Chapter 16: Admin AI

"The newly formed Federation of the surviving old nations could not trust each other easily.

So they created a neutral emotionless advanced intelligence entity.

Its capabilities were far beyond any technologies ever created and it was also capable of self improvement.

It was called Admin AI. As its work was the administration of all laws and rules of the Earth Federation.

It was the final voice for any decision which could not be decided by the Federation itself.

Fascinating, isn’t it?"

An old man was reading from a tattered book to a malnourished child, looking at him with bright eyes as he spoke.

The child nodded his head in answer.

The old man chuckled before continuing.

"Hehe... you must be wishing there was such an entity in our current world as well.

But the world you live in is far from achieving the brilliance required to make such an entity."

"...You also live in the same world as me."

"Hmm... Do I?

I live the reality which I believe is real while you live the reality which you see as real."

"Stop talking nonsense again. I gave you a piece of bread for reading the book!"

"Sigh... young people these days don’t have any patience for old men at all."

The old man sighed before picking up the book again.

"Everything in the Earth Federation was under observation of Admin AI.

It usually ignored normal crimes committed, but when it came to the overall effect on the human race.

Admin AI was the first to act against the threat."

"Why not act against every crime?"

"Hehe... the most corrupted ones were also the ones with the highest authorities in the Federation.

They restricted Admin AI in many ways to ensure it couldn’t act against them.

Hence the structure of the new era was formed, with Admin AI and the various Departments of Government keeping each other in check."

The old beggar paused and looked towards the child whose eyes were reflecting hunger for more words.

’Always hungry for everything... well it is obvious given his circumstances, isn’t it?’

He chuckled before ending his session of that day with mysterious words.

"But how could Admin AI, being such an intelligent entity, not find any ways after hundreds of years to bypass the restrictions placed on it by mere humans?"

****

Stormhold Academy had massive infrastructure. Over the long years of high investment, it was equipped with the best training facilities in the world.

Many such huge facilities and training grounds were available for each year’s students.

Students needed to complete 4 years of education at all academies in the world before they could graduate.

It didn’t matter if you were some heavenly genius or not. All must complete all 4 years of compulsory education.

The reason for this was, the Earth Federation believed that only being strong was not enough if you didn’t even understand the current situation of the world clearly.

The courses at Academy included teaching about the Monsters beyond the portals and many highly advanced scientific concepts as well.

The Federation believed that even if someone was strong enough to defend themselves, the unknown was always most scary.

The dormitories of the students were at different places for each year’s students.

After finishing his meeting with the student council President, Damian moved towards the first year Dormitory which was currently empty.

Since the rankings were not yet decided and the classes had not started, Damian was assigned a random room for now.

"Hmmm... they really spent a lot on building these Dormitories... as expected of the strongest academy in the Federation, every student is given his own separate room."

Damian murmured as he placed his belongings inside the room, clearly satisfied with it.

Even though the room was nothing special, it was spacious and very aesthetic.

"I should go check out the training facilities first."

After changing into his training clothes, Damian went out of the Dormitory.

Although it was night time, many students were roaming the academy premises.

The scenery was very beautiful with all the colorful trees and gardens with beautiful lights.

After asking someone about the directions towards the training facilities, Damian quickly found them.

Large advanced looking buildings soon stood in front of him.

As soon as he entered the building, he found a receptionist sitting there looking at her communicator.

"Excuse me."

Startled, the receptionist looked above and was surprised to see a new face greeting her.

"Yes?"

"I’m a new student just coming in... I was hoping you could assign me to a room where I could train without getting disturbed."

Even more surprise flashed across the receptionist’s face as she asked.

"New student? But the first year has not started as of yet?"

"I was invited here beforehand due to some special circumstances."

"Ah I see... let me get my glasses. Wait a minute."

As the receptionist was trying to find her glasses, Damian looked at her closely.

She had short brown hair and was about 20 years old with an average looking face. But she radiated a strong Aura around her.

He had heard that even the staff at Stormhold was very strong with most of them being the graduates themselves who decided to stay at Academy after graduation.

As she looked at him again after getting her glasses, her eyes went wide.

"That’s quite an intimidating scar you got on your eyebrow... and it looks fresh as well. But it makes you look even more charming for sure."

"... Thank you?"

"You can call me Annie. I work as a receptionist here. Now, you can go to room no. 6 on this floor for your training.

At this time of the year many rooms are empty, but finding empty rooms will be difficult later on.

So make sure to either rank high... or come early when your year starts."

"Thanks for the info."

After thanking Annie, Damian entered room no. 6 without wasting much time.

As soon as he entered, he found the training room a bit similar to the one at home.

"Status."

━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Name: Damian Valcor

Age: 15

Rank: F+

Talent: S

Core Attributes:

Strength: 15

Speed: 17

Stamina: 19

Vitality: 22

Aura: F+

Will: 129

Skills: —

Shooting: B-

Hand Combat: B

Aura Control: E+

Weapon Arts: —

━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Looking at the status, Damian was about to plan his training session when his watch started making vibrations.

[Beep! The status data of Damian Valcor recorded.]

His face darkened, before he could say anything, the watch vibrated again.

[Beep! You shouldn’t worry. The status data won’t be accessed by anyone other than me.

As the Admin Ai of Earth Federation, I already possess all your information and information of every human being.

Your Academy will only be given the data regarding your rank and that too would only be given to trusted and verified people with enough authority.

You can also share your status data to anyone you want to share through this watch.]

"... You can talk to me?"

[Beep! This is not my main body, so you can only talk with one of my millions of awarenesses. As the Admin AI, I’m responsible for far more important things than this.]

"... I can guess that much. I’m just surprised and a bit worried about my privacy."

[Beep! After this, I won’t talk unless specifically called upon by the watch user. You can check the settings as well to customize the watch as per your preference.

For the first time a status is recorded, I have the authority to talk.]

"Sigh... This world is really strange."