Chapter 22: Ambush

Damian was feeling a bit tipsy ever since he drank that bottle of Rum.

Even though he was an awakener, he had not reached a point where he could ignore the effects of the alcohol.

As he was riding his bike, he couldn’t help but think of all the events that happened today.

’That kid should be fine with old man Mike.

Although... I need to do something about these orphanages.’

’I also need to find more information about the Shadow Council.

That therapist from SFD should also be arriving at the Academy tomorrow.

Sigh...’

While Damian’s mind was occupied with these thoughts, he didn’t notice that an armoured truck was racing towards him from behind.

Maybe it was the effect of the alcohol, or his thoughts that made him unable to detect it before it slammed his bike from behind.

"Booom!!!"

With a loud boom, his bike along with him was thrown off the road.

"Argh..."

Damian clutched his head as he removed the helmet and stood up shakily.

As his eyes caught the sight of five black dressed men coming out of the truck, he immediately tried to get a hold of himself.

"That’s him, kill him fast."

A tall man, clearly the leader of the group, ordered his men to take action.

Immediately four men surrounded Damian while holding swords and radiating an Aura of E+ rank.

As one man got closer to Damian and waved his sword towards his head, he blocked it off with his helmet and started punching his face.

But his helmet was also destroyed in the process. The other three without wasting any time came to the aid of their Ally.

Damian tried dodging all the swords, but clearly outnumbered and fighting enemies with higher rank than his own, he couldn’t remain without injury.

A sword impaled him from behind, but he kept fighting and using his own Aura to injure his enemies.

He started integrating his Aura roughly within his punches. The effect was immediate as the enemy who stabbed him from behind had his head broken by a punch as his blood splashed on Damian’s face.

"You all can’t even handle someone below your rank. Forget it, I’ll join as well."

The leader started getting annoyed and joined after seeing one of his men die.

Damian was already finding it tough to hold against the enemies, exchanging injuries for injuries.

So when the leader joined, he was blasted off by a single punch from him.

"What the..."

After rolling on the ground many times, he held his stomach, shocked by the strength with which he was punched.

The leader stood there, having a wicked grin on his face, with a D- rank Aura revolving around him.

"Hehe, did you think the higher-ups will send only E rank fighters to handle you?

You killed many of them in the Norrington School before, so they sent me as well."

But instead of feeling despair, Damian smiled as well as he pulled out his gun from the holster while lying on the ground.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

All except the leader died as soon as the bullet hit their head.

"Arghh...fuck."

The leader fell to the ground as the bullet hit his head as well. But he didn’t die.

Clearly as one rises in the ranks, they become thick skinned as well. And the bullets used were only normal bullets.

Damian stood up shakily and went to the leader and sat on him.

"Fool... you should have stuck to close combat."

As soon as he finished speaking, Damian started raining punches on the head of the fallen leader where the bullet was half pierced.

"Die! Die! DIE!!"

Damian kept punching until the bullet went through the head of the leader and he died.

But he didn’t stop punching.

He kept on raining punches till the head burst apart.

’Sigh... this suit is ruined as well.’

As he stood up again, Damian looked at his stomach to see the sword sticking out of it and his tattered clothes.

His eyes moved towards his bike that was lying to the side of the empty road in pieces.

He went towards it and picked up the bag of clothes he bought from old man Mike before.

’Phew... at least these suits are safe.’

Looking around, Damian could not find a single soul nearby.

The place where he was ambushed was very secluded as it stood between the Academy and the main city of Tranquil city.

"Sigh... let’s call Elizabeth for help here. I’m losing a lot of blood."

****

Elizabeth was busy dealing with some paperwork when she was informed by Damian of the ambush and the help he needed.

Without wasting much time, she along with Liam Evergreen, the Vice President of the Student Council who previously took Micheal with his Aura to the medical clinic, dropped everything and went for help.

They took an Academy’s armored car with them.

As soon as they arrived at the scene of the ambush, they found Damian standing there impaled with a sword and covered in blood from head to toe while holding what seemed to be a... shopping bag?

"What the..."

Liam Evergreen couldn’t believe his eyes as he took in everything before him.

Bodies with their heads exploded, a broken bike and an armored truck with the front damaged.

But most of all what stood out was the nonchalant looking First year student with a sword impaling him.

He stood there as if all of this did not involve him.

"Sigh... this guy will never let me have a single peaceful day."

Elizabeth sighed as she looked at Damian waving at her with a complex expression on her face.

"Do something about his injuries first, Evergreen."

"... okay."Liam knew now was not the time to ask questions, so he moved closer to Damian who already looked like he was about to pass out.

He moved his greenish Aura to cover the wound where the sword impaled him.

"How is it?"

Elizabeth took hold of Damian as she sat him down and asked Liam.

"... Ignoring the sword wound, multiple cuts are present there in his body and his ribcage is also broken by a solid impact.

I’m stopping the blood first. Also, give him a vitality potion.

"Elizabeth took out a green looking potion from her space ring and fed it to Damian who looked like he wanted to speak but was stopped by her.

As soon as he drank the potion, color returned to his face and with Liam working on his injuries, he was finally able to speak a little.

"... Check their bodies and the truck to see if they have left any clue to their hideouts."

"I will let Admin AI do that, you on the other hand should keep quiet and focus your own Aura as well on healing first."

As soon as she finished speaking with Damian, Elizabeth turned towards her watch and opened her mouth.

"Lilly, scan the bodies and the truck and give me detailed analysis of their ranks alongside the cause of their deaths and collect all useful information from the truck as well..."

[Already on it. One of the enemies was D- ranked awakened and the rest of them were E+ ranked.

Cause of death for one E+ enemy is being punched to the head and other three died by normal bullets to their heads.

The D- rank enemy was first also shot but the bullet didn’t penetrate through the skull, but he was punched repeatedly till the head exploded.]

Both Elizabeth and Liam looked at Damian with complex looks.

Here was a First year student who just awakened, taking down an enemy of D rank alongside multiple E rankers who were also one minor rank higher than him.

"... Just some luck. I would have died if not for them being so careless."

[There is no useful information present on their bodies and the truck.

The only thing I found out was that they belonged to the Shadow Council and were sent to kill Damian Valcor.]

"Alright, thanks for letting us know Lilly. Make sure to inform SFD and the Federation about this incident as well."

[Understood. Also, the main consciousness of Admin AI has accessed the information regarding this incident as well.]

"... I see."

While Damian was feeling confused, Liam saw his expression and started explaining.

"Lilly is one of the low consciousness of Admin AI with some authority assigned to the President by Admin AI.

Admin AI works as the main consciousness connected to many of the low consciousness like Lilly, who in turn are connected to many of the devices embedded with Admin AI.

Only people deemed important enough for them to have an impact on the whole Human Race are granted such advanced consciousness like Lilly.

Our President has one of the highest talents in the world and also holds great authority, so naturally she has one as well."

Only then did Damian start to understand the whole structure of the neutral entity controlling the Human Race from behind the scene.

’My memories are really useless for now... I only remember that old man focusing on events involving the Monsters beyond the Portal.

Are other memories locked? Or do I only have this little knowledge of the world?

And who are the important characters of the novel?

Sigh... I don’t know anything at all. Better to just live like normal and stop considering this world as if it were a novel.

There are no main characters. There are no plot armors. Only real people with their own choices.’

While Damian was thinking about these things. Elizabeth finished getting hold of all the information from Lilly.

"So... Can you tell us what happened now, junior Damian?"