Chapter 15: Stormhold

━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Name: Damian Valcor

Age: 15

Rank: F+

Talent: S

Core Attributes:

Strength: 15

Speed: 17

Stamina: 19

Vitality: 22

Aura: F → F+

Will: 129

Skills: —

Shooting: B-

Hand Combat: B

Aura Control: E+

Weapon Arts: —

━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Looking at the growth of his core. Damian realized he had been continuing the breathing exercise for hours without even realizing it.

He adjusted his clothes as he was about to get off the train.

He was currently wearing a simple suit, not much to his taste as the only one that he liked was shredded to pieces during the incident yesterday.

’I really need to make time to buy some clothes...’

As he got off the train. He took his bike and went straight towards the Stormhold Academy.

His road to power was finally about to begin!

****

Stormhold Academy

Outside the high walls of the Academy, a girl with purple hair and eyes stood.

She was the current Student Council President of the Stormhold Academy.

Her name was Elizabeth Murdock.

She was a very powerful person for someone her age. There were rumors that she was already at B Rank.

Right now, she was waiting to receive the first freshman of this year.

This freshman had encountered some special circumstances requiring him to arrive at the academy a bit early.

He was involved in the Norrington incident that happened only yesterday.

Not only was he involved, he was the main reason many lives were saved.

The Student Council was the one responsible for sending the invitations out to students with special circumstances.

At all Academies, Student councils held the most influence.

They were the future leaders of the Federation with thousands who were dependent on them.

So Academies started grooming these strong individuals from the moment they joined them.

They give them complete authority of running the Academies albeit under the supervision of the professors.

And Elizabeth was the one who made sure to send an invitation out to Damian Valcor.

And it was even before this incident happened.

She really wanted to meet this new student.

She has seen the CCTV footage of his massacre and she also saw many things that others might have not noticed.

She also knew SFD was currently investigating Damian’s past, trying to find any connection he might have had with any sort of criminal organization.

But she didn’t care. She liked what she saw and she needed this kind of talent in Stormhold.

’The world is becoming more and more chaotic... only individuals like Damian will be our hope...’

Just as she was immersed in her thoughts, she saw a black bike come to a stop in front of her.

She saw the rider take out his communicator and make a call.

Her watch started ringing, which caught the rider’s eyes as well.

So Elizabeth waved her hand to let the rider know she was the one whom he was trying to contact.

She came closer while he was removing his helmet.

A face 3 years younger than her with a menacing scar with red hair and eyes greeted her.

"I am Elizabeth Murdock, Student council President of Stormhold Academy. It is a pleasure to meet you."

Elizabeth stretched her hand forward, which the boy took with his own and introduced himself as well.

"Good evening Miss president, my name is Damian Valcor."

****

Inside the office of student council president.

Damian was sitting in front of Elizabeth as she was busy signing the documents and completing his admission process.

He was surprised to find out that he was directly in contact with the President from the start ever since he accepted the invitation.

But he did not care much about it and continued to wait till Elizabeth completed the formalities.

"Catch."

As soon as she was done, she took out a watch from her table and threw it at Damian.

Looking at his confused face, she explained.

"From now on, you won’t need those useless communicators. You can use this watch for all purposes and it will also reflect your ranking in class.

All your communications will happen through this device from now on.

As you might know, students of the Stormhold Academy face many disasters during their time here.

So we have made this watch as a preventive measure. So that all information about the students remains safe at all times.

Even the academy won’t be able to access any information other than your academic details."

"Hmm. I see."

Even though Damian felt it was too good to be true, he didn’t voice out any objection and wore the watch.

As soon as he wore the watch, Damian found out that a holographic screen was reflected in front of his eyes.

And it also accessed all his information from his old communicator and deleted all data from it.

Looking at the surprised look on Damian’s face, Elizabeth chuckled.

"The watch is connected to the Admin AI of Earth Federation. It can override the authority of any such rudimentary device."

’I see... so that’s why they were so confident about our information being completely secure.

If it’s in the hands of a neutral AI entity, then it makes sense’

He remembered hearing the old beggar say there was an entity like that in the world inside the novel.

Now a bit relaxed, Damian closed the interface and looked towards Elizabeth.

"Why was I sent a special invitation from the academy? At that time the Norrington incident had not even happened."

Faced with his directness, she also answered honestly.

"In your Entrance exams, in all your theory exams, you scored 93 marks. The difficulty of achieving such a result is even more than getting full marks in all subjects.

It is clear that you wanted to score enough to get into the top 1000 barely just to be safe.

To me...it seemed like you were flaunting the prowess of your intelligence."

Elizabeth said seriously before continuing.

"But now, looking at how you fought and your calculative moves and ruthlessness.

I’m even more interested in your talents.

I don’t believe your limit is just B Rank.

With a mind so intelligent, you wouldn’t have chosen Stormhold Academy if you were not confident enough to become powerful.

SFD might think you are suspicious and what not. But I don’t care as long as AI determines you to not be our enemy.

The world is becoming more and more chaotic and we need more and more talents like you."

As soon as Elizabeth finished speaking, Damian smiled and extended his hand towards her for a handshake.

"I look forward to my days at Stormhold under your care, Miss President."

Elizabeth also smiled as she returned his hand shake.

"And I look forward to the surprises you will bring my way."