Chapter 18: Walk in the garden

"Do you happen to know the name of the organization behind this attack?"

Damian asked Elizabeth, hoping he could get an answer.

And as expected, he was not disappointed.

"... Yes, it is an organization by the name of Shadow Council."

Elizabeth continued without pausing.

"Although not much is known about this organization, it has recently given SFD a lot of trouble.

They have many members who are mostly low ranked and have low talent.

Not much is known about them, as so far, only small scale attacks and threats have been made by them.

Previously most of their attacks were stopped thanks to SFD, but more and more of these attacks are happening almost every week.

Although the attack on Norrington was their first big success. They managed to create panic and outrage among all the people of the federation."

As she was speaking, her gaze went towards the night sky, filled with dark clouds.

"Not much is known about them. But from what I have figured out, they are a group of people not satisfied with the strong families holding all the power.

They say they want equal rights for all in the society, yet they kill the lower ranked innocent people without any remorse.

It is clear they just don’t like the fact that low ranked people can’t get into high positions ever since the dawn of awakeners."

"But you shouldn’t worry much, the strength they have revealed so far is only up to C rank.

You should worry more about SFD, from my perspective.

Yesterday, I received information from the Headmaster that SFD wants to keep you under surveillance.

But the Headmaster rejected it, although SFD might try to send an investigator under the guise of a therapist."

"....what?"

Damian was surprised for the first time during their conversation.

He looked at Elizabeth immediately for clarification.

"You heard it right, you will have to undergo some therapist sessions.

It was decided by the Federation government and even our Headmaster didn’t refuse... you probably understand why right?

Don’t get me wrong...but no one would feel safe letting a student like you roam free among other students.

I myself don’t find anything wrong with what you did... but that doesn’t change the fact that what you did was indeed not normal.

Although the students of Stormhold undergo dangerous situations and trials... even our academy is not insane enough to let a first year student experience bloodshed."

Damian didn’t like the look he was receiving from Elizabeth but his face remained unchanged.

"Yes, I get it. I am indeed a psychopath. No need to sugarcoat so much."

"And who isn’t a murderer in this age? Don’t think much about it really. Others might say you are a monster.

But I couldn’t care less... Every student trained here in this academy is meant to become a sword for the sake of humanity.

It would be too hypocritical to say you are a monster when we train for years just to become a good killing machine."

Elizabeth replied with a serious face, in a bid to comfort him.

’Not gonna lie... it did touch my heart.’

As Damian was having such thoughts in his mind, Elizabeth continued.

"Although...we train to kill monsters beyond the portals... you killed humans for your first kill and didn’t even flinch.

You even carved them up... hehe... hmm, I won’t judge really."

Looking at the teasing expression on the face of the Student Council President.

Damian couldn’t help but sigh.

He really needed to take control of his emotions next time he finds himself in a similar situation.

"Also... there are many extraordinary students joining your batch of students and even though you are already stronger than them, they won’t take much time to catch up to you, given their talents of S and SS ranks."

This indeed caught Damian’s attention. Ever since he awakened his memories, he found out that he couldn’t remember any of the main characters of the novel.

It was as if the old man never really mentioned them.

He could only remember some information about the world and a few major events.

’Now that I think about it... it’s as if something is blocking me from accessing my old memories.’

After pondering for some time, he shook his head.

’Forget it, whatever information those memories have, one day I will eventually obtain them.

For now though... It’s time to start considering whether I need to create a Mafia in this world or not.

Sigh... let’s take it one step at a time.’

Damian was a little reluctant to start a Mafia after what happened in his past life.

Although he didn’t say much at that time, every member of the Mafia was a family to him.

When they all died that day, he didn’t find any reason to continue living.

He could have escaped from the police easily if he wanted to. But he felt as though there was no meaning left to live.

He had enjoyed all kinds of luxury but only when his Mafia started dying one by one....

He realized at last, that life became beautiful with loved ones around you.

If you had no one to share your joy and sorrows, life itself was worthless.

Even though to the world he was a ruthless Mafia Boss, to his Mafia Family... he was their Godfather, their friend and their constant support pillar.

As Damian was feeling emotional replaying some past memories in his mind.

Elizabeth thought Damian was feeling pressure since his talent was only B rank, so she comforted him.

"Don’t worry so much... There are many ways to increase talent. And it’s not rare to see people breaking past their limits.

With your diligence and hard work, you will be able to keep up with the rest of your batch."

".... I wasn’t worried about that, Miss Elizabeth. Can you tell me when the so-called therapist will arrive at the academy?"

After pondering for some time, she replied.

"They should be coming the day after tomorrow."

"Thanks for letting me know. If there is nothing else Miss. I would like to take my leave."

Elizabeth pursed her lips, increasingly disliking the formal way he used while talking with her.

"Junior Damian, you can just call me by my name you know.

And you are far too formal. We are only students, and I’m only 2 years older than you."

Damian could only helplessly oblige with her request.

It was not that he was doing it intentionally, but nothing can change the fact that the person standing in front of him was a very strong awakener and held the greatest authority in the academy.

"... Okay, Elizabeth. Thank you for everything."

A smile blossomed on the face of the purple haired beauty as she waved her hand also.

"See you tomorrow at the orientation, junior Damian. Remember to be on time~~"

Watching her leave, Damian dropped all expressions on his face and started walking towards the dormitory.