Chapter 10: Norrington School

The school where Luna currently studied and Damian used to study, was named after their city.

Norrington School.

In the current Earth Federation, every city had a school which was backed by the Government.

The wealthy and the poor, all hoped their kids could enter a school backed by the Government before they could move to academies later on.

These schools represented safety and status.

So when it became known that Norrington School was attacked by a terrorist organization.

All the parents were shaken and rushed towards the school.

Students of many powerful people of the city studied there.

The Federation Government responded fast and their security forces had already entered the school, neutralizing any threats to students’ safety.

By the time Damian finished dealing with the leader.

Almost all the terrorists present elsewhere in the school were already killed.

****

The doors of the seminar hall opened with a burst, scaring all the students and teachers present.

When they saw it was the security forces along with some of the powerful rankers among the parents who had rushed as fast as they could, all of them finally relaxed.

And then all hell broke loose again.

Cries of students and teachers, the grieving parents, and the grieving family members swept through the whole school.

Leading the security forces were powerful figures who were high ranked experts.

Most of them were around Rank B. With only one being Rank A.

When the security forces saw the dead bodies of the terrorists and the condition of their leader, who was half dead.

Even they were shocked.

Along this floor, they already saw gruesomely killed bodies of the masked men lying around.

But they were still not prepared to see the state of their enemy like this.

They surrounded the area and moved the students and teachers out the room.

Not one of them came to express their gratitude towards Damian.

Only Mrs. Ariel remained inside the room. Looking at Damian with complex emotions.

She was his Homeroom teacher as well when he used to study in the school.

When the security forces pointed their weapons at Damian and Luna who was being embraced by him.

She rushed in between them and hurriedly clarified the situation.

"Don’t!!! He was the one who saved all of us earlier. He took out all the terrorists alone."

A man who almost resembled a bear with thick muscles and wide body stepped out from among the security personnel.

"... We can see that. But the way he handled the situation..."

His gaze moved towards the terrorist lying half dead on the floor.

Even with his experience on the field, he was appalled by the state of these terrorists that were on this floor, especially the leader.

Hearing the hoarse voices being muttered by the half dead man, he felt a shiver run down his spine.

Then he looked at the source of all this.

’He is just a kid...’

With complex emotions, the man took out aura blocking cuffs from his pocket and moved towards Damian.

"Although I know you were the one who saved the hostages, due to protocol, I will have to take you into custody temporarily given the nature of the situation.

Please don’t resist while we place you under temporary restraints."

Luna was about to say something, but before she could say anything, another voice rang out first.

"You will place no such restraints on my son!"

Alaric arrived before the officer and placed his hand on his shoulder.

Completely immobilized, the man started sweating.

’Fuck... since when was there a guy so damn powerful in this city. I can’t even mobilize my aura now!’

All the security forces behind him pointed their weapons at the unknown man who just teleported out nowhere.

"Stop!"

The bear-like man yelled at his subordinates before looking at the newcomer.

"... It is just a protocol. We need to take the testimonies of all those present on-site. But your son’s case is a bit special.

So we have to move him to the Special forces department for investigation and his own testimony.

We won’t harm him."

"I don’t give a damn about your protocol.

I’ll be taking my son back home."

"It’s alright Dad, I will go to the Department on my own, no need for these aura blockers though.

I’m just an F Rank."

Without waiting for anyone to say anything, Damian started to walk towards the Officer and said.

"Let’s go."

****

Special Forces Department

Inside a sealed off room meant for investigating criminals, Damian sat waiting.

He was seated alone here as SFD Officers needed to take testimonies of all the witnesses and they also needed to check the CCTV footage.

’It will take them a long time to take all the testimonies. Let’s get some rest.’

He didn’t get any rest last night as well, and now all this.

Not to mention he was still injured. Bleeding had stopped thanks to his improved vitality stats.

But he still needed treatment for those injuries.

As Damian felt the fatigue finally take over him, he closed his eyes.

Flashes of everything that happened came to his mind.

The way he gruesomely killed the terrorists, the torture he inflicted on the leader, and his indifference towards having blood on his hands.

’It was the first time I killed someone in this life... Yet it came so naturally to me... it seems I have changed much more than I thought."

Did he feel any regret for killing?

’No! It was either them or me.’

Did he feel any regret for torturing the leader?

’Hell No! I only wish I could continue more...’

Thinking all this in his mind and comparing it to the old him, he came to a conclusion soon enough.

’Yup, I was indeed a psycho in my past life... I should tone it down a little.

But it seems I was needlessly more violent now...’

’Alessio’ would use these means to get the information needed from his enemies.

But he would never do it for no reason.

He was very calculative and ruthless.

But the current Damian seems to have transformed into a monster.

The torture of the terrorist in his sister’s classroom could be described as the way Alessio worked.

But the torture of their leader was purely... emotional.

He wanted to make sure that son of a bitch suffered.

’I guess I don’t dislike this new me... whoever dares to even think about harming my loved ones should die a horrible death.

But I should make sure to always keep calm... these emotions are detrimental if not controlled.

Just like in the classroom...’

Seeing those bodies and assuming Luna had met a worse end... He lost his focus for a few seconds and ended up getting stabbed.

Damian soon fell asleep after reflecting on his mistakes.

He didn’t know that all his actions were under scrutiny by the officers gathered outside the room.