Chapter 4: Safety is an illusion

As Damian finished reading the message, he was surprised because not everyone who ranked in top 2000 received an invitation from Stormhold Academy.

They would have to apply and then wait to be accepted. Although the top 2000 had a 100% chance of being accepted, many chose to join other academies as well.

After all, even though the Stormhold Academy was the strongest, after so many years, many prestigious academies were catching up as well. Especially the ones backed by powerful families.

Then he shrugged his shoulders, not thinking much why the academy sent him an invitation.

"Damy... You have received invitations from other prestigious academies as well and they are as good as Stormhold Academy now. Most importantly, they are not filled with much danger."

Lyandra voiced out in a voice filled with worry, after looking at the invitations from so many academies.

"Yes kiddo, we are very happy with the fact that you achieved very good results by ranking so high.

But you have to understand that while Stormhold Academy is really strong and most of the powerful rankers were once their alumni, it is also the only academy where students have a chance of dying.

Unlike other academies who believe in first letting the students develop, Stormhold’s ideology remains the same as when the world was in its most dangerous time."

Alaric also opened his mouth, but instead of worry, he explained the effect his choice of academy would have on him.

He continued with his calm voice,

"Although they don’t necessarily put the children in harm’s way.

It is a fact that every year many students who enroll there will die of various causes. Whether it be from monsters inside the portals or... through other people’s hands."

Damian maintained his calm as he looked towards the solemn faces of his parents.

Then while remaining seated, he leaned back on his chair, put one leg over the other and rested his tilted head on his right hand supported by the armrest of the chair.

He smiled before saying, "Mom, Dad. I know Stormhold Academy would not be completely safe, but is there any place in our world that is guaranteed a safe haven?"

"Ever since portals opened, war has been raging throughout our planet. Even though we repelled the invasion of the beings inside the portal, it doesn’t change the fact that portals never closed and our fight never really ended."

"Although I don’t know much, I can somewhat guess what the situation of our world is like.

It is in a very delicate balance that can break anytime. Even the strongest beings are not really safe when the whole world can be compromised in the next second."

Lyandra and Alaric continued listening with complex emotions, looking at their son who was behaving more and more mature and different from what they remembered.

After pausing for some time, Damian continued with a serious face,

"I understand clearly what going to Stormhold will mean. I understand the dangers of the monsters very well... As for the dangers from fellow humans? Let’s just say I am not the same Damian as of yesterday."

By the time he finished speaking whatever he had to say, a cold look was already present in his eyes.

His parents exchanged glances before thinking, indeed, their son had changed a lot after gaining his memories.

They were both relieved and at a sense of loss as they found their son seemed to have lost his usual innocent nature.

But... They could feel it, he was still their son, he still looked at them with the same love, maybe even more after yesterday.

"Alright Damy, you can make the decision of the academy on your own. We will support whichever academy you choose to join."

In the end, Lyandra made the choice of leaving everything to Damian who was more than capable of deciding what is best for him.

"Is there anything you need from us, kiddo?"

Alaric wasn’t much of a talker but looking at his face, it was obvious his thoughts were the same as his wife. So he only asked his son if there was anything he needed from them.

Damian pondered for some time, ’Well I do feel uncomfortable with nothing to defend myself... ’

"Dad, Can you get me a gun... and the license to carry it?" He opened his mouth without any hesitation.

"... A gun? But it is too predictable to see the bullets coming and their power is not strong if the one who wields them does not have much control over his Aura."

Alaric was confused by the choice of weapon his son asked.

"Just give it to him and stop doubting our son. Remember, there are also many powerful shooters among the awakeners who can control the trajectories of their bullets.

And I am sure he will be able to control his Aura perfectly fine."

Lyandra pouted while giving an angry look at her husband. It was rare their son ever asked something and here he was questioning his choices.

"Sigh.. But they are people who have strong control over their will power and practiced for years before gaining mastery over it... Alright, Alright... I will get them by the end of today."

Glancing at his angry wife, Alaric smiled sheepishly while touching his forehead.

Looking at the actions of his parents, Damian chuckled before he opened his mouth.

"I will train in the training room for today, now that I am about to enter academy - I can finally start my breathing exercises and training for Aura generation."

"Ah yes, go ahead but make sure to eat something and rest on time. Also, remember to accept the invitation from the academy before starting your training. If you don’t understand anything, you can ask us."

Lyandra said excitedly filled with joy now that her son can finally start advancing in rank.

"I will call you when I have your license and gun with me."

After he finished speaking, Alaric left the house and Lyandra went to do her own things.

Damian then picked up his communicator and opened the message from Stormhold academy before accepting their invitation without any hesitation with a cold face.

"I hope I won’t be disappointed... "