Chapter 1: Alessio D’Rossi

On the rooftop of a thirty-floor skyscraper, a man dined alone.

Everything around him spoke luxurious and he himself wore an all-black luxurious suit with a tie.

He was eating a delicious meal freshly made with fine details by himself.

Only the sound of chewing could be heard other than the sound of wind blowing and ruffling his hairs.

As the meal was close to finishing, the sound of the knife hitting the plate became more.

Just when the man finished his meal, his phone rang. After wiping his mouth with a napkin, the well dressed man answered the call.

"Speak."

"Boss, the police have managed to find your location and currently they are on their way to arrest you. You need to RUN NO-"

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

Before the man on the other side of the call continued, sounds of gun shots being fired could be heard....and then there was no sound.

"Sigh..."

The man, Alessio D’Rossi, held his phone in silence for a long time before silently breaking the phone in two pieces and throwing it down the building.

Alessio was a mafia boss, currently on the run from the governments of many countries in the world for the crimes he committed and the lives he took.

He was born in a third world country where empty stomachs forced him to join local gangs.

Hunger.

Those who’ve never felt it will never understand its horror.

For Alessio, it became the only thing driving him forward.

When he was on the verge of starving, with no home, family, or anything to his name; He killed a man for a piece of bread.

Seeing a kid no more than 9 years old, repeatedly stab a man just for the bread, impressed those gang members standing in that shadowy alley.

One of them took him seriously and introduced him to their leader.

That’s how the crime life of Alessio, a starving child, started.

He kept on becoming more and more powerful within the gang and eventually took it over.

He killed as many as possible to make sure no resistance was left in every step of his journey.

Eventually, he became the Boss of the biggest mafia of the world, built on thousands of dead bodies and millions of victims.

His childhood experiences shaped him into the man he was today, even though his edge has dulled after reaching the top, it does not erase the fact that he was the most wanted man alive in the world currently.

****

Alessio waited on the top floor, leaning against the balcony of the rooftop of the skyscraper as sounds of police sirens and helicopters kept ringing in the whole city, aware of the fate that awaited him.

And the wait did not last long as numerous armed policemen started pouring through the door of the terrace.

One officer among them came forward, filled with emotions clearly at what might be the biggest arrest in more than a decade in the world.

"Tell me Officer Brian, are you excited about the promotion and medals alongside honor and fame you will be rewarded soon?"

Alessio smilingly asked the officer who had been on his tail for 10 years if he remembered correctly.

Officer Brain kept silent for a long time before asking the questions burning in his mind ever since he took on the task of capturing this man.

"Can you tell me why you did it?"

"To what exactly are you referring to, Officer? There are many things I have done in this life of mine."

Alessio chuckled, finding the question funny.

"...You had enough money before you went after every other criminal organization you could find and leaving bodies after bodies in your wake...you could have lived your life like a king in a small country with nothing to worry about, but you chose to spread your mafia in every corner of the world you could find...you kept on making enemies for no reason and you made yourself the most famous criminal in every country you entered...Why?"

Officer Brian could not understand why a man who had everything in his small country, where even the government could do nothing against him, would eventually just walk closer and closer to his own death.

Alessio laughed for a while, then he regained his bearings and looked at the officer in front of him seriously.

"Tell me officer, have you ever seen a small child starving for food, in a situation where he would do anything for it?"

"I understand where you are com-"

"Have you?" Alessio interrupted the officer before he could start bullshitting about morals.

"...No." The officer replied after staying silent for some time.

"I have been that child for the first 9 years of my life and do you know the most important thing I learned during that time?"

Without waiting for Officer Brain’s answer, Alessio continued.

"There is no such thing as enough... Hunger drives you to snatch everything possible and you never know when it will be the last you can have. And so I did, I snatched everything I could get my hands on, keeping it for my own and kept on doing it till I had what you might call...enough."

Officer Brian kept being silent, continuing to listen to him, knowing this man could not get away tonight.

"And there was one more thing I realised after that. Human greed knows no bounds...and I happen to be one such human myself." Alessio chuckled as he finished what he had to say to the Officer.

He decided to be generous enough to answer the man who had spent so long trying to catch him.

Brian was appalled by the man calling himself human after committing the most heinous of crimes possible.

"You dare call yourself human!? After everything you’ve done!? What about the people you shattered – the wives you left without husbands, the children robbed of their fathers, the mothers who buried their sons because of your greed!?"

’Sigh... People and their moral preaching never stop’, Alessio sighed in his mind looking at the man in front of him continuing to speak agitatedly.

’They never care when children starve themselves to death, they never show compassion to beggars, they never help anyone else as they keep minding their own business...And yet, when the so called privileged people are hurt, their morality starts awakening’

He understands clearly why only he was being hunted by all the countries, when there were many other big mafia bosses and criminal organizations out there in the world.

"Them?" He gave a lazy tilt of his head, eyes gleaming cold. A smirk spread as he leaned in. "You think I give a damn?"

As soon as he finished speaking those words, he jumped off the railings of the terrace, all the policemen gathered, including Brian tried to stop him but he was already falling down the high building.

When Officer Brian managed to get close to the railing, he saw Alessio falling down, hands spread, with a wide smile on his face as his eyes remained closed.

He looked as if he was relishing every last moment he could get to breathe, before succumbing to his ultimate end.

And that’s how the life of Alessio D’Rossi, the most wanted mafia boss in the world, came to an end.

Or...did it?