Chapter 6: Night Training

After the dinner finished, Damian quietly stood up as his family continued their conversation and chores.

He went straight to the training room again, but as soon as he was about to close the door, a hand stopped it from closing.

Alaric stood there smiling, "Let me in kiddo."

Damian let his father enter the room and watched as he closed the door.

"... Everything alright, Dad?" He was confused as to why his Dad came to talk with him at this moment.

"What? Don’t tell me you don’t even remember what you asked me to get you this morning?"

Alaric smiled mischievously as he looked at his son.

"You mean... "

"Yes, I got your license and gun with me."

"But where is it? Your hands are empty."

Damian’s brows were tightly locked, this was the reason why he was confused.

He didn’t forget the request he made to his father this morning.

He was just confused because he saw him enter empty handed.

"... Kiddo, it seems you are still not back to normal yet... Your mother and I use space rings, remember?"

Alaric knew that getting those memories suddenly would have its side-effects. So he remained patient and understanding towards his son.

He and his wife had already made the decision to not bring the topic of his memories deliberately.

They wanted him to take his time and deal with everything slowly.

As a family, all they can do in this situation is to act like they did normally.

"Ah... yes, sorry about that Dad. I’m still not used to our world a little.

To be honest, everything feels nostalgic and everything about the magical side of our world is like a new experience once again."

"It’s alright kiddo, take your time. You are doing good so far. I don’t know if I would be able to stay as calm as you if I went through something like this."

He chuckled a little, before waving his hand and letting a box appear in his hand through his space ring.

"Here... this box has your gun and license alongside the bullets in which you can fill your aura.

There are also some normal bullets and rubber bullets for your practice."

"You can also try filling your Aura inside the Aura bullets and get used to it...

I know you have already formed your Aura core."

Alaric smiled as he gave the box to Damian, who remained shocked by how his father even found out about him forming the core.

He had not used Aura when he was having dinner with his family and even his mother didn’t notice anything special.

"... How did you find out?"

Damian could not help but voice out his doubts, confusion spread across his face again.

"Hehe... Let’s keep it a secret. Just like you have your own secrets for forming your core in such a short time.

I have some of my own too."

Alaric gave a mischievous laugh as he winked at his son and left the training room.

He was surprised as to how his son managed to form his core so fast.

But he didn’t want to question him and put him on spot.

Secrets related to your powers should be known to as few people as possible.

****

Damian stood speechless for a long time after Alaric left.

He was supposed to be the one behaving differently after gaining those memories.

But his father was the one who suddenly became mysterious in his eyes.

And more importantly...

"Since when did he start teasing me like that?"

"Sigh... forget it, just like Dad said, everyone has their own secrets.

It is a good reminder to never be over confident in this world. We never know what the capabilities of our enemies can be."

Damian’s expression became somewhat solemn.

He knew he needed to change his mentality that was still stuck in the common sense of his previous world.

This earth... was not his old earth.

He stood there reflecting and setting his thoughts straight.

After some time, he moved his focus towards the box his father left.

Opening the box, Damian instantly fell in love with the black gun that was placed inside it neatly.

The gun was placed inside a black holster.

It had silver engravings on it and was made of a material that he didn’t recognize.

Holding the gun in his hand, it felt a bit heavy but comfortable.

Its barrel was rectangular and below the grip, there was a place to insert the magazines.

If there was one word Damian could use to describe the gun, then it was...

"Beautiful."

There was also a license card placed inside the box with his name on it.

He immediately put it inside the space of the holster.

Looking at the magazines placed inside the box, he put the extra two in the space provided in the holster and took one of them and filled it with rubber bullets.

He took his aim without focusing much on the target placed inside the room and started shooting.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

He went close to the target and saw those three bullets with each being stuck to its head, heart and... private part.

"Still got it."

Damian was pleased with his precision. Although he saw the shooting skill in his status. He wanted to make sure if his skills were the same as his previous life.

"I can already shoot with near perfection accuracy. Wonder what the higher levels of shooting skill will mean... "

"Hmm... I remember mom talking about changing the trajectories of the bullets when scolding dad in the morning.

Maybe it is done with the help of controlling things with our mind.

And the mind will surely be related to will power. More powerful the will power, more powerful the mind.

Let’s see if my Will stat is enough to manipulate things with my mind."

Without waiting a moment, he started focusing his mind on the bullet whenever he clicked the trigger.

And the result was... a massive failure.

Talk less about manipulating. His thoughts could not keep up with the speed of the bullet itself.

"Sigh.. I’m still new to all this. Let’s first try manipulating a still object."

After spending hours, Damian finally managed to move a bullet placed on the ground a little.

"Finally!"

He spent the entire night focusing on manipulation and getting used to filling the aura bullets with his aura.

And before he knew it, the morning sun was already out.

"Knock! Knock!"

"Brother, Mom and Dad went to work saying something urgent came up.

Can you give me a ride to the school?"

As Damian was focusing on the bullet in front of him with bloodshot eyes. The voice of his sister came from outside the door.