Chapter 32: Is He Mentally Well?

"All members of the council have an Aura jamming device given to them.

Whenever you find a situation about to go bad in the Academy, you can use them to restrain the perpetrators.

Remember, students are not allowed to engage in unregulated combat.

Only the fights presided by any professors are legitimate."

Both Damian and Micheal nodded their heads.

"Here, take these badges. You will have to wear them starting tomorrow. They indicate your status as one of us."

Elizabeth handed them a black square shaped badge with stars on it.

Damian’s badge held the initials DC whereas Michael’s badge held the initials CC, representing the committees they both belonged to.

"Every morning and afternoon we hold meetings and eat our food together alongside.

We are responsible for deciding almost everything in the academy.

It also includes the academy events, and the next week we have decided to let the clubs recruit first year students.

We all will be responsible for handling any situation that may arise.

The Disciplinary Committee will patrol the campus and Clubs Committee will see that everything is handled well.

Alright, since it’s getting late. Everyone is dismissed."

As soon as Elizabeth mentioned that, everyone started leaving one by one.

But Damian noticed that Arielle, Gareth, Naomi, Liam and Elizabeth herself remained seated.

As if sensing his gaze, Elizabeth spoke.

"You stay here Damian. The rest of you can leave."

Micheal looked confused but left as well.

Soon it was just Damian and the others who held the highest power in the Academy.

’What is this about...’

As Damian was wondering why he was told to wait, it was Gareth who broke the silence.

"All of us present here know about your involvement with the Shadow Council.

The ambush yesterday was just the start, I’m afraid.

We have received intel that this organization is infiltrating Tranquil city very fast.

It seems they plan to create chaos here as well.

Since you are already on their list. I suggest not going out of the Academy for some time.

Let the SFD handle this."

Damian had no objection towards this. He already planned on getting stronger first.

"I wasn’t planning on going out before I broke through D rank anyways."

"..."

"..."

All of them looked surprised by these words.

"You think rising ranks is so easy? It takes a long time before reaching high ranks.

In our Academy, students reach rank D by the end of their second year."

Arielle asked curiously.

Damian just shrugged his shoulders. Not caring about their doubts.

They didn’t know about his Will stat being high.

Breathing technique had a very fast progress rate for him as he guided his Aura with his will power.

He assumed he would be reaching C rank by the end of first year.

But he didn’t plan on letting anyone know his full capabilities.

"Alright, We just wanted to warn you about the organization. You can leave as well now."

But Damian looked towards Elizabeth first and as if understanding what he would say, Elizabeth waved her hand and an axe appeared in her hand.

She tossed it towards Damian, who caught it easily.

"..."

"..."

As Damian left the council room, silence enveloped it.

"... Was that his weapon of choice?"

Gareth asked, looking surprised.

"I saw him coming back from the forest..."

Both Gareth and Arielle exchanged knowing looks after hearing that.

"What’s wrong?"

Liam asked, looking at the exchange between his seniors.

"Sigh... It seems that guy chose Abyssal Slaughter weapon art."

Arielle sighed as she explained to everyone the consequences.

"Ever since the Academy was established, no one has been able to achieve much in this art.

Some were not even able to initiate it.

It’s not that it is very hard, it is the same as other SS level weapon arts. But the fault lies in its principle.

In order to master it, or even initiate it. The user must have the belief that in order to kill or defeat his enemy, only one strike is enough.

The stronger the belief, the more the art will resonate with you.

There is no room for any doubt."

Elizabeth, Liam and Naomi who were hearing about this for the first time, had looks of awe on their faces.

"And it is not just that. There are no techniques, no levels, no style or anything at all.

It is just a simple and plain swinging of an axe.

Something about some sort of alignment and rhythm.

But what kind of weapon art doesn’t have any such things?

It is like everything is based on some illusory concepts and blind faith..."

Gareth said with a gloomy face as he continued after Arielle finished with frustration clear in his voice.

"Did anyone from your batch try this art?" Elizabeth asked curiously.

Arielle remained quiet as a sad expression took over her face.

Gareth sighed as he answered her.

"One of our friends tried to learn it. He managed to initiate the art, but it took him a long time.

When he faced off against a strong monster on the battlefield, he finally couldn’t maintain his belief that he only needed one strike to kill.

And in the end... in the end his head was ripped off before anyone could help him."

Silence filled the room as everyone showed a gloomy expression on their faces.

Everyone present had someone they lost on the battlefield.

When they joined the Academy, all of them were like Victor, having noble pride and what not.

But when they went to the battlefields, they finally realized how foolish they were.

They should have spent more time training than having pride over their minor accomplishments.

When the enemy is trying to take your life, they won’t see your accomplishments.

They would just see you are human.

And hence, their enemy.

"... On a side note. We have our first ever commoner in the student council."

Liam tried changing the mood of the room, as he chuckled.

"It would be good if he were someone restrained. I saw the CCTV footage of the Norrington incident as well.

He is not someone who would care for authority.

That is the reason I wanted him in the Disciplinary Committee in the first place.

With that status, maybe less fools would try to mess with him.

But I have one doubt... is he mentally well?" Arielle looked towards Elizabeth as she asked.

Gareth, Liam and Naomi also looked towards her.

All of them knew that she had a seer innate skill.

"... He is not our enemy." Elizabeth replied hesitantly.

"That is not what she asked, Elizabeth..."

Even Gareth was now starting to look a little worried.

He was the strongest student in the academy in terms of combat strength.

There was not much that he feared. But it was his first time seeing Elizabeth avoid answering a question.

Liam also couldn’t hold back and expressed his worries.

"Yesterday, when Boss and I went to help him. He was standing there with a sword impaled in his stomach... holding a shopping bag."

"..."

"..."

"..."

"S-shopping bag? With a sword impaled!?"

Naomi, who was listening from the side, was already scared to the point of shivering.

She was a person who always became anxious and scared easily.

Now even Arielle started wondering if she made a wrong decision in recruiting Damian.

"When I asked him what happened his reply was... he got drunk."

"Okay! Liam that’s enough. Stop trying to make it seem like something is wrong with his brain. It is not that bad!"

Elizabeth couldn’t hold back as she shouted at Liam, trying to keep him shut.

Liam made a zip-closing gesture with his fingers on his mouth.

"... I only had one vision regarding him for now. And all I can say is, don’t try to be his enemy."

"I-isn’t he just a B ranked talent?"

Naomi spoke with some fear in her eyes.

"Lilly, can you tell me about his talent?"

Elizabeth also had some doubts, so she asked Admin AI.

[Beep! Gia forbade me to access his details.]

Silence filled the room again.

This was the greatest surprise till now. Every student had a test of their talents during the entrance exam.

Even top SS ranked individuals had their talent information given to the Student Council by Gia, Admin AI’s main consciousness.

And even Elizabeth’s SSS talent was known to everyone present here.

So Gia, hiding the data of Damian was an even more disturbing factor.

It indirectly let them understand that there was something special about Damian, and he was not at all a B ranked talent.