Chapter 13: What the...

As Damian stepped outside the SFD building, he saw his father standing there and waving at him.

He also noticed that the sky had started to darken.

As he stepped closer to him, without wasting any time he stepped inside their car.

Alaric also sat in the car and started driving before opening his mouth to speak.

"They didn’t do anything illegal inside did they?"

"Not really, just asked some random questions."

"Hmm. I see."

After this, there was no talk and the ride was very awkward. And at some, Damian opened his mouth again.

"... Where are we going?"

"To your uncle’s place. Your mother and sister are there waiting for you.

You have some injuries and given the nature of today’s incident, it’s best to get your treatment done quietly."

The uncle Alaric was talking about was his younger brother, Sebastian Valcor.

He was a scientific genius in the medical field.

He was an A rank expert who had learned many skills related to the medical field and was behind many recent medical breakthroughs.

In the current world, despite the addition of magical elements and aura, science also evolved.

Many breakthroughs and inventions were happening everyday. And it seemed like a golden era for Research and development.

It was thanks to scientists and their inventions, that humanity was able to fight the monsters head on.

In simple words, scientists were like celebrities now.

But his father didn’t get along well with his younger brother due to some reason, but that did not mean there was any hatred between them. In the past 15 years, they only met a few times.

As Damian was immersed in his thoughts, the car came to a stop.

"We have arrived, let’s go inside quickly. I’m sure you must be quite hungry as well."

As soon as Damian and Alaric stepped inside the house.

They saw Lyandra and Luna sitting with a lean bespectacled man on a sofa.

"Brother!"

As soon as Luna saw Damian, she sprung up from the sofa and came running towards her brother.

But as she got closer to him, instead of hugging her, he slapped her hard across her face.

"Slap!"

The slap was so hard, Luna fell to the ground with her hairs covering her face.

"Damian!"

"Damy!!!"

Alaric and Luna both shouted at him, appalled as to why he slapped his sister.

From his childhood till now, Damian never raised his hand against her.

Yet now he did it. And with so much force.

As they were looking at him, expecting him to explain.

He looked completely tired and spoke in a voice filled with fatigue.

"Just see the CCTV footage of the incident, I know you must have gotten hold of it from the SFD as well."

As soon as he finished speaking, he moved straight towards Sebastian who was moving his eyes everywhere, as if to avoid looking at the family drama.

"I am quite injured uncle, let’s go to your clinic room."

"Ah yes, Let’s go, it’s really good to see you after so many years Damy!"

As if he just found some excuse to escape the awkwardness, Sebastian hurriedly led his nephew to a quiet room.

****

"... So many wounds... you really had a tough day huh."

"It was quite alright."

"Hehe... you have really changed a lot since the last time I saw you. But I think it’s for the better."

Damian didn’t know what his uncle meant by the change being better. But he was too tired to care.

"Let’s remove the scars as well."

"No... don’t remove them."

"Hmm?"

Sebastian tilted his head in confusion to this sudden request before speaking.

"But it won’t take much effort to remove them using my skills, you know. Not to mention, you have quite an ugly scar on your face as well."

Damian looked at himself in the mirror given by Sebastian.

There was a scar that stretched from his forehead on the left side of the face, to his Left eyebrow.

He looked quite menacing with this new addition.

He probably got this scar when he was knocked against the wall head-first during the bomb blast.

"It’s fine. I want to keep the scar as a reminder to be alert all the time."

That was not the main reason he wanted to keep it.

Damian wanted to keep the scar till he killed every single member of the organization responsible for this attack.

It will serve as the reminder. Reminder that he was nothing more than an ant.

An ant so small that even the lowest dregs of society managed to harm.

His eyes emitted a cold light as his mind was filled with vengeful thoughts.

Ever since Damian has gotten his past memories. He found himself becoming more and more vengeful day by day.

Sebastian just shrugged his shoulders before bringing him something to eat.

After that he was left alone in that same room.

"Status."

━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Name: Damian Valcor

Age: 15

Rank: F-

Talent: S

Core Attributes:

Strength: 12 → 15

Speed: 13 → 17

Stamina: 15 → 19

Vitality: 20 → 22

Aura: F

Will: 120 → 129

Skills: —

Shooting: C+ → B-

Hand Combat: B

Aura Control: E → E+

Weapon Arts: —

━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Training was after all just training. Looking at the impressive change in his stats and skills, Damian now knew one more way to get power.

He needed to get proficient in manipulating bullets using his mind as well.

Today’s incident taught him the value of guns in this world.

It was no less than the value of other weapons.

Every weapon was in the end a means to display your power.

But soon Damian’s mind was filled with thoughts of Luna.

’Sigh...’

The reason he slapped her was obvious.

Standing in front of the hostages, raising voice against the leader, becoming an intentional target.

He would be a fool to not guess her thoughts.

She wanted to save others. And didn’t want them getting killed.

So she chose to die herself.

Others might not come to the same conclusion looking at the footage. But Damian knew. He knew her the best in this world.

’She is too damn good for this world...’

As his thoughts were restless, Damian found himself not being able to train at all.

Just as he was getting frustrated, the door of the room he was resting in opened and Luna with her head down and eyes puffy entered.

She stood there. Not moving an inch.

"Come here."

Luna flinched at the cold voice. But still came closer to him.

"Sit down."

As Luna sat down in front of him, Damian reached out his hand, grabbed her by her collar and brought her face closer to his face.

As their faces were so close that they felt each other’s breath, he spoke in a very low voice.

"You know... ever since I regained my memories, I didn’t know how to express myself. So I acted.

I acted just like my past self. But you saw through it. You said I can be my true self with you and you won’t judge.

But I don’t even know what I have become.

But there is one thing that I am not!

I am not the same kind Damian who would treat you kindly for your stupid mistakes.

I am not the Damian who is a fool.

Just like you can see through me. I can see through you.

So Luna Alaric... I will give you one last warning.

If you EVER dare to put your life on the line for some fools that I couldn’t care less about..."

Damian paused for some time. And used his other hand to raise her chin, making sure she looked directly at his eyes.

"I will kill each and everyone of them. I will kill each and every person you tried to save by putting your life on the line.

Any fool can die. Dying is easy. If you are so bloody kind... GET POWER!"

Luna looked at her brother, the emotions radiating from him. She saw so much fear that it nearly overwhelmed her.

She knew. She knew he was scared. He was not angry. He was scared to lose her.

She diverted her eyes from his intense anger filled ones.

But Damian again forced her to look at him. Now even their foreheads were touching.

She was filled with so many emotions she couldn’t even describe what she felt right now but Damian continued.

"Look at me! Listen clearly because I will not repeat this ever again!

I forbid you to die!!! I forbid you to leave me!!! I forbid you to ever do this to me again!!!"

Damian didn’t know what was happening to his emotions. But he just couldn’t stop.

What he didn’t know was that his eyes were filled with tears as he was yelling at her.

"I-"

Before he could continue... he found Luna’s soft lips capturing his own.

He froze completely.

Luna’s kiss was forceful. Her eyes were also filled with tears.

She understood his emotions and she wanted to comfort him.

She didn’t know what took over her but she didn’t stop, she kept kissing more and more.

She leaned on top of him, pushing him down on the bed.

Damian was still utterly stupified. He couldn’t process all this.

He always thought of her as his sister and never looked at her any other way.

He never imagined he would ever be in such a situation.

The kiss continued for a long time, before Luna pulled away.

Looking at Damian’s eyes, with her own filled with shyness and her cheeks red.

She whispered pantingly for the first time she entered the room.

"... If you ever dare to hit me again... I will punish you."

And then without waiting for Damian’s reply, she ran outside the room.

Damian was utterly floored, his mind filled with the words Luna said.

’What the...’

As Damian was filled with complex emotions towards Luna, fatigue started taking hold of him.

So he slumbered into his dreams, dreams which were very interesting for the first time.