Chapter 19: Orientation

’At this rate, I really might end up developing an acting skill.’

As Damian entered his room, he couldn’t help but think of the words Luna said, and laughed.

He didn’t know why Elizabeth Murdock was helping him so much or rather... why she was interested in matters related to him from the start.

But he wouldn’t trust her completely before figuring out her reasons as well as getting hold of some of her weaknesses.

Although she did seem nice and all, even helping him with his matters.

"Let’s start today’s breathing exercises... Becoming strong is the first priority."

****

By the time Damian opened his eyes, the sun was already shining through the window.

’Sigh... I will be late to orientation for sure.’

He sighed, looking at the time, he was already 10 minutes late.

Freshening up quickly, He opened his closet to find the Academy uniform.

It was already delivered here the day before yesterday.

He half expected himself to be disappointed with the uniform, but who would have thought that it would perfectly suit his taste.

The uniform consisted of a black pant, crimson blazer and a light grey shirt alongside a black tie.

A symbol of a black square shaped shield with stars was embroidered on the blazer and shirt. It was the symbol of the Stormhold Academy.

Before putting on the blazer, Damian placed his gun holster at his waist as well.

Since he had the lisence to carry the weapon. There was no problem with carrying the gun on him.

Students from Noble families would also carry their weapons inside their space rings.

But Damian had the habit of carrying the weapons at his waist from his past life.

And he didn’t ask his parents for a space ring for now. He didn’t know how much it cost and didn’t want to burden them.

"Hmm.. this uniform matches perfectly with my crimson hair and eyes."

After he put on the blazer, he looked in the mirror, admiring himself.

"Now that I think about it, this world is filled with beautiful people. Maybe it’s the effect of Aura.

Anyways, I better get moving fast. I’m already running late."

****

Inside the Great Hall where Orientation was taking place.

It was already filled with students of all 4 years.

On the stage, Elizabeth was standing at the center alongside other Student Council members.

New students were discussing among themselves, clearly excited about their future.

"I’m so excited... I can finally start breathing exercises after today."

"Yeah, I can’t wait to develop my skills."

"I’m looking forward to meeting with the Professors, I heard we have the best of each field teaching in the Academy."

"We have Professor Ashford here as well, he is one of the most famous celebrities in the world right now!"

"But I don’t see any professors present here?"

"You fool... Student Council is the one responsible for everything inside the Academy.

They are also the ones handling the Orientation for new students every year.

We will meet with the Professors in our classes."

As the students were discussing among themselves, Elizabeth Murdock stepped forward in front of the Mike and coughed.

Immediately, all the noise and chatters inside the hall stopped.

Looking at the now silent crowd, Elizabeth opened her mouth.

"While I appreciate the enthusiasm the new students have, I would like for you all to remain quiet from now on.

My name is Elizabeth Murdock and I’m the Student Council President of this Academy.

I’m currently in my third year and standing behind me are the other members of the student council.

I want you to remember the face of each and everyone standing on this stage.

All the members of the student council hold the authority to decide everything in the academy. They are excellent talents in their respective fields.

And most important of all... they are the strongest students in the academy."

Awe could be seen on the new students’ faces.

They had heard about many of the strong student council members and their achievements.

Now looking at them, especially the most talented Student Council President, standing in front of them.

They were finding it hard to maintain their composure.

"Our Academy is the strongest Academy in the entire Earth Federation and it is thanks to the effort of all our predecessors and seniors.

Each and every student of the Academy holds the responsibility to uphold its honour.

I look forward to the day when many of you hold the right to stand beside us on this stage.

Each of you has the talent and chance to achieve great things in your life.

You all must have heard already, our Academy has the strongest fatality rate among every academy in the Federation.

The reason for that is, from your second year onwards, you will be sent to missions and trials to hunt monsters beyond the portals.

So cherish your time properly and train well in your first year.

I don’t want to see you die in your second year."

Silence spread throughout the hall as the cold voice of Elizabeth echoed.

Even the older students now held solemn expressions on their faces. They had lost many of their friends before, so they knew whatever was being said right now, was 100% true.

"Now I call upon the highest ranking student of First year, to deliver a speech for your fellow stu-"

Before she could finish, a loud thud spread across the hall and a dashing looking crimson haired youth entered the hall through the main door.

****

As Damian opened the door and entered the hall, he found himself subjected to the stares of everyone present.

’Well...looks like I entered through the wrong door’

As he sighed, he looked towards the stage where Elizabeth was standing and staring at him with an amused face.

Before he could open his mouth, she broke the silence first.

"Junior Damian... I told you yesterday to arrive on time for the Orientation.

Nevermind, please find a seat for yourself fast."

Bowing slightly towards her, Damian ignored the stern gazes of other Student council members and took the first seat he could find.

As he was sitting, a golden haired boy beside him stood up while giving him a glare and went towards the stage.

’What’s his problem?’

Shaking his head, he closed his eyes and tried to get some rest.

He spent the whole night doing breathing exercises and forgot to sleep, feeling a bit exhausted.

As he was resting, the golden haired boy went on the stage and stood in front of the mike.

"Good Morning my fellow students. My name is Micheal Thorne and I ranked first, this year, in the Entrance Exams.

I’m honored to be allowed the opportunity to address everyone.

I hope all the first years, including myself, will not disappoint our seniors in the coming years and will make them proud of our achievements.

Our journey has just begun and I hope everyone remains diligent throughout the year.

And I hope all my fellow students will not follow in the example of the one who arrived late just now.

It is students like him, who I believe will be among the first ones to be either expelled or die while fighting against the monsters.

Thank you and have a good day."

’Oh boy...’

Standing beside Micheal Thorne, Elizabeth couldn’t help but pity the first ranked student.

Even though he was very talented with SS rank talent. He was currently not at Damian’s level to be showing such an attitude.

Calling out and disrespecting him was completely unnecessary.

As expected, all the students started murmuring among themselves. Some felt the same as Micheal, whereas others thought it wasn’t right to point him out like that.

"Sheesh... this Micheal fellow is ruthless."

"Well he is from an Imperial family, prideful by nature."

"He probably felt irritated that the spotlight was stolen by that Damian fellow."

"I think he is foolish, even the President didn’t berate that guy and even knew him... there is more to him than we know."

"... It seems like it."

As the students were discussing, Damian opened his eyes, he clearly heard everything that was being spoken about him.

But he couldn’t care less about what a Noble brat thought of him.

Although... he wouldn’t tolerate anyone disrespecting him.

As a Mafia Boss in his past life, he knew how important public image was.

If he allowed anyone to step over his head, his words and name would lose all credibility.

And so... he stood up.