Chapter 12: Suspicious

It was said that the human brain had a so-called last self-defense mechanism.

When we are in so much pain that we can’t bear to live, our brain will erase the reason behind the pain from our memories.

It will make it seem like it never happened at all.

Maybe it was because of that self-defense mechanism... Damian completely forgot the dream he had when he was sleeping.

"Bang!"

He woke up confused to the sound of a notebook being splashed on the table.

Opening his tired eyes, he saw a tall woman with long black hair and wearing a black leather jacket and jeans sitting right in front of him with her arms crossed.

"Mr. Damian Valcor, I’m Ashley Blackheart, an officer of SFD. I am here to talk with you about what happened today.

And to get your testimony and the motive behind your actions."

Ashley spoke first, introducing herself in a formal way.

Damian eyed the officer seated in front of him and the officer standing behind her.

"... Motive?"

"Yes. Mr Valcor, perhaps you might wanna explain why the unnecessary torture of the leader was committed by you.

We understand your motives behind the killing and torture of the previous terrorists, but torturing the leader after incapacitating him and making sure he could not speak or participate in further interrogations was completely unnecessary.

We could have gotten so much important intel about the organization behind this group.

We could have found more about their allies that might be hiding.

We could have also investigated how they managed to hide all these activities from security personnel and launch an unprecedented attack like this.

But... you left him in no state to answer anything."

Damian adjusted the way he sat on the chair.

His face and clothes were covered in blood and his red eyes and hair made it a very chilling sight when he smiled.

With one leg resting on the other and his right hand holding his chin as he leaned against the chair, Damian kept his silence for some time.

Brian and Ashley’s complexion was starting to become solemn and just when Brian opened his mouth to say something, Damian replied.

"What are you trying to say, officer?"

"We have suspicions regarding your involvement in all this."

"Hmmm... funny. Instead of being thanked for saving everyone, I have somehow become a suspect?"

"We are not saying you are a suspect Mr Valcor.

You see... There are many points I can make that show how suspicious you are.

"Go ahead." Damian waved his hand as his smile never wavered.

Ashley gestured toward Brian to stop the official recording before speaking.

"This was your first time killing someone according to the data we have gathered.

Yet you killed in a very practiced way?"

"I had just survived a bomblast and there were enemies running around killing people.

The last thing on mind would be to show mercy.

As for why I was calm despite it being my first time killing someone?

Maybe because it was the adrenaline or the fact that my sister was in harm’s way.

I couldn’t care less about the terrorists I was killing."

"The way you killed and tortured. Everything is like how a criminal would do.

And make no mistake, I have many years of experience catching criminals.

So tell me, are you a criminal?"

"No. Next question please."

"How did you learn all of this?"

"Human anatomy."

"This is not a joke Valcor! Answer me truthfully!

Everything you did could only be done if you had practiced all this before!"

"I learned about the things that can cause intense pain in Human anatomy and I applied it."

"Why did you leave the leader half-dead?"

Damian remained silent after this question, gone was the smile from his face.

"If I had enough time, I would have tortured him even more...The man had the audacity to point a gun at my sister.

I don’t care for the laws or humanity... If someone tries to put their hands on my family, they would beg to be handed over to SFD.

I will be completely honest with you Officer.

If even the high authorities of the Federation tried to harm my family, I would make sure to do the same to them."

Ashley, with a furious face, started releasing her aura, but seeing no change in the expression on Damian’s face, she retracted it.

"Mind your words Valcor... these statements are quite treasonous."

"Instead of doing your jobs correctly, all you can do is try intimidating a 15-year old.

That’s what SFD is all about. You couldn’t stop the attack and yet here you are, accusing the one who did your job.

I have to say, I’m quite disappointed with the SFD.

You guys didn’t even provide me with medical treatment when I came willing for your interrogation.

Let’s end this farce here. I’m tired and you have no grounds to keep me here.

If you have any evidence against me about my involvement with the terrorists, go ahead and arrest me.

If not, then think with your brains if you have any in the first place.

My own sister was about to die. And you find me suspicious?"

Before Damian finished speaking, he had already stood up.

He walked out of the door, leaving Brian and Ashley pale-faced.

Brian hesitated before opening his mouth.

"... He is right. I don’t think you should have accused him from the start ma’am."

"I’m not dumb Brian. I know he was not involved with this group.

But then how do you describe all this?!?"

Ashley pointed towards the CCTV footage as both of them also stepped out of the room.

"Even if he is not connected to this group. There are still many organizations in the world.

Just look at his record. All his data. Do you find any similarities between the data given and the person you just saw?

Did he look like just another bored kid waiting to join the academy?

Everything described in the data is completely wrong!

His behavior is completely different. There are no criminal records. Everything is just too fucking clean!"

Brian was starting to realize why his superior was so much serious about this.

"The kid has been sent an invitation by Stormhold. But the reason for the invitation is described as theoretical excellence.

Nothing about his physical results was as impressive as he displayed.

True, he might have started breathing exercises but only a day has passed since the results were announced and he accepted the invitation.

Nothing makes sense.

It is like this Damian is a completely different person from the one who is described in the data.

And the main reason I’m thinking so much about all this is that this kid managed to kill 67 terrorists, their entire main force, all by himself when he was just an F Rank awakened.

If he really is connected to some sort of criminal organization, we would regret not taking any action in the future.

Things are becoming very chaotic in the last few years and monsters are also behaving differently.

The higher ups are worried, if things really go South, then maybe these criminal organizations would be the first ones to join hands with our enemies."

All the officers hearing the conversation between Brian and Ashley were also wearing solemn faces now.

After a brief silence, Ashley spoke again.

"Send everything we discovered to the Federation and Stormhold academy.

And make sure to remove the records of Damian Valcor being present in today’s incident.

Also, send a request to make his data classified as Rank S."

"knock! Knock!"

Just when she finished speaking there was a knock on the door and another officer entered.

"... We have found the name of the organization behind the attacks.

It is the Shadow Council."

Everyone’s complexion became gloomy as soon as the name of the organization was spoken.