Chapter 40: Bloody Night

In the document given by Professor Seraphina, it was mentioned that members of the Shadow Council were staying in Sigmund Hotel.

And their main base of operations was the top floor of the Quintin Skyscraper next to it.

Only at night time would almost all the members of the Shadow Council branch of Tranquil city gather to discuss their plans at the top floor.

But there were a few exceptions of course.

The one who ran the base of operations in the day time, a man by the name of Thomas Vander, would usually take his time off at night, along with some of his subordinates.

Today was one such day.

After getting tired of the daily operations, Thomas was lying in his bathtub with a glass of wine placed on the side.

*Tik*

He was wearing a white robe, listening to the music, when he suddenly heard the door of his bathroom click open.

"I didn’t order any room service. So don’t bother me in my time of peace."

He didn’t even look behind as his eyes remained closed. He was very tired from making arrangements for all members to arrive and settle easily in this city.

But after some time passed by, he still didn’t hear the sound of the door closing.

Feeling irritated, he turned his head around to yell at the stupid room service guy, but as soon as he turned around, a sharp glass pierced his right eye.

"Argh!!!"

As he was writhing in pain, he felt someone grab his hair and pull his head up.

A guy in a black suit wearing a helmet and holding a gun with his other hand entered his sight.

"Wh-who are you!??"

****

A few minutes earlier.

As soon as Damian entered the Sigmund Hotel, he went to a room on the ground floor, where one of the members of Shadow Council was meant to keep an eye on everyone coming and going out of the Hotel.

"Knock! Knock!"

Damian knocked on the door and placed his right ear on it.

As soon as he heard someone about to reach the door, he kicked the door open.

"BAM!!"

The door hit the guy who was about to open the door, but before he could shout, Damian released his Aura and closed his mouth with one of his hands.

He used his other hand to repeatedly punch the guy’s neck with Aura infused in those punches.

His Hand combat skill was coming to clear use in this situation.

His Aura was so concentrated that no amount of it was wasted. It was all thanks to his Aura Magnification reaching 1x level.

Soon that guy stopped breathing.

He was an E ranked enemy, but Damian’s actions were so practiced that he didn’t even give the poor guy a chance to release his Aura.

"... One down. Let’s speed it up."

Damian then calmly left the room and closed the door, before heading towards the lift.

He clicked the button to the top floor, as that whole floor was booked by the Shadow Council members.

Only one of their members was on the ground floor currently as all others were in the skyscraper next to this hotel.

’There should be about 4-5 enemies on the top floor alongside a high level target named Thomas Vander.’

As soon as the lift’s door opened. Damian came face to face with one of the members of the Shadow Council.

Before that guy reacted, Damian grabbed his collar and pulled him inside the lift.

But clearly this opponent was not someone easy to deal with.

When Damian started using his Aura, the enemy reacted in time and did the same.

Both of them were locked in close combat where Damian’s Hand combat skill’s high level finally showed some value.

Using his Macro Vision, he found the enemy’s weak points and quickly retaliated.

But the enemy was a D- ranked opponent. Even though Damian has the situation under his control, he was still losing crucial time before others reacted.

So he pulled out his gun with one hand and held the enemy’s mouth open with the other.

"N-!"

"BAM!"

Before he could shout, Damian inserted the gun in his mouth and shot.

Blood and brain matter splattered on the walls of Lift as Damian stood up and adjusted his clothes.

"... Good thing my gun was modified by Professor Blackwood."

The gun itself made no noise after shooting, but the noise of Aura bullets hitting the target couldn’t be suppressed.

The sound of the head bursting had still managed to alert an enemy who was heading towards the lift.

"Don’t move!"

Damian lifted his hands in a mock surrender as the enemy pointed his own gun towards him.

But before the enemy could shoot his gun, a knife pierced his throat from behind.

Puchi

"Gurgle!!"

Damian walked towards the falling guy as he clutched the knife and let the poor guy fall to the ground.

’Telekinesis is strong as well. Although I need to increase its level more.

If this guy was a C Ranked enemy, my knife wouldn’t have pierced so easily.’

The enemy who had pointed his gun at Damian was a D ranked awakened and his own Telekinesis skill was D ranked as well.

That’s why he was able to penetrate his defenses with a surprise attack so easily.

Damian started walking towards the direction of Thomas Vander’s room. And as soon as he arrived at his desired location.

He saw Thomas’s guards standing outside, drinking wine.

He infused his Aura in the knife he was holding and threw it with the greatest force he could muster.

Puchi

The knife pierced through the throat of the first guard and was lodged directly at the forehead of the other smaller-in-height guard.

"Argh!!!" The guy whose throat was pierced through stood holding his throat as Damian shoved him away by his face, as he got closer.

Before entering the room, Damian waved his hand as a piece of glass from the broken wine glass came floating to his hand.

****

Back to the present time.

"Wh-who are you!??"

’Hmm... for a C rank awakened like him, I guess I need to use Omega Point weapon Art. His skin must be thick after all.’

"Omega Point."

Before Thomas could react, Damian pointed his gun at him as he held his head up with the other hand and shot.

"BAM!!!"

Omega Point was clearly very powerful, as Thomas’s whole head burst apart like a watermelon.

Blood and brain matter spread across the room as Damian’s suit was also drenched with it.

"Tsk... another good suit wasted."

Damian clicked his tongue as he tried to remove the brain matter from his coat using Thomas’s robe.

"Now that these guys are taken care of. Better move to the main dish before they react."

He headed towards the terrace of the Hotel through the stairway.

Cold winds hit his face as he removed his helmet and looked at the top floor of the Skyscraper next to the hotel.

Using his Macro Vision skill, he saw about 23 people gathered there having a meeting.

Their strength ranged from E+ rank to C- rank.

****

Inside the top floor of the Skyscraper.

The branch head of the Shadow Council, Lumian Wade, sat at the head seat.

He looked at the people who were sent by the higher-ups recently in order to kill a Stormhold Academy student named Damian Valcor.

According to the intel he received, this student was the one who managed to ruin their attempt at Norrington School previously.

And he was also the one who counter killed the squad that was sent to silent him last week.

"So... the higher-ups decided to send so many of you including some C- Ranked awakeners, just to silence a kid who is at most an E rank awakened?

Is this a joke!?"

Lumian was agitated. For the past few months he had been working silently to build a branch for the organization secretly in this city.

But ever since the failed ambush last week, SFD and the Police had started monitoring them.

All his hard work was ruined thanks to these incompetent fools who couldn’t take care of a recently awakened kid!

"... Don’t underestimate him, Lumian. We have already paid a price because of that."

One fat looking man seated at the end of the table spoke in a cautionary tone.

"Ridiculous! Hedmond, you have clearly lost your edge over the years. Just look at yourself.

You have become scared of a boy who just entered the world! What? Do you think that guy is so powerful that he can kill me?

Heh, I dare him to even st-"

"BAM!"

Everyone watched as Lumian’s head exploded before he could finish his sentence, in utmost terror.

"What!?"

"Where did the shot come from!?"

"Quick! Open the door and run!"

"BAM!!"

Before the fat guy named Hedmond could even open the door, his head also burst apart as well.

"NO!!"

"Hide behind the table!!"

"Call Thomas and ask for reinforcement!!"

"I-I don’t wanna die..."

"Is the SFD after us!?!"

Panic filled the room as everyone tried to find a safe place to hide.