Chapter 9: Monster

"Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!"

Multiple gun shots rang inside the seminar hall as everyone covered their eyes.

Not wanting to see Luna being shot at point blank.

"AHH!!!"

But what followed was the scream of the terrorist leader.

Opening their eyes, the scene before them left them unable to believe the reality it presented.

All the terrorists except their leader, were lying on the ground with wide open eyes.

And the leader... was holding his hand while screaming in agony.

"Brother!!!"

It was Luna’s voice that brought them back from their daze.

Their eyes followed Luna as she ran and hugged a man standing at the entrance, whose clothes and hairs were dyed with blood.

The man stood there while holding a gun pointed at the leader.

’So it was him... ’

Everyone came to the same conclusion in their minds, that the bloodied man was the one who took down all the terrorists alone... before they could even react.

****

Luna stood in front of the terrorist leader with his gun pointed at her head, waiting for her inevitable end.

Her thoughts flashed back to her ’brother’.

Ever since Luna could remember, she had called him her brother. As it should be.

But when she grew up, she found herself really not wanting to address him as her brother.

She didn’t know why she felt like this all of a sudden. But she just didn’t like it.

’It’s not like we are related by blood or anything... ’

Ever since she got to know this fact, nothing really changed for her.

She still loved him the same like she always did.

But she started feeling flustered around him.

She was more and more confused, so she just stopped thinking eventually.

But yesterday morning, for the first time, she saw her brother radiating so much negativity, and ... loneliness.

She realized her brother really had changed like her parents told.

He was still himself. She could see his emotions towards their parents and her own self remained the same, if not, became even more intense.

But all the happiness he used to exude was shredded to pieces.

All she could see now was red and black color which represented negative emotions.

She could see all of this thanks to her innate skill.

Luna was born with an innate skill which let her see a person’s emotions.

Thanks to this skill she could always make wise decisions.

So when she saw her brother feeling so lonely, she couldn’t help herself and hugged him when they finally got some alone time while riding the bike.

There was a lot she wanted to say to him.

But she didn’t know how to put it into words. So she ended up murmuring about him being more attractive by the time she finished.

’Thankfully he didn’t hear that!’

Just thinking about that time even now made her cheeks pink from embarrassment.

As she was still in her thoughts, the cold muzzle of the gun now pressed against her head, woke her up from her thoughts.

The reason Luna stood up and voiced her thoughts in front of this man earlier was because she saw the killing intent swimming in his emotions.

She knew he would kill someone. So she stood up to be the one to take it.

She was no hero, but all those who were present were her friends and respected elders.

She didn’t want to lose anyone.

’I... I don’t want to die... but better me than anyone else.’

Filled with fear and uncertainty, she closed her eyes and awaited her end.

’I’m sorry brother...’

It was at this moment, the gun shots rang inside the hall.

Not feeling anything for some time, she opened her eyes in daze, before taking in the scene before her eyes.

Then she gazed towards the entrance where he stood panting.

Holding the gun aiming in her direction and his face filled with blood.

The two terrorists guarding the door were still in the midst of falling to the ground around him, holding their throats.

"Brother!!!" Luna yelled as she ran straight to her brother.

Tears gushed forth like a flood from her eyes as soon as she hugged him tightly.

Feeling his fast heartbeat and his arm around her, all her suppressed emotions came out as she cried like a child in his arms.

"It’s alright, I’m here now."

****

Damian was finally relieved to see his sister safe and sound in his arms.

Earlier, he had stormed through the door faster and cut the necks of the two terrorists standing there quickly before pulling out his gun and firing six bullets in a row.

He shot as fast as possible and made sure to kill every single one of the enemies present except the leader himself.

He only shot his hand holding the gun.

Looking at the man still screaming and rolling on the ground.

Damian moved slowly towards him while holding Luna’s hand.

All the students and teachers remained silent, feeling the oppressive atmosphere accompanying the man who looked very scary right now with all that blood on his face, clothes and hairs.

When he arrived in front of the man, he knelt in front of him before looking at Luna.

"Close your eyes."

Knowing the darkness her brother was exuding, Luna was worried but still closed her eyes.

Damian couldn’t care less for everyone else who was looking at what he was about to do.

He only cared for his sister and didn’t want her to witness a gore sight just yet.

Even though many bodies were lying on the ground, all of them died from either being shot or had their throats cut.

Everyone present could stomach this much.

But when Damian shoved his hand in the leader’s throat and cut off his tongue and threw it out in the open.

Everyone couldn’t handle the scene and started looking away. Some even started vomiting.

"Ahhhh!!!.. Nwoohh uize saap.. Ahhh!!!"

Even the bravest of the present people couldn’t help but feel a chill down their spine as hoarse screams of the terrorist rang out again and again, begging for Damian to stop.

But Damian didn’t stop.

He started with the tongue, then he took out both the eyes and crushed them with his foot.

He then cut off his ears, slowly. Making sure the man who pointed a goddamn gun at his sister would suffer more.

He would make sure to give him hell before he could die.

’Please hold on to your life and don’t die before I finish.’

After finishing with the ears, he moved towards the fingers of the remaining hand of the man.

His right hand that was holding the gun was already blown off when Damian shot him.

Time seemed to pass slowly.

Hoarse screams continued ringing inside the hall.

The leader of the terrorists now laid there on the ground, with his tongue gouged out, eye sockets empty, ears cut off and tendons removed.

He laid there in his pool of blood and piss.

But Damian was still not satisfied.

’He is still alive... let’s continue.’

But before he could continue, he felt his sister’s hand on his shoulder.

When he looked back at her, he saw her eyes still remained closed.

"Brother... let’s stop... please?"

Looking at her pale face, Damian realised it was time to take her out of this place.

When he looked around, he saw some students and teachers vomiting their guts out.

He saw the fear everyone had in their eyes when they looked at him like he was a monster.

That fear... was more than the one they had for terrorists.