Chapter 8: Equal Rights

Damian lifted the notebook and saw the information written by the man.

"Four terrorists left one this floor. Seems like I took everyone else out already."

Even though the man mentioned four of his allies present in the seminar hall. He didn’t trust it.

And from the information, it was mentioned only two were E rank experts.

The other two were at F rank like everyone else he killed.

He went straight to the seminar hall and held his gun in one hand for the first time.

He opened the door a little to get the grasp of the situation inside.

****

Inside the Seminar hall, all the students who were present on this floor, alongside the teachers who survived were cowering on the ground.

They were powerless to resist.

All the teachers who taught in the school were low rank experts. They could handle one or two E level experts on their own, but the terrorists came in great numbers.

If they made a move against one of them, the other would open fire on the students who were vulnerable to defend themselves.

So all they could do was shield the students and stand in front of them.

Not to mention the students, even they could not dodge bullets based on their abilities.

At most, they could harden their skin.

Hushed crying voices could be heard in the seminar hall reflecting the panic and trauma induced in the students from this incident.

"Miss Elliot! They shot Ronnie!"

"R-Ryan is dead!"

"What should we do?!? They will kill us just like they killed Mr. Patrick!"

"I...I don’t want to die!"

"Bini died protecting me... I... should be the one to die!"

Mutterings like this were spread around the seminar hall.

Everyone, students and their teachers alike, were filled with panic.

Sorrow and grief was thick in the hall.

"SILENCE!!!"

A Masked Terrorist, who acted like the leader, shouted loudly in an angry voice.

"If there is even a little voice from your mouth, We will fucking shoot you in the face!"

"Look at all of you! You look at us as if we are monsters.

But who is the real monster? Just because we killed some of your friends and teachers, are we the so-called monsters?!

What about The federation who stole all the equality rights from the citizens?

No more equality, no more laws, just a group of rich and powerful families dictating everything based on talent??

Their kids, when born with poor talents, could get the resources from them to make up for their lack of talent.

But what about all the poor kids, all the lower and middle class people!!!

All we get is a future where we can’t decide on our own what path we can take?!?

All the good jobs, all the power, all the high positions in organizations goes to the talented ones!

You think we will just wait to be starved? Wait to be left with no choice but to spend a life filled with poverty???

Or... just choose to be the dogs for them?!?"

NO!!! WE WILL HAVE EQUAL RIGHTS FOR OUR EVERY SINGLE DAMN PERSON ON THIS EARTH!!! JUST LIKE HOW IT USED TO BE!!!"

By the time the leader of the armed terrorists finished speaking, the seminar hall was filled with deafening silence.

Everyone was terrified of what he might do to them.

"... What does all this have to do with us students?"

Everyone among the hostages were horrified to find Luna standing up.

Mrs. Ariel, who was the Homeroom teacher of Luna’s class, was shocked before she stood in front of her student in a hurry.

"Please forgive her, she didn’t mean that, she is just traumatized."

In a hurry she apologized to the man before speaking to Luna.

"Sit down!!!"

Luna remained standing. No panic was visible on her face. Her face remained expressionless with no sign of fear shown in her eyes.

"No no no no no... It’s alright! it’s completely alright! You... yes you girl... come forward in front of me.

I really like your question. It is a very valid response to whatever I said."

Luna stepped in front of the man, despite her teacher urging her not to.

"Now... Go on. I would like to hear whatever you have to say."

"I... everything you mentioned, has nothing to do with us. We are just students, we can never decide all these things.

And taking us hostage will change nothing.

Instead of this, you could protest or file a case against the federation."

The leader remained silent for a long time. Before chuckling alongside The other seven terrorists present.

Yes, there are a total of eight terrorists present in the Hall with two each standing in front of the two entries, and the rest of the three standing behind the leader.

The information provided to Damian was indeed wrong.

All of the terrorists kept laughing until the leader replied,

"Case? Haha, you are just kids after all.

But one thing is right indeed. Nothing will change after just taking hostages once.

But what if there were more and more of such cases?

We will keep on taking hostages. Killing innocent people will make them buckle up in the end.

It is just a matter of how much can the federation really take?

They are, in all essence, a governing body... so they will eventually have to bend their knees to our wishes if they don’t want more and more instability on earth."

"But nevermind all this... You should worry more about your own life.

Don’t you remember what I just said?"

As soon as the man finished speaking he pointed his gun at Luna’s head before speaking again.

"If there is even a little voice... we will shoot you in the face!!!"

"Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!"

****

Damian peeped through the door of the seminar hall.

But just as he opened it a little, he moved back quickly.

Two terrorists were standing just behind the doors.

But thankfully they were paying attention to the hostages and didn’t notice him.

He saw the situation inside the hall through the little opening.

There were four terrorists at the front, with their leader seemingly giving a speech.

’They kept two men in front of this door. There is another door, so let’s assume two men are there as well.

A total of eight terrorists in total, with all of them radiating E rank auras.

True enough, that guy fed me the wrong information.’

He tightened his hand on the knife and placed the gun inside the holster for now.

But just when he thought he should wait for the better opportunity.

He saw his sister standing up and yelling at the terrorists.

’Oh for God’s sake!’