Chapter 21: Beggar Kid

After buying some suits suggested by old man Mike, Damian left the shop.

But instead of getting on his bike, he started roaming the city.

It was his first time in a big city like Tranquil city. He wanted to enjoy all the scenery.

As he was walking around, his eyes couldn’t help but be dragged to a dark street corner.

Memories of his past life couldn’t help but appear at this moment in his mind as he saw a malnourished child sitting there with hollow eyes.

He stood there looking at the child trying to find anything possible to eat with a complex expression on his face.

There were few things in his past life that made him emotional. And one of them was whenever he found a starving person.

Alessio understood hunger and found it one of the harshest realities of life.

While thousands of children starved, the wealthy and the government never did anything to change that reality.

’Even this Earth Federation is trash.... Holding so much power and having so many ways to make a change, they refuse to even acknowledge them as part of the federation.’

While he was having such thoughts, he moved towards the kid and stopped him from trying to eat a rotten rat.

"What’s your name?"

As Damian addressed the child, the first instinct of the child was to hide his rat...

’Sigh...’

Looking at the wary eyes of the child, Damian couldn’t help but sigh.

"Do I look like I would try stealing your... food?"

Only then did the child show some hesitation and answered.

"... I don’t remember."

"Alright, then let’s call you... Alessio from now on.

Now Alessio, can you tell me if there is an orphanage in this city?"

"... There is one right across the street. But they don’t let beggars inside. Only the ones assigned to them by the Federation are allowed to stay there."

"I see... let’s get you something to eat first."

Hearing about eating made the kid’s eyes go wide.

"I don’t have money..."

"I do, let’s go."

Holding on to the hand of the kid, Damian started finding a good restaurant.

While he was searching for the restaurant, he didn’t notice the kid wiping his tears and looking at him with burning eyes.

As if to memorize the appearance of the one who fed him.

Soon, they entered a good looking restaurant and found a seat for themselves.

Many customers around them started feeling uncomfortable and moved their seats away looking at the beggar child dressed in ragged clothes.

Nearby waiters noticed this scene and called for their manager.

Damian noticed all this but didn’t say anything until a fat man dressed in luxury clothes came closer to him.

"Excuse me sir, as you can see, the appearance of the beggar with you is bothering all other customers..."

"It’s alright, do you have any private rooms?"

"Ah... I’m sorry sir, but the private rooms are only available for VIPs. We can’t just let anyone inside."

Looking at the face the manager was making, Damian realised that being polite was not a solution.

He even offered to take a private room, but clearly the staff here was unreasonable.

’It is always like this... these restaurants care too much about their so-called images.’

"Could you pl-"

"What’s your name?"

Damian interrupted the manager before he could ask them to leave.

"... It’s Roman Wells sir.

"Now Mr. Roman, there are two paths for you here. Either you take me to a private room and let us have our fill of the food.

Or I can leave the restaurant and you can carry on with your lives until you start hearing about the disappearances of each and every one of your family members one at a time.

You will go to the police and SFD as well if you want. But no one will be able to find them.

Months will go by and you will develop a habit of drinking and start losing your sanity.

This fine restaurant will fire you and you will be left on the streets with no chance to eat such delicious food.

You will start losing your fat and become a thin malnourished man and curse the Gods wondering why your life turned into such a hell.

And eventually you will starve to death."

As Damian was talking casually, a reddish black Aura was surrounding his body making him look very intimidating.

Even Alessio sitting next to Damian started feeling uncomfortable.

"You can choose the second option but I think a man as smart as you, my dear Roman, would not be so stupid.... Right?"

Sweat poured down the face of Roman as the threat alongside the pressure from that Aura made him fearful.

Even though Roman was also an E Rank awakener. He was not a fighter and was just a common man.

’I’m not paid enough for this shit.’

"O-Ofcourse not sir. Please, come with me. I happen to know a very good private room which just happens to be empty at the moment."

Chuckling nervously, the manager guided them to a Private room.

Soon the food was served and Alessio looked towards Damian as if asking permission to eat.

Damian nodded gently and started eating as well. He had not eaten since waking up today as he was already late for the Orientation.

An entire table of food disappeared in a short time.

Damian called a waiter to get a bottle of rum for himself at the end and some desserts for the child.

Watching Alessio eat happily made Damian feel some warmth and his mood lightened a little.

He wanted to drink some alcohol in order to calm himself down.

Matters like these always made him emotional. And with his current strength, losing control might have some consequences.

After finishing the entire bottle, Damian stood up and went to find Roman.

"Here’s the payment."

"It’s on the house sir. No need. I hope you come here again."

"I am a man of my principle, Mr. Roman. We ate your restaurant’s food so please accept the payment.

And from now on, don’t let what happened previously repeat itself again."

Looking at the manager nodding hurriedly, Damian left the restaurant with Alessio.

The sun was already about to set as they walked back towards that alley.

Along the way, Alessio was already feeling a bit sad. Knowing this was probably the only time he would ever have such great food.

"Don’t be so sad... I’m taking you to a nice place. You will live there from now on."

"... Why?"

Damian didn’t reply and held the hand of the child as he led him back to Old man Mike’s shop.

Only after some time, did he finally whisper in a small voice.

"... Why not?"

Alessio was already having a hard time trying to control his tears, but as soon as he heard that soft whisper, he couldn’t control himself and started sobbing softly.

After some time, they reached the clothing store. And for the first time Damian took notice of the name of the store.

’The Woven Wardrobe... nice name.’

When they entered the shop, old man Mike was already about to close.

"... Now what do we have here young sir Damian?"

It has to be said. The intuition of this old man was scary.

With only a look at Alessio. He already knew Damian was about to make a troublesome request.

"Hire this little kid and teach him your works. You are also becoming old and might need some help across the shop.

Before you refuse me, I’ll make you an offer you can’t refuse.

From now on every suit and every piece of clothing I wear will come from this shop. I will also recommend all my fellow students at the academy to come find you."

"... You think this is enough?"

"Alongside this, I will owe you a favor. You can ask for anything which is in my capability."

"Sigh... alright. What’s his name?"

"I named him Alessio. He didn’t have one before.

Now I’m getting late. I will see you both later."

Without waiting for both of them to say anything, Damian left the shop with his previously bought clothes and started his bike.

"..."

"..."

"Do you know how to read and write, kid?"

"... No."

Both the old man and the beggar stared at each other uncomfortably.

"Sigh... let’s start with the basics."