Chapter 27: Boom! Boom! Boom!

Cafeteria was the place where Damian always ate his food for the past couple weeks.

All students would have their fill here.

After taking their food, Damian and Adrian sat at a bench together and started eating.

"So... Is the Murdock family also a Noble Family?"

Damian started a discussion with Adrian since he wanted more information about the whole Nobility system.

Adrian raised his eyebrows at the sudden question but still answered.

"Correct. In fact we are one of the 13 Imperial Families at the top of the Federation."

"... I see. But I don’t see the same arrogance and pride in the Murdock family as compared to all others in the class?"

"... Because we are not like them in the first place. There are ideological differences between Imperial Families.

Most Families believe nobles stand above the commoners. Even though it has been 200 years since the Portals opened, Noble Families hardly changed.

Imperial Families have also been the same 13 Families from the start.

Many commoners have risen to fame and power, individual power is limited.

So they rarely make any difference.

Everyone has status screens and practices the same breathing techniques. But still they are unable to rise above the Nobles.

It is not that Nobles don’t respect strength. Common families might have one or two geniuses but can their whole families be talented and powerful?

Hardly any family managed to enter the ranks of Nobles in these two centuries.

That is the reason for their bias. It is not that they are arrogant without any reason...

But my Family although feels proud of our strength, we don’t feel as if we are above others.

There are many examples in the Federation of talented individuals rising up to become as strong as us."

Damian silently ate while listening to Adrian before asking.

"Are there no conflicts between the 13 Imperial Families?"

"... Where there are people, there are conflicts. Even among the Families themselves, there are many conflicts. Talk less about the conflicts between them...

After 200 years of being in existence, there are many branches in Imperial Families.

There are always conflicts for more power and resources.

My big sister is considered the strongest talent in the Family. But there are many stronger and older heirs already in line.

They all view her as the greatest threat.

I won’t say much, but you can understand her current situation."

"Your elders don’t stop these useless conflicts?"

Damian’s face was filled with confusion.

"They keep an eye on everyone to make sure the conflicts don’t turn bloody.

But there are always exceptions. Some Families already have cases of having civil wars.

My sister’s current situation is still better since we belong to the main branch.

No one will dare to openly attack her..."

Adrian didn’t say much after that but Damian already understood.

’Even though no one will attack her openly, some hidden attempts will surely be made.

Seems like these Imperial and Noble Families also have it tough.’

He couldn’t help but compare these Families with his own.

There was love and care present instead of all these conflicts among their own blood.

Even though Sebastian and Alaric had an estranged relationship. They loved and cared for each other.

"Can you tell me the names of these 13 Imperial Families?"

"... You clearly have no idea about the world. Where were you living for the past few years?"

"There are no Nobles in my city, so never really bothered about all this."

"Which school did you come from again?"

"Norrington."

Adrian’s eyes went a little wide as he remembered the recent incident at Norrington.

"Ah, I see. So you are from the far north. No wonder you didn’t know anything.

There are hardly any Nobles around that area."

"Yeah. That’s why I wanted this information from you. You being one of the Nobles will surely know all of this."

"Right. So the names of the 13 Imperial Families include-

Murdock, Blackwood, Ashford, Thorne, Cross, Langsten, Evergreen, Royce, Kinsley, Vance, Eckhart, Verratoux and Bloodworth.

But you can ignore the Bloodworth Imperial Family."

"And why is that?"

"This family was exterminated more than a decade ago by mysterious attackers.

Hmm... now that when I think about it, all of their family members had crimson hairs and eyes just like you..."

Adrian’s face starts becoming weird as he eyes Damian’s features carefully.

"... There are many people with crimson hair."

"Yeah... and you don’t seem to have their innate skill as well. So it must be a coincidence."

"Does every family have their own inherited innate skills as well?"

"Yes, that’s the main reason for our dominance in the first place.

But not everyone in the family inherits the innate skills.

My sister for example, awakened our Family’s innate skill named seer.

It lets her have some visions of the future."

Damian’s eyes went wide as he heard about the seer skill.

"That’s a very powerful skill... how does it work?"

"You would have to ask my sister as even I don’t have a clue.

She doesn’t tell me whenever I ask."

Looking at the pouting face of Adrian, Damian also smiled a little.

’It seems both of them share a deep bond.’

[Beep! Professor Salazar Blackwood has accepted your request.

Please report to receptionist Annie at the training facilities.

She will guide you to him.]

Professor Salazar Blackwood was the one who will teach him Omega Point weapon art.

He was one of the strongest snipers in the Federation currently.

Damian looked towards Adrian and showed him the message.

"Looks like I’m off to meet my professor. Yours should be reaching out soon too."

"Oh! you really have some luck. Professor Blackwood is even more famous among our Nobility circle than the Federation.

Good luck~"

Looking at Adrian giving him a sly look, Damian couldn’t help but sigh.

’It seems this professor might be a bit troublesome.

I should get moving fast.’

****

Receptionist Annie was still the same as ever with her short hair and glasses, focused completely on her communicator’s Hologram.

Damian has already gotten to know her quite well over the past couple weeks.

"Hey Annie."

"Ohh~~ look who we have here. The first ranked student of your year huh, not bad."

Annie whistled as soon as Damian came.

She already knew about his ranking as Professor Blackwood probably came here previously, to make sure Damian was guided towards his training room.

"... Yeah. I got a message saying I have to report to you."

"Let’s go. I will take you to see him. From now on you will be given access to his training room here.

It’s less of a room and more like a whole gun range."

Annie guided Damian to a large shooting range behind the main building.

As both of them got closer, they started hearing loud booming voices.

"Boom! Boom! Boom!"

When they entered the shooting range, a man in black suit holding a sniper gun stood there.

And the small mountain at which the gun was pointed at, was blown apart with debris still falling from the sky.