Chapter 23: Section Change

"So... Can you now tell us what happened here, junior Damian?"

Faced with the question from Elizabeth, Damian couldn’t help but sigh.

"Sigh... I got drunk."

"..."

"..."

"But before that, I bought some nice suits."

"..."

"..."

"Then that truck ambushed me and my bike got broken. So I had to call you after taking care of them.

But thankfully the suits are safe."

’Who cares for the damn suits when they almost died?!?’

’... Psycho’

Looking at the faces both of them were making, Damian showed them the bag of suits.

"See... they are safe."

"... How did you kill them?"

"Didn’t Lilly tell you? Just like that. They outnumbered me and I was having a hard time fighting them.

But thankfully their leader soon joined and his punch threw me far away from them. I finally had enough time to take out my gun and shoot them."

Liam couldn’t hold back anymore and asked.

"How were you able to hold out against so many of them and why didn’t they dodge the bullets?"

"... I shoot fast. And as for holding out against them, I exchanged injuries for injuries and managed to kill one of them by infusing my Aura in my punch."

Now it was Elizabeth who couldn’t control herself.

"You managed to infuse your Aura in your punches without being taught?!?

Didn’t you just awaken?"

"... I have good control of my Aura."

"Sigh... forget it."

"Wait... aren’t we forgetting something? How are you so calm after killing someone for the first time?"

"Who said it’s his first time killing someone?"

Soon, Elizabeth described the Norrington incident to Liam, who was confused.

"... Damn."

Looking at Liam who was staring at him with a complex look in his eyes, Damian couldn’t help but say.

"Can you do something about the sword?"

"Ah.. sorry about that. But I think we should first give you some pain killers in the medical clinic and let the Doctors there heal you.

Although I can heal you as well, I’m afraid I’m not able to do it without causing pai-"

Before he could finish, Damian already pulled out the sword from behind while grinding his teeth.

"Hmph... there, now heal me with your skills please."

"..."

"..."

****

Liam Evergreen was someone who specialized in becoming a healer or in other words, a doctor.

Although he was powerful as well, he didn’t like fighting and preferred being a doctor.

He was following the same path as Damian’s uncle Sebastian Valcor, who was already someone very famous on this path.

Damian was already fully healed in a few minutes since Liam started working on him.

"Who will take care of this mess now?"

"SFD should be coming soon, I think it’s better if you go back to the Academy first.

They are already very suspicious of you and I don’t want any trouble between SFD and the Academy for now."

"Alright."

"Evergreen, you stay here and wait for them.

After handling things here, come to the Student Council room, I have some things to discuss."

"Sure, Boss."

Elizabeth and Damian entered the armored truck of the Academy and headed back.

Although Damian was healed fully, he was too damn exhausted after all that happened today.

While they were heading back, Damian couldn’t help but express his gratitude to Elizabeth.

"Thank you for today, Elizabeth."

"... Don’t mention it. It’s my duty as the Student Council President.

Though, I did warn you to be careful about the Shadow Council.

From now on, focus on your studies and avoid going out for a while."

"... Okay."

"Also, next time just run if you encounter stronger enemies than yourself.

This time you were lucky, but the next time, you might be the one on the losing end.

There is no shame in running and staying alive. While fighting with Monsters as well, we don’t look for heroes.

At the end of the day, staying alive to fight the next day is what truly matters."

"... I understand."

"You should also not be so indifferent about killing people.

At least act like you have some remorse when you are around other people.

Others will never be understanding towards you. So you have to learn to act like you are one of them.

In my circle of people, I experience this everyday."

As Elizabeth kept on lecturing him, Damian didn’t say anything but kept on listening.

She was saying everything for his own sake and he could feel her concern for his safety.

’I feel like she is treating me differently... like I’m her little brother?... Maybe I’m just overthinking.’

As they reached the academy, Elizabeth turned towards Damian and said.

"Go get some rest tonight and don’t be late for the classes tomorrow. I have some work left at the council.

See you tomorrow."

"Alright. Thanks again for everything."

After bidding her farewell. Damian went back towards his room and freshened up.

It was late in the night, so no one saw him covered in blood.

As soon as he hit the bed, Damian was already snoring.

****

All the awakened in the world tried to hide their status information from being exposed unless they were very powerful.

Especially those who were low ranked.

Hence, it was rare for anyone to find out much about a person’s capabilities including their core attributes and their skills unless they fought.

Only their Aura core was not something that could be kept hidden because as soon as someone started using their Aura, it would reflect their rank as well.

So that was the reason why even Admin AI won’t make the status information about a person known to anyone unless given permission by the user.

It could be said that if a person shared their status information with anyone, then that was the sign of absolute trust.

Even in the Academies, the professors responsible for teaching skills and weapon arts, never asked about the level their students reached.

They only answered the doubts that were raised.

Damian woke up within a few hours after he slept and got dressed in the uniform before heading towards the class he was assigned.

Opening his watch, Damian looked at the class he was assigned to see if there were any changes.

[Name: Damian Valcor

Class: 1 A

Year Rank: 231

Status Rank: E-]

And as expected, his assigned class has indeed changed from B to A.

There were 4 sections in each year at the Academy and he was assigned to section B previously.

Section A was for the strongest, followed by other sections in the alphabetical order.

The reason he was assigned to section B even though he should be placed in section C, was due to him having very high theory scores and him being a specially invited student.

Now he was assigned to section A.

’If even after beating the first place, I’m not assigned to the highest section. Then what was even the point of having sections based on strength.’

Indeed, sections were divided based on strength.

As soon as the year starts, students can challenge each other to reach higher ranks and get placed in higher sections.

The only difference between sections was that the professors would teach them based on the collective strength of the class.

After all, training for E ranked students can’t be the same as F ranked students right?