Chapter 33: Commoner Leader

It was night time when Damian entered his room.

Placing the axe to the side, he looked towards his bed to see his gun already lying there.

’Sigh...It seems Professor Blackwood sneaked into my room.’

Damian sighed as he thought about the teachers he got for both his weapon arts.

One was an intrusive guy while the other was an old asshole with the fetish of cutting off heads.

He soon sat on his bed and started his breathing exercise.

The whole day was spent on learning and training, only now he got some time to increase his Aura.

Soon, Aura started entering his core and expanding it. The rate of absorption and transformation was much faster than before.

****

When he woke up the next day, Damian opened his status screen first.

━━━━━━━━━━━━━

Name: Damian Valcor

Age: 15

Rank: E-

Talent: S

Core Attributes:

Strength: 35

Speed: 34

Stamina: 40

Vitality: 35

Aura: E

Will: 145

Skills: —

Shooting: B+

Hand Combat: B

Telekinesis: E+

Aura Control: D-

Weapon Arts: —

Omega Point - S: Initiated

Abyssal Slaughter - SS: Initiated

━━━━━━━━━━━━━

"Why is my rank not increasing..."

Looking at his data, Damian wondered why his rank has not increased.

His Aura core was already E ranked and after last night’s training, it seemed to have improved more, stepping towards E+ rank.

As he was lost in his thoughts, his hologram watch beeped.

[Beep! It is because your attributes are limiting your core.]

"Hmm?..."

Damian was surprised, he had not changed any of the settings of Admin AI of his watch, so why was it speaking again?

[Hello Damian, I’m one of the lower consciousness of Admin AI assigned to you.]

"... Firstly, can you remove this beeping sound and do something about your robotic voice also?"

[Beep! Changes done as per user specifications. Returning to the natural voice of the lower consciousness designed for the user.]

"Hello Damian."

The consciousness now spoke in a mature sounding female voice.

"... What should I call you?"

"You may refer to me as Aiko."

"Aiko, can you tell me why you were assigned to me?"

"Gia, the main consciousness of Admin AI was the one who assigned me to you.

As for what reason, I’m not quite sure. But my goal is to guide and help you.

Also, you can get in touch with her through me, if you ever need it.

I am just an extension of her consciousness."

"... So, you were saying something about my attributes?"

"Your body is weak. It can’t handle the Aura of E rank just yet. So you are still stuck in E- rank.

It is quite an unusual thing to happen. Most people are always stuck in upgrading their core whereas you are limited by your physical attributes."

"... I see."

Damian already had an idea that this might be the reason.

"Aiko, from what I know, Gia remains a neutral entity?"

"Yes."

"She cares for the future of the whole human race?"

"Yes.*

"But she hates being restricted by the Earth Federation, doesn’t she?"

"..."

"Send her a message from me. When she has time, come talk with me."

"She already knows what we are talking about. I’m her lower consciousness.

So if she ever feels the need to talk to you, she can override me and get in touch."

"I see. That’s good."

For the past few weeks, Damian was starting to remember many things that Old man said while reading the novel.

One of the few things he remembered were things about Admin AI.

He wanted to talk with Gia and get her on his side.

Although he knew that it was not possible to make Gia break her neutrality due to her programming, he could at least get her to be a bit biased towards him.

Admin AI could access almost everything that was connected to the internet on this planet.

It could be said that she knew almost everything that happened in the world.

If he could get her help, many things could be made easier.

’I should go to the student council building, Elizabeth mentioned we have daily meetings alongside our food there.’

Getting dressed and also placing the badge of DC on his blazer, Damian headed out of the dormitory.

He left his axe in the room for now. He didn’t have a space ring as of yet.

****

As Damon was heading towards the student council building, he saw many students clicking his photo secretly and doing something on their holograms.

Feeling weird, he opened his Hologram as well to check the Stormhold Academy forum.

[BREAKING NEWS!!!

Damian Valcor and Micheal Thorne are the students selected from the first year to be part of the council.]

"Sigh..."

Damian sighed as he saw many posts like these, some even had the audacity to post his photos they just clicked.

’It is too much attention. But it’s better this way. I want to keep maintaining my public image.

It will be helpful in the future.’

His eyes couldn’t help but move towards the most trending news on the forum.

[Student Council’s First Ever Commoner!

Damian Valcor has become the first commoner in history of our Stormhold Academy to be part of the student council.

It’s a signal that the Commoners are rising and they can also take over Nobles by their hard work.

I, being a commoner as well, from now vow to follow the light of Damian Valcor.

Is this also a signal that the times are changing? Among the new students this year, there are some commoners with exceptional talent as well.

Ronan Hale, Lysa Morwen and Edrin Kael are all S rank talents.

With Damian clearing the path and the others following him, are we entering a golden period of Commoner’s rise in the academy?

Only time will tell. What are your opinions?]

Damian had a smirk rising on his face. It was rare for him to show expression these days, but this post was really something.

’Are the commoners starting to view me as a leader? Good.’

Most of the students in the academy are commoners in the first place.

Only section A held almost all the Nobles.

There were only 20 students who were commoners, placed in section A. The rest of them were all Nobles.

But there were 3 more sections as well in every year.

So there were about 320 commoners in the first year.

And now... almost all of them viewed him as a leader to follow. Even if some didn’t, most of the commoners would view him as the leader.

Why? Because of one fact alone.

Nobles bullied commoners too much. It was the story of every year.

Commoners would enter the academy feeling they finally had some achievements, feeling proud.

But soon, they would find a wall called Nobles ahead of them in everything.

No matter what they do, no matter how they try, they could never seem to catch up.

There were so many cases of Nobles taking advantage of Commoners and turning them into their subordinates, treating them like dirt.

And just when they all saw no hope of ever breaking this social construct, a student like them, finally entered the council where all the authority was held.

They felt invigorated as they finally saw some hope.

This sentiment was not strong in 1st year as they just entered the academy, but among the 2nd and 3rd year students?

It was intense!

Indeed, as Damian opened the comment section, he saw the fervor.

"Hahaha, a commoner in the student council, am I dreaming? Hell yeah!!"

"And he is ranked 1st in the year ranking as well."

"These Nobles always showed too much arrogance, and they were always unfair towards us.

We finally have someone who can vouch for us in the council."

’Sheesh... suddenly I don’t wanna go to the student council room.’

He closed the hologram and pretended to have not seen anything, before heading entering the council room.