Chapter 14: Setting sun

The next morning, the whole world was aware of the Norrington incident.

Every news article was showing the horrifying visuals of the blood and broken buildings.

A total of 110 students and teachers were killed.

It was one of the worst terrorist attacks in 100 years.

Every news channel was questioning the government.

It was like a rug was pulled away from the feet of people. Their safety and security which they took as a complete guarantee was now for the first time in decades, questioned.

Calls for immediate action against the terrorist organization responsible for this attack were being made.

As the whole world was on the buzz, Damian finally woke up from his sleep.

He was feeling a lot better thanks to the much needed rest.

As he picked up his communicator, he saw many posts all over the social media.

He saw the comments and realized how changed he was.

If it was before he got those memories, he would have been appalled just like the people commenting right now.

He would have been angry and demanded justice.

But all he felt was how little it mattered to him.

He couldn’t care less for anything as long as his loved ones were safe.

’Sigh... this is not right. I need to accept that I’m not in the right mental state.

Even Alessio, used to care for his mafia like his own family.

But I have become too immune to everything.’

As his mind was going through these thoughts, images of what he had done the previous day flashed through his mind.

’Why am I not even a little affected? Why is every act of murder so easy for me?

I am NOT Alessio, I am Damian.

I am just a student about to enter the academy.

I need to get my mentality right.

Murder is not okay, at least not okay for my people my age.

Yes. I need to restrain myself with some rules.

If my feelings are not right at the moment, then let’s work with logic.’

Damian was slowly starting to get a reality check.

He was very dangerous right now.

He needed to control himself.

’I even raised my hand against Luna...’

As he thought about Luna, yesterday’s kiss flashed through his mind.

But he quickly shook his head and went outside the door.

As he entered the room, he heard an argument going on.

"You have to understand, the kid is a genius! Why are you so stuck up with the fact that he killed someone!

You have killed people! I have killed lots and lots more! Even Lyandra has killed the most out of us all present in this room!"

"My wife and I kill monsters! We kill the threats to humanity!

There is nothing wrong with the killing, I agree on this more than anyone!

But that does not mean it is alright to show no emotions at his age when killing for the FIRST time!"

"It does not MATTER Alaric, you have always been so stuck up!

In this world, you can only survive by being like this!

My nephew is all right. He does not need any therapy for God’s sake!"

"He is not alright! I suggested it because he might have some damn things he could not share with us!

I care for MY son! Just like I fucking cared for you!

But you shunned me all the time!"

"Maybe it’s because you always think you are the person who knows the most and understands everything.

I’m an adult Alaric! I’m not the baby brother you think I am!

And not everyone needs your help goddamit!

Let everyone choose what’s best for them!"

"Oh shut up, both of you! Damy is awake."

Lyandra could not help but yell at both the brothers arguing repeatedly without a care for who listened.

Her shout stunned both Alaric and Sebastian as they looked behind themselves to see Damian standing.

****

As the argument was happening, Damian heard everything and could not help but feel, they both were right in their justification.

Damian didn’t want to see a therapist but looking at his own mental state, what his Dad was saying was on bull’s eye.

He couldn’t fault any of them.

But what he did notice was how different, both his Mom and Dad were right now.

Their unconscious acts and many things like expression and body language had a little change.

He knew how difficult it was for them.

How difficult he was making it for them.

And how, even if they tried treating him the same way, it came off as forceful.

He didn’t want this.

He wanted time for himself and his family.

So he made a decision.

Just as Lyandra stopped the argument.

Damian opened his mouth after a short pause.

"I have decided to go to Stormhold academy today itself instead of waiting till the classes start.

I received a message from them as well yesterday night.

It seems they are aware of my circumstances, so they have extended an invite for me to come early.

I’ll go back to our place and pack my stuff."

He had indeed received a notification from Stormhold academy.

Without waiting for any of them to say something, Damian picked up his bike’s keys and went outside the house.

But just as he sat on his bike.

Luna came with her own helmet and sat behind him as well without saying a word.

Damian also remained silent and started driving.

There was some awkwardness between them. Obviously because of everything that happened.

Luna was too embarrassed by what she did and Damian didn’t understand what he was feeling.

So the silence remained for a long time, before they reached their house.

As Damian was about to go to his room and pack up, Luna held his hand.

When he looked back at her, he found her looking at him with intensity before saying.

"I will come to Stormhold academy next year as well, wait for me... brother."

As soon as he spoke, she ran to her own room and slammed the door shut.

"I’m looking forward to it..."

Damian smiled as he mumbled and went to pack his stuff and freshen up.

****

The Stormhold academy was located around the center of the federation.

It was far from the Norrington city which was located in the North of the continent.

Damian packed his stuff and took his bike straight towards a train station.

There, he went through the procedures to move his bike towards the luggage on the train.

After taking a ticket, he moved straight towards his compartment.

It had been more than a day since he did his breathing exercises.

So he started rotating aura around his body and also generating more aura in his core.

As he was busy training, the train finally started.

Its speed was far faster than he imagined and there was no disturbance at all to the passengers.

As Damian looked outside the window, he found this world so far more beautiful than his past world.

Yes, the technology here was advanced but even its environment was advanced.

All sorts of beautiful buildings and beautiful forests were visible through the window of the moving train.

He felt a little at peace as he saw the setting sun radiating its orange shine.

And that’s when it hit him. He had already travelled for a long time and was about to reach his destination.

"Status."