Chapter 25: Strength decides what is fair

Soon, Professor Seraphina started the roll call for the students present.

"Rank 1, Micheal Thorne"

"Present."

"Rank 2, Adrian Murdock."

"Present."

Many students started focusing on Adrian as he himself was the second ranked student of the year.

But most importantly, his sister was the current Student Council President of the Academy.

Yes, his sister was Elizabeth Murdock, who was known as the one with highest ranked talent in the Academy.

There was a rumor that she has SSS rank talent, but no one could be sure as the information regarding SSS ranked awakened was highly classified.

Adrian was her baby brother and he himself was also SS ranked awakened.

He had purple eyes and hairs just like Elizabeth, but he wasn’t muscular like Ronan.

If there was one word to describe his appearance, it would be... beautiful.

’... Is that a guy?’

Damian doubted his eyes as he looked at Elizabeth’s little brother.

He never saw a guy so pretty in both his lives. It was a little... creepy.

"Rank 3, Leonard Ashford."

"Present."

"Rank 4, Iris Langsten."

"Present."

...

Soon, the roll call continued until it was Damian’s turn.

"Rank 231... Damian Valcor."

"Present."

Immediately after his rank was mentioned, all students started whispering among themselves.

"... What!?"

"Rank 231!? How come he is placed in this section?"

"... More importantly, why is he so strong if his rank is so trash?"

"Maybe his theory exams sucked?"

"Nah... I think his talent is low. I never heard about him in the first place."

"Valcor family name... it seems he is not a noble?"

But soon, these whispers disappeared under the glare of Professor Seraphina.

"Now that the attendance is over. Let me first introduce myself. I will be your homeroom teacher responsible for teaching you about Aura Control.

My name is Seraphina Vale and I have served in the Elite Military corps of the Federation for many years before deciding to take a short time off.

I will be the one responsible for all of you in your years at the academy as I will continue to serve as your homeroom teacher for all years.

I was called here to guide all the young talented students we have this year by the Federation.

I hope I won’t be disappointed by your performance in the coming years.

But don’t think for a second that you are some big shots.

The reason why I was specially called was to make sure not many among you die while fighting the Monsters.

Even the Federation does not want to lose many of you.

For reasons unknown to us, the talent of the students this year is far more than the usual years.

Hence the need for some special attention.

I don’t know the reason, but I’m sure of one thing. Whenever the talents in the human race start rising, it also means that we are about to undergo a massive existential crisis.

History is the biggest proof of this. So don’t expect that your high potential means you are some big shot.

Surviving long enough is your first priority..."

Silence engulfed the room as many students gulped nervously.

To many of them present here, entering the strongest academy and even the strongest section was an achievement big enough to feel prideful.

But the words from the Professor were like cold water being poured on their heads.

Many soon started to understand that the real journey has just begun and it wouldn’t be an easy one.

Looking at the realization on the faces of students Seraphina nodded slightly before continuing.

"We won’t be sending you to the portals for your first year, so make sure to take advantage of this golden period to gain enough strength.

By the time you reach second year, I want you all to be at least E+ ranked awakened with strong fighting capabilities.

It doesn’t matter whether you specialized in healing or focused on science, I want every student of section A to be capable of holding against the lowest ranked Monsters.

I don’t expect each of you to have the capability to take them down, but at the very least I don’t want you to die as soon as you come in contact with them.

Whoever has not reached E+ rank by the time they are in second year, will be automatically assigned to lower sections.

And the students performing well in other sections will be promoted to replace the trash."

She took a pause to let the students take in the information before continuing again.

"From today itself, students belonging to similar sections can challenge each other in Ranking matches in the presence of their homeroom teacher.

If the winner is ranked lower than before, He will automatically take the rank of the loser and the loser will be pushed down by one rank.

If the winner is still the one ranked higher, the loser will not be able to challenge them again for one month.

There are many benefits for having higher ranks such as the top 10 always having a reserved room in the training facilities.

The higher the rank, the better the room and guidance they could seek from the Professors.

After all, professors are always always busy and don’t have much time for individual guidance.

The top 3 rankers can learn any skill they desire.

And the one ranked first can learn any weapon art he/she desires.

The lower the rank, the lower the level of weapon art and skills you will be given access to."

Boom!

As soon as Seraphina finished speaking, students started feeling agitated.

Many couldn’t help but murmur as their eyes went to Micheal Thorne and then to Damian Valcor.

Micheal Thorne’s face became grim and solemn.

He had not expected that he would lose his rank on the first day itself.

Yes, even he knew he was no match for Damian currently.

Faces of other high rankers also changed as it meant their rankings would be dropped by one.

Among them, the worst expressions were held by Ralph Mordi and Leonard Ashford.

Ralph was ranked 10th overall and he would be pushed out of top 10 and Leonard would be pushed out of top 3.

"Miss Seraphina, isn’t this unfair to all. We have just started breathing exercises but Damian has already formed his core and even reached E- rank."

With unwillingness written on his face, Leonard stood up and spoke in agitation.

Many other students also agreed, nodding silently in agreement.

"Yes, we are all just starting."

"It would be a total waste to give such benefits to a person with less talent."

"Yes, Miss. We all have much higher talents than him."

"Indeed. Even if that guy is a bit talented... Micheal, Adrian, Leonard and Iris are all SS ranked talents."

Looking at the expressions of the so-called ’talented generation’ and comparing it with Damian who sat nonchalantly as if enjoying a show.

Seraphina couldn’t help but be disappointed.

There were some exceptions of course like Adrian whose face held confusion.

’Are all these people idiots? That guy just started training and is already E- ranked awakened.

Even if his talent is low, it won’t be by much.

Most of all, he was sent a special invitation to join the academy. Only a small few are given special invitations anyway.

In the history of the academy, all those who were specially invited became extraordinary figures in the world.’

Micheal Thorne also did not hold any disdain for Damian.

Even though he believed he would eventually surpass him, it didn’t change the fact that he considered him a strong rival.

"Silence!!!"

Hearing the students’ words, Seraphina couldn’t hold back her anger and yelled with a cold look on her face.

All the students fell silent again.

She turned towards Leonard who was still standing and started speaking in a cold voice.

"Student Leonard Ashford, if I remember correctly you belong to one of the 13 Imperial Families.

Meaning you could have started training the day results of the Entrance Exams were announced, unlike the commoners, who would have to wait until they entered the academy or received a special invitation.

But I can see clearly that not even one of the children belonging to Imperial Families and Noble Families, took advantage of that time to start training.

You, being the children of Nobles, are so arrogant that you didn’t even bother thinking that a student with a special invitation could in fact challenge you.

If you even researched a bit about the academy, then you would have known that the ranking matches are like this every year."

"But I understand what you and others must have thought. You didn’t think a commoner would ever challenge you.... Am I right?"

Leonard’s face started burning as soon as these facts were spoken.

It was not just him, there were many students including Micheal who belonged to either an Imperial Family or a Noble Family present in section A.

In fact almost all Nobles were in this section.

Among the 100 students present in section A, almost 80 were born Nobles.

All of them had similar burning faces.

Indeed, whatever Seraphina said was true.

But in recent years, almost no one challenged the top rankers because of two reasons.

First being that they were immensely talented and would later have their revenge.

Secondly, no one in their right mind would offend Nobility. Even if they were specially invited.

So, the students of Nobility would usually just gather for celebrations after the results would be announced.

And only when they joined the academy, would they start their training.

"And talking about being unfair... the current Federation rules are quite unfair to commoners.

Since when was it unfair towards a Noble like you?

There is no fairness in the world. Only strength decides what is fair.

Understood?"

"... Yes. I apologize."