Chapter 19: One hundred push-ups, one second touching them~~

There was a big difference between mana and aura, although they were very similar, and on rare occasions, there were even mages like Ulric, who used only aura.

Both were innate abilities of each body.

Everything that lived, from the smallest to the largest creatures, possessed these two energies, aura as a physical energy, and mana as a spiritual energy.

What really differentiated them, in the end, was simply how difficult they were to awaken.

Three out of every four people could awaken aura, but only one in a hundred could awaken mana, and even among these, most simply did not have the talent to even realize that they had awakened.

Despite the similarities, there were still several different uses for each of these energies.

Aura users generally used it to strengthen, regenerate, and enhance the power of their own bodies, while mana users focused on spells and magic scrolls.

Fortunately for that training, Ethan was an aura user, and one who, despite his lack of talent, had trained extensively with the teachers hired by his father.

"Come on, faster!" Evelyn shouted beside him, running alongside him around the garden at the back of the mansion.

With each step, her huge breasts bounced, thrown upward in an exaggerated motion before falling back against her torso.

At every step, the twin, sweaty, perfect orbs met with loud, wet slaps.

A drop of sweat trickled down her beautiful face, splashing into the deep valley between her breasts. Her tanned skin glistened in the sunlight.

Ethan nodded, continuing to run at full speed, his muscles burning as the aura raced through his body without stopping.

They had been running for over an hour and he was already reaching his limit, but she didn’t even seem close to tiring, despite the sweat.

[Thanks to your relentless training, your agility has increased by 1 point!]

[Thanks to your relentless training, your vitality has increased by 1 point!]

[You have received +30% XP]

[You have leveled up, 17 → 18. You have received 1 attribute point]

Four system notifications reached Ethan, taking him by surprise.

So, it wasn’t just by leveling up that he could increase his power.

Evelyn herself was surprised to see his speed increase, his body suddenly filling with renewed vitality.

They continued to run for hours on end until, finally, she began to tire.

"ah~~ that’s enough..." The beauty stopped, watching Ethan collapse face down on the ground, breathing heavily.

A satisfied smile spread across her face as she stretched, her body drenched in sweat, her breasts almost slipping out of her cleavage.

She was, honestly, very surprised by him, and positively so.

Before being summoned there, she was, after all, a noble.

If it had been any of her brothers, they would have given up within the first few minutes, even under their father’s stern gaze.

But Ethan had managed to run at full speed for over an hour and a half.

That should have been impossible for any human without an aura, and very difficult for anyone below the second stage.

"Hmm..." She covered her full, pink lips with her fingers, thinking for a brief moment before approaching him.

"Very well. We should still have some time in the sun, let’s train your strength a little!"

"Shit..." The handsome young man sighed in defeat.

He was Evelyn’s master, he could order this to stop at any time he wanted, but in the end, how could he overcome his limits by doing that?

He hadn’t come to this world to be just another ordinary talent.

Gritting his teeth, Ethan began doing push-ups, forcing his tired body more and more.

[Thanks to your relentless training, your strength has increased by 1 point!]

A system notification arrived, but he barely had time to be happy when he felt her approaching, and soon after, her weight, her plump and perfect buttocks pressing against his back.

Even as an aura user, it was difficult to do push-ups with so much weight, being so tired.

Evelyn just stood there, her body rising with Ethan’s slow and difficult push-ups.

"Hmm... I know! Hahaha~~" She laughed, an idea popping into her mind.

Her hands flowed down to the neckline of the small leather top, pulling it just enough to reveal the curve of the areola surrounding a soft, pink nipple.

She grabbed the soft, perfect orb, her fingers sinking into the flesh.

"One hundred push-ups, one second touching them~~. If you hit a thousand, I’ll let you touch them for a whole ten seconds!" She declared confidently, but clearly joking.

Given Ethan’s current difficulty, she didn’t think he would even make it past fifty.

Unfortunately for her, she forgot the power a man could gain when given the right stimulus.

That big, round ass and those huge tits were the best stimulus Ethan could get.

[Thanks to your relentless training, your vitality has increased by 1 point!]

One hundred, huh? Let’s see how you like that! A big smile spread across Ethan’s face as he moved the newly gained attribute point to vitality.

Immediately, he felt his body fill with energy, his torn muscles recovering as the effects of the vitality increase took hold.

Evelyn’s beautiful face was filled with surprise. Her back arched and her powerful abdominal muscles tensed.

Her breasts bounced wildly and she had to grab Ethan’s golden hair to keep her balance.

Gods... what kind of monster had she just created?

At first, her face was filled with shock and a little fear, but soon, all that changed, turning into a shy smile.

She liked men like that.

Handsome and able to always push their bodies to the limit.

Perhaps she wouldn’t have killed all her suitors if they had been men like Ethan.