Chapter 27: That damn pretty face of yours...

"Hahaha." Ethan laughed loudly, his hands sliding down to Evelyn’s waist, his fingers running over the strong, soft muscles of her toned stomach.

With ease, he spun her around and soon found himself on top of her, pressing her against the floor.

Honestly, he was only able to do that because she allowed him to.

After all, with her being a second-stage warrior, the difference in strength between them was simply absurd. She was more than capable of breaking Ethan’s neck with a single movement.

"Hm... I’m not that far off." Ethan thought to himself before shaking his head and moving his hands.

His left hand pinned Evelyn’s fists above her head while his right hand slid down to one of her breasts, his fingers closing around the tanned, perfect orb.

They were huge, but they weren’t flabby, quite the opposite.

Firm and full, yet soft enough to swallow Ethan’s fingers in a sea of warm, creamy skin with every strong squeeze.

"Nghnn~~ Gentle~~, you... pervert~~." Evelyn gasped, continuing in a weak threat. "Or I’ll break your hips..."

"I am your Lord, not a pervert." Ethan squeezed that huge breast a little harder, feeling the pink nipple stiffen against his palm. "Don’t you think it’s time to show some respect to your liege?

"Aghnn~~ Damn perverted lord... you’re lucky this damn system doesn’t mghnn~~" Evelyn’s eyes widened and the words died in her throat.

Ethan didn’t even care about her insistence on calling him a pervert. One of his hands moved down, reaching for the waistband of her shorts.

"N-not there! That place is—" Ethan didn’t let her finish, his hand sinking into that warm place and reaching the fat, soft lips of her pussy.

A single finger sank into that deep valley, touching the pink, wet interior.

Her legs closed tightly, the creamy skin of her thighs rubbing together as she writhed.

"Call me that again." Ethan whispered, planting a kiss on her neck and sliding in a second finger.

Evelyn shuddered, arching her back. But no words escaped her lips.

Ethan didn’t care, finding her clit and massaging it slowly in circular motions, reveling in the naughty moans that escaped her mouth.

His free hand flowed to her breast, grabbing it firmly, his fingers swallowed by her creamy, sweaty skin.

"You’re— nghn~~ lucky to have this damn face!" Evelyn finally roared, losing control.

Her hands went to Ethan’s shoulders and she pushed him away.

Without giving him time to react, she mounted him, keeping her palms on his chest as she felt something press against her most intimate part, pulsing powerfully.

The button of her leather shorts was open and the zipper had been pulled down, revealing the pale, sun-untouched skin of her groin, separated from the tanned skin of the rest of her body by a thin, sensual line.

"Damned face?" Ethan smiled, a little confused by those words.

His eyes instinctively shifted from Evelyn’s breasts to her groin.

The pale, plump lips of her pussy were already soaked, revealed over the open zipper of her shorts.

"Yeah..." Evelyn blushed, her eyes meeting his. "That damn pretty face of yours..."

She grabbed her own shorts and, with a sharp movement, tore the fabric.

The top was removed with slightly more delicacy, and soon her naked body was revealed in its entirety.

From her slender, powerful legs, with thick, delicious thighs, to her toned, perfect belly, and then, her large, round, heavy tits.

Every part of her was perfection.

Ethan’s hands moved, passing over her slim waist and reaching her butt, which boasted full, fat, soft cheeks.

Evelyn’s breasts were slightly smaller than Alice’s in size and shape, but she certainly knew how to compensate with that beautiful, fat ass.

"It’s because of this face and this..." Evelyn placed her hand on Ethan’s pants, feeling his cock throb beneath the fabric before continuing.

"...this huge thing that I’m not going to bite your tongue off right now..."

Without waiting for a response, she pressed herself against him, their lips meeting.

She tried to take the lead, but Ethan wouldn’t let her.

He raised his right hand over her ass before letting it fall.

*Clap*

A loud, wet smack echoed as his palm hit her plump, round cheek.

A shockwave spread through the voluptuous flesh, followed by a slow, sensual ripple.

Evelyn’s lips parted in a moan, and Ethan acted immediately, taking advantage of the moment.

Their lips were already touching, so he only needed to move his tongue, wrapping it around Evelyn’s.

Unable to do anything else, she could only respond awkwardly to the kiss, clinging to his shoulders.

"Nghnn~~ Don’t you know how to treat a woman gently?" Evelyn gasped, pulling her lips away from Ethan’s.

His hands fell on her butt, grabbing it firmly.

"Oh... and do you like gentle men?" Ethan smiled in response, slowly massaging her full, perfect cheeks.