Chapter 23: Thin walls

"Nghnn~~ F-faster~~ F-faster! Aghnn~~!"

The sound of Alice’s latest orgasm echoed through the thin walls of the mansion, accompanied by the loud smacking of Ethan’s hips against her buttocks and the incessant creaking of the bed.

Luckily, they were the only ones sleeping there.

Well... almost lucky, since they had completely forgotten that Evelyn was also sleeping there, in the room next door.

"Ugh... Won’t these damn people let me sleep?" Evelyn whispered softly, her eyes closed as she tried to control herself.

She was naked, her right hand sinking into the perfect, tanned mountains that extend from her delicate torso while her left hand descends, sliding over the defined muscles of her abdomen and sinking between her shapely, curvy thighs.

She extended a single finger, her index finger, long and delicate.

Her pussy was already soaked, the cool air coming in through the half-open window hitting her mons pubis, the pale skin covering a fat, protruding mound, enclosed in a deep valley.

Evelyn pressed her finger, feeling it sink into the wet, warm valley, reaching her pink interior.

She squeezed her breasts a little harder, her pink nipples hardening as she sent a second finger between the lips of her vulva, reaching her clitoris.

"Ah~~"

She gasped, gritting her teeth.

It was all that damn sovereign’s fault! What had she done to deserve the misfortune of being torn from death’s embrace and serving someone like this?

Evelyn closed her eyes, her fingers moving in slow circles as Alice’s moans were reborn from the next room, even louder and more breathless than before.

"Fuck... fuck... FUCK~~"

The movements of her fingers quickened.

Her back arched, her breasts swaying freely as the hand holding them let go of the sheets, her fingers clenching tightly on the fabric.

Sweat covered her naked body.

Small droplets ran down her creamy skin as moonlight flooded the window, painting her pronounced curves and making her tan lines shine subtly.

"You... bastard~~ I’m going to~~ I’m~~ aghnnn~~"

Evelyn’s voice turned into broken murmurs, her eyes closing tightly as her hips rose, overcome by deep tremors.

A shockwave hit her from within, her pussy squirting as the orgasm spread through her body.

"Ah~~ nghnnn~~"

She collapsed, drained of strength.

It felt good... in a way that she definitely didn’t like, at least that’s what she told herself.

"I’ll make him train twice as hard tomorrow..."

She whispered, letting sleep take over her mind.

The next day, Ethan woke up late, wrapped in soft sheets and feeling Alice’s weight and breath against his chest.

"Ugh..."

He stretched, running his hands through his golden hair and turning his face to the side, watching the sun invade the bedroom windows.

It had been a long night.

With a soft grunt, he got up, put on light clothes, and left Alice sleeping behind.

His body was destroyed from the previous night’s training, but he didn’t let it show, circulating his aura and letting it heal his muscles as he walked.

As soon as he left the room, he turned his face and found a beauty with her arms crossed and a slightly irritated expression waiting for him.

"You know, the walls here aren’t exactly thick."

Evelyn stamped her foot lightly on the floor.

"Oh... and you’re the one to tell me that? Hahahaha!"

Ethan laughed, watching her expression change immediately as she looked away.

It was obvious, if she could hear them, they could hear her too.

Grumbling angrily, Evelyn simply followed him.

"Where are you going?" she asked as soon as they left the mansion. "To see the farmers’ work?"

"Yes, but not now. I want to inspect the guard barracks first, and I need to start preparing some houses as well."

Ethan had already used the pop summoning card he had received, and in six days he would receive twenty people, in addition to at least ten others coming from Goldenveil’s recent increase in attractiveness.

With that, he would need to prepare enough houses for all the new families, and if there were young people capable of fighting and interested, he might need to expand the barracks as well.

Of course, he didn’t have to walk far to reach the Goldenveil guard barracks.

It was a poor shack with a small training ground, rusty swords, a dormitory large enough for twenty guards, and an office where Alaric was.

The captain of the guard had a relaxed look on his face, but that look disappeared the moment he saw Ethan walk through the barracks door, accompanied by Evelyn.

He swallowed the bitterness in his chest and stood up.

"My lord, to what do I owe your visit!" Alaric slapped his hand against his leather breastplate, forcing a fake smile.

"Nothing much. I plan to expand the guard soon and came to take a look at things around here." Ethan walked through the barracks.

It was a miserable place, like everything else there, but relatively well maintained.

He headed to the weapons storehouse, observing what was available.

Two pieces of leather armor with steel reinforcements and a few dozen swords, axes, and bows, most of which hadn’t been maintained in months.

"Ugh... who’s the incompetent person in charge of this?"

Evelyn picked up a sword and ran her finger along the rusty blade. She put a little aura into it and the iron shattered.

Alaric grunted irritably, snatching the weapon from her hands.

"Our last blacksmith died a few months ago. We have no weapons and no people to expand the guard."

He growled, putting the weapon back in its place before turning his face to Ethan.

"And after your subjugation mission in a month, I doubt there will be much left of my men."

’Oh... you care about your men?’ Ethan smiled at those words, scratching his chin.