Chapter 58: Mommy Evelyn

"Ah... do you guys want to get off me now? There are some damn shrimp devouring my feet..."

Ethan gave a gentle smile, with the two beauties still on top of him.

"Nah... your face is a good seat..." Evelyn smiled, wiggling her butt and causing a slight, sensual ripple across her tanned cheeks.

"I know it is." Ethan nodded and, with a quick movement, lifted Evelyn off him, raising his torso and settling her on his lap, next to Alice, who still had his cock buried deep inside her pussy.

There wasn’t room for both of them, but Ethan managed to make them fit in his embrace.

"Hm... that was good..." Alice whispered after a moment of silence, her eyes falling on her clothes in the sand.

Unfortunately, they couldn’t stay there forever.

It was time to clean up and get dressed.

Ethan knew that, so he didn’t stop the women from leaving his embrace.

After they cleaned up and got dressed, he approached Evelyn, a look of curiosity on his face.

"Evelyn, how long had the Fallen Sun Empire collapsed by the time you died?" he asked.

It wasn’t important, just a curiosity.

Doran was from at least twelve thousand years ago, perhaps thirteen, since he had lived during the height of the Fallen Sun Empire.

But what about Evelyn?

"Hm..." Evelyn didn’t answer immediately, racking her brain.

She had received a formal noble education and knew about the Fallen Sun Empire, but...

She was terrible at history.

It was only after a few seconds that she finally managed to find that memory in her mind.

"I think it had been six or seven thousand years since its fall... I’m not sure." Evelyn finally replied, earning a confused look from Alice and a gentle smile from Ethan.

He was curious about how the system chose the summons and how it made them appear in the physical world.

He knew that, at least for unique heroines, it was necessary for them to have been virgins and pure, obviously not the kind of purity related to goodness or kindness.

Such a requirement did not apply to non-unique heroes, like Doran himself.

Why?

Ethan had no idea.

After thinking about it for a moment, he pushed those useless thoughts out of his mind, focusing on Evelyn again.

"Well... looks like we’re going to have to start calling you Granny Evelyn." Ethan stroked her black hair, and her face turned into a deep frown.

"Granny my ass! You can call me Mommy Evelyn if you’re willing to kiss my feet, but not Granny!"

"Are you sure about that?" Ethan’s lips curled up just enough to make Evelyn understand and shudder.

He had the nerve to do that, even if it was just a joke.

"No... you idiot..." She turned her face away, blushing.

When her lips parted to say something, Ethan was already on top of her, kissing her and holding her tight.

Alice, standing beside them, blushed but didn’t interrupt, though she was confused by what he’d meant in the question he’d asked Evelyn.

It was natural, since Ethan hadn’t told her about the summoning system of the big pervert.

Ethan understood the expression on Alice’s face and flashed a gentle smile, taking her into his arms as well.

It was getting late, and it was time to head home.

When they got there, they would talk about it.

Shortly after his brief fun with the girls, Ethan called out to Doran and the rest of the guard; the two fishermen accompanying them promptly presented themselves to him.

"My lord... ready to return?" Torven, the older of the fishermen, approached nervously, bowing his head.

"Yes, lead the way." Ethan nodded, patting Torven on the shoulder, and Torven immediately obeyed.

The return trip was uneventful, following the same formation as when they had come.

The chances of a goblin attack so close to Goldenveil at this time of year were minimal, but Ethan preferred not to take any chances.

After walking for a moment, his lips parted.

"When you get home, I want you to mark the fastest route from Goldenveil to this place and gather the lumberjacks and hunters. I want them to start clearing the forest so we can build a road in the future; four meters wide should be enough."

"A road? My Lord... we can just clear the trails."

"That won’t do." Ethan shook his head. "Just cut down all the trees, sort out what can be used for construction and what will be used as fuel for the winter. The master builder will be in charge of that."

A small road connecting Goldenveil to Lake Azur was just the beginning.

Soon, he also wanted to connect Goldenveil to the mine he had found with Evelyn when they went to kill goblins, and to most of the points of interest surrounding the region.

Those roads, even if simple, would cut through the forest and facilitate the transport of goods and personnel across the lands of Goldenveil, providing the foundation for Ethan’s future plans in the eternal forest.

How could he be content merely as a minor noble in a forgotten region, when he had such a powerful system in his hands?

With a broad smile on his face, he returned to Goldenveil.

There, he had a brief conversation with some hunters, woodcutters, and, of course, Goldenveil’s two master builders.

It wasn’t a long conversation; Ethan simply laid out how the short road would be built and what they would do with the harvested timber.

In the end, with everything decided and work scheduled to begin the next day, he went to the Lord’s mansion.

Now, it was time to have a little chat with Alice.

Obviously, he couldn’t tell her everything.

But there were things he really couldn’t hide from her, or from anyone else for that matter.

The guards, Evelyn, everyone was summoned by the system and knew they had been summoned by it, even though they didn’t know exactly what the Qingyi system was.

If they all knew their own origins, what would be the problem if Alice, the person he trusted most in this world, knew as well?

In the end, after a long conversation before bed, Alice understood exactly where those strange people came from.

Fortunately for Ethan, she didn’t ask many questions and simply snuggled into his arms, letting sleep take her.