Chapter 49: Final showdown (02)

It took Alaric only a moment to realize the danger of that attack, and a second to realize that he simply couldn’t defend himself.

His eyes fluttered shut, just long enough for the mana slash to strike him.

His ribs were sliced through like butter, his lungs collapsed, and his flesh was torn from his left bicep to his right, the leather armor doing almost nothing to protect him.

Alaric’s legs trembled, and then, with a groan of pain, he fell backward.

"Ah... shit." Ethan nearly collapsed, but was caught just in time by Evelyn’s firm hands as she knelt beside him, letting his face rest against her huge tits.

They were, without a doubt, wonderful shock absorbers.

[You have successfully completed your advancement mission! Rewards moved to your inventory! Your excess XP will be accounted for after using the advancement pearl.]

Ethan just wanted to fall asleep right there, let his tired body collapse, and let his newly acquired and now loyal guard take care of everything.

But he wouldn’t do that now.

It wasn’t time.

When he got home, he would fall asleep in Evelyn and Alice’s bosoms, together. Only there.

With a soft grunt, he forced himself out of Evelyn’s arms.

His lips curved into a gentle smile, and he gave her a brief kiss before standing up.

From his inventory, he took out a healing potion, took a sip, and handed it to Evelyn.

"Drink it all, you need to heal!"

Evelyn pushed the potion away without hesitation, shoving it back at him.

"Take care of your hand... I don’t want any scars on you. The man you’ve chosen is strong enough to handle the injuries caused by a few pesky flies." Ethan shook his head, refusing to take the potion back.

"Ethan..." Evelyn didn’t know what to say.

Why on earth did he have to be so stubborn?

In the end, all she could do was sigh, taking the potion.

In fact, she had torn her own hand from the force with which she had clenched her fist.

Her anxiety had been so high that only now did she feel the pain of the wound.

With a gentle smile on her face, she downed the potion.

Yes... the man she chose needed to be strong enough to endure that.

And Ethan was that man.

[Evelyn’s loyalty reaches 100%!]

[Evelyn’s opinion reaches 100%]

[You have successfully conquered Evelyn. Her heart contains nothing but love for you.

You have received: +50% XP, +2x premium gacha tickets, +5x common gacha tickets!]

A flood of notifications reached Ethan, who was unable to hide a triumphant smile.

Although they had equivalent power levels, the rewards Evelyn gave him for winning her over were lower than Alice’s, but that was to be expected.

Alice was an S-Rank talent and, honestly, was worth thousands of C-Ranks, considering only that she might, one day, reach the fifth or even the legendary sixth stage.

’Hm... I need to improve Evelyn’s talent too... I hope good things come from these premium tickets.’ Ethan thought before shaking his head.

Those were thoughts for when he returned to camp.

With a determined expression, he turned his face toward Doran, who was watching everything in silence.

Doran and his men were not much different from Evelyn in origin.

Warriors from forgotten eras, who had died and been brought back by the system.

The only major difference between the guards and the unique heroines Ethan summoned through the system was that the heroines generally had a higher base talent, in addition to having to be virgins as a prerequisite.

Other than that, they were basically the same.

Fortunately, Doran was an intelligent and loyal man who quickly understood his situation and, with his leadership skills, made the other twenty summoned guards understand as well.

They had been given a second chance, the chance to serve a lord chosen directly by the gods, and they would not waste it.

They were not as ignoble and short-sighted as Alaric.

"My lord, what shall we do?" Doran asked, immediately kneeling.

"Clear out the chieftain’s hut, kill the females and the offspring. Then gather everything of value you can recover."

"Yes, my lord!" Doran stood up, shouting orders for his men to get moving.

When they entered the chieftain’s hut, the screams of desperate female goblins echoed, ranging from tiny babies to old women who had given birth too many times to be of any use to the tribe.

Not a single Green Skin received a shred of mercy.

Ethan smiled with satisfaction, seeing that the loyalty of his new guards had increased slightly, reaching sixty-five on average.

Probably because of the duel with Alaric.

A first-stage warrior defeating a second-stage one in a duel was uncommon, and naturally, such a sight greatly boosted those men’s confidence in Ethan.

It was much better to follow a talented warrior than some pretty face.

With slow steps, he approached Alaric, still alive on the ground.

His eyes were teary, filled with nothing but the deepest despair.

"Does it hurt?" Ethan asked, kneeling beside him. "Tell me, what was your plan? Why did you want to kill me?"

There was no answer.

Alaric raised his fist, trying to punch Ethan, but he had no strength.

His arms gave way, and then he collapsed.

After a few moments, his breathing, punctuated by bloody gurgles, finally stopped, and his eyes closed.

[It’s not something you should worry about.]

A system notification popped up for Ethan.

’And why not?’ the handsome young man asked, staring at Alaric’s dead body.

[They were likely contacted by demons attempting to steal rings from the golden lords. Powerful divine artifacts are always targets for demons.

But these demons are rare and never stay long in the mortal plane. They have no interest in wasting too much time on a single divine artifact.

Since they failed, I highly doubt they’ll try anything else against you.]

"Hm..." Ethan remained pensive for a long while.

He didn’t want to just let it all end like this; he wanted to convince himself that there was something more.

But... was it really worth it?

The system didn’t seem to wish him harm, and honestly, Ethan didn’t know enough about demons to draw his own conclusions.

In the end, he simply turned toward his men, who had just cleared out the goblin leader’s hut, a flood of system notifications arriving all at once.