Chapter 39: You really don’t learn, do you?

Evelyn grabbed Ethan’s big, throbbing cock, squeezing it tightly.

She was eager to have him inside her and to break the legs off that bed, along with his hips.

But she stopped, a thought popping into her mind.

"That girl was lovely... wasn’t she? You should start thinking about preparing to father a child, an heir..." Evelyn purred, slowly stroking his cock.

"Why? Do you want one?" Ethan asked, relaxing.

At least it seemed she no longer wanted to break his hips.

"Not for me, idiot. For Alice." Evelyn leaned against his toned abdomen. "I have no interest in having a child, not yet."

"Hm..." Ethan fell silent, thoughtful.

He was a nobleman, ruler of those lands.

If anything happened to him, an heir was necessary.

That was, in fact, the main reason why noble children married so young.

They needed to produce heirs as quickly as possible so that, should they die, their legacy would not be lost.

Ethan himself had already been a victim of this. Although he was not the heir of his father, David Darkwall, he was still the legitimate heir of his mother.

Fortunately, that doting mother was not willing to hand him over to anyone.

’At least that’s what I miss about back there...’

Well... knowing her, his father would have a very difficult time when she returned from her research in the magic tower.

Ethan couldn’t help but let out a wry smile, imagining the scene of that overprotective mother discovering what had happened to her child.

She was a mage, and a powerful one...

’May God have mercy on the father.’ Ethan quickly pushed those useless thoughts aside, focusing only on Evelyn.

The seriousness on her face had vanished, replaced by the same mischievous smile from before.

"What’s with that cheerful face? Did you forget my threat? You won’t be walking for a week!" Evelyn exclaimed, but quickly controlled her voice.

Alice was absorbing the mana core in the next room, and Evelyn didn’t want to disturb her.

Evelyn clung tightly to Ethan’s shoulders, her nails digging into his pale skin.

To her surprise, he wasn’t the least bit concerned.

"Fine. Let’s see whose legs give out first!" With a swift movement, Ethan spun Evelyn around, climbing on top of her and pressing her against the bed, her legs already over his shoulders, locked in that position.

"Nghnn~~ what is it with you and these embarrassing positions, huh?" Evelyn asked, blushing.

Mating press, one of Ethan’s favorite positions.

He didn’t answer, moving her shorts aside and revealing her tight, wet pussy.

It didn’t take long for his long, hard cock to find that soft, pale slit formed by the plump lips of her vulva, the reddish glans entering her pink interior.

"It’s not shameful, it’s perfection incarnate!" Ethan’s lips broke into a wide smile, and then he thrust.

Evelyn’s eyes widened and she arched her back, a surge of pleasure overwhelming her pussy as that massive cock pushed forward, her vaginal walls struggling to crush it.

"Aghnn~~ fuck... why am I so sensitive? Nghnn~~♡" Evelyn moaned, her eyes rolling back.

It felt as if Ethan’s cock were much bigger than before, hitting her insides with far more force.

"What’s the matter? In love with this ’shameful’ position?" He gave a crooked smile, his hips rising.

Without giving her time to answer, his hips slammed down again.

*Clap*

Ethan’s lap hit Evelyn’s plump, juicy ass, a shockwave spreading through her round cheeks.

"S-shut up nghnn~~ just fuck this tight little pussy hard...♡" Evelyn clenched her teeth as she realized the obscene words that had escaped her mouth, looking away.

"As Your Majesty wishes!" Ethan grabbed her knees for support, his cock sliding until it almost slipped out of her pussy’s grip before thrusting back inside with full force.

He established a rhythm, the speed increasing with each powerful thrust, his lap hitting those soft, perfect cheeks, his burning skin sticking to hers because of the sweat.

At the junction of their bodies, Evelyn’s breasts trembled with each impact, squeezed between her own torso and Ethan’s strong chest.

Her abdominal muscles burned, along with the pleasure that overwhelmed her entire groin, spreading through her body in waves with every thrust.

Ethan leaned in, fucking Evelyn’s pussy at full speed, his hips slapping against her full, round cheeks with wet smacks.

The range of motion decreased, but the speed increased, his lips brushing against hers.

"Say it again..." Ethan demanded, gently biting her lower lip. "Who’s not going to be able to walk for a whole week?"

"Ah~~" Evelyn gasped.

Her fingers clung to the sheets, the knuckles white from the force she was using.

She tried to subdue Ethan, but... she couldn’t muster anything. Her legs wouldn’t respond, and her hands wouldn’t stop clutching the sheets.

"If nghnn~~ it weren’t for this damn position... I’d destroy you!♡" She growled, her voice coming out more like an obscene moan full of pleasure than a threat.

It was hot... so hot.

With every meeting of their bodies, their skin sticked to each other before pulling apart, Ethan’s hips rising before slamming back against her tanned, perfect huge ass with full force.

Ethan just smiled, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her legs together, his torso rising back to a ninety-degree angle.

In that position, with her legs together and raised, her delicate knees bending against his shoulders, she felt much tighter than before.

The handsome young man’s movements became erratic, his eyes closing with the pleasure brought on by the tightness of that pussy.

"E-Ethan... nghnn~~ I’m gonna~~ I’m gonna~~ aghnnn♡!" A moan that sounded more like a desperate scream echoed from Evelyn’s full, pink lips.

The powerful muscles of her toned abdomen tensed and her back arched.

Inside her, as she orgasmed non-stop, she felt Ethan’s hot, thick seed invade her womb.

Spurt after spurt, thick and violent, filling her until there was no room left.

"You hm~~... came inside again♡?" Evelyn regained a little of her strength, flashing a smile filled with pleasure and exhaustion. "You really don’t learn, do you?"