Chapter 28: so... fucking... tight...

"No..." Evelyn flashed a subtle smile.

Her hands moved to Ethan’s hands on her ass, feeling him trying to grab as much of her delicious flesh as possible, his fingers sinking into her silky, tanned skin.

She wanted to hate it, but in that position, mounted on top of him, drenched in sweat and completely naked, she felt strangely comfortable with his touch.

Evelyn’s eyes flowed over Ethan, over his face of inhuman beauty and his well-built chest and abdomen, visible under the open buttons of his shirt.

It was... different.

She remembered the pig her father had tried to marry her off to, the man who had caused her to run away from her family.

He was a degenerate pervert, and she herself had cut off his hand before he even had a chance to touch her.

The fact that she had cut off his hand was, in fact, one of the main reasons why she had been so cruelly persecuted by both families.

The fact that she had beheaded that fat pig before being captured was what earned her the death penalty.

Ethan was also a pervert, but he was different.

When she looked into those blue eyes and felt those strong, rough, though noble, hands on her body, she just wanted more.

She didn’t hate men. She just wanted a worthy man.

"At least, I don’t always like a caring man." She relaxed, grabbing the edges of Ethan’s pants.

Naturally, every woman needed affection from time to time.

She was about to pull his pants down when Ethan moved.

"What are you doin- ah~♡!" Evelyn barely had time to finish her sentence, a sweet, high-pitched squeal escaping her lips.

When she realized it, she was on all fours.

Face down, back arched, knees bent, and her ass raised majestically.

"You look good in that position..." Ethan smiled, watching Evelyn’s form.

From her strong yet slender shoulders and back to her buttocks that grew like two round, perfect orbs, heart-shaped, full, and proudly high.

Even so, with all that shape, her ass didn’t lose its softness or plumpness, trembling sensually with every little movement.

Ethan remained kneeling behind her, those fat, perfect buttocks pressed firmly against his hips.

Fortunately, Alice was taking care of some minor things in her own home, and at that very moment, the lord’s entire mansion was empty.

Ethan’s belt fell to the floor, and with it, his pants.

His cock, finally free, already hard , proudly reaching eight inches, sprang out of his garments, aligning itself with the valley between Evelyn’s buttocks.

"Uh~~" The beauty gasped as she felt the large, heavy member land on her ass with a wet smack.

Slowly, it sank between her perfect, soft buttocks, swallowed in a moist, tight, warm embrace.

"Are you going to fuck me already, or are you just going to stand there admiring me? You... you perverted, damn Lord~~♡..." Evelyn moaned, her eyes closing in anticipation.

Her words contained curses, but in that position, feeling the love juices forming a puddle on the stone floor beneath her legs, she didn’t have much room to judge him.

With a big smile, Ethan moved his hips.

His cock slid across the fat, juicy cheeks of Evelyn’s ass, the tip passing her pink anus and finally aligning with her pussy.

He pressed gently, feeling the fat, pale, soft lips of her vulva embrace his glans, revealing the pink, untouched interior of that tight, virgin pussy.

He applied a little force, his glans completely swallowed by Evelyn, brushing against her purity.

"Aghn~~ will this thing even fit?" Evelyn looked back, panting, feeling a twinge of pain as the huge member pushed its way into her pussy.

Her heart was racing and her mouth was salivating nonstop.

There was a little fear in losing her virginity, but above the fear, there was a terrible anticipation.

Ethan didn’t respond, taking a moment to enjoy that tight embrace before finally moving his hips forward.

A pained groan escaped Evelyn’s full, pink lips as Ethan’s cock broke through her virginity and then continued, inch by inch.

Her fingers dug into the stone floor when he finally reached halfway, her lips parting when Ethan finally buried himself completely inside her.

*Clap*

The impact of their two bodies echoed, Ethan’s hips sinking into the soft, perfect flesh of Evelyn’s ass.

A shockwave spread from the point of impact, traveling across her buttocks and ending only when it reached her hips, the perfect orbs covered in tan lines taken over by a slow, sensual ripple.

"Fuck... so... fucking... tight..." Ethan gritted his teeth, feeling Evelyn’s pussy fight to crush him, his cock squeezed hard enough to cause him pain.

Was that crazy woman using Aura to make herself tighter? Ethan’s eyes widened.

"What? You think I’d let you dominate me that easily?" Evelyn laughed, overcoming the pain before pushing her ass back hard.

With their bodies still connected, Ethan fell backward onto the floor, Evelyn sitting on his cock.

With a wild smile, she lifted her ass, Ethan’s cock sliding through her pussy until it almost slipped out.

She moaned before letting her hips fall onto his lap without controlling the speed.

"Crazy woman, are you trying to break your Lord’s hips by bouncing on his cock?" Ethan’s words were followed by a powerful thud.