Chapter 11: Golden Veil

[You have claimed control of ’Darkwall settlement’, golden Lord status granted.]

[Do you wish to rename your settlement now?]

Ethan’s eyes scanned that new prompt, but he ignored it, walking to the doors of the lord’s hall and opening them with a smooth motion.

The peasants on the other side watched expectantly, wondering what their new lord would be like.

"Wait a minute... isn’t that the young man who came here with Alice?"

"What is he doing here? Where is our golden Lord?"

Whispers immediately began to spread among the crowd. The golden ring on Ethan’s fingers did little to contain them.

The village elder exchanged glances with his son, his lips parting.

That was not their golden Lord! He was a scoundrel, for sure!

Unfortunately for him, before he could even speak, Ethan moved. His short golden hair danced in a gentle breeze.

His eyes rose to the skies.

A multitude of mountain ranges rose a few miles from the settlement, their highest peaks piercing the clouds, sunlight shining on them like a beautiful, faint golden veil.

"I am Ethan Goldenveil," he declared forcefully, clicking to rename the settlement. An intense golden light engulfed his body.

He didn’t bother to abandon his family name; it no longer held much value for him.

"From now on, I am the ruler of this land, for it is my divine right, and anyone who denies it shall face my blade of justice!"

He declared, squirming inside.

That was so cringe. Why the hell did he say something like that?

He turned slightly toward Alice, fighting the urge to bury his face in her enormous tits.

"Glory to Goldenveil!" He gritted his teeth, declaring and renaming the settlement.

The golden light that engulfed his body spread out in a powerful shockwave, and all those below him fell to their knees.

Soon, only he and Alice were standing.

He could see faces full of dissatisfaction among some groups closer to the current village elder, but he ignored it all, just sighing heavily.

Thank God, that had been enough to convince them, at least temporarily, that he was the legitimate Golden Lord.

He didn’t want to go to the guillotine now, not when he had finally discovered his OP system.

’Speaking of which...’ Ethan assumed a thoughtful expression. ’System, I’m the only one with access to you, right?

[You are the only one with access to the SSS-rank Great Pervert’s summoning system, but you are not the only one with access to the Gaia system.]

’Good...’ He smiled.

It would suck if everyone had the same system as him.

[Settlement renamed to Goldenveil]

[Name change detected. You are now Lord Ethan Goldenveil]

[Warning! Food stored at critical level!]

[Warning! Loyalty below 50%.]

[Warning! A faction targeting you has been formed in your settlement]

Another flood of system notifications came to Ethan, but before paying attention to them, he focused on something more important.

Closing his eyes, he mentally called out, ’Status.’

In the next moment, a bright, translucent screen appeared in front of him.

[Name: Ethan Goldenveil

Level: 17/25 (XP: 76%)

Available Rebirths: 2

Stage: 1 (Advancement quest available at level 25.)

Talent: Rank E

Noble Title: Lower Knight. (Increase your prestige to improve your title.)

Heroic Title: The incomparable degenerate of Darkwall! (-3 prestige)

Prestige: 7/10

Aura: 165/165

Attributes.

Strength: 8

Agility: 9

Vitality: 12

Intelligence: 9

Charm: 350

Available attribute points: 0]

Ethan’s happiness vanished the moment he read his heroic title.

’The incomparable degenerate...’ He repeated to himself.

That was a bad joke, right?

That shit even fucked with his prestige.

"God..." He looked up. "Have mercy on my dignity..."

[My existence is shaped by my host. The host received me because he is the most suitable to receive me.]

’What the hell does that mean?’

[It means that the host would fuck with his own dignity in one way or another. At least I give you rewards for that.]

’Ah... I didn’t know you had a sense of humor, asshole, son of a bitch.’

[I don’t have a sense of humor, nor do I have an ’ass’.]

In the end, Ethan could only grunt bitterly, his eyes focusing on the guard leader and his father, the village elder.

Soon, he realized that he could see the status screens of all his citizens, even if only in summary form.

[Alaric

Age: 32

Level: 33/60

Class: Warrior

Talent: C

Opinion of you: 3

Loyalty: 3% (in a faction targeting you.)]

[Ulric

Age: 62

Level: 40/60

Class: Aura Sorcerer

Talent: D

Opinion of you: 2

Loyalty: 1% (in a faction targeting you.)]

Sighing, he turned his face toward Alice.

He would have to deal with those two at some point, but he knew full well that this was not the right time.

He would be crushed like a fly if he tried.

[Alice

Age: 19

Level: 27/60

Class: Mage

Talent: S

Opinion of you: 96

Loyalty: 100%]

As expected, she was indeed a great talent, unmatched by anyone else there.

Turning his back, he called out. "Alaric, Ulric, to my office, now. The rest of you may return to your duties."

Ethan took a single step into the lord’s hall before stopping.

He had no idea where his office was. Did he even have an office?

Well, he should have one. He was the lord of this village.

He slowly turned his face toward Alice.

Luckily, she immediately understood his concern.

"Come with me, husb- I mean, my lord." She blushed, looking away and guiding Ethan to the office of the former lord of the village.

The peasants soon began to disperse, some excited, others suspicious.

Only Alaric and Ulric remained. Father and son followed close behind Ethan.

[Nt: Hello everyone, your beautiful Sillydaoist is here!

Well, as The Corruption Dragon God progressed, it was obvious that, sooner or later, I would have to start a new project.

I plan to correct all the mistakes I made in my first novel and reach even higher levels, with everyone’s support.

For now, we will continue with two Chapters per day, at least until I get my contract, which may take up to 14 days.

Once everything is settled with the contract, we will have a mass release of about 20-30 Chapters, maybe more.

During this time, your feedback will be very important so that I can correct any mistakes, so don’t hesitate to point anything out!]