Chapter 29: Time to reap the benefits

*Clap*

Ethan felt the stone floor crack beneath him as Evelyn’s butt hit his hips.

On the one hand, he had the wonderful feeling of being crushed by her pussy, that hot, creamy skin pressed against his, the softness of those full, perfect buttocks.

On the other hand, couldn’t this crazy woman control her strength a little?

"You aghnn~~" Evelyn moaned, her legs briefly losing strength. "So big~~♡"

Were all men this big and delicious?

She spun around with Ethan’s cock still reaching the walls of her womb.

Her hands went to his chest, the position of his arms forcing her huge, heavy tits to squeeze against each other in a beautiful and obscene sight.

Her beautiful silver-gray eyes were focused on his as her face took on a vibrant red.

"Ah..." She moved a strand of black hair from her mature face, her lips parting slightly.

"You... bastard." Evelyn grabbed one of his hands, bringing it to her huge breasts. "Look what you’ve done to me."

She hated it.

She hated looking into those piercing eyes, hated trembling with excitement at his every touch.

But... she just couldn’t stop.

Her hips moved in a gentle sway, her nails digging into Ethan’s chest and leaving deep red marks.

"You did this to yourself." Ethan laughed, grabbing her tanned tits with both hands and squeezing. "I just helped a little..."

Evelyn didn’t answer. She moved the powerful muscles in her leg and lifted her ass.

With a soft moan, she dropped back down onto his lap, feeling his cock hit the depths of her womb.

"I’m going to aghnn~~" She gasped. "Make you admit it!"

With a wild movement, Evelyn arched her back, her breasts escaping Ethan’s hands.

Leaning on his thighs, she began to move her body at a steady pace, bouncing nonstop.

Ethan relaxed as he felt his cock slide through her pussy, reaching her womb before retreating, her vaginal walls infinitely tight around him.

He just enjoyed the sight of that beauty riding him, her breasts bouncing with every movement, her gasping moans louder than ever.

His hands moved to her moving hips, passing over her slim waist and lean, toned belly, feeling the powerful muscles of her abdomen.

"Ethan..." Evelyn called out, unable to contain herself as she reached top speed.

The muscles in her thighs were burning, as was her groin, her body overcome by a hellish heat.

A heat that only ceased under the touch of that damn pervert.

She gritted her teeth and leaned over him.

The movements of her ass lost amplitude, but the speed doubled, her tanned skin slightly reddened by the impacts.

"What?" Ethan replied, slapping her ass and grabbing it, his hand following the rhythm of her hips.

"Don’t oghnn~~ look at me like that..." Evelyn said, lowering her head and arching her back.

Her lips parted and then closed over his chest, giving a weak little bite.

Ethan groaned, squeezing her plump ass hard, his fingers swallowed by that juicy, perfect flesh.

Slowly, Evelyn’s lips rose, brushing against his, her beautiful gray eyes clouded with pleasure.

She could feel, from the depths of her being, something coming, much more intense than the orgasm she had had while listening to Ethan and Alice’s sex.

"Fuck... oh gods~~ oh fuck~~ FUCK!♡" Her eyes rolled back, her tongue slipping out in an obscene moan as her pussy squirted nonstop.

Evelyn buried her face in his shoulder, and at the same time, she felt him cum.

"Nghnn~~ not inside, you bastard... do you want to get me pregnant?" she asked, groggy, his cock throbbing painfully inside her.

After a moment, the first thick gush of hot cum invaded her womb, followed by a third and then a fourth, filling her completely with the pearly, viscous liquid.

His dick alone already filled her beyond limits, and it didn’t take long for the seed to leak out through the connection between them.

"Hm... and is a second-stage warrior capable of getting pregnant without wanting to?" Ethan asked, wrapping his arms around Evelyn.

"Hm... what do you think?" She laughed, circling her aura.

With some difficulty, she leaned on his chest and lifted her torso, staring at the scratches she had left.

"I hope Alice won’t be angry that I’m handing her man over to you in this state..."

"She won’t." Ethan laughed. "After all, I’m your man now too."

With a quick movement, he stood up, resting his hands on her plump, perfect butt cheeks to keep her on his lap.

Alice had fortunately not yet returned to the mansion, and there was already water ready for them to bathe.

"Ah... running water will be my number one priority!" Ethan declared mentally, but he barely had time to think about it, his eyes immediately focusing on the flood of system notifications that had arrived.

Apparently, he had successfully tamed that fat, wild tight little pussy.

Now it was time to reap the benefits.