Chapter 190: What if I am, uh?

The shrill sound of Ophelia’s pantyhose ripping echoed through Ethan’s office, the tear running from her pussy all the way up to the top of her ass, the fabric splitting wide open to expose large patches of pale, sweaty skin beneath.

Even torn, the stretchy material clung stubbornly to the covered half of her ass, biting deep into the plush flesh, sinking into the pillowy give of her twin cheeks and creating obscene groves on her skin.

The very moment her pantyhose gave way, Ethan’s cock sank into her pussy, too tight and too perfect for a woman who had already given birth.

Her walls swallowed every inch of him, clenching hot and wet around his shaft as the soft cushion of her ass crashed down against his thighs with a muffled clap.

The thick flesh of her cheeks rippled from the impact, the dense weight of them quivering against his skin before slowly settling into a lazy, obscene wobble.

"Ah..." Ethan gasped, his fingers digging into the silky skin of her hips. "Are you sure you’re not a virgin who just adopted a son?"

Well, that was the wonder of reaching the third stage and becoming a true expert. Even a mother could have a virgin’s pussy if she were powerful enough.

Ophelia didn’t answer.

She clenched her teeth and lowered her head, fighting to suppress the sweet, gasping moan that threatened to escape her red-painted lips.

Her thin glasses nearly slipped down her delicate nose, but she acted fast.

Keeping her right hand on Ethan’s shoulder, she raised her left, slender fingers nudging the frames back into place with a sensuality and elegance that made Ethan’s blood boil.

She was similar to Elena. Not just in the size of her tits, but also in her ability to remain graceful even in a situation like this.

[Ophelia’s Loyalty has reached 100%]

[Ophelia’s Affection has reached 100 points.]

[You have fully conquered Ophelia Vaelor; her heart, even without her control, holds nothing but love for you.

You have received: +100% XP, +10x premium gacha tickets, +20x common gacha tickets!]

[You leveled up from 70 -> 71

+ 3 free attribute points]

With that, Ethan now only needed fifteen premium gacha tickets to get his busty mommy elf.

The touch of the god of love truly showed its greatness with women who were harder to win over.

"Mmm~~ you bastard... what did you do to me?" Ophelia asked, giving him a weak little punch to the chest. "Some kind of damn mind-control potion?"

Even without meaning to, she ground against his lap, feeling the thickness of his cock pressing against the walls of her pussy, the fat head forming an obscene bulge in her slim belly.

"Hm... No, nothing so crude." Ethan shook his head, his hands following the lazy roll of her hips.

He clenched his fingers firmly into her soft skin, then lifted her.

Ophelia’s heavy breasts, pressed flat against his chest, slid upward as her body rose, her stiff nipples dragging along his skin until they finally escaped with a soft, weighty bounce.

Ethan’s cock, drenched in her juices, slid out of her pussy inch by inch.

The pale, plump lips of her vulva clung to him, dragging along his shaft until only the bulbous head remained sheathed in that scorching heat, her pussy kissing the tip in a tight, wet embrace.

"nghnn~~ fuck!" Ophelia cursed, her voice spilling out in a sweet, obscene, high-pitched squeal as her ass came crashing down on Ethan’s lap.

*Clap*

Her round cheeks rippled violently from the impact, the thick flesh exploding outward in a fat, trembling wave as his cock plunged all the way to the base, the tip slamming into the deepest part of her womb.

Her nails dug into his shoulders and she shuddered, her toes curling tight.

The moment her ass met his pelvis, it bounced back, rising before slamming down onto his lap with full force again.

The plush flesh of her cheeks flattened against his thighs, spreading wide from the collision before springing back into their round shape, the soft fat jiggling through every aftershock.

"aghnn~~"

*Clap*

"oghnn~~ ♡"

*Clap*

*Clap*

*Clap*

Ophelia had clearly lost control.

Her breasts heaved with every rise and fall of her body, the heavy mounds bouncing in lewd arcs that lagged behind each movement, the soft, full flesh colliding with wet, fleshy claps as she rode Ethan’s cock without pause.

Ethan grabbed one of her breasts, the full weight of it spilling over his palm before he let go and gave it a light slap.

The tit jiggled softly from the blow, the heavy mound swaying slowly to the side in a wide, lazy arc before settling back into its steady, hypnotic bounce.

"You’re a spy queen, right? Or at least something like that?" Ethan asked, his eyes glued to the swaying boobs while her pussy squeezed his cock in tight, rhythmic pulses.

"Spy mghnn~~ queen? aghnn~~ You oghnn~~ brat... have you been reading too many novels?" Ophelia said, surprise flickering across her flushed face.

That was the title she had held back on Earth. How did he know that?

"Maybe..." Ethan replied with a smirk.

Well, he didn’t actually know that was her title.

He just thought it suited her.

In the end, he could only see her loyalty thanks to the love god’s touch ability.

Since Ophelia planned to remain there as a protector sent by his mother rather than as a subordinate, uncovering her would be all but impossible for him.

He didn’t doubt she was a capable woman.

The simple fact that she had discovered so much about him without ever leaving the eternal forest made that very clear.

He wanted her as more than his wife, more than just the mother of an enemy who had just fallen into his arms.

"What if I am, uh? Afraid I’ll poison you and all your beautiful wives?" She leaned over him, purring in his ear, her voice dripping with venom and punctuated by the loud, wet slaps of her ass meeting his pelvis.

Her breasts pressed flat against his chest, the heavy mounds squashed between their bodies.

"Hahaha, no..." Ethan laughed. "If you were up for that, you would’ve stopped riding my cock and killed me by now. Your mana is back under your control, you know? I have no way to resist a surprise attack from an assassin in this situation."

Ophelia was about to respond when she froze, her eyes widening.

It was coming...