Chapter 15: H-husband is... with a whore?

"You... what kind of sorcery is this?" Evelyn asked, her nails digging into Ethan’s chest, the position of her arms squeezing her breasts together.

A flood of information invaded her mind, explaining exactly what was happening.

Still, she was unable to cope with the confusion that overwhelmed her thoughts.

She remembered the pain, watching her own body as her decapitated head rose through the air, and when she realized it, she was here.

Why the hell was this happening to her?

"I am Ethan Goldenveil." The handsome young man spoke, his hands sliding down to Evelyn’s waist, feeling the soft, bulging muscles of her belly. "Your rightful Sovereign."

Hearing those words, Evelyn’s face contorted and she looked away.

"Ugh... Is there at least some good beer in this godforsaken place?"

Her voice was still irritated, but she had already accepted what had just happened.

"I don’t have any beer with me, but..." Ethan opened the system warehouse, taking out a bottle of F-grade wine he had received from the free summon tickets.

He was still a little confused about when Evelyn would decide to get off him.

Not that he was complaining. His cock was already hard and throbbing, swallowed between the fat, soft mound of her vulva and the bulging curve of her huge ass.

What man could refuse such treatment?

Evelyn took the wine from his hands, opening it with ease and tipping it into her mouth, swallowing two greedy gulps.

A drop trickled down her lips and splashed onto her perfect, tanned tits.

After the third sip, she didn’t swallow.

She looked at Ethan and leaned over him, her full, soft lips coming into contact with his, the sweet wine flooding his mouth in a torrent, mixed with her sweet saliva.

"That’s my first kiss, you bastard," she declared. "I’ll serve you, temporarily! But not while you’re such a weakling. We’re going to train, and I’m going to turn you into a man!"

She tried to hide the soft blush on her cheeks as she watched Ethan’s face of pure shock.

Was this woman crazy?

Evelyn was a moment away from pulling away from his lap when suddenly her body froze.

The office door burst open behind her.

"E-Ethan! What’s going on? I heard a scream and-" Alice’s words died in her throat as her beautiful blue eyes met Evelyn’s sharp, wild silver-gray eyes.

Alice took a step back, covering her face.

"H-husband is... with a whore?" she exclaimed, watching the expression on Evelyn’s face change.

"Who the hell are you calling a whore?" Evelyn roared.

With an agile movement, she jumped off Ethan’s lap, her body spinning elegantly in the air, landing right in front of the desk.

She struggled to control her anger, looking away and sitting down on the table.

Her tight shorts sank a little deeper into the deep valley between her perfect, tanned ass cheeks, revealing brief flashes of pale, sensual skin that contrasted with the rest of her sun-kissed skin.

Ethan just watched her, from the delicate curve of her hips to the powerful muscles of her back, to her voluptuous ass pressed against the wood of the table, the shorts sinking into her soft flesh and creating obscene, deep grooves.

It was hard not to look.

Evelyn turned back, brushing a strand of her long, voluminous, wavy black hair from her face.

She said nothing, but it was clear to Ethan that she wanted an explanation.

She wasn’t in the mood for this.

"She’s not a whore." Ethan stood up, approaching Alice and pulling her into his arms. "She’s just a... uh... new subordinate. She’s going to be the captain of the guard."

"Hm..." Alice glanced sideways at Evelyn, reflecting for a brief moment before looking away.

That woman was beautiful, she had to admit that.

Was Ethan interested in her?

Alice felt a certain heaviness in her heart. It wasn’t uncommon for nobles to have many wives, and she herself had already agreed to that.

But looking at the beauty of that woman, she immediately felt insecure.

Ethan was a little confused at first, but he soon understood what was going through Alice’s mind.

He genuinely understood her, but it wasn’t the time for such things.

"How’s our room?" he asked, hugging her tightly.

"It’s not too dirty. I just need to change some blankets and dust a little, since no one has been in there for months."

"All right." Ethan smiled, patting her butt. "I have a few things to take care of now, okay? Don’t worry about Evelyn."

Alice nodded silently and, after a moment’s hesitation, left the two alone.

"Ah..." Ethan sighed, shaking his head and fixing his eyes on Evelyn again.

"What? Did you lose something in my face?" she asked sharply, looking away.

"Ah... you’re certainly arrogant for someone who just wet my pants." Ethan said, unable to control his smile.

"Wet?" Evelyn’s eyes widened and she looked down.

The fabric of her tight shorts marked perfectly, a slight dampness spreading across the soft, protruding mound formed by her pussy against the tight fabric.

Her legs closed instinctively and she cursed loudly.

Ethan had to admit that he would like to see that woman tamed, begging for his cock.

Not that he believed it would be as easy as taking Alice.

Watching Evelyn, Ethan opened the system inventory and took out one of the many items he had received in the gacha.

The Skull-Crushing Axe, a C-rank item.