Chapter 26: I’m following your instructions

"I’m following your instructions... I shouldn’t think too much while I have an opponent in front of me, right?" Ethan smiled, pressing a little harder against Evelyn.

The wood of the tree behind her cracked under the pressure.

Even in the first stage, the power of an awakened like Ethan could not be ignored.

Evelyn froze at those words, feeling Ethan’s hand finally reach her butt, grabbing and squeezing, his fingers sinking into her soft, tanned skin.

"How audacious!

She gritted her teeth, using her left leg on his shoulder for support before launching her right, aligning her knee with Ethan’s handsome, masculine face.

To her surprise, he didn’t defend himself. He let her hit him before smiling even harder, grabbing Evelyn’s free leg.

Soon, the beauty found herself with both legs on Ethan’s shoulders. Her butt aligned with his hips, something long, thick, and throbbing pressing against her most intimate part.

The shorts did little to separate them.

"I’m your master, you know? You’re the bold one here..." He said, moving his hips a little harder, hugging Evelyn’s thick, shapely thighs for support, his fingers sinking into the soft flesh.

"Nghnn~~" She moaned, feeling the pressure between her legs increase.

With some difficulty, she purred, "You think I’m as easy as Alice? Your pretty, sexy face won’t..."

Evelyn suddenly gritted her teeth, putting all the strength of a second-stage awakened out there.

"Tame me that easily!" She roared, her aura exploding out of her body.

Immediately, Ethan was forced to retreat, grabbing his sword just in time to parry Evelyn’s blade.

He staggered, his boots sliding across the floor as the powerful impact sent him backwards.

Even though it was just training, she really didn’t take it easy.

"You talk a lot for someone who’s already wet!" Ethan laughed, watching the wild expression on Evelyn’s face change as she closed her legs, trying to hide the thin line of moisture running down her thighs.

"You..." Evelyn clenched her teeth, a deep red blush taking over her face. "Today, we’re going to train until you drop dead!"

Hearing that, Ethan smiled, looking at a system notification that had just arrived.

[Evelyn’s opinion rises by 5 points]

[Evelyn’s loyalty rises by 5 points]

He already had an idea that she might like dominant men while also enjoying trying to dominate them.

This gave him complete confirmation.

Not that he could pay attention to that for long.

With a quick movement, Evelyn readied her axe, advancing again, slashing toward Ethan’s waist.

The young man defended himself again, twisting his body and then passing Evelyn.

He could have thrown the sword at her back, but he didn’t.

Instead, he readied his right hand, throwing it with full force toward Evelyn’s lower body.

The tanned beauty’s eyes widened. A sharp squeal escaped her pink lips as Ethan’s palm sank into the soft, plump flesh of her perfect ass.

A powerful shockwave spread through the vast flesh, the round orbs rippling like a stormy sea.

"Nghnn~~ pervert!"

[Magnificent! The host is a combat genius!]

"Hehehe, I know, no need to praise me." Ethan chuckled, immediately stepping back.

"That’s not a compliment!" Evelyn shouted angrily, kicking toward Ethan’s chest.

"And I wasn’t talking to you." The young man narrowly dodged, his golden hair fluttering with the displaced air as he turned his torso.

Evelyn was no longer holding back.

For Ethan, a first-stage awakened, it would be devastating to receive a full-force blow from the second stage.

"Ugh... wait a second, woman! Are you going to kill your Lord?!" Ethan asked, parrying another blow from Evelyn.

He felt her power diminish slightly.

Of course, despite her young age, Evelyn was still a veteran warrior of frightening power, even if she was holding back.

"I can’t kill you, even if I wanted to, you know that!" The beauty exclaimed, throwing the axe on the ground and then lunging towards Ethan. Her arms wide open.

The young man with golden hair froze for a moment, getting up just in time to see that huge pair of tanned breasts approaching his face at a frightening speed.

"If I can’t hit you, I’ll at least suffocate you until you see stars!" Evelyn roared. Her breasts hit Ethan’s face and her legs wrapped around his hips.

A wild smile took over her face and she squeezed, pulling Ethan against her breasts, using her vast flesh to muffle his voice.

The young man choked, struggling to breathe against those vast mountains, his face covered by nothing but a sea of creamy, tanned skin.

"You... nghnn~~" Evelyn’s words died in her throat.

Her eyes widened as Ethan’s hands flowed down to her rear, landing on her perfect orbs with a loud, resounding smack.

His fingers closed immediately, grabbing as much flesh as they could. Evelyn’s grip on his head weakened.

"What are you— aghnn!~~" A loud slap echoed. Ethan’s right palm landed hard on Evelyn’s buttocks, a shockwave spreading across the perfection.

She bit her lower lip, pressing her clenched fists against Ethan’s chest and then lifting her torso up against him.

Her eyes lowered, passing over Ethan’s face and chest, once lean but now gaining shape as they trained.

Finally, they reached the point where their bodies met. Her legs still wrapped around his hips, a thick, throbbing bulge pressing against her.

"Bastard~~ this cock better be as honeyed as Alice makes it out to be!" Evelyn groaned. Her nails dug into the pale skin of Ethan’s chest.

"And if it isn’t?"

"I’ll bite it off!"