Chapter 30: A good bath

[You have successfully completed the mission "Taming a Wild Little Pussy."]

[Your rewards have been moved to the system inventory: 2 premium gacha tickets, 10 common gacha tickets, +150% XP, +1 talent rank.]

[You have leveled up! 22 -> 23. You have received 1 free attribute point.]

[Your talent has been upgraded! Rank E -> Rank D]

[All your base attributes have increased with your talent.]

[Your aura reserve has increased! 200 -> 300]

[Evelyn’s loyalty has increased by 10!]

[Evelyn’s opinion has increased by 10!]

Ethan read the flood of system notifications that invaded his mind, his eyes shining brighter and brighter.

Immediately, he opened his status screen, a big smile spreading across his face.

[Name: Ethan Goldenveil Level: 23/25 (XP: 53%)

Available Rebirths: 2

Stage: 1 (Advancement quest available at level 25.)

Talent: Rank D

Noble Title: Intermediate Knight. (Increase your prestige to improve your title.)

Heroic Title: The Unrivaled Degenerate of Darkwall! (-3 prestige)

Prestige: 11/15

Aura: 163/300

Attributes:

Strength: 21

Agility: 20

Vitality: 22

Intelligence: 18

Charm: 420

Free attribute points: 1]

Even disregarding the attribute points gained from leveling up, that increase in base attributes was absurd in itself.

His intelligence had nearly doubled, as had his vitality, agility, and strength.

Even his already enormous charm had grown considerably.

Pausing for a moment, Ethan closed his eyes, feeling the changes in his body.

His mind was faster. His muscles burned with power.

Of course, he still wasn’t at the level of a second-stage warrior, but among those of the first stage and of equivalent talent, he was confident he could beat anyone.

That confidence, of course, did not extend to those with Grade B or higher talent.

Those were on a completely different level.

"Come on, system, what are you waiting for? Give me another mission! I want to reach Grade C soon!" Ethan shouted mentally, but soon regretted it.

The system claimed to be impartial, but he was sure it wasn’t.

If he asked for too much, the system would screw him over without hesitation, because the system, the system never changes.

[The host thinks too much... the only desire of the great pervert’s system is to create an unrivaled Golden Lord!]

In the end, Ethan just shook his head.

It wasn’t worth arguing with that damn system.

’Alaric’s attributes must be at least forty on average,’ he thought, scratching his chin.

He didn’t want to run away or depend on Evelyn.

He wanted to kill Alaric in a one-on-one fight, in front of the entire guard, at the exact moment they decided it was the best time to get rid of him.

If he could do that, he would probably gain considerably in prestige and the trust of his people.

After all, he would need a lot of power to protect them from all the evils of that place.

"What are you thinking about, hm?" Evelyn asked, still naked in Ethan’s arms.

"If you keep taking so long, I’ll be the one carrying you!" She curved her lips into a mischievous smile.

Ethan almost retorted, but remembering how crazy that woman was, he decided to remain silent.

He didn’t want to be carried around like a princess in his own woman’s arms.

Squeezing Evelyn’s butt a little harder, he quickened his pace until he reached the only bathroom in that residence.

Although he called the place a mansion, Ethan did so more out of habit than because it was truly one.

With four bedrooms and only one bathroom, it was not so different from the middle-class houses he knew in his past life, perhaps even a little poorer, with no running water and most of the lighting provided only by candles.

"Soon, I’ll have a real mansion," he repeated to himself.

The Lord’s mansion, an urban residence far from the fortresses usually attributed to nobles, was one of the many power bases of the nobility in that world.

His father had invested a fortune in his, just as a way to demonstrate prestige, power and wealth.

With a soft grunt, Ethan pushed those thoughts out of his mind and let go of Evelyn.

Standing, she was at eye level with Ethan, just a few inches shorter than him.

Face to face, she had to stand on her tiptoes to meet his gaze.

"What, want another round before Alice comes back?" Ethan chuckled softly, his hands sliding down to Evelyn’s slim waist, feeling her soft skin beneath his fingertips.

For such a rough woman, she had the perfect, delicate skin of a princess, sweet and creamy, as if it might melt in the warmth of his fingers.

"Hm..." Evelyn didn’t answer right away, looking down.

Ethan’s cock was already rock hard, pressing against her toned abdomen.

She grabbed it firmly, but soon froze.

"Ethan? I’m done tidying up the house, i just have to ask someone to bring things here now." Alice’s voice echoed through the Lord of Goldenveil’s mansion.

She looked in their bedroom first, but when she saw he wasn’t there, she headed straight for the bathroom.

"Shit!" Evelyn’s eyes widened, but before she could even think of backing away, the bathroom door was already open.

Alice froze in the doorway, as did Evelyn.

Her eyes scanned Ethan, naked, standing still, and then Evelyn, also naked, her hands clutching the handsome young man’s huge cock.

Alice felt a flood of different emotions, her eyes trembling before closing.

She couldn’t deny that it hurt a little, but that was okay.

Evelyn was a good woman.

She hesitated. Then, finally, she grabbed the hem of her dress.

"Hm... Husband really needed a good bath either way~~" Alice blushed deeply as the fabric slid over her voluptuous curves.

Ethan didn’t smell bad, but still, he was drenched in sweat.

With trembling steps, she walked over to Ethan, hugging him next to Evelyn.

The two women’s enormous twin mountains squeezed obscenely against him, fighting for space on his chest.

Looking them up and down, Ethan could only sigh.

From the deep valley created by the meeting of their breasts to the feeling of having his chest filled with nothing but that incomparable softness.

His cock, at that very moment, had slipped from Evelyn’s hands and was squeezed between the soft, creamy skin of their hips.

He felt as if he were about to lose control completely.