Chapter 57: Beach Sex (02) R18

Ethan could only watch in terror as those two mischievous lake monsters emerged from the water, lunging toward him and pulling him down.

But these monsters were strange. They had sweet laughter, and from their torsos, succulent mountains of transcendental beauty rose up, meeting the firm grip of Ethan’s strong hands.

"Ah..." the two gasped as a slightly larger wave sent them back to the beach, their bodies in such shallow water that it barely reached their ankles.

"Ah... you terrible monsters of the deep, are you here to devour me?" Ethan jokingly asked, holding Alice and Evelyn’s hips as they straddled him, their bodies pressed firmly against him while they flashed cheeky, knowing smiles.

They seemed to be trying to decide who would get which part of their man.

"Hm... sucking you dry would be the more accurate expression, but devouring works too♡..." Evelyn placed one hand on Ethan’s chest, her free hand sliding down to his waist and finally reaching his pants.

She grabbed them tightly, feeling the enormous bulge inside his pants throb against her fingers.

It seemed bigger and more energetic than ever.

Evelyn wanted him inside her, but decided to give that opportunity to Alice.

With a quick movement, she left the lap she shared with Alice, turning and aligning her ass with Ethan’s face.

"You... crazy girl!" Ethan barely had time to finish the sentence before that full, round, juicy ass hit his face, his mouth silenced by the soft, plump mound that her fat pussy formed in her pants.

’God... how I love a cameltoe...’ Ethan had to admit, feeling the softness of Evelyn’s pussy against his lips.

There were men who didn’t like that, or who even looked down on it.

He despised them deeply.

Cameltoe, cleft of Venus... it didn’t matter what they called it. A plump, puffy pussy was a gift from the gods to gentlemen of good taste!

Without hesitation, Ethan moved his hands to Evelyn’s huge bubble butt, pulling her leather shorts aside and revealing her pussy, the pale vulva already dripping with excitement.

Immediately, he plunged into her, his tongue making its way through the plump lips and reaching the pink interior, finding her clitoris.

"Nghnn~~♡" Evelyn shuddered, her thighs closing around Ethan’s head as her hands reached for his chest.

When she looked up, she saw Alice, who was still deciding what to do.

Slowly, the pale, delicate hands of the golden-haired beauty moved down, reaching Ethan’s soaked pants and freeing his cock.

Freed from its confinement, the thick, long, throbbing member rose like a proud dragon, pressing against Alice’s slim belly, the dress doing little to separate them.

After a second of hesitation, she rested her knees on the wet sand, slowly rising over Ethan’s cock until it was aligned with her pussy.

She didn’t need to sit down.

Ethan, already sinking into Evelyn’s pussy with his hands massaging those perfect tanned cheeks, quickly thrust his hips upward, his cock sliding into Alice’s pussy.

With his cock gripped by the divine tightness of Alice’s vaginal walls and his tongue busy with Evelyn’s plump, juicy pussy, it wouldn’t be wrong to say that he was, at that very moment, in paradise.

"Aghnn~~ E-Ethan! Nghnnn~~" The golden-haired beauty melted immediately, her legs losing their strength as she collapsed onto his lap, his cock hitting the walls of her womb.

"Ah~~ fufufu... you should take that stuffy thing off, shouldn’t you?" Evelyn exhaled in front of Alice, pulling her dress up and tossing it onto the sand, revealing Alice’s pale, naked skin to the sun.

Leaning forward, Evelyn gripped Alice’s hips, helping her rise onto Ethan’s cock, guiding her bouncing on his dick.

A soft moan escaped her pink lips as the speed of Ethan’s tongue moving inside her increased, her legs trembling just as much as Alice’s.

Gradually, the golden-haired beauty began to move with a little more freedom, her eyes half-closed, trying to avoid Evelyn’s equally flushed gaze.

Being fucked like that while looking into each other’s faces was, without a doubt, far more embarrassing than when they had their backs to each other, serving him only with their asses.

Alice closed her eyes, increasing the speed at which she moved her hips, feeling his cock sink all the way into her tight pussy, pulling back quickly before penetrating her again, stopping only when it reached the walls of her womb.

"Nghnn~~ fuck~~ look at me... silly girl♡~~" Evelyn gasped, her silver-gray eyes burning with pleasure as she moved her hips in a gentle sway, seeking as much contact as possible between her pussy and Ethan’s tongue.

"I aghnn~~ I’m not silly~~" Alice moaned, grabbing her own pale tits and squeezing them hard, her delicate fingers swallowed up by the huge, soft mounds.

"Yes... you are, fufufu~~" Evelyn laughed, watching Alice’s expression grow increasingly embarrassed.

It was adorable.

"I... aghnn~~ ah~~" Alice leaned forward, thrusting her hips with all her might.

She could feel the orgasm about to wash over her, a sensation that was also overwhelming Evelyn.

"I’m not a silly girl!" Alice finally declared, leaning in even further and hugging Evelyn, pulling her close, their breasts meeting between their bodies, the two mountains of flesh squeezing obscenely against each other, their pink, soft nipples brushing against each other.

"W-wait... not so tight—ah!♡" Evelyn’s voice was suddenly cut off.

She felt Ethan’s hands grip her ass even tighter, the large cheeks swallowing his strong fingers, his tongue invading her tight, sweet slit.

He raised his hands, releasing Evelyn’s ass for a single moment before letting them fall in a powerful slap.

*Clap*

*Clap*

"Aghnn~~ E-Ethan!~~ hubby~~ something’s coming♡"

"Ughnn~~ feels~~ so... fucking... good~~♡"

Two loud smacks echoed as Ethan’s hands struck Evelyn’s buttocks and Alice’s ass hit his hips.

Both twin orbs were overcome by powerful waves, the two beauties moaning obscenely as they finally came nonstop.

Evelyn’s pussy squirted nonstop, just like Alice’s, with Ethan’s cock throbbing powerfully inside her until, finally, he came too.

"Ah~~" Alice placed her hand on her belly, feeling Ethan’s thick spurts of cum filling her womb.

"Hmm... I’m so full... hubby is going to get me pregnant if he keeps cumming like this inside my tight little pussy..." Alice smiled, even though she would only allow herself to get pregnant after reaching the third stage.

At this level, pregnancy would cause no harm to her body, and she could maintain the pussy of a virgin solely through her body’s natural strength, even after giving birth.

In addition, of course, a child carried in the womb of a third-stage woman would be much healthier.

The difference between the third stage and the second stage was too great, and there was a reason why they were only considered true experts once they reached this level.