Chapter 40: Stage Advancement Quest

Evelyn moved like a cat, regaining the strength of a second-stage warrior.

Ethan’s cock slipped out of her pussy with a wet pop, and soon she found herself on top of him, leaning on his shoulders, her lips brushing against his.

She felt his breath, masculine and hot.

And he felt hers, intoxicating, sweet as blazing cherry trees.

Between her legs, hot cum oozed from the pale, plump lips of her pussy, the deep valley that hid her pink interior, painted white by the pearly liquid.

Ethan’s cock, still semi-erect, settled into the cleft between her buttocks, swallowed by her soft, warm ass cheeks.

"I haven’t lost yet..." Evelyn sighed, feeling Ethan’s rough hands fall upon her huge, tanned tits.

He never exactly had the hands of a nobleman, despite his beauty and delicate appearance.

His lack of talent did not change the fact that, even with all the luxuries afforded to him as a son of the Darkwall family, he had never neglected his sword training.

Therefore, his hands were strong and calloused, squeezing Evelyn’s incomparably soft boobs, his fingers trying to cup as much as possible of those enormous, tanned peaks.

She didn’t find it uncomfortable. Quite the contrary.

They were the hands she believed any man worthy of a great woman should have.

Strong, working-man’s hands. The hands of a man who bears, on his own skin, the suffering he is willing to endure for his family.

In this world, a decent man should have calloused hands, from a life of training, or of labor.

Not that she looked down on men who worked with their minds. They were just rarer in this world.

Evelyn grabbed the wrists of the hands sinking into her breasts, squeezing and then releasing, the elastic skin and fat flesh hugging his fingers with every squeeze.

"Are you sure? You look pretty defeated to me..." Ethan gave a soft chuckle, watching the relaxed expression that took over her beautiful face.

"Shut up..." She leaned over him, their lips touching and their tongues meeting. "You just got lucky this time."

Ethan gave an honest laugh, pointing a single finger toward the closed bedroom window.

Using a small slash of aura, he managed to make it open, a cool breeze touching both their bodies, relieving the accumulated heat and sweat.

Evelyn’s eyes fell on Ethan’s chest, already marked by her nails.

It hurt a little, but he didn’t complain.

"Hm... I hope Alice didn’t hear anything..." Evelyn let herself fall forward, nestling into his arms.

It had been a long day, and they were both tired.

***

Ethan woke up early and started the day right away, as usual.

He had a hearty breakfast, trained a little with Evelyn, and then went to check on how the renovation of the guard barracks was going.

Fortunately, everything was going well.

There were about ten men working on the site, with others processing the stone and wood that would be used in the construction, as well as producing a kind of rudimentary, but functional, concrete.

As he observed the construction site, the master builder in charge approached quickly, bowing.

"My Lord..." He greeted him respectfully.

In response, Ethan motioned for him to rise, flashing a gentle smile. "How is the construction coming along?"

"Good, my lord. We have good, hardworking men, and Alaric has been helping a great deal... It shouldn’t take more than a week to be ready."

"Good." Ethan nodded with satisfaction, walking alongside the man.

It was going fast, both because of the workers’ high morale and because they could make use of much of the barracks’ existing structure.

"And the walls? What do you think of their condition?" Ethan asked, looking at the palisades surrounding the camp.

"Honestly, my Lord... It would be better to tear them down completely and build new ones. Much of the wood is rotten, and it’s hard to tell what’s usable from what isn’t."

"It’s more useful as firewood for the winter than as a palisade..." Ethan crossed his arms, thoughtful.

"Yes, my lord."

"Hm..." He couldn’t say he wasn’t disappointed, but in the end, it was to be expected.

Right on the system screen, the palisades surrounding Goldenveil were shown with less than half their HP, on the verge of collapsing.

And not just that. The size was also insufficient.

There was still room for new houses, but in the end, the walls wouldn’t be able to protect more than four or five hundred people.

It was enough for the short term. But in the long term? It wouldn’t be long before they became obsolete, and new walls would need to be erected on top of the old ones, if he wanted to keep the entire population safe from the attacks of the beasts of the night.

"Does Your Lordship wish me to begin gathering materials to repair the wall?"

"No. Prepare to build a new one, but first, the barracks. When you’re done, start erecting temporary towers around the current wall. It doesn’t need to be anything too elaborate."

"Temporary towers?" The master builder looked confused.

What was the point of building temporary towers if they were going to erect a new wall anyway? Wouldn’t that be a waste?

"Winter is far from here, and building a new wall will take time. We need to be ready."

"I understand, my lord." Seeing the firm expression on Ethan’s face, the master builder remained silent and soon returned to work.

With a sigh, Ethan returned to the mansion, his eyes falling on a system notification.

[You have reached the maximum level of the first stage. You can only continue to level up after advancing to the second stage. Do you wish to accept the evolution quest now?]

After a moment, he tapped accept.

[You have accepted your quest to advance to the second stage... What difficulty level do you desire? Higher difficulties result in better rewards and a more powerful advancement.]

[Infernal.

Hard.

Intermediate.

Easy.

Extremely Easy.]

’System... what happens if I fail the Infernal-level quest?’ Ethan asked, his lips curving slightly.

[If you don’t die, you can change the difficulty after waiting a month.]

"Hm... perfect." Ethan’s finger moved up, clicking on the highest difficulty.