Chapter 25: They must have a plan.

The rest of that week passed quickly, and Ethan’s life consisted of inspecting the work of his citizens and, above all, training with Evelyn.

Training that was definitely worth it.

His strength had increased considerably, his lean muscles had become more defined, and he even looked a little taller, his figure towering over Evelyn.

At that very moment, he was resting in the back garden of the Lord’s mansion in the late afternoon, his eyes fixed on his status screen.

[Name: Ethan Goldenveil

Level: 22/25 (XP: 3%)

Rebirths available: 2

Stage: 1 (Advancement mission available at level 25.)

Talent: Rank E

Noble title: Intermediate Knight. (Increase your prestige to improve your title.)

Heroic Title: The incomparable degenerate of Darkwall! (-3 prestige)

Prestige: 11/15

Aura: 200/200

Attributes.

Strength: 15

Agility: 13

Vitality: 17

Intelligence: 10

Charm: 400

Available attribute points: 4]

He had improved greatly in just one week, probably more than in years of training under his father’s tutors.

And was all that just thanks to the system?

"System... isn’t this growth too fast? Will everyone evolve so quickly with the help of the Gaia system?" Ethan asked, scratching his chin.

If he had already evolved so quickly, he could only imagine how a man like his father, with unmatched talent, would evolve.

[Golden Lords have a natural growth bonus, natives would never be able to grow so fast. The host’s growth would be even greater if it weren’t for his pathetic talent.]

The system’s response made Ethan a little more relaxed, but doubts remained.

’How many Golden Lords are there?’

[About a thousand. The vast majority won’t last even the first few months, and they don’t have me, the great summoning system of the great pervert.]

"I see..." Ethan scratched his chin.

He wanted to take the opportunity to curse the system’s arrogance and its terrible taste in names, but honestly, that would be too hypocritical.

After all, now that he was receiving rewards, the missions didn’t seem so bad.

’Well, at least he hasn’t asked me to throw myself at the breasts of some random noblewoman I just met.’ Ethan stood up, turning his eyes to Evelyn.

She was sitting on the floor, leaning on the handle of her weapon, her eyes closed in peaceful meditation.

Sweat dripped down the deep valley between her breasts, forming a small puddle where the round, soft, perfect mountains met.

Her eyes suddenly opened and she stood up, her breasts bouncing as the small puddle of sweat ran down her toned belly muscles.

"Ready for another round?" Ethan laughed, stretching.

"Hm..." Evelyn looked thoughtful for a moment, lowering her head before raising it again. "What do you think their plan is, after they kill you?"

"Hm? What do you mean by that?"

"Ethan... look at this place." Evelyn said, looking around.

Even the garden where they stood, the garden of the mansion belonging to the lord of that settlement, was miserable.

Neglected plants, old and cracked wooden wall.

"The guards here are a bunch of corrupt and weak sons of bitches, while the walls surrounding us would barely be enough to hold back a bunch of rats."

Evelyn grabbed the handle of the axe, placing the weapon over her shoulders.

"These people are doomed without you, they wouldn’t even last the next month, let alone the next winter. For those useless pieces of shit to want to act against you... they must have a plan."

Ethan was silent for a moment.

He was so focused on winning the loyalty of the people and preparing a plan to avoid being killed by Alaric that he had missed something very, very important.

Ulric was neither an idiot nor a brute with more muscle than brains like his son. He definitely had a bigger plan.

But what?

What interested him so much in a settlement that would hardly last more than a few months?

No matter how hard he racked his brain, he couldn’t figure it out.

Ethan was about to speak when he suddenly froze.

His whole body shook and he leaned back, Evelyn’s boots passing inches from his face.

"Stop overthinking in front of an opponent, Alaric would have already decapitated you if he were in my place!" Evelyn smiled, trying to retract her leg only to realize it was stuck.

"Yes... you’re right!" Ethan smiled, his hands closing over her heels.

With a quick movement, he rested Evelyn’s calf on his shoulder before pushing forward.

"Nghnn~~" her lips parted in a moan as her back hit the tree in the center of the garden.

Evelyn froze for a moment, feeling Ethan’s body press against hers.

One of his hands fell on the protruding curve of her raised leg’s upper thigh, grabbing the soft, warm, silky flesh.

"You... What do you think you’re doing, huh?" Evelyn questioned, a wild smile taking over her beautiful face as Ethan’s hand moved a little further up.