Chapter 35: New skill (02)

The aura is the power imbued within oneself.

From the blood to the bones and the flesh.

While mana is the spirit and the mind, the aura is the body itself. Strength and determination.

Mana represents the brain and rationality.

The aura represents the heart and the will.

Only those who master the will are capable of seeing the truth of the burning blood.

***

Ethan had already lost track of time while reading that book.

They were simple, familiar concepts, over a hundred pages devoted solely to them.

It was, without a doubt, different from other abilities he had studied, but not in a bad way.

The Burning Blood enhancement ability was, generally speaking, simple.

Too simple.

The foundation of its mastery was understanding one’s own will and using it as a means to fill the blood vessels with aura, bringing the blood to a boil.

Of course, that was a rather simplified explanation, but it was good enough.

Standing up, Ethan left the room and walked out to the garden of his mansion.

It was already night, and in a few hours it would be the time he had agreed upon with Evelyn to go out.

Closing his eyes, he circulated his aura, recalling the instructions from the skill book.

"Injection, and then..." His eyes opened as he directed his aura toward his meridians. "Combustion."

The moment his voice fell, his body changed; his aura began to drain as his power exploded.

[You have used the body enhancement skill "Burning Blood"

Effect: +50% to all basic attributes, +70% pain reduction.]

As Ethan’s body temperature rose, a reddish aura enveloped his body, glowing in the darkness.

He looked at the massive tree in the garden, planted his left foot firmly on the ground, and then kicked.

The tree shook, Ethan’s foot sinking into its trunk.

It wasn’t enough to split it in half, but if he kept kicking, he was sure he’d be able to bring it down before long.

With an excited smile, he deactivated Boiling Blood, his body returning to normal.

It was a skill with a cooldown, so he’d have to wait at least five hours before using it again without suffering severe damage to his body.

With a soft sigh, Ethan turned around, two figures emerging from inside the mansion.

"Ethan... are you okay? I heard an explosion!" Alice exclaimed, approaching quickly.

"I’m fine, I was just training a little."

He gave a smile, remembering something before pulling an item from his inventory.

"Uh? What’s that?" Alice looked at the item that appeared in her hands with interest.

It was bluish, the size of an egg, exuding powerful mana.

"A mana core," Ethan replied, watching her eyes fill with a deep gleam.

Mana cores were the primary source of power for many mages in training, and from the description he’d read, they could even provide XP.

In short, the ability to train and level up without putting oneself in danger.

Wasn’t that wonderful?

Alice clutched the item tightly in her hand.

She had already read about mana cores.

They were expensive, rare even for noble families.

But Ethan was just giving it to her?

"My lord, this is far too expensive..." Alice replied, blushing and looking away.

"It isn’t. And I’m your man, not your lord." Ethan flashed a gentle smile and embraced Alice, his hands resting on her fat, perfect ass.

"Now train hard; I’ll try to get you a mana manipulation manual..." he said, his fingers closing around her ample flesh.

Although Alice knew a healing spell and a fireball spell, her mana manipulation was terrible.

She could only use magic because of her absurdly high talent.

Alice hesitated for a moment before nodding, pressing her lips against Ethan’s, and then running inside the house.

Mana cores not only affected power and mana reserves, they also affected appearance, improving the skin and the body’s overall health.

She was excited not only to become stronger, but also to become more beautiful.

Not that there was much to improve on her, her celestial beauty being technically human perfection incarnate.

Evelyn watched the exchange from behind, arms crossed and lips curled.

She had received the Skull-Crushing Axe as a gift from Ethan, so it was only natural that Alice should receive something valuable as well.

"I think we can go in the morning, Alice will probably be busy absorbing the mana core for a few days." Ethan said, stretching and pulling a book from his robes.

Evelyn wore a strange expression at first, but her eyes lit up as soon as she read the title on the cover.

It was a skill book, and an extremely powerful one at that!

With a big smile, she also went back inside the mansion, locking herself in her room.

"Ah... looks like I’ll be sleeping in the cold tonight..." Ethan shook his head.

Alice was absorbing the mana core in her room, and to do so, she needed to meditate.

That was something that could take up to a week, and during that time, she couldn’t be interrupted.

"Sleeping in the office shouldn’t be that bad..." Ethan scratched his back in defeat.

He couldn’t disrupt Evelyn’s training, nor Alice’s meditation.

What would become of him without those two?

With a grunt, he went to the office, pulled an item card from his inventory, and tore it open.

[Item: Leather and Steel Armor Set

Description: A set of leather armor with patches of steel plates protecting vital organs. Lightweight and durable.

Rank: D]

A full set of armor fell in front of Ethan, complete with steel greaves, gauntlets, and shoulder guards.

The rest was leather, with a fine chainmail shirt to go underneath it all and a breastplate with two steel plates patched onto the front and back.

He arranged the armor carefully, studying its quality.

It was good, even compared to what his father’s soldiers wore, though far inferior to that of a knight.

With a soft sigh, Ethan sat down in the chair and closed his eyes, beginning to meditate.

Tomorrow would be a long day.