Chapter 62: W-wrong hole! (01)

"Mmm~~"

A long, sensual purr echoed through the room, and Evelyn’s body relaxed completely.

She was lying on Ethan’s bed, clutching the pillow, her back arched and her ass raised gloriously, pressing against the young lord’s hips.

Ethan sighed. Alice’s breasts warmed his back, and the squeeze of Evelyn’s full, shapely buttocks enveloped his cock with a tight pressure, her sweat serving as natural lubricant.

Evelyn turned her face, looking over her own delicate shoulders. She observed the expression of pleasure on his face and let a satisfied smile spread across her lips.

She swayed her hips slightly, her ass cheeks moving from side to side; her warm, tanned skin slid against his cock with the movement, squeezing it even tighter.

Ethan smiled at the sight and reached out his hand.

Lubricant wasn’t common in those lands, but luckily, before going to meet the girls, he’d used up all his free and regular gacha tickets. Among the items he’d obtained was a small box of the product.

Not baby oil, thankfully. Ethan didn’t want to be like a certain D he knew from his past life on Earth. It was just generic lube.

"H-hey, what are you doing? Ahn!~~"

Evelyn’s eyes widened as he opened the bottle, aligning it with her pink anus.

"Eethan, that’s the wrong hole, you nghnn~~"

She moaned as the cold liquid flooded into her anus in a torrent.

Soon after, he repositioned his cock, pressing it against her plump, puffy anus, now drenched in lubricant.

The liquid was cold inside her, but he would soon warm her up.

Naturally, there was resistance. The virgin anus clung to his cock, refusing to give way even with the help of the lube.

"Idiot... It won’t fit in there... isn’t my pussy enough for you?♡ ah!~~"

"No..." Ethan pressed forward. "I want more than that. I want all of you."

The cock finally penetrated, and his hips thrust forward, stopping only when they met the soft, creamy skin of that big, perfect ass, the flesh yielding with a glorious squeeze around every inch of him.

"F-fuuuuuuck aghnnn~~ I can’t take this~~... oghnn~~" Evelyn let out a moan that sounded more like a scream.

Her tongue slipped from her lips as her ass was filled to the brim, the inner walls pressing against his cock with a force that seemed to want to expel it and swallow it at the same time.

Something so big and thick inside her ass... how could that be possible?

"Ah..." Ethan gasped, his face flushed.

It was suffocating. Too tight, much tighter than her pussy, a hellish heat surrounding him from all sides. The ring of flesh clung to the base of his cock, pulsing as if trying to suck him in even deeper.

Behind him, Alice’s hands slid up his back. Her breasts, which had been pressed against the small of his back, now reached his shoulders.

Alice was flushed, full of curiosity.

She looked over his shoulders and shuddered as soon as she saw Ethan’s cock buried deep inside Evelyn... not in her pussy, but in her ass.

"E-Ethan... that hole..." Alice closed her eyes, ashamed.

Her man was such a dirty boy...

Ethan smiled at that reaction.

It was fine to suck his cock next to Evelyn, but she couldn’t handle the anal sex scene?

Well, it made sense.

Blowjobs were probably something she’d learned from a book. It was a very conservative world, after all.

Anal probably wasn’t in the Chapter where she learned about pleasing a man with her breasts and mouth.

Ethan shook his head, keeping his left hand on Evelyn’s ass, and with his right, pulling Alice on top of him.

His face immediately found her breasts, large, heavy, and soft, the pink nipples brushing against his lips.

With his face buried in those perfect pillows of flesh, he relaxed. The hand on Alice’s waist slid down slowly, reaching her pussy.

He pressed a single finger against her cleft of Venus.

Alice squealed in embarrassment, her delicate fingers sinking into Ethan’s golden hair.

"H-hey... don’t stick that thing in my ass and then forget about me..." Evelyn complained, and immediately felt the grip of Ethan’s left hand on her ass tighten in response.

"Ah... If you’d at least let me out..." Ethan grunted.

His huge cock slid slowly through the tight ring, the lube helping, but still having its limits.

It was only natural. Evelyn was a second-stage warrior, far tighter than any unawakened woman could ever be.

When only the head was still inside her anus, he thrust it all the way in again.

*Clap*

A loud, wet slap echoed through the room.

Evelyn’s entire body was thrown forward. Her face sank into the pillow as Ethan’s hips slammed into her ass, sending a powerful ripple through her tanned buttocks, the flesh trembling and spreading with each impact before snapping back into place.

She opened her mouth and bit down on the pillow, using it in a futile attempt to stifle her own moans.

There was pain, but also intense pleasure, spreading through her body uncontrollably.

The pillow beneath her was already soaked with her saliva. Her breasts rubbed against the thin fabric covering the bed with every impact of his hips against her ass, her nipples grazing the sheet with a constant, unsettling friction.

"Uff..." Ethan panted lightly against Alice’s breasts, picking up the pace, his eyes closing with pleasure.

That ass was truly heavenly... how had he lived so long without that tightness around him?

The fingers of his left hand closed around her flesh, grabbing as much of that tanned, creamy skin as he could.

Using his grip as support, he increased the speed at which he moved his hips. Evelyn’s resistance crumbled quickly.

"Aghnn~~ fuck... you... pervert, nghnn~~"

Evelyn lost control of her own tongue, which extended out from her full, pink lips.

Even Alice, tended to only by Ethan’s fingers, began to let out increasingly naughty moans. Her body trembled, and her sweet moans intertwined with Evelyn’s mature, seductive moans.

"Putting my cock in that ass was..." Ethan whispered, increasing the speed of his thrusts, his cock sliding in and out incessantly, reaching tight, previously untouched depths.

"The best thing I’ve done in a long time."

He gave one final, victorious thrust.