Chapter 1: Damn system!

In a lush garden, a young man rested on the soft grass.

He was tall and slender, with fair skin and short golden hair, his blue eyes focused on the sky above him.

More specifically, on a strangely shaped cloud, two full, round, protruding mounds.

In the absence of good hentai, he had to be creative.

"Young master, your father awaits you in his office." A deep voice rang out, drawing the young man’s attention away from that cloud.

His name was Ethan Darkwall, a direct descendant of one of the richest and most powerful families in the kingdom of the burning ice.

Ethan painfully abandoned that beautiful sight in the skies, his eyes meeting those of an imposing man.

He was one of the castle’s knights, wearing gleaming silver plate armor.

With a heavy sigh, Ethan stood up and followed the knight through the long corridors of the fortress.

Along the way, the servants cast strange glances in his direction, a mixture of pity and contempt.

Finally, they reached the large door leading to the castle lord’s office.

The knight stood to one side, indicating that Ethan should enter. "The count awaits you," he announced.

Without responding, Ethan entered the room, closing the door behind him.

In the center of the office, seated behind an imposing desk, was a man.

This was Count Robert Darkwall, Ethan’s father and lord of the Darkwall house.

He had gray hair and muscles that seemed to want to burst through the fabric of his elegant black gown, his left eye replaced by a horrible scar.

Robert put down his pen and looked up from his documents, focusing on Ethan.

A strange blue aura emanated from Robert, pressing Ethan to the floor with an invisible force.

"You know, son..." Robert began, standing up and walking to the wine cellar. "It doesn’t bother me that you stare at the Duke of Cadia’s daughter’s bust like an idiot.

They’re huge, they attract attention, I understand." He poured himself a glass of wine.

"But did you really have the audacity to grab them in front of everyone?" His voice rose, "And you even asked if she was "pink"? Have you lost your fucking mind?" He shouted, grabbing Ethan’s shoulders.

Internally, Ethan had no regrets.

He could still feel the divine sensation of touch on his fingertips, the softness of those voluminous breasts, and the sensual moan that escaped the young lady’s lips.

Many would call him a pervert and scum, and perhaps he was, partly through his own fault. But the whole story was more complicated.

The reality was that he had a system, and a pretty fucked-up one at that, one that had undoubtedly doomed his glorious transmigration story.

Under pressure from his father, Ethan just sighed, shaking his head in defeat.

Robert, already accustomed to this behavior, restrained the urge to strike his son. "You have no talent in Aura, nor in Magic, nor in administration. You’re useless," he declared.

"The Duke of Cadia wants your head, and perhaps I should grant his wish," Robert continued, walking over to an ornamental sword on the wall.

’Would I be reincarnated again after I died? Maybe I’d have better luck than with this damn system,’ Ethan reflected bitterly.

"But I won’t," Robert surprised him, leaving the sword on the table. "I will banish you to the Eternal Forest. You will be escorted to an isolated settlement and will never be able to return.

Use our family name at will there, not that it will be of much value in that place," he concluded with a dry laugh.

Hearing this, Ethan’s eyes widened. "Son of a b-..." he began, but stopped himself.

Although he appeared to be addressing his father, his eyes were elsewhere.

[Quest: {A new beginning!}

Description: Finally, a chance to leave this cursed place with no prospects! Accept your father’s punishment and travel to the Eternal Forest!

Reward: ?????

Punishment for failure: Death]

’Fucking system... this was always your plan, wasn’t it?’ Ethan cursed inwardly, but didn’t dare show his discontent.

He was already in trouble; making the situation worse wouldn’t help him.

Robert ignored the near-curse and continued, "I will give you five guards and fifty gold coins. They will escort you there and return. Keep the money safe."

"Yes, Father."

"Father?" Robert raised an eyebrow, a dense blue aura emanating from his body and forcing Ethan’s head to the ground.

"Yes, my lord," Ethan corrected himself, his teeth clenched in pain as the strange energy burned his skin.

"Go out and pack your things. You will leave today. I don’t want to see your face again."

Silently, Ethan got up and left, leaving Robert and the butler alone.

After a few moments of silence, the butler stepped forward. "My lord, if you wish to give him a punishment lighter than death, why the Eternal Forest? Going to that place is a sentence worse than death for a boy like him."

"The sentence is the same as death," Robert replied, pouring himself more wine. "I wanted to kill him myself, but I don’t want to carry that stain on my heart."

Robert paused, his gaze wandering to the map of the continent that covered almost an entire wall of his office.

The Eternal Forest was one of the seven forbidden zones of that world, one of the largest and closest to Robert’s lands.

He had already tried, in vain, to colonize the place. Of the ten settlements he had attempted to establish, only one survived, and even that was on the verge of collapse.

It was to this last bastion that he was sending his son, a settlement that would probably not last more than a few months.

Did he regret it? Not at all! He still had his balls intact and many other heirs.

He could do more whenever he wanted!

"I just hope the church doesn’t make a fuss about it... they’ve already asked us to withdraw all our forces from that place."