Chapter 59: Reclaim what is rightfully yours!

"Shit... shit... I’m so screwed... so screwed..." A desperate male voice echoed from the depths of a tavern in the capital of the Kingdom of the Burning Ice.

If Ethan had been there, he would have recognized the owner of that voice immediately: the one who was supposed to be the original Golden Lord of Goldenveil, the one from whom Ethan had stolen everything.

His name was Erick, son of one of the world’s greatest oil tycoons and part of the elite selected to be the Golden Lords.

His eyes were sunken, glued to a single screen of the system in front of him:

[Mission: Reclaim what is rightfully yours!

Description: You have been robbed of your position as a Golden Lord! Fight against the one who stole your position and reclaim it! A map showing your opponent’s location has been added to your inventory.

Time Limit: 6 months

Failure Penalty: Complete Death

Rewards: Title of "Goldenveil Golden Lord," +500 XP, + 1x random skill book. (In case of failure, rewards will be given to your opponent.)]

"Shit... how the hell am I supposed to do this?" Erick whined.

Honestly, he already knew he was completely screwed.

His father was asking a lot of questions about the development of his settlement; if he found out what had happened, at the very least he’d disinherit Erick.

Killing his own son, however, wasn’t far from what that damn sadist would do to calm his nerves.

Just thinking about it terrified Erick, but that wasn’t even the main problem.

His eyes fell on the punishment for failure.

What the hell was a complete death?

Would his body on earth die too if he failed? If that were the case...

"I have no choice, do I?" Erick whined, clutching his chest with his right hand.

He was angry. No...

He was more than just angry.

He was supposed to be a great Golden Lord; he was supposed to be among the elite of the elite.

He wasn’t supposed to be just some drunk in a seedy tavern.

Erick’s lips curled, and he gripped the sword at his waist.

He no longer had the land he was supposed to inherit, yes, but he still had an advantage he was certain his opponent didn’t possess.

He was rich. Rich as hell.

Even if the currencies of the two worlds weren’t convertible, he could simply buy directly from players and pay them a fair price.

If he could get enough gold and a group of powerful mercenaries, Erick was set.

With a big smile, he closed his eyes, and when he opened them, he was inside a capsule in a luxurious room of a massive mansion.

Stepping out of the capsule and rushing to the computer, he began typing.

[I buy gold coins for real money, paying four times the market value.]

***

Ethan naturally had no way of knowing what was happening beyond the eternal forest.

He knew of the existence of the Golden Lords because the system had mentioned them, but what about those other strange creatures that ran back and forth and called the population of this world "NPCs"?

He had no idea such creatures existed.

And even if he had known, he wouldn’t have cared in the least, because he now had bigger problems, his eyes fixed on a series of system notifications he had received.

[You have received a new mission! "The Path to Glory (02)"]

[Quest: The Path to Glory. (02)

Description: Elevate your settlement to the level of a small village within three months.

Penalty for failure: none

Rewards: 2 premium tickets, 5 common tickets, +100% XP, +6 prestige, unlock a random basic skill from the Golden Lord’s Ring.]

[Goldenveil’s growth is considerable, and it is already a settlement worthy of at least being remembered by passersby. A merchant will visit Goldenveil in two months.]

Those first notifications were good, very good in fact.

A new quest to earn premium tickets, plus the news that a merchant would visit them, giving Ethan the opportunity to finally put his gold to good use.

Unfortunately, the other notifications that followed weren’t quite as positive.

[After noticing Goldenveil’s expansion and the extermination of a nearby goblin camp, local goblin groups have grown concerned about their existence.

Two goblin camps east of Goldenveil have decided to join forces to deal with this rising human settlement.

An attack will occur in two to three months. In the event of a successful defense, great rewards will be given to the host.]

Ethan read that notification over and over again, his face growing increasingly heavy.

He wanted to deal with those goblins, obviously.

But there was a problem.

When he destroyed the small camp west of Goldenveil, they had launched a surprise attack, killing dozens of goblins before they were even noticed.

The final numbers were manageable enough for him, Evelyn, and the guard to kill them without being surrounded and attacked from all sides.

But those two tribes were different.

Together, they numbered more than five hundred goblins ready for combat, with at least four hobgoblins among them.

Even if they didn’t attack with everything they had, dealing with more than two or three hundred goblins who already knew they were there and were prepared was very dangerous.

Ethan wanted to wait a little longer before wasting precious manpower on the guard.

Almost all the able-bodied men were already working on clearing a path between Goldenveil and Lake Azur, with many others also building the temporary towers around the walls.

Unfortunately, he would have to slow down the progress of those projects a bit and, for now, focus on expanding the guard as much as possible, giving at least basic training to most of his people.

If they wanted to hold out, everyone would have to fight together.

Ethan was about to leave the office and go after Doran, who was accompanying the workers clearing the path between Goldenveil and Lake Azur.

But after thinking for a moment, he changed his mind, taking a look at his inventory and checking how many gacha tickets he had accumulated.

Ten premium gacha tickets. Twenty common gacha tickets. Twenty-three free gacha tickets.

That was the result of a lot of effort, a few missions, and raising Evelyn’s loyalty and opinion to the maximum level.

It was a good amount, actually a very good one.

’Come on. At least one Rank S item or a busty warrior goddess isn’t too much to ask, right?’ Ethan almost pleaded, remembering the gacha games he used to play in his life on Earth.

With an anxious look, he pulled out the premium tickets first, holding the golden cards firmly before tearing them all at once.