Chapter 8: Alice (06)

"It’ll hurt a little at first, but I promise it’ll feel good soon..." Ethan whispered in Alice’s ear.

Slowly, the fat lips of her vulva gave way and his cock penetrated her, the reddish head being swallowed by the tight, wet embrace of her pussy.

"Nghnn~~ okay~~" Alice nodded with a soft, shy movement of her head.

Smiling reassuringly, Ethan pushed forward a little more. He felt the moment when he penetrated her completely, breaking her purity.

He pushed forward, sinking deeper and deeper, until he finally stopped.

The reddish tip of his cock reached the depths of her womb, his hips slapping against her perfect thighs and buttocks with a loud smack.

"E-Ethan~~ oh... gods... so... nghnn~~ big~~" Alice’s eyes widened, a wave of pain washing over her body before slowly being replaced by pleasure.

She gripped the sheets tightly, her knuckles white with tension as her body trembled.

Her huge breasts swayed with the impact.

Her back arched and her hands went to her perfect twin mountains, squeezing them against her delicate torso, trying and failing miserably to hide them from Ethan’s gaze.

Ethan gasped, leaning over Alice and planting a soft kiss on her neck, feeling her pussy fight to crush his cock.

He moved his hands, grabbing her waist, his fingers sinking into her soft, creamy skin.

Slowly, he pulled his hips back, sliding almost completely out, before thrusting forward again.

Clap His hips met her crotch, her body bouncing with the impact, her breasts briefly escaping the grip of his hands before Alice grabbed them again.

She instinctively tried to stop them from bouncing, but Ethan wouldn’t let her, holding her wrists and pulling her against him, allowing her breasts to jiggle freely.

Ethan’s cock filled her completely, as if there was no room for anything else inside her.

"So... fucking... tight..." Ethan gritted his teeth, releasing her hands and giving one of her breasts a gentle pat.

The pale, perfect orb was taken over by a slow, heavy undulation.

With one hand squeezing one of Alice’s breasts, Ethan’s free hand slid down, passing over her soft hips to her plump thighs, clenching them firmly.

"Nghnn~~ Don’t say those nghnn~~ embarrassing things~~" Alice pleaded, trying to stifle her lewd moans and hide her embarrassed face.

The request was granted by Ethan, who shut his mouth and focused only on fucking that fat, tight pussy with all his strength, increasing his speed even more.

"Aghnn~~ fuck... gods... oh~~" Alice completely lost control, desperately clinging to the fabric covering the bed, her eyes rolling back as her tongue slipped out from between her lips.

Ethan kept his left hand on her hips for support while his right hand moved up, his arm sinking between her breasts and his index finger finding her mouth.

Instinctively, Alice began to lick.

The soft slurping of her lips sucking his finger echoed along with her moans, her tongue wrapping around it, rivers of saliva dripping down her chin.

Feeling the intense contractions around his member, Ethan could no longer resist. He grabbed Alice’s even more firmly, burying himself deep with one last strong thrust.

Her eyes widened for a moment as she felt the heat spreading inside her, but soon closed.

Her lips parted in a moan so loud it sounded more like a scream.

She could feel her pussy convulsing nonstop, an incomprehensible sensation taking over her body.

Inside her, Ethan’s cock throbbed painfully one last time before releasing one explosion of viscous, hot cum after another, filling her to the brim.

Her small, delicate hands rose, trying to cover the wanton expression she knew adorned her beautiful face.

"I think I’m in love with you..." Ethan murmured as he prevented her from covering her face, holding her wrists gently and pulling them away, revealing her vulnerable, breathless expression.

Without giving her time to protest, he leaned in and sealed her lips with a kiss.

When they parted, Ethan saw her lips break into a shy smile.

"Nghnnn~~ I-I think I’m in love with you t-too..." Alice murmured weakly.

"Good..." Ethan replied with a satisfied smile.

Slowly, he began to move his hips backward.

A wet pop echoed as his cock slipped out of her tight pussy, thick white liquid dripping between her plump, full labia.

Ethan lay down beside her, pulling her closer.

He wrapped his arms around her, nestling Alice’s body against his in a spooning position.

Her head rested on his left arm, and with his right hand, Ethan began to gently explore her body.

His fingers slid over her soft skin, passing over her fleshy thighs, feeling the curve of her wide hips, down to her slim waist.

Finally, he firmly grasped one of her enormous breasts, massaging it hard.

"You’re going to take responsibility... right?" Alice broke the silence, her voice low, almost a whisper, laden with shy insecurity.

Ethan smiled slightly, leaning down to kiss her neck, tasting the soft, salty flavor of her sweaty skin.

"And make you my wife?" He asked.

"Hm-mm~" Alice replied with a high-pitched, cute nasal sound as she snuggled even closer to his body.

"Yes... I will make you my wife..." Ethan affirmed, the smile remaining on his lips.

Unfortunately, the smile soon faded and he forced seriousness into his voice: "But... would you accept me as your man, even if I had other wives?"

Ethan knew well what the system required of him, and doubted he could be content with just Alice.

Alice shuddered when she heard those words, as if something cold had run down her spine.

There was a moment of hesitation, but after a few seconds of silence, she finally replied, somewhat reluctantly: "Y-yes..."

"Then so be it." Ethan smiled back, noticing the uncertainty in her voice, but determined to give her time to process it.

After a moment of silence, he finally continued: "I have something to ask you... but it’s not a good thing."

"What?" Alice raised an eyebrow, confused.

"I want to become the next Golden Lord, but for that, I need you to betray the one who will be summoned to that position." Ethan spoke firmly and bluntly.

Alice stood up abruptly, her eyes now wide and teary.

"Why?" Her voice sounded shaky and a little betrayed.

Was that why he had approached her?

"Gaia." Ethan replied simply, a name that made Alice freeze.

She stared at him, her mind processing nervously.

"That... is the name of the system you received, isn’t it?" He continued.

"I also have this system. In fact, I should be a Golden Lord, but an error occurred. Now, I need to steal the place of the one who will be summoned, or I will die." Ethan spoke honestly.

He was in no position to make up stories and lies.

Alice’s face went through a series of conflicting emotions.

She stood still for a moment, her gaze distant, as if she were receiving a message from the system itself, perhaps a mission related to Ethan’s request.

Finally, after long seconds that seemed like an eternity, Alice replied, her voice low and restrained: "Okay~~"