Chapter 125: Taking Care the Needy MILF (R-18)

"If you really want to take Zilu with you," Sarah said finally in a voice unlike any she had used up to that point, "...then you should leave me something of equal value."

"And what exactly is a child’s life worth?"

"Guess, genius."

And before Mark could respond, she pulled him into a deep kiss.

Sarah’s tongue played against his with clear desperation and desire. When they finally separated, she was breathing slightly faster.

"Are you sure about what you’re asking me?" Mark asked, seeing how quickly things had escalated between them.

"...I don’t know," she admitted with a sincerity Mark hadn’t expected. "Maybe I’m just frustrated, or maybe it’s because I’m in my fertile period."

Then she got comfortable on her knees on the couch, legs spread over him, leaving them face to face.

"But at this point..." she continued as she wrapped her arms around Mark’s neck, "frankly, I don’t care anymore."

He kissed her back hard, sliding his tongue into her mouth while feeling Sarah respond with the same urgency.

When they finally separated, Sarah’s cheeks were flushed and her fox ears twitched slightly.

Without saying anything, Mark slid his hands along her sides until they reached her thighs and began caressing her slowly.

"Ah..." she moaned as she felt Mark’s hands.

Then Mark grabbed the hem of Sarah’s one-piece dress and slowly slid it up her legs.

The fabric moved easily, first revealing her pale thighs and then, when it reached her waist, leaving her pussy completely exposed, showing that she wasn’t wearing any underwear.

Mark noticed almost immediately how wet she was. Her vaginal lips were glistening with moisture, and a thin, transparent strand was already running down the inside of her thighs.

"Please... hurry up... and touch me," she begged in a low, urgent voice, moving her hips slightly.

Mark smiled with an amused expression when he heard the woman’s pleas.

"You’re so impatient," he murmured near Sarah’s ear.

And with that, he didn’t make her wait any longer.

He slid two fingers between her wet folds, feeling the intense heat and the abundant lubrication covering her pussy.

Sarah gasped the instant Mark’s fingers brushed against her clit.

He started moving them in slow circles at first, pressing the pads of his fingers against her clit.

"Ah... yes... just like that," Sarah moaned, arching her back slightly. "Agg... I feel so much heat... my whole body is burning..."

Then Sarah began to squirm on his lap, breathing more and more agitated, as her moans became louder and more desperate.

"It’s too hot... I can’t stand it anymore," she gasped, her voice broken with desperation.

Suddenly, Sarah raised both hands, grabbed the top of her dress, and with one strong tug, ripped the fabric apart. The sound of tearing cloth filled the room.

The dress split open from her chest down to the waist, and she kept pulling until the garment was completely destroyed, leaving her pale breasts fully exposed along with her nipples, already hard from arousal.

Her slender torso, flat stomach, and wet pussy were now completely visible to Mark with no barriers.

He felt his cock throb hard inside his pants at the sight of Sarah’s naked body.

Her skin was slightly flushed from the heat and excitement, and her fox ears were standing up and trembling.

Without stopping the movement of his fingers, Mark pushed another finger into her hot, slippery pussy, causing her to let out a louder moan as she squeezed her thighs around his hand.

"Like that... faster..." Sarah pleaded, moving her hips against his hand.

Hearing the poor woman’s pleas, Mark acted immediately.

His fingers entered and exited her pussy with firm movements, producing an obscene sound every time he thrust them in and out.

She began moving with even more desperation on Mark’s hand, making her breasts rise and fall rapidly.

Suddenly, her body tensed completely and her nails dug into Mark’s shoulders.

"Oh goddess... I’m... about to..." Sarah moaned with difficulty.

Then her inner walls contracted violently around Mark’s fingers as an intense orgasm ran through her.

Sarah let out a long, sharp moan while her pussy squeezed tightly, releasing a hot stream of juices that completely soaked Mark’s hand and part of his pants.

"But look at the mess you made," he whispered as he felt his hand get drenched.

Mark continued moving his fingers slowly inside her, prolonging the pleasure until Sarah’s spasms began to subside.

And when he finally pulled his fingers out, they were shiny and covered in Sarah’s vaginal juices.

She remained lying on him, breathing heavily, her body still trembling with the aftershocks of her orgasm. She leaned toward Mark’s face and kissed him passionately.

Mark, for his part, had his cock so hard it hurt.

The bulge in his pants was obvious, and the pressure against the fabric had become almost unbearable.

Sarah slowly pulled away from the kiss, her amber eyes fixed on Mark’s.

"What do you think about continuing this in my bedroom?" she asked, biting her lip as she looked at Mark’s large erection.

He didn’t respond with words. Instead, he quickly slid one hand under Sarah’s legs and the other behind her back, lifting her in a single movement.

Sarah let out a small sound of surprise as she was lifted, and her arms instinctively wrapped around Mark’s neck.

"...I can walk by myself, you know?" she said, trying to sound annoyed.

"I know, but this is more exciting," Mark replied with a smile.

Mark walked toward one of the side doors of the room, pushed it open with his shoulder, and entered Sarah’s bedroom.

The room was simple. A large bed with white sheets, a nightstand with a lit candle, and nothing else.

Mark approached the bed and gently laid her down on it.

Sarah stayed lying there, looking up at him from below, her long black hair with red streaks spread across the pillow.

"Come here, stud... Don’t make me wait any longer"