Chapter 34: Consequences of Entering Without Knocking

After deciding he would head to the Demon Lord’s dungeon, Mark spent the last few hours trying to gather as much information as possible about it.

And what he learned was, at the very least, interesting.

According to Ely and Aria, the Demon Lord’s dungeon wasn’t guarded and was technically considered open access.

Which sounded great in theory.

But in practice?

No low-rank adventurer in their right mind would go there voluntarily—it would be suicide.

And high-rank adventurers avoided it unless they had the backing of a nation, because going alone or in a small group was basically inviting death to come pay you a visit.

If the dungeon was essentially abandoned, he could farm experience without worrying about being recognized or having to deal with other adventurers.

Mark finished adjusting the straps of his black cloak and mentally reviewed his inventory.

’Mana potions, health potions, some food... I think I’m ready.’

But there were still a few details that bothered him—specifically, the fact that the dungeon hadn’t collapsed after the Demon Lord’s death.

’Vorax said dungeons collapse when their boss dies. So why didn’t this one?’

Mark frowned, pausing in the middle of his preparations.

He stood motionless, an idea forming in his mind.

’Unless the boss isn’t actually dead... or someone else strong enough has taken control.’

’Aria said the Demon Lord was defeated by the hero party.’

’So what the hell was going on?’

The problem was that Mark knew practically nothing about demons or their history in this world.

When he played the game, demons were just another type of enemy—there wasn’t much lore about them.

And neither Aria nor Ely knew much beyond the fact that they were supposed to be eliminated.

’...I need more information. And I know exactly who to ask.’

Mark turned and left his chamber, heading toward the seventh floor of the dungeon.

’Cali.’

She was a demon—a succubus, to be specific—and also his subordinate.

The place she had chosen as her room had been on the seventh floor even before Mark took control of the dungeon, and after defeating Vorax, she had submitted completely to him.

’I shouldn’t have any trouble getting the information I want from her.’

Besides, Cali was a demon. She probably knew more about the Demon Lord than Ely or Aria did.

Mark continued on his way, passing through the ninth and eighth floors until he finally reached his destination.

The seventh floor was significantly darker than the upper levels.

The walls were made of rough black stone, and the only illumination came from white crystals embedded in the ceiling that emitted a faint glow.

Mark walked through the seventh floor, passing several undead monsters patrolling the area.

There were skeletons in rusted armor, zombies dragging themselves down the corridors, and a few specters floating silently.

Each one bowed respectfully when they noticed his presence.

’Still weird seeing the monsters react like this. Guess that’s part of being the dungeon master.’

Mark kept walking until he reached one of the corners of the seventh floor.

There, in the wall, was a dark deviation—a narrow passage that disappeared into blackness.

’Guess this is it.’

Mark had asked Aria where Cali’s room was.

Though she reacted with a bit of jealousy at the idea of Mark going to Cali’s room instead of just summoning her to the throne room, she eventually told him what he wanted to know.

Mark stepped into the passage.

Darkness swallowed him immediately, and if not for a passive skill from his necromancer class, he wouldn’t have been able to see a thing.

The passage was narrow—barely wide enough for one person—and the walls were black stone.

’Cozy.’

Mark kept walking, going deeper into the passage.

The air grew warmer the further he went, and Mark noticed a strange smell—something sweet.

’What’s that smell?’

Mark frowned but pressed on.

And then, out of nowhere, he saw light ahead.

’What is that?’

The light was dim, a flickering orange glow that seemed to come from farther down the passage.

Mark quickened his pace, moving toward the source.

As he got closer, the narrow passage gradually widened.

Then the sweet smell grew stronger, and Mark could hear something—a soft, rhythmic sound he couldn’t quite identify.

’What’s that sound?’

Finally, he reached the source of the light.

The passage opened into a wide area, the size of a large room—maybe five meters across and seven long.

Mark stopped at the entrance, looking around in surprise.

The room was decorated.

And not in the way Mark had expected.

Books were stacked in the corners—some old and worn, others relatively new.

Clothes were scattered across the floor—dresses, cloaks, light armor, all in different styles and sizes. Backpacks leaned against the walls, some open to reveal their contents: potions, scrolls, adventurer tools.

And even a few weapons hung on makeshift hooks on the walls—swords, daggers, a bow, a spear.

All of it probably belonged to dead adventurers Cali had collected over the years.

Candles were lit throughout the room—dozens of them, in different sizes and colors—providing a soft, flickering light.

’So that was the smell... scented candles.’

In the center of the room was a large bed—surprisingly luxurious for being inside a dungeon. It had white sheets and plush pillows.

’Where the hell did she get a bed like that?’

And on that bed...

Mark froze.

’Fuck.’

Cali was completely naked on the bed.

Her red skin, adorned with irregular black markings, contrasted sharply with the white sheets beneath her. Her short white hair spilled across the pillow under her head. And her long, slender tail lazily swished from side to side.

And she was masturbating.

One of her hands was between her legs, fingers moving rhythmically while her back arched slightly.

Her other hand caressed one of her breasts, fingers gently pinching her nipple—which was adorned with a golden piercing.

Her eyes were closed, and curiously, she was wearing what looked like reading glasses.

And with her mouth slightly open, she let out soft moans that filled the room.

’So... that was the sound I heard.’