Chapter 184: Taking the Queen’s Virginity (R-18)

Mark quickly intensified the kiss. His lips pressed hard against hers as their tongues met and began moving with urgency, twisting and exploring each other.

The kiss that had started soft quickly became deeper and more desperate.

Emilia let out a small moan against his mouth, and Mark pulled her closer, pressing her body tightly against his until he could feel her hard nipples through the fabric.

Without breaking the kiss, they both moved fully onto the bed. Mark positioned himself on top of her, settling between her legs as they continued kissing.

When they finally pulled apart to catch their breath, Emilia looked down and noticed Mark’s massive erection straining hard against his shorts.

Her eyes widened slightly and her cheeks flushed even deeper.

"Please... don’t be rough," she whispered, her voice trembling. "This is my first time..."

Mark looked into her eyes and nodded gently.

"It’s okay," he replied, his voice hoarse. "Let me take care of everything..."

Emilia let out a shaky sigh and lay back completely on the bed.

Mark slowly kissed his way down her body, starting at her neck, then her collarbone, and moving down the center of her chest. His hands pushed up the black nightgown to her waist, revealing that she wasn’t wearing any panties underneath.

He paused for a second when he saw the Queen’s completely exposed and already wet pussy right in front of him.

"So this was your plan from the beginning..." Mark said playfully, looking at her with a small smile.

The Queen let out a soft, embarrassed laugh and covered her face slightly with one hand.

"You caught me..." she admitted softly.

Mark didn’t say anything else. He lowered his head and slowly ran his tongue along her pussy lips, savoring her completely.

Emilia let out a muffled moan and gripped the sheets tightly with both hands.

Mark continued licking her calmly, running his tongue along her entire slit and stopping at her clit, sucking on it gently with his lips.

"Ahh... yes..." Emilia moaned, instinctively moving her hips.

She arched her back and let out a louder moan as Mark’s tongue flicked faster over her clit.

Emilia was breathing heavily, her chest rising and falling rapidly. Her legs trembled slightly on either side of Mark’s head.

"It feels... so good..." she gasped, gripping the sheets even tighter.

Mark kept licking her gently for several minutes, feeling her get wetter and wetter. When he noticed she was getting close, he sped up the movements of his tongue.

"Ahhh...!"

The Queen let out a long moan as her body tensed. Her hips bucked against Mark’s mouth as she came, soaking his face and tongue with her hot juices.

"Delicious..." he whispered as he lifted his head, his lips glistening with her wetness.

Mark began kissing his way back up her body, kissing her stomach and moving toward her breasts. But he stopped halfway and, with a quick motion, grabbed the center of her black nightgown and ripped it open in one strong pull.

The fabric tore easily, leaving Emilia completely exposed and vulnerable in front of him. She let out a small gasp of surprise as she was left fully naked.

Mark got on his knees on the bed to admire her better.

Emilia lay there with her legs slightly spread, hands at her sides, breathing heavily as she looked at him with a mix of nervousness and desire.

"You’re beautiful..." he murmured as his eyes roamed over her body.

His erection was obvious, straining hard against his shorts, visibly throbbing and begging to be freed.

The Queen noticed the large bulge and a shy smile appeared on her lips. She lifted one foot and began caressing Mark’s crotch with the sole of her foot, pressing gently against his hard cock.

"You don’t have to hold back anymore..." she whispered, her voice trembling with desire.

Mark breathed harder as he felt Emilia’s foot rubbing against his cock. She continued moving her foot slowly, stroking him over the fabric, and then, with more confidence, used both feet to pull his shorts down to his thighs.

Mark’s cock sprang free, thick, hard, and already leaking precum from the tip. Emilia looked at it with bright eyes and began playing with it using one of her feet.

The sole of her foot ran along his entire length, pressing gently, while the toes of her other foot caressed and massaged his balls.

"Your little friend is really desperate to get inside me..." she said playfully, her voice slightly breathless. "You shouldn’t make him wait any longer..."

Mark let out a low sigh as he felt Emilia’s feet teasing him, his cock throbbing hard and leaking more precum that dripped onto the Queen’s feet.

Emilia kept moving her feet slowly, rubbing the sensitive head of his cock and gently squeezing his balls.

Mark was breathing heavily, trying to hold back as he watched the Queen use her feet to provoke him. Until, in a quick motion, he grabbed her feet with his hands and stopped her teasing.

Without saying a word, he positioned himself fully on top of her, grabbed both of Emilia’s wrists and pinned them to the bed, one on each side of her head.

"Teasing people like that is very bad..." he said in a husky voice, looking down at her.

The Queen looked at him with shining eyes and a playful smile appeared on her lips despite being pinned down.

"If that’s the case... then I’m a very bad girl~" she whispered provocatively. "Don’t you think I should be punished?"

Mark let out a short laugh and pressed her wrists harder into the mattress.

"Well... that’s exactly what I was thinking of doing."

The Queen felt a shiver run through her entire body at his tone.

Mark leaned down and kissed her hard, shoving his tongue into her mouth while keeping her hands pinned. The kiss was intense and dominant. Emilia moaned against his lips, moving her hips impatiently beneath him.

After a few seconds, he released one of her hands so he could grab his cock and guide it urgently toward the Queen’s soaked entrance.

When the thick head brushed against her wet pussy lips, pressing against her opening, she let out a small, shaky gasp at the feeling of him so close yet still not inside.

Mark rubbed the tip of his cock against her pussy several times, coating it with her wetness, before aligning it properly.

Then Mark began pushing forward, sinking his entire cock inside her in one smooth thrust, breaking her hymen in a single motion.

"Ahh...!" Emilia moaned loudly, arching her back and digging her nails into Mark’s back.

A sharp sting of pain shot through her for a second, making her body tense.

He stopped the moment he felt the resistance break, staying still inside her to let her adjust.

The Queen was breathing hard, eyes slightly closed, her face twisted in momentary pain.

"Breathe..." he murmured against her ear, kissing her neck softly. "It’s over now."

Emilia nodded, still panting, and little by little the pain was replaced by a feeling of fullness and heat as her pussy clenched tightly around Mark’s cock.

"I’m going to start moving... okay?"

"Y-yes..."

Mark waited a few more seconds before beginning to move slowly inside her, with gentle and controlled thrusts, allowing her to get used to his size.