Chapter 511 My Dragoness [R-18]

Vritra and Yasmine remained in a tight embrace, the two savouring this long-awaited moment.

He hugged her soft body tightly; the dragoness had just the perfect curves with big assets.

Yasmine's body trembled as Vritra lightly bit her earlobe before whispering: "Wifey, I think it is time for you to pay off all the debt."

Smiling, she asked the question whose answer she already knew.

"Oh, what debt? I don't remember borrowing money. Oh wait, don't tell me you are asking for rent." Yasmine asked playfully; her voice sounded so nice and melodic.

"This debt." From her back, one of Vritra's hands slid down, arriving over her supple and bouncy ass.

"Ahhh~" Yasmine let out a faint moan as he gripped her ass cheek, his fingers sinking into her soft flesh.

"Finally, you are going to get the long-awaited spanks." Vritra said, squeezing the squishy flesh.

With her cheek resting over his shoulder, the dragoness resigned herself to her fate, muttering dramatically: "Haa, fine. Do as you please to my body; I'm yours anyway. Hubby, be gentle."

Vritra laughed at his wife's playfulness, but it wasn't enough to get her out of her punishment.

But he wanted to take his time with his first waifu, savouring every moment and making every first special for her.

In a way, Vritra and Yasmine were each other's first love.

Sliding an arm under her feet, Vritra picked her up, then he looked around and walked towards the bed.

"You have no problem with us doing it here, right?" Vritra asked, pausing for a moment.

"…Yes, it is fine. I don't want to waste a moment or wait to move to another place. Hubby, I want you right now." Yasmine's voice was full of affection and infatuation.

Vritra slowly put her gently down on the bed.

Among all his women, Yasmine was the oldest, then came Yennefer, then Maeve, Diana, Vanessa, and Fiona.

Also, she has been with him ever since he was thrown into that hell and had supported him at every turn of life.

Whether it be emotionally or in dangerous situations or with just her vast knowledge.

He was truly lucky to have such awesome wives.

For a few moments, he just stared at her face. If he had just stayed on Earth, how could he have met someone so amazing and gorgeous?

Even the dragoness couldn't help but blush slightly as she felt his passionate and intense gaze, feeling his overwhelming love.

She just wanted to drown in it.

Leaning downwards, Vritra lightly pressed his lips against hers before pulling back and asking:

"Wifey, are you ready?"

"Mmm." Yasmine nodded, slightly nervous but also extremely excited.

The whole room was sealed completely; even if the whole realm were to be destroyed, the two wouldn't be disturbed.

Gazing down at her mouth-watering body, Vritra slowly began to remove her clothes.

Yasmine sat up, helping him.

As the dress slipped off her shoulder, Vritra kissed her shoulder before putting the dress away.

Then he removed her bra and panty, and finally her completely naked form was before him.

Yasmine's body was just too hot; she wasn't a succubus yet but wouldn't be defeated by Vanessa.

Vritra was lost for a moment as his gaze travelled over her buttery smooth curves, her skin looking so creamy.

And the big soft breasts; the pink nipples were still soft. The sight made his mouth dry.

"Hubby, let me help you too." Yasmine said, feeling his burning gaze devouring her body.

This was going to be a very, very long day.

Soon, Vritra was completely naked too. Despite having seen him naked so many times before, this was just so different.

"Wifey, I haven't asked you about it before, but do you also have any kinks?" Vritra asked as he sat over her; his hands slid across her belly before settling over her boobs.

The moment he pressed, his fingers just sank into the ultimate softness; the shape of her boobs twisted as he started squeezing both her breasts.

"Hmmm~ Not really. I just want you to love me more intensely than you do with any of your other women, a-and—"

Asking him to do things like that was actually a bit embarrassing, but Yasmine wouldn't let the shyness stop her from having her special experience.

"COUGH! I want you to eat me out." Yasmine said in a single breath. She has always wanted to try that; just the thought was very exciting.

"Alright." Vritra nodded. He already planned to do that; how could he not taste such a delicious dish that lay bare before him?

"Haa, mmm~" Yasmine felt sensitive all over from just getting her boobs squeezed.

Now it was time to start, the first experience of his first wife.

Finally letting her boobs go, Vritra slid his arms under her as he leaned down; their naked forms pressed together.

Feeling each other's skin directly, the two felt their bodies becoming hot.

Her boobs squeezed against his chest, her nipples rubbing against his skin.

Yasmine wrapped her arms around his neck as their lips got pulled towards one another like magnets.

For the third time, Vritra kissed her moist pink lips, but this time he didn't pull back; instead, he pressed further.

He took her plump lips into his mouth, biting it gently and sucking on it before pulling her lips slightly.

As he let go, her lower lip bounced back softly; her pink lips were just too delicious.

Once again, he took her lips. Yasmine had knowledge but lacked the practice, so she followed along with him, reciprocating the kiss.

Her tongue moved forward, licking his lips before making its way into Vritra's mouth.

Yasmine's tongue clumsily moved around in his mouth, with their lips pressed together tightly.

"Mhmmm~ SLURP Mmmph~" She let out muffled moans into his mouth.

Her body shivered as she felt his tongue against her own, the taste of Vritra's mouth filling her senses.

'So… tasty.' Both had the same thought as their tongues rubbed and tangled together, intertwining in a searing hot kiss.

Yasmine's eyes were shut tight; she felt his growing member making its way between her thighs, pressing against her vagina.

Feeling it growing hard against her thighs, the dragoness felt a shiver run through her body.

Her nipples turned hard, rubbing and pressing into his chest while the two continued the passionate kiss.

'Such a bliss…' Yasmine sucked on his mouth; the mix of their saliva filling her mouth.

GULP

Their tongues battled from one mouth to another, wrapping around one another.

Vritra pulled back as a clear line of saliva connected their mouths. He looked down at her erotic expression.

She was panting heavily, looking back at him with a hungry gaze.

Vritra smiled, giving a light kiss on her lips. He bit her earlobe and then pressed his lips against her neck.

The dragoness smelled really nice, and her moans were just the cherry on the cake.

He wanted to mark her body both inside and outside, enter her and fill her up.

His teeth sank into her buttery skin, lips dragging along as he sucked her neck, leaving dark kiss marks.

"Hnnnn~ aaaah~ Hubby, it feels… so good, mmmm~" Yasmine couldn't help but mumble; this was far better than she expected.

His tongue and lips moved over her milky skin, licking, sucking, and biting as he continued to leave marks over her body.

❖❖❖