Chapter 131: Strawberry [R-18]

"Hoo, I won..." she felt a bit better at winning at least one round, but Vritra would still get to have one request. Knowing that the first request he makes would be absurd and only to cancel her single request, she added:

"I will cancel my first request with yours, so tell me what is your final request?"

"Hmmm, let me eat your vagina," Vritra said, his smile widening.

"E- Eat my...? No, we can’t. I- I want to cancel this request," Fiona spoke in a hurry. She suddenly felt so hot, as if steam was rising on top of her head.

"T- That’s too... erotic. Can you c- change your request?" she asked, her thighs squeezed as she imagined something lewd.

"No, you have already used your request. So, do you want to stop the game now? That is fine by me. It’s a pity that the deal would be off after we came this far already," Vritra sighed and was about to move.

"F- Fine, just finish it." Fiona lay back and closed her eyes. If she really backed out now, wouldn’t getting her nipples sucked be for nothing?

"Alright, let’s start then. Thanks for the meal," Vritra mumbled as he slid off her clothes and even removed her panties.

Feeling ashamed, Fiona closed her legs, trying to hide her pussy from his eyes. But Vritra gripped her soft thighs and pulled her legs apart, exposing her secret part.

’I- I can’t believe this is happening...’ Fiona muttered and turned her face to the side in utter shame and guilt. She still couldn’t believe that she was allowing him to not only touch but suck her vagina.

But why was this all feeling so good, so exciting? This secret play made her want more. She glanced and saw Vritra sitting between her legs, gazing down at the part that should have only been revealed to the person she would marry.

Vritra stared at her beautiful pink pussy, which seemed to be glistening slightly, making Fiona even more embarrassed. She had gotten wet after getting her boobs played with.

She spoke in a low yet seductive voice.

"D... Don’t stare, haa, at it too much, j- just start already."

"Haha, you want to feel it that badly, huh? I guess I can’t reject the request of such a hot and adorable girl." He laughed, making her feel even more ashamed. She wanted to say something, but soon her words drowned in waves of moans and pleasure.

As Vritra saw the redhead acting in such a cute way, he could no longer hold back. He placed his lips on her soft petals and kissed her down there.

He kept his lips pressed against hers for a few seconds, then brought his tongue out and began to form lines over her petals with the tip of his tongue.

"Ahhhnnnn~ hnnnnnn~" Fiona moaned loudly as she felt Vritra’s movement on her wet pussy. Her body shivered and she squeezed his head between her thighs as more of her love juices began to leak.

He licked the sweet divine nectar off the entrance and paused for a moment to savour the taste. It was so warm and sweet, it made him crave more.

Vritra pulled back a little after licking only the entrance for a couple of minutes. Fiona relaxed a bit, thinking that the game had finally ended and she no longer had to endure this. She was happy that it finally ended and also a little regretful and... unsatisfied.

’W- Why did it end so fast? Why couldn’t he continue? It was so good... sigh,’ she thought. Then coming to her senses, Fiona wondered just what was wrong with her. How could she enjoy this? She was doing this behind Max’s back. How would he feel if he ever were to know about it?

But just then, her eyes widened in shock and her pupils rolled back in pleasure, her body arching upwards, and she moaned loudly.

"Ahhhhhhnnnnnn, Hnnnnnnggggggg~"

Vritra pulled her petals apart with his thumbs and then inserted his tongue into her vagina, making her uneven fleshy walls twitch as more fluids started to come out of her body.

Vritra loved the taste of her love juices. It had such a unique taste, completely different from his mother’s. As he pushed his tongue deeper into her pussy, her juices flooded out.

It tasted like strawberry, he thought.

Vritra felt the folds sticking close to his tongue as he continued to go deeper, rubbing it against the squishy walls inside.

"Sto- hnmmnn, no st- ahhnnnnnn" With every movement of Vritra’s tongue inside her body, Fiona felt the pleasure increase exponentially.

It seemed her body had a mind of its own. She placed both her hands on the back of his head, forcing his tongue to go even deeper.

Her words were the exact opposite of her actions. She kept telling him to stop, but the way her hands were holding his head, Vritra couldn’t move even if he wanted to.

GULP GULP GULP

Vritra gulped all the nectar that flowed out. Her pussy was extremely tight, and her walls stuck to his tongue, trying to hold it in place, but Vritra didn’t let the movements of his tongue slow down at all.

"Mmm." Vritra’s tongue was tasting every corner of her cave, poking at random points, rubbing against her folds, and pushing all around as he tried to find her weak spots.

Vritra moved a little back, pulling his tongue out of the tight grasp of her pussy, then began to suck on her clit as he wrapped his lips around it.

Her pussy suddenly felt empty, twitching slightly; almost as if it wanted to have that soft, pleasurable thing back in her.

"No... Not there... Uuummphhhh~ haaaaaaah~ Aaaaaaah~"

Her clitoris was extremely sensitive. Just a light flick made her body shiver and her petals tremble. Her expression became extremely erotic as he played with that tiny bud.

Fiona couldn’t make a single thought as the intensity of pleasure increased the moment Vritra started to suck and bite her clitoris. He nibbled lightly on her clit, as Fiona almost climaxed. But he let go of the sensitive bud in the next instant, leaving Fiona feeling incomplete and hungry for more.

He inserted his tongue back into her pussy, even deeper than before, while rubbing her clit with his thumb.

"Sto- haaaaan, cum- cumming... " Fiona spoke in between her moans, but she didn’t want him to stop, at least not before that itch in her pussy had been satisfied.

Just as both of them were enjoying, a knock sounded on the door, making them pause. A sound came from outside, making Fiona widen her eyes.

"Hey, uh... Fiona. It’s me, Max. Can we talk?"

Earlier, when Max was fighting against Jack, Jace and Tyler had informed him that Fiona had left and she seemed quite upset.

Max felt his heart clench as he heard that. He always wanted to keep her happy. Earlier when she advised him not to challenge Vritra, he didn’t listen and even got angry at her, so now he felt guilty.

Putting aside that red flag thing for now, he decided to just go ahead and have a proper talk with her. If everything went well, he could even confess his love.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...