Chapter 220: Terror

Vritra didn’t care whether these people were just following orders or not. Since they were here to attack him, he wouldn’t hold back—and why would he refuse so many experience points?

Putting away the flashy sword, Vritra wielded two sharp swords formed by dust; each sword was around a meter long.

Taking a step forward, he raised his right hand high and then brought down the sword in a vertical slash. The sharp blade passed through one of the goon’s bodies very smoothly.

With a terrified look on his face, the man in the front was sliced in two. The ones behind watched in horror and disgust as his internal organs, blood, and bones began to slip out from the two halves of his body.

『

[You have killed a Level 216 Human.]

[You have killed a Level 232 Human.]

...

[+EXP Earned.]

...

』

The dark swords mercilessly cleaved through the bodies of the remaining goons. They could only scream in horror and try to escape before the sword flashed in their eyes and darkness swallowed them.

In less than a minute, the pieces of more than thirty men were lying all over the floor, while a shadow sneaked across the corridor and devoured all the souls.

Bobby barely held itself back from attacking the kingdom guards and consuming their souls.

"Surrender now. If you continue with this mindless killing, you will be declared an enemy of the entire kingdom. If you surrender, we will be lenient with your punishment. Just let us detain you," the commander of the guards warned, stopping a little away from Vritra.

"Go back. If any of you attack me, I will kill all of you," Vritra said, his blood-red eyes glowing.

The air became extremely tense, while the prince held his belly and laughed. He didn’t know Vritra would be so stupid. He should have just surrendered earlier. He would definitely die if he went against the entire kingdom.

"Hahahaha, this is too funny. I thought he was smarter than this—and look at him, sinking deeper and deeper into my plan because of his ego," the youngest prince laughed hard along with the fat manager, who was ready for the show with snacks.

He would be receiving a big favour from the prince for doing this job. He put out two chairs as the two sat down and enjoyed the snacks, waiting to see Vritra get cut to pieces by the guards.

"Don’t hold back—kill the intruder!" the commander shouted, pointing his sword forward as a wave of guards rushed towards Vritra, their killing intent expanding over the entire hotel.

The commander had received commands from the prince too, but he couldn’t have given the order to kill Vritra if he had cooperated. But Vritra had done just as they wanted—now they could just kill him without any trouble.

Vritra scanned the building and saw that there were at least a hundred guards, and more were gathering as they heard of the commotion.

The prince had even sent the news back to the castle that someone was trying to assassinate him, so the strongest protectors would soon be there as well.

"I am giving you one last chance. If you want to survive, then throw away your weapons and leave. But if you wish to sacrifice yourselves for the noble cause of becoming a plaything for a rotten prince, I will personally end your meaningless lives," Vritra said. With a light slash of his sword, a deep cut appeared on the floor.

The guards at the front knew that Vritra was extremely strong, and the first one to approach him would receive the brunt of his attack, so they hesitated. But the commander continued to push them forward.

Like a wave, the guards in armor filled the corridor and rushed at Vritra, pointing their weapons at him, ready to kill.

"..." Vritra released a long breath and closed his eyes for a moment, as the energy around him began to fluctuate. It was like a tsunami of blood was flowing across the hotel. The air was filled with a blood mist, and all felt suffocated under the unbearable pressure.

The moment Vritra released a little of his killing intent, even the 1st Legion-ranked men froze, feeling as if the very blood in their bodies was repulsing against taking one step forward.

They felt as if thousands of insects were crawling all over their bodies. Before he even made a move, most of them lost control of the energy they were gathering, and it exploded within their bodies.

Almost all the people staying in the hotel had already fainted under the pressure of the killing intent.

The manager and the prince’s faces suddenly paled. They hadn’t fainted because of the various treasures they were carrying, but the two were in no better shape.

Fatty even puked, while the prince felt as if his entire body was being squeezed between rocks. The two shivered as they fell off their chairs and understood that they had greatly underestimated Vritra.

The fat manager cursed his nephew in his mind for getting him involved in such a mess. He regretted agreeing to help this rotten bastard.

The two began dragging their bodies back while staring in terror at the figure standing in the storm of blood. The killing intent was so dense, it was as if he had slaughtered several cities.

"C-Call for father—ask for help! Hurrryyyy!!" the crown prince shouted, urging one of the guards to go, his own body refusing to move. The frozen guard didn’t waste this chance as he turned around and ran with all his might.

"O-Oh right, I need to leave. H-he’ll kill me... haa... haa... I have to get out of here." The prince only remembered this as he watched the guard run away.

Vritra didn’t speak further. He began moving forward once again, taking slow and deliberate steps, making everyone shiver as they heard those dreadful thumping sounds.

WHOOSH

SWISH

CLANG

Vritra’s gaze was fixed on the prince as he moved his hands at lightning speed. The frozen guards were cut along with their armor as the dust sword passed through their bodies.

He completely ignored the sin point and leveling up messages that kept popping up. He had done his best to ignore all the disrespect from the beginning, but it was as if his blood itself was enraged at the humiliation.

He possessed the bloodline of the Demon God and Dragon King, both of whom were extremely prideful beings. All the suppressed anger burst forward at once.

The rat, who was still pretending to be dead, rolled slowly to get to the back. Previously, he was really excited about his excellent performance.

He was sure that he was definitely going to get a promotion—but now he was so afraid that he leaked from both the back and front at once.

His body kept shivering on the ground uncontrollably, even as he tried to slip away silently.

Vritra looked at Rat in disgust. He didn’t halt to attack the terrified man. Instead, he moved his foot and placed it on top of Rat’s head, who finally opened his eyes with a terrified look.

A wave of pain shot through his head, as Vritra began to apply some force.

"Aaaaaaaaaah S- Spare meeeee"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...