Chapter 408: Greatest Treasure

An old man sat slumped on a chair with a tired look on his face. He sprinkled some water on his wrinkled skin and coughed out blood.

"No need for overacting, tell me whatever you have found." Beside him sat a burly, corpse-like Red, the leader of the Bone Blood Cult.

"Let me finish my drink first." Saying so, the old man, who was Pink in disguise, picked a glass and gulped the contents in one gulp.

"Hoo, how refreshing. Anyway, take this map. I have marked the general location where Vritra’s family must be present.

But I don’t understand one thing: if catching them is impossible, then why would you make me waste my time finding this?" Pink questioned, leaning back.

"It is certainly not to pull him out. You know how my organisation does its work. I am going to prepare a nice gift for him very soon," Red said, his ripped face breaking into a twisted smile.

Just then, a man completely covered in bandages arrived beside Red. He bowed respectfully and sat down on the ground.

"Did you get the task done?" Red questioned, picking up a glass and filling it up with some sort of wine before passing it to him.

"Yes." The man took the glass and splashed the wine onto his head, and in the next moment, all the wine got absorbed.

"Hmm. What strange characters you have gathered, I think this is the first time I am seeing him," Pink spoke, looking curiously at the bandaged man.

"Yeah, he is one of my biggest treasures. I have kept him hidden but I think he is ready now to make his debut in the world; a fucking spectacular debut!" Red said, giving him more wine.

"Hmm, what’s his talent? Does he possess some very rare Field or something?" Pink questioned, becoming even more curious.

After all, this leader of the Bone Blood Cult wasn’t one to praise someone this much so easily.

"Should I tell you?" Red tapped over his chin as if deep in thought, then said:

"No, let’s keep it a surprise. Once the time comes you will understand just how great of a treasure this boy is. With just him, I can easily destroy kingdoms if I just wished so."

"Aye. Why are you keeping me in suspense? Sigh. Fine, if you have nothing else for me to do then I will be taking my leave."

Pink shook his head pitifully, his knees making cracking sounds as he stood up.

"Be careful on your way out, I heard there is a curfew going on outside." Red chuckled while speaking, excited as he thought of the future.

"..." Clicking his tongue, Pink jumped off the building and disappeared.

Just as Pink had left, the bandaged man stood up in a hurry and grabbed nearly ten glasses from the table in his hands as several arms grew out of him.

Then his body broke into several, each clone exactly similar to the previous one.

Red smiled seeing this scene.

With a snap of his finger, he destroyed three of the bodies, not caring which was supposed to be the original, and only two remained now.

"Go and become that old man.

He has been acting shady recently. Find out everything you could about him." Red ordered.

One of the bodies continued to drink the wine while the other reluctantly stood up and nodded, then his bandages began to rip as his flesh twisted and torn.

The sound of bones breaking rang out and his body looked like a bloody mess.

This transformation continued for a few minutes and finally, an old man looking exactly like Pink stood there.

"Ugh, my old knees. I can’t believe you made me come here at this age." The new old man said.

Red laughed loudly upon seeing this scene.

This ability was truly broken. Although it had its flaws, it was a complete cheat if used properly.

"Do you have any other identities?" Red questioned. Despite seeing it countless times before, it always baffled him.

"Huh? What identities? Red, are you doubting me right now?" The old man said, his brows furrowing.

This was one of the flaws of the bandaged man’s skill. Upon transforming into another person through his means that even Red wasn’t aware of, he would completely transform into him.

Even gaining a part of the memory, though very faint.

Even the abilities to some extent and many other things. But after countless experiments, Red had already found the way to control them.

"..." Without saying a word, he pulled a bottle filled with the bandaged man’s blood then drew a drop of blood from the old man’s body instantly.

Without wasting a moment, he drank it.

"Now, show me what other identities you have." Red said, and waited.

Under his gaze, the old man nodded like a puppet and then transformed into Pink’s appearance, one of the six seats. Then taking other appearances, the ones he used in other organisations.

And finally, he revealed his true appearance of a demon.

"Hahahaha, so he is a demon, how fabulous, so truly fabulous. And to think he had already infiltrated into so many organizations." Red muttered.

After thinking for a while, he ordered,

"Go and get as much details from the other organisations as you can while using the disguises."

"Yes." The old man nodded, and just like the original one, he jumped down the building and disappeared.

Red gazed at the bandaged man with shining eyes. This was really such a treasure, and he was going to exploit him to his death.

"Someone come here and clean this mess." Red ordered, pointing towards the three corpses.

***

After running and running for several minutes, Ziggy could still not reach his destination.

Originally he was following behind Xi and the others but their speed was so fast that they went ahead, even though he asked them to slow down.

"Huff Huff I- I am Oink going to huff get them huff p- punished by my huff oink father." Ziggy said, feeling the burning sensation in his chest from running for so long.

If it wasn’t for protecting Maeve and becoming cool in her eyes, then who would dare make him run so much?

’It is fine, to get a bride as beautiful as her, I am even ready to sacrifice a little of my fat.

I am sure seeing me covered in sweat and the worry in my eyes, her heart will melt and she would agree to marry me.’ Ziggy thought, and finally he saw several figures not too far away.

Xi and the other nine were floating in the air.

There were two people on the ground. Wiping the sweat from his eyes, Ziggy focused and was shocked to see Maeve seated on the lap of another man, his body froze for a moment.

Before anger flooded his mind, veins almost bulged out but were hidden under the fat. Even in human disguise, he had chosen a rather fat man, with weight more than 200 kgs.

"You bastard, Oink oink oink get away from my bride, huff huff I- I am going to kill- cough my father is going to huff huff kill you! Get away from her." Ziggy shouted.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...