Chapter 440: Her past

『

[Quest: Catch the Arthal Plague Rats.]

[Reward: Aurora of the Betrayed.]

』

Along with the short messages, a scroll appeared inside Vritra’s inventory. He decided to check it out later.

There was already one quest going on, though that was from the Sin System and just needed something very casual to be completed.

His death and a sacrifice — at least this one seemed better.

’I wonder what that treasure is, guess I will ask wifey about it later.’

For now, he shifted the matter of the quest to the back of his mind and focused on Yennefer, who looked like a lost puppy.

The air of confidence and supremacy that was always present around her seemed to have broken into a thousand pieces as she lost her composure.

Only a minute had passed, though it seemed like she had been silent for an hour. The choice was simple but still so hard.

"Can... Can you give me a minute?" Yennefer finally looked into Vritra’s blood-red eyes and asked.

"Well, that’s some progression. Unlike I expected, she didn’t attack you immediately, hubby."

Yasmine spoke; she just hoped whatever might be the outcome of this, her hubby doesn’t get upset.

"...Alright." Vritra shrugged, and instantly Yennefer vanished from there. She moved at her fastest speed, travelling hundreds of kilometres within moments.

"Sigh, was that an excuse?" Vritra wondered. Now he was confused if this should be considered an end or not.

"Uhm, master, that was some new way of breaking up. Did she go back to get divorce papers or something?" Maeve asked, scratching her cheek.

"We weren’t really married. Anyway, we should get ready for the day. Why don’t you go bathe first, I will... wait here for a little." Vritra said.

"Okay, no matter what, I am here with you, master~ so don’t get all sad again because of her." Maeve said, giving a gentle kiss on his lips before heading into the bathroom.

"Hubby, are you feeling okay?" Yasmine asked in concern. She appeared outside in her human form and embraced Vritra.

"Yeah, I am..." he replied, leaning onto her. Yasmine and Vanessa were definitely two of the people who made him feel most at ease.

They didn’t speak further and just stayed silent, but soon Yasmine sensed the approaching Yennefer and mumbled, "At least she didn’t just leave with that absurd excuse. Hubby, you can do it."

After speaking, Yasmine disappeared, and in the next moment, Yennefer appeared inside the room.

She was panting lightly after pushing herself to her limits. Vritra didn’t know what, but something seemed to have changed about her — or maybe it was the glint in her eyes.

"So what have you decided?" he asked, still in his emotionless tone.

"I..." Yennefer was about to speak but noticed the fox who was eavesdropping from the bathroom, so first she covered them with a barrier.

Then she moved closer to him and gracefully settled over his lap before taking something out of her inventory.

Without saying anything, she took his right hand as Vritra continued to stare at her in confusion. Then she put a bracelet around his wrist.

It seemed to be made of some shiny white material with a beautiful blue gem at the top.

After securely placing the bracelet, she took out another exactly same-looking bracelet and handed it to Vritra, speaking, "Husband, can you help me wear it?"

"What is the meaning of this?" he asked, not even picking the bracelet.

"Haa... these belonged to my parents. They wore it at the time of their marriage; it was a symbol of eternal bond between them."

Yennefer began to explain in a sad tone, gently caressing the bracelet on his wrist.

"When I was six, our family was in a war with a few demon lords. Well, we weren’t the only ones — it was a really big war where even god-level entities were involved.

Of course, we just needed to defeat the demon lords.

At that time, our family was the strongest, with my father being the family head. We were the true rulers of this continent.

But several demon lords had targeted our family. While my father was out fighting wars, they attacked our home.

My mother was not a warrior, and I had two siblings, both younger than me.

Of course, we were no match for them, and they took control of our house while most warriors were out in the war.

My mother, my siblings, and some other family members hid our identities and pretended to be regular servants of the family to stay alive until my father returned so that we couldn’t be used for blackmailing.

But the servants’ fate was even worse. I was just little w- when I saw those demons kill my baby brothers and eat their flesh.

My mother was torn to pieces right in front of my eyes; her screams still haunt me.

Those creatures killed all of them — devouring their flesh or just killing for fun. Had my father and others not returned in time, then even I would have gone through the same fate.

But in that battle, even my father couldn’t survive. I was only left with the memories of those screams, their last words, those traumatic days..."

Yennefer finally told him about the reason behind her past obsession. Those disgusting demons were especially happy when cutting the kids.

"..." Vritra silently listened to her entire story and felt really bad for her. It was understandable that she hated demons so much.

If even a little of that had happened to him, he wouldn’t stop until all demons were killed.

Yeah, she indeed made a mistake and hurt him, but now even he felt that she deserved a second chance — of course, only if she had truly changed.

Although he could understand her obsession, he still wouldn’t like that level of obsession that could hurt her or others around her.

After a short silence, Vritra took the bracelet from her hand and placed it around her wrist.

It looked extremely beautiful on her; her milky skin seemed to increase the charm of the bracelet.

"..." The moment she felt his touch as he locked the bracelet, arrows went straight through her heart — but this time it didn’t bring pain.

Instead, she was incredibly happy. This meant a second chance, getting her place back in his heart.

"I can try to trust you, but if you break it again, you will never be able to find me." He said, moving his gaze from her wrist to her eyes.

"Thank you, husband. Never ever would I make such a mistake. Each moment away from you was such torture. Mmm~ now I just want you and nothing else."

Yennefer instantly jumped into his arms, her palms caressing his back as if she was trying to register the feel of his muscles, his warmth back into her body.

She knew getting her relationship back to exactly what it was before would take some time, but she would do it.

"Hmm." Vritra nodded. He could feel that the bracelets they were wearing weren’t normal. It really felt like he had some sort of connection with Yennefer.

"Oh right, husband, I almost forgot to mention it before. We need to leave the continent as soon as possible. Things have become just too dangerous."

Yennefer pulled herself back just a bit and spoke.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...