Chapter 354: Wuvvy-Dovey

Diana sat on top of Vritra, his cock thrusting in and out of her sultry body.

The goddess was making such an obscene sight, her holy body bouncing like a spring.

Her soft ass hit his body with a loud slapping sound, while her shameless moans flooded the room. She loved the feeling of his large thing stretching her walls.

Fiona was becoming hornier by the second; she felt like starving just watching the action for so long.

After dozens of minutes, as Vritra filled up the goddess’s belly, his cock finally came out of her body.

Now she could finally get rid of the itch that was making her rub her legs together for so long. Vritra sat up and pulled Fiona onto his lap, plunging his cock into her pussy with a strong thrust.

And thus began the third round. Vritra hugged her body tightly, their lips pressed against one another, and the tongues rolled in a sultry dance.

This was just the beginning. The four were going to make up for all the missed time. Fiona’s belly was filled not long after, and Vanessa was ready for round 2 already.

The four went at it crazily for hours, until each of the women had their bellies filled more than ten times. Finally, when all three of them were completely exhausted, the four went to sleep, all snuggling on the same bed.

They slept until late in the morning after spending most of the previous day in bed.

KNOCK KNOCK

They were woken by the sound of knocking. Vritra was entangled between the three women, unable to move an inch.

"Who is it?" he spoke out loud, feeling the warm and soft bodies of his women pressing from all sides.

"The king has sent a few things for you. Should I come at a later time?" the maid on the outside replied, waiting with a tray in her hand which was covered by a cloth.

"Just leave it at the door," Vritra said.

"But I was instructed to hand them to you directly. These glyphs seem to contain precious—" the maid felt troubled, looking sideways across the hall.

"It is fine, just leave it there," Vritra repeated. If he tried to move even a little, the three would tighten around him almost like snakes.

"...O- Okay, sir. Then I will be leaving them at the door."

Finally, the maid put the tray down and walked away, keeping an eye on the materials since if they got stolen, she would be the one to get punished first.

Under her sight, the door opened slightly and the tray flew into the room, and then the door closed softly.

There were four storage glyphs. Vritra scanned them one by one. One glyph was full of gold and other valuable things; it was the money one.

Putting it away, he scanned the second. It was full of high-level weapons and armors. Vritra decided to use some to upgrade his axes while also giving the three women better weapons and armors.

Vritra stored it and then scanned the third glyph which was full of potions of all types, especially the soul potions; he was astonished by the sheer quantity.

’I wonder if Chopper really emptied his vault of all the soul potions. That’s several times compared to both from the other kingdoms,’ Vritra thought and decided to consume them later.

Then he scanned the last glyph which contained the empty Legion stones, the ones he had asked for, except for the 5th Legion ranked ones.

’How nice of Chopper, he really sent everything but what a pity, I won’t be able to empty the treasuries of this kingdom,’ Vritra thought, placing the glyphs away for now.

...

They slept for a bit longer and finally got out of bed. After having a nice and long bath, the group was ready for the new day that was going to be anything but peaceful.

"Here, your 2nd, 3rd, and 4th ranked empty Legion stones. Now there won’t be any hindrances while leveling up," Vritra said as he distributed the legion stones and other things such as weapons and armors.

"We should thank the king for these gifts. Hehe, how much money did he give?" Diana asked, the greedy goddess true to her nature as always.

Shaking his head, Vritra gave her the glyph containing all the money that Chopper gave. Then he added:

"You should absorb those legion stones and level up. I will be going out for a while. Also, Knight and others will be here, so don’t worry about any disturbances."

Vanessa nodded. After thinking for a moment, she walked in front of Vritra, then cupping his cheek she spoke, "Honey, you are the one who should be careful. This time don’t attract any trouble. Sigh, I wonder why you always get wrapped in new things."

"But I just mind business. Don’t worry, now that Bone Blood Cult, Nine Pacts, Slave Beast Gang, and demons are gone from the White Kingdom, so there shouldn’t be any other problem... maybe."

He added, aware of how his luck works.

"Just return without getting involved in unnecessary things that could potentially lead you to get hurt," his mother added, looking deeply into his eyes, still holding his face between her soft palms.

"I am just going out for the evolution of my physique. What could go wrong?" Vritra replied, only to regret it a moment later; he might have just jinxed himself again.

"Woah hubby, let me raise a flag too," Yasmine added before flying out in her dragon form, surprising the three women.

"Mom, everything will be fine. There is no danger around and hubby’s luck isn’t so bad that he would pull danger to him out of nowhere.

Even gods themselves—Mmm hmm—" Vritra silenced his wife just in time, from directly challenging the unseen entities; now he was a little paranoid about even going outside.

"Sigh, you are all just making it weirder. I am just going out to a secluded place, nothing else. Just wait, when I return, you will know that nothing went wrong," Vritra added, releasing a sigh.

The four women collectively shook their heads, then the three of them looked at Yasmine and nodded.

"Just leave it to me, I will keep an eye on him. Though don’t put too much of your faith in me," the former Dragon Queen said dramatically, as if going on a great war.

Vritra rolled his eyes. He turned and walked out of the room as Yasmine disappeared back into his body. Evolving the physique was such a simple thing, he would be done with it quickly.

Fiona, Diana, and Vanessa stared towards the door even after Vritra had left, looking a bit worried.

"Will everything be fine?" Fiona asked.

"Let’s prepare for the worst-case scenario and get ready to run." They looked at one another and nodded before starting their leveling up process.

After walking out of the room, Vritra had just taken a few steps when his gaze landed on something unsightly.

Diddy was following behind Karen, carrying some stones while talking in a disgustingly sweet voice.

"Tsk, disgusting men—oh!" Karen was just cursing when she suddenly paused and Diddy almost bumped into her.

"Heehee duz dis mean my wuvvy-dovey cutie-pie finawwy wanna gib me a itty-bitty chancey-wancey, my karieeeeee- kiyaaaaaaa!!" Diddy let out a feminine scream.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...