Chapter 590 Drink It!!

[A/N: Don't read while eating.]

Outside the window, lightning thundered, flashing briefly amidst the heavy storm and snow.

The weather seemed to be worsening.

'I am sure Teresa will have some solution to this, and even if she can't then we will just have to evacuate a selected few.' Oracle thought, after all, in his eyes the lives of those ordinary people weren't as important as top figures.

After a while, he closed his eyes, all alone on his bed.

Oracle never trusted anyone enough to slip into his bed, and kept women away.

Tomorrow would be even better, he could finally obtain a powerful tool.

While thinking of several things, he soon drifted off to sleep.

Several hours passed in the blink of an eye, despite the bad weather outside, he slept quite peacefully.

THUNDERRRR

Suddenly, lightning thundered outside and three shadows could be seen imprinted on the wall.

The three figures had their faces covered with clothes, and even their hands were covered by gloves.

Oracle didn't wake up, as he couldn't sense their presence. Otherwise, he would be terrified to see the three figures standing around his bed like ghosts.

The scene was truly bone chilling.

One of them sat on the bed beside Oracle's pillow, then patted Oracle's cheek, muttering in a soft voice: "Wakey wakey, daddy is here."

Oracle grimaced, his nose wrinkling, then his eyelids fluttered and slowly opened.

"Aww, are you up?" the same person sitting on the bed said, caressing Oracle's head.

Oracle was dazed for a moment, but then startled, he stared at the dark figure and then sensed the other two.

Somehow, he couldn't look at their faces, even his senses failed to obtain any information.

He froze and stared at the person caressing his head, and only a bald head was visible. The three ghost-like beings had their faces covered.

"Who-"

But all of a sudden, the hand caressing his head tightened and clutched his hair forcefully, yanking his head backwards.

As he returned to his senses, Oracle was filled with rage. He was about to get up, but the other two moved at this time.

Vritra on the right held one of his arms with one hand and placed his palm over Oracle's chest, while Onest held his other hand.

"Bahahaha, open your mouth, we have brought some choco for you, say aah~" Shitless laughed like a maniac and inserted his fingers into Oracle's mouth.

Then with a loud laugh, he pulled his jaw open, almost ripping it apart.

"Take this, bastard, I created it personally so you better not waste a drop, hahahaha." Onest laughed just as loudly.

In the next instant, he pulled out the bottle and turned it upside down, but the contents didn't spill out yet because of Vritra.

BANG

With all his might, Onest thrust the round entrance of the bottle into Oracle's mouth just as the monk pulled his hand away.

The mighty leader of the Golden Moon wriggled and twisted on the bed like a fish out of water. He struggled with all his might but couldn't break free.

Even his mana was in turmoil, unable to be used. He really was completely powerless at this moment.

"POUR IT!! Let it all out!! Drown this motherfucker!!" Vritra said, barely holding himself back from killing this pig.

The three laughed like devils. Onest wasted no time and raised his right hand, then struck the back of the large bottle with all his strength.

BANG

The bottle thrust even deeper into his mouth, slightly tearing the corners of his lips, the tip pressing directly against his throat.

"Ooooogh oobbbb iiieeeee"

Oracle kept trying to shout, glaring at them, unable to understand what was happening all of a sudden.

But then, the contents of the bottle finally flooded into his mouth, and Oracle's eyes rolled back as he tried to stop whatever it was from going down his throat.

But Shitless suddenly punched his belly, making him lose control for a moment.

"MUAHAHAHA, gulp it down. I personally added my precious piss into it, oh and also…" As Shitless spoke, the contents of the special drink continued flowing.

Oracle's eyes almost popped out and extreme disgust filled him, but he had no control as the fluid started to flood down his throat.

It even filled his mouth, and the taste made him, at the lord rank, almost faint. There were solid things in the fluid too, and hearing the talk, Oracle vomited the contents back only to have it pushed back down.

"You piece of shit, did you like that?" Onest shouted, squeezing the bottle and pushing more fluid into his body.

Oracle screamed and twisted, the drink also burning up his body from inside. It was way too disgusting.

Vritra, Onest, and Shitless made Oracle drink every last drop of it, and once he had drunk it all, only then did they pull the bottle away.

Oracle had no strength. He coughed and kept trembling, the room was full of stench. Thankfully, they had covered their faces.

"Kekekeke, liked that? You lucky bastard, getting to drink that. You have been cleansed internally, now wait patiently to go to hell." Shitless shouted.

The three looked at the broken state of Oracle in satisfaction. Vritra looked at them and said: "Let's go, that's all for now."

Oracle stared at the ceiling and the three shadows in a daze. It had all happened too suddenly, he couldn't understand anything.

Then the three figures started to leave, but suddenly the bald figure turned and jumped up.

Monk Shitless had been practicing for quite some time now. Aside from his head, he had strengthened his fists and knees as well, and some other parts.

CRACK

He jumped up and then smashed one of his knees into Oracle's crotch, as the leader of the Golden Moon coughed and then everything went dark.

…

Some time passed and Oracle woke up with a start. He looked around but found no one.

"W- What was that? Another nightmare?" He was drenched in sweat and saw outside that it was already morning.

He sighed in relief that it was just a nightmare, but suddenly he coughed and spat out a tiny piece of something.

"H- Huh? Did I end up eating something strange?" He threw it away, believing that all was just a dream.

Then he got up to get ready for the wedding.

***

Some time ago, after leaving Oracle's house, the three flew away and couldn't help but laugh.

That was so satisfying. Shitless was the happiest, he really enjoyed such stuff.

Then Vritra opened a portal and sent the two back first, and he paused in the middle of nowhere.

The snow and spores fell over him but couldn't get close to his body.

He pondered and tried to sense Knight's presence, but it seemed the powerful knight would need more time.

Then he pulled out the fishing rod from his inventory. This was present in Zihong's inventory, but he didn't have the time to test it yet.

"Divine?" Vritra called out, but again got no response, making him feel irritated.

He never replied when Vritra asked anything, and only spoke when it benefited him somehow.

Giving up on contacting that useless guy, Vritra tried using the fishing rod. It shouldn't be something simple.

But no matter what he tried, nothing special happened.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading…