Chapter 54: I will support you

"Such a thing indeed happens in the Succubus race, many of them even die in the end, but after living for a long time, of course, they found a way to delay this. But finding anyone from the succubus race is a lot more difficult than even finding dragons.

Humans and demons both are trying to find them since leveling up with a succubus is the most pleasurable way of getting stronger. All of them have completely disappeared so that they don’t end up as others’ toys.

Your mother should still be able to hold on for two or three more weeks or maybe even a week, but after that her identity and life will both be in danger." Yasmine explained, her words putting a deep frown on Vritra’s face.

He then looked at his mother and asked: "By the word bonding in the skill, does it mean..."

Vanessa nodded, as she said directly: "It does mean that. As long as that thing enters even once, the master crest could be obtained."

"Sigh, I see. I know it must be difficult for you, holding back all kinds of thoughts and urges. Give me a little time, I will do whatever I can to help you." Vritra spoke as he hugged his mother’s delicate body, but he also knew that there was only one option.

After letting out everything, Vanessa felt a lot better; she slept a lot more peacefully while using his arm as her pillow. While Vritra remained deep in thought, it seemed he would have to help his mother, though the process was very unusual.

He had never looked at his mother like that, but now he couldn’t ignore her sinful body.

He closed his eyes and decided to ’help’ his mother later. She would never even go near a man, and without a master, her fate would be very bad.

’Yasmine, what do you think?’ he asked.

"It is fine no matter what you choose, I will support you." She spoke in a gentle tone, her presence alone feeling like a huge comfort.

’Thanks...’

******

Early in the morning, inside a large hall in the castle.

A lot of people had gathered upon receiving the order from the goddess. It seemed she had something important to announce.

Thirty-two teenagers from Earth sat on the seats as they chatted among themselves and wondered the reason behind the meeting. They were about to leave for hunting or training when all of them were summoned here.

There were also lots of guards present, several commanders, and even the king, who sat calmly over the throne.

Two people stood on either side of King Aldric. One wore golden armor, his presence exuding an intense pressure on the surrounding, while the other person was wearing a black robe with his face hidden. His presence was almost impossible to detect.

Several ministers of the kingdom and other important figures had also gathered. There were more than a hundred people present currently. All of them waited patiently for Diana.

"Has the capital been peaceful recently?" Aldric asked. A scholar-like man was standing in front of him while holding a book.

"Yes, recently no demons have been spotted, but there are traces of spies here. They might have caught onto a few things," the scholar, who is the information minister, spoke.

The four people were covered in a faint boundary that stopped others from hearing their words.

"Release some demons outside the boundary of the capital in the kingdom and send these heroes to deal with them. Let them receive some limelight. As for the spies, they will be taken care of soon."

After a short pause, the king asked: "How is the investigation on Vritra going? If there is nothing unusual, then kill him. We only have so few test subjects."

"Yes, my lord. After observing him for a while, he seems to have some connection with the goddess, though his strength is still stuck at level 1. Is it still okay to kill him?" the scholar spoke.

Just as the king was about to answer, he noticed that the beautiful goddess was approaching. He looked at the scholar and answered quickly.

"Observe him for a little longer. If nothing is out of the ordinary, then kill him." Then the barrier disappeared as the king stood up with a smile and welcomed the goddess, who took her seat.

"Goddess, did you have something important to announce?" the king asked in a respectful tone, while the scholar walked away and took his seat.

"Yes, you will know soon." Diana replied, her expression as icy and prideful as ever.

"Are we going on some important mission?" Max stood up from his seat, looking straight at Diana and asked. He wore a brown dress and looked very arrogant. It seemed his bad nature had only intensified after coming to this world.

"..." Diana looked at him and felt how disgustingly weak he was when compared to someone like Vritra. She ignored him completely. Previously, his talent seemed good, but now it was as bad as his personality.

"What is-" Max felt a little angry at being ignored, but before he could speak, he noticed that all the heads had turned towards the entrance of the hall.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +168}

A boy looking devilishly charming entered the hall, and walking beside him was an exceedingly beautiful woman. Her face and figure were just too seductive; almost everyone in the hall was captivated by the two people.

"They are?" the king asked, and everyone focused to hear the answer.

"This is Vritra, one of the summoned heroes, and that is Vanessa, his mother." Diana spoke calmly.

"..." Silence fell for a few seconds, then everyone exclaimed in shock. All the teenagers had seen Vanessa before; she looked very hot and beautiful, but now it seemed her charms had been multiplied by at least 100. Even in loose clothes, her voluptuous figure remained too mouthwatering.

"T- That is Vritra?" several boys exclaimed. Half of his face was always covered by his messy long hair, but it was impossible to believe that he could be so good-looking.

"I- I did hear that he returned from the labyrinth, but... is he really not an imposter? Jack’s looks appear like a joke in front of him." Raino spoke, rubbing his eyes.

"Goddess Diana, King Aldric, it is nice to meet you. I am Vritra, the one who almost died in the labyrinth." Vritra spoke after a moment, a small smile on his face.

{Sin Point Gained: Awed +165}

Vritra noticed that three people weren’t surprised. Aside from his mother and Diana, one of the two people standing beside the king should have seen him before.

"We are overjoyed that you managed to survive such a disaster. Even without the demons, the labyrinth contains several traps. It was our fault not to take them into account." Aldric spoke with some regret in his voice.

"It’s nobody’s fault that I almost died after falling into the trap. I must have been hit by a demon since I lost consciousness, but some people saved me, thankfully." Vritra spoke. The reason behind creating this meeting was to gauge the reactions of several people and also to earn some points—not to mention his revenge.

"Yo Max, it’s been a long time. Looks like you have grown a lot stronger now."

{Sin Point Gained: Observed +168}

{Sin Point Gained: Flustered +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Glared At +1}

___________

Thanks for reading...