Chapter 73: Lab Experiment?

{Sin Point Gained: Startled +2}

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +1}

After Uranus disappeared, Vritra suddenly flew towards the high platform where Diana and Vanessa were seated. Both of them were surprised by his sudden action. Vanessa wasn’t much worried, but Diana had started to sweat; she was afraid that Vritra might do something.

’Don’t come, don’t come.’ She pleaded internally while remaining calm outside.

Vritra landed in front of the two ladies while the crowd was frozen. Of course, there were many guards there to protect the goddess, but just as they were about to make their moves, Diana waved her hand, making them stop.

He first glanced at Diana but didn’t say or do anything immediately. After a painful few seconds while the crowd held their breath, he simply extended his right hand for a handshake.

Diana was still worried internally, but she shook hands with him without showing any emotion, as another wave of sin points rained. Most of the people were jealous of him—just seeing the goddess was considered such a lucky thing, after all.

Vritra then turned to face his mother. He took a step forward and halted exactly in front of her. He slightly raised his mask, showing half of his face to his mother, who stood up and looked at him with a faint smile.

"Mom, shall we leave?" Vritra asked in a low voice that only Diana could hear. Vanessa nodded in response; she was already aware that it was Vritra.

In the next moment, he took another step forward. His left hand circled around her soft body as he pulled her into a tight embrace, while his right hand held the mask in position, displaying half of his face.

The two slowly began to rise in the air while the entire crowd watched in hushed silence, feeling various kinds of emotions that could clearly be seen in the sin points notifications.

Once Vritra and Vanessa were a few meters high above the platform—but were at a height that everyone could still see them clearly—the pair halted in the air.

This was going to be the last and biggest wave of sin points.

Slightly lowering his head, Vritra pressed his lips against Vanessa’s. The sudden kiss shocked everyone in the arena. The ones who were most shocked were, of course, Vanessa herself and Diana.

Vritra felt her soft and warm lips against his. They were so juicy and moist, excitement rose in Vritra’s body as their lips gently rubbed and pressed.

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +22,536}

{Sin Point Gained: Envied +17,490}

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +20,473}

{Sin Point Gained: Crushed +21,239}

{Sin Point Gained: Heartbroken +18,373}

...

"G- Get away from her, bastard! How dare you try to taint our goddess? Fuck, I want to murder him but he is too scary."

"Guards, anyone please stop that criminal!!"

The audience—especially the men—had already given Vanessa the title of goddess just based on her beauty. Most men couldn’t help but steal glances at Vanessa earlier. In terms of hotness, her body was even more seductive.

And all the audience already hated Vritra so much—that’s why seeing such a guy kissing a goddess-level woman—they had simply gone mad; it was too much for them all.

’What’s going on? Aren’t they mother and son? Was their relation fake? Is he not Vritra? No, he definitely is, but...’ Diana was extremely confused as she watched the pair kiss in the sky.

Vritra didn’t care about anyone else. Their lips remained in contact for around twenty seconds, and there was barely any movement, but Vanessa’s face had turned bright red. The sensation on her lips was too strong.

{Sin Point Gained: Craved +1}

As their lips separated, Vanessa licked her lips unconsciously while staring at the face exactly in front of her, her mind racing. Even though she had kissed Vritra once before, this was still too stimulating.

"Mom, shall we go? We have an important business to finish." Vritra whispered, his voice taking her breath away, as she averted her gaze and nodded a bit shyly.

Vritra didn’t care about the audience, the competition, or the sin points anymore, as he flew away from there carrying her in princess-carry style, leaving behind a frozen and shocked crowd. All the people had finally reached rock bottom—many were depressed and some had even fainted in rage, especially Uranus, who was nowhere to be seen.

...

Vritra and Vanessa flew away silently. After a moment he asked, "Mom, there is something I have been very curious about for quite some time."

"..." Vanessa remained silent. She already knew what he was going to ask.

"Since my childhood, I have never even heard the name of my father nor have I seen his photo. You always avoided the topic. Can you at least tell me who he is and if he is still alive?" Vritra asked. They were about to cross a taboo line, so he really wanted to know that.

"Sigh..." Her expression became serious as she decided to finally reveal it. "I am sure you have noticed it already—that you were different from everyone your age. In whatever aspect, you are far better than everyone else."

"Yes, I did." Vritra nodded. Even his stats were higher than everyone else’s. He certainly wasn’t normal.

"You also know that I hate all men because of that incident where my mother died right in front of me because of my father, right?" Vanessa asked, and Vritra nodded again. That’s why he was even more confused since she would never want to be close to a man.

She sighed again and added, "Actually, I had several skilled doctor friends. I asked them to create the perfect sample... and that’s how I got pregnant with you. That’s why you were perfect in every aspect; the peak human."

Vritra: "..."

’What the hell?!! Does that mean I am a lab rat—cough—lab experiment?’

******

In the morning, Jace and Tyler got ready, then together they walked towards Max’s room. The pair of thin and fat looked quite frightened, but were both afraid and disgusted by Vritra’s plan—but they had no choice but to do it.

He was just too scary.

They stopped beside Max’s room’s door, then they leaned against the walls and did their best to calm down as the first part of the plan began. Laughing loudly, they began to chat.

"Hahaha! Did you see that girl? She was giving me straight-up signals. I think she was into me; next time I am going to take her out," Jace said proudly.

"Yeah, right. Are you sure she was just not disgusted by you? I think she was laughing at you." Tyler laughed, his body jiggling.

"Hmph, there was even a time when more than ten girls asked me to go out at the same time," Jace said, his face full of arrogance.

"Dude, then stop entering women’s washroom. Of course, they are going to ask you to leave." Tyler laughed even harder.

Jace was about to get angry and punch him, but then he realized that they had gone off-topic.

"Cough... You know, yesterday I was going to my room and I heard Fiona talking to her friend. It was a secret, so don’t tell anyone," Jace said, calming his anger.

____________

Thanks for reading...