Chapter 724 Interruptions [R-18]

After eating together, they found a building, though it was not an easy task.

The mutants in this city were very strong and violent, barely any buildings were left intact now.

Then all the women started their final evolution, which would take two days.

Shitless and Onest also started their 10th evolution, though after that misunderstanding in front of Vritra, they mostly chose different rooms.

It was a trauma for them both.

And now Vritra and Teresa were left alone, while Asmodeus was hiding somewhere in a distant room.

"We will be out of here very soon, I wonder what the challenge inside the tower is." Teresa spoke, she lay on the bed in Vritra's arms.

"Maybe some powerful mutant, in any case, we will be going back. But it would be great if we can find that Magna before leaving." Vritra said, just thinking of him brought anger.

"Mmm he is quite cunning, he won't reveal himself. And with his ability being cloning, it wouldn't be easy to find the right him." She added.

"Yea… well forget that, are you alright?" Vritra looked at her face, gently caressing her cheek.

"I am with you, why won't I be fine?" she asked with a beautiful smile that entranced Vritra.

He couldn't help but lean forward to kiss her juicy black lips, nibbling them lightly.

"Mm~" she pressed her body tighter against him, kissing him back with the same passion.

Teresa was still quite shy, but thankfully it was just the two of them so she didn't feel as shy.

She felt she could be bolder, to have more of her husband, and now that they were alone that feeling got stronger.

Her arms circled his neck, as her tongue pressed against his lips before slipping into his mouth.

The goth lady moaned as their tongues came in contact.

She pressed harder, wrapping her tongue around his, slurping up his saliva.

How long had it been since she got to make out with him without any need to hurry.

Normally several of his wives do it with him at once, so even though they didn't urge to hurry, the others still can't take too long.

But for the next two days, Teresa will have Vritra all to herself and there was nothing to do.

How great was that?

Her heart flooded with happiness as she pulled his tongue into her mouth, biting it and sucking on it.

Vritra's hands roamed over her back and ass, he let her lead the kiss, enjoying her needy behaviour.

Their tongues entangled as Teresa let out a muffled moan into his mouth, right as Vritra squeezed her ass.

Her body was truly heavenly, her voluptuous ripe body, so soft and tasty all over.

Vritra felt he could keep devouring her body forever, she was just too damn delicious.

Her fingers entangled with his hair, as Teresa gulped his sweet saliva, loving his taste.

But suddenly…

RUMBLE

The whole building shook, then a loud roar reverberated, it seemed there was a mutant nearby.

Reluctantly, Teresa pulled her mouth away, her tongue coming out of his mouth as long bridges of saliva formed between their lips.

"Tch" she clicked her tongue, a cute small frown on her face.

She certainly wasn't happy with the interruption.

Vritra couldn't help but chuckle at her reaction, she looked so hungry for him, he just loved it.

"Let me take care of it first." Of course, Vritra too didn't like the interruption.

They were just getting started and had completely gotten into the mood.

Vritra would have loved to first take Teresa out on a date but for now they can't leave the building.

"Hmm hurry up, husband, don't make me wait." Teresa muttered with an infatuated look on her face.

'She is so sexy and cute… haa my heart can't handle this.' Vritra thought, looking at her beautiful face.

She climbed off him and sat to the side, pouting slightly.

Vritra shook his head, as he got off the bed and moved towards the balcony.

There indeed was a big mutant which was like a very heavy panda, it was rushing straight towards their building.

Vritra really didn't want to waste any time, he used a spiritual burst on it and killed it, then tossed its body aside.

But in his hurry forgot to just deploy a bubble around the domain, his mind was completely full of Teresa.

Just as he turned to face her, he found that in those few seconds, Teresa had changed her outfit.

Instead of her earlier clothes, she was now wearing a sexy black lingerie, that took Vritra's breath away.

Her creamy skin was on full display now, her heavy breasts were barely contained in that sexy bra.

And her soft marshmallow-like hips looked wonderful, the panty barely hid her vagina.

Vritra quickly threw his clothes away and climbed onto the bed.

Holding her waist, he pulled her closer, as her warm and smooth skin came in direct contact with his own.

Vritra's palms roamed over her belly then over her smooth back before moving onto her breasts.

He leaned forward and pressed his lips against her cleavage, before giving a slow hard lick.

"Mmmph~" Teresa's chest heaved up, she was feeling so good as her husband tasted her body.

She wanted more of it, she wanted him to taste every part of her.

He bit the upper part of her breast, teeth sinking slightly into the soft flesh.

Leaving a bite mark, Vritra continued to kiss and suck over her skin, his hands roaming all over her milky skin.

Teresa's hands moved down to hold his penis but just as her fingers came in contact with his hardening member…

"Hahaha Let's go scavenge this building, I can sense that there are some people here. I wonder if there are any buildings."

Suddenly a loud voice sounded from outside.

Vritra paused, his mouth still biting over her soft boob, he scanned the outside with his senses.

There were over thirty men, each of them was at least at the 1st Evolution phase.

It was not shocking in this part of the planet though, the death rate here is high but the ones who survived grew super strong.

Teresa also paused, a deep frown appeared on her face, she felt so angry.

Why did these bastards have to come right now?

Interrupting their special moments.

She felt so angry that she almost cursed out loud, eyes full of rage.

Vritra was surprised, as he sensed her emotions, he didn't think she would get this angry.

But before he could say anything, Teresa spoke:

"Husband, let me butcher those men!!"

"…Sure, go ahead." Vritra said, thinking back, she was so meek and was afraid to even accidentally hurt anyone.

While her current self seemed like she wouldn't hesitate to steal others' good luck if it benefited them.

Maybe he was bad company? But who cares, she was far better now, the world isn't for the kind, they would only be used until they die.

Only the cunning and ruthless can live in this world of corruption and crimes.

Teresa pulled her arm back and closed her eyes, sensing the presences of all the men who were hurriedly moving towards the building.

The bunch seemed quite confident of their abilities but then everything changed.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios