Chapter 216: Makeup Glyph

’Well, whatever. Killing his brother would be much easier than killing his father, right? One more name will be added to the kill list of the crown prince, I guess,’ Vritra thought.

He wasn’t worried that the young prince could try to harm any of his women—after all, Ghoul and Ghost were protecting them.

Throwing the matter with the prince to the back of his head, Vritra soon entered the castle and walked toward his room. Rather than dealing with the Grieves himself, he decided to push the Golden Moon against them.

Vanessa, Fiona, and Diana were all sitting in the same room talking about random things.

After their earlier fight, their relationship had gotten a bit better, though Diana would need a bit more time to truly be a part of the family.

Vritra opened the door and walked inside.

He walked over to one of the empty seats and sat beside Fiona, then leaning to the side, he rested his head on her shoulder, enjoying these short bits of peace in their life.

With how things were going, he was sure he had exhausted almost all his luck’s peace-time meter, and now chaos was about to enter—so he just wanted to relax for now.

"How are things going with Sonia?" Fiona asked, entangling her fingers with his and then holding his hand intimately.

"She is doing better than I expected. It won’t be long before the Blue Kingdom gets a new king.

Anyway, tomorrow we won’t be going out for hunting. You can rest here, or maybe go shopping or something if you want. I need to do something about the Grieves.

I feel uneasy when they are running all over the place like that," Vritra said, bringing her hand close to his face before kissing the back of her hand, pressing his lips against her soft, milky skin.

"Isn’t that dangerous?" Vanessa asked. She didn’t mind one bit the relationship between him and Fiona; she felt that Fiona was a good girl and suited Vritra.

"Not really. I won’t be fighting them on my own. I will just tell the news of their existence here to Golden Moon.

In any case, I’ll be careful, so don’t worry. And if you go shopping, don’t go too far from here—Ghost and Ghoul will be here with you," he replied.

Vritra was feeling a little hungry. After getting a taste of that strong demon, he was craving more of that delicious meat, and thankfully he had saved some for later.

Though that was one of the things he didn’t want to tell others, so he kept it a secret. And since the time in the labyrinth was too traumatic, others didn’t ask many questions about his time there.

"Ah, right. I met a young prince today. If he tries to annoy you tomorrow, just let Ghost take care of him.

He is such a spoiled rich brat, even though he doesn’t look younger than me. And also, avoid the king as much as possible for now," Vritra added.

They chatted for some more time and then went to eat dinner together. The crown prince was a little depressed today, so he didn’t join their group at the dinner table.

After eating dinner, Vritra and all four of the other women—Shitless included—began to walk around the castle.

Vritra planned to borrow the treasures of this kingdom as well, just like he did in the Dunshire Kingdom. Aside from him, Diana was also quite excited at the prospect of stealing all those treasures.

’A monk who loves chaos and a goddess who loves stealing... sigh, the world sure is going down the hill,’ Vritra shook his head as he saw the greed in the goddess’s eyes when they passed by the inventory.

Soon, all of them returned to their rooms. The moment Monk Shitless closed the door behind him, he appeared in his normal form as a glyph appeared in his hand. It was the thing that gave him the woman’s appearance.

Because of the barrier put around his room by Vritra, no spies could look inside, so he could finally appear in his real form.

After putting the glyph carefully onto the table, he lay back on the bed and missed his bull. The two of them had never stayed separated from one another for so long.

...

Vritra climbed onto his bed and slipped under the blanket as he hugged his mother’s body, and after a short talk, they soon drifted off to sleep. The next day was going to be anything but peaceful.

As the dawn broke, Monk Shitless took a bath and then used the glyph to transform into Sonia before walking out of his room. Then he headed straight to meet the crown prince.

Vritra first ate breakfast with Fiona, Vanessa, and Diana, and after saying goodbye to them, he too decided to see the crown prince once more—to push him slightly over the edge again.

After a few minutes’ walk, Vritra arrived at the back garden where the crown prince sat with a depressed expression, while Sonia seemed to be speaking in a depressed tone.

"Prince, are you alright? It seems you haven’t slept the entire night," Vritra asked.

"Haa, I am fine. I just had a lot to think about. Are you going out?" The crown prince had dark circles under his eyes as he replied.

"Yeah, I will be leaving my delicate sister in your care. Please look over her. She gets afraid too easily and hates violence the most," Vritra said as the crown prince nodded sincerely.

Then Vritra walked away. Just a few minutes later, the youngest prince, while acting coy, arrived beside his brother and asked in a childlike voice, "Big bruther, are you okay?"

The crown prince rolled his eyes and absent-mindedly replied, "Yes."

"Who was he and where is he going, big bruther?" the youngest prince questioned, tapping over his chin with his index finger.

"He is Jin Woo, Sonia’s brother. I think he should be going to Paradise Hotel..." the crown prince replied, while thinking of ways to get the tender and frightened Sonia away from his evil father’s clutches.

"Okay, thwank you, big bruther," the young prince said and finally walked away.

...

After getting into a carriage, Vritra headed straight toward the Paradise Hotel, but midway he decided to stop somewhere.

It was a makeup shop, similar to the one which transformed Monk Shitless into Sonia.

A man in his fifties was working on several types of appearances, adding them to the glyphs so that just by injecting a bit of energy, a person could instantly transform into someone else.

"Hello, sir. Can I help you?" The man paused his work and walked up to Vritra with a smile.

"Yeah, I need you to create a makeup glyph for me," Vritra said.

"Of course! Just show or explain the appearance to me and I will create the exact look," the man said confidently while patting his chest.

"This one. How long before it gets ready?" Vritra asked as he pulled out a piece of paper that was cut out of the newspaper.

{Sin Point Gained: Startled +1}

"OH!! Isn’t that the new demon lord Vritra? Are you sure you want that appearance?" the middle-aged man asked in surprise.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...