Chapter 668 Uncle's Protection!!

"Actually, she is pregnant!!" Diana suddenly spoke, as stunned silence filled the carriage.

"W- What…? Pregnant?!" Yasmine was surprised as well, for a few moments unable to react.

But as these words registered, everyone exclaimed in happiness.

Joy surged into the dragoness's heart, she is pregnant!!

Finally, she is going to have her hubby's baby, the thought truly shook her mind though she had been trying so hard for it.

Then her gaze moved to Vritra beside her who was still silent, taking his hand, she muttered:

"Hoo Hubby, I am pregnant!"

Vritra stared at her face for a few moments and then a big smile appeared on his face, as he pulled Yasmine into a tight hug.

"Pregnant… s- she is really pregnant?" he mumbled, appearing frozen for a few moments, his brain processing the sudden news.

"My wifey is pregnant?!! We are going to be daddy and mummy!!" Vritra wasn't sure if any news had excited him this much, it felt a bit strange as well.

Having a child is a big responsibility, and a big change in one's life.

Still, Vritra felt immensely happy, he pulled Yasmine out of the carriage, picking her up, his hands wrapped around her waist.

"Thank you, Yasmine, I am truly delighted!! Thank you…" Vritra felt happy, excited and a whole lot of emotions that he couldn't understand.

Yasmine's eyes filled with tears, seeing his reaction made her even happier as she giggled in his arms.

Their hearts were beating rapidly, a vast amount of emotions filling their minds and hearts.

His body felt hotter, he felt excited enough to keep announcing it loudly but also a bit anxious, it was really… too strange.

The other women also walked out, smiling to see their affectionate display, they all felt very happy.

It was probably the first time they had seen Vritra like that.

Vanessa was also overjoyed, her son is going to be a father, though it made her wonder about the sort of relation she will have with their kid.

Will she be a grandma, or as his wife, just another mummy?

11:21

Will she be a grandma, or as his wife, just another mummy?

And age wise, Yasmine is much older than her, but shaking her head she smiled, those things didn't matter.

As the shock subsided, Vritra hugged Yasmine as if to calm his raging emotions.

Then kissing her lips, he looked at her gently, but remembering the sort of place they are at, made him frown.

"What's wrong hubby?" Yasmine was surprised by the shift in his expression, did he not like it?

"It's just that… this place is too dangerous, we can't be sure about our own safety, how am I going to take care of you? Our child…" the thought instantly made Yasmine's smile fade.

Just earlier they almost died in that military base, she has just heard about her pregnancy but already felt so attached to the new life starting to develop in her belly.

She or Vritra would feel broken if anything happened to their child.

'My child…' Vritra looked down and gently touched her belly, his lips curling, it was still hard for him to believe he was going to be a father.

Although his strength has increased by a lot recently, this place was designed to be very deadly for the players, so the dangers he will face will only get more deadly.

"Well well, am I going to be an uncle? That's… pleasant to hear." Just then Divine's voice sounded in his mind, surprising Vritra.

Right, maybe this guy could help him somehow.

'Divine, is there something you can do?' Vritra asked, hoping for some solution.

"Of course, how can I not protect my sister and my nephew or niece? Just draw the rewards!" he said, sounding quite happy.

He has planned a whole lot and did even more to protect his sisters, to bring them back to life, to make sure in this lifetime they could be happy.

Testing Vritra many times before finally putting his faith in him completely.

Although now he needed to spend too much energy and some of his avatar's remaining life force, it was worth it.

"Oh, okay…" Vritra glanced at his points which were over one hundred thousand.

He needed better rewards, more weapons and if lucky, better ascension paths.

"Wifey, it will be fine, I am just so happy…" he hugged her again, with him around, Vritra didn't want her to worry about their child's safety.

"Mhmm" Yasmine hugged him, sighing, still reeling in the shocking news.

Then the group of women surrounded her, while Shitless and Onest walked up to Vritra.

They had already heard about it.

"Congratulations, pitiful one, I am proud of you, you have grown up." Shitless said, wiping his tears as he patted Vritra's shoulder.

"Congrats, Vritra. We will do our best to help you." Onest said, they were weaker than Vritra but could protect the whole family if the situation arose.

They chatted for a while, the excitement in the family was palpable.

Such grand news called for celebration, so they decided to delay a day and head out later.

He allowed Ming and Ergen to rest too, while moving to the upper floor.

The mood was joyful though everyone was still concerned about the place, but trusted Vritra.

While Yasmine was surrounded by the other women, Vritra walked to the balcony, standing there alone.

He arranged his thoughts, his heartbeat and excitement hadn't calmed yet even after half an hour.

"Use all points and draw rewards for 1,000 points each." Vritra said, putting his faith in Divine.

The only thing making him feel extremely anxious was the danger to the safety of his family, especially Yasmine and the baby.

All the other women weren't jealous but felt motivated to have kids with Vritra as well.

As messages began to flash before his eyes, Vritra suddenly had a lot of questions in his mind.

Like whether her pregnancy time would be the same as normal humans, whether he would have a boy or a girl, skills or things he should know and whatnot.

His mind was too flooded right now, but he was happy, very very happy.

The wheel began to spin in front of him quickly and soon a lot of prizes flashed before him.

[Congratulations, you have obtained the Uncle's protection charm!]

[Congratulations, you have obtained 3 Strength attribute points!]

[Congratulations, you have obtained a spatial whip!]

…

Lots of messages popped before Vritra, as he came out of his thoughts, he was a bit surprised by the names.

'Uncle's protection? Heh' he chuckled lightly, reading the first name.

There were a few weapons that could fit his family very well, there was even an ascension path.

[You have obtained the Elemental Core Ascension Path!]

"Oh this is made perfectly for Yenni, this is great."

Among his family only a few possessed suitable ascension paths so far.

Vanessa has Mind Eye, Fiona has Flame Body, Yennefer will have the Elemental Core and Shitless possesses Metal Body.

He arranged the weapons, deciding to give which one to whom.

There were a lot of rewards this time and so much food, and other supplies.

After reading through it all, his gaze moved towards the final attribute points part.

If he bought those points with 2,000 each, he would have still gotten over 50.

"Let's see how many I got this time." Rubbing his palm, he checked it.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios