Chapter 634 The Mutant Slaughter

'Why does this apocalypse have to arrive, my life… was just starting to get better.' Bull sighed, she had seen the horrors of the apocalypse.

Humans became worse than animals; rape, murder, cannibalism, it all became normal.

A planet with no rules, with no right or wrong and with no fear of punishment.

But what was the point of thinking now, Bull looked at Vritra and asked:

"How did ughh you… survive this long?" Seeing their group, it didn't seem like she had even witnessed the tragedies of the apocalypse.

Vritra made the head of the grasshopper mutant explode, then looked back at her.

"Well, we just arrived here." After speaking, he walked towards her, holding the bloodied machetes.

"Haa survive this hell if y- you can, and if… you have enough strength p- please kill those bastards i- inside COUGH they k- killed my sister a- and they… did things to her…" she coughed violently, her skin turning black.

To maintain the big group, she had always acted tough and never showed vulnerability or talked about her past.

"Well, thanks for telling me, I need to harvest more points so I will clear them up while I am at it." Vritra muttered.

Any mutant who tried to get close had its head pierced by a blade made of blood.

"T- Thank you…" she muttered, closing her eyes. Her body was rapidly undergoing mutation; she too was turning into a mutant zombie.

For a few moments, Vritra stood still, then raising his hand, he slashed at her neck, killing Bull in a single strike.

"Sigh, all of this is happening just for someone's fun?" Vritra felt really annoyed, this normal planet had been turned into a playground.

The lives of all the people had no meaning except for being NPCs for the real players to level up.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +204}

'I should hurry over before more stronger mutants arrive.' He turned, but then pointed his hand towards Bull's corpse.

Blood suddenly enveloped her, then it started to burn. Within moments, Bull's body was cremated.

In the end, killing her gave him no satisfaction of victory. Some people were truly evil and some had changed slightly.

Bull was clearly not a bad person, still Vritra wasn't going to let her live after their conflict.

"Quite a lot of mutants have gathered already, the explosion was pretty loud. Let's spam it!" Rushing forward, his speed kept increasing.

His body soon looked like a blur as he moved among the horde of mutants, cutting their bodies apart.

And then another dragon started to take shape in the air.

He looked around at the place with the highest number of mutants and saw the entrance of the school.

Quite a lot of mutants were trying to enter.

"Perfect." Stomping his foot, his body shot upwards.

He stood atop the corpse of a fat mutant and ignited the surface of the blood giant.

"T- That guy again? What is he planning to do now?" the leader and the others inside saw the terrifying flame dragon, their hearts almost stopping.

The school was quite safe, they had even reinforced the walls, making it very difficult for anyone to enter.

The mutants were yet to break through the outer wall.

But they had limited space to escape too, if they truly got surrounded then most would certainly die.

With a wave of Vritra's hand, the blood giant descended.

BOOOOM!

Another big explosion took place, dozens upon dozens of mutants were swallowed by the explosion, many even burning to death.

Pieces of their bodies were scattered and the snow was starting to melt.

The wall had finally been broken, but it was covered by the corpses of the mutants.

'Why does it feel like the snowing is going to stop soon?' Vritra took a moment to look up at the sky, it wasn't snowing as heavily as before.

But he focused on the people inside the building, he couldn't let the mutants eat them up.

They were all sin points.

Vritra started running while slashing all the mutants around him.

The heads of many exploded suddenly, even his skill was getting stronger.

Another dragon started to take form in the sky, the people in the school were flabbergasted.

Wondering how he had so much energy, this was already the fourth dragon.

"GO!!" Vritra shouted as the flaming dragon flew low, but didn't explode this time.

With his constantly increasing strength, Vritra didn't need to make it explode and could make the dragon fly around for a while.

The dragon opened its mouth wide, devouring several people inside who helplessly launched attacks.

Over six men were swallowed by the flaming dragon, as their bodies started to burn at extreme temperatures.

It was like they were getting boiled alive.

After knowing that these people were scum, Vritra felt good killing them.

Several screams could be heard from inside the dragon's mouth as their bodies started to melt.

It was one of the most excruciating deaths.

Vritra jumped over the wall of corpses near the entrance of the school and moved inside.

Instantly, dozens of blades flew in his direction, those people understood they had to kill Vritra immediately before the dragon devoured them.

WHOOSH

BANG

With his high spiritual power, Vritra could clearly sense each blade and dodging was even easier.

He blocked a few in front with the machetes while running inside.

Suddenly, powerful laser light shot in his direction, almost taking Vritra by surprise.

Thankfully, his agility was very high, kicking off the ground he barely dodged.

He threw one of the blades towards the leader who was shooting lasers from his eyes, making him jump back in fright.

His physical stats weren't high, if not for the lasers, Bull would have killed him already.

Ignoring the others, Vritra flashed beside the leader.

SWISH

The feet of the leader were sliced off at the thighs, Vritra grabbed his head from the back as the leader screamed in madness.

ZRRRRRR

Lasers shot from his eyes as he flailed his arms around. Vritra held his head tightly, cutting off the limbs of all the members in his group but not killing them.

He even used the lasers to cut many mutants, leaving them barely alive.

'I wonder if I can use this skill too? But do I have to get hurt to learn it?' he wondered.

With some doubt, he brought his finger in front of the powerful laser, as it almost cut off his finger.

"Fuck!" pulling his hand back, he looked at his hand and saw his finger healing rapidly.

'Evomorph?' Sighing, he placed the blade at the side of the leader's head, then pushed forward with some strength.

The eyeballs and the nose of the leader were instantly cut off, as the lasers finally stopped, leaving the place full of groans and screams.

Vritra looked around at the brutal scene in which over fifty men lay broken and in pieces, yet not one of them was dead.

Throwing the leader's body up towards the dragon, Vritra ran towards the underlings.

MUNCH

The dragon caught the leader who was still screaming, and he too began to boil.

Running around, he cut off the heads of all the humans, without giving them any chance to fight back.

As the screams quieted down, Vritra could hear the faint, fearful voices of a few women from inside the building.

❖❖❖