Chapter 27: Arrogance

Yasmine's mood was solemn. If Vritra really could manage to pass this challenge, then they would gain a huge advantage, but she was worried since once the plan started, Lucian would have to hold back the goddess for a few seconds on his own.

'If only I had more energy...'

After arriving at the top of the stairs, Vritra saw the familiar balcony to his left; he continued to walk a little further and finally saw the room on his left. The door alone looked so beautiful, majestic, and expensive.

KNOCK KNOCK

He knocked on the door and waited. More than thirty minotaurs slid into the shadows and then surrounded the room. Their presence was completely hidden, since unless Vritra ordered them to act, they would be nothing more than ordinary shadows.

"You can enter." An ethereal and sonorous voice sounded from inside. Vritra pushed open the door and walked inside. What greeted him was a dazzling sight of the large room—everything here looked grand and exquisite.

It contained normal things like a bed, chairs, tables, antiques, mirrors—a lot of mirrors—and many other things.

After scanning the room once, Vritra's gaze focused on the goddess who was standing calmly in front of him, exhibiting a blinding brilliance. She looked as gorgeous as ever, her skin smooth and milky.

Vritra slightly bowed as his body trembled and his hands were shaking. He didn't even look straight at her; the game had already started.

"G- Goddess, did you have anything to ask me?" he asked. He knew such an act would be useless in front of absolute strength and absolute intellect.

But arrogance seldom went hand in hand with intelligence.

And strength becomes useless if it is not coordinated with the mind. Just by being arrogant and looking down at Vritra, Diana had already lost half the game.

"Yes, take a seat." Her voice was like a cool breeze, giving one a sense of ease, almost hypnotizing them. But as her gaze focused on Vritra, there was a bit of a surprise in her eyes.

"Are you Vritra?"

'Sigh, how many times am I going to be asked that today?'

"Yes, I am." Vritra nodded and then sat on the chair, acting nervous but also showing his attraction toward the beautiful goddess in front of him.

'Haa, just as I had expected, this guy is just like the others. Afraid of me yet entranced by me. How is he so lucky to have found that? Well, whatever.' Diana no longer thought about it. She pointed toward a cup placed on a table in front of Vritra and said:

"You can drink the tea. It is fresh."

Vritra nodded but didn't pick up the cup, as he kept looking at her, as if he had just met the love of his life.

'If I didn't know he is acting, then even I would have believed his facial expressions. It isn't easy to focus on such small details.' Even Yasmine was surprised by his acting skill.

Feeling that it was time, Diana casually waved her hand and walked in front of Vritra. A wisp of energy was released by her that spread across the room. Her pretty eyes narrowed as she questioned:

"Yesterday, did you lie about anything to me or did you hide something?"

Vritra's eyes widened, and he showed a flustered expression as if he had just been caught red handed. Then he gulped and tried to hide it: "N- No, I told you everything. I didn't lie or hide anything."

'Ha! Look at this guy, he is making it so obvious. Anyway, there is no need to waste any more time talking, I should get it done with.' Diana thought.

There were two major ways that she could currently use to steal the Misty Essence Mythic Halo without attracting any attention.

First, kill him and take it, as easy as that. But it had one major problem: if she killed the previous host, then there was a high chance that this thing might reject her, and she couldn't really force it.

Second, the one she planned to use—forcefully break the connection between them—which was a better method in this case since the connection between the two was clearly quite weak. Getting the Mythic Halo's acceptance would have a higher chance, since it would seem that Vritra had rejected it on his own.

"FREEZE!!" Diana wasted no time as she raised her slender arms at an extreme speed. Hundreds upon hundreds of invisible threads burst out from all directions and wrapped all over Vritra's body, as he was forcefully pulled to stand on his feet.

Vritra's eyes widened in shock, and aside from his pupils—which showed a terrified look—he couldn't move at all; he couldn't see any of the strings that seemed to have appeared out of nowhere.

"Hahaha! As I expected, this was too easy. Now don't try to resist and be a good child, and you will be allowed to live. Otherwise..." Diana laughed loudly. Of course, she didn't plan to let Vritra live, but giving him false hope would make the whole process much easier.

"Uuuuum hmmmm!" Vritra tried to speak and struggled desperately, but it was of no use. He could only stare at Diana's milky white hand extended toward his chest, going toward his heart.

The goddess was ecstatic, while on the other hand, Yasmine was feeling extremely anxious. She was ready to make her move at any time. The most important thing now was his life.

"Don't worry, it will be over very soon." Diana smiled as she pressed her soft palm over the area of his heart. It seemed that her physical hand had stopped in front of his chest, but a hand made of energy passed through his skin and flesh.

Diana focused as the energy hand moved inside his body, searching for one of the greatest treasures of the universe. It wasn't long before she sensed strange fluctuations.

As she expected, Vritra and this Mythic Halo hadn't merged properly, so the second method was indeed the best.

Without wasting a moment, she grabbed that faint and whitish flame, and then forcefully pulled it outside of Vritra's body.

"This is it!!" she exclaimed. Even though the struggling little flame was still connected to Vritra's body by a thin thread, she had succeeded with her plan. Now one last step remained.

'This is just too easy.' She was gloating. Now she only needed to merge it into her body and let it form a connection to her soul. Finally, she would be the new host of this Mythic Halo.

Just as that flame was pulled out of him, Vritra's mouth filled with blood, but he couldn't even cough. It felt as if his throat was being squeezed by countless invisible threads. He felt a deep pain all across his body—even his soul was under torment now.

Diana instantly injected the white flame into her chest and then guided it toward her heart and soul with her energy. But just as the white flame came into contact with her soul, she suddenly felt that something was wrong.

Her soul body trembled, showing a instinctive fear towards this unknown flame.

'This isn't right...'

__________

Thanks for reading...