Chapter 322: The Perfect Tongue [R-18]

There was just no flaw in both Yennefer and Yasmine, the two women had already reached the peak of beauty.

He wasted no more time as his mouth once again descended over her lips.

He sucked them hard and pushed his tongue into her mouth as Yennefer just enjoyed the action, letting him suck all the honey from her lips and from around her tongue.

After the kiss ended, Vritra’s tongue dragged down her creamy skin.

Yennefer started moaning again as Vritra sucked her skin, licking the honey.

Then his mouth came onto her shoulder, Vritra bit her shoulder with a little force.

"Hnnggggg~ Hoooo~ aaah~"

Vritra enjoyed her melodic moans as if it was the best music while leaving several kiss marks over her shoulder, sucking off all the honey.

Then he moved further down, licking her skin all the way as his tongue arrived over her cleavage.

Squeezing her boobs, Vritra sucked her passage between the two soft mounds.

He pulled the soft flesh of her boob into his mouth, as it filled his mouth completely.

Yennefer continued to moan, his teeth and tongue continuously working on her boob.

Her pink nipples had already hardened, feeling quite sensitive.

A wave of current shot through her body as Vritra planted a kiss over her areola, before licking honey off her areolas.

The tip of his tongue drew circles around her nipple, making the empress arch her back in pleasure, her voice becoming needy.

SLURP

Finally, Vritra took her honeyed nipple into his mouth, as even more sweetness exploded into his mouth.

He suckled at the nipple and squeezed it between his tongue and the upper part of his mouth, but it was a pity that nothing would come out of her boobs.

Vritra missed his mother even more and her delicious milk, he desperately wanted to have more of that delicious fluid, but for now he focused on the tasty bud in his mouth.

Yennefer let out a loud cry filled with pain and pleasure as Vritra bit down on her nipple.

Her hands instantly moved as she hugged him tightly, the itch in her nether region becoming unbearable.

Vritra continued to suck on her nipple, rubbing his tongue and poking the tip of her nipple, pulling more of her boob into his mouth.

After a while, he pulled his mouth away as the nipple came out of his mouth with a pop sound and her boob jiggled.

Vritra wasted no time as he latched onto the other nipple, which was still covered with honey.

He rolled it around with his tongue and started sucking like a baby.

Yennefer’s body was becoming more sensitive by the second.

Each touch from him made her feel as if he was setting her body on fire. She squeezed her thighs as her love juices started to flow out.

Vritra had his feast over the two sweet nipples, he didn’t let go of those two delicious candies until they had become slightly swollen.

Pulling his mouth away from her nipples, Vritra continued to move down, licking the honey over her belly and biting her creamy skin.

He buried his face into her soft belly, licking her skin with delight, even teasing her belly button before coming down to her thighs.

He skipped her vagina for now, clearly aware how badly she wanted him to touch her there.

Pulling both of her legs over his shoulder, Vritra turned his head to the right and bit over her thigh, while squeezing them with his hands.

Yennefer’s thighs were quite thick and fleshy. Vritra loved such bodies instead of those skinny girls.

Thankfully all his women had such nice bodies.

Vritra licked her thighs, biting them as she continued to leak more of her love juices, desperately waiting for his mouth.

After biting and licking both her thighs for a few minutes, Vritra finally leaned over to her vagina.

The sight alone of her entrance and the pinkish cave made it obvious how horny she was right now.

Her outer labia looked as if it was pulsing, twitching lightly and was completely drenched in her nectar.

The sweet scent of her juices mixed with honey made Vritra feel thirsty.

He gulped his saliva and in the next moment, his lips smashed against her soft petals as he pulled them into his mouth and licked the honey.

The empress’s toes curled, she raised her hips feeling intense pleasure as Vritra sucked her petals, his tongue moving gently along them.

After cleaning the entrance, Vritra licked from her labia and to her clitoris that was also covered in honey.

Wrapping his lips against the small hidden bud, Vritra sucked hard making Yennefer let out an even louder moan, as she squirted out even more of her love juices, her body trembling.

Sucking on the clit and nibbling lightly on it, Vritra tortured her sensitive spot for a couple of minutes, then his mouth came down to her pussy.

Tilting his head slightly, Vritra pressed his lips against her petals in a seal-tight kiss, tasting her sweet nectar.

SLURP~ SLURP~

GULP

The empress heard the sounds Vritra made as he started eating up her vagina.

Her waist twisted slightly as his soft tongue pushed past her outer labia, making its way inside her tight cave.

Vritra’s tongue pushed into her pussy, the fleshy walls started squeezing it while the folds stuck to his tongue, pulling him deeper into her body.

"Ahhhhhh~ Hnnggggg~ Haa Yes, you are hmmm~ doing v- very well, I love it mmmm~"

Yennefer’s back arched as her chest rose high. Her hands rested over his head while she squeezed his head between her thick thighs.

She loved how his tongue moved inside her cave, poking and rubbing against the wet walls but it wasn’t enough, she wanted more.

Soon Vritra had pushed the entire length of his tongue into her body. He kept drinking her sweet and warm juices, while teasing her insides.

’Should I do it?’ Vritra wondered for a moment, and then decided to give a little surprise to the unsuspecting empress.

[Intra shuffle activated.]

After the skill was activated, the length of his tongue increased by just a little but it reached even deeper into her pussy all of a sudden, poking against a really sensitive area inside.

"Ooommphh~ Haannngggg~ haa Mmmm~"

All of a sudden waves of pleasure coursed through her body. His tongue moved wildly inside her, rubbing and twisting with so much force, licking all over her wet fleshy walls.

SLURP GULP

Vritra continued to eat her out for a while but under the constant stimulation of his upgraded tongue, the empress couldn’t last long as she felt an orgasm build up.

"V- Vritra Hnnngggg~ Vritra I- It’s coming Hnnnnn~" Yennefer moaned out his name as waves of love juices flooded out of her body, flowing directly into Vritra’s mouth as he gulped her warm nectar.

She felt extremely good as she came, Vritra’s tongue still continued to wriggle inside her body, truly making her reach heavens.

As the orgasm ended, Yennefer lay over the bed panting heavily.

A shiver ran through her body as she felt his tongue being pulled out of her vagina, rubbing against her folds.

"Did you like that, my queen?" Vritra questioned.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...