Chapter 530 A Day With My Naughty Mother [R-18]

Vritra's teeth were sinking into her flesh around the areola, lightly biting.

He continued to suckle, pinching the bud from time to time while constantly using his tongue on it.

And soon, a drop of milk leaked out of her nipple, falling over his tongue.

Vritra increased the force, sucking even harder as he pulled her even closer, creating a complete vacuum between their bodies.

"Hnnn~ Honey that feels s-so good Ahhh~ Silly boy, don't b-bite you mommy's nipple Hnnggg~ or it will h-hurt Hmmm~" For some reason, she wanted to talk dirty.

And it clearly worked; the two were getting more excited.

Inside his mouth, more and more droplets of the sweet milk started leaking out of the nipple which was slowly turning hard.

And under the constant suction it wasn't long before strong jets of warm milk were shooting out, hitting the back of his mouth.

GULP GULP

The quantity kept increasing; within a few minutes, Vritra's mouth was flooded by her rich creamy hot milk.

While the succubus's moans reverberated across the room.

Of course not a single sound leaked out, as it was covered by several layers of barriers.

No one would even be able to break inside, even if several lords attacked at once.

"Ahhh~ Honey, your cock Mmmm~ is a-already so hard, d-did you like haa haa my milk t-that much? But Nnngghh~ there is a p-price for everything, hehe I will be m-milking your haa balls dry soon hnngggg~"

Vanessa muttered as her arm moved; her soft palm slid over his skin, soon arriving over his member that was pressed against her thighs.

Her fingers wrapped around the shaft as she gently began to caress it, but she didn't want him to cum just yet; how wasteful would that be?

SLURP

Feeling the softness of her palm over his penis, Vritra felt really good, plus the large amount of milk pouring out of her boobs.

It truly was like heaven.

He bit down on her nipple, sending a shiver through his mother's body as she let out a loud sensual moan; while even more milk shot out.

Vritra pulled back slightly, the jet of milk hitting his face. Licking the nipple, he pulled both breasts together.

Then stuffed the two nipples into his mouth; his lips stretched into an O shape, circling tightly around the breasts.

"Mmm" Vritra hummed in satisfaction as soon his mouth was overflowing with her milk.

The sweetness and warmth was just so good; with each gulp, he could clearly feel the fluid flowing down into his belly.

The more he drank the more he wanted, and thankfully, her boobs seemed to have a lot.

Vanessa continued to rub his penis while with the other hand she caressed his head, letting her baby drink her milk; only though, it was very very erotic.

His poor tongue was lost in the flood of hot milky fluid; constant gulping sounds ringing out.

He continued to drink for dozens of minutes and after having quite a lot, the flow finally started to slow down.

Of course, if Vanessa wanted she could keep her boobs full always with her ability and energy, but it was time to do more than this.

Her vagina was already wet and pulsing, waiting to be filled with his member.

While she could feel his excitement through his cock, precum leaking out as she rubbed her thumb over the tip.

Finally, the flow of milk stopped and Vritra felt so full; he sucked for a few moments more and then pulled back.

Drinking the last mouthful before licking her nipples clean. The poor buds were tortured for so long; they were definitely sore, but as his tongue rubbed against them, the succubus mommy only felt pleasure.

"So my hungry hungry baby, did you enjoy that?" Vanessa asked as she saw Vritra licking his lips; he seemed contented but also seemed to want more.

"Yes, that was haa really delicious." Vritra replied, enjoying this naughty version of her.

"Aww, I am huff so happy, all of m-my milk was for my baby after all. But…" Biting her lower lip, she gave an erotic smile and continued:

"Want to drink something else which haa haa should also be j-just as delicious? And also, I need to take my fees."

As she spoke, Vanessa moved, rolling around and bringing her face over his hard member.

While she brought her vagina close to his face, her juices dripping onto his lips and cheek.

The relation between them was already such a taboo but all of this made the whole thing feel as if they were doing something so wrong.

Yet none wanted to stop.

She held his member between her palms gently, letting her gaze devour it before her mouth.

Then extending her tongue, she licked the glans, slurping the precum.

The hot succubus continued to lick over the head and the shaft, lapping up all the precum; then she put the head into her mouth.

"Honey, Mmm~ SLURP go ahead and haa taste me, I am all yours~" she spoke.

SLURP

Her cheeks hollowed out as she sucked hard with so much force as if trying to pull his very soul out, or pull out every last drop of his thick semen.

While her tongue poked and pressed against the tip, hungrily devouring the sweet fluid, her saliva covering the pulsing member.

On the other side, Vritra placed his palms over her ass, pulling her closer.

His lips pressed against the vertical petals, kissing lightly before spreading them with his thumbs.

Vritra gave a few light licks, tasting her delicious fluids before finally plunging his tongue deep inside her.

As usual, the length of his tongue increased by Intra Shuffle, pushing deeper through the tight confines of her fleshy folds and tight walls.

More and more juices leaked out, flowing into Vritra's mouth as he started drinking the different but sweet and hot fluid.

"Ahngggg~ Mmmmph~ H-Honey y-you are in so Haa deep, a-ah SLURP r-right there Mmm~ good, e-eat mommy out well…" Vanessa pulled the head of his cock out momentarily and spoke while licking it.

Then she pushed her head down, taking his penis deep inside her mouth as it hit the back of her throat.

While the tingly but satisfying sensation of his tongue rolling and twisting inside her made her shiver and wriggle.

Muffled moans continued to leak out of her mouth as she started moving her head up and down, taking the cock deep inside with each thrust.

Vritra was sucking hard, drinking her nectar as his tongue poked at her erogenous zones deep inside, rubbing against the smooth but uneven texture of her folds.

Her insides were clutching around it so tightly, squeezing his tongue and pulling it in.

The pair of mother and son removed all their worries and just focused on one another, devouring one another with a primal hunger.

Vanessa took the entire length of his large cock into her mouth as the head pushed into her throat, getting squeezed by her flesh.

Her breasts were squished over his belly, nipples pressed against his skin; a drop or two of milk leaked out, rolling down his skin.

The whole scene was extremely erotic; all shames and norms thrown away as Vritra and Vanessa lost themselves in the lewd act.

❖❖❖