Chapter 681 Letting go

Walking away from the mine, Vritra gazed around at the slum like area, the living conditions of the people were so bad here.

Many hadn't even eaten in days, dead bodies could be seen lying around.

It truly made him feel bad for them, especially since he hated the gods so much.

'Was that woman stronger than the gods? Or was she a demi god too?' Vritra wondered.

But shaking his head, he tried pushing her out of his thoughts, though it turned out to be impossible.

'Do I actually know her?'

Anyway, right now he needed to return to his family and give them those crystals.

He glanced at his status panel, the numbers putting a big smile over his face.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 380.6)

(Agility: 278.3)

(Endurance: 272.8)

(Spiritual: 315.3)

{Free Attribute: 16}

』

"Oh right, I have over a million Sin Points, I will draw lots but let's first get out of here. Hmm." he looked around at the vast territory of this organization.

Despite his high strength, he didn't want to just rush in blindly.

That would be stupid if there were many players or powerful mutants around.

"Infinite Evolution Ascension Path, let's try that!" he suddenly remembered his new Ascension Path.

With just a thought, his body rapidly began to evolve.

Large wings appeared over his back, tearing through his clothes and spreading wide.

Vritra could actually change his body in whatever way he wanted, and it was way better than the Internal Shuffle skill.

There were still limits but he was sure now he could even transform into a giant if he wished it, or gain any physical ability.

"Alright, time to leave." With a jump, Vritra soared into the sky.

At first he felt a bit awkward flying, but he quickly got used to it and sped up.

'I don't even know where I am currently, should I catch someone and question?' flying high, he looked down at the tiny human figures.

And dived down, wings shrinking back as his speed rose to an extreme.

WHOOSH

"So as I was saying, there is a new female survivor in the slu- huh? Where did this bastard go? Tsk I am going to complain, did he get wet from hearing about a woman or something?" the guard shook his head.

"Uwaaaaaaah!!" the other guard was already high in the sky, as Vritra dragged him away.

"S- Save meeeeee, mutant, it's a mutant!!" he shouted.

"Shut up, I am a human." Vritra said, at least he was in human skin.

"Uh oh, h- human? Why did you kidnap me? Are you from the Doctors? SOB Saveeeeeeeeee- Kaghhh" he suddenly fell silent after biting his tongue.

After travelling away, Vritra paused in the air.

"Just answer my questions and I will let you go, if you don't speak or lie I will let you go!" he threatened.

"Y- Yekkk I will goo ik- COUGH ughhh I will do it." he nodded hurriedly.

"Good, now tell me, which organization was it just now? In which direction is the base of Blood Fang? Any powerful mutants around?" Vritra asked.

"W- We are in the Cinema, and b- Blood Fang should be… in that direction. I don't know any mutants a- around." The man answered fearfully.

Vritra nodded as he scanned the area, then smiling he said: "Good job, you are a good guy. As promised I will let you go."

"Hehe T- Thank you saaaaaaaaaa-" the man smiled but only until Vritra let go of his arm, then he screamed madly.

"Bye, be a good person in your next life." After sending off his helper, Vritra scanned the area.

The sky was too dangerous but with his current stats, most things should be no match.

"Let's see how fast I can go then." Flames burst out of his feet as he sped away.

Looking at the mutants on the ground, he kept using Spiritual Burst to kill them all.

'All of them should still be there, right?' their strength was pretty high, they were all about to ascend.

There was a rather big gap between the Cinema and Blood Fang, Vritra had to fly for over thirty minutes.

'That's the location I was attacked at, hmm doesn't look like my second Ascension made as much of a scene.'

"But where are they?" looking around at all the rubble and few buildings, Vritra wasn't really sure.

He didn't even know how long he had been gone for, worry filled his heart.

But soon he saw pieces of clothes, something he was familiar with.

"Wasn't this the outfit that Ergen guy was wearing last time?" following the trail, he walked into a building.

But something felt strange, this building had a strong stench of blood.

He walked deeper, passing through an invisible border, Vritra suddenly found himself standing in a cave.

Water was dripping from the top and the ground was muddy, there were several footsteps.

"They had entered it?" Vritra frowned, he was sure they would just wait for him even if he was gone for a few days.

And with Yasmine with them, none of them would easily take on anything too risky.

"Did someone attack them?" frowning, his body evolved as he turned completely invisible.

Then he made his way forward hurriedly, from the footsteps it didn't seem they were taken in forcefully.

Maybe they escaped from someone, countless possibilities passed through Vritra's mind.

***

"Damnit, come out right this instant, you bitches, if I manage to break this damn door you are all going to be in big trouble!!" a guy wearing a lion's skin shouted.

"Kek How long can you stay hidden inside? Do you plan to die from starvation and thirst, see we have so much food." Another guy said while drooling.

This was an old man with a head full of white hair and half a foot in the grave.

"Tsk If Morgan hadn't ordered us to catch them alive, I would have just cut them earlier!" another guy whose entire body was full of scars spoke.

"Aye, what are you talking, how can we just kill such pretty ladies? But you are free to kill those guys." The old man said, licking his lips disgustingly.

Most of his teeth were gone too.

Outside a stone covered hole stood more than a hundred men, leading them were four men.

The man with scars, the old man, the brute lion guy and one man who stood completely silent, the new commander of Morgan's army.

He was previously a leader of a big group with the ability to make anything explode, but Morgan managed to somehow turn him into a slave.

The four ascended along with over a hundred men had attacked Fiona and the others while they were waiting for Vritra.

Thankfully, they had managed to escape but ended up locked in this place.

This was not a normal cave, after the door was covered by stone, it wouldn't budge.

Neither from inside nor from outside.

"Break this darn door, and get this perverted old guy away. I am going to kill them all!!" the scarred guy roared.

"Hey calm down, we don't kill women." the lion guy spoke, before adding:

"They are something we enjoy slowly, the more they resist the better. Haha And this bunch, I have never seen anyone as beautiful as those, I won't just hand them over to Morgan."

"Right, we can't kill those pretty girls, come out and play with me." The old man muttered.

Drrrrrrr...

Suddenly, the door began to open.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios