Chapter 105: Blabber mouth

"S- Sir, please forgive me, just give me another chance. I was arrogant before SLAP I was stupid SLAP power had gotten into my head. Please, I want to live. I can do whatever it is you want. I didn’t even try to kill you. I am begging you, please, just one chance."

Number One slapped himself again as his mask broke and his nose began to bleed.

His face was nothing out of the ordinary—just the face of a man who seemed to be in his thirties, someone who would meld perfectly in a crowd; though his real age must be much higher.

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +1}

"Aye, why are you acting like I am some cruel, merciless killer? I just wanted to have a small talk with you. You don’t have to worry like that.

And you are the leader of so many people, the strongest among them all—stand up and be more confident. How could you just kneel in front of anyone?" Vritra said, his tone calm and devoid of any killing intent.

"..."

Number One doubted him at first, but upon thinking—if Vritra really wanted to kill him, then he could have just ordered one of the Myriad creatures to do so. There was no need for all this.

"Alright sir, just tell me whatever it is you want to talk about." Number One said, as hope appeared in his eyes.

"It is kind of a secret, so I can’t say it in front of all these people. How about just the two of us talk in that corner?" Vritra pointed towards one corner of the large space.

"Uh... O- Okay." Number One nodded fearfully as he stood up and then followed behind Vritra silently. He was still a little afraid.

Once they arrived out of everyone’s earshot, Vritra was the first to speak.

"So you had two purposes in coming to this place: experiments and the search for this tomb, am I right?"

"Y- Yeah, experiments and the search—we are here for that." Number One nodded hastily. He was sweating profusely as he kept glancing back at the two Myriad creatures, fearing that they might strike at any moment.

"I see, so—" Vritra began to speak, but then saw a new message flash before his eyes.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Tricked +1}

’Haa... this man is so close to death yet he still has the nerve to lie to me?’ Vritra shook his head but continued calmly.

"But it seems there is more to your missions than just experiments and the search. I had heard something interesting. So are you trying to lie to me?"

A killing intent exponentially stronger than before burst out of his body and made Number One’s knees buckle.

"N- No sir, I was a- about to speak..." He took a deep breath and understood that he couldn’t lie at all in this situation, or he might really end up dying.

"Our third and final mission... even I don’t have m- much detail about it. But I know that it was somehow related to the d- demons. I believe they might soon be barging into this kingdom with a large a- army, but I am not sure what their goal exactly is." Number One spoke in haste, and no ’Got Tricked’ message popped.

"Hmm... the demons might be coming to this kingdom. Maybe they are after this tomb too," Vritra wondered.

Number One understood that if he wanted to live, then he would have to be as honest as he could. So after slight hesitation, the small blabbermouth began to throw out one secret after another.

"A- Although it is just a rumour, but they are searching for some key that is said to have been lost in this kingdom a l- long time ago. I think it might be related to this tomb or something even more special," Number One said.

"..."

Although Vritra already had an answer in mind, he still asked, "And what kind of key is it?"

"I am not exactly sure, but from what I had heard in those rumours, it is something kept in a black box, which has an almost impossible to solve puzzle. I know nothing more about it." Number One replied honestly.

"Okay, then what do you know about this tomb?" Vritra asked as he tapped at the chin of his mask.

"A- About this tomb, we had gotten an ancient map which showed the location of some great treasure. That was the biggest reason for the Nine Pacts to arrive here. I didn’t receive any other info," Number One answered.

"Alright, now tell me the last question—"

Just as Vritra was about to speak, he heard a distant scream. Without even turning his head, he found that a few psychos from the Golden Moon seemed to have attacked someone.

"P- Pitiful one, save meeeee!!" came the shout from the crowd. It seemed a few people of Golden Moon got annoyed by the light flashing off his bald head and they attacked him at the same time.

Vritra looked at Monk Shitless. The monk raised one of his fingers toward Vritra in the Doctor Strange style, saying this is that one chance.

’Sigh... Bob, go save him but don’t kill anyone—just lightly push them back.’

Vritra ordered, as one of the balls’ size decreased and it appeared in front of the monk, protecting him from all the attacks before bringing the baldy away from the group.

Finally, Vritra’s attention returned to the horrified Number One.

’So h- he really can control those creatures...’ The leader was terrified after finding this. Previously, there was still some doubt in his mind.

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +1}

"Now tell me a little about those experiments you are conducting." Vritra asked.

"Oh t- those... I don’t really control them. There is a d- doctor in the base of the Nine Pacts who controls all the experiments and reports them back to our h- headquarters. There are several types of e- experiments. I have no knowledge of t- that." Number One replied in a nervous tone.

"Alright, you did very well. Now it is my turn to tell you something important," Vritra said as his lips curled up inside the mask.

"T- Tell me what?" Number One became even more nervous as he heard that.

"You know that your group had even taken the people summoned to this place from another world, right? From a labyrinth, where the king’s men had delivered them to you—dead or alive?" Vritra asked.

"Y- Yes... why do you say that?"

Number One became restless, his fear increasing rapidly, of course he knew about all this.

"My name is Vritra, and I was one of your targets. But miraculously, I survived—though I had to face hell for that. But I have to thank you. Just because of the Nine Pacts and this kingdom’s army, several nice changes happened in my life."

Vritra said, although his words were calm. But Number One was so frightened that he actually leaked a little in his pants.

’So he intended to kill me from the beginning...’

Number One’s mind went blank, his vision becoming blurring and his heart was beating so wildly as if it was about to pop out of his chest.

___________

Thanks for reading...