Chapter 311: The Abandoned

"I didn’t, I was trying to catch you and how can I allow someone else to kill you when it should be me who kills you." The empress said, looking at him with a threatening look that looked rather cute.

"Oh, so you wanted to finish me off with your hands and get the kill, well we are all alone so why don’t you try your hand at it again? I can’t even run now." Vritra chuckled, leaning backwards.

"Sure, would be a great start to this new adventure." Yennefer nodded in agreement as she crawled forward and sat in front of him over her knees, leaning onto him and getting dangerously close.

"So how do you want to die?" She questioned, resting her hand over his shoulder for support.

"Why don’t you try suffocating me like earlier?" He joked.

The empress was no longer wearing her veil, and her face looked even more beautiful from up close, the milky skin that looked absolutely delicious and those pink lips appeared so sweet and savoury.

CHAK CHAK

WOOOOOO

"How about- mmph?!!"

Just as her lips parted, the train shook violently as if someone had forcefully applied brakes all of a sudden and the empress accidentally fell forward, as her warm and tender lips pressed against Vritra’s.

"!!!"

Even Vritra was surprised at the buttery sensation of her lips, the previous time he helped her with the inheritance, they hadn’t kissed so this was their first kiss.

Mwaah~

’So things like this happen outside of anime too, huh.’

Vritra thought, as the two remained in that position for a few seconds, before Yennefer finally pulled herself back with a faint, wet sound—her moist lips clinging to his for just a moment longer before parting, before lightly bouncing back.

She sat back and could still feel the sensation of his lips on hers.

"Oh well, I wouldn’t mind this method of suffocation as well." Vritra spoke as he stood up, and extended his right hand towards her.

Yennefer tried her best to maintain her cold behaviour, though it was badly falling apart.

’So that’s how a kiss feels, my first kiss but he must have kissed a lot of times before this...’

After thinking this, she pushed his hand away and stood up, an unknown feeling of jealousy slowly rose into her heart.

"Looks like the train is about to stop." Vritra held the door handle and looked outside, and the endless darkness on both sides was slowly turning into land.

’I should check that map I received as soon as possible, I have a feeling that the two things are related to one another.’ Vritra thought but he couldn’t access his inventory, thinking of this he had a headache.

Vritra was in his normal form right now, thankfully internal shuffle was still working so he could hide his demonic appearance or the empress might really have tried to kill him.

CHAK CHAK

Woooooo Wooooooo

Releasing loud horn sounds, the train slowly came to a stop and the sight outside surprised the two.

It was a town with more than thirty or so houses, which was around at a distance of three hundred meters from the railway track.

They could even see several people who were talking and watching the train, so they weren’t the only ones stuck in this trap.

"Yennefer..." For some reason, whenever he called out her name, the empress’ heart jumped in surprise.

She looked at him with her practiced apathetic face and spoke: "Yes?"

"I think it would be better if you hide your status for now and while you are at it, cover your face as well.

We don’t know what kind of people live here, or if there are any anomalies, who could still use their mana—hey, are you listening to me?"

Seeing the dazed look on her face, Vritra tapped over her shoulder as the empress came to her senses.

She shook her head, just now her eyes and mind were stuck to his lips and she kept staring while recalling the feeling.

"What did you say?"

Vritra sighed and repeated himself.

"Why should I?" Yennefer asked, she didn’t like playing weak at all.

"It is not playing weak, you are actually weak right now. You can’t even overpower me, so it’s better to be cautious at first." Vritra said, sometimes women could be so difficult to talk to.

"...Okay." She nodded and picked up her veil from the floor; after cleaning it she wore it back.

THUCK

KRRRRRRR

Creating loud noises the doors of the train opened, Vritra and Yennefer walked out, and the people who seemed to be sightseeing outside were surprised.

"Oh, more people had arrived again, recently the number of people arriving here had increased." One of the men spoke.

There were around twelve men and women with their ages ranging from twenty to forty.

"Hello," Vritra greeted and then asked the question he had been so curious about: "Where are we?"

"Ah, here we go again, but they are quite peaceful compared to the red cloth ones that had been arriving here lately." Another boy said, gazing curiously at the two.

"Well, it would be faster if you just meet the town head, he should already be explaining things to the new entries that came hmmm around two hours ago." The blonde guy said.

The eyes of all the guys were attracted towards Yennefer, even with her face hidden, she looked way too hot.

While the women were staring at Vritra, it was his real appearance and he looked like a charming devil of lust or an incubus.

Yennefer frowned upon seeing the gazes of all the women and thought in annoyance: ’Hah, you should be the one to hide your face, the flies would always linger around the sweet.’

"Okay, so where is your town head?" Vritra asked, while observing the surroundings, it looked like a perfectly normal town.

There was absolutely nothing out of the ordinary.

"Right in that town hall." A woman with short black hair said, as she walked towards Vritra and said with a smile:

"We will bring you there, well it’s okay to be confused for now, you will understand everything soon."

While talking the group started walking.

Just as they entered the town Vritra noticed faint marks of blood over the ground at several places, one of the houses was completely wrecked; the windows and doors were broken as if several wild beasts had attacked.

There was a well near the entrance of the town which didn’t seem to be working, and a signboard was placed at the entrance, the name of the town was written there with big bloody letters.

"The Abandoned..." Vritra read it out, all these things made the town more mysterious.

"Oh, don’t worry, you will get used to all that." The girl with short hair said as she moved close to him, and just couldn’t tear her gaze away from him.

"Tch." Yennefer clicked her tongue, before saying: "How far is this town hall?"

"That building is the town hall." One of the guys said, while pointing.

There was a building in the middle of the town that almost looked like an old-style police station, with dozens of wooden houses made on each side.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...