Chapter 67: Planning

Diana looked just as beautiful and pure as ever, wearing a graceful white dress and having an air of respect and reverence around her. Her expression was serene and her skin looked like milk.

Vritra rubbed his eye and gestured for her to enter, then he pulled a chair for her and went to wash his face. After coming out of the bathroom, he took a seat in front of her and asked, "So what is it?"

Diana faintly glanced into the room—it was perfectly clean and well-organized. On the bed, Vanessa was still asleep. She didn’t think too much about it and focused her gaze on Vritra.

"I heard a news and I thought you would be interested in it so I came here to tell you," Diana spoke, her voice still containing that high and authoritative tone, but she seemed much more tamed.

"You came yourself? You could have sent someone from those followers of yours to deliver this news. Do you have something to ask?" Vritra asked, though he already had an idea what she was about to ask.

"Umm... Was that really you yesterday? D- Did you really kill Arthur?" Diana asked in a cautious tone, but being his maid she wasn’t much worried that he would kill her too.

"Yes, things turned out that way." Vritra answered and thought:

’Now that I think about it, that was the first time I killed a human, but I didn’t feel any kind of sadness or remorse. Is it because I have been killing so many demons that I got numb to that feeling?’

{Sin Point Gained: Awed +1}

"Ah... I see, so you really got so strong in just a month after our fight. J- Just how did you do it? Arthur was incredibly strong, even if he was caught up in your plan it wouldn’t be easy to kill him." Diana asked. She tried to see his level and could only see 90, which was obviously fake.

Vritra had increased his level the previous day using the Fake Status skill. Otherwise, how could a level one beat Raino in a moment? He needed a bit more time to prepare, so he was still being a little careful, but he also wasn’t lying completely low.

"So what kind of news did you want to deliver?" Vritra questioned, instead of answering her.

"..." Diana remained silent for a moment. After meeting Vritra, her normal life, which was going on without many big events, had suddenly been turned upside down. She wasn’t sure anymore what future held in store for her.

Sighing, she decided to forget the earlier topic for now as she spoke, "You asked me about any big event happening in the capital, right? Because of the fight yesterday, a few guards had died and the exam for guard selection that was supposed to happen a week or so from now has been rescheduled to today. The number of entries and the size of the platform have increased too, so there will be an even bigger crowd." Diana spoke. She wondered why he wanted to know about crowded places.

"..." Vritra pondered for a moment, then his lips rose slightly as his gaze landed on the gorgeous goddess.

"Will the number of people watching and participating increase if the goddess herself were to go there to watch and encourage those people?" he asked.

"Of course, the number will increase by several times. Most people would just come because of me," Diana spoke pridefully before understanding his words.

{Sin Point Gained: Dazed +1}

"You want me to go there?" she asked, surprised.

"Yes, is there a problem?" Vritra asked nonchalantly.

"T- There is no problem, but it is such a minor event. It wouldn’t look good for someone like me to go there personally... is it really necessary?" the goddess asked. After all, she has to maintain her reputation.

"Hmm. If you go, then I won’t give you any orders for a day." Vritra said after a moment.

"Three days!!" she bargained.

"Two days," Vritra said firmly.

"Deal. I will announce the news of my arrival there first, and I will be there right on time." Diana added, as she made the deal and stood up. She wasn’t losing anything in this deal.

"Alright." He watched as Diana left the room in a good mood, then he glanced at his sin points that were still stuck near only 20,000.

’Don’t worry, I will collect as many sin points as possible today. If I could get one more of such skills then my strength will increase again greatly.’ Vritra mumbled as he patted Zengis’s head and then went to take a bath.

...

Vritra ate breakfast with his mother, then he told her about the event while eating.

"Can I go there too?" Vanessa asked. She didn’t know what he was planning this time—what if he is planning to blow the entire venue?

"Sure, go along with Diana." Vritra nodded. If no one interferes in that competition, then it shouldn’t be too dangerous.

"Okay. You are going to participate too?" Vanessa asked with a smile, feeling happy. Recently, she hadn’t been able to leave the castle or the temple.

"Yes, I will certainly be participating though not normally—and you will know it is me when I am being introduced." Vritra said with a mischievous smile. This event was going to be quite special.

After eating breakfast, Vritra and Vanessa left the room. Vanessa went to meet Diana while Vritra left the temple. He needed to prepare a little for the competition. His entrée needed to be spectaculous to the point that he would be showering in sin points.

The more outrageous things he did, the more reactions he would receive from the public. But before leaving, he had one task to complete.

He went to knock on the doors not too far away from his own, then he pulled the two boys into one room and made them sit on the bed while he stood in front of them, releasing a faint aura of his, making them cower.

"W- What do you want?" Tyler asked, his chubby face looking pale.

"We d- didn’t mock you or anything before," Jace spoke. His body seemed to have become even thinner. They were also in Max’s team in the labyrinth, so both of them were afraid that Vritra would blame them and take revenge.

"Don’t be so afraid, I need you to do a couple of simple tasks for me. If you complete them, then both of you would be fine. But if you don’t, then... remember the last two times when you almost died? The third will be your last." Vritra said, his friendly smile looking haunting.

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +2}

’So it was him?!! He definitely knows that it was our team that tried to kill him.’ Jace and Tyler were both shocked as they looked at each other in shock and fear, before becoming even paler and their bodies shrunk back.

"W- What do we have to do?" Jace asked, his voice shaking and his entire body shivering.

"Not much, you just have to..." Vritra explained their part in his plan—the plan to deal massive blows to Max, to torture his soul and completely shatter his heart, before his body is tortured.

______________

Thanks for reading...