Chapter 245: Dark Hell

The frozen Grieves came back to their senses as they trembled in dread before scattering around in all directions, abandoning the inheritance they struggled to keep just for their life.

"Hah, after bullying me all this time, now you wish to escape? Not happening." Vritra mumbled before looking at the Hellmancer and ordering: "Hell, trap them all here."

"Yes, master."

TUK

Hellmancer rose high into the sky. Raising the staff slightly, he tapped the bottom against the air, creating a light sound as a blinding light flew in all directions.

The space itself twisted as light swallowed the entire space, even the barrier included. It was like this part of the small forest had been transformed into a separate piece of space, and it lost all connection to the outside.

BANNGGGG

BANNGGGG

BANNGGG

...

All the Grieves collided against the invisible barrier that separated the spaces. They desperately tried to break it, but nothing was working.

They took out various types of glyphs, such as ones to create powerful explosions, to break the space, to teleport, but everything was useless in Hellmancer’s territory.

He was like the god in this part, and with a snap of his fingers, all the Grieves suddenly appeared exactly in front of him, even the Pope.

"Hello there, what’s the hurry to leave? Since you have come to our door, give us the opportunity to show our hospitality." Vritra said, pointing towards the large fiery door, then he added: "Knight, Hell, don’t leave a single one alive."

"Understood, master!!" In the very next instant both of them disappeared from their positions, their speed was so fast that even Vritra could barely follow it with his eyes despite the time delay.

While the two cuties were busy cleaning these Grieves, Vritra decided to join in on the fun. He called back the Grieve soul wraith and made it stand beside Bob before rushing forward as he started slaughtering the Grieves.

Even though the Dark Knight and Hellmancer were clearly overpowering the Grieves, killing these cockroaches was extremely time-consuming. They wouldn’t die even if their bodies were completely destroyed.

But with the death of each Grieve, the strength of the two of them continued to increase. Vritra allowed them to devour all the Grieves they were killing. It was such a free killing zone—kill and steal, take as much as you want.

He even fed a few to Bob and the greyish soul wraith, while killing one Grieve after another. It was still taking dozens of minutes to kill just a single Grieve, and even though the result was already obvious, it was going to take quite a lot of time.

The Dark Knight started fighting against the Pope, soon bringing him to his knees.

***

Despite her effort to be as fast as possible, Fiona had been inside the inheritance for more than three days already. Even with Ghoul’s constant help, there was just no end to this inheritance.

All sorts of creatures kept popping in front of them, and if Ghoul wasn’t with her, Fiona doubted she could have reached even a quarter of the distance she had covered in three days.

"Huff... W-What’s happening outside? Is Darling safe?" Fiona asked. She was feeling a stabbing pain in her heart, thinking how her man would be facing all those Grieves.

If she could get out of the inheritance, then he wouldn’t need to stay there any longer and they could just flee together. But she had become a hindrance for him; she knew Vritra wouldn’t let anyone enter through that door as long as he was standing.

And this would be his greatest disadvantage, on top of the fact that all the Grieves were a lot stronger than him.

"This damned inheritance, why isn’t it ending?" Fiona was anxious and afraid the more time she spent in this place. Turning back now wasn’t an option as well, but the ending just won’t appear.

"Ghoul, what is happening outside?" she asked with agitation in her heart. Her fists were clenched, and she was nervously chewing on her lip to the point of hurting herself.

"..." Ghoul remained silent for a while, and then he shook his head, replying: "I don’t know, but master is still alive."

"Those darned Grieves, so they had been searching for this inheritance all this time... sigh, it would have been better if I didn’t enter, then Darling wouldn’t have needed to fight against them all." Fiona continued to hurry.

Fighting various sorts of creatures along with Ghoul, and finally she saw a door. It looked a lot more majestic than the one outside, a large phoenix was present on top of it.

"Haa, I hope this is the final door, I can’t waste any more time in here." Fiona said and rushed into the large door. There was some sort of barrier at the entrance, and now even Ghoul, who had weakened slightly after fighting for three days, wasn’t able to pass through it.

"Go ahead, I will wait here." Ghoul said as he stopped right outside the door. Fiona looked back and nodded before disappearing into the flames.

Just as she had expected, this was actually the final room of the Phoenix inheritance. After passing through all the hurdles, she was finally qualified to receive the inheritance.

Fiona looked around at the large and grand hall. It was as if it was pulled right out of a great castle made of material more precious than gold and diamonds.

Fiona looked around and soon her gaze landed on a large throne. Her body moved on its own as she approached the seat and sat on it.

In the very next moment, red aura flooded out of the throne and swallowed her body, as the process of receiving the inheritance started.

A red feather swayed in the air as it fell down from somewhere and landed exactly on top of Fiona’s head.

Without Ghoul’s help, this whole process would have been so difficult and would have taken several times more time.

...

After several hours had passed, the process of receiving the inheritance was finally complete. Fiona’s hair looked even more vibrant, her cheeks rosy and her skin tender and milky.

There wasn’t a drastic change in her appearance, but she looked more beautiful than before.

Even her stats had increased by quite a lot. This was indeed a great inheritance left here by the first Phoenix.

Not only had Fiona obtained the bloodline and physique of the Phoenix Queen, but she had also obtained a great ability, an ability that could allow her to fight opponents much stronger than her.

It was with the help of the first Phoenix Queen’s energy that was stored in her body. It was a little similar to the Demon Lord’s core stored in Vritra’s body, but its energy was less in quantity, and it wouldn’t hurt her.

"Haa... It has been almost four days inside this inheritance, I have to go out." The sinking feeling in Fiona’s heart was palpable. She was feeling afraid that Vritra might have gotten hurt because of her—or worse...

Throwing all those thoughts aside, she rushed out of the majestic door and saw Ghoul waiting there.

Even though Fiona was perfectly fine, her face looked a little pale and she was feeling cold. Her body was shivering slightly at the anticipation of the condition outside.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...