Chapter 764 Sin Farmer

'W- What should I do?' Zira looked between Onest and Raldy.

To be honest, she had already wondered a couple of times by now whether she should just give in to Raldy's offer.

But she was still afraid of him and although Onest was not as capable, life with him would still be very great.

Though her greed made her want to leave Onest.

Raldy was too strong after all and too rich.

"I am not going to hand her over, even if you kill me, bastard!!" Onest screamed, making Zira wonder if he really loved her so much.

"Sigh some people just don't learn, then let me break your limbs and tear you apart, only then will you understand your place." Shitless was speaking everything that would make the public hate him the most.

All of them were looking at him as if he was their sworn enemy.

Finally it is time!!

"Stop right there!" just then a thunderous voice sounded that made even the dragons in the air tremble.

All the people were shocked and wondered who was going to make the guest entry now, this scene was becoming too bizarre.

The crowd there was already so big, over ten thousand people had gathered.

"How dare you humiliate my father like that!!" just then, Art Yate made his entry.

He appeared in the sky, body burning with a red flame, his presence so heavy that Raldy's knees bent slightly.

"I- Is that young master Art? He is back!!" one man exclaimed.

"Duh are you slow or something? Haven't you already heard that he had returned just recently?" another person added.

"Perfect, Young Lord Art's strength is even higher than Lord Gunter, even the Ford family was not able to do anything to him, with him here that pig won't be able to do anything."

Instantly a wave of happiness spread as they all began to cheer for Art Yate.

He was like a saviour, their beacon of light in complete darkness.

They felt so happy as if a kid who had finally gotten the most expensive toy and could now show off.

"Young Lord Art, beat that bastard up, kill him!! He is a bad person, he dared to humiliate Lord Gunter and wanted to steal someone's wife!"

"Kill that bastard, he is a pig!"

Everyone seemed to have gained a backbone and they all began to scream.

THUD

Vritra landed in front of Raldy, he raised his right hand as everyone quieted down, then his loud voice rang out.

"Don't worry, with me here now, he won't be able to do anything."

Vritra was looking at Shitless but all his focus was on the wave of sin points that were raining down.

It had been so long since he had seen so many pleasant messages flashing before him, it was just wonderful.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +11,345}

{Sin Point Gained: Overjoyed +11,345}

{Sin Point Gained: Urged +11,232}

...

"Yes lord, kill him!!" Onest also shouted, he seemed the happiest.

Then he looked back at Zira and spoke with a smile: "Don't worry, now no one would be able to take you away from me."

"Even if we live a short life, a life of normalcy and poverty, but we will forever be together, even if we don't have much food to eat. We will be together, your son can earn for us, I knew you would choose me over that rich, powerful arrogant bastard!"

Onest seemed so happy, but hearing those words, Zira wasn't so sure anymore.

A frown appeared on her face as she stared at Raldy.

Wondering if she should really give in and marry him, but she still couldn't bring herself to agree.

"Hahaha You are going to defeat me? Kill me? With just you? Tsk tsk just a single one of my dragons will be enough to kill you!!"

'Hmm this is not enough, we need to blow this into something far bigger.' Vritra thought, but this was the Yates realm and there was a limit here.

So, they would have to shift it to the outside, where there would be hundreds of thousands of people.

But he also didn't want to lose all those who had gathered.

Then he decided to bring them all along to the outside, with his current strength it wouldn't be taxing to teleport them all.

But they needed to hate Shitless more, abhor him, hate him so much that they would be ready to sacrifice themselves to kill him.

And Vritra shared his thoughts with Raldy, the evil smirk on his face widened, what could he love more than spreading evil?

Isn't this exactly what he was born for?

"Hahahahaha you bastards, right in front of you all, no, in front of the world, I am going to kill this young master bastard then I will fuck all your wives, chop off your dicks and gift you green hats!!!"

Shitless screamed, bringing another wave of sin points for Vritra.

The more turbulent the emotions of the crowd were, the more sin points it brought for him.

Vritra had long noticed this, so for such an evil person he was going to be the most righteous.

'Huh? What are they even doing? W- Wasn't this whole play to save me from Zira?' Onest thought, he just stood there, wondering how this was going to solve things.

He looked at his soon to be ex wife's face and saw a very faint hint of doubt and greed.

'It's working!! Whatever they are doing, it is fucking working!!' Onest was overjoyed, as long as she left him on her own, then she would finally get her punishment.

And those bastard sons of hers who had made his life a literal hell, those demons.

"Yes young master Art, you are the only one who can kill this demon, this evil doer who wants to kill everything, he who cursed the gods and the ancestors of the people here. Kill him for us all, everyone, we stand with Young Lord Art!!" Onest screamed.

The crowd was a bit stunned at first, wondering when did this Raldy guy say all that? Wasn't he exaggerating this a bit too much?

But then they were still angry at Raldy, so they burst out with screams and cheers.

"See, everyone here wants you dead and for justice, for these lovely people who are my family, I am going to kill you!" Vritra shouted in a voice loud enough that everyone got to hear it.

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +11,634}

{Sin Point Gained: Adored +11,634}

{Sin Point Gained: Loved +11,634}

...

Every single person in the crowd praised Art, it was like he had become their messiah.

"Good good, I will let them all watch as I kill you and then chop the hands off them all, then throw them into prison!" Raldy shouted then he added:

"But this stage is too small for me, we will move outside and let the whole world witness what I do with you!!"

SNAP

Raldy raised his hand and snapped, as all the people who were present there disappeared.

They all were teleported outside and appeared inside the Quartz continent, the largest continent.

The people there were all shocked since they had all appeared up in the sky, even the people who could not fly were floating at this moment.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios