Chapter 608 Fishing

Somewhere far far away,

A person sat in a completely white space with absolutely nothing around, a cloth made of light wrapped around his body.

Even with the physique of a human, he didn't look like one.

His skin glowed with a holy feeling and he emanated a powerful pressure.

In front of him, on the other side of a table, sat a woman. Though both the woman and the table were mere images, they weren't actually present here.

The man stared up into the sky, seemingly in a daze.

After a moment, a smile appeared over his face, he couldn't help but chuckle. "You were right." he spoke as his gaze returned to the blonde-haired woman, whose body was too blurry.

"..." she didn't say anything but continued to stare absentmindedly into the sky.

"Just nine years were enough for you to understand him this well? Anyway, now that you have won another bet, I will fulfil the promise." He spoke.

"How can I not when he is mine. Anyway, hurry it up, I can't wait any longer." The woman's emotionless gaze finally returned to the man, as she stated in a hurrying voice.

"Haha you have already waited for several hundred years, what could a few more years mean. Anyway, are you really sure? This could bring trouble even for you." He asked, a small smile on his face.

"Yes, when have I ever cared about danger when it came to him." She spoke, her gaze drifting back to the sky.

A look of longing and obsession flashed in her eyes momentarily before she became emotionless once again.

"That's... true, whether it be that powerful skill Mutamorphis or all other skills, you have truly showered him with opportunities, like a true sugar mommy." He laughed.

"Divine, this will be the last thing this avatar of yours will be doing. Don't you want to-" she spoke but Divine interrupted.

"It is fine, I am always around my sisters, how could I ever let them die again? Even I can't control their fates but I have already done enough." He said as his gaze returned to the sight of Vritra.

He was relieved and happy, he could completely entrust the safety of his sisters to such a man.

"Alright then, I will be taking my leave. This will be a big and dangerous journey for them, make sure they are well prepared. The woman said and her body began to disappear.

"Of course, I wouldn't want my brother-in-law to go unprepared in such a dangerous place." Divine muttered.

Soon he was left alone, now that he had seen enough, it was finally time to participate.

***

Back on the Zoratian planet, Vritra was bombarded with questions from his wives.

They were clearly not happy, they all cared for Teresa but even more for Vritra. Yasmine was even more upset upon hearing that he could not even become a father now.

She was trying so hard to have his baby, it was for her own sister but still how could she accept something like this.

"Hubby, you have to immediately find a solution to this, I don't care about the condition of the world, let it burn, let it get destroyed, but I can't accept this." Yasmine spoke firmly.

"Honey, you shouldn't have made such a big decision just like that without even considering the consequences." Vanessa said.

"Tsk it's all because of her, I am going to-" Fiona had only started to accept

Teresa as family but now her dislike increased greatly.

"Stop it is not her fault, it was my decision completely." Vritra stopped Fiona, his head aching as all his wives surrounded him.

Even Maeve and Yennefer's voices were ringing in his head.

He didn't know how to calm all of them, now that he had used up his one chance to steal fate, he can't even do it again.

Vritra truly didn't know what to do but just then a different voice sounded in his mind.

"Hey there, how has life been?"

It was none other than Divine himself.

Vritra was a bit surprised but he quickly told them that he needed to talk with Divine and disappeared from between them.

Appearing far away in the sky, he finally felt a bit better.

"You bastard, where have you been all this time? I have been calling you for so long, you insect ass." Vritra cursed, all his frustrations coming out now. "Ah sorry, I was unable to reply, you see I was really low on energy. Anyway, it seems things are problematic, did you use that fishing rod you got before?" Divine asked suddenly.

"No, I haven't. But before that, you have to hel-" Vritra was speaking but Divine interrupted him.

"Huh, why didn't you? Go ahead and try it, only then will we talk. Don't waste any time, I don't have much energy." Divine said, making Vritra even more

angry.

But for now he could only follow his instructions.

He quickly took out the fishing rod and asked impatiently and in an annoyed tone: "What now? What can it even do?"

"Just do what one would do with a fishing rod, try to catch the fish." Divine said and hurriedly added: "But there needs to be water for it to hunt, hmm why don't you try fishing in that stream of water in the Null ability?"

"Null?" Vritra paused and thought about it, indeed when he activated Null he

did see an endless stream of water flowing.

[Null Activated.]

Without asking any further questions, he directly activated the skill and

instantly found himself in the dark familiar space.

On one side was the flowing river while a couple of other things were present

as well.

Ignoring other things, he just focused on the river, moving closer, he positioned

himself.

Initially, it was impossible for him to stay there but now that he is a demi god and his comprehension of Null has increased to 100%.

He felt no pressure or pain.

With little knowledge of fishing, he copied the movement he had seen before

and threw the hook forward.

The hook instantly fell into the endless stream, which obviously wasn't made of

water.

He waited for a moment and instantly felt a powerful tug, without hesitation,

Vritra pulled it with all his strength.

WHOOSH

Instantly a figure was pulled along the thread, landing swiftly beside him.

But as Vritra saw it, his eyes widened in shock.

As before him, the person standing was none other than himself.

"What... is the meaning of this?" Vritra stared in bafflement, this person was

certainly himself.

But he just stood there silently without seeming to possess any life.

Before Divine's reply, Vritra felt a strange sensation.

His body, organs, bones, each of his cells began to vibrate suddenly, so did the other person.

Their figures were pulled together and suddenly merged, becoming one. After a moment, Vritra's body stabilized, all the freckle-like patterns were gone.

The blindness was gone, the threads of fate he had just stolen were gone, even the energy he had used to keep this skill activated was back. Vritra was shocked and at a loss for words, it was like he had just been created

anew.

Even the clothes on his body appeared new, the change was just too big.

Vritra looked down at the ordinary-looking fishing rod and then at himself. This treasure might be way better than he had expected, it could not only alter

his disease and physical form but even fate itself.

"Divine, just what is this thing?"