Chapter 114: Part of the massage~ [R-18]

Then Vanessa leaned forward and pressed her boobs against his chest before circling her arms around his body and hugging him tight, such that their bodies were squeezed tight, her hard pink nipples digging into his skin.

"Mmmm~" Once again, Vanessa began to move.

Rubbing her boobs and belly against his while also moving her waist in back and forth and in circular motion, grinding her hips against his hard penis.

Soon her wet pussy was sliding up and down along his length, before long Vanessa could feel her soft petals biting the shaft and licking all over it, from the base to nearly the tip.

"Hmmm~ Mmmm~" she tried to suppress her moans, after all this was just a massage, but it was proving to be very difficult.

Her shiny black hair cascaded down the side of her face.

Their face was just in front of each other, as she moved back and forth her cheek rubbed against Vritra’s. Her plump body felt incredibly soft, he felt as his body was about to melt into hers, the heat quickly rose between the two.

His penis was squished between her soft ass cheeks; it was already drenched in her hot nectar.

"Hmmm Mom, its so comfortable..." Vritra said, moving his hands over her smooth and warm back, his palms sliding over her wet creamy back.

"..." Vanessa couldn’t speak anything, if she even opened her lips then she was afraid of letting out shameful moans.

Their eyes met and both gazed at each other with passion and love then without giving her much time to react, Vritra moved his face closer to her and took her juicy red lips.

Her body tensed up for a moment before she leaned down, as he began to sensually suck and nibble on her plump pink lips.

Vanessa instantly got engrossed in the euphoric feeling and forgot all her shame and embarrassment, she loved the friction between their bodies and how their private parts were rubbing against each other.

Taking the initiative, she wrapped her arms around his neck and began devouring his lips hungrily, pulling them into her mouth and biting them.

Letting out deep moans into his mouth, she had waited for him for what felt like an eternity, even her dreams were filled with Vritra.

All her hesitation had disappeared, as only hunger remained in her mind.

She aggressively bit his lips and nibbled on them, as if trying to suck out some delicious juice out of his lips, it was the second time that she has been so intimate with her son making her movements a bit naive, so she acted completely based on her instinct which made her actions even more wild.

One of her hands rubbed his back while her other hand moved behind the back of his head as her fingers sank into his wet hair.

Doing it in such a situation with their bodies wet made it even more erotic, Vanessa hungrily opened his mouth by pushing her tongue inside and began to lick his mouth and then she brought his tongue into her own mouth, and started sucking it, as she gulped down his saliva.

"Mmmmmph~ *GULP* ummmmmph~ *SLURP* ooommm~"

Drinking his saliva made her feel as if she had just drunk the most delicious thing, making her lust ignite to the highest level, she pressed her lips against his even more tightly, pushing her tongue deeper into his mouth, as she sucked more and more of his saliva.

Vritra allowed Vanessa to act as she wanted, he enjoyed her rough and clumsy movements, he moved one of his hands and dragged it over her wet skin while sinking his fingers into her soft flesh, as his palm slowly reached her ass.

"Hmmmmm~ *GULP* mmmm~"

He lightly squeezed her squishy ass, making her moan into his mouth louder, but Vanessa was too busy Devouring his mouth and grinding her vagina against his cock, that she barely paid any attention to where his hands moved, though his hands made her feel even better, her Nether region was tingling hard and her petals twitched, as she squeezed his dick tightly between her cheeks.

Feeling her vagina against his cock, Vritra’s excitement rose.

While squeezing her juicy white ass, he moved his other hand to the side of her boobs, since her skin was wet touching her soft boob felt even better.

As soon as he squeezed her right breast, Vritra felt his fingers sinking into her soft flesh, it felt too good to knead, he felt that he could do this forever.

While her erect nipples kept poking and rubbing against his skin, he squeezed her breasts hard, making her moan loudly into his mouth in pain and pleasure.

"Uuuummmppphh~ hmmmmmmm~ *SLURP*"

Vanessa continued to kiss him, as she chewed on his tongue like it was some kind of tasty candy.

After kissing for more than a dozen minutes, Vritra finally broke the kiss as he pulled his face away.

But Vanessa didn’t seem to think that it was enough she moved her hand behind his head and pushed his head forward, again taking his lips into her mouth.

Vritra couldn’t help but let her do as she please; Vanessa started to move her waist with more vigour, clenching his cock with her soft ass cheeks, letting her vagina have a taste of him.

Just while moving like that up and down, all of the sudden the tip landed on the entrance as she moved down the penis slid deep into her pussy, going all the way and penetrating her womb.

"Aaaaaaanggg~ I- It entered!! Hnnnn~ You are huff Mmmm~ inside me again haaaah~" Vanessa’s eyes widened at the sudden intrusion, it was too abrupt as she had suddenly felt his large member pushing away her fleshy pussy walls and enlarging her vagina.

Their kiss broke as she hugged him tightly, and stopped moving her body. The sudden thrust was too hard, even more so since she wasn’t expecting anything like that, the tip had directly hit the inside of her womb.

"Mom, haa are you fine?" Vritra asked, rubbing her smooth back.

"Y- yeah Mmmm~ J- Just... I just need a Hnnnn~ minute honey huff..." Vanessa spoke with difficulty while feeling his enormous member filling up her body, there was a bulge on her belly making the crest rise slightly.

"N- Now, I am going to massage you ahhh~ down t- there." Vanessa spoke after a few seconds, she bit her lips and raised her body, sitting straight over his cock.

"T- This hnnngg~ is a part of the m- massage as well mmm~ so just relax "

"Okay." Vritra nodded, the two gazed into each other’s eyes; that was full of lust and love.

Vritra wasn’t paying attention to the messages but they kept popping quite often, everything about what they were doing was sinful after all.

Placing her palms over his chest, Vanessa began to grind her ass over his penis; twisting her waist and rotating it, as his cock poked and rubbed in her body.

Then taking a deep breath, Vanessa raised her body slightly as his cock was pulled out of her tight vagina, her folds were sticking so tightly to it that it felt hard to separate.

____________

Thanks for reading...