Chapter 701 The Evolutions

[You have eliminated a player!]

[You have obtained the Beast Surge Ascension path!]

[You have obtained the ability Domain!]

[Merging the Beast Surge Ascension path with your body!]

Several messages flashed before Vritra right as he was about to start the battle.

He felt the change in his body, as information appeared in his mind and the ascension path started to merge automatically with him.

'Looks like this doesn't need any additional time.' Vritra thought, letting the change happen.

"What's wrong, honey?" Vanessa and the others paused too, looking back at him.

"I just got the rewards of killing that pig, let me try how it will work." He answered.

"Alright, the stage is all yours, hubby." Yasmine said, smiling.

After waiting for a few minutes, the merging process finally ended and Vritra now had three ascension paths.

He decided to try the Domain and the Beast Surge ascension path, wondering what exactly would happen.

[Domain Activated!]

As soon as the ability activated, a big domain made of blood appeared around them, it was eerie and gave a deadly feeling.

Vritra activated blood manipulation and just sent a blood blade flying forward, using a little bit of energy.

Yet, the domain amplified the attack, turning it at least thrice as powerful as it sliced into the body of a beast.

So it strengthened his abilities and physical attributes.

"And I think Beast Surge is somehow related to Morgan's ability to turn others into his puppets."

Vritra gave it a try, as blood threads spread around rapidly, connecting straight with the heads of the beasts.

The Beast Surge seemed to resonate perfectly with the domain and his blood manipulation.

And in less than ten seconds, Vritra was able to control the minds of a hundred beasts.

"Not bad, this will come in handy." He mumbled, impressed by the skills.

And even with such skills, Morgan was still so weak? Well, probably because he was avoiding entering the dangerous areas and was locked in a rather safer city.

In any case, Vritra would have to increase his strength as much as possible so they could go straight to the tower, directly killing the ten players and win this game.

And while they were here in the beast cave, they were safe from the protector of the world bank and the administrators of this game.

So it was a win win.

Finally, Vritra took out the red pill that Evelyn had handed him, he hesitated for a few moments.

'Divine, it is fine right?' he asked.

"Yes, you should know by now, she won't ever hurt you. It is partly because of her that you had survived until now." He replied, lying on a comfortable bed and enjoying his rest.

'Alright.' Vritra nodded and ate the pill right away, swallowing it down.

As soon as he did, his eyes began to emit a dim red light and immense energy started to burn into his veins and muscles.

It was like he was brimming with stamina and energy.

"Let's start!" Vritra gave a shout, as he rushed forward.

Dual blades appeared in his hands and madness appeared in his mind, only one thought to kill remained.

KSSHH

With a swing of his right hand, Vritra vertically tore a beast in half before punching the belly of another, blasting it to pieces.

His body moved like a blur, rushing in all directions so quickly that none of them could even follow him.

The beasts, even while continuously growing, were completely helpless against this monstrous human.

Waves of blood spikes rose in all directions, pinning the beasts into the ceiling, as he continued his slaughter.

The other nine were completely baffled by the scene, what were they even supposed to do here?

He was really like a killing machine, moving at full speed continuously without getting tired at all.

"Uh… Let's just select a different corner and start." Maeve mumbled, she merged with the shadows and disappeared.

The others followed as they moved further away from Vritra and started to fight the beasts.

Thankfully, there was no shortage of these creatures, no matter how many they killed more kept spawning.

All the women also started to slaughter them, their strength increasing rapidly.

Onest was running around while slashing their feet, his body was on constant auto dodge.

While Shitless turned into a metal man and just smashed into all the beasts.

And so the one sided slaughter began.

Thanks to the shields given by Evelyn, not a single attack was able to hurt any of them.

So, Vritra and the others were able to surpass the speed of growth of the beasts.

He kept using the sin points to get more attribute points and allocated the free attributes to balance them all out.

Unlike Vritra, the others took short rests, entering the circle which had no side effects.

While he continued with the endless slaughtering, it was much like the scene from back then.

Just more aggressive.

Thanks to Evelyn's help, their strength would grow faster and they would be able to clear this cave earlier than expected.

The beasts kept spawning hour after hour, thousands and hundreds of thousands of them.

It really seemed as if there was no end to them.

As Vritra's stats all reached 1000, he had reached the point of breakthrough.

And to evolve, he needed to evolve all three ascension paths, which was rather easy with the sin system.

After collecting enough sin points, he just used them to upgrade his ascension paths.

And entered the second round of evolution, and then killing the beasts became even easier though the beasts also reached that point soon.

Vritra was now controlling exactly 300 beasts to fight against their own kind, even the Domain, blood manipulation and Evomorph skill had gotten stronger.

His arms turned into big deadly blades, his body adjusting to give him the maximum speed as he flashed and beheaded beasts quickly.

Days passed, and the others too reached that point, Vritra spent more sin points and helped them all upgrade their ascension paths.

And soon they too had entered the second phase of evolution, going past 1000 attribute points, of course theirs weren't as full as Vritra's.

Still, compared to everyone else, they were still better with high stats in all attributes.

Even spiritual attribute was not a weakness among them.

While Vritra was continuing to slaughter, the women ate quickly and after a rest, they joined again.

Vritra allowed Yasmine to fight for some time but she was resting more often than the others.

She accepted it, despite everything it wouldn't be good if something happened to their baby.

Days blended into weeks and soon over two weeks had passed, with nothing but mindless slaughtering.

The cave was covered in the stench of blood and death, corpses lying all over the place.

Vritra used blood manipulation to throw them away, so they didn't block his path.

Even after fighting continuously for weeks, he didn't feel tired or hungry, that pill was really a great treasure.

By the sixteenth day, all the eggs on the walls and ceiling had been broken and not a single beast was left alive.

Vritra and the others had finally cleared up the beast cave, killing so many of the dangerous creatures.

By the end, those things had become so much more dangerous.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... 