Chapter 711 The Prisoners

Vritra had killed Magna after believing that he was the one who sent the assassins.

In fact, these assassins were sent by someone called Asmodeus, as told by the young assassin.

"Hurry up and speak!" Shitless shouted while holding his belt threateningly.

"Y- Yes, our lord Asmodeus ordered them to kill you all because of a divination.

There is someone beside him who told us that you are going to be the reason for his death so…" the young assassin answered.

Vritra clicked his tongue, previously he had the sin system which informed him when someone lied, but now he could only depend on his instincts.

But now that Magna was already dead, there wasn't any point in regretting.

Now that he possessed the Bubble ability, the city would at least be safe for a long time.

As for Asmodeus, they would come face to face sooner or later.

"Where is this lord of yours?" Vritra asked after thinking about several things.

"I- I don't know, really! We were in the next city when our lord made us stay in the Renko city to wait for you." The young man spoke quickly.

"And do you have any way to prove that you all are from the same group?" he asked further.

The assassin looked around at the pieces of the corpses then walked closer to one, he picked up a torn hand and showed a tattoo.

And then displayed the same tattoo over his own arm.

"…" Vritra wasn't really sure, he felt that something was just wrong with the whole situation.

"And what is your ability?" he asked, frowning.

"I uhm I can run really fast." The assassin replied.

"Prove it, go run." Vritra said as a blood rope wrapped around the young guy's feet.

Right as Vritra said, the assassin stood up and ran at full speed, his speed was indeed quite fast.

Just to be sure, Vritra looked at his status panel.

"Onest, for now, just break his arms. We will drag him along, and once we have found Asmodeus, we can let him go." Vritra said.

"That's lord Asmodeus for you- wait and please SOB don't break my arms, I am begging." He shouted.

CRACK CRACK

But without wasting any time, Onest broke both his hands as the guy screamed and cried, then was thrown away after getting tied up.

"The city will be chaotic now that their lord has been killed." Vritra mumbled, a few people had seen him earlier so they might soon come to attack him.

With Vritra's strength, none of them could do anything, the people here were too weak after all.

He sighed at all this mess up, but what was done was done, he would soon be leaving this place anyway.

"Let's sleep a little longer, after eating we will leave this city." Vritra spoke as he headed towards his room.

After entering his room, he just created a blood barrier around the whole building to keep the attackers away for a while.

Then he climbed onto the bed and was embraced by his wives.

…

While Vritra and the others slept peacefully, a big wave of humans appeared outside and began to attack the blood barrier.

They slept for hours and finally Vritra woke up, he freshened up and decided to go out and check things.

He could sense thousands of people roaring outside, they sure were angry and very afraid.

"Deal with them hubby, we will eat food together once you are done." Yasmine said, giving a peck on his lips.

"Hmm It will take a few minutes." He said with a smile which disappeared as he stepped out of the room.

"Pitiful one, should I take care of them?" Shitless asked while cracking his knuckles.

"Nah, it's fine." Vritra flew out of the barrier, looking down at the faces of all the angry people.

They were roaring madly, and paused for a moment when they saw him coming out.

"Why did you kill our lord?! You are evil, he was so good to us all!!"

"We are going to kill you! Even when you attacked him, he forgave you and you assassinated him?"

"He was a kind soul, he cared for us all like we were his children. You killed our god!"

They were madly shouting.

"…" Vritra rolled his eyes, all humans are greedy by nature, they move by profit.

Even in a relation as pure as a parent and child, there is greed.

Greed from child to its parents and parents to the child for a better future.

Vritra didn't care about their words, he suddenly raised his hand, as everyone quieted down.

"I have the same ability as that god of yours, so even if he is dead, the bubble around it will still work just fine. And if I hear one more person shout, I will just leave this place."

As he spoke, his aura swept over the crowd, making them all shiver in fear.

Most of them were too weak, that aura alone gave them a reality check.

Then a bubble appeared over Vritra's hand, exactly the same as Magna's.

All the people looked at him wide eyed then they knelt suddenly, praying to Vritra in loud voices.

"Forgive us, god! We meant no disrespect."

"You are our true god, that bastard Magna was just a pretender, it was good you killed him. He had a loose character and looser pants."

"Thank you for protecting us from that bastard, everything here is yours. Please continue to protect us."

The people changed faster than the speed of light, now they were worshipping Vritra and begging him to stay there forever.

Vritra shook his head, he didn't care about any of this, but at least he would leave the bubble behind so they would be safe for some time.

A large amount of energy channelled into his arm as the bubble continued to grow bigger and bigger, it was way better than the other bubble.

Soon it had grown to the size of the entire city and just absorbed the other bubble.

Then he glanced towards Magna's palace and made a rip sign.

After doing so Vritra turned and returned to the room, while the people continued to chant his praises.

Hoping their earlier words didn't offend him.

"You are done already? Let's eat then." Teresa spoke with a smile, her beautiful face was not currently covered.

She looked absolutely gorgeous.

But looking at her brought a memory of Evelyn to his mind, as she was equally beautiful and had quite the opposite personality.

A lot of dishes were served over the table as Vritra and the others sat and chatted while eating.

Their plan was to move to the next city after eating, he had already killed three players, seven more left.

BOOOOM

Just then, a loud explosive sound rang out, shaking the bubble surrounding the Renko city.

Vritra frowned, while Shitless spat out the hot soup onto Onest's face, the other guy screaming in agony.

BANG BANG

Then loud noises started to ring out from the outside, and Vritra could sense that the bubble he had just created might actually break soon.

'Oh I didn't think there was anyone strong enough here.' He thought.

After all either the enemies were those players or mutants who were too weak or those protectors and administrators who were too strong.

Finally it seemed there was a change.

Previously an administrator had been killed, things had already become quite chaotic, strange changes were happening in the game.

Leaving the food there, he flew outside the building and saw that most of the people were still there, praying and begging.

Ignoring them, he flew closer to the bubble and saw a big group of people.

The one who was striking on the bubble was a creature whose body was white, a twisted round face, and arms like hammers.

BANG BANG

Over fifty people were there, none of them were from the human race, neither did they look like normal humans.

"New entries into the game? What is going on?"

"They are probably called here by the administrator, it's like they are antivirus who would sweep through the entire region and kill anything they find strange." Divine spoke.

Even if the administrators are very strong, there is only so much they could do while holding back their strength.

While these guys are different, aside from hurting the players or wiping out the humans completely, they are free to do as they please.

"I am the virus? Sigh anyway, who exactly are they? They look pretty tough." While speaking Vritra scanned the group.

And each of them had stats exactly 10,000, the same as him, it surprised Vritra greatly.

"These people are all criminals from the world prison, they get to fight and kill openly for some time in return for doing work for the gods, what more would they want." Divine answered.

Thin cracks started to spread across the bubble, if it broke then water would flood inside along with the mutants.

Vritra glanced at the people, although he didn't like them all that much, but if possible he could save them.

Of course without going out of his way, if things get worse, they will have to fend for themselves.

"Criminals, since our stats are the same, locked at ten thousand. It would mainly depend on our abilities and experience, but they have fifty." Vritra frowned.

While on this side, they were just ten.

Fiona, Yasmine, Vanessa, Diana, Maeve, Teresa, Yennefer, Shitless and Onest also rose behind him, flying.

It is only after the ninth evolution that they were able to fly.

And this fight was going to be very dangerous.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...