Chapter 755 The Perverted Mole

"Master, Onest is currently dining with a lady."

Was the message that Vritra received from Knight. Vritra looked through his Soul Wraith's eyes and saw the scene himself.

Onest was sitting in a rather luxurious hotel, in front of him sat a mature woman looking older than him.

She looked beautiful and the milf type, at least his taste was not bad.

But Onest had a stupid expression on his face as he fed her food, looking completely lovestruck.

He was smiling like an idiot and didn't even notice anything around him.

Just to make sure, Vritra checked everything several times and knew for sure that this was a normal woman.

And there was no trap, so he left Onest alone to enjoy his life.

"Looks like Onest won't be coming back for a while." Vritra announced then, using Misty Essence Mythic Halo, he showed them exactly what he had seen.

"Oh, I never thought Onest would be a submissive type, he looks completely in love." Vanessa spoke, a bit surprised.

"Darling, did you make sure it wasn't any trap?" Fiona asked.

Vritra chuckled, speaking: "You think if a woman approaches Onest then it could only be a trap?"

"Uh T- That's not what I meant, I was just thinking it could be that Zihong." She muttered, her lips stretching into a thin line.

"Yeah, it is fine, that is a normal woman. As for the rest, Onest will have to take care of it himself." Vritra said then added:

"Since he isn't returning now, we will go first and absorb the cores, we can't delay it. He can start later once he has played love love."

The others nodded, anyway with Null skill it won't take too long as Vritra can quicken the time.

"I just wish to have some peaceful time for a while, let's hope no other problem arrives now." Yennefer muttered, as Vritra slapped his forehead.

Why did she have to say it?

Not adding to the jinx anymore, they headed towards the House of Darkness after chatting a bit longer.

Vritra informed some guards who would inform Gunter and Ava that they will be staying in the House of Darkness for a while.

"Goodbye, my friend. I will be back really soon." Shitless patted Bullo's head, looking sad.

Bullo also looked sad and rubbed its head against him.

Then he glanced on top of Vritra's head and real tears began to fall from his eyes, such bad luck, how can anyone be so pitiful.

Vritra ignored Shitless's gaze of pity and led them all into the house.

Instead of going into separate rooms, they all were seated in a big hall, which would be more efficient while using Null.

Everyone took out the two cores and sat cross-legged.

The atmosphere slowly turned serious.

"Are you all ready?" Vritra asked, looking at the other eight people in the hall.

"Yes." They all nodded, Knight was still away and it seemed Onest really was not going to return any time soon.

So…

[Null Activated!]

Instantly a big difference was created between the time of the hall and outside.

A day outside would be equivalent to several days inside, so the process will end quickly.

The air inside the hall trembled faintly as the skill took effect.

And so began the process of evolving to the level 3 of Demi Gods.

***

Far away in the universe, in a very very big hall that spanned over nearly a thousand kilometres.

Several people sat around a big round table, each from different race, all of them invited here by the host for a special reason.

The air was chilly here and for some reason the surroundings which should have been completely white were replaced by a strange canvas of animals doing copulation.

Of course these animals weren't the same ones from Earth, they were far too weird.

Some had six legs, some had wings, and some looked impossible to understand.

All of them frowned, it was some sort of technical glitch it seemed and now it won't go away.

"COUGH Anyway, we should focus on the important meeting, our time is very precious after all." The host spoke.

It was none other than Drino the level 3 Demi God, everyone here was a Demi God, all of them from level 1 to level 3.

Some were the ones that Drino knew personally but few were recommended by the administrators who worked under the gods.

"Yes, what could be a better use of our time than watching these beasts in heat." A female Demi God said as she stood up and left.

If even such an arrangement was not being handled properly then there was no point in discussing further.

Another Demi God, a male one or rather his gender couldn't be discerned, cleared his throat.

"I am Mole, a level 3 Demi God." Mole introduced himself proudly.

He gazed around at all the Demi Gods, there were around thirty or so Demi Gods but none of them were to his taste, maybe except the host itself.

Mole looked like a tree, his body seemed to be made of wood, he had two hands and several legs, and leaves of various colours as hair.

"I have two questions!" he announced in a loud voice, as everyone quieted down and did their best to ignore the surrounding scenery.

"Sure sure go ahead, oh right first let me introduce myself!" Drino said, it was the rule, whoever speaks first needs to give a basic introduction.

And he was quite happy that people were showing such enthusiasm towards this meeting, he needed their absolute support to kill Vritra.

That guy has support of the Divine, so it won't be easy even if his strength is pitifully weak right now.

The administrator even said that there would be one or two level 4 Demi Gods who would come to join him as a mission given directly by the gods.

But it seemed they were running late.

And Drino couldn't waste the time of others so he got started first.

"I am Drino, a level 3 Demi God and the host of this event. I will explain everything and clear all your doubts, but before we start let's hear the doubts of our dear friend, Mole." He spoke in a gentle manly manner.

His voice was rough and loud, he looked at what the distant walls were showing and it just kept getting worse.

"My first question is: If you don't mind, can I sit on the chair right next to you?"

Mole asked in all seriousness.

"Uh…" Drino and the others who were expecting a question related to this event were taken aback but he nodded, maybe this guy was too excited.

"Sure why not, we all have free will, there is no one above the other here. You are free to do as you wish, this is a mutual beneficial proposal after all."

Drino announced, even using this useless question to make himself look good in front of others.

His thick brain was of course not capable of this, so he was getting direct transmission from his smartest underling who was telling him what to do and what to say.

"Thank you!" Mole said as his tentacle-like feet moved strangely and he walked towards Drino, then he sat beside the lizard-like creature.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios