Chapter 93: Divine Tomb-4

Only the two top leaders were quite dangerous. It might get a bit difficult if he were to face them right now, since his overall combat wasn’t at a hundred percent— one of his trump cards was missing.

"You crazy bastar— cough, sir, please don’t do anything rash. We are all good people here, let’s talk things out," someone from the Golden Moon side shouted.

"Hah! That great sir definitely isn’t a good person. Don’t you know baddies are the best? Great sir, we are all bad people on this side. Let’s cooperate," a person from the Nine Pacts said, his voice trembling.

"I will start singing now, and if— aside from those two leaders— I see anyone standing still, then I will start pulling the levers," Vritra said. Behind this action, his reason was to earn sin points, break their morale and confidence a bit, and make himself seem less harmful so they would agree to his next demand.

"Even though I can’t see his face, but I have never hated anyone this much. I will remember your hidden ugly face and I will cut you into a thousand pieces the moment we leave—" it was the lion masked who was shouting. The eyes of most people had turned red because of anger.

"So the name of the song is Unholy Child. First, start shaking your bodies, otherwise..." Vritra threatened. Over half of them instantly began to dance, but others didn’t move.

"Sigh, looks like you guys aren’t taking me seriously." Vritra sighed, and in the next moment, one of the hands pulled the lever at an incredible speed before anyone could react.

"Nooooo!!" The two leaders charged forward to stop him, but it was too late. Their movements halted and they looked around vigilantly—there were no attacks, but all the men were instantly covered by a thick white barrier.

It seemed strong enough that even if they attacked it together, it wouldn’t break instantly.

"Now, everyone, get to it, or you won’t even know how you died," Vritra threatened.

"...Everyone, we have to listen to him for now. Do as he says even if you don’t want to," both leaders gave the instruction to their groups before they walked to the side. They felt relieved that Vritra didn’t include them.

"Hey everyone, just shake your ass and follow me." A certain bald monk shouted as he began to dance, making his hips bounce.

Everyone felt enraged, but soon they all began to dance, even the animal-masked and numbered leaders of both organizations.

For providing music, Vritra hit random things against one another as he cleared his throat and began to sing loudly, while everyone did their best to move according to the beat.

******

"Here we go!!"

CLAP CLAP CLAP

♪ Clap it for the man who pulled out late ♪

♪ Grind for the birth your mom should hate ♪

♪ Bend like you’re proud of the mess they made ♪

♪ You’re a group project with no A-grade ♪

SHAKE SHAKE SHAKE

♪ You got made in a fight and spilled on sheets ♪

♪ Daddy wore socks but forgot the briefs ♪

♪ Named after beer, fed lies and yeast ♪

♪ You’re the reason Plan B increased ♪

1

EVERYBODY, PUT YOUR HANDS UP

♪ Named by mistake, not love or plan ♪

♪ Your whole bloodline’s a one-night stand ♪

******

{Sin Point Gained: Hated +11,099}

{Sin Point Gained: Enraged +11,099}

{Sin Point Gained: Vowed Vengeance +11,099}

{Sin Point Gained: Burning Resentment +11,099}

{Sin Point Gained: Ridiculed +11,099}

...

Sin points came flooding by the time Vritra finished. All the people were feeling ashamed and embarrassed, they just wanted to bury themselves in a hole, they finally stopped twerking and shaking their asses.

He really loved this kind of leveling; the people were so mad right now, as if Vritra had become their sworn enemy after killing their entire families.

"Can you understand this language?" the dragon masked man asked. It didn’t seem Vritra had just pulled a random lever.

"Heh. What do you think?" Vritra didn’t agree or reject, leaving them to think about it.

"Are we done now? Now get away from there," Number One said.

"Haha. Do you think I am stupid? Won’t you all just kill me in the next instant? I need a guarantee," Vritra said as he threateningly pulled the lever just a tiny bit.

"Damn it, stop playing with those dangerous things and tell me what is it you want?" both leaders cursed and questioned.

"I want you two to provide a few drops of your blood," Vritra said after thinking for a moment.

"And what are you going to do with it?" they asked suspiciously.

"I know a demonic art that can make your body explode with just a few drops of your blood. Why, are you too scared to even do that?" Vritra said in a sarcastic tone, even making the first half of his sentence sound like a joke.

"..." Number One and Dragon Mask both looked at each other. They knew people could use blood to put curses and debuffs, but they weren’t scared of Vritra—they would still be able to kill him before he could attempt anything.

"Fine, here, take it." Number One and Dragon Mask both agreed, as they stretched their right hand and made a small cut with their blades. Then two hands flew in front of them and collected the blood drops, before bringing it back to Vritra.

’Perfect!! I have succeeded. Now all I have to do is wait. I am sure he wouldn’t notice anything is wrong until his strength has dropped by at least twenty or so percent. I just need two hundred minutes and he would be dead,’ Vritra said. He put away the drops and only touched one of the blood drops.

[Blood Lock Activated.]

[Target Locked. Time Until Death: 3 hours 19 minutes 59 seconds.]

Vritra was delighted, but he still couldn’t be careless. This skill could only be used on one person at a time after all, and needed some time to show considerable effects. So he decided to make another offer.

"I know none among you can understand this language, but I can— perfectly at that. So I wish to join one of your teams. I will instantly show you the way out and you might need my help in the future as well. So which among the two should I belong to?"

Vritra said, as he moved his hand away from the lever and floated in the air with an air of superiority. Of course, all the other levers were still under his control.

"..." The two leaders looked at one another, then they began to argue.

"Sorry for not controlling my members properly. Now that I think about it, he is indeed a member of Nine Pacts," Number One said, his tone full of softness.

"Hah! Your shamelessness has finally hit rock bottom. How dare you try to steal our best member. Now you are even pretending that he belongs to your group. Only an evil organization would do that," the dragon masked man said.

"Stop lying! He clearly belongs to my group. See his clothes? They even say Fuck Golden Moon and Nine Pacts the Greatest. You hideous bastards—he clearly belongs to my side," Number One retorted.

"He is my underling." —Dragon Mask.

"He is my member." —Number One.

__________

Thanks for reading...