Chapter 142: Trash skill?

WHOOSH

Just then, a strong wind swept across the entire forest. Nothing seemed wrong about it, so the three generals didn’t react instantly— but then they felt the energies in their bodies being sucked out just a tiny bit.

It surprised the three; they wondered what kind of supernatural phenomenon was taking place, but more important than their curiosity was the rebirth of their lord.

But then...

Chhiiiiiuuuuuuuuuu...

Like a bullet, the glowing Essence Core flew away at lightning speed. The changes were so fast that even demon generals with immense strength couldn’t understand what happened until a fraction of a second had passed.

The speed at which the core had flown away was so fast that they found it hard to even follow it with their gazes. After being frozen for less than a second, the three generals reacted quickly as they shouted:

"Lorrrddddddddd!!"

"Our lord got snatched, c-catch him. Oh no!!"

"Idiots, get moving," Morvik cursed his two idiotic teammates as he shot forward at full speed. It was either that cult or maybe even the Nine Pacts who might have guessed their motive for coming to this kingdom.

The other two also reacted instantly as deadly energy burst out of their bodies. They followed after Morvik and in an instant arrived where they sensed the Essence Core.

But all of a sudden, its presence seemed to have diminished. The three could sense that there had definitely been a person in this space, but he had moved just as they had arrived.

"Find the Essence Core. It could not have been taken too far just yet. We can’t lose it," Thaddeus muttered, his body releasing a demonic aura.

The three demons were utterly enraged. Whoever could be behind this theft— they would tear him apart with their own hands.

Just then, they sensed the energy burst from the Essence Core. The three said no word as they shot toward that location, leaving behind loud explosive noises.

This might just be the last chance for them to catch the thief and get back the Essence Core— the chance to bring back Voromir.

"Whoever it is, they are trying to absorb the Essence Core and integrate with it right away. Either that person didn’t have any other choice, or he is confident enough— or maybe there is some accident on the other side," Morvik spoke, voicing the most probable possibilities.

"Hah! This was a mistake, and I will torture the cursed thief to the extreme. He thinks he could just take away our lord’s Essence Core? And even integrate with it in such a short time while three demon generals are following behind him?" Silquor shouted, his eyes burning with rage.

"I can sense the thief up ahead. Let’s strike him first and then ask."

The three generals got ready with their attacks as they closed in on the thief, their power enough to obliterate him.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

WHOOOOOOOOOSH!!

BAAANNNNGGGGGG!!

All three attacks exploded at the same time, hitting the target and making it burst into pieces.

******

『

[Intra Shuffle]

[Skill Description]: This skill allows the user to rearrange the internal structure of their body to avoid fatal damage. Under certain limits, the body can be distorted or reshaped according to the user’s imagination— redirecting organs, shifting bones, or compressing tissue to protect vital areas. It can activate automatically in response to life-threatening injuries, or be manually triggered when needed.

』

Vritra read the skill description with delight. Although this skill didn’t increase his strength like many other skills, it was purely for survival.

What better tactic could there be in a fight than letting the opponent believe they’ve won after piercing your head— only to find out the brain had been relocated, and it was just a piece of flesh that got hit?

"Dang, anything that comes out from that wheel couldn’t be simple. This is magnificent."

Vritra’s smile widened even further. This would be greatly effective in fights, especially when he was fighting against stronger opponents.

Instantly, he decided to give this skill a try and familiarise himself with it. Closing his eyes, Vritra scanned his body, looking at every bone and organ. He had to be careful when using it, too.

Otherwise, he might end up hurting himself if he placed the organs in the wrong way or place.

[Intra Shuffle Activated.]

Vritra’s organs shifted in an instant. It felt quite strange at first as he shifted his heart to the right side. He did a few more experiments and quickly got used to it.

It seemed using it might not be as hard as he had imagined. His body would just twist and distort automatically even if he placed his organs in a dangerous location.

It was a Hybrid skill, after all.

"That’s great. I could already imagine the countless ways this skill could save your life in the future," Yasmine said, as the couple nodded their heads in satisfaction.

"Time to see the next skill. Both the previous rewards were top-notch—much better than anything I could have asked for," Vritra mumbled as he gazed at his next skill.

『

[Elegy Parasite]

[Description]: A dormant parasite that hates dying more than anything. The parasite awakens automatically when health goes lower than 1%.

Consumes life force to stay alive and increases survival instinct over the span of the battle. It won’t go back to slumber until either the threat has disappeared or the complete life force is devoured.

』

"..."

Vritra read the description twice and only felt that this skill, which awakens in extremely dangerous situations, was actually quite dangerous.

Less than 1% health would mean that he would be about to die. He wasn’t sure how this skill would work—and Vritra didn’t want to find that out either.

Since this was a passive skill, it would work on its own. But if it consumed his life force after activation, wouldn’t it just bring him even closer to death?

Vritra knew that this skill must be great as well, but right now, he couldn’t understand how effective it would be when it is actually needed. So he decided to ignore it for now. Anyway, this was a skill related to his survival as well.

Both Intra Shuffle and Elegy Parasite were mainly focused on survival in dangerous situations, and since both of them could be triggered on their own in the face of danger, he didn’t really have to put much focus on them.

Finally, his gaze landed on the final and strangest skill. Vritra’s eyebrows rose as he read its name.

He wondered if, for the first time, even the Divine Sin Wheel had thrown out a trash skill.

But maintaining his faith in this godly cheat that had always greatly benefitted him, he began to read its description in great hope. Maybe it was just the name that was not as good as the others—it still might have a great effect.

『

[SUCK! SUCK! SUCK!]

[Skill Description]: What’s there to understand, just start- SUCK! SUCK! SUCK! Anything that is energy, is meant to suck and swallow.

』

"..."

Vritra’s lips stretched in a thin line as he read that short and unclear description. It seemed this really might be the first trash reward he had obtained from this golden wheel.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...