Chapter 535 The Red Wedding

'I see…' Vritra nodded as more and more things were making sense now, but the scenes didn't end.

Darius and Teresa were born at the same time, and she had actually stolen the ill fate of her brother.

Which is why she was born blind, when it should have been Darius.

'No wonder why everyone acts as if one touch is enough to kill her.'

"My sister, Teresa, is the kindest soul. Any pain or suffering, she would rather go through it herself than let it happen to others." Divine's voice sounded again, full of tenderness and pity.

Vritra focused on the moving images, the second sister who injured one of the gods heavily and almost sent him into an eternal slumber.

Her body and soul separated, and the next scenes shocked Vritra even more.

Both her body and soul transformed into two mythic halos. One was the demonic Veyll mythic halo, which was supposed to be the most destructive.

While the other was the Nihil Anima mythic halo, with the ability to turn the souls of the dead into soul wraiths.

"W- What?" Vritra had no words for it. Then the battle between the two mythic halos, was it just a normal challenge or was there more to it too?

Yasmine had told him that Nihil Anima was so weakened because of its war against the demonic Veyll, where one of the demon gods too had joined.

That was truly too much information. Vritra couldn't help but question: "Teresa is your first sister, then what about your second sister? Did she get reincarnated too?"

"That's not important right now, so tell me what your decision is. You will marry her, right?" Divine asked, his tone emotional, and before Vritra could reply he added:

"You know, while you were away, I even protected your wife, Fiona, once.

Otherwise, do you think with her strength at that time she would have been able to subdue the 4th mythic halo, the undead, all by herself?"

Vritra remained silent for a few moments. He too felt that just based on luck, Fiona couldn't have taken that mythic halo.

So Divine had helped her.

Thinking all this through and hearing that story, Vritra made his choice.

"I am not demanding too much of you, just marry her. You can do that much, right?" Divine asked again, his tone still emotional.

"…Sigh, I understand, and my answer is still no." Vritra said, as if he would fall for that.

"Tch. Fine. If you marry her, I will tell you Yennefer's location." Divine made his final offer.

"Hmm. Alright, but what if someone else breaks this marriage?" Vritra asked.

"I will tell you about it as long as you aren't the one to break the marriage." Divine added, rolling his eyes.

Vritra nodded as time finally started moving again.

The clone standing among the Fords took a startled step back while Shen remained frozen, Vritra's hand stretched out, holding the knife.

"An ambush?" Sir Giant was the first to react this time. His body buzzed and in the next moment he disappeared along with the clone.

"A- Ah, you were stopping that knife?" Shen awkwardly pulled his arm back. He had almost broken the arm of his future brother in law.

Meanwhile, Teresa just stood there, unmoving.

"Huh?" Vritra's expression changed as he turned and looked at Shen.

"You… you were trying to break my arm? So this is the trust and respect you have for me? If you hate me so much then why don't you cancel this wedding?" he spoke, an expression of hurt on his face.

"N- No, this is a misunderstanding. I didn't mean to…" Shen was at a loss for words. Everyone had clearly seen him trying to attack Vritra.

"Shen, how dare you!!" Gunter rose to his feet, barely stopping himself from attacking Shen.

"Why don't we just continue with the marriage? I- I will personally punish that criminal-"

SLAP

"Hmph. As if things can go like this. You know how scared I was?" Vritra said, giving a hard slap on Shen's face, then another.

SLAP

'Heh, slapping the monarch in front of all these people. I am sure he definitely won't let me marry his sister.' Vritra thought.

One big reason behind his rejection to marry Teresa was that he wanted to get on a equal footing with the Divine, get more information out of him.

What would the gods do if they were to know she was Divine's sister?

All the guests were in a constant state of shock. First the ambush on the bride, then the attack on the groom, and now this.

"Yes, it was all my fault. Forgive me…" Shen tilted his head down. Vritra was his brother in law now, so he didn't mind the slaps.

"Yo-" But just as Vritra was about to beat him up more, the color of the sky changed.

Everything was covered by a layer of darkness as hundreds of portals started forming in the sky.

"Damnit, not now." Sir Giant and Shen both had the same reaction.

"P- Priest, hurry up with the rituals. Finish the marriage." Shen shouted as Sir Giant flew up to delay it.

'Perfect timing.' Vritra almost laughed out loud. He had a score to settle with this family anyway.

Shen was about to fly up too when suddenly Vritra clutched his hair and jerked his head back.

"Where are you going? You think you can attack me and run? Your family sure has good manners."

Vritra remembered lines from some drama. He really wished Shitless was here too.

'What? How is he so strong?' Shen was actually shocked, but he spoke:

"I will properly apologize to you later. This matter is urgent, please let me deal with that first."

"Okay, go ahead then. I am not as low as you." Vritra let go, as Shen combed his disheveled hair with his fingers before flying away.

Many in the crowd were baffled, but there were also some who were enjoying the show.

Just as the two had started to stop the portals, Vritra instead increased the speed.

"Now, pass your glasses to one another and drink it." The priest said hurriedly.

Teresa gently put the glass over the floating tray. Vritra wondered what might be going through her mind right now.

Was she even happy with the marriage? Or like Vritra, was she too forced because of the situation?

'Sigh, it doesn't feel like I can break this marriage…' Vritra knew that it was inevitable, but if he was really going to marry here, then it shouldn't be so quiet.

There should be battles, bloodshed. The marriage should be more exciting.

Vritra too placed his glass over the tray. The two exchanged glasses, each other's glasses stopping before them.

They picked them up as the priest urged them to drink.

With his help, hundreds of portals manifested much faster, and within moments, hundreds of figures rushed out of them.

The sky was filled with a few thousand figures. It was a race Vritra was seeing for the first time.

It was people from the Sea race.

Their physiques were similar to humans but had scales over their bodies, and their faces resembled fish more than humans.

"STOP!! This marriage will not be happening. We are here to take the bride." One of the men, wearing quite a bit of jewelry, stepped forward and announced.

He was the king of his tribe and planned to take Teresa away at any cost.

❖❖❖