Chapter 267: The First Wife

"T- Third? If your mom is first t- then you are still putting Diana before me?" Fiona was teary-eyed; it seemed Vritra had just made the situation worse for himself.

"That’s not what I..." Vritra sighed and tried to explain, but Fiona once again buried her face into the pillow and then wouldn’t respond to him.

’Sigh, this relationship thing might be harder than I thought...’

***

Five minutes later, all three of the women were seated on the bed. Fiona was still angry at Diana, so the two women sat with some distance between them, and Vanessa was seated between the two.

Fiona looked as if she might start crying at any moment, so Vritra wasted no time and started to speak: "So there is something that the three of you don’t know yet.

I didn’t really mean to hide this, but it is a sensitive topic, and even if by accident a single word of it got out, then all of us would be in grave danger."

"What is it about?" Vanessa asked. Seeing his seriousness, the three women were now even more curious.

"Actually, there is someone I want all of you to meet." Vritra spoke, not sure how all of them were going to react. Gesturing with both hands to the side, he spoke: "Meet her, this is Yasmine Firehart, my first wife."

Just as the shocked gazes of the three women moved to the side, a translucent white dragon appeared there; Yasmine had reduced her body size by a lot and was now barely bigger than a normal snake.

"S- She is a dragon?!!" Vanessa asked in shock. The three women looked at Vritra with questioning gazes, then back at Yasmine.

"Hello, mother-in-law, Fiona, and Diana, I am Yasmine. It is nice to finally meet you all. You don’t know me, but I know a lot about you all." Yasmine said, gazing at the three of them.

"Yes, she is a dragon, and we met inside the labyrinth. When I got stuck in the death canopy, I met her after a few months, and since then she has helped me a lot.

So, it all started when I saw an invisible flame..." Vritra began to explain everything from their first meeting and how Yasmine had been with him all this time.

Every minute and second she had been with him, supporting him in every possible way, even protecting his life without caring about herself.

"Oh, Yasmine, those scales are so pretty!!" Fiona said as she moved closer to Yasmine and looked at her beautiful white scales.

"You are the Dragon Queen?!! Yasmine Firehart, the greatest genius?!!"

Diana seemed the most shocked out of all. She knew the legend of the former dragon queen, a terrifying existence whose death had changed the power dynamics of all the continents and realms.

"Whoa, an actual dragon? My first daughter-in-law is a dragon, wow, that’s so... surprising and unique. But welcome to the family, Yasmine."

The three women surrounded Yasmine and began to ask all sorts of questions and share various things with her.

Yasmine also enjoyed talking to them; she was finally having a conversation with someone other than Vritra after such a long time, and all three of them seemed so warm and welcoming.

Vritra heaved a sigh of relief; this introduction went better than he expected, and it didn’t seem any of the women had any problem with Yasmine. He sat on the side and let them have a personal chat.

Having ruled over the dragons for a long time, Yasmine was quite proficient in speaking, and Vritra was well aware of it—after all, she wouldn’t leave a chance to tease him.

And even now, just after a few minutes, Yasmine had handled the situation quite well; Fiona was all smiles and seemed to have already forgotten everything.

’As expected of my wifey, you are the best.’ Vritra thought, as he lay back and finally had the peace he so much wanted.

***

The next few days went by quite fast. All four of the women seemed to have formed a group together and had so many topics to talk about that they could talk without stopping for eternity.

But Vritra finally didn’t have to handle any sort of trouble; the fight between Fiona and Diana was easily resolved, all because of Yasmine and Vanessa.

It was the fourth day, and there were still a few days before they would leave for the White Kingdom. Vritra woke up early and dressed up in nice clothes; today he was planning to go on a date with Fiona.

Their relationship had already deepened enough, and there was no longer any need to hold back anymore. Walking out of the castle, he found the beautiful redhead waiting for him in a pretty black dress, looking sexy over her pale milky skin.

"Let’s go, darling." Fiona extended her hand towards him as her fingers slid between his, and the two walked away while holding hands.

Fiona had been waiting so long for this moment. She hugged his arm as the two soon arrived in the market; they decided not to take the carriage so they could spend as much time together as possible.

Just walking on the street, hands in hands in the slightly rainy weather with cold wind blowing, felt really nice.

"My lady, would you like to eat something or visit other places first?" Vritra asked; such a sweet smell lingered around her.

"Hmm, let’s buy some snacks, and we can visit other places while eating them. What do you think?" Fiona asked. This was definitely one of the best days of her life.

"Sure, if that’s what you want, we will do as you say. So just say the word, and I will grant you your wishes." Vritra said, leaning close to her and kissing her cheek.

"Hehe, thank you darling, I love you. Oh, can you buy that and the ice cream for me?" she spoke while pointing towards a couple of shops.

"Of course, I will be back in a minute." Vritra said, and like the perfect boyfriend he was, he went to the shops and bought several things.

"Here, your ice creams, my love." Vritra said, as Fiona laughed and took the ice creams from him. While eating them, they continued to explore further in the market.

Vritra hadn’t been to the market much, but Fiona had seen a few things the previous times she was there with Diana and Vanessa.

"Why don’t we go see the Magical Circus? I wanted to go there the previous time, but because of the Grieves we left early." Fiona said and started leading him towards the circus.

"Okay." Vritra replied.

Soon the two were standing in front of a large tent. The circus seemed quite popular, and there was a large queue gathered to get its tickets. Based on the number of people, it didn’t seem Vritra would be able to get the tickets.

"Sigh, guess we were too late. Let’s just go see something else; maybe we will see it some other time." Fiona said in a disappointed tone.

She really wanted to see it with Vritra, and there was a high chance she wouldn’t be able to see it ever again since they would be leaving the kingdom soon.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...