Chapter 28: All Out!!

In the next moment, the white colour of the flame disappeared, and it transformed into an invisible flame that released waves of energy that shook her soul.

'W- What?!! It isn't the ranked 20th Misty Essence Mythic Halo? But it's clearly not a fake then...'

It only took her a moment to ponder all this as she noticed that just having this invisible flame near her soul was making her soul shudder, so she came to a terrifying realisation.

"T- Third ranked Nihil-Anima Mythic Halo?!!!" Diana was so shocked and shaken that her mind and body shut down completely for a couple of seconds.

How could this be? How the hell is this even possible?

This is absurd—such a thing in the hands of this pathetic and idiotic human?

'Wait, then that white colour was clearly forged... was it done to fool me? So he was aware of everything all this while?' Diana's heart skipped a beat. She raised her eyes and looked at the helpless boy in front of her.

The terrified gaze of the goddess met Vritra's eyes. All the panic and fear had completely disappeared, and he looked at her with a ruthless expression.

'This was a trap.' Diana instantly understood everything. Even if nothing was making sense right now, the important thing was to get rid of Vritra and move this cataclysmic thing out of her body.

She tried to move the invisible flame away from her body, but her momentary pause had given the Mythic Halo enough time to attach itself to her soul under Vritra's order.

"NO!!" Diana screamed in terror as she felt the invisible flames rapidly spreading across her soul, and she could do nothing to stop it—

No, wait, there is still one way to stop them.

If Vritra is killed before the process is complete, then everything would be fine. He is still a weak level 1—no matter how much he plots, in front of her he could do nothing.

She instantly made up her mind, but as she looked at Vritra, she saw a mocking look in his eyes. But she didn't care; she had to kill him with one strike.

At this moment, Vritra finally made his move.

'SHATTER!!' he shouted in his mind, and in the next moment, out of the shadows in the room, dozens of stones shot out.

BANG BANG BANG BANG

In the next instant, under Diana's surprised gaze, all the mirrors were shattered and the restraints on his body disappeared completely.

'How foolish. Since she underestimated me, she put up such a small trap; isn't she making it too obvious? Who puts up so many mirrors in their room? Not to mention it was obviously some kind of light element restraint, so obviously these mirrors were the carriers.' Vritra thought, as he hastily made distance between himself and the goddess.

Now all he needed to do was survive until Nihil-Anima succeeded in taking control over her soul. The distance between the two couldn't be too large.

As he gazed at his surroundings, Vritra saw that the walls of the room were covered by a thick layer of red barrier, which was set up by the goddess to cut off his escape route and also not let anyone outside notice whatever happened here.

"You are indeed smart, but too weak." Diana was enraged as she suddenly appeared in front of Vritra. Her speed was much faster than his. She raised her right hand and brought it over to her left shoulder.

WHOOSH

Vritra only had time to put his arms in front of his chest as defense. As Diana swung her arm with almost all of her physical strength, she didn't feel the need to use any of her holy energy.

Yet again, she had underestimated him.

BOOM!!

As the back of her hand struck him, Vritra was blasted backwards and his back struck the red barrier, almost breaking his backbone.

He coughed out blood, and for a moment his vision blurred. From the elbow, his right arm was blasted and turned into minced meat, filling him with pain; thankfully, there was still a pain reducing skill.

Vritra barely managed to stand on his feet. His whole body trembled and felt as if it was about to fall apart—even his right arm was broken.

[Lesser Healing Activated.]

"Oh?" Diana was once again shocked, but she quickly realised that even his level 1 status was false; now was not the time to ponder this.

If he didn't die from her previous strike, then the next would certainly take his life. She could feel the Nihil-Anima rapidly spreading across her soul. Undoubtedly, it was extremely weak right now or she wouldn't even have any chance—but she still needed to hurry.

Vritra spat out blood, then fixed his gaze on the ethereal goddess in front of him. Suppressing the pain, he rushed forward and muttered:

"EXHUME!!"

Diana didn't care about his little tricks. Since he was coming towards his death, then she would fulfil his wishes.

But just as the fuming goddess was about to take a step forward, two large hands came out of her shadows and clutched her feet.

The level of the Minotaur was above level 150. Although it was nowhere near enough to defeat her, it was more than enough to make her stumble.

Diana lost her balance and stumbled forward. She hadn't anticipated anything like that, and before she could even regain her balance, Vritra's hand shot towards her throat at full strength.

At this moment, Vritra put all of his allocation points into Strength at once.

[Allocation Points: 280]

(Strength: 240)

[Adding 280 allocation points to Strength.]

(Strength: 520)

A strange current instantly coursed through his body, filling Vritra with overflowing strength; in a moment, his strength had increased more than two times. The change was very evident.

Each of his muscles was filled with explosive power. The addition of so many stat points to Strength had undoubtedly increased his physical power by many times.

With Lesser Healing, his broken right hand was already in a much better state.

Without pausing for a moment, he clutched Diana's throat with all his strength, his fingers and nails sinking into her smooth skin.

BOOOOM!!

Vritra didn't hold back as he smashed her body into the red barrier with all his might. Even if it was not enough to injure her much, the attack left her gasping for breath. Yet Vritra didn't pause, not giving her a moment's time—he pulled her back.

BOOOM

Then, like swinging a toy around, he raised her body high up and then smashed her into the floor. The muscles of his right hand were bulging, and veins seemed as if they were about to pop out—even the bones were under immense pressure.

Even the floor was covered by the red barrier, so the floor didn't break despite such destructive force. Meanwhile, Diana felt her internal organs churn. Her main strengths were neither physical power nor defense.

She could easily kill him if she was allowed to use her holy ability—yet Vritra gave her no time to even relax. He was afraid that if Diana got even a moment, he would die.

__________

Thanks for reading...