Chapter 166: The Emerging Demon Lord

The atmosphere inside the Blue Kingdom was as lively as possible. For the past few days, a news had been especially popular inside the kingdom.

The emergence of a new Demon Lord—this news appeared out of nowhere and then spread like wildfire. All the newspapers were filled with that one single demonic image.

The photo of a single person killing thousands—those horns, those red eyes, and that terrifying presence—it was clear that he was a terrifying demon, and he was portrayed as the enemy of humanity, who was said to have killed thousands of innocent humans for no reason.

Every person was talking about him, though only a little was known about this person. His appearance, name, and a little about three women who were with him.

As Vritra approached the large gate of the Blue Kingdom, he paused in the sky and was surprised by the heavy security. Hundreds upon hundreds of guards were lined across the boundary. There were a lot of legion-ranked guards, too—many among them were wearing different uniforms than the kingdom guards.

Clearly, many other powerful people had entered the Blue Kingdom along with their large armies. Vritra could guess that it might be because of the emergence of the Scarlet Inheritance—that thing contained a huge treasure.

Vritra had obtained its map before. Although its location was clearly known to everyone, that map even showed all the traps, directions, paths, and much more. It could have been very useful but...

The danger associated with this inheritance was way too high. There was no way Vritra could contend against Yasmine or Demon Lord–ranked people just yet, so he had no choice but to give up.

But he still possessed the map that could help him find the 20th ranked Mythic Halo, which was enough.

Right now, he was wearing a black set of clothes, his hair was black, and even his facial expression had changed—he didn’t look one bit like the real himself.

Appearing in a dark alley outside the boundary of the Blue Kingdom, Vritra appeared out of his disappearing state and perfectly hid his aura.

Outside the boundary of the Blue Kingdom, lots of people had cleared a big part of the forest and built their houses; those places had transformed into various small cities.

Vritra walked towards the large gate; he sat down at a shop and asked them to bring tea. After looking around, he saw a man sitting not too far away. There were more than a dozen empty tea cups on his table as if he was waiting for someone.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +26}

After thinking for a moment, Vritra decided to get some information from this man. Vritra gave the order for two teas and sat in front of the impatient man.

"Hello, are you waiting for someone?" Vritra asked with a smile.

"Huh? Who are you?" The impatient man frowned and looked Vritra up and down but couldn’t recognize him.

"I am new here. Why is the security so heavy here?" Vritra paid for both their teas with a silver coin. Even tea’s price seemed to have skyrocketed because of the crowd.

"Ah, good lad, hehe, thank you. Cough Haven’t you heard of the new Demon Lord? Vritra—a Demon Lord in the making. Haven’t you heard about that? Recently he even slaughtered thousands of innocent humans and I even heard he ate their flesh—ugh, so terrifying. Anyway, everyone has heard that he would soon be entering the kingdom." The middle-aged man spoke with a grin.

Soon the tea for both arrived. Vritra continued to ask with his eyebrows raised in surprise: "A Demon Lord? So you are waiting for him? Do you want to catch him?"

{Sin Point Gained: Flustered +1}

"What?!! Catch him? Are you stupid, lad? There is no way I could do that." Shaking his head furiously, the middle-aged man gulped his tea before picking Vritra’s cup and continued: "I thought if I was lucky, maybe I could get to see him."

"Can you recognize him?" Vritra asked. He wanted to see which of his images was being circulated in the kingdom.

"..." While gulping another cup of tea, the middle-aged man took a piece of newspaper from his pocket and placed it over the table.

{Sin Point Gained: Speechless +1}

Vritra glanced at the photo and was really speechless. He wondered which among his enemies gave out this photo. It was the image after his demon transformation. He was slicing humans in that photo with a big evil smile—he was clearly portrayed as extremely evil.

"Anyway, I heard many important people are soon coming to this place, which is the main reason behind this much security." The middle-aged man added as he put away the paper.

This was as much as the middle-aged man knew. Vritra left that place and felt that his current disguise wasn’t good enough, so he entered a clothing shop, and after around half an hour, walked out of there.

He wore the clothes of traditional young masters from the big families, even holding a folding paper fan in his hand with some words written on either side of it. He had bought many different dresses just now.

Finally ready with his disguise, he began to walk towards the large door, but just then he heard distant noises, and he already knew who was approaching.

Sitting over the back of his bull that was running madly on the road was Monk Shitless. Wherever he passed, the bull knocked over many people, all of whom were cursing him loudly.

Just as the bull was close to Vritra, Shitless stopped the bull with all his might, though he ended up thrown off its back and skidded a bit across the floor before stopping in front of Vritra.

’Sigh, now I don’t even doubt this guy’s ability. But he followed me again? Just what is he planning?’ Vritra sighed and shook his head.

"What are you doing here?" Vritra asked, already aware that this baldie recognized him despite his disguise.

"Oh pitiful one, you know I am from the temple of the Blue Kingdom, and I am kind of popular here, so I can help you out a lot in this place." Monk Shitless stood up instantly and said with a flattering smile.

"Before anything, first tell me, why do you always linger around me? I might kill you myself if I find you suspicious." Vritra said, his red pupils staring down at the scared monk.

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +1}

"A-Actually, I enjoy watching bloodshed, violence, deaths... and in my entire life, I have never seen anyone with an aura as chaotic as yours, so I followed you. I promise I have no ill intentions. You can even order me around if you want." Monk Shitless spoke hastily.

"..." Vritra thought for a moment, and in the end, decided to bring the monk along. His real identity was already being hunted, and it wouldn’t be bad to have a little help in this new kingdom.

"Okay, let’s enter." Vritra said and began to walk towards the gate. Monk Shitless was overjoyed as he hastily followed.

Vritra hoped to enter peacefully and first search for the three women, but their journey inside was going to be anything but peaceful.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...