Chapter 388: The Wedding-2

After the emperor’s announcement, there was complete silence for a few seconds, but then everyone burst out with loud discussions, filled with shock.

Yennefer didn’t care about any of that as she scanned the area and soon she sensed a demonic presence around; surely Raelion had come.

But then she felt that it wasn’t just one but two demonic presences. Yennefer scanned the crowd again.

Her gaze lingered on a middle-aged man for a bit longer, though nothing seemed strange about him, but it was like her sixth senses were ringing.

’Did Raelion bring someone along to destroy this event? Or maybe it is Maeve, that thieving demon!’ Yennefer thought, trying to locate them.

With the precautions taken already, the chances of others getting hurt in this event were low.

She was sure that it won’t be long before she could find them.

Vritra stopped himself from letting his demonic aura burst out; he grabbed the edge of the table, breaking it with a crunching sound.

It was Yennefer’s silence that made him feel that stinging pain.

It seemed because of her obsession, she would even leave him; from her action, he could tell there was something else she was planning.

But he suddenly felt like he couldn’t trust her anymore. Won’t she actually betray him in the future? The more Vritra looked at Yennefer, the more pain he felt.

It was so strange; previously, seeing her would make him happy, but now it felt so suffocating to just be around her.

"Yes, I know this is random and too sudden, but when you are the ruler you get to do whatever you want haha." Darius joked; the man trying to appease him laughed hard at his joke.

"Anyway, it is a great occasion, I had been waiting for this day for so long.

When the most beautiful woman in the world would become my wife, may God bless us with a happy life together." The emperor said before sitting back at his throne.

Just after his speech, the sky was filled with countless firecrackers; beautiful patterns appeared in the sky.

"Woah woah, I never thought our emperor would be so romantic. Everyone, if you have filled your bellies with the food, then we would like to invite a few people onto the stage who would like to congratulate our couple here."

Beady announced, jumping into the air.

Some distance away, mixed in the crowd was Raelion who was also fuming in rage; he wanted to see if this was really a marriage or just a ploy to bring him here.

But hearing those words, he felt like exploding.

If only he had enough strength to kill the emperor.

"First I would like to invite the three emperors, the Dragon emperor and the two Phoenix emperors!" Beady shouted, his voice mixing with the sound of firecrackers.

Music had already started and hundreds of women were dancing on the side.

Three spotlights appeared among the special seats, three men were highlighted. Two were wearing red outfits; even their hair was red and they had buffed-out bodies.

While one was wearing a white outfit, his cheeks were covered by dragon scales and in front of him, the two other emperors looked like children.

Yasmine frowned seeing the dragon emperor; in her peak, she could defeat the four emperors at once without receiving so much as a scratch.

Though it seemed in the time she had been away, a lot of things had changed among the dragons.

This man named Dago was none other than her uncle’s son.

He was certainly talented but never fit to be a good ruler.

He was just too violent and short-tempered.

Three of them stood up; the phoenix emperors glared at one another. They hated each other to extremes despite being great friends before.

But both were so obsessed with the title of the emperor that they even changed their names to Emperor.

"First, sir Dago, please grace us with your presence on the stage." Beady spoke, bowing respectfully; the strength of the dragon emperor was quite similar to the human emperor.

Though the phoenix emperors would have to fight together to match any of the two.

Dago stood tall and climbed onto the stage; he was at least ten times as arrogant as Griffith.

Pushing back his long hair, he walked up to Darius and patted his shoulder.

"Good job, we men are made to conquer the strongest and arrogant women; you didn’t disappoint me." Dago said, before letting out a loud laugh.

One of the servants brought the gift that Dago had brought up to them and stood beside the emperor.

"Yennefer, would you like to open it?" Darius asked, his voice bursting with joy; it felt so good.

Though he would have loved to call her wife, he knew not to push her too much.

Upon opening the gift, the emperor found a stone inside the box.

"Hmm?" Darius looked at Dago, wondering why he had brought here a random pebble.

"...This is my lucky stone." Dago said, turning around.

"Ah, it’s fine; it’s the thought that counts." Darius said, before turning to one of the servants and whispering: "Throw it outside right away."

Then the two phoenix emperors climbed onto the stage one by one.

They congratulated him and unlike Dago, who forgot to bring any gifts, they had brought expensive things.

Most people had brought gifts because of the rumours, though some were shameless like the dragon emperor.

"I will be going there as well." Rich stood up with a big smile before making his way towards the stage.

"Darius, congratulations. I couldn’t think of what to bring, so I brought you what I have in excess." Rich said and gave him a storage glyph loaded with mountains of gold.

"Haha Rich, there was no need for this, just your presence was enough." Darius said with a hard laugh before storing the glyph away safely.

Rich returned to his seat; a few more people went to congratulate them on the stage.

Yennefer paid little attention to everything else; her aura spread across the area and she began to locate Raelion.

Seeing all this, he was definitely angry and had started to leak his aura.

’Close, close, I am very close to discovering him.’ Yennefer had almost pinpointed Raelion’s location but then another person climbed onto the stage.

It was a middle-aged man; Yennefer didn’t know why but she had this strange feeling when seeing him.

As the guard brought the gift, which was a cubical box with half a meter length. Picking it up, he handed it over to the emperor and said:

"Congratulations, emperor."

"Thank you." Darius wondered who this person was; anyone who was allowed to come on the stage should be someone he knows well.

But just as he was about to ask, the middle-aged man looked at the empress and said: "Congratulations to you too, Yenni, have a long happy life."

The emperor felt that maybe it was someone insignificant from Yennefer’s family so he didn’t pay him any attention and told the servant to throw the gift near the mountain of gifts.

"!!!" On the other hand, Yennefer froze, hearing those words although the voice was different but she instantly recognised him.

She stood up abruptly, her gaze locking onto the back of the middle-aged man walking away from there, her heart thumped in panic and anticipation.

This was exactly what she didn’t want to happen, Vritra was definitely misunderstanding her, and she didn’t want to lose him at any cost.

He was the only one she cared for now; all others had died a long time ago after all, right in front of her.

One by one, in a very traumatising manner, their screams still rang in her ears at every passing moment.

"Is everything alright?" Darius asked, wondering if she had really found Raelion; he hoped to keep this event going for a little longer.

But seeing Vritra’s disappearing figure in the crowd, Yennefer rushed towards him, not caring about anything else.

Just as Yennefer had left, Darius frowned, as he too had sensed Raelion.

’Why is she going in the wrong direction?’ the emperor wondered before rushing towards the demon in hiding.

On the other hand, just as Yennefer arrived among the crowd, they all parted but there were no signs of Vritra.

Biting her lip she flew towards the exit at full speed; she wanted him to listen to her at least.

’Where are you?’ Yennefer suddenly felt as if the air was turning cold; her mind buzzing, she knew because of her obsession she makes mistakes but didn’t think it might lead to this.

Rushing out of the palace, Yennefer saw Vritra who had paused in the air, with his back facing her.

"Vritra!" Thankfully he hadn’t left; if he really disappeared then she might never be able to find him for the rest of her life.

"T- This is all a misunderstanding, this was never a true wedding, we were just trying to catc-"

Yennefer began to explain but Vritra’s emotionless voice cut her off; he had returned to his actual appearance right now.

"What does it matter?" Vritra slowly turned around, his face a mask of blankness; no emotions could be seen in his eyes.

"To fulfil your goals, you were doing all this, then leaving me, killing me, my family all this doesn’t seem impossible so you can reach your ultimate goal of demon-free world, right?"

He asked; the air around Vritra itself seemed to turn cold, his anger was suppressed but the pain was evident.

Each of his word felt like knives slashing at her heart.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...