Chapter 747 Unprecedented

Piku, the lord with a hippo-like face, was suddenly grasped by a large dust hand and pulled off the ground.

The ones standing around him were startled, it happened way too fast.

"Uwaaaaaah S- Stooopppp O- Omega is going to killll youuuuuu, I am his favourite m- man!!" Piku screamed in fright.

He might be a lord, but he had just achieved that rank through luck and favours, he didn't possess much fighting power.

Since he was so useless, he was made the tax collector, he had also begged to be one since it was his favourite job.

Beat up normal folks, which was very fun especially if they are dragons, and steal their money but legally.

His strength could only be said to be on the lower tiers of the lord rank, all the strong ones Omega always kept around himself.

"You are?" Vritra asked, he gazed at the fat lord.

This was the typical type of wannabe villain who bows to strength and acts superior to everyone weaker than them.

"P- Piku, I- I am Piku! The right-hand man of the emperor of dragons, Omega, if you want to survive then let me go ugghhhh!!"

But the grip only tightened, as scrunching sounds of bones breaking rang out.

The people on the ground were scared, if a lord was beaten so easily, what chance did they have?

"D- Don't worry boss, we will quickly go inform the emperor about this!!" the beast men following behind Piku prioritized their lives over their duty.

"Y- You fucking bastards, come here! H- Help meeeee, ahhhhh t- too tight, aaaaaah my belly is about to bursttttttt-" Piku screamed in pain but his dutiful underlings didn't let that distract them.

They ran at full speed, then flew up and headed straight towards the palace.

"…" Yasmine looked at the escaping figures and wordlessly released a powerful spiritual burst, the skill she had gotten from the game.

BANG BANG BANG

The heads of the several men exploded at once, the sight scared Piku even more, despite the pain he remained silent.

"Stay quiet, if you release another noise, you will suffer the same fate." Yasmine said, her eyes glowing with a dangerous glint.

She looked like a reaper from hell, so dangerous despite being extremely beautiful.

The dragons on the ground stared at this scene in shock, then they burst out in cheers, praising Yasmine, their real empress.

"Long live the empress!!"

The guards who were leading them in were also overjoyed, while Piku only hoped that Omega and the others could save him.

"Let's go, hubby." Yasmine said, her tone much softer as she looked at Vritra.

Nodding, he led the blood cart forward, while carrying Piku by the dust hand, the combination of both skills would be quite deadly.

'I wonder if there is some way to merge the two? That'll have to wait I guess.' He thought.

The dragons cheered louder, seeing the cart fly towards the palace, they all knew that Yasmine was going there to slay that crazy fake emperor.

There were a lot of guards who followed Omega spread across the kingdom, most of them flew up upon seeing the blood cart and dust hand.

They wanted to protect Piku to earn his favour but if a lord was caught like that, what could they even do?

Still wherever the cart passed, those creatures had their heads explode at once, Yasmine killed them without any mercy.

Before long, they had arrived close to the palace.

The blood cart landed and all four of them got off, walking towards the big doors of the outer perimeter.

"Stop right there!! Who are yo-" the guards were a mix of dragons, beast men and other races like fishmen, werewolves, elves.

The dragons were the first to recognize Yasmine, but unlike the other dragons they weren't overjoyed, after all they were already serving Omega.

"Omegaaaaaaa, save me!!" Piku began to scream instantly.

"Sigh, looks like you can't understand simple words." Vritra shook his head, in the next moment, particles of dust burst into his body.

CRACK SCRUNCH

Strange noises rang out as his bones broke, internal organs burst out, within moments the body was gone.

Only the head remained, still he was not dead because of lord rank vitality.

"Call Omega outside." Yasmine ordered, her presence was so oppressive that none of the guards dared to utter a word.

One on the back side quickly ran inside the palace to call their emperor.

"Wifey, don't kill him immediately, let us see if he has any important information, maybe he is just a puppet." Vritra said, though he was sure Yasmine must've already thought about it.

It's just sometimes, people forget simple things because of their emotions.

"Hmm" Yasmine nodded, she stood beside him and stared at the palace door.

The palace had been built again it seemed, this building didn't exist here before.

Yasmine looked to the other side and noticed the palace that Vritra had created for her, exactly like the one she had before, was gone.

It made her angry, not only was it given by her hubby but it was full of her childhood memories, the memories of her parents.

And this bastard Omega dared to break it?

He was going to regret it all so badly.

After a few minutes, quite a few figures walked out of the palace.

The one walking at the front had two horns above his head and had a burly body, it was none other than Omega, the self-proclaimed dragon emperor.

"Oh, if it isn't my cousin Yasmine, didn't expect to see you ever again." Omega said, he resembled Drago quite a bit.

"Omega, you have grown up." Yasmine said as she gazed at the people surrounding him.

All of them were lords, some from the dragon race while most from the other races, there were over 100 lords.

"Haha I sure have, but why did you come? I mean, had you told me before I would have prepared a big welcoming party for you." Omega said, he was bare-chested, only wearing pants on his lower body.

"There is no need for that, how did you collect all of them? I don't remember much of you but you weren't the type to hoard power.

So who asked you to do this?"

"Pfftt hahaha my cousin, you are still as funny as before. Why would I need someone to tell me anything? I collected these slaves, isn't it fun to rule over these bugs? I am just doing that."

Omega walked forward, his muscular arms spread wide as he continued.

"Didn't you and your parents feel the same? I remember when I was younger, you ruled the dragon race, it looked as if none of this mattered to you anymore-"

"Stop this gibberish, get to the point." Yasmine said, her eyes glowing for a moment.

BOOOOOOOOOOM

The bodies of all the lords standing behind Omega exploded at once, this was her second power.

Explosion, which she didn't get to use much before.

The power of the explosion would have been greater but Vritra used dust to control it.

The guards and others were all shocked to see that so many lords, the strongest beings, were all dead in an instant.

Just from a gaze? What was even happening? This was insane, maddening to the highest degree.

Unprecedented and unheard, when did she get so strong?

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios