Chapter 111: The Gift

Vritra just watched the entire scene. Whoever ran close to the door received death first—their heads exploded into a bloody mess, as corpse after corpse fell to the ground.

A big pool of flesh and blood formed on the ground within seconds. All of them were so terrified that none could even imagine retaliating; they just wanted to escape somehow.

After ten or so seconds, the screams died down as the last few people fell to the ground with gaping holes in their heads. Bob and Bobby returned to his shadow after the slaughter was finished.

There were so many corpses lying one over another, even the air seemed to be filled with a bloody mist.

Vritra felt a little bad about killing them. He sighed and mumbled, "What a waste. If only I could have gained levels by killing them. I guess I’ll just take away their souls."

"Hellmancer, eat them all," Vritra said as another shadow flew out from under his feet and took the form of the mage of his army.

Now that he had Bob and Bobby, he planned to remove the unnecessary and weak soul wraiths such as the demon giant, though he planned to keep the Hellmancer, Dark Knight, and the Chimera for now—they might still be useful with higher levels.

Hellmancer waved its staff and began to pull out their souls and consumed them with joy. Most of these people had high levels, so they would still be quite useful.

...

After a while, Vritra looked at his soul wraith inventory.

++++++++++++++++

SOUL WRAITH INVENTORY:

Name: Hellmancer King

Level: 789

Name: Chimera

Level: 836

Name: Knight of Darkness

Level: 849

Name: Bob

Level: 1011

Name: Bobby

Level: 1011

++++++++++++++++

"Nice, I guess we are finally done here." Vritra stretched his arm. The whole thing had only lasted for two or so days, but the entire time this place had kept everyone on edge.

He really needed a good sleep.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

Vritra flew out of the cave in his disappearing state, and his agility...

He was shocked by his own speed when he went all out. Even the flying speed depended on his agility, so his flying speed had already become so fast that he crossed a large distance within minutes.

"Whoa, the effect of three thousand agility points is damn great." Vritra flew through the sky and headed towards the capital first.

It was already nighttime, so they had been inside that place for nearly two and a half days; the Golden Moon had already run quite far away. They were scared out of their wits by his warning.

It didn’t take long before Vritra entered the capital. He flew straight towards the castle. He wasn’t much worried about his mother’s safety; after all, Dark Knight was still fine, so there was no way something could have happened to her.

But he still wanted to see her so badly.

After arriving at the castle boundary, Vritra flew directly towards the temple in his disappearing state. He landed on the floor outside his room door. It should be around 12 or so in the night, so his mother was probably already asleep.

After deactivating the fourth dimension, Vritra glanced at himself and finally noticed the blood-stained clothes. He didn’t really get injured in the fight, but it was all because of that poison.

He activated the fourth dimension again and quickly changed his clothes before becoming visible again.

KNOCK KNOCK

Vanessa had already fallen asleep. She didn’t really have much to do the whole day. She would just go out to kill a few demons the goddess sent for her; otherwise, she spent all her time in her room. As a woman who had a business empire, it was so boring to stay all day long like that.

Her sleep broke as she heard the knock on the door. At first, she frowned upon looking at the dark sky outside the window.

She wondered who could be visiting her at this time. Only Diana came to visit her occasionally. Then she smiled after sensing his presence through their connection and knew that he was back, through their shared bond she could always feel his presence even if he afar.

She got off the bed in haste and took two long strides towards the door, but then she paused and still asked just to hear his voice, "Who is it?"

"Mom, it’s me." Came the answer from outside.

Vanessa wasted no time as she pulled open the door and saw her son standing in front of her with a sweet smile. She just threw herself in his arms, wrapping herself around his body with a possessive grip.

{Sin Point Gained: Yearned +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Missed +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Loved +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Obsessed +1}

...

Messages after messages poured out as Vanessa buried her face into his chest and inhaled his scent deeply. For a few seconds, she wasn’t even able to speak.

"Honey, you are finally back!! I missed you so much. It feels like years had passed since we last met." Vanessa said, hugging him tightly, her soft squishy body wrapping around him.

"Yeah, I missed you too mom, but only around two days had passed, right?" Vritra asked as the two separated and entered the room before closing the door behind them.

"Mmm... Two and more than half a day. But first, tell me—you are not hurt at all, right? You didn’t get hurt, did you?" she asked, looking him up and down carefully.

"Of course, Mom. I am perfectly fine. Oh right, I brought a gift for you." Vritra pulled out the almost invisible bodysuit kind of cloth.

"Is this polythene? You want me to wear just this?" Vanessa’s cheeks flushed and she felt a little shy. She already seemed to be imagining something.

"Huh? No, it is an armor. Just put it on your body and you will understand." Vritra said, rolling his eyes—though he quite liked the idea of her wearing just this armor—cough shaking his head, he passed the armor to her.

Vanessa put the soft cloth on and it just disappeared around her body, forming a faint layer of energy that was there but also not at the same time. She was surprised as she looked at herself and could no longer see or touch anything.

"Wow, what is this thing exactly? It seems very special." Yasmine asked, as she tried not to think about her own naughty suggestion.

"Yup, it is good. It will keep you protected." Vritra replied.

"Wait, you should be the one to wear it. I just stay in my room all day long, what could happen to me? So you should—" Vanessa wanted to remove the armor as she tried to touch it.

"It’s alright, Mom. I already have one, so you can keep it." Vritra said as he held her hands.

"Ah, then thank you for such a wonderful gift, honey. You look so tired. Do you want to eat something?" Vanessa asked, caressing his cheek lovingly.

"No, I already ate. I just need a bath and a good sleep for now." He said and yawned, leaning onto his mother with a tired expression.

"Okay..." Vanessa nodded, then hesitatingly she asked: "Uh... do you want me to help you bathe?"

____________

Thanks for reading...