Chapter 761 The Legendary Brothers

The market was full of talk, everyone there seemed to be muttering about something.

A brand new day brought along a lot of gossip, and a lot of people were walking around in the market.

Each had something more to add into the ongoing rumour.

All the people who had just come there for usual shopping or strolling all had curious looks as they asked around for what was going on.

Among them was also Zira who had come to do some shopping, and four of her children who were just strolling around.

They all looked at the bustling street which seemed far more lively than usual.

"Big brother, do you think something is happening?" the second brother asked.

"Big big brother, I think something is happening." The third brother said.

"Big bras, something already happened." The fourth and youngest one spoke.

"Stop it you idiots, we will just go and ask someone about it." The oldest spoke. After looking around, he saw a group of three men talking about something.

"Woah big brother, you are a genius!" the second brother, who was the slowest of all, said.

The three walked towards the group and it was the youngest who spoke first:

"What ya discussing, tell ma before I beat ya asses."

"What did you say, you bastard!" the three men were instantly enraged, ready to beat up the rowdy young guy.

"What? My fadah can beachu up, tell ma everythi-" before he could finish speaking, the oldest shut his mouth and spoke:

"Sorry for that, he is a little retarded. Anyway, can you tell us why the market is so lively now?"

While speaking he passed on a few silver coins and the three men calmed down instantly.

"Hmph, good that you know your place. It's better to not fight with adults or you might get your ass handed to you someday." One of the three spoke while taking the coins.

"I heard some big shots are coming to this place, one of them is the richest person in the world and the other is the strongest, the two brothers who control the world from the shadows."

"Yes, they have come this time just to find a bride for the older brother, they are looking for an excellent woman, the most beautiful and talented. Whoever marries him, will have hundreds of generations set for life."

The three men then enthusiastically spoke some very exaggerated rumours, adding some on their own.

In the rumours, the two foreigners who were coming were so powerful, influential, rich and handsome that there had never ever been someone like that.

It was so exaggerated that the four brothers wondered if the gods themselves had descended there.

They asked around, getting almost the same information from everyone, and the crowd kept increasing.

Everyone now wanted to see exactly who the two brothers were who could create such a ruckus.

Hearing about the marriage, many of the women began to get ready and hoped they were the lucky ones.

All of them had this feeling deep in their heart that the prince charming would see them and fall at first sight, they would be the chosen one.

Live like the queen of the world and have all the power, while such a handsome, rich and all powerful man would be soft and kind to them and listen to them.

Which woman wouldn't dream of such a thing, so even the women who were already happily married, had a little more makeup applied that day.

More than men, women could be seen in the market, all of them trying to act graceful, classy and rich.

Zira who was holding the bags full of vegetables looked around curiously, but she didn't pause to check around.

She had to return home quickly and spend more time with her husband, get some more money and find out more about him.

Although she had managed to fool him, she still knew very little about Onest.

She didn't even know about the people who came to see him earlier, so Zira was in a hurry to find out as much as possible.

One thing she was certain about was that he is very strong and if she plays her cards right then she will be able to live very very long.

Get a lot of money and he is plenty handsome, most men around are nowhere near that so she wouldn't want them anyway.

'I have brought the ingredients of his favourite dishes, then I will wear the sexy lingerie to entice him. But why doesn't he get drunk sigh, if he got drunk then getting the information would have been so easy.'

She wanted to use Onest and create a life of utter luxury for herself and her children.

Rushing hurriedly to her home, she spotted her children who were standing in front of a shop.

"What are you doing here?" Zira asked.

"Mother! You are here, have you heard about the rumours? We just came here to buy some things but there is something big happening here." The third brother spoke, looking enthusiastic.

"Hmm you can tell me about that later, but first let's return home, you have to make sure to put your best behaviour. We have to keep Onest happy as much as we can." Zira said, not really interested in the rumours.

Then she started walking back towards their house.

Only after marrying Onest was she able to shift into the Yate Realm, and get such a big house.

He is such a gold mine, with endless supplies.

Of course the house was given by Gunter, since he is a good friend of Art.

The four brothers were too excited, they followed along their mother and began to tell her about everything they had just heard.

"What? I feel these rumours are just fake, I haven't heard there is any exceptional beauty in the Yate Realm, why would they be coming here?" Zira said, glancing into her bucket to once again check things.

"But mother, I heard the two brothers will be here very soon, like by 9, we have to go see them!!" the oldest of the four said.

And the four began to urge her repeatedly, so Zira sighed and gave in, she was mostly doing it all for her children anyway.

Her old husband who gave her these four children was too poor, weak and good natured, she couldn't stand him at all.

"Fine fine, I will go. For now, make sure to behave in front of your father." She added.

Before long they were back at home.

Onest would need just a thought to kill the five of them, but he had some principles that he couldn't break.

He could not break the oath over his profession and his parents, who were long dead.

He didn't know exactly how they had died as he was too young at that time but it was probably some demon outbreak.

The only memory Onest had was being hidden under the floor in a secret compartment until he fell unconscious from hunger.

And was later taken out by some warrior who then left him at some church.

Though he never liked that place and left, accidentally stumbling over a bunch of goblins who almost managed to kill him.

Yet that was the moment where his journey actually started.

It was mostly his luck that he had managed to live.

He sat on a chair, head resting over his hands, as he stared at the wall in deep thoughts.

Soon the five entered the house, and Zira called out: "Honey, we are back, I am going to cook your favourite dishes right away."

TUK TUK TUK

Onest didn't reply nor did he look at them, he tapped over the table with his finger.

'What's wrong with him?' Zira wondered, without disturbing her gold mine she walked into the kitchen.

"Fadah, a boya hit me earlier, ya have to go and beat his ass up!" the fourth son spoke, anger written all over his face.

"...Sure, bring me there later in the day, I will see who it was." Onest replied after thinking, he wasn't sure what Vritra was planning.

But he could only put his faith in him.

It didn't take long for Zira to prepare everything, at least she wasn't bad at cooking.

Still, Onest barely ate anything and got up, he changed his clothes and was ready to go out.

It was already the time when he was supposed to go out.

"Fadah, ya ready?" Fourth brother asked, grinning ear to ear.

"I- I will go with you, I need to make sure you don't beat anyone up too bad." Zira said hurriedly.

Before she wasn't really interested but now, she wanted to see what exactly was happening.

And soon the six of them were all outside the house, walking towards the market.

Upon entering the market, they noticed how crowded it was everywhere.

"Huh? What is happening?" Onest asked, poor guy couldn't even leave his house much because of that contract.

"Daddy, I heard some big shots are coming here, so all these people have gathered to see them." One of the brothers answered.

'Big shots?' Onest paused, standing in the crowd as he looked at the empty road.

"I still think that's fake news, why would they even come her-" Zira was speaking when someone suddenly shouted.

"H- Here! They are finally here!"

All the gazes instantly moved towards the road, as thunderous sounds rang out.

It wasn't carriages or horses, something bigger, grander!

Everyone looked on with baited breath and soon they all took a step back in bafflement.

Two dragons soon became visible, majestic and dangerous, all of them had their breath stolen at the sight in the sky.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...