Chapter 61: Master

Just a moment before the lightning-fast fist struck Arthur, its energy increased even more.

...

[Shift Activated.]

[Agility → Strength]

...

++++++++++++++++

• Agility: 10

• Strength: 3555

++++++++++++++++

And finally, the strike landed as everything was instantly engulfed by silence, before everything fell apart.

Arthur, who was surrounded by golden letters that provided him with the most powerful shield, was still hopeful of surviving that strike.

He could tell that the other party had exhausted all his strength in this single blow, so if he could somehow survive, then he would certainly be able to kill this mysterious and dangerous person.

But as that fist containing several kinds of powers and glowing with a dark purple light came close to him, those golden letters disappeared as if they were mere illusions, not putting up even the slightest bit of defense against that flame.

Arthur felt a chill. He knew that it was now impossible for him to survive, plus the speed of that fist was so fast that he couldn’t even think of anything, let alone do something. All he could wonder was—who was this guy, and why did he want to kill him? What was that purple flame that was so destructive?

Finally, the strike landed, and Arthur’s body’s defenses held on for a moment before being completely swallowed by the cataclysmic mix of energies. All of him was erased before the explosion expanded all over the place.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Chaos spread all across the place. Everything around was completely shattered.

Almost the entire castle was blown into pieces—even the land around had been destroyed. Not even the temple was left unscathed; it barely managed to survive.

The sound of the explosion rang out across the entire capital, throwing the people into a state of panic, and a large mushroom-like cloud rose into the sky. Dozens upon dozens of houses around the castle had been destroyed.

The scale of destruction was too huge. The capital hadn’t suffered such a devastating blow in several centuries. Even most of the demons wouldn’t attack the capital openly.

The destructive storm lasted for almost a minute before it began to die down. All the people who had witnessed this historic moment were shocked. They wondered which terrifying demon had entered to have caused this much mayhem.

To be honest, even Vritra hadn’t expected his full power punch to cause so much chaos and destruction.

He was completely exhausted after delivering that punch, and all his skills were deactivated, and even his partial dragon transformation was undone.

Just before Vritra was about to be swallowed by the energy, his body disappeared, and he was safely teleported back to the same room beside Diana, who was protecting that room with all her might.

He fell on the chair, his body drenched in sweat as he panted heavily. He was barely keeping his eyes open. But with his recovery skills and the passive effect of Shift, his condition became much better within seconds.

The man in the black robe finally managed to destroy the Demonic Golem’s body as he came out and witnessed the shocking scene. Arthur was dead, and all of it had happened in less than ten seconds— no, in just five or six seconds.

He wasn’t in the mood to test his power against this destructive energy as he grabbed the king and disappeared from there, locking onto the locations of the remaining demons.

Soon, Hellmancer and the Demonic Giant disappeared too, and only Chimera remained, who moved back hastily from the attack— and still, it received a few injuries but was mostly fine.

Finally, the chaos ended, and peace filled the area. The man in the black robe put the king to safety first, then looked at his target: the Chimera, who had spread its wings already and had started to flee at extreme speed.

Of course, it was nothing more than a diversion, just to make the enemies confused by giving them false knowledge and tracking a false target.

The king had fainted. Several of the strongest men from his army arrived and protected the king. They were shocked to see the greatest knight of their kingdom, Sir Arthur, had been slain.

"Q-Quick, form a protective barrier around the king! We can’t let any harm near him. Call all the warriors, this is of utmost importance, this is a catastrophe-level attack," one of the warriors commanded.

"Several of our warriors have fallen... a-and even honourable Sir Arthur has sacrificed himself while performing his duty..." another man added. All of them were even more shocked by the news of Arthur’s death than the attack itself. He was the most feared and respected man in the kingdom, after all.

Most of the strong demons stayed out of their kingdom just because of his presence, and now he had fallen? Who could be powerful enough to slay him—was it a Demon Lord?

They were all filled with countless doubts, but right now was not the time for any of that. Fortunately, the enemy made no further attempt at the king’s life, so all the warriors began to work efficiently and with proper planning.

The man in the black robe chased after the Chimera for a very long distance, but after reaching the boundary of the kingdom, the strange creature disappeared all of a sudden without leaving behind any trace.

"How strange. It certainly wasn’t any normal demon. I have never seen such dark demons—all of them seemed to be made of the same kind of energy. Is some other organization performing similar experiments on demons? But what could their purpose be in killing that knight?

Is it somehow related to that boy who took out the corpse? Hmmm... I don’t think so. He was too weak and clueless. I believe he must have been used as a chess piece by someone without even knowing it.

I have to find out all about the organization behind this attack... at least the king and those test subjects are safe, and that’s all that matters." The man spoke in a thick voice—it was impossible to know his identity from the voice alone.

In the next instant, he disappeared from there after sensing that Chimera was nowhere around.

...

"Are you alright?" Yasmine asked, her voice was filled with worry, excitement, and pride.

’Yeah, just a little exhausted. That purple flame took away all my energy—even my stamina was depleted. Even though it is still weak, I didn’t expect it to possess such destructive energy,’ Vritra spoke as he wiped away the sweat from his forehead.

"Well that’s not a surprise..." she replied.

But the one who was the most shocked in all this was none other than the goddess. Others might not recognize those creatures, but how could Diana not tell what they were? After all, she had seen Vritra’s Soul Wraiths.

She had done her best to protect the room from all that destruction. Her body shivered as Vritra appeared behind her out of nowhere after delivering that devastating punch.

"M- Master, you are back?" she asked in a meek tone, her heart now filled with fear. He had grown to this extent in a mere two months— who knows how terrifying he would become in the future? There was no shame in becoming a maid for such a figure, even as a goddess.

____________

Thanks for reading...