Chapter 411: The Great Ritual

"Alright, return and make sure to protect the city of Charms at all times." Vritra ordered.

The sorcerer covered in darkness bowed before disappearing like smoke.

Now, present under the starry sky, only Vritra and the captive lying on the ground remained.

"Mmmph! Ughhh Oooo!" The man from Bone Blood Cult kept trying to shout but with his mouth covered he wasn’t able to do anything.

He had also tried to commit suicide but Hellmancer made sure nothing of that sort happened.

"Now, tell me everything you know." Vritra muttered. With a thought, a knife of dust appeared and cut off the binding of his mouth.

"Huff huff I- I really don’t know anything, please spare me..." All of his teeth had been broken and energy sealed. Hellmancer left him no way to commit suicide.

"Well I am the one to decide that, let’s see if you are lying or not." Vritra spoke and instead of using the Nihil anima, he just used the elegy parasite.

[Elegy Parasite Activated.]

A bug appeared on the captive’s body and within moments, thin threads like roots spread across his body and soon all his movements stopped.

Vritra waited for the process to complete then he asked the same question again. "Tell me what you know, what exactly were you doing there?"

"Ughh..." The man seemed to be struggling but that only lasted for a second.

With the difference in level of the both, the parasite was already quite strong.

Soon, he was completely in Vritra’s control.

"W- We were ordered by our leader to spread some sort of powder around that place." The man finally answered.

Even though his mind was filled with horror, after all, his original consciousness hadn’t been erased, it was still there.

"Oh, and what sort of powder was it? Was it poisonous? How many of you were with you?" Vritra asked, a frown appearing over his face.

"I- I don’t know what its function was b- but it didn’t seem to be poisonous, w- we were around twenty." His body was shivering as he kept answering all questions.

"Hmm, what are you guys planning now?" Vritra muttered to himself.

Such a low level could only be used as cannon fodder; there was no way he would have much information.

"Alright, now you can return to your base, act like usual and when I give you the signal, make your body explode." Vritra spoke as he broke the restriction on the man’s energy.

All the wounds soon began to heal.

Before leaving Vritra questioned: "Tell me about your leader and base, how strong are the forces there?"

"T- There- Ughhhh Uwaaaaaah-" Just as the man was about to speak, he felt immense pain in his head and fell to the ground.

"Sigh, forget it, just return to your base." Vritra said. It was obvious that some sort of seal was placed on him to stop him from leaking any sort of information in any scenario.

He might just die here if Vritra continued to force him, so it was better to stop and get whatever info he could get.

"Y- Yes." He stood up and nodded, then turned around and flew away.

"Hubby, be careful, if he is heading to the main base of the Bone Blood Cult then I would suggest you not do anything for now.

The leader called Red isn’t someone we can take on right now; we can use some more time to grow before meeting him." Yasmine spoke in a worried tone.

"Yeah I know, don’t worry, I won’t be rash. If I sense danger I can’t handle." Vritra replied as his body began to float and then disappeared.

[Book of Dimensions Activated.]

...

’Damnit damnit, why am I the one with the worst luck? Out of all, why am I the only one who got caught?

Sigh but seems like everyone is going to meet the same fate soon, at least knowing that is comforting.’ The captive was going wild in his head as he flew back towards his secret base.

In the night he couldn’t see who Vritra was. His body seemed to be covered by some sort of darkness just like the one who captured him.

But it was obvious, his strength was at or near the Lord rank.

Flying at a fast pace, the man soon landed on the ground and walked into a narrow empty alley.

There was a big hole in the ground that seemed to be filled with dirty water, but he just jumped inside. The water was not real.

A shadow from behind continued to follow him, staying far enough but also close enough.

Passing by that hole, the man appeared in a cave that seemed to have been made underground with the passage of time.

There were several intersections.

Choosing one of them, he continued to walk, taking various turns and passing through strange entrances.

There were many illusions and barriers. After nearly twenty minutes, he had finally arrived in what seemed to be the real base.

It was a well-built building, with an enormous hall and countless rooms.

There were thousands of people going on with their work.

All of them were the members of the Bone Blood Cult. The stench of blood was heavy in the entire place.

"What are you still doing here? Did you complete the mission?"

Just as the captive had walked into the hall, one of the men walking in hurry, stopped and questioned?

"Yes, I d- did." His eyes seemed red, but the other guy didn’t think too much. Many of them did drugs and other strange activities so it was pretty normal.

"Then why are you just standing here? The great Ritual is about to start, did you forget?" The other man tapped over his shoulder and gestured to come.

"Yes, I was about to h- head there, let’s go to- together." The captive nodded.

Of course, he too was in a hurry to return because of this ritual, and in this hurry, he ended up getting caught.

’Sigh if he comes here, the ritual would be the last of our worries.’

...

Vritra walked into the large hall and looked around. It seemed the people here loved the colour red too much; everything was painted in red here.

Even the walls were covered with the smell of blood.

"Ritual?" Vritra mumbled, but it wasn’t a surprise since these lunatics often performed such rituals.

But after hearing the conversation from the people around him, he got to know that this ritual was a little special and only happened once every few years in one of the branch bases of the Bone Blood Cult.

Which meant this wasn’t the real base.

The leader wasn’t here either but he was supposed to come here by the end of the ritual.

Vritra followed along the group, no one here could sense him.

The strongest people here were at the general rank, so the danger was pretty low.

"These pests, even the stench of their body is so ugly, I wish I could have eradicated every single one of them." Yasmine cursed.

She really hated this organisation.

’Don’t worry, they will be gone very soon, all of them.’ Vritra replied.

Walking out of the hall through one of the large doors, he found himself in a forest.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...