Chapter 551 Drino

"Husband…" Teresa called out softly, her voice as enchanting as ever.

"Hmm," Vritra hummed.

"Can we go out somewhere together?" She asked.

Because of her situation, Teresa knew she would still have to stay in a room.

Though Vritra being in her life made it infinitely better and more joyful, she still wanted to see more of the world.

But only with him. After all, it isn't just beauty that the world holds, it could be far more disgusting.

"Of course, we will be going to a lot of places together. With me around, you won't have to be cooped up in a room." Vritra said, before adding, "In fact, we will be going somewhere really soon."

"Oh, thank you, husband!" Teresa happily leaned onto him.

The ride continued in silence for a while, then Vritra questioned,

"You have seen me fight, killing all those fishmen and even hurting your family, but you never complained. Why? Don't you hate violence?"

"I do, but you are always right." Teresa answered. Now that it was just the two of them, she had removed her veil.

The person driving the vehicle couldn't look behind at them.

They continued to talk for the rest of the way, slowly getting to know each other more.

And before long, they arrived in the Yate realm.

They were all welcomed back in a grand manner. The whole realm was decorated, thousands of people came forward to see the couple.

Teresa had already put the veil back as they got out of the car.

Vanessa, Diana, Fiona, and Maeve had come with them. Gunter didn't know what their relation was with his son, but he was more than happy to have them as his guests.

While walking with Teresa towards the palace, Vritra questioned in his mind,

'Wifey, where are you?'

"I will be there in a couple of minutes." Came her reply instantly.

'Good.' After a moment, he thought of something and questioned, 'Now that I think about it, what is the name of this planet? I haven't heard of it.'

"You haven't? I think I told you about it before. It's called the Zoratian planet." She answered.

'Anyway, hurry back. I will soon be going to the Star realm.' Vritra said while walking with Teresa.

***

Somewhere far away in the universe, in an endless dark space.

Two brightly glowing eyes with a deadly intensity could be seen. It was more of a blurry mass of energy.

In front of the eyes, only a throne could be seen, but no one was seated on it.

A person was kneeling, facing the two eyes respectfully. His body was humongous, orange in color, and bulky.

It was a semi-humanoid, twelve-foot-tall, dinosaur-like entity, with long arms and short legs.

"Have you found any of the two yet?" A heavy voice that made the creature flinch sounded.

The creature with a dinosaur-like face was at the demi god level, while the presence he was facing was a god.

There was just no comparison between the two's strength.

His name was Drino. He was one of the strongest people on his planet and would soon be participating in the world games.

His planet had already passed the trial.

"Yes, I found one of his sisters, and this time I will definitely kill her." Drino said, not even daring to look at the two eyes.

He was more than happy to help a god if it meant getting even a slight help during the games.

"No, don't kill her. Bring her here. I might as well try to obtain her powers." The heavy voice said.

This god was one of the demon gods on Vritra's planet. Directly getting involved in a planet would bring heavy punishment for them.

But intervening in such a manner, although still wrong, wouldn't bring him any trouble.

There still shouldn't be any demi god on that planet. Not one could be born in such a short span of time.

It would make Drino's job a lot easier, though he would still be punished. But getting a god's favor far outweighed the punishment.

"Then head out immediately. There isn't much time. That divine must have done something to protect his sisters. If you failed…"

The god didn't complete his sentence and soon disappeared.

The surroundings changed. The darkness disappeared and Drino reappeared in his hall along with his throne.

"What's even there to fail? I just need to bring a weak woman back. Something this simple could even be done by my commanders."

But despite the confidence, Drino planned to go there himself.

Although with the restriction of that planet his strength would be slightly lowered, a demi god was still a demi god.

No amount of lords would be enough to kill one.

After giving out orders, Drino instantly left his planet, heading towards the Zoratian planet.

***

"Art, tell us if you need anything. We have shifted all your stuff to a bigger room. With Teresa being with you, you need more space." Ava spoke.

"Son, take care of her. And now, why don't you take over as the monarch of the Yate family? I am sure you are ready." Gunter said.

Whether it be strength or planning, he felt Art was better than himself.

Though the couple were still worried about others secretly attacking Teresa, they had increased the safety to the maximum.

"No, I think you are doing a great job. I can't take responsibility for all this. At least not yet." Vritra refused. He still needed to do a lot after all.

"Alright, I understand. You should just enjoy your life for now then. Once you are ready, you can take over." Gunter said.

They stood some distance away from Vritra and Teresa.

Most of the family members were present there. Young men were looking at him with envious gazes.

At first, those with grudges against him were happy that his life would be finished because of this marriage.

But he ended up marrying the most beautiful woman to ever exist, the most talented sorceress.

"Uhm, h- hello, I am Art's cousin-" Ray stepped forward, introducing himself shyly. He couldn't believe the Stealer of Fate was actually there.

"What?" Teresa interrupted him, her voice sounding rather cold, which instantly made Ray flinch as he hid back into the crowd.

"N- Nothing, haha…" He awkwardly moved back.

'Oh!' Vritra was a bit surprised. He didn't think she could even use such a tone.

But then again, she wasn't a little girl. She had lived for more than ten times Vritra's age.

She was like that only in front of him.

It was certain she didn't have a good impression of most of the Yate family members.

There were a couple of rituals that they performed for a long, happy life together, Ava being the one to help.

Soon, all the family members had left. They all wondered how beautiful Teresa actually must be.

During the ritual, Vritra could feel his wives' gazes, and he knew exactly what they wanted.

He decided that before the game or trial began, he would hold a proper marriage for all his wives.

Teresa returned to her new room. While waiting for her husband, she started arranging her stuff there.

Vritra went to meet Diana and the others. Out of them all, Fiona was the most upset.

Despite the dream they had seen, they wanted a wedding too. Not to mention, they wanted to spend time with him.

❖❖❖