Chapter 624 The Nest

The corridor was flooded with more than ten mutated zombies, all of them looking grotesque.

Vritra checked their strength and even the weakest had most attributes over 3.

Only the spiritual attribute was low for them all.

"We will be moving slowly, if things go wrong then run inside that apartment and hide." Vritra said, tightly gripping the handle of a blade.

The zombies weren't attacking each other for some reason.

Maeve nodded, covering herself and Vritra with shadows as their figures became harder to see in the dimness.

It was time to go stealth mode, he picked a torn shoe from the ground and silently approached.

The zombies really didn't notice them, but he stopped at a distance of 3 meters, fearing that they might smell the two.

Then he threw the shoe towards the other end of the corridor.

THUD

It created a loud noise as the zombies were alerted, they turned and ran in that direction.

Vritra took several long strides and, with all his might, stabbed the knife at the closest zombie's head.

SWISH

The sharp blade cut through the skin, but seemed to have gotten stuck midway into the skull.

'Tch…' Reacting quickly, he punched the knife's back several times as the zombie let out a strange noise before going limp.

It all happened so suddenly the zombie had no time to react.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +53}

[You have slain a mutant creature.]

Instantly a warmth flowed through his body, for a moment making his mind dizzy.

[You have awakened.]

[All stats have increased by 0.5.]

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 1.6)

(Agility: 2.7)

(Endurance: 1.7)

(Spiritual: 1.7)

』

{Sin Points: 200}

Vritra felt the jump in his strength, his muscles became a little more refined.

And a cool sensation filled his mind, making him feel relaxed and heightening his senses.

He was curious about the skill he had received but staying out in the open could be dangerous.

Vritra grabbed Maeve's hand and pulled her towards one of the apartments.

The door was slightly ajar, he pushed it open and glanced inside, then the two walked inside slowly.

"Master, it seems no one is here." Only after making sure did Maeve pull back the shadows.

She was getting used to her skill, though it was still too weak.

"We should be above the house beside the one everyone is present in." Vritra mumbled before looking at his status panel.

『

[Skills]:

[Evomorph]: Based on the situation and your needs, your body could evolve in various ways.

[Blood Manipulation]: The ability to control blood.

』

"Dual abilities?" Vritra smiled faintly, the first one was similar to Mutamorphis but seemed like an upgraded version.

While the second one was completely new, and seemed quite powerful.

Even his mutation bar had increased to 0.5, which also seemed to represent the amount of energy he could use.

"Master, there is nothing in this house, it has already been looted." Maeve had roughly gone through the entire house again, but found nothing.

"Here, have some water." Vritra pulled out a water bottle and handed it to Maeve.

"Thank you master." Maeve smiled sweetly before taking the bottle and drinking some water.

"Wait, where did you get the water from? You still have inventory?" the demoness paused suddenly and asked.

"I will explain it later, let's check the next apartment." He spoke, he could barely hear faint noises from the other apartment.

Opening the door, he glanced out and saw zombies on the corner of the corridor.

"Let's go, master~" Maeve said as she enveloped herself and Vritra with the shadows, she was starting to feel tired now.

They silently moved to the next apartment, thankfully the door wasn't locked.

They swiftly entered and saw a nest of cockroaches, this place was really their home.

And it stank so bad.

"M- Master, this place looks dangerous." Maeve whispered, paused right at the door, it was mostly luck that she managed to kill that cockroach before.

Vritra pulled out the baseball bat from his inventory as he held his breath.

"Just stay hidden for a bit." Right away he charged forward, coming out of the shadows.

***

At the 5th floor of the building, all houses were full of bandit-like men.

They were staying in 2 corridors and planned to ransack all the apartments.

They had cleared up to the ten floors, killing most survivors and looting whatever they could find.

"Where is Lukas's team? Why haven't they reported back yet?" A man with a body made of some metal spoke in a hoarse tone.

"Ron, do you think we should go up and check? What if they encountered some powerful mutant or found some good loot and just decided to steal it."

The thin limping man beside the leader called Ron spoke.

Lukas's team had gone up just to inspect the area and find the situation there.

"Hmm, send another two teams, I don't want any useless casualties so select appropriately." The leader said with a frown, there were a few women seated around him.

But aside from getting to see the beauties he couldn't really do much because of his mutation.

"We shouldn't stay in this region too long, this belongs to the Firebulls and there is also that big guy." The limping man said fearfully.

"Boss, I found these two men, they said they want to join us." Another man knocked on the door.

"Keep them if their ability is useful otherwise kill them."

The limping man walked away to carry out the orders.

***

Up on the thirteenth floor, Vritra smashed the heads of the cockroaches. Most weren't strong enough, and the few only had high endurance.

Before long, Vritra had killed around twenty of them and messages kept popping before him.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +51}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +56}

…

He kept a few alive and killed the rest, this was such a lucky encounter.

Then he spoke towards the hole on the floor: "Diana, Mom, I am throwing the injured cockroaches down, kill them and awaken."

"Alright."

After getting the confirmation from below he began to throw them down.

He threw exactly eight of them.

BANG

BANG

Several sounds rang out, and all the cockroaches were killed.

"Throw their bodies towards my hand." Vritra stretched his hand into the hole.

The others didn't know why, but they still followed his instructions.

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a dead body +19}

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a dead body +20}

…

'Can't miss these points.' he smiled faintly, before standing back up.

"We will be there soon, stay safe and learn more about your skills." He said, thankfully awakening wasn't difficult.

Finally he glanced towards his sin points.

{Sin Points: 2104}

"Nice!" a smile appeared as he gazed at his points, it seemed divine had sent him to a relatively safer area.

A place where it wouldn't be difficult to obtain sin points.

Now he could either use them to purchase 1 attribute point or open a lot of small rewards.

After slight hesitation, he decided to use the wheel for 50 Sin Point rewards.

It wasn't too low, and he could rotate the wheel a total of forty-two times.

If he could get at least 1 attribute, it would be worth it and he could get a lot of supplies too.

"Draw 50 Sin Point rewards, use all the points!!" he said.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios