Chapter 415: Thieves in the Temple

Turning around, Red flew away in disappointment and anger. He really wanted to destroy the whole city but held back on his urges.

"Patience is the key; I need to be virtuous." Red mumbled to himself as he left, but not before killing a few of his Bone Blood Cult’s members.

At this base, almost all of the members had disappeared since lots were trapped in the dimensional book and many were killed by Red, leaving only a few behind.

The forest realm had barely survived the full power attacks of a lord, and it slowly began to heal back.

There was complete silence for a while, and Vritra seemed to have disappeared completely from the entire continent.

After an hour or so had passed, a small portal opened and Vritra peeked out of it.

After making sure that Red had left he heaved a sigh of relief and walked out.

Just now he had escaped into the abandoned realm, not even Red would be able to find him there.

If he pulled Red into that realm then there is a chance that Vritra might have succeeded in killing him, but it was not wise to expose his trump cards without full surety.

"Hoo, well that was some nice action..." Vritra mumbled while stretching his body, then he glanced at his status panel.

[Charged Fist: 39.06%]

In such a short time, the charge had gone quite high, though Red had lost quite a lot of his life force, energy and blood for this.

"First let’s get out of here." Vritra left the realm and once again found himself inside the Bone Blood Cult base, then he flew up and tore through the ceiling.

Getting out, he found himself in a rather desolate area, the houses seemed built recently and no one was inside. Clearly this whole area belonged to Bone Blood Cult.

"..." Before leaving, Vritra began to gather the purple demon god energy over his finger. It was extremely concentrated and destructive, just by using a little energy.

"Well that wasn’t so bad after all." Vritra mumbled as he dropped the tiny sphere of energy and disappeared into the dimensional book.

In the next moment...

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Just as the whole base exploded, killing the few people left behind, another loud explosion sounded from far away.

Vritra glanced there and saw a cloud of flames rising high up in the sky, the explosion there seemed even more deadly.

"I wonder if some dark organisation is behind that. Anyway, let’s deal with the trapped bugs first." Vritra turned and left.

Far away, Yennefer flew into the sky after creating a bloody massacre on the ground. She had killed all the members of the Nine Pact’s branch base and even that Pink’s clone.

Although there were things that confused her, from the information she had gotten, Yennefer was filled with worry.

"Husband, I need to meet him asap and tell him all about this, he needs to leave this place immediately." She mumbled to herself.

She had only heard a little of the plans of different organizations but if things continued like this then Vritra would have no chance of survival.

Her eyes filled with panic as she flew away, not caring about the bloody scene she had left behind.

’Why is it so difficult to find you again, where are you?’ Yennefer thought before disappearing in search of Vritra.

***

Returning to the hotel room, Vritra found Maeve still sleeping soundly.

Without disturbing her, he returned to the book of dimensions and saw the gruesome scene of cannibalism.

Those members of Bone Blood Cult were still tearing off each other’s flesh and eating organs; the leader wasn’t spared either but they were all still alive.

"Bobby, just devour their souls and kill the ones that are close to death, otherwise let them eat each other." Vritra commanded. Even though their bodies were moving with brutality, the terror was clearly visible in their eyes.

After giving the order, he glanced at the survivors—humans and other species, there were even some demons.

"Hmm, should I just let them out?" he wondered, and after a moment decided to give this task to someone trustworthy later on.

Coming out of the book, he first went to take a bath, since his body had the faint smell of blood.

After getting out of the bathroom and getting dressed, he climbed onto the bed and laid back, though it would be quite difficult to sleep now.

Just as he laid down on the bed, the fox demon rolled over and once again tangled with his body, clinging to him tightly.

Vritra turned to face her and embraced her back, pulling Maeve into his arms and closed his eyes.

’Tomorrow is going to be quite chaotic, if things fail then it might get dangerous, otherwise I will be earning a lot of sin points.’ He missed the messages of large amounts of points so much.

If not for that damned Divine, he would be peacefully farming sin points in the White Kingdom and would only move on after maxing everything up.

Surrounded by the softness of Maeve’s body, her warmth and scent quickly calmed him down and it wasn’t long before Vritra fell asleep.

***

As the sun rose, the news about the two explosions spread—even the curfew could no longer hold back the panicked crowd.

And it had become almost impossible for Darius to control everything now. With all the mess he was in, he couldn’t even find a solution.

In the temple, inside the confession booth, the pope was standing on one side while a blonde woman was on the other.

The pope had kept the gate open just a bit.

And outside the confession booth, several workers and guards were standing to hear of the story of lust.

’Sob, why am I getting punished like this? I hate the stench of horny men, it feels like they would come inside at any moment and do something.’ Shitless cried internally.

The booth was surrounded by so many men.

Most of them were middle-aged fat men, the stench of their horny sweat almost made him puke.

’I won’t be reckless from now on, sob so please rescue me someone.’ Shitless begged while he spoke in a sexy and hesitant tone.

"T- Then he pulled my robe from haa, from behind; I thought it was my husband so I..." Shitless read the script given to him by Onest, feeling disgusted at the content.

"A- And? What huff huff What did he do then?" The pope’s labored breath sounded, along with the quick breathing of several other men.

While this was happening in the hall of the temple, three men entered the temple through secret passages wearing black clothes.

Two of the men were thin and tall while one was very fat and short; the three thieves were extremely careful to not raise any alarms.

Onest was here to steal the statue under Vritra’s order. As he entered from the right side, he was already finished with his research.

Ziggy was also here to steal the statue under Vritra’s demand. He got all the information from his father’s underling, who had been spies in the continent for a long time.

And the third thief entered from behind the temple.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...