Chapter 687 Poor Demoness [R-18]

While the policewoman and the nurse were sucking his cock, they suddenly felt it twitch.

"Oh no, he is about to attack, let me handle it! Mmmph~" Yennefer quickly snatched the cock from Maeve and stuffed it deep into her mouth.

SPURT SPURT

Her tongue continued to stimulate it, and then waves of hot, sticky, and thick semen flooded out.

GULP GULP

Enjoying the great taste, Yennefer closed her eyes, drinking it with pleasure.

"No! Damnit, it was for me, ughh how dare you steal it!"

Maeve complained, trying to take it back, but the empress just pushed her head deeper.

"Mmmm~" Yennefer let out mild moans, making Maeve even madder.

The nurse clicked her tongue and sat back, she really wanted to drink it.

Then she glanced at Diana, who was moaning constantly, getting eaten out.

Only she was left out.

Yennefer drank every last drop of her husband's cum, then licked the head clean and sucked the tip to not leave anything behind.

"Haa, I managed to neutralize the weapon in time- oh no, it is ready to shoot again, I guess I will need to use more power!" she spoke, removing her pants.

"No no, this time, first let me treat my patient!" Maeve didn't waste this time, she wasn't wearing any panty under her skirt.

She quickly climbed on top of Vritra, after positioning the tip at her wet entrance, she sat down with a bit too much force.

"Aaannngggggggg~" the already harmed member was pushed into her pussy all the way inside too quickly.

The tip hit the cervix, sending waves of pleasure through her body, her pussy tightly clenched down on the cock.

Vritra groaned lightly, his cock was being squeezed with so much force, the sticky and soft flesh sticking to it.

SLURP

He sucked Diana's love juices, his long tongue scratching against her soft walls, the sweet taste making him feel intoxicated.

The immoral nun tightly held his head, pressing her pussy tighter against his lips.

"Ahhh~ Sinner, h- here comes the sacred nectar, m- make hnnggggg~ sure to drink it all… Mmmph~ all of it haa is for y- you aaaah~"

Diana moaned as she orgasmed.

But even while climaxing, the tongue didn't stop rolling and poking her insides.

Warm sweet juices flowed out of her vagina, shooting out into his mouth with force.

GULP GULP

Vritra hummed as he drank her juices, savouring the wonderful taste, feeling the tightness and warmth of her body around his tongue.

"Haa haa T- That was wonderful…" Diana softly rolled to the side, falling softly, pleasure still coursing through her body.

Vritra licked his lips as his gaze moved to Maeve, who almost climaxed by just taking his cock into her body.

She had used too much force, the hard member entering all the way in.

"Haha You dumb nurse, are you done already?

Let me neutralize the weapon then." Yennefer laughed seeing the demoness's condition.

"Tsk I- I am not done hnnnggggg~ I am going to t- take his seeds, ahhhhh~ fill my b- belly with his hot thick semen!" Maeve said with determination.

Yennefer rolled her eyes, she was sure the demoness wouldn't last long.

She looked at Vritra's face and saw the goddess kissing him passionately.

Their lips connected in a sultry kiss, their saliva mixing up, as the tongues entangled, moving from one mouth to another.

"Heh Miss Nun, are you not yet done doing your rituals?" she asked, Yennefer too wanted to kiss him.

"SLURP N- Not yet Mmmm~ I need to GULP thoroughly cleanse him, Mmmm~ need to remove SLURP all evil mmph~"

Diana couldn't speak properly, her tongue wrapped by Vritra's tongue, their saliva becoming a hot mess.

The two drank the sweet and love filled mixture of their saliva, sucking more desperately and passionately.

Vritra bit her soft tongue, pulling it into his mouth and sucking it, tasting her sweet saliva.

His tongue rubbed against hers, pressing flat over it, as the kiss turned more steamy.

Just seeing the passionate kiss, Yennefer's breathing quickened.

She looked down at Maeve, who was now slowly beginning to move her waist, gently twisting and smashing her vagina over his cock.

'I should help him cum faster…'

Yennefer made up her mind as she unbuttoned her shirt but didn't remove it completely as her breasts popped out.

She leaned onto his chest, pressing her soft boobs against his skin and began to kiss his neck, shoulder, and chest.

The empress bit his skin possessively, her teeth sinking into his skin, then she sucked it with just as much force.

Mmmm~

She pulled back after a minute and glanced at the deep mark she had left over his chest, which seemed to glow against his pale skin.

"My prisoner, I should mark you so everyone knows where you actually belong." Talking double meanings like this really made them excited.

Without breaking the kiss with Diana, he glanced at her sexy face as she continued to pleasure him, biting and sucking all over his neck and chest.

Even licking over his nipples.

Maeve's body bounced over his, before long she climaxed.

"Ahhhhh~ Hnnnggggg~" her loud moans reverberated in the room.

Thankfully, the sound didn't go out, or the people around would have misunderstood and been scared.

They would think a woman was being eaten or something.

As her love juices sprayed over Vritra's body, Yennefer moved away, looking at her with annoyance.

"Get away if you are done, I need to take care of his weapon now.

Ha look at you squirting so hard…" she chuckled, the demoness was too eager earlier and messed up at the first step.

"I- I am going HUFF to make him c- cum" Maeve didn't want to give up, she desperately wanted to feel him fill her up.

Yennefer could only roll her eyes as she continued to tease Vritra to help this poor demoness.

Who would have thought one day she would be helping a demoness so that her husband could cum inside her.

Sigh, time truly is unpredictable.

Maeve felt too sensitive, just barely moving made her reach climax again.

"Fox, tighten it, if you want the delicious cum, then clench with all your might."

Yennefer added, she just wanted to quickly have the cock for herself.

Vritra decided to help the poor demoness, as his hands moved to clutch her butt.

"Wai- Haaaaaaah~ Nnnngggghhh~" her moans got even louder, loud sounds of flesh hitting flesh reverberating in the room.

Maeve climaxed yet again, but Vritra continued to pound her, his cock stuffing deep within.

Foxie used all her strength, tightening her belly and pussy, clenching around the cock as if she wanted to strangle it.

Vritra felt really good, before long his penis trembled.

And finally, he painted her insides white as bursts of brimming hot semen flooded into her, stretching her womb.

Diana fell forward softly, panting after climaxing several times, she loved as her belly was filled with so much of his cum.

Kissing her forehead, Vritra caressed her smooth back.

"Rest for a while, there is no need for the hurry. Ms. Nurse, you are free to examine me as much as you want."

He whispered and bit her ear.

Then laying her to the side, Vritra stood up, it was time to tame the wild policewoman.

"Oh, are you trying to resist?" Yennefer raised her eyebrows, a smug and challenging look on her face.

"Yes, how could I just let myself be captured, it is time to make you surrender instead."

He took her arm and pulled her towards the bed.

Her palms landed over the mattress as Vritra moved behind her, he held her soft butts, spreading them to reveal her glistening pussy.

"Hmm Nice and wet, ma'am were you waiting for something like this?" while speaking he rubbed the tip of his cock against her wet entrance.

Shivers ran through her body as the hot glans rubbed against her labia, the vertical lips trying to take a bite of his cock.

"Hmph no matter what I hnnn~ won't s- surrender, I am going to a- arrest Aaaahh~ you ooh~" her body trembled as Vritra just kept teasing her.

There was such a strong itch inside her pussy, she really wanted him to just push it inside her and get rid of the itch.

"We will see about that, if you will surrender to my dick or not."

Vritra spanked her ass, enjoying the sensation of softness against his palm.

And the sight of her butts bouncing lightly, plus the red mark over her milky ass cheek.

Then he pushed forward slowly, the head burying between her petals, as her pussy welcomed him back.

"I- I am not Hnnnnngggggg~ t- too deep mmm~"

THUMP

Vritra suddenly gave a strong push, shoving the entire length of his cock into her pussy.

He felt the tip strike something very soft deep within, instantly her fleshy walls clenched hard around his dick.

The wetness and folds engulfed his cock, sucking him in, her flesh pulsating and twitching like crazy.

Maeve, who felt a little better now, laughed, now Yennefer would understand her feeling.

The empress's expression had already changed completely from haughty to a very lewd one.

"Oh are you already surrendering? We haven't even started yet, was my weapon too powerful for you?"

Vritra asked, as he slowly pulled back, until only the head remained in her body.

Her pussy walls clung to his cock with such force, making it hard to pull back, thankfully it was quite slippery.

"Ha! I- I would never, I am g- going to squeeze you d- dry Aaaaaaaaaaah~"

SMACK

Vritra thrust forward again with even more force, making her scream in ecstasy, the head pushing into her womb.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios