Chapter 368: Pitied [R-18]

{Sin Point Gained: Pitied +143}

{Sin Point Gained: Gloated +1}

...

Messages after messages popped in front of Vritra, after the empress pulled him into the house and pushed him against the wall.

BANG

The loud noise made others think that the empress had started beating Vritra. Some pitied him, while some enjoyed his misery.

Though Griffith was the happiest of all, he was truly touched by this gesture of his sister-in-law, as soon as she heard that Vritra said abusive things about him she dragged him away.

Previously, he never liked Yennefer because of her attitude, but now, she seemed to be the only person who truly cared for him.

"Sister-in-law, beat that bastard up for me, make him feel what true torture is." He mumbled to himself and glanced at the other two captives and decided to let the empress finish first.

Inside the room, Yennefer’s violent torture had already started. Her soft lips pressed against Vritra, clutching his clothes tightly, as she pressed her body against his.

"Wait, we need to talk firs-" Vritra pulled his lips away and tried to speak but the empress hugged him tightly, silencing him with her lips again.

Her intoxicating scent and smell made Vritra forget about the important stuff for now, as he reciprocated the kiss. His arms wrapped around her soft body as he pushed her back, the two collided with the other wall.

BANG

While sucking his lips, Yennefer pushed her tongue forward, entering his mouth and engaging in a battle with his tongue; once again tasting the sweet saliva.

The two messily pulled at each other’s clothes, tearing them away, and within a few minutes, the room looked as if a storm had passed by there.

With their mouths pressed together, the two were already completely naked.

Pushing her hair back, Vritra kissed her neck, sucking on her milky skin. Yennefer let out a soft moan as he bit on her neck. In the abandoned town, she had already gotten used to not holding back her moans.

Of course, the outsiders couldn’t hear her moans, though they could feel the heavy tremors which made the whole building shake.

Leaving behind several love bites over her neck, Vritra squeezed her breasts before taking her soft pink nipple into his mouth.

His hands roaming over her sultry body, feeling up her sinful curves, as Yennefer reciprocated with the same hunger.

Feeling each other’s skins directly after so many days excited the two. Yennefer hugged his head, as he sucked at her nipple, biting and nibbling on it.

His hands slid down her smooth belly before arriving between her thick thighs as the empress unconsciously squeezed his hand between her flesh legs.

Vritra’s fingers gently touched her moist petals, caressing them and making her body tremble in pleasure.

"Ahhh~ Hmmmm~"

After sucking both her nipples for a while, Vritra continued to tease her vagina, rubbing his finger just around her inner labia.

Then he kissed her delicate lips again, entangling his tongue with hers, as the saliva of the two mixed in a mess moving from one mouth to another.

The empress had her back pressed against the wall; the two were going at it quite wildly, creating a lot of noise.

"Mhmmm~ SLURP" Yennefer’s cheeks hollowed out as she sucked on his tongue, biting on it with some force, while wrapping her own tongue against his.

The passionate and wet kiss continued for a while. As their lips separated, a long line of saliva connected their mouths.

The two were breathing heavily as they gazed into each other’s eyes, their lust and love mixing and reaching max.

A smile spread across her face as she asked:

"Husband, eat me out."

The empress was quite straightforward and wasn’t as shy; she was open with her feelings and needs... most of the time.

"Sure Yenni." Vritra also smiled, as he knelt in front of her. The empress was reminded of the first time Vritra had done this to her.

Inside that inheritance, he had pleasured her and awakened this strange fetish.

Vritra pulled her right leg, putting it over his shoulder as he gazed at her beautiful vagina, his gaze alone making her body twist.

Outside the house, the many people who were observing from the distance were surprised as everything suddenly became silent.

They wondered if Vritra was already dead, but Yennefer didn’t leave even after thirty minutes.

"Don’t tell me-!!" Griffith thought of something, attracting everyone’s attention as he added: "Sister-in-law must be pulling him apart piece by piece.

I had only heard in stories how dangerous she is, hehe serves that bastard right."

Onest was terrified; he didn’t think Vritra would die so easily and so early, he was now truly afraid.

On the other hand, Monk Shitless was rather calm.

Back in the room, Vritra placed his thumbs on either side of her lower lips and pulled them apart, revealing her wet fleshy insides.

Yennefer’s face reddened even more. She might not be shy but she could clearly feel his gaze at her insides, even seeing her folds.

Her body felt so hot but without saying anything, she waited and just closed her eyes, feeling his warm breath.

Finally, Vritra pressed his lips against her petals, feeling the soft and wet feeling as he pulled them into his mouth one by one, almost like kissing a mouth.

"Hnnn~ Hahhh~ Mmmphh~" Yennefer began to release louder moans, as Vritra licked along her petals, teasing her clit.

After teasing the clitoris and petals for a while, Vritra tightly pressed his lips against the petals and slowly inserted his tongue into her pussy.

Yennefer placed her hands over his head, her fingers tangling with his hair, as a shiver went through her body.

His soft tongue rubbed and twisted, poking against her folds while moving deeper and deeper.

SLURP

GULP

Her voice grew louder as he sucked hard, drinking her honey-like juices.

Just like before, his tongue went too deep in her vagina, as her soft fleshy walls squeezed it tightly. Vritra felt the softness and hotness of her insides. It was such a nice feeling.

He continued to eat her out for a while and finally the empress orgasmed, as her love juices flooded out of her cave, rushing into his mouth.

Her body arched forward, her voice ringing inside the entire house.

Vritra’s tongue continued to move and poke deep inside her even as she climaxed, making her expressions look really erotic.

After a few seconds, Vritra finally pulled his lips away from her petals and his tongue slowly slid out of her pussy, giving another pleasurable shiver to her body.

Vritra stood up, hugging her voluptuous body as the empress rested her head over his shoulder, taking deep breaths to calm herself.

Giving her a few minutes of rest, Vritra then pulled her leg up, holding it over his arm as her drenched vagina became completely exposed.

Yennefer gave soft kisses to cheek and neck as her slender arm moved down and held his fully erect member.

"Haa It’s s- so hot and hard Hnn~"

She mumbled, then she rubbed the tip of the penis against her outer labia, teasing her already sensitive pussy.

Her petals would wrap instantly around the tip, hungry to devour his entire member.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...