Chapter 712 The Maze

Vritra looked at the fifty or so creatures, all of their eyes fixed on him.

"I guess it is time to leave." He mumbled, the people in the city were already panicking.

Through the cracks, water was starting to rush inside.

"Sigh This game is anything but normal, first those administrators and protectors, then that crazy Evelyn and now these." Vritra shook his head.

Then he created another bubble, pouring even more energy into it.

While a blood cart formed beside him.

"Get ready, we are leaving this city." He announced as the bubble grew in size rapidly.

The people were overjoyed upon seeing Vritra create another barrier, they prayed to him continuously.

The hammer guy was thumping at the barrier, and it was nearly broken.

Those guys had stats locked at 10,000 but unlike Vritra not all their attributes were maxed out.

Soon the bubble had covered the entire city and the barrier that was about to break was absorbed by it.

Instantly the group sat on the blood cart and quickly flew out of the Renko city, heading towards the next one.

All the criminals were laughing maniacally, the hammer guy paused upon seeing that their prey were coming out.

"Let me handle this." A guy with a bluish goop-like body said, as its body expanded.

"Not with me around kekeke."

Another jumped forward, his height was just a metre and a body that resembled a raccoon but large mechanical hands were present on his back.

There were all sorts of criminals, belonging to different races.

As soon as the blood cart exited, dozens of attacks were launched at them.

But a blood shield wrapped around it.

BOOOM!

The shield was broken the moment all the attacks fell, the cart thrown down into the water.

BOOOM!

The shield was broken the moment all the attacks fell, the cart thrown down into the water.

"Hahaha It's my turn!!" it was a guy with a fish-like tail and a face full of sharp teeth.

He dived straight into the water, claws cutting the water apart, sending water blades shooting forward.

BANG BANG

The blades cut the cart apart as ten figures tried to go up.

"Kek You are not surviving!" another laughed, then screamed, sending a terrifying soundwave that created powerful waves over the flood water.

The figures instantly exploded into a bloody mess, splattering in all directions.

"Haa That was too easy, I didn't even get a chance to taste blood." one spoke, sighing in self pity.

He was locked up for the crime of wiping out a race almost entirely, but was stopped at the last moment.

Licking his blade he looked down and frowned.

"Huh? Why is there only blood? Where are the bones and flesh-"

KCCHH

A metallic hand suddenly tore through his back, and came out of the chest, as a chilling voice sounded in his ear.

"Of course, they are still attached to my body."

Shitless was the one who attacked him.

These guys might be very powerful but some had weak physical defence while others were weak to mental attacks.

Since the opponents were playing unfair, how could Vritra and the others just fight head on?

Shitless pulled his arm back, twisting it around to search for the criminal's heart.

"Ah found it! Onest, will it really explode if I pinch it- ah sorry…" Shitless turned his head and shouted.

On the other hand, Onest was about to sneak up behind an opponent, but because of that shitty monk, he got caught.

"You piece of shieettttttt-"

BOOOM

A blast swept over, throwing him away into the water.

Shitless pulled out his heart, then stuffed it back into the killer's mouth, before punching the jaw from below and kicking from behind.

"Safe journey!!" he shouted, his heavy body falling into the water.

BOOOOOM!!

The criminal's body exploded, sending the surrounding men flying away.

There were also a few female criminals, and their crimes weren't any less heinous than the men.

They too were here to enjoy the freedom and kill.

One of the women with a neck similar to a giraffe, and a body as heavy as a gorilla, was thrown back.

She fell into the water, but suddenly her body froze as a room appeared around her.

Then thousands of shadow tentacles struck her body while waves of spiritual bursts turned her head into mush.

"Aghhhhhhhhhh" she let out a shrill scream.

Her defence towards physical attacks was good but being attacked without being able to defend herself, even her body was torn apart.

Teresa, Maeve and Yasmine worked together to kill her.

They chose their opponents based on weaknesses and had the benefit of initial surprise.

Vritra caught a guy whose entire body was made of tentacles and the fish guy in the water.

His hands grew rapidly, big enough to completely envelop their bodies, using the Evomorph.

Then blood rampaged within his palms, as he launched waves of spiritual bursts to tear them to pieces.

Fiona, Yennefer and Diana managed to kill two more opponents, even so they only managed to kill five opponents.

There were still so many of them, and now that the surprise factor was gone, their locations were completely revealed.

"They are hiding there, attack them at once!!" the hammer guy shouted, he seemed to have taken the role of the leader.

"Hahahaha This is so exciting!! Die die die" a little cute girl with tears falling down her cheeks screamed madly.

All of these guys were complete psychos, only the thought of killing filled their minds.

Vanessa used her ability to trap everyone in a puzzle, now that she had almost reached the point of the 10th evolution, her mazes came to reality.

The scene around them changed, she had moved her family close while spreading those criminals far away from one another.

Though there were some with high spiritual strength who weren't bothered by this puzzle and the strength of some was just too damn high.

Not to mention their skills.

This maze was pretty simple but pretty big, consisting of walls that were as high as the sky.

"Alright let's move together, and kill as many as we can before this maze is destroyed." He said, dodging to the back as a white hair almost pierced into his skin.

Instead, it struck the wall, and instantly thin vein-like structures spread all over it, as the wall started to collapse.

He glanced to the side and saw a creature whose face resembled a hundred or so year old woman and body was completely covered by white hairs.

'What sort of creatures are these even?' he frowned.

But Fiona reacted quickly, sending a flood of red flames bursting out.

The white haired creature was shocked as it tried to flee while creating walls of white hairs, but it was useless.

All the walls were instantly swallowed by the flames and soon the creature itself was burned to death.

These people were certainly very powerful but had such weaknesses.

Thankfully Vritra's group possessed quite a few types of attacks, so long as they didn't have to fight them all at once, this fight wouldn't be life threatening.

Earlier while killing these prisoners, they had not focused on whether they had gained anything or not.

But there really were various messages that had popped before him.

All of them glanced at the messages and were surprised as they read the several lines.

[You have obtained a Blue Crystal.]

[Collect 20 blue crystals to go through the 10th Evolution.]

"Oh, that shouldn't be too hard. But we will have to hunt more." Vritra mumbled upon reading the messages.

They have already obtained six or so crystals.

"Let's keep going." Yennefer spoke, she loves hunting.

Her ability to control all the elements gave her an edge, she could target various types of weaknesses.

While scanning the surrounding, vanessa twisted and shifted the maze to keep the opponents separated.

Soon they came across a giant guy who was directly passing through the walls and was wearing a metal helmet.

His strength and endurance were extremely high but spiritual attribute was very low, but that helmet would protect him against the spiritual attacks.

"Shitless, remove that helmet. And wifey, get ready." Vritra said, he held Yasmine's hand.

Despite the protective charm given by Divine, her safety was still a big concern of his.

"Okay!" Shitless and Onest both sped up, while Teresa created a room around the big guy to freeze him.

Then Shitless jumped up and smashed hit body into the helmet, while Onest's sped up and pulled the criminal's leg.

With the combined effort, they were able to pull away the helmet that was stuck to its flesh.

Instantly, Vritra and Yasmine bombarded it with spiritual bursts.

A drop of blood floated high which instantly broke into countless tentacles that stabbed into his body.

Maeve, Fiona, Yennefer, all of them attacked at once and the giant creature couldn't even move because of Teresa's ability.

And soon, it got killed too.

[You have obtained a Blue Crystal.]

"Be careful, I will be back asap." Vritra spoke as his body transformed into the blood demon form.

In an instant he disappeared from there, flying at the full speed.

Vritra decided to go all out and wipe all these prisoners.

Or at least first gather 20 blue crystals, but the evolution might take long so they would have to wait for the fight to end anyway.

Like a flood of blood, he flew while attacking all the enemies around.

Six or seven of them were attracted, all of them attacking him at once.

But Vritra was ready, his body transformed into a gigantic blood demon, as he stomped onto one.

Despite growing in size, his agility was still just as fast.

BOOOOOOM

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...