Chapter 455: Devil’s Puppet-1 [R-18]

[A/N: If you want to skip this play, you totally can, it would just be 2-3 chaps long, and slightly more lewd.]

The Sacrifices My Sister Made, Devil and Us!

Vritra: "..."

He opened the book and scanned through the content, his eyebrows rising in surprise.

"Your tastes sure are evolving." He muttered after reading the part they wanted to play.

"Uh... It’s fine if you are not comfortable with it, you don’t have to do it, dear." Diana said, though her eyes said otherwise.

"Haa, we can do it, what’s the worst that can happen? At most I would just fall in my own eyes, unable to look at myself in the mirror."

Vritra joked, passing the book back, wondering where they were even getting such content in this city.

***

I am Fiona, just 19 years old and this year my college was about to start.

I have an older sister, Diana, who loves me a lot. Some time ago, our parents crashed into an aeroplane and disappeared, leaving us with enormous debt.

We would have to spend millions of dollars just to become broke, not to mention those thugs that would come to our house often for money.

Our life was supposed to be over, but to protect me, my sister made a deal with the devil.

He paid off all our debts, but my sister became his toy. Of course, I wasn’t aware of any of it. She just made excuses about the sudden changes.

While returning home from my college, I seemed to hear my sister’s voice.

So I stopped to check; it was a house that belonged to the devil, the biggest criminal of the underworld.

I opened the door slightly and peeked inside, there I saw my sister standing humiliated in front of that very devil.

’W- What’s she doing here?!! I- It’s the devil?’ Fiona was utterly shocked by this scene.

The street was bustling with people, and the sound of the two was clearly audible outside.

"Diana, you know that you have to come when and where I tell you to, right?" The devil spoke, holding her chin between his thumb and finger.

"I- I am sorry, I was outside the city. N- Next time, I won’t be late." Diana muttered, not meeting his gaze.

"You see, we made a deal and according to it, you are mine to do with as I please for the next twenty years.

If you continue with your rebellious behaviour in the future, I might as well make you two sisters disappear forever." Vritra spoke, his eyes narrowing dangerously.

"No! D- Don’t do anything to Fiona, I am b- begging you. I won’t make a mistake ever, please just do whatever you want with me." Diana pleaded, her body shaking in terror.

’Deal? My sister made a deal with him? So that’s how she paid off our debts? S- She has been tormented by this Devil all this time?’ Fiona was utterly shocked, looking at her sister with tears in her eyes.

Just for her, she was even going as far as to be someone’s slave. But being powerless, with no one to depend on, Fiona could just clench her fists and glare at Vritra but couldn’t even protect her sister.

’She is trying to protect me, I have to protect her too.’ Fiona thought with resolve, ready to do whatever it takes to save her.

Vritra, still grabbing her face, pressed his lips against her with force. At this point, Diana had even stopped resisting, but she just stood there with her eyes shut.

"Alright, I will forgive you this time. But you still need to receive your punishment and try not to be too loud or everyone outside will be watching a good show today."

Vritra said, as he glanced towards the eye visible outside the door.

This was all just a setup by the Misty Essence, and even the people roaming around were nothing more than illusions.

"I understand." Diana replied pitifully.

As Vritra started taking off her clothes, she just stood there motionlessly, feeling utterly humiliated as his gaze and hands roamed over her naked body.

’This will be over soon, I have to do this to protect my sister.’ She reminded herself, the same thing she did before every session when he called her.

Then he pushed her onto the bed, tying her hands behind her back, and wrapping a silk cloth around her eyes.

Then Vritra removed his own clothes, climbing onto the bed, he gazed at her beautiful body.

"Aww, how helpless you look, I wonder what would happen if your sister were to see you like this. Maybe I should turn her into my plaything too."

Vritra said, using a feather to tickle over her cleavage and belly.

"NO! Just use me, please I can satisfy you." Diana begged, with her eyes covered, it was like her body had become more sensitive.

"Hmm, that’s the spirit, be honest, you enjoy this right? Getting your body toyed with by me, having your pussy ravaged by me every single day."

After speaking he chuckled, his fingers drifting down her body and stopping over her vagina.

"Haha, did you just get wet by just hearing my voice? What an obedient plaything you are." Vritra spoke, looking at his finger which was glistening with her juices.

"..." Diana bit her lip, utterly embarrassed, she had been through this so many times but it was still just as humiliating.

She had always been afraid that she might actually start to enjoy it or maybe she already had.

Vritra leaned forward, holding her face in place and giving a lick to her lips.

"Mmm, as sweet as ever, your body never disappoints. I still remember the first time, you were begging me to not kiss you, how you wanted to save your first kiss for your future man, hah so cute.

Now open your mouth." Vritra ordered.

Diana’s fists were clenched tightly behind her back, she really hoped to keep some sort of dignity to which she could cling and maintain her sanity but this devil had taken it all away.

Slowly, her trembling lips parted and her fearful tongue became visible, hiding deep inside.

"Anngggg- Mmmmph~"

Vritra gave a tight squeeze to her squishy boobs, before taking her lips into his mouth, silencing her moan.

Their lips pressed tightly with intense friction, as Vritra’s tongue forcefully pushed into her mouth, entering like a storm, lapping over her tongue.

Vritra pinched her nipple, feeling the buds turning harder between his fingers.

"Ummm~ SLURP GULP Hmmmm~" her breath was stolen, and she couldn’t help but swallow the mess of their saliva while trying to breathe.

Vritra broke the kiss for a moment, as she sucked in a deep breath.

"Dear Diana, if you just keep lying there motionlessly, then I just might get bored of you and you don’t want that right? So you should try a little harder." He spoke.

Diana gritted her teeth, Fiona was her greatest weakness and he just knew how to push her past her limits. She could only do as he said.

So her pink lips once again parted, inviting his tongue with desperation.

As their lips met once again, Diana was a lot more active, her tongue entangling with his as she sucked and nibbled over his tongue.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...