Chapter 637 First Tragedy

Vritra and the others were shocked watching Butcher slit the woman's throat and then throw her on the bridge.

His laughter rang as the carriage drew away quickly.

"That bastard!" Vritra cursed before shouting: "RUN!"

Without caring about the darkness or anything, the group sprinted forward at full speed.

Pausing beside the woman, Diana tried healing her while Vritra quickly threw away the accumulated blood and stopped the bleeding.

"S- She is already dead…" Diana muttered, even if it's the apocalypse, how could a life become so cheap?

From the distance, Butcher who was still seeing them was shocked to see so many beautiful women there.

'What a waste, damnit I should have just killed him haa' Butcher felt really bad seeing that all those beauties were about to die.

They felt even more enraged towards that guy, but right now, they have to quickly leave or—

'Wait, did the snoring of the mutant pause?' Vritra's heart skipped a beat as he noticed it.

Without even glancing back, he created a blood rope which quickly tied around everyone's hand.

"Let's hurr—"

ROAARRRRRRR

A terrifying roar resounded far and wide as the noise of ice breaking sounded, the mutant was awake!!

Vritra, full of rage, pulled at the blood rope and sprinted forward at full speed.

But the mutant had already smelled the blood and was hungry.

Glancing back, he finally got to see the large mutant. Its body was thin but its arms had such long claws, it was impossible to relate it to any living thing.

Maybe it was a sea creature who had mutated and moved out, its body just looked like a large piece of meat wrapped by several layers of makeshift skin.

BANG BANG

The mutant swung its arms around, it had been asleep for too long and had now gone mad because of starvation.

The metallic ropes holding the hanging bridge began to snap one after another, the sharp claws even cut off a big part of the bridge.

This thing was too terrifying, despite Vritra's best effort he couldn't run far before the bridge began to swing violently.

It wouldn't be a problem if he was alone but carrying everyone else while making sure of their safety, greatly slowed him.

BOOOM

Finally unable to hold on, the bridge snapped around the tall mutant, and Vritra and all the others were thrown towards the river instantly.

They landed heavily onto the ice surface but it seemed the ice was not as thin as they expected.

Cracks appeared over it but it held on.

"Keep moving!" Vritra rose to his feet, but just then the large monster and a part of the bridge also landed heavily.

BAANNNGGGG

The ice finally snapped, and all ten of them were instantly drowned in the freezing water.

Quite a few mutant fishes and aquatic mutants rushed in their direction, attacking the humans and the large mutant.

They coughed, feeling the cold water rushing into their bodies.

All of them tried to rush up towards the surface, thankfully the blood rope still kept them all close.

[Evomorph Activated!]

Vritra suddenly felt a warm current pass through his body, his body undergoing a quick mutation.

Within moments, he could actually breathe under the water and felt quite agile.

Even his eyes adjusted and he also started to get used to the cold.

With urgency in his heart, he pulled at the blood rope to pull everyone.

SNAP

But somehow the rope snapped, and Vritra could feel the presence of a dangerous mutant there.

His heart thumping wildly, he swam at full speed.

Catching the ones closest to him first while making the heads of many mutant fishes explode.

Yennefer also used her water and air attributes and adjusted quickly, she saw the situation and began to help others.

Teresa created a room around her and held her breath, she glanced around but couldn't see anything.

Moving quickly, Vritra grabbed Fiona and Diana's hands before pulling them up.

He created a surface from blood and pushed them onto it.

Then he dived again.

Yennefer pulled Vanessa and Teresa, pushing the two onto the same platform.

"Haa haa" taking deep breaths, she too went back into the water.

Onest somehow managed to rise up to the surface, no creatures in the water could touch him.

Vritra swam towards Yasmine and Shitless while Yennefer swam towards Maeve.

A long arm which seemed like a tentacle suddenly appeared from the depths of the water, rushing quickly towards Yasmine.

'Noo!!' Vritra kicked hard, rushing in her direction while shooting out blades made of blood.

But that creature's defence was too high, the blades couldn't even cut through its skin.

Shitless was holding his breath, rapidly swinging his arms and legs to move up.

He too seemed to notice the tentacle. Turning with all his might, he pushed Yasmine away.

The tentacle wrapped around his feet and dragged him away into the darkness.

Vritra's eyes opened wide, he quickly held Yasmine before sending a rope made of blood forward.

But it wasn't fast enough, within moments, Shitless disappeared from his sight.

Swimming up, he brought the dragoness to the surface at the same time as Yennefer.

He quickly looked at them and saw that except Shitless, everyone had climbed up.

"Climb up, I will be back in a moment." Vritra said before going down at full speed.

"Wait husband—" Yennefer called out, but he was already gone.

She climbed onto the blood platform and began to help others.

Vritra killed dozens of mutant fishes, but earning sin points was the last thing on his mind.

He went deeper and searched around but there was no trace of Shitless.

As he moved deeper the number of mutants increased, and he began to feel uncomfortable because of the coldness and water pressure.

Vritra still kept searching, but Shitless was really gone.

After he couldn't hold on, Vritra moved back up.

HUFF HUFF

He took long breaths before climbing up to the platform, his mind feeling like a mess.

"W- Where is monk Shitless?" Yasmine asked, she knew it was him who saved her at the last moment.

"… I couldn't find him." Vritra said, a deep frown on his face and a terrible feeling settling in his heart.

Although Shitless was full of troubles, both Onest and he were his best friends, almost like brothers.

He had brought them here so they could grow as well and not lag behind, but now…

The big mutant had drowned into the water and had disappeared, though it probably wasn't dead.

"We… have to keep moving." Vritra said, he wanted to keep searching but that would put everyone in danger.

And Shitless might already be dead.

The mood of the group sank, Yasmine felt especially bad, he disappeared while saving her.

For a few moments all of them just sat there, their minds devoid of any thoughts.

Yennefer used the air attribute to push the blood platform forward as the group moved away from there.

They remained completely silent during the remaining short journey.

In such a short time and they had already lost someone, this was a harsh lesson of an apocalyptic planet.

And the treachery of the human heart, they all felt sad and angry.

Before long they had drifted to the land, Shitless the talkative member of the group was gone, and the group felt especially empty.

❖❖❖