Chapter 140: Luck Overload

Within seconds, he threw away all the fingers and now had eight rings in his hands. Taking a deep breath and calming his wildly beating heart, Vritra decided to check them all one by one with his appraisal skill.

[Appraisal Activated.]

『

[Azar Ring of Protection] (Broken)

[Description]: Activates a protective barrier in life-threatening situations.

++++++++

』

Vritra read one ring’s description after another, and he was surprised that despite having all kinds of treasures, the king had died so easily and without a noise. The person who had murdered him must be very strong—probably even a legion-ranked.

And finally...

『

[Ring of Genesis’s Blessing]

[Description]: One-time-use item. Upon usage, the luck of the user would increase by thirty times for ten seconds.

』

"Oh!! So the rumors were true after all. Aldric did possess a treasure that could momentarily increase a person’s luck, but the time is too short." Vritra calculated in his mind and came to the conclusion that in ten seconds, he could rotate the wheel over ten times.

And the chances of him getting a reward should also increase quite a bit because of this great treasure.

"I guess beggars can’t be choosers. Well, we have to be happy with what we got," Vritra mumbled to himself. This was still a wonderful object.

First, he checked the total Sin Points available now.

{Sin Points: 2,892,163}

Without wasting any time, he purchased ten keys and spent exactly one hundred thousand points. It was better to use it as soon as possible—who knows what kind of danger he might encounter next.

He placed all the other rings into his inventory and wore the Genesis’s Blessing. He took a long breath and looked around himself to find a better location to rotate the Gacha.

{Sin Points: 2,792,163}

(Sin Keys available: 10)

Vritra flew a bit further away and stopped at the entrance of the forest. There were no people around, at least for a few hundred meters.

"Good luck," Yasmine said before going silent. She too felt a bit anxious; if he could draw a couple of good skills, then his strength would greatly increase instantly.

Vritra got ready. The moment he used the ring, he would have to use all the keys simultaneously. He hoped to get at least one good thing from this drawing—he would just be happy if he could get one.

[Used Ring of Genesis’s Blessing.]

[Your luck has increased by thirty times for ten seconds.]

Vritra moved as fast as he could, inserting one key after another into the Divine Sin Wheel. Messages popped in front of him, but he ignored them all and did his best not to waste even a second.

[Used 10 Sin Key, Sin Keys left: 0]

Exactly after the ten seconds had passed, the ring faded into tiny pieces of energy and disappeared completely, and Vritra’s luck returned to normal.

He took several long breaths to calm himself, and finally decided to see the ten messages that had popped consecutively.

He glanced uninterestedly towards the first message.

{Better Luck Next Time!!}

"Damnit," Vritra cursed and then said, "Yasmine, you read the messages and tell me if there is anything good. My luck can’t be that shit, right?"

Vritra ignored the nine remaining messages and showed them to Yasmine, his heartbeat increasing slightly. But because of Serene Mind he could still remain calm.

{Sin Point Gained: Surprised +1}

"WOAHHH!!" In the next moment, Yasmine let out a loud surprised gasp. Vritra released his long breath, shaking his head in disappointment.

"So I am a failure. Even with that ring, my luck’s so shitty that I drew nothing? Even you are shocked by that shitty luck, right?" Vritra drowned in self-pity as he looked at the starry sky, which was covered by clouds.

"My luck’s so bad, I can’t even see the stars. My luck’s so bad, I—" Vritra continued like a broken poet, writing poems about the tragedies of his life.

Yasmine rolled her eyes, laughing at his behavior before she muttered, "Don’t be so dramatic, just look at the messages."

Finally, with his shoulders drooped, Vritra looked at the nine messages.

{Better Luck Next Time!!}

{Better Luck Next Time!!}

{You have acquired the Hybrid skill—}

Vritra paused reading in the middle, as a big smile got plastered across his face. The word Hybrid instantly brought joy to him, even making him forget about the conspiracy he might have already become a part of.

Just look at ’Shift’—that is a terrifying skill, so he was super happy to obtain one. Even if it was the only skill he got, he wouldn’t complain anymore.

Maintaining the big smile, he continued to read.

{You have acquired the Hybrid skill Intra Shuffle!!}

{Better Luck Next Time!!}

{You have acquired Passive Skill Elegy Parasite!!}

{Better Luck Next Time!!}

{Better Luck Next Time!!}

{You have acquired the Potion: Pulse Reversal!!}

{Better Luck Next Time!!}

{Better Luck Next Time!!}

{You have acquired the Active Skill SUCK! SUCK! SUCK!}

...

{Sin Point Gained: Got Baffled +1}

"F-Four rewards?!!" Vritra almost dropped from the sky, but this time not because of trauma—but because of joy.

"..." With wide eyes, he stared at the screen, then rubbed his eyes and looked again. Those rewards remained there. It really wasn’t a dream.

"Thank you, King Aldric. At least after your death, you are atoning for your sins. This was a great parting gift from you to me," Vritra said, and he finally forgave the king. How could he not when he had received such great rewards?

"Don’t waste any time, let’s see what these things are," Yasmine said impatiently, her curiosity and excitement just as high as his.

Vritra smiled from ear to ear and nodded. He glanced over the rewards and decided to start with the potion, since it must be a one-time-use item, so he had to be careful with this thing.

『

[Pulse Reversal]

[Description]: A potion that could bring a corpse back from the dead within three days of dying.

』

The description was pretty clear and easy to understand, and Vritra was surprised by its effect. It was a miraculous potion—a highest-grade treasure. Bringing a dead person back to life—isn’t it something only the gods can do?

"..." Vritra read the short description several times and felt his heart leap with joy. A god-tier reward indeed. He felt so happy that he had a strong urge to test it upon himself right there and then—but he calmed his overly excited heart and pulled out the potion from his inventory.

It was stored in a glass bottle the size of a palm. The potion was red in colour and seemed to be sparkling even in the darkness of the night.

"Oh, I had heard about such a potion, but it was more like a myth since creating it is near impossible. What a great thing..." Yasmine mumbled in awe. Just this one thing was worth a lot of trouble.

Vritra placed it back into his inventory, worried that it might accidentally slip from his hands in the excitement. He would have to hang himself on a crucifix and nail his arms and feet if that were to actually happen.

"Now, let’s see what we have got here." Vritra rubbed his palms together in excitement and looked at his new skills.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...