Chapter 125: Again? Just Throw me away directly, why dont you?

Vritra sat on the ground beside Fiona, while on his left his only friend—Zengis—was sitting along with one of its two new friends, Bob.

The stone with a face on it attracted a few gazes, but no one paid it too much attention, while Bob looked just like a metallic ball—no one paid it any attention.

Fiona heaved a sigh of relief upon seeing that Max hadn’t seen Vritra hold her hand, then she looked down and saw that the small cut had disappeared from her milky skin.

After Vritra’s healing skill had increased in level, he could even use it on others to heal, though the effects weren’t as great.

Though reluctant, she still decided to thank him.

"...Thank you—wait, what are you doing here? And when did you arrive?" she asked. The more they met, the more mysterious he seemed.

"I came to meet you, of course. And I arrived here when Max was shouting at you. His love language sure is strange," Vritra said with a chuckle.

Looking around at his classmates, he realized how peaceful their lives had been so far compared to his own. They were killing the captured demons in such a safe environment. At most, they would only receive minor injuries—there was absolutely no danger to their lives.

{Sin Point Gained: Surprised +1}

"Meet me? Why?" Fiona asked, glancing back at Max, who was running around and busy fighting an orc.

"Hmm, did you forget or are you just pretending?" Vritra shook his head and then added, "Did you forget we had a deal? The special game? Does any of it ring a bell?"

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

"Ah... that’s—" Fiona suddenly remembered. The ecchi game. Her cheeks instantly reddened slightly. A part of her—the part that is twisted, curious, and horny—really wanted to see what this ecchi game of his was going to be.

But the other part, which was still loyal to Max, made her feel ashamed and guilty for even having that thought. How could she ever betray Max?

"What are the two of you talking about?" Just then, an enraged voice sounded.

{Sin Point Gained: Enraged +1}

Both Vritra and Fiona looked up and saw Max, who was slightly dirty with blood of the orcs, walking towards them with a deep frown on his face.

Fiona tried to hide her face, which was blushing heavily, and Vritra remained casual, not caring about his existence.

Max felt so angry that he just wanted to cut Vritra to pieces. He was always lingering around Fiona, even though she was already in love with Max.

"Ah... he just arrived here, h-he was just telling me about uhm..." Fiona panicked and didn’t know what to say. Their relationship was already turning so bad, she didn’t want Max to misunderstand anything.

"I was just confessing my love to her, actually," Vritra said, shrugging his shoulders.

"Y-Yes, he was confessing his love—huh?" Fiona just repeated his words, only to be surprised by it. Won’t these words just increase the misunderstanding? She was even blushing!!

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +1}

"... " Max clenched his fists so tight that his knuckles turned white, his nails cutting the skin of his own palm. It was exactly as he thought—that ugly Vritra really was here to steal his lover. How could he allow such a thing to happen?

{Sin Point Gained: Cursed +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Ridiculed +1}

"You janitor, stay away from her... if you don’t want to get beaten up—" Max glared at Vritra and threatened but was interrupted by Vritra, who laughed and asked:

"Beaten like last time? Damn, you are too scary, sir. Do you plan to kill me by tickling with those cute electric shocks?"

{Sin Point Gained: Dazed +1}

"Hah, you dodging monkey! Had you not been dodging all over the place, then you would already be toast." Max retorted, his face burning with humiliation.

"Oh my god, I didn’t know this is how the game is played. So I needed to stand still and get hit by your attack? How silly of me. I understand now.

Sir Max, you’re clearly destined for greatness... I can already see it: demons lining up, patiently waiting their turn to get poked by your mighty thunder tickle!" Vritra said and clapped his fist into his palm with exaggerated realization.

{Sin Point Gained: Speechless +1}

"You!! Shut up! You can merely move the dust and clean the floors. I don’t need to hear that from someone like you!" Max shouted. He didn’t want to admit it, but even he knew that Vritra was somehow a tiny bit stronger than him.

"Fiona, let’s go." Max glared at Vritra and then extended his right hand towards Fiona. He could keep his red flag act for later, but not now.

[Natural Hypnosis Activated.]

Fiona smiled.

Seeing him act like that, she felt that he still was in love with her—it made her happier. She nodded and was about to take his hand when she remembered something...

Jace and Tyler’s words—and a disgust rose from within her body. Even if she felt it was all false, her outstretched hand retracted in haste, leaving Max standing there with his right hand extended towards her with a shocked expression.

Seeing his face, Fiona instantly regretted doing that.

"Ah—I was... I was going to kill more demons." Fiona stood up on her own and dusted her clothes, cursing herself for believing in the nonsense for even a moment.

"Alright, let’s hunt together." Max pulled his hand back and nodded with his old kind smile, before glaring at Vritra again and turning away to leave.

"Haha. Are you just going to walk away again? Too scared of me, electro boy?" Vritra’s mocking tone made Max’s feet halt. A boy in love—or any normal boy—tends to act stupid and angry when they are insulted in front of a girl, especially if it’s someone they love.

{Sin Point Gained: Snapped +1}

Max’s face turned red and his body shook in anger. He wanted to tear apart that hateful face and then strangle him to death.

"Fine, tell me what is it you want? Do you want to fight again?" Max glanced at Fiona, and seeing that she had also heard Vritra, he couldn’t stop himself from acting tough.

’Ughh... Not again...’ Fiona felt a headache.

The previous price hadn’t been paid yet and her stupid lover was about to start it all over again. She wondered if he wanted to push her to Vritra that badly. Why don’t you just throw me at him directly.

Why was he so stupid? Can’t he see how powerful and smart Vritra is?

How could the difference between max and Vritra be so huge.

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +1}

He could easily manipulate this blockhead.

"Hmm. How about we keep things simple this time? Instead of a fight, how about arm wrestling?" Vritra said and stood up, his eyes holding a mocking look that irked Max even more. He put Zengis back into inventory and Bob silently disappeared into his shadow.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Taunted +1}

"Good, good. You won’t be able to jump around like a darn monkey that way." Max grinned. He was quite confident in his physical strength—that’s the place where he had been putting most of his free points, after all.

____________

Thanks for reading...