Chapter 570 The House

Vritra gazed at the various things stored in different barriers before him, since he had already broken into one of the safest banks.

What choice was there other than taking all the items with him?

And Zihong was locked away anyway, wouldn't it be such a waste?

So as a good person, Vritra decided to do the right thing and help out that poor demi god.

Walking up to the first barrier, Vritra paused. He couldn't clearly see the contents inside, but there was a small pillar beside each barrier.

Exactly similar to the ones that were used to open the door.

'I guess I need the key to open each of these.' Vritra thought and took out Zengis from his inventory.

"Zengis, even if you are just a key, we will still be friends." He muttered before putting the stone on the pillar, but the barrier didn't open.

Vritra frowned. Picking up Zengis, he tried putting the key in every way possible, but the barrier remained as it was.

"What's going on? Was Zengis the key only for the outer door? What about these barriers wait, don't tell me!!" Vritra pulled Zengis's girl from his inventory.

Then he sat Pinky on the pillar and instantly the barrier buzzed and disappeared.

"So even my best friend's wife was set up by Divine?" Vritra sighed, wondering just how much planning Divine had put in from the beginning.

Finally, he glanced at the object revealed under the barrier, and it was a… toy house?

"What is this?" Vritra picked up the toy house, which seemed to be made of some blackish stones.

"This is your new house, do you like it?" Divine asked.

"… And how do I use it?" Vritra shifted to the dimensional book and then inserted some mana into it, but nothing happened.

"Just put a drop of your blood on it, and you will have a brand new house. Just know that Zihong has gone through a lot to obtain this house." Divine replied.

"…" Vritra drew a drop of blood from his finger and let it fall over the toy house, then he waited.

[You have obtained the House of Darkness.]

[Would you like it to transform to its original form?]

"Yes." Vritra nodded as the small house drifted away from him, and then it started growing.

Bigger and bigger…

Within moments, it had turned into a large building, more lavish than any palace he had seen before.

The walls seemed to be burning with dark flames, yet the house itself had a cozy feeling.

There were quite a lot of rooms, and Vritra could feel that he could change most things about it as he wished.

He kept the rooms limited. There was one big room where he would sleep with all his wives.

And each of them also had their separate rooms, the doors would lead them directly to the place they had set.

So now, his wives would be easily able to go back and forth between the kingdoms and their new house.

There were statues, paintings, countless stone guards, and whatnot. Such a luxurious house would be a very precious treasure in most places.

Each of the stone guards had power similar to or above that of a lord, and there were at least five thousand of these guards.

It was just impossible for Vritra to explore the house in such a short time, so he decided to check it out properly later with his wives.

First, he needed to see what other good stuff he had kept here.

'Divine did promise me about giving a house, so Drino's attack, that Nuclear Fist punch, and everything was all under his calculations?' Vritra wondered just how strong Divine had become.

He too was just a transmigrator in the beginning, but survived many games and transformed completely after the tragedy of losing both his sisters.

Leaving the big house in his dimensional book, Vritra returned to the locker room. There were still a few barriers he needed to check.

Picking up Pinky from the pillar, he placed her over the second pillar, and instantly the second barrier disappeared.

"What are these now?"

A big mountain of small spherical cores was revealed, but they weren't mana cores. Yet they seemed to be filled with some sort of strange energy.

"That is the currency used everywhere in the world. These are shards, and once the game starts, you will know just how valuable these shards are." Divine explained.

"Hmm, there are so many of them here. How much do you think it's worth?" Vritra looked over the mountain and could tell that there were roughly five hundred thousand shards.

"This is the lifetime savings of a demi god who had played five games, and before leaving he had taken the biggest loan from the World Bank." Divine answered.

"Does that mean he was at level 5? And what is it about the loan?" Vritra asked, throwing back the shard onto the mountain.

After a pause, Divine replied, "He took the biggest loan since if he becomes a god, the debt will be settled without paying back anything.

The time limit was quite long, so he was sure that he could find those things on the Zoratian planet and become one of the gods. Unfortunately, he failed."

Then he added, "So this is a lot of money, like really a lot."

"Nice, I am rich again!" Vritra exclaimed and safely teleported all the shards into his inventory. They might not be useful for now, but surely would be later on.

Then he moved towards the third barrier. Using Pinky as the key, the barrier disappeared, and only an emblem with strange patterns was present inside.

"What is this now? Is this some protection token or something?" Vritra questioned as he picked up the emblem. It was rather heavy for its size.

"Something like that, but it is more of a status symbol. Keep it safe, this emblem will be very helpful after the game starts." Divine spoke.

Vritra nodded. So this would give him more privilege and authority, a good thing indeed.

He threw it into his inventory but then shifted it to the divine realm so no one could sense its presence and locate him.

"This is turning out better than I expected." Vritra rubbed his hands together and moved towards the fourth barrier after picking up Pinky.

He unlocked the fourth barrier, and tiny pieces of cubes were revealed there. The quantity was in the hundreds of thousands, and they certainly weren't just glyphs.

"What about this?" Vritra tried using appraisal on them but didn't really get any information.

"These are even more precious than all that money. They could be said to be a part of the first Mythic Halo and could be used in the creation of all sorts of things." Divine answered.

"I see, they won't be of much use to me, but… I am sure they would be helpful for Tess." Vritra mumbled, then questioned, "It wouldn't be a problem to bring my wives out, right?"

"Yeah, they can't sense anything happening here, so you are fine." Came the reply.

Vritra scanned the divine realm and saw the group of women who were standing together with worry on their faces.

Yasmine was already awake and out of the bubble. It was very sturdy, but Tess was able to bring her out without breaking it.

Except for Yennefer, all his wives were perfectly fine.

Vritra directly teleported all of them into the locker room. The six women were surprised as they looked around in confusion.

"Master, where are we?" Maeve muttered, but then asked hurriedly, "Are you okay?"

"Honey…" vanessa tightly embraced Vritra then looked over him, sighing in relief upon finding no injuries in his body.

"Yeah, I am perfectly fine, and we are inside the locker room of the World Bank." Vritra started explaining everything to them.

"Hubby, I ended up creating trouble for you…" Yasmine hugged Vritra. She could only imagine how much he must have suffered against that demi god.

"Wifey, it's not your fault. Also, there is more you need to know…" Then he told Yasmine about her past life relation with the Divine.

"W What? He was my brother? Is that why those demons wanted to kill me so badly? And my parents had to sacrifice themselves?"

Yasmine had always felt that those attacks on the dragon kingdom and her parents' deaths were somehow related to her, but now she knew it was all because of her.

Vritra hugged her tighter, caressing her head gently as he spoke in a soothing tone, "Don't blame yourself. It's all because of that bastard Divine. You are a victim in this too, and from now on everything will be better."

After consoling Yasmine for a few minutes, the two separated. Vritra looked at Teresa and spoke, "Tess, take all these. I think they would be of use to you."

Teresa finally glanced over the mountain of tiny cubes and a surprised expression appeared over her face. It seemed she really recognized them.

"Is it really fine?" She really wanted to take those cubes but hesitated.

"Yeah, it's perfectly fine. They are yours. Create whatever you want." Vritra spoke.

Without wasting any time, Teresa put them all into her inventory, eager to try creating various things from them.

Then, using Pinky, Vritra unlocked the next barrier and found a big mountain of weapons and armor.

There were all sorts of equipment, most of them being at the lord rank.

Any of these weapons would be treated as rare treasures back on the Zoratian planet, but here was a heap of it all.

There were some even higher level ones, but for now Vritra just stored them in his inventory.

He planned to give a few to his wives and let Goop devour the rest.

Then he moved to the next barrier. After unlocking it, two objects appeared before Vritra.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...