Chapter 225: Setbacks

BOOOOOM!!!

’NOOOOO!!’ All of a sudden, the chimera’s body exploded. Vritra could only clench his fists as he stood there silently for a few seconds. They were so close to success.

He had planned to keep that soul wraith for a long time, and seeing it explode felt really bad. After a brief silence, Vritra sighed and ordered: ’Dark Knight, Hellmancer... Absorb it.’

Inside the labyrinth, Dark Knight and Hellmancer had already expected this outcome at the last minute.

Upon receiving Vritra’s order, Hellmancer chanted a spell with great difficulty, without pausing the absorption of the demon lord’s energy.

Then all the energy from the Chimera’s body was squeezed back into a tiny core that hovered beside the demon lord’s core, and the two continued to absorb more energy.

’Damnit, that was a good soul wraith and now I am in such a bad mood. Why can’t anything ever go according to plans?’ Vritra cursed internally.

"It’s alright hubby, we are bound to face a few setbacks on our journey. Look at me, I am nothing more than a weak soul now, so there is nothing wrong with losing. We are together, and together we can fight anything." Yasmine spoke, her sweet voice soothing.

’Hmm... Thanks. Though I was aware of the dangers of trying it, seeing the chimera die just made me feel frustrated. I am fine now.’ Vritra said, as he took control of his emotion, his mind becoming calm within moments.

"It is perfectly normal. Why don’t we continue with our plundering to get you in a better mood? We have already taken everything from here, now let’s move on to the next treasury." Yasmine spoke, trying to cheer him up.

His behaviour had great effects on her; she only wanted him to be happy at all times.

Taking a deep breath, Vritra glanced around and saw the whole thing had become empty without even a single potion left.

’Yeah let’s move. For now, rest and absorb all that soul energy and be careful...’ Vritra said softly.

"Mmm." Yasmine smiled and nodded.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

Vritra disappeared from the treasury. All the guards inside were still sleeping, while the ones outside had not noticed anything. They were just chatting about the incident with the youngest prince.

Both the king and queen were furious, but the king didn’t take any action against Vritra and even stopped the enraged queen from attacking him, even though the youngest prince had literally lost both his marbles.

After drinking several high-grade potions he had healed completely, but that injury couldn’t be healed so easily. It is near impossible to heal that in the Blue Kingdom.

But the youngest prince had locked himself inside his room because of the trauma and all the humiliation. He seemed to be completely broken and only continued to mutter words like kill and death.

Vritra paused for a minute to listen to their conversation before moving on to the next treasury. It was filled with gold, diamonds and all sorts of expensive things.

He landed on the floor and looked around at the large amount of money. The sight was really blinding.

’Since I will be moving to the next kingdom soon, I will be needing more money. Hmm, let’s take some from here.’ Vritra thought. He didn’t plan to take all since he didn’t want the entire kingdom to die because of hunger.

The lives of lots of people depend on this money, but taking half should be fine. The people should be fine eating one time less after all.

And so Vritra began to throw the diamonds and gold into his inventory. He controlled large dust trays that brought the money up to him, and he just needed to move them into the inventory.

He didn’t even need to completely deactivate the Fourth Dimension, and thankfully there were no guards inside this treasury.

After a few short minutes, Vritra was done with borrowing around half of the entire money.

’There, it should still be enough to run this kingdom. And I believe the crown prince has capable people working under him.’ Vritra thought as he decided to go into the final and biggest treasury where weapons, treasures, and much more lay.

He flew out of the 2nd treasury and heard the guards outside talk about the young prince. This time he didn’t wait to hear and directly entered the 3rd inventory, and this time it was even more spectacular.

"Oh, so many weapons! And there are even a couple of 2nd legion-ranked weapons, not bad. Adding all these to the axes should bring them close to the 3rd legion rank, though it might be difficult to make that big jump and enter that rank." Vritra mumbled as he counted the number of guards inside the room.

There were more than twenty guards scattered across the large space. They were silently observing the treasury. But their levels were a lot lower than Vritra’s, so it was quite easy to knock all of them out one by one.

In less than a minute, all of the guards were unconscious. The security here was even higher. The number of glyphs placed around the large hall made it quite difficult to move around, but Yasmine could easily see through all sorts of traps.

"Now, let’s start the merging of the weapons..." Vritra mumbled as he took out the axes and picked one weapon from the shelf, and the process of merging started.

One by one, he began to add all those weapons to his axes. He could have just taken them and merged later, but Vritra had all the time in the world, so he just decided to finish it.

***

Inside the king’s chamber, the lights were off and there was complete silence. Henry sat over his majestic chair, leaning backward as he stared at the ceiling, countless thoughts running through his mind.

He was just as enraged as his wife about what happened with his youngest son. Not only was he humiliated in front of all his people and even made to say those shameful things, in the end, he was injured to that extent.

The king just wanted to kill Vritra and his family with all his might, but the feeling of that deep-rooted fear made him consider it again.

Vritra was certainly not ordinary. No ordinary person could withstand so many strong people right after entering the legion rank. Even the king himself, who is very close to the 2nd legion rank, felt fear just by his gaze.

KNOCK KNOCK

"...Enter." Upon hearing the knocks, King Henry observed the person coming to meet him so late and sighed upon seeing that it was the crown prince.

He had also heard about the prince’s relation with Sonia. Henry was still not sure if she was a succubus or not, but the fact that she was related to Vritra made her very dangerous.

"Father, I need to talk to you about something." The crown prince said respectfully.

"Sit down..." the king said as he leaned forward and tiredly looked at his son’s face and continued, "Is it about that girl, Sonia?"

"...Yes. Do you plan to take her too?" Taking a nervous breath, the crown prince clenched his fists and decided to get to the point.

"STAY AWAY FROM HER. FROM NOW ON, YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO EVER MEET HER." Henry ordered in a higher tone.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...