Chapter 639 Again?!

Vritra was drinking coffee while standing over the balcony, gazing at the fucked up surroundings.

He could see quite a few mutants roaming the streets.

"The sea is far more dangerous than the lands, it seems. I should stay away until my strength is high enough." Vritra thought, planning to kill a few powerful mutants.

Yasmine walked up to him. She hugged him from behind, she was pretty close to death the previous day.

"Wifey, some people of this world are just as evil as those evil organizations in the Zoratian planet. They really have lost all humanity." Vritra mumbled.

He sighed. That butcher had killed a woman just to kill them.

"Yeah hubby, it is lawless times like this that bring out their true desires, their true personality.

Well, they are a good source of sin points for you, so we can kill them without hesitation." Yasmine said.

They were pretty used to such crimes, but this planet was so similar to Earth. Vritra hadn't expected people to become demons.

"Oh right, I wonder if there are still an army or any defence still working to protect people. Should we try using a radio or something?" she asked.

"Forget it, it doesn't affect our goal whether they are or not. Let's first clear this building and then we will hea-" Vritra paused amidst speaking, as a bright reflection made him shut his eyes.

Raising his hand, he looked at the building on the opposite side of the road.

At the seventh floor, someone was standing and using a small mirror to grab his attention.

There was a difference of a hundred or so metres between the two buildings.

There were two teens standing on the balcony. The girl was using the mirror while the boy was swinging his arms urgently.

They were trying not to create any sound.

"Hmm, looks like they need help." Vritra spoke. He could see them pretty clearly.

On the other side of the building, the girl looked quite weak and nervous as she kept flashing the light.

"Gary, have they seen us?" the girl who appeared to be seventeen or eighteen years old asked.

"I think so, they are looking at us." Gary, her older brother, hurriedly waved his arms.

"B- But will or can they help us?" Mira, the weak girl asked.

"…" Gary paused at this question, uncertainty filling his eyes.

"Idiot, don't stop." she said hurriedly in a low voice.

They were quite excited to see people appear in that building, which was previously brimming with mutants.

Maybe they were just hidden before.

"N- No, they just left…" Mira became teary eyed as she lowered the mirror. She was so hungry.

"S- Should we try sneaking out? Maybe that mutant is gone." Gary spoke, looking at his sister in a fearful tone.

He was just nineteen.

"And what about those wolves? They still might be out, searching for us…" Tears streamed down her cheeks as she weakly sat down.

Thanks to his ability to turn invisible, they were able to sneak out of the Wolves base.

They even found some food in these buildings, but then a mutant was actually able to see them, forcing them to stay locked here.

…

Vritra and Yasmine walked back into the apartment. They shared the news with others.

"Should we save them?" Yasmine looked at Vritra. They would just follow what he decided.

Although they would like to save the kids if possible, it was not by putting the group at risk.

"Yes, we planned to clear up a couple of buildings anyway. Maybe we can find some information." Vritra said. With his senses, he could tell if there really was a powerful mutant.

"Get ready, we are heading out." He added after a moment.

"Alright honey, if we can, it is better to help others. Of course, with conditions attached." Vanessa said with a smile.

They were all well rested, so within moments they dressed up into warmer clothes. Shitless and Onest got ready too.

"Shitless, how long are you going to look like a mutant?" Vritra asked, looking at the monk with bright red skin and bulging eyes. He looked quite funny.

"I don't know, I am like this ever since that giant octopus threw me out with its poop." Shitless shrugged.

The mutants actually were no longer attacking him.

"Well, that works too. You will be our scout from now on." Vritra said.

"Alright, you can trust me. I am anything but brave- huh? No wait, that sounds wrong. I am hmm…" Shitless became confused.

Ignoring his usual mindless moments, they climbed down the stairs, killing a few mutants along the way.

The accumulated snow was pretty high here, almost covering the entire first floor.

Arriving close to the other building, Vritra scanned the surroundings and could sense quite a few mutants.

"Shitless, go up and check." Vritra gestured.

Monk Shitless wasted no time and hurried above. Even the mutants avoided him as if he was carrying some plague.

The sight made the group laugh. He was truly a walking circus.

If only Bully was here, their transport would be so easy.

After a couple of minutes, Shitless returned and spoke, "Most mutants are weak, but there is a strong one too. Its ability seems to be telekinesis, on the seventh floor."

"Let's go." Vritra nodded. They started moving up instantly.

Killing the mutants along the way, they quickly climbed up to the seventh floor.

They saw a mutant who looked like a thin old man with only bones. He was sitting with legs crossed in front of a door.

Debris and small stones kept floating around it.

It was because of this mutant's high spiritual stat that he could see the siblings.

Grrrrrr…

Right upon sensing them, the mutant growled and sent all sorts of objects at them like bullets.

Vritra created a blood wall, then created blood spears and killed the mutant pretty easily.

KNOCK KNOCK

He knocked on the door before speaking.

"Hey, it's me, the person from the opposite building."

After hesitating, Gary peeked out of the peephole and looked overjoyed upon seeing them.

But then he hesitated again. What if they were from the Wolves?

'No, there are so many women with him. He can't possibly be from the Wolves.' Gary concluded and opened the door. He hid Mira away.

"H- Hello, I am Gary. Thank you for saving me…" His eyes widened in shock, baffled by the beauty level of the women.

Then he jumped back upon seeing the red mutant.

"W- Watch out, there is a mutant!!" he shouted, disappearing.

"Sigh, it's fine. He is a human and with us. Now explain your situation." Vritra said. He could sense the girl but made no comment about it.

"O- Oh, I was actually taken in by a group called the Wolves…" He quickly went over his story.

The Wolves were actually using the radio to lure people. They had trapped quite a lot.

The two of them were lucky to have escaped, but they were still being chased.

Vritra remembered the wolves that butcher guy used, so he asked,

"A tall guy who looks like a butcher, is he the leader of the Wolves?"

"Ah, him? His name is actually Butcher, and no, he is not from the Wolves. He was given those wolves by his friend, the leader of the Wolves.

Butcher is the leader of a group called Big Bang Colony."

Vritra frowned, thinking, 'What the fuck? BBC again?'

"I see, tell me where I can find these bases?" Vritra asked.

"Uhm C- Can we travel with you?" Gary asked hesitatingly.

"No, at most I can give you some food. But I can't take responsibility for your life or that girl's, I am sure you can survive on your own just fine." Vritra said firmly.

"J- Just a bit far away from here, I heard there is an army camp, j- just bring us there. We were originally going there, but got locked. Please, it's not far and on the way." Gary knelt, pleading.

"First tell me more about all three bases." Vritra said, showing no pity.

This is a different planet, he needed to harden his heart or the lesson might cost him a life.

"O- Okay…" Gary nodded, telling whatever he knew about the Wolves and Big Bang Colony.

He knew little about the army base though.

Butcher and the leader of Wolves were very good friends, and both were scums, turning the lives of a lot of people into living hell.

"If that's the case, why is no one from that army base attacking either of them?" Fiona questioned.

"They have tried but the result was fruitless." Gary replied.

"What are your abilities?" Maeve questioned, maybe they are not dead weight.

"I- I… can turn anything invisible and my sister can make others fall asleep." Gary replied.

"Here, eat some." Vritra handed him some food item, deciding to discuss before making a decision.

He did plan to raid the Big Bang Colony at any cost though.

Gary ran back into the apartment, he shared the food with his sister as the two hungrily devoured it all.

"What do you all think?" Vritra looked at others and asked.

"If the army camp is not far away, we can take them along. Their abilities aren't completely useless either." Yasmine spoke.

"He wasn't lying, right?" the goddess asked, one could never be more careful in an apocalypse.

"Yeah he wasn't, I observed his heartbeat and his reactions, it was all true or what he believes is true." Vritra said.

"Could he be under some mind control?" Teresa wondered.

"Possible, wifey, try launching a weak spiritual attack on him later. It should break any spell he is under." He added.

Yasmine nodded, they didn't want to lose any member of the group by making any mistakes.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios