Chapter 246: Unbreakable!! Unshakeable!!

"Let’s go!!" she said, but just as she was about to fly back, the door she had just come out of started glowing, and soon the blurry vision of the outside became slightly visible.

"Oh, is this door leading to the outside?" Fiona wondered. The first Phoenix had left it there so that her successor wouldn’t have to go all the way back to exit.

Ghoul observed the door and nodded. The two didn’t waste a single second as they flew out of the door. Fiona was also able to fly now.

As she came out, the blinding light of the sun hit her sight. Fiona narrowed her gaze and then glanced down, looking at her surroundings, and froze, feeling shivers run through her body.

Everything was in ruins. Trees, the ground—everything was destroyed and now lay in shambles. It was such a disturbing sight.

Wherever her gaze went, Fiona only saw destruction. A sea of blood filled the ground. Red and grey-colored blood was present all over the earth and broken trees, and a few spots were covered in purple blood.

Limbs were lying all over the place—pieces of flesh and shattered bones.

It was like her heart was being clutched in a tight grip. Fiona was on the verge of collapse as her gaze ran all over the place. She could only see destruction.

Fiona could tell through all the rubble just how much Vritra must have suffered to keep everyone away from the door, to keep her safe.

Her eyes became teary and blurry. It felt like something was stuck in her throat as her brain felt like shutting down. But soon she caught sight of someone—the one who had been making her worry to death.

Vritra was sitting on the ground, his back pressed against one of the broken trees. A big pond of blood was forming around him. He was completely drenched in blood, and drops of grey blood were still dripping from his hair.

He was panting lightly. Although no wounds were visible on his body, it was obvious he had been through a very dangerous battle.

Vritra looked up, and as their eyes met, there was a small smile on his lips.

Fiona flew to his side and just threw herself into his arms, not caring if he was dirty with blood or anything else. She wrapped her arms around his body and started crying like a baby.

Just now, she had felt she had lost him. Her heart still felt as if being stabbed by countless needles. The feeling of losing him forever made everything else seem completely pointless.

Fiona had already fallen too deeply for him—to the point she didn’t want to live in a world where he didn’t exist.

Vritra hugged her back, and while gently caressing her head, he spoke: "Ha, my crybaby, don’t cry. Look, everything is fine. You didn’t get hurt inside, did you?"

As he cupped her cheek and pulled her face upwards, Fiona looked so cute with her cheeks puffed and tears in her eyes like a squirrel.

Vritra chuckled lightly and almost kissed her lips, but he stopped himself since he was completely covered in blood right now.

"You... sob... sob... this—sob... sob... what... sob... sob..." Fiona tried to speak, but because of her sobs, she couldn’t even say two words straight. She just hugged him tightly and refused to move at all.

Vritra looked towards the sky and saw the door disappear into pieces. He sighed in relief that he was able to protect his woman—his family—in this dangerous and foreign world. In the end, strength dictates it all.

Right or wrong, it all depends on one’s personal strength. And after this battle, which was full of twists and turns, Vritra’s strength was undoubtedly going to soar.

His level was currently stuck at 1999. Though he had obtained a lot of experience points and already had the empty 2nd legion stone, so he could level up at any time.

Not to mention all his soul wraiths that had grown stronger after this battle.

After shutting all his skills down, the stream of time returned to normal. Though that reckless usage had undoubtedly caused a bit of a problem across the universe.

But at least he had managed to control the skill a little bit. Still, Vritra decided not to use the Null ability like that again—at least not until he was forced into a truly desperate situation.

Hugging the sobbing redhead, Vritra just sat there staring at the sky. He had just passed one of the biggest challenges of his life so far and had barely achieved victory.

At least his luck was better now. In the previous battle against the Bone Blood Cult, the Nine Pacts, and the Demon Generals, the Divine Sin Arrow appeared only after the end. But at least Hellmancer and Dark Knight had appeared just in time.

Vritra allowed Fiona to cry in his arms for a while. Then he pulled her face up and wiped her tears before speaking gently to her: "Let’s go back. We have been away for four days. Mom must be very worried about us."

"Sob... Mmmm..." Fiona nodded. She still couldn’t speak properly, and her throat was hurting. Vritra shook his head at this crybaby and took out some water from his inventory, feeding it to Fiona.

Finally, she felt a bit better and spoke in a hurry: "Darling, a-are you hurt? Sob... Those disgusting Grieves, I am going to kill every single one of them! Sob... I-I can’t live without you. Don’t ever leave me behind, please... sob... I will die if we can’t be together..."

"My lovely Fiona, don’t think of anything useless. Calm down, I am fine, and yes, we will always be together.

So just stop crying. I don’t like tears in my woman’s eyes; it makes me feel I have failed somehow. I just want to see your beautiful smile—hmm, you look gorgeous, my cutie."

Vritra spoke and stood up, gently holding her waist. Then they held one another’s hands and intertwined their fingers as the two flew into the sky at full speed and soon disappeared.

Hellmancer stayed behind to get rid of all the traces.

After this incident, the bond between Vritra and Fiona had become unbreakable. The two’s feelings for one another had far surpassed the level of madness.

...

It didn’t take long for Vritra and Fiona to arrive back at the castle. They sneaked into Fiona’s room, and first of all, Vritra took a bath.

He had fought for several days continuously, and even with all his regeneration skills, he was still feeling exhausted.

Fiona cleaned herself too after Vritra. He was still a bit hesitant to take the final step with Fiona since he first wanted to tell her all about his relations.

And since Vritra didn’t want to lose her, he was making their relationship extremely solid before telling her about Vanessa and Diana... and even Yasmine, probably.

After the bath, Vritra and Fiona both went to the next door, where Vanessa and Diana were anxiously waiting for the two of them.

"Mom..." Vritra knocked on the door and called out. Then hurried footsteps sounded from inside, and the gate swung open.

Vanessa’s hair was messy, and she appeared as if she hadn’t slept properly for days. The beautiful succubus pulled Fiona and Vritra into a tight hug. Her body felt really tense.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...