Chapter 270: New skill

"Oh, t- that’s perfect." Seeing the arrow pinning the target in the wooden doll, everyone in the crowd was surprised.

"T- That was a great shot, sir." The shopkeeper said as he pulled away the arrow and removed the target, but just when he was about to set up the next round, Vritra added: "Make it more challenging."

"H- Huh? But that’s—" the shopkeeper hesitated, but just a look from Vritra made him turn silent.

"W- What should we do now? We made a mistake by provoking him, it is too dangerous..." the girl whispered in the glasses guy’s ear.

"Shut up, this is all your fault." The two instantly broke out in a fight and the man slapped the woman first, throwing her back into the crowd.

Vritra looked at the couple and seeing that the girl was alive and only with slight injury, he decided to ignore it. The shopkeeper put the difficulty to the maximum, he was still afraid that Vritra might get angry after a failure.

"Darling, you even know how to use a bow?" Fiona asked, a proud smile appearing over her face, she was so happy with her choice she really had gotten the best of the world.

"Yeah, now I do." Shrugging, Vritra replied, Mutamorphis or rather his sugar mommy was way too generous.

Again, Vritra picked another arrow and got into position, he pulled the arrow and barely paid any attention to the target before shooting the arrow.

TUK!

Again, with such precision, Vritra hit the target. The shopkeeper put up exactly three red targets upon Vritra’s order, in the midst of hundreds upon hundreds of black targets, the speed was extremely fast.

Holding the three arrows at the same time, Vritra took the stance and for a second observed the target before shooting the three arrows at the same time.

And all three arrows hit their targets with perfection.

{Sin Point Gained: Awed +78}

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +78}

...

"Can you give me that now?" Vritra said as he put down the bow and pointed at one of the prizes that Fiona wanted, the shopkeeper nodded hurriedly and gave it to Vritra.

"What’s going on here?" Finally, the guards patrolling the area noticed the crowd and decided to check. They moved closer to the shop while passing through the crowd, first they saw the couple who looked really frightened and then they saw Vritra.

"O- Oh, Sir Jin Woo, so it was you, is there any sort of problem?" the guards instantly bowed before Vritra, the public was surprised to see the two be so respectful and afraid of Vritra.

"No, everything is fine, we were just having a friendly match," Vritra said, he didn’t want to linger around anymore as he took Fiona’s hand and walked away, the crowd moving away to make way for them.

"What happened here?" the guard asked one of the people in the crowd and got the whole story.

"..." Then the guards looked at Jaggy with pity, after sending the crowd away one of them spoke: "Sigh, ex-commander, how did you end up in a conflict with the only person in the kingdom you should have been afraid of?"

"What? I am still the commander—" Jaggy looked enraged, since Vritra didn’t seem to mind, he finally relaxed.

"Yeah, but not for long, do you even know who that was?" After speaking in a solemn tone, the guard looked around and whispered: "Don’t say it to anyone else but I have even seen the king kneel in front of him, what do you think our king will do to you after hearing of this incident?"

Jaggy froze and was drenched in sweat, his body was trembling in nervousness and fear, and he had never regretted anything so badly. He really wanted to cry at his own stupidity.

"Bitch, this is all because of you." Jaggy could only take his anger out on the woman with him, he slapped her again, but before it could happen the third time, the guards stopped him.

"Wait, the king is asking us to bring you back to the castle," one of the guards said, making Jaggy stumble in dread.

"S- So fast? How did he even know?"

"I had just sent the whole report back since any matter related to Jin Woo is of the highest priority, and the king seemed really mad," the guard replied, while shaking his head.

"..." Jaggy didn’t know what to do, forget about the job, his crime seemed serious enough that the king might even kill him. Feeling so much fear, his face turned pale instantly and he fainted.

...

"Let’s try this game now." Vritra walked towards one of the biggest game shops, the game here seemed really fun.

The participant had to remain standing upon the plain surface of the semi-spherical metallic ball, which was quite slippery, while they would be hit with balls from all sides and the metallic ball would be moving.

If they remained standing for five minutes, they would win.

"Yes, let’s play this." Fiona seemed really excited, they bought the ticket and entered the playground, lots of couples, kids, and people of all ages were trying it.

Vritra and Fiona climbed onto two different semi-spheres, after nodding towards one another, the game started.

The balls that were coming flying from random directions and hitting them were quite heavy, it wouldn’t hurt them but would push them slightly over the slippery surface.

It wouldn’t be any fun when abilities are used so Vritra didn’t use any abilities, though using them wasn’t against the rules as long as it didn’t destroy the property or hurt anyone.

One of the balls struck his back and because of the slippery surface he was pushed forward slightly, Vritra used absolutely no strength since he wanted to check something, he barely managed to stay on the surface.

While Fiona was really into the game, she really looked like a little girl who was enjoying herself to the fullest.

Vritra was managing to stay on the slippery surface while wondering if his plan would work and after a few seconds it indeed did.

[You have acquired the hybrid skill Recoil.]

’Woah, I really got it.’ Vritra read the lines of messages, and it was a hybrid skill.

He just stood still over the surface and when the ball hit him the next time, it was bounced back at twice the force while Vritra wasn’t affected at all.

’This date is quite nice...’ Vritra thought, the two skills he had obtained were very useful, especially the recoil.

After playing around for a while longer they left the shop, they visited several other places and tried various sorts of things. Vritra and Fiona even tried riding horses, and buying various sorts of helpful Glyphs that could be helpful in daily life.

Several hours passed in the blink of an eye, finally, they decided to have dinner at the best hotel present around. Though getting a table there was hard, Vritra got it rather easily since it belonged to the royal family, and they were all aware of Vritra’s identity.

It had gotten late and dark, Vritra booked a room in the same hotel and the two soon headed towards their room, finally, it was time.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...