Chapter 565 Easy Success?

Drino took out a powerful weapon from his inventory, but just a moment before he could use it, a cloth wrapped around his arms.

Then blood red flames burst out around his wrists, making the demi god let go instinctively.

In the next instant, a heavy palm descended from the sky, smashing Drino into the ground, and Vritra allowed Goop to devour another weapon.

Then he flashed away and took the blow that was aimed for Vanessa, getting his body blasted away.

Each time Drino tried to make a big attack, he was stopped by the four of them. They were attacking him in sync, leaving no openings.

Although Drino was not getting weaker, tired, or wounded, holding on was pretty much all they could do now.

"Darling, do you have a plan?" Fiona transformed back to her human form and asked. By now, Drino was completely covered by the blood red flames.

His scales had started to crack and boil over under the constant heat.

"…Radioactive fist, but it's a one time thing. So I will charge it a bit more. If it doesn't work, then we can just keep him busy," Vritra replied.

By now, all his wives fighting here were getting exhausted. Those treasures were taking a toll on them.

"Okay, let's continue then." Fiona nodded, and her body turned into blood red flames.

Even soul wraiths had joined the fight. They had no fear of death, so they kept jumping directly at him.

Drino was a level 3 demi god, and yet he was not able to kill a new demi god and a few lords. He was bubbling over with rage.

Not to mention, several of his weapons got swallowed by that despicable man.

ROOAAARRRRRR

Drino underwent a drastic change all of a sudden, but before Vritra even had a chance to see his figure, he felt a heavy strike land over his chest.

BOOOOOM!

Vritra was instantly blown a few dozen kilometres away, but midway he teleported back and reappeared in front of Diana.

"You are going to die now!!" As Drino spoke, even the domain started to change. The scales buzzed and glowed.

"Oh shit…" Vritra knew that now even their combined power would not be enough to stop this creature.

Just a moment before Drino could attack, Vritra hurriedly sent the three women into the divine realm and took a fighting pose.

"Why are your punches getting weaker? Is that all to your bragging?" Vritra said, but there really was no need for such provocations, as Drino was already extremely angry.

Kicking the space behind him, Drino appeared before Vritra at extreme speed, and once again the winning side changed.

Vritra shielded himself by crossing his arms, but the moment Drino's fist collided, both his arms broke and then it hit his chest.

'Just how long is this bastard going to last? Such useless planet rules, I am sure the gods must be delaying it further,' Vritra cursed internally. Currently, he really had no way of killing such a powerful being.

Even if he charged that attack more, it could certainly injure Drino, but he doubted it would be strong enough to kill him.

'What? What can I do?' Vritra thought hard as his body started to receive attacks from all sides.

His wives had helped him quite a lot, but with their current strength, there wasn't much they could do.

Just one moment of carelessness would be enough, and they might end up dead.

WHOOOSH

Drino's tail pierced through Vritra's chest, pinning him down on the ground, then pulling out a rather simple looking weapon from his inventory.

He started striking Vritra again and again, each collision sending shock waves through the air.

Goop and Atomic were doing their best to shield most of the damage, but under Drino's wrath, they couldn't last much longer.

And just after a minute or so, the strikes started landing directly on his body, creating deep injuries.

Vritra tried to pull the tail away, but even with Shift and Forbidden, he failed.

Locked inside the domain for so long, Vritra's strength had decreased, whereas Drino had gotten even stronger.

'Should I just use it?' Vritra wondered, but his body could still hold on, so he allowed the radioactive fist to charge more.

"Die! Die! You weak bug, how dare you oppose me!! After you, I will kill those women and take away all your treasures!!" Drino madly struck him, each blow deadlier than the last.

Before long, Vritra's healing ability had greatly slowed down.

But just then, he noticed some sort of change in space, specifically in the space of the divine realm.

And then someone disappeared from there, and a figure appeared in the sky.

"H Husband!!" Teresa looked at the scene in shock. It really seemed Vritra was about to die because of that disgusting creature.

"Nooooo." Her body trembled as she moved on instinct. She had just fallen in love with him, starting to enjoy her new married life.

How could she allow someone to hurt her husband?

Teresa pulled something out of her inventory and threw it into the air, but there didn't seem to be anything.

Drino paused upon hearing her. He glanced back and saw a new woman.

'Just how many women does this guy have?' he wondered, but since she was all covered up, he couldn't really see her.

'Interesting. Even my senses failed to see her true appearance.' Drino was deep in thought when a bug softly landed on his nose, and then…

CRACK

Suddenly, the tiny dot made a cracking sound. The space in front of Drino shuddered and started cracking, like a mirror breaking apart.

Before Drino could move, his body was swallowed into the broken mirror world, locking him away.

Vritra was finally able to breathe. He flashed away as his injuries once again started to heal.

"Husband, are you okay?" Teresa looked at Vritra with a pained expression. Her clothes were covered in blood as she hugged him.

Then, taking a ring from her inventory, she pointed it at Vritra, and instantly his injuries started to heal.

"Yeah, I am fine." Vritra touched her cheek. Once again, he was helped by his women. He really needed to stop underestimating them.

He was curious how she was able to come out of the divine realm on her own, when Vritra was the only one who could control entry and exit.

But that would have to wait.

"Husband, killing him right now is nearly impossible, but I do have a way to throw him out of our planet, for now." Teresa looked at the demi god who was desperately trying to leave that space.

Vritra couldn't help but smile. Maybe getting beaten here wasn't all bad. At least it ignited a spark of change in her heart.

And this time, she didn't seem hesitant to actually hurt someone.

Teresa quickly told him about the plan, and Vritra made some adjustments.

"Alright, let's do that. Tess, be careful," Vritra said as he turned to face Drino again.

The demi god finally broke through the mirror dimension and came out, staring at the figure standing behind Vritra strangely.

'It can't be her… right? But who else is capable of creating such treasures? Or maybe someone else built them?' Drino scratched his head.

Wouldn't it be too easy if this really was Divine's second sister?

Was success really trying this hard for him to catch it?

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...