Chapter 371: The Charm Land

Then after bidding their goodbyes, all of the Seats began to disappear one by one from the room. In the end, only Pink was left there.

A few minutes after everyone had disappeared, he tapped his chin and mumbled:

"What a great opportunity, just perfect! Us demons have been quiet for way too long and everyone has forgotten what terror is after experiencing this peace. Finally, we can infiltrate the Quartz continent completely."

Pink pondered for a moment.

It was extremely difficult to do much under the presence of the Oracle and Giant, but he could make use of others.

And reaping benefits as the third party in a war, what could be better than that?

After a moment, his appearance changed and he looked like an old man in his eighties, his head full of white hair.

In reality, he was a demon lord who had already infiltrated several human organizations, like Golden Moon, Bone Blood Cult, and even the Nine Pacts, along with many other powerful ones in the continent.

Not only was he a great source of information but he could easily disrupt others’ plans, though dealing with Oracle was extremely difficult.

"Now it is time to go and visit the Bone Blood Cult, these mindless cultists will be very happy upon hearing the news of chaos." He said and disappeared from his position.

From what information all of them had gathered about Vritra, his strength should at most be in the 2nd Legion rank, though it was already astonishing since he was called to this world not long ago.

And that level of growth while staying in that small continent without any external support—not any they were aware of—truly was monstrous.

But Pink felt that Vritra couldn’t be of much use in his plan, though Vritra’s value wasn’t based on his current strength but his potential, which he could make use of to attract powerful beings and create one of the biggest wars.

***

Vanessa followed Gia, walking through strange desolate streets and passing through many barriers, and after travelling for nearly an hour, they finally arrived in front of a rundown house where no person should be living.

"You live here?" she asked, looking around. The succubus Queen couldn’t sense the presence of a single person around.

"Yes, hehe, just come with me inside, you will be surprised." Gia giggled. While travelling the two chatted about various things, and the young girl had completely relaxed already.

Nodding, Vanessa followed her into the house. It was full of garbage and rubble, but in the corner stairs could be seen which seemed to be barely holding on; they were leading underground.

Holding Vanessa’s hand, Gia pulled her towards the stairs, and the two walked nearly a hundred steps before finally arriving in a tunnel.

’So much security, the few succubus who had managed to escape must be living here.’ She thought, as they reached the end of the cave, a bright light hit her face.

Vanessa shut her eyes for a moment, then finally opened them.

"!!!"

Unlike her expectations, in front of her lay an enormous city with thousands of houses and a vast area. There was even a sky, even though this place was underground.

Knowing the concept of realms, Vanessa felt maybe that cave led her to a different realm. Still gazing in shock, wherever she looked, there were so many succubus.

"Welcome to my home, the city of Charms," Gia said with a big smile.

The Charms city originally used to be at least a hundred times bigger, almost like a big kingdom, but after that hunt—where everyone, whether humans, demons, or most other races tried to capture the succubus—only this city was left.

It was all thanks to the previous Succubus Queen who hid them all and made an agreement with the four emperors, as they were finally able to live in peace in this place.

There wasn’t a single man in sight, all of them were female.

"Uhm... If you want to enter and stay here, you should first meet up with our princess. She will punish me twice for sneaking out and bringing in a stranger," Gia said, looking troubled.

"Alright, lead me to her." Vanessa nodded, looking at the peaceful and beautiful city. Unlike what one would expect of the succubus race, they lived rather peacefully; it wasn’t a debauched area or anything.

First, Vanessa sent all the information back to Vritra while following the young girl. Her presence was already known by many in the city, and before long, she stood in front of a group of beautiful women.

All the women here were extremely charming, with small horns on their heads and long tails swinging on their backs.

"Introduce yourself," one of the warriors asked, looking vigilant.

They don’t really welcome strangers—one wrong move and all of them might just become a tool for others to grow stronger.

"I am a succubus..." Vanessa said and revealed her true appearance; as the others relaxed a bit, but upon sensing her presence they were surprised.

It had been so long since the death of the previous Queen for a new candidate to appear, and finally someone had arrived.

The warrior looked at Vanessa intently for a few seconds, then said: "Come with me to meet the princess."

Vanessa nodded; she was still taking in the shocking sight, but finally she would be able to know more about the succubus and progress faster.

***

After leaving the palace, Vritra, Onest, and Shitless headed towards the temple to meet up with Fiona and Diana.

Vritra had received the message from his mother and after taking the two women he planned to visit that place; if possible, the four of them could stay there for the time being.

With the extreme level of danger brewing around him, Vritra needed to get stronger even faster, though for now there weren’t many things he could think of.

Zihong inheritance was one of the places where he might increase his strength; aside from that, he could earn the Sin Points, but gaining levels normally was going to be quite difficult.

On his side, he could call those three demon generals, but bringing them will show his connection with the demons, which might increase the danger further.

’Wifey, if we were to return to the Dragon kingdom now, what are the chances of you getting your body back and taking charge of the dragons for now?’ Vritra asked; that seemed to be the only possible help he could get for now.

"Well, I am not sure how the dragon race’s condition is now, still we just might end up in more danger. We can try, but it won’t be easy, though if I can return to my peak, then all others wouldn’t just recklessly attack us."

Yasmine replied, fully aware that an even more extreme storm was brewing silently in the continent.

Nodding, he decided to infiltrate the dragon race as soon as possible; the dragon emperor was already here, so he was already the enemy of the dragons.

Soon the trio arrived at the temple. Onest and Shitless had perfectly hidden their faces.

"Darling~" Fiona, who was waiting outside, shook her hand and jumped into his arms with a big beautiful smile.

Diana slowly climbed down the stairs, somehow looking even more ethereal.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...