Chapter 555 The Star Realm

The group of four flew towards the Star realm; Yasmine and Fiona knew about its location.

"Do you know about us yet?" Yasmine asked, even though she had been there when Vritra was telling the whole story.

"Yes, I know." Teresa replied, her tone not giving away any emotions.

"That's good, anyway…" Yasmine instantly started talking to her as if they had been good friends for quite long.

While Fiona was more reserved.

Without wasting much time on the journey itself, the group of four quickly arrived near the Star realm.

The entrance was blocked by several guards; it seemed they had shut down after the marriage.

Only the monarch of the Star family had survived, while the two other families had both lost their monarchs.

The entrance of the Star realm was situated in a market in the neighboring city; no one was allowed to enter or leave for a while.

Vritra and the three women landed before the guards; because of the illusion, no one could see Teresa's true appearance.

And there were all sorts of barriers around her; not even an insect could get close.

"Sorry, but the Star family is not welcoming any guests right now." One of the guards said respectfully upon seeing them approach.

Vritra had two choices, either to barge inside forcefully or go in peacefully.

Firstly, he decided to go inside peacefully.

"Inform her, Art Yates, Fiona Arclis, and Yasmine Arclis are here." Vritra said.

The guard who was looking dazedly at Fiona and Yasmine came back to his senses, looking at them in surprise and doubt.

He had never seen the two empresses, but all sorts of people had been coming there pretending to be someone else.

But before the guard could say anything, a person who was hidden in the shadows stepped forward.

"Greetings, sir. I will inform our monarch about your arrival." The Star family was, after all, the place which supplied information to others.

How could they not recognize these four; the guards, however, weren't all that knowledgeable.

The guard who had spoken earlier felt cold sweat rolling down his body; he almost got himself killed just now.

"Alright." Vritra nodded. He glanced back and wondered what Yasmine was teaching to the innocent Teresa.

He could only see his new wife nodding constantly, her head moving like a toy.

"Sir, please come inside. Our monarch is coming to meet you." After a few moments, the man replied.

How could they afford to offend these people?

Forget the other three, just one or two of Teresa's treasures would be enough to make the Star realm disappear or purchase it all.

The things created by her were just that special.

Vritra nodded, and the four stepped into the gate, instantly arriving inside the Star realm.

This realm looked completely different from the lively outside; everything was so quiet there.

The shops were closed, and barely anyone could be seen on the streets.

Within moments, a figure became visible in the sky, approaching them at high speed.

She landed before them and took a glance over them as a friendly smile appeared on her face.

"Hello, Art, Empress Fiona, Empress Yasmine, and Teresa. I welcome you all to the Star realm.

If you had informed me in advance, I would have prepared a few things for—" the monarch started trying to please them.

Vritra interrupted her.

"There is no need for pleasantries. There is something I want to ask you."

"Of course. As long as I have that information, I will give it to you free of charge as a token of our friendship, but first why don't we head inside?"

She said, gesturing towards her palace not too far away.

"Sure." Vritra was feeling a bit nervous now that he was close to this lead.

He was afraid that if even this failed, then he really wouldn't know how to find Yennefer, but Divine wouldn't have lied about it.

The monarch led them into her palace, respectfully bringing them into one of her halls, asking all the guards to leave.

They sat around a round table.

"Please let me prepare lunch for you. There are such delicacies that—" the monarch again tried to please them, but Vritra interrupted her again.

"There is no need. I want to know, do you recognize it?" He took out the glass ball, the treasure Teresa had created.

Inside the clear glass bowl, a swirling tornado could be seen.

"Oh, that's… yeah, I do seem to remember it.

W- What's the matter, Master Yate? I- I just sent it as a gift…" How could she not recognize it?

She had, after all, sent it to the Ford realm to create some chaos.

If not for Teresa, this tornado alone would have destroyed a big part of the realm before they managed to control it.

So the monarch was afraid that they had come here to take revenge.

Vritra could clearly read her thoughts.

"We are not here for revenge. I just want to know, where did you obtain this?" he questioned.

"Uhm… we got it from a realm our family was trying to explore before, but it turned out to be far more dangerous, so we gave up and only managed to obtain that tornado.

But it was of no use, so we…" she trailed off, glancing towards Teresa.

Fiona had killed the two monarchs so easily, so how could she, who was weaker than the Trant and Grant families' monarchs, not be afraid?

"I see. Can you still access that realm? I want to enter it."

While Vritra was talking, Yasmine and Fiona were doing their job, putting pressure with their silence and deadly glares.

"T- That place is far too dangerous and easy to get lost forever. I would suggest—" she started speaking, only to be interrupted.

"Just answer my question." Vritra's eyes glowed as the pressure suddenly intensified on her.

He appeared far more dangerous than the three ladies.

"Y- Y- Yes, but it would be a little difficult to find that exact realm again and might take quite some time.

Since we stopped exploring it, we cut off the connections." She answered hurriedly. It felt like one wrong move and she would be dead along with the entire Star realm.

"That's no problem. We can find it ourselves. Just bring us to the portal you use to explore all these realms." Yasmine spoke.

If they could find Yennefer, then most of Vritra's worries would disappear.

"Okay, please follow me. But be careful, that place is just too dangerous—" sensing Vritra's eyes, the monarch turned silent and led them away.

They moved through several corridors and then headed underground.

After moving a few dozen meters downwards, they were inside a large open space.

Vritra had no interest in enjoying the venue; he urged her to bring them there.

And soon, they were standing inside a big chamber.

On the high platform, a big round metallic ring could be seen, its diameter around fifteen feet.

"Sir, this is the portal we use to explore all sorts of realms."

"Alright, you can leave now." Yasmine spoke, studying the portal.

The monarch nodded and left, closing the door behind her and sealing off the place.

She waited outside fearfully.

"Wifey, how do we do this?" Vritra looked at Yasmine, his number one problem solver, who nodded and took a step towards the portal.

❖❖❖