Chapter 280: Equality

{Sin Point Gained: Startled +13,557}

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +10,952}

...

Vritra smiled as he used his mana and mental energy to control such a massive illusion.

"Let the show begin."

SCREEEEEEECCCCHHHHHHHHHHHH

KRIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

"Uwaaaaaaaah Mommy, helpppppp cough"

"Karen, Karen Karen, wait for me, let’s die together and live in heaven together, but for the crime of stealing my heart y- you might go to hell uwahhhhhh ughhh..."

BAANNNNGGGGGG

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOM

WHOOOSSSSHHHHHH

All sorts of sounds instantly filled the area, all the Howlers were undoubtedly frightened, even the king Howlers were no exception.

Misty Essence doesn’t just show illusions but plays with the mind of the opponent and their emotions.

Vritra’s control over this mythic halo wasn’t perfect yet, but for his current level, it was more than enough.

The Howlers saw the things they feared the most, but it was the six humans who were letting out the loudest screams.

Vritra controlled everything from the sky. All the women were awed at such a scene, everything on the ground looked too real.

There was bloodshed, many Howlers were being killed in the illusion and it seemed as if they had really died. Those creatures themselves weren’t aware whether they were dead or not.

This continued on for a couple of hours, but at some point, no matter what Vritra showed, the number of sin points pouring in remained too low, so he finally decided to end it.

As a final act, the countless upgraded Howlers ran behind the wounded Howlers who hastily hid in the swamp, even the king Howlers made their escape in dread.

"Haa that was fun." Vritra said as he descended and created a layer of dust on the swamp to stand on.

"You asshole, what do haa think you were doing?" Diddy shouted in rage, looking at Vritra as if everything was his fault.

"Let’s continue with our journey, we have wasted enough of our time already." Vritra ignored the enraged gaze of the group and turned to gaze at the frightened guards who were peeking out of their carriages.

"Tch And how do you think we are going to continue?" Karen frowned as she stood up from the ground and threw back her blonde hair, looking at Vritra as if she was about to murder him.

"I think I missed the part where that’s my problem?" Vritra said, glancing at her emotionlessly before turning back.

"Hah Excuse me, if instead of just standing there you had just helped us in time then we wouldn’t be in this situation, so yeah all of this is your fault.

There is no way I am going to travel in the smelly carriage of these low lives so I will be travelling in your carriage and you have to leave it." she said, passing her judgement.

Without even waiting for an answer she started walking towards Vritra’s carriage.

"Yes, this is all your fault, so you will have to pay for it. As the sons of the noble houses, none of us can travel along with these peasants, so we will be travelling in your carriage—" Diddy said but Karen glared at him so he went silent and added:

"Sigh fine, we will take another carriage, we will do as Karen says." The other four men also nodded, most of them seemed to like this strange woman.

"Haha You are all so funny, but if you mutter any more gibberish I will beat you until you can’t even walk on your own." Vritra said with a smile.

"Excuse me!! Who do you think you are, do you even know who I am? I am fucking Karen, now get out of my way before I break your nose.

Disgusting men, always making excuses when it is time to take responsibility blah blah blah..." Karen continued with her noisy rambling.

Her voice was so annoying that it felt like getting stabbed by a knife. Vritra massaged his temples for a moment then started walking away from his carriage.

"Hmph you should have agreed from the start, making me waste so much of—"

Vritra paused exactly in front of Karen, then he raised his right hand and in the next moment—

SLAAPPP

A crisp sound of a slap rang out in the silent and dark swamp, everyone watching froze and all of them were shocked upon seeing this.

Fiona and Diana even laughed out loud as they got over their surprise, they quickly took out the photo glyphs from their storage and took several photos of her face — it looked too funny.

"You— How dare you, I am going to—" Karen’s face turned red in shame and rage, she raised her leg to kick his lower body but before that—

SLAAPPPPP

Another louder sound of a slap rang out, then another and another...

SLAAPPPPP

SLAAPPPPP

SLAAPPPPP

...

All the men were so shocked that they forgot they had to go forward to stop Vritra.

Karen’s face was swollen by now, tears and snot were falling down her face as she fell back and cried while holding her burning hot cheeks.

"..." Diddy’s body trembled as he finally came to his senses, endless rage filled his mind as his eyes became bloodshot. He roared like a mad beast and charged at Vritra, pouring a large amount of energy into his arms.

BOOOOOM!!

Vritra flicked his finger, creating a terrifying shockwave which collided with Diddy’s body and blasted him dozens of meters away. All the people were terrified upon seeing this.

The four men who were planning to make a move earlier stopped in their tracks, and they finally understood why the king was so respectful towards Vritra.

"So what were you saying earlier?" Vritra said as he looked at Karen, who was frightened out of her wits. The numbing pain seemed to be suppressed by the fear she was feeling.

"Uh..." Karen sobbed even harder as she dragged her body back into the swamp, getting completely dirty, but just then another scream sounded as Diddy charged forward once again.

This time he was holding a spear, and his body seemed to have grown a bit in size — he was going all out to destroy Vritra.

"Sigh these insufferable bastards, they never learn do they." Vritra’s brows knitted, feeling annoyed. He raised his hand and punched forward the moment the spear came close to his body.

BAANNNNNGGGGGGG

When Vritra’s fist collided with the metallic tip of the spear, the spear exploded from the tip to the bottom all at once and Diddy’s hand was almost blasted to pieces, while his body was blasted away hundreds of meters like a broken doll.

He had fainted while heavy injuries appeared all over his body.

"This is your last chance, if you bother me one more time in the future, you will be dead."

Vritra said, as he glared at the group and without caring whether Diddy was alive or not, he turned around and walked into the carriage.

’Whoa, my man is so cool and he is still the same, believer of equality hehe...’ Fiona had stars in her eyes as she watched Vritra make all the arrogant people grovel on their knees within moments. Truly, there was none other like him.

She looked to the side and saw the same enchanted expression on Diana’s face, while Vanessa looked at her son with pride and amusement.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...