Chapter 183: Trust

The goddess held his cock between her palms gently. After savouring the taste of the hot semen in her mouth, she gulped it down and began to lick over the glans, giving it a finishing touch.

Then she wrapped her lips around the tip and sucked at the tiny hole, pulling out any lingering cum still inside his cock. Rolling over the tiny semen she had just drawn out on her tongue, Diana moaned in satisfaction, then she drank it and looked at Vritra as if to receive a few words of praise.

Vritra moved away from her and stood in the air. Then, patting the goddess’s head, he nodded before speaking: "You did great."

Diana’s heart was filled with satisfaction as if all her hard work had paid off. Without even knowing it, she had started to act so servile in front of Vritra. Her whole body was extremely sensitive at this moment, and she wanted him to touch her more, punish her more, and torture her sultry body more.

"Get dressed up, we are leaving," Vritra said as he took out a new set of clothes from his inventory and began dressing up, while Diana was surprised, wondering if he was just joking.

{Sin Point Gained: Surprised +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Confused +1}

Even though she didn’t know much about sex, her pussy was still itching, as if something was still missing. She felt so unsatisfied, wanting him to do much more than just eating her up.

"T- The punishment is over? Y- You aren’t going to continue? I- I think my crimes were worse than that, I- I might need more to repent over my mistakes," Diana spoke the shameful words in desperation, surprising herself that she was acting so hungry.

"This will be all for now. We will continue when I think you are ready. I won’t go all the way with you unless I trust you," Vritra replied.

If they had sex just now, then she would crave more without a doubt, but now that she was left feeling unsatisfied, she would be extremely hungry for him and would do anything to gain his trust.

Diana bit her lip, then she sighed and nodded. It seemed she would have to endure that itch. She understood why Vritra wouldn’t trust her fully, even though they were bonded by Nihil-Anima.

She really regretted her decision to try to kill him because of her greed. She rarely ever got involved in matters related to mortals and just lived her life in arrogance and reverence of her worshippers.

Of course, after spending some time with Vritra, she no longer harboured any thoughts of harming him and instead wished to be close to him like Fiona and his mother. But trust can’t be gained in a few days, especially when their start was so bad.

The two dressed up quickly, then they made their way out of the forest and soon found a carriage that brought them back to their hotel. Even though they hadn’t gone all the way, they had still done all those lewd things in the open. Now that the goddess thought about it, her face turned crimson red.

It was already late into the night. Vanessa was reading a book and waiting for him as he entered the room. She smiled and placed the book away; his mother could clearly smell Diana’s scent on his body, though it wasn’t the first time.

"Did your trip go well?" she asked, as she climbed onto the bed and lay down.

"Yeah, it went very well. Though I would have to wait for the big event, the opening of an inheritance there..." Vritra lay beside her and told her about the news.

Slowly, he planned to tell her about everything—Divine Sin Wheel, his skills, encounters, dangers, and his first wife. And since Fiona had also become his woman, he felt like opening up to her a bit, though it would still take some time for their relationship to develop.

After talking for some time, the two fell asleep in each other’s comforting embrace.

***

The next day was free for Vritra, so he decided to just go out and spend time with the three women, visiting different places in this new kingdom.

They woke up a bit late in the morning, and after taking a bath together, both of them dressed up. Then, taking Fiona and Diana along, the four made their way out of the hotel.

After a few hours, Vritra planned to spend some private time with Fiona, going on a date with her, and then return to his mom as the day ended.

While roaming aimlessly over the streets in the market, Vanessa spotted a big shop containing a vast number of art pieces. She was really interested in them, so they entered the shop.

Vanessa looked all over the paintings, statues, and all kinds of beautiful art pieces with excitement. Even on Earth, their house was filled with expensive art pieces; the hot succubus really loved them.

Vritra, Fiona, and Diana also began to look at them. Though they had less knowledge of such things, who wouldn’t like beautiful things?

Just then, Vritra heard a group of three men talking about something—something that instantly pulled his interest.

"I can’t believe it. Why aren’t the Golden Moon killing that new demon lord?" the first man said, frustration written all over his face.

"Yeah, it is hard to believe. That emerging demon lord slaughtered so many people not long ago and hid in the Blue Kingdom. And now a rumour has been going around: Demon Lord Vritra has come to this kingdom after killing the king of the Dunshire Kingdom," the second man said with a shake of his head.

"Sigh. Why aren’t the people who are supposed to kill demons making any move against him? Imagine what kind of chaos he would cause here. How many innocent people would have to die by his hands before others finally take him seriously?" the third man said.

Vanessa was away and busy looking at the art pieces. Otherwise, she would have already smashed the heads of the three men for muttering such gibberish. But a fiery aura rose, and the temperature inside the shop increased.

Fiona felt really angry at those people who were saying all these false things about her man. She believed each word from Vritra—if he said he didn’t kill the king, then he definitely didn’t.

Vritra held Fiona’s hand and calmed her down, shaking his head not to lose her composure over something so small.

But somehow, the three men suddenly stood up and began to run towards the art pieces and smashed into several of them, breaking expensive statues.

Diana smirked as she used her ability to momentarily control the movements of the three men. Her holy energy gave her a lot of abilities—she wasn’t called a goddess for nothing.

Finally, Fiona smiled in satisfaction as the three men were dragged away by the burly guards of the shop. They were going to be in such a big debt.

Vritra shook his head at the impulsive women, but if someone were to say anything bad about his women, then he would do a lot more than that—so he understood their feelings.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...