Chapter 88: Clean off

"This crest intensifies certain emotions like lus— cough— of ours toward one another until we are craving each other madly, and the only way to keep everything normal is by exchanging our body essences." Vanessa spoke with her head tilted downward and getting embarrassed. She kept glancing up at him to see his reaction.

"That’s wonderful— cough— I mean what a strange ability you have but it does make sense, mom." Vritra corrected himself in time. He reacted too strongly. He really felt that he was just looking for some excuse to get even more intimate with his mother.

"I guess after I return, we can try to level up together in that manner... sigh now that we are on this path, we don’t have any choice but to go all the way." Vritra said, shaking his head while feeling excited internally.

"Yeah, we don’t have any other choice." Vanessa smiled seductively, it was as if both the mother and son wanted to keep up the pretence, even though their desires were obvious.

While chatting casually, the two began to eat. At one point Vritra saw something sticking to Vanessa’s upper lip, he picked up a cloth from the side and spoke: "Mom, you got something on your lips, let me clean it for you."

Vanessa swallowed the food and looked at him then she simply tilted her chin upwards, giving him easier access to her lips. Vritra stared at those juicy pink lips that looked far more tastier than anything and tempted him to take a bite off them.

{Sin Point Gained: Seduced +1}

Even the simplest moves Vanessa made were more than enough to seduce anyone, as the succubus queen, her charms were simply off the chart already.

He brought the white cloth close to her face but before it could clean the wet spot, his lips landed on hers first as he took her upper lip in his mouth and licked it with his tongue, cleaning it properly.

Vritra was surprised by his own action as he pulled back stretching her lip a bit before it was released with a soft sound, acting like that was the most natural action, he said with a smile: "There, all clean."

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

Vanessa remained silent for a few seconds then a smile blossomed on her beautiful face, looking even more gorgeous as she said:

"Thank you, honey."

Soon the mood relaxed and the two began to eat happily, Vritra knew that after he leaves danger might lurk around her; that was he was leaving his dear mother/wife in the most secure hands.

He had already grabbed the king’s and nine pacts’ attention, they might not think too highly of him for now but that doesn’t mean they won’t try to eliminate him or try to get some info out of him.

Vritra was more than eighty percent sure that someone is going to come knocking on their doors sooner or later, but he still has to leave for the tomb and bringing her along wasn’t an option as well.

Still he was sure no one would be able to harm her even a tiny bit.

Vanessa and Vritra spent the rest of the day together, their relation had become much more intimate already and the awkwardness was slowly disappearing, though it would still take a little more time to fully accept their new relation.

The night passed as the two slept peacefully in each other’s arms, their embrace was full of love and warmth.

...

Vritra woke up early in the morning. After taking a bath, he was going to leave right away, but Vanessa first made him eat breakfast along with her.

Finally, he was ready to leave. As Vritra stood outside the door, his mother looked a little upset. She wanted to stay with him so badly but also didn’t want to hold him back.

"Don’t worry, Mom. I will be back in just a couple of days. Also, don’t trust anyone other than Diana, and try not to leave the temple— or just don’t go too far away from here," Vritra said. Despite his arrangements, how could he still not worry about her?

"It is like I am the one going on a dangerous trip. Don’t worry about me and just return safely. I hate not being with you, so don’t take too long," Vanessa spoke with a pout, making him smile.

Then she smiled and moved closer to him, before giving a short kiss on his lips, pressing her lips against his for a few moments before pulling back.

"Come as soon as you can," Vanessa said, trying not to show her sadness.

"Yes, Mom, I will be right back," Vritra replied softly and then gently touched her cheek. In the next moment, his body disappeared.

Vanessa’s expression instantly turned sad as she stared at the empty air for a while, then she walked back into the room.

...

Vritra flew out of the temple and halted outside the castle boundary in the air. Then he removed the Fourth Dimension and decided to travel a little distance while flying, which would bring him quite a lot of Sin Points—plus, he needed to conserve his energy.

He didn’t fly at a high altitude or at a fast speed—just enough that everyone would get to see him, but not clearly enough.

The number of Sin Points kept increasing as he flew through the market area.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +164}

{Sin Point Gained: Awestruck +181}

{Sin Point Gained: Envied +211}

{Sin Point Gained: Revered +259}

...

He needed to collect more Sin Points again. Whatever this Divine Sin Arrow was, Vritra had a feeling that he was gonna need a lot of Sin Points later on.

The more, the better.

Just while he was midway, Vritra sensed someone calling out to him from the ground. He focused and saw a shining head on the ground; the man was waving his hands rapidly.

"Why is he here again? It feels like he appears anywhere I go. Sigh... I wonder if he also has some ill motive against me." Vritra decided to have a small chat with this monk— he didn’t like stalkers.

Just as he landed, Monk Shitless smiled and greeted him, "Pitiful one, it is me, Monk Shitless."

"Yeah, I know you. It is hard to forget someone like you," Vritra said nonchalantly as he instantly got to the point. "Anyway, why were you calling me? And have you been following me lately?"

"No, no, no, I wasn’t following you. I was just following my fate. As for the reason why I called you—if you don’t mind, can I also enter that place you are going?" Shitless spoke.

Vritra frowned and asked, "Do you know where I am going?"

"No, but I know it is going to be very fun," the monk replied.

Vritra sighed, and while rubbing his head, he refused, "No, I won’t bring you anywhere. Just go back to your kingdom or something."

"You don’t have to bring me along with you. I am very good at hiding, so I will arrive there on my own. Just promise me to protect me one time inside, and I will help you inside," Monk Shitless said.

____________

Thanks for reading...