Chapter 24: Squeeze~?

'Is this normal between humans from another world? Is this how they nurture their child or is it that thing... keeping the bloodline pure?' Yasmine was amused and intrigued by Vanessa's action. She could tell for sure that Vritra wasn't aware of any of it.

For a moment, she wondered if she should inform him about it but ultimately decided not to.

'It's not like she is going to harm him, and it is quite fun to watch. Heh, let's see how it turns out.' Yasmine had been quite bored before, but now it seemed her life was going to be full of surprises and fun.

As Vritra finished all the food, Vanessa had finally calmed down quite a bit, though internally she was still shocked at what she had just done. She looked and saw that he had eaten all the dishes.

'Sigh... I wonder how he would react if he were to know that I hadn't received any ability related to food but what I obtained was...' She lightly chewed her lip and continued with her thoughts:

'I obtained the physique and bloodline of a Succubus Queen, and even the abilities I have are all too... erotic. Even though we both get stronger with my abilities alone, the methods are just...'

Vanessa couldn't finish her thoughts, but no matter what, she would rather go through that shameful path than stay weak and not help her son in getting stronger, which will definitely put them both into extreme danger in the future.

"Mom, are there any leftovers?" Vritra asked, as he licked his lips. Experience points aside, the food was heavenly.

Vanessa mechanically nodded her head, took the utensils from Vritra, and walked out of the room with hurried steps.

"Hmm... she is acting a bit weird. I wonder what's mom thinking." He wondered, but it didn't seem like there was any problem, so he didn't think too much about it.

...

In the end, Vritra ate a couple more portions of the food. Even though he wasn't full yet, he decided to finally stop—albeit reluctantly. He rubbed his belly, pretending to be full. Now only the glass of milk remained.

To his right, Vanessa was eating her own food. Of course, her food was perfectly normal since her holy fluid wasn't going to have any effect on herself, and she would never add that magical nectar to her food even if it did.

Vritra picked up the glass of milk and took a small sip. The moment it touched his tongue, a rich wave of flavour overwhelmed his senses. It was sweet, creamy, and unbelievably delicious—so much so that he found himself pausing just to savour the lingering taste.

The sweetness spread in his mouth. After a brief pause, he gulped it down and felt a comforting warmth travel through his body and settle in his belly.

"Sweet..." Vritra muttered unconsciously. Even the milk tasted unbelievably delicious, like it had been bestowed upon him straight from the heavens.

"COUGH COUGH!" When Vanessa heard this, she choked on her food and patted her chest, trying to hide her bright red face.

'I-It's fine. It is not like he is drinking that for the first time; he's had this... kind of milk before, although a long time ago.' Vanessa thought, trying to reason with herself.

"Are you fine?" Vritra passed a glass of water to her. Vanessa nodded.

And then suddenly came the familiar messages.

++++++++++++++++

[+EXP Earned.]

++++++++++++++++

"Huh? Mom, even this milk is giving me EXP? So even if you just warm something up, your ability still works? That's incredible! No wonder this milk tasted so wonderful." Vritra exclaimed in surprise.

"Is that so? That's good to hear." Vanessa buried her face into her food and muttered in a voice as low as a mosquito's.

Vritra no longer paid attention to her strange behaviour and began to drink the milk slowly, savouring the creamy taste to the fullest. It was just the perfect temperature.

After he finished the entire glass, he looked at his mother with a delighted gaze and asked:

"Mom, is there more?"

Vanessa was once again bewildered by this, but now she was getting better at hiding the tremors of her body. Without meeting his gaze, she lightly shook her head and added:

"No, that's all for now. Next time I will squee—cough, bring out more."

"Oh, okay. Bring at least five—no, eight glasses." Vritra said, the sweet taste was still lingering on his tongue, while he observed her reaction secretly.

"E-Eight?!! COUGH COUGH!" Vanessa choked on her saliva. Vritra filled her glass of water and looked at her with worried eyes.

"Are you sure you are fine? Or did you get sick since you used your ability by cooking food?" he questioned.

"No, I am perfectly fine. Don't worry, that ability isn't taxing at all." Vanessa said, as she busied herself with eating her food again.

"If you say so... I am going out—" Vritra stood up and began to speak but was interrupted by his mother.

"Wait, why don't you sleep in this room? I would be much more at ease that way. You know, after you disappeared, how scared I was, I—I even almost..." Vanessa almost choked as she wiped her eyes, looking even more weak and fragile.

"Okay, I will." After answering, he walked out of there. Then he walked into his own room. It was already getting dark, and from the distant sound, he could tell that most of his classmates had returned to the castle and seemed to be talking outside.

As soon as Vritra entered his room, he sat on the bed and fell into deep thoughts:

'Something is definitely wrong with mom. No matter how much she tried to hide it, I can tell she was very nervous, and the problem seemed to be the food and her ability... and what was that about squeeze?'

He thought about it for a few seconds but couldn't figure it out. But at least he was sure that she wasn't in any danger. She was just being sneaky and doing something without telling him. Vritra decided to think about it later, as there were more important matters right now.

"Let's eat first. Yasmine, make sure the smell of the demons' meat doesn't leak out of this room." He said and then pulled out meats of different demons, from lava hound to minotaur.

"Sure." Yasmine immediately enveloped the entire room with a layer of aura, stopping the smell and even sound from leaking.

Vritra wasted no time as he began to feast on the large amount of demon meat. Now it seemed only it could resolve his hunger, and it no longer tasted as bad. In less than twenty minutes, Vritra was done with eating. He released a long breath and rubbed his belly.

'If I am not wrong, then Diana will call me tomorrow. She must be quite desperate to get her hands on my ranked 20th Mythic Halo. Heh, I wonder what kind of expression she will make tomorrow.'

Vritra knew that the goddess had misunderstood which Mythic Halo he possessed. In fact, with Yasmine's help, he had made the invisible flames look a bit milky, plus Nihil-Anima was still incredibly weak, so she fell for it.

__________

Thanks for reading...