Chapter 564 The Weak Group

Drino chuckled, watching the small family before him. Did they really believe their pitiful strength would be enough to stop him?

There was still quite some time before he got weakened by the planet's rules.

'I never expected Divine to have invested so much in someone here, he is already a demi god on such a weak planet.' Drino thought, seeing Vritra's capabilities.

Fighting prowess, perseverance, fearlessness, he didn't just receive all that as a gift, and Divine must have sent him through hell to make him this strong.

'But what if that god decides to take away my treasures? I would have to hide them properly.' The demi god was already thinking of ways to hide his loot.

Just then, before anyone could react, Fiona shot toward him.

Vritra tried to stop her but his body was still healing so he couldn't react in time.

Her body transformed into red flames, losing any resemblance to a human.

'OH!! The undead mythic halo!!' Drino saw the blood red flames and his eyes widened in shock, this was one of the most sought after mythic halos.

Even more than nihil anima, as it could literally turn one into an immortal and possessed such destructive power as well.

Drino was overjoyed, how could his luck be this good? Three mythic halos in one place and on top of that, all were at the top of the rankings.

This was far more than he had asked for.

"Haha! Even your family knows how to make a guest happy, they came on their own to deliver all these treasures to me!!" Drino laughed madly, he might be a demi god but these treasures could instantly increase his strength by leaps and bounds.

Fiona's body had become intangible, the temperature of the surroundings rose dramatically as everything got consumed by the red flames.

Drino kept laughing madly, just one punch would be enough to severely injure her even with that mythic halo.

She was just a lord, how strong could she be?

BOOOOM!!

A loud sound reverberated as Drino's punch sent a shock wave through the air. Vritra teleported close to them but the punch had already struck Fiona's body.

But unlike their expectations, the punch just passed through her body, then the flames covered his right arm and quickly climbed onto the demi god's face.

Drino let out a grunt as his eyes started burning, Fiona reappeared a dozen or so meters away from him.

Not even a scratch on her body, the blood red flames continued to burn over his head and arm, it was nearly impossible to put the flames out.

And Drino was well aware that if he used his mana to stop the flames, then he would just be providing it with fuel.

The flames were dangerous but still didn't threaten his life, if he could just kill Fiona and take over the undead flame then everything should be fine.

Turning toward the redhead, Drino let out an enraged roar but right before he was about to charge forward, a long piece of cloth wrapped around his feet.

And he was actually unable to free himself or tear that simple looking cloth. Glancing back, he saw Vanessa controlling it.

He was just about to attack her, but suddenly a large door opened behind the woman with white hair.

"A- A lesser goddess?" Drino looked surprised but his surprise turned to shock upon sensing the holy energy as the ethereal gates opened.

"T- There is no way you can control a god's power!!" Drino shouted in bewilderment, as he could sense the strength of several gods coming from inside those doors.

Diana had her eyes closed, her body was glowing brightly, making her really seem like a goddess.

The enormous gates behind her opened completely as extreme pressure descended upon Drino, then a hand took form in the air whose size was hundreds of times bigger than the demi god.

The space trembled, Drino tried to move but was held in place momentarily by the tight cloth wrapped around his feet.

And he couldn't properly use his mana because of the red flames, in the next moment…

BOOOOM!!

The large palm struck the demi god's body, he was only able to hold on for a moment before getting blasted into the ground.

Diana coughed after exhausting all of her mana, her body started falling but Vritra caught her in his arms softly.

"Oh!" He stared at the combined attack of his wives, he was quite surprised to say the least.

It seemed they really weren't as helpless against the demi god as he thought.

"Are you okay?" Looking at the goddess's beautiful face, he asked.

"Haa, yeah…" Diana relaxed in his arms and took deep, exhausted breaths.

"Here, drink this." Taking out a powerful mana potion, Vritra brought the glass bottle to her lips.

He looked up at Vanessa and Fiona, the two were perfectly fine as well.

The earlier strike was quite powerful but still it was not enough to kill Drino.

"Honey, let's fight together." Vanessa got closer to Vritra, the pinkish cloth floating around her body, she already had good control over it.

"Darling, don't worry, we aren't as fragile as before." Fiona too got closer and spoke.

Vritra really had underestimated his wives, he had gotten too used to protecting them, but this time they were the ones helping him.

"Alright, let's fight that lizard together." Vritra nodded, then he looked at Maeve. She was yet to receive any powerful treasure so she couldn't be of much help in the battle.

"Master, be careful." Maeve understood this as well, she didn't stubbornly try to fight.

Vritra smiled at her and then sent her into the divine realm as well.

After a moment, the angry demi god flew up, the red flames were still burning around him and deep marks could be seen on his scales.

"You are all going to die!!" he screamed, pulling out two long whips made of some metal.

But before he could swing them around, the magical cloth wrapped around them, Fiona once again turned into flames and disappeared.

Vritra had already regained most of his strength thanks to his wives, he too disappeared.

"You think you can stop me?!!" Since the cloth was unbreakable, he just pulled it forward, his strength was far superior to Vanessa after all.

But right then, a heavy kick landed on his jaw and after kicking him, Vritra disappeared, then Fiona reappeared behind him.

Waves of terrifying flames burst forth, engulfing his body.

Vritra used misty essence to make Drino's attack miss entirely, while letting nihil anima try to corrupt his soul.

The four of them began attacking Drino together. Although with the undead mythic halo, magical cloth, and god's tomb, the three women could attack the demi god.

But they were far too weak, so Vritra blocked all the attacks, protecting them while filling up the meter of radioactive fist.

Whenever Drino tried to attack anyone, he got attacked from three other sides and not a single one of his attacks connected.

Vritra let goop devour two more of his weapons, making his weapon even more powerful.

They kept moving around at high speed, defeating Drino still seemed impossible but at least together, they were holding on.

The demi god was getting annoyed, Vritra wouldn't let him attack any of the women and they kept interrupting him.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...