Chapter 87: Instincts

After the fight, Vritra returned to the castle. He didn’t have much to prepare for the adventure he would be going on the next day, so he decided to spend this time with his mother.

But before returning to his room, he decided to pay Diana a visit. Since he would be going on a very dangerous adventure the next day, even with his skills, he needed to leave behind some kind of safety.

The morning prayer had already ended. There were very few people still praying, while the priest, janitors, and others were busy with their work.

They looked and saw Vritra walking by. No one stopped him since they had already been informed by the goddess not to speak to him, not to obstruct him, and not to offend him.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +35}

{Sin Point Gained: Awed +34}

{Sin Point Gained: Seduced +9}

...

Vritra ignored the envious gazes of the men and the strange look from the women as he made his way up the stairs and toward Diana’s room.

The goddess seemed to be reading some sort of documents.

Using the fourth dimension, Vritra disappeared and appeared again right beside her. He leaned forward and whispered close to her ear.

"Hello, Diana."

{Sin Point Gained: Startled +1}

Diana’s body jolted as the documents fell from her hands. She was ready to attack, but seeing that it was Vritra, she could only get angry internally, as she took several calming breaths.

"C-Can’t you just enter through the door? And what kind of strange ability is that?"

Diana asked, not hoping to get any answer. Vritra certainly only possessed just one dust-related ability before. He must have found some kind of treasure to grow so strong so rapidly.

"Has there been any kind of important news or report you have received?" Vritra asked as he walked away from her and sat on the bed. He wondered if Diana had somehow heard about the Divine Sin Tomb.

"Sigh... well, nothing much. I was just reading the replies I have got from the Blue Kingdom.

I had informed them that we will be arriving there in advance as you had instructed me to." Diana collected the papers before setting them on the table.

"And what is their reply?" Vritra asked, not in a hurry to get to the main point.

"We can leave any time after a week, and it takes almost two weeks to arrive there even through the fastest travel," Diana said, as she walked toward Vritra.

Vritra nodded and wondered, "Two weeks huh... isn’t there anything like teleportation po— Huh? Wait, what are you doing?"

{Sin Point Gained: Craved +1}

The goddess naturally walked towards Vritra and knelt in front of him. Then her hands just as gracefully moved to free his member out of his clothes, but when he asked, her mind and hands froze.

’What am I doing?’ Diana’s face turned bright red. It was like her body had reacted based on instincts. Before she knew it, she was about to have another treat of that sweet, thick milk.

"Cough... weren’t you here for that?" Diana said, tilting her head down in shame. Even if he was here for that, how could she just take the initiative?

Even though that white thing tastes good—ughh what am I saying? Still, even so, why did my body just crave that? Yes, it must be this Greatest Demon Emperor’s fault.

"Of course I wasn’t here for that. Did you forget you got two free days? But if you really want it, then I won’t deny it." Vritra said, smiling towards the goddess.

Diana stood up hastily as she acted proud and arrogant. She turned her red face away and spoke in a tsundere tone: "Hmph. Why would I want that? It is because you keep making me do those weird things."

{Sin Point Gained: Resented +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Charmed +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Corrupted +1}

The goddess glanced back and felt that it was a pity that she didn’t get to do it— she shook her head instantly and threw that thought away. Something was definitely wrong with her brain.

"Answer my question." Vritra said. He had given her two days of freedom, so he didn’t say anything.

Only by stick and candy method could she be controlled. The only important thing was that the stick wasn’t a normal stick here, but a very very special one...

"What question... oh, that. There are no teleportations here in this kingdom; there is no one capable enough to create one here."

Diana turned her head toward him and answered simply. It wasn’t the smallest kingdom, but it was even below average when compared with many others.

"Anyway, I will be going out for... hmm, a couple of days or maybe more. During this time, make sure to take the best care of my mother." Vritra said, as he stretched his arms and then stood up.

"Oh, where are you going? And of course, I will do my best." Diana nodded, staring at his face. For some reason, he seemed even more handsome and tempting than yesterday.

"You don’t need to know that. Just be safe and protect my mother." After speaking, he disappeared, leaving behind a confused and curious goddess.

’He is so mysterious, but I am sure when he returns, he might become even more of a monster... sigh, what have I gotten myself into? At least those sweet treats are nice—ughh I am going mad.’

...

Vritra then returned to his room. Vanessa wasn’t in the room. She must have gone out to prepare lunch for the two of them. She loved to make food for Vritra, so she used the kitchen herself and made food.

Of course, she wasn’t adding that special ingredient to the food now. After all, Vritra had direct access to it now.

Vritra sat on the bed and began to imagine all kinds of scenarios—not just for the big event the next day but even for their escape from this kingdom.

He planned to send Vanessa away to the Blue Kingdom along with Diana first. Then he could create a bit of chaos before making his own escape.

Then they would reunite in the Blue Kingdom. Just leaving this kingdom wasn’t an option. He had to think of ways to throw off the Nine Pacts, otherwise they might end up grabbing unnecessary attention.

While Vritra was deep in thought, the door to his room opened and Vanessa walked in carrying a tray with several plates on it. A sweet scent instantly filled the room, grabbing his attention.

His gaze drifted toward his mother. This sweet and intoxicating smell didn’t belong to the food— it was Vanessa’s natural scent.

She wore a loose and modest blue dress, but Vritra’s eyes were locked onto his mother as he stared at her in surprise for several minutes.

{Sin Point Gained: Seduced +1}

He had not seen her for just a few hours, but it seemed she had become several times more beautiful.

Her voluptuous body looked even more ripe. Maybe it was the changes brought by the formation of their bond, but she looked absolutely gorgeous and terrifyingly hot.

"What’s wrong, honey?" Vanessa smiled sweetly as she put away the tray of food on the table and walked toward him.

"Mom, you look very beautiful." Vritra mumbled. Even a thousand words wouldn’t be enough to properly define her charms.

"How sweet, thank you." Vanessa leaned toward him and pressed her moist lips against his cheek, giving him a kiss.

"Let’s eat." She said, pulling Vritra’s arm.

Something in the way she looked at him had changed. Vritra himself found it difficult not to pounce on this beautiful lady.

"So mom, now that you have obtained that crest, you can use all your bloodline and physique-related abilities?" Vritra asked, as the two sat on opposite sides of the small dining table.

"Yes, I can. But there is something I wanted to share with you." Vanessa spoke, a slightly shy look appearing on her beautiful face.

"Well, I also have something to tell you." Vritra said, as they began to eat.

"Then you go first." Vanessa said, as she brought a spoonful of rice to her mouth.

"Okay, so I am going to leave again for some time. It won’t be as long as the last time. I will be back in two or three days, most probably.

And I am going on a special adventure tomorrow morning, but it isn’t too dangerous." Vritra lied.

She would protest strongly against this trip if she were to know how dangerous it truly was.

"Ah, is that so?" Vanessa’s mood instantly dimmed visibly. She felt very sad at the fact that she would have to be away from him again.

It seemed that hollow feeling had increased even more now. She was already feeling very sad.

"Just be careful outside, and return to me as soon as possible." Vanessa said after a few seconds. She had even lost her appetite all of a sudden.

"What did you want to tell me?" Vritra asked, trying to change the topic. He didn’t want to see her sad, but going there was important, and he couldn’t bring her along.

"Oh that... because of this crest that I obtained after bonding with you, the speed of skills leveling up will increase greatly for both of us, but..." Vanessa paused as the redness returned to her cheeks.

"But what?" Vritra asked as he shifted forward slightly. He already had the answer in his head.

"This crest intensifies certain emotions like lus— cough— of ours toward one another until uhm we..." Vanessa began to speak, as Vritra listened to her with full concentration.

{Sin Point Gained: Tempted +1}

________________

Thanks for reading...