Chapter 78: Helping Suckubus Mommy-4 [R-18]

Vritra ate up his mother for several minutes, his lips and mouth were completely wet because of her love juices; his tongue rolling and twisting inside her pussy, as more and more of her hot nectar leaked out.

After a while, Vritra decided to stop his eating session for now. Though it was a pity, there would certainly be lots of opportunities to eat out his mother—no no no, I am only doing this to help mom out, what am I thinking.

He slowly and reluctantly pulled his lips away from her petals as his tongue was pulled out from her pussy, even though her folds were clinging tightly to his tongue.

He panted heavily and looked at her vagina before his gaze moved up to her face.

Her eyes were half closed, and the kind of expression she was making right now... it was so erotic. Something in Vritra’s mind almost snapped, but he calmed himself in time as he sat back.

"Huff... Are you alright, mom? I think we are both ready for it now." Vritra spoke as he licked his lips.

"Hmmmm~ Y- Yes, I think y- you just need to enter me and I- I will get the crest." Vanessa said as she prepared herself mentally to have his thing go into her body.

Vritra nodded. He held his cock and pointed the tip at the entrance of her vagina; first, he rubbed the tip of his rock hard cock against her twitching petals until the head was completely drenched.

"Aahhhnnnn~ hnnnnggg~"

Just feeling this hot tip against her lower lips had such a strong effect on her that she was moaning wildly. Her pussy had become very sensitive after getting sucked.

"Mom, I am going to enter," Vritra said, as he held her thigh with the other hand and gently began to push his penis forward, as her petals separated and began to swallow his hard member.

Vanessa bit her lips as she closed her eyes. All her senses were focused on her lower body; it really seemed like her body was solely made for pleasure. Just the tip had entered, yet waves of pleasure shot through her body.

Vritra continued to move his waist forward, as more and more of his cock was swallowed by his mother. The soft, burning flesh was slowly clinging onto his cock, her folds gripping it with intense force.

Just half of his cock had entered and Vanessa could no longer hold back her moans.

She held the blanket tightly as her body rose slightly; she could feel so clearly how his large penis was tearing and reshaping her pussy according to its own shape and size.

Then suddenly, Vritra gave a hard push forward as Vanessa’s mouth opened wide and she wasn’t even able to breathe. His penis reached too deep into her body, poking the soft entrance of her womb.

Her pussy tightened exponentially instantly, as a slight bulge appeared over her belly.

Vritra too groaned in pleasure.

That tightness and warmth, the texture and wetness—everything was too much to handle. It was thousands of times more pleasurable than the blowjobs he had received from the goddess. Vritra almost ended up coming.

But taking a deep breath, he stopped himself. Neither of the two moved, as they remained connected by a very deep bond.

At the same time, they stared into the empty space as they read system messages that had just popped out.

[Bond Formation with The Succubus Queen in progress.]

[Fill her with your essence to complete the bond.]

...

Both Vritra and Vanessa were startled by this message. So just putting it inside wasn’t enough for her to get the crest—she actually needed to be filled with his semen to complete the act.

"...Mom, haa... should I uh... move?" Vritra asked. His penis was being squeezed too tightly by her pussy, especially the tip that seemed as if it was about to break through a forbidden boundary.

Vanessa took a calming breath. Her whole body had become too sensitive; she was so close to orgasm. He was poking deep in her belly, and without even trying, her folds kept slightly rubbing against the length of his dick.

She nodded, as her gaze moved down to the place where the two were connected. Vanessa instantly felt embarrassed—his thing was actually buried deep inside her body.

’I can’t believe we are actually connected in such a manner, but it feels so good like nothing else... I wish I could keep him buried inside me forever—no, what am I thinking, he is my son.

Ughh, this is just to help me.’ Vanessa thought, finding it hard to move her gaze away from the place where their bodies connected. He was completely buried into her body.

This was the first time for them both. The sensation was simply overwhelming; Vanessa felt only slight pain, but an unimaginable amount of pleasure by keeping it inside. For a moment, she even felt that whatever they were doing was just perfect; taboo or not, how could something feel so good?

After seeing her response, Vritra’s hand moved to her waist as he began to pull his cock back. But her wet, fleshy walls were clinging to it so tightly that he had to use more strength just to bring half of it out.

SMACK

Then he thrusted his hips forward and pushed his cock even deeper. While looking at her erotic expression and responses, Vritra began to move back and forth. Each thrust brought a lot of pleasure for both of them.

The hard rod rubbed against her wall and hit her insides like a meteor.

Their sweaty bodies rubbed against one another, the temperature of the room reaching the highest point as the lust of the two completely overtook them.

Their lips met in a burning kiss as they embraced one another, his penis drilling into her pussy with more force every second—constantly molding the shape to belong completely to him.

Her lustful moans became muffled as she released them into his mouth, their lips dancing from one mouth to another, each thrust bringing them closer to the climax.

Just after a few minutes, the mother son pair could no longer hold on. Their lips separated as they let out pleasurable sounds and came at the same time. The last thrust Vritra gave instantly broke through the last barrier as the head of his cock moved into her womb, making her vagina explode with love juices.

SPURT SPURT

At the same time, Vanessa felt a burning hot wave of semen rushing straight into her body. It hit the walls of her womb with great force.

More and more cum shot out of her son’s penis and filled her belly, painting her insides with his magical milk.

"Aaaannngggg~ Oooooohhh~ Haaaaaah~ huff... So hot!! H- Honey, you are filling me up... Mmmmmm~"

The two hugged each other tightly, the cock buried the deepest into her body as Vritra let out the biggest amount of semen—almost as if his mother’s pussy was going to suck him dry—while her juices splashed over his body.

[You have successfully formed the Infernal Bond with the Succubus Queen, your bounded mate.]

[You have obtained the Infernal Crest, the symbol of your eternal bond with your soulmate.]

[You have obtained Natural Hypnosis.]

____________

Thanks for reading...