Chapter 90: Divine Tomb-1

STEP STEP

All the gazes were drawn towards the entrance as they heard the sound of the footsteps. Nine Pacts had already gathered all their members, so they thought it was a member of the Golden Moon.

The same was true for the Golden Moon. They thought that the new member must belong to the Nine Pacts.

Unless, of course, it was someone entirely different, so they all waited to see the new participant.

Whether it be someone in the black or white robe or something different altogether.

The footsteps drew closer and soon the silhouette of a person came into view, and after a few silent moments, his figure finally became clear.

This person wore a robe, its left side was white while the right side was black. He wore an elephant mask with the number Zero written on his forehead, and there was a plus sign on his chest, with a single letter inscribed in each of its four arms.

When read from left to right it formed two short sentences:

’FUCK NINE PACTS!!’ and ’GOLDEN MOON THE GREATEST!!’

But when read from top to bottom, it formed:

’FUCK GOLDEN MOON!!’ and ’NINE PACTS THE GREATEST!!’

{Sin Point Gained: Observed +11,101}

{Sin Point Gained: Glared At +11,101}

{Sin Point Gained: Amused +11}

...

The people on both sides were looking at him in confusion. His half white robe and golden animal mask were like the Golden Moon, while his half black robe and the zero number on his forehead resembled the Nine Pacts.

’Damn this bastard, so he is on the Golden Moon’s side? How arrogant to curse the Nine Pacts so openly. He is lucky to live for a couple more days.’ Number One thought, feeling angry.

’This evil bastard, so he is on the Nine Pacts’ side? These cultists are going out of hand. Tch, the moment this mission is over, I am going to slaughter him first.’ The dragon masked man thought.

Both sides were feeling very angry just from one look at him.

Vritra stood between the two groups. He had even used the skill Natural Hypnosis to induce the thought that he belonged to the other side in their heads.

He had turned on his shameless switch. The one to come here wasn’t Vritra but Daddy V, he planned to cause as much chaos as he possibly could.

Vritra was informed about Golden Moon in advance by Yasmine, unlike the Nine Pacts which is a dark organisation with hidden motives and brutal means.

The Golden Moon is like a government to the entire continent. They are the law enforcers that are feared by most of the dark organisations and kingdoms. They even have the authority to directly kill the royal family of most kingdoms as long as they find something wrong.

They are divided into several groups, like the ones present here are called White Moon Executioners. These people are solely responsible for hunting down the humans of dark organisations. It is quite a fearsome organisation which could be said to be the ruler of the continent.

Both the dark and white organisations couldn’t fight right now. They were unsure of each other’s plans and preparations, while revealing themselves and wasting resources right now would result in a failed mission.

Vritra glanced at both his sides. Most of the gazes were fixed on him. Just by his entrance, he had gained quite a bit of Sin Points, but him acting like this had another reason— he would be able to fool both sides.

"Oh, that friend of yours is actually here. He is quite strange, but I don’t think he has any kinds of bad intentions towards you," Yasmine spoke as she saw someone familiar not too far away.

Vritra looked around. He understood that she must be referring to Monk Shitless, but he did say he is quite good at hiding, and with their entire bodies covered, it would be a bit difficult to recognise him—

"..." within moments, Vritra saw a bald head on the side of the Golden Moon. He was wearing a white mask and seated on his bull. Indeed, he was hiding very well.

Shaking his head, Vritra decided to ignore him as he first turned towards the left, where the Golden Moon was gathered. All the eyes were fixed on him.

Then he turned and faced the Nine Pacts. Both sides only now noticed that there was something written on his back too. They squinted their eyes and read it...

"Enter 10 Meters, If Your Birth Was A Team Effort And Still A Misfire!!"

All the men collectively took one step back, as they frowned and then almost rushed forward to kill this person who had appeared out of nowhere.

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +11,101}

{Sin Point Gained: Furious +10,996}

{Sin Point Gained: Blood Boiling +10,888}

{Sin Point Gained: Glared At +11,101}

...

Vritra smirked. Before any side could take action, he shouted out loud:

"What are you ass licker twats staring at? Do any pig among you dare to attack me when my strong group is here to back me up?"

Vritra did his best to sound as disrespectful as possible, making both sides angry at the same time.

{Sin Point Gained: Enraged +11,101}

{Sin Point Gained: Locked On +9,863}

{Sin Point Gained: Cursed +10,855}

...

Both sides felt extremely angry. The two leaders glared at each other. Both thinking that if the other side wasn’t backing him up, this detestable person would already be cut to pieces.

"Keep your members in check," Number One said angrily.

"I should remind you of that. Don’t cross the line," the dragon masked man said. Then both looked at Vritra and said almost at the same time:

"Boy, behave yourself."

Vritra smiled under the mask, as he glanced at both men and nodded:

"Yes, leader, I understand haha, but what can I do when the other side is full of twats."

’If only the other side wasn’t backing him and we weren’t about to enter the tomb, I would have already sliced him in two.

How shameless of them to bring someone like that here, the dark/righteous organisation has become truly shameless and pure evil.’ Number One and the dragon masked man thought at the same time.

They both sent death stares at one another, while believing that the other person was reading this killing intent as a warning not to touch this person.

{Sin Point Gained: Snapped +11,101}

{Sin Point Gained: Threatened +7,329}

...

"Hmph, let’s not waste any more time here and head inside. Get ready, everyone." Both the leaders warned their teams, completely ignoring that person for now. He was going to die quite soon anyway.

The atmosphere instantly turned solemn. All the people took out their weapons, shields, or whatever they had prepared. They would have to face the unknown right after passing through that door.

Vritra nodded, as he too decided to pull out his legendary weapon.

"Now, behold the most feared and deadly weapon—a weapon wielded by the strongest warriors from the east!

A sure kill weapon that humans and demons fear all the same, made from the greatest materials in the entire universe! It is called... the Death Bringer—" Vritra continued to praise, but was interrupted by the furious shouts of the two leaders.

"ENOUGH!!"

__________

Thanks for reading...