Chapter 399: Crow

As Vritra and Maeve entered the igloo, they walked into a corridor. Even from inside, it seemed to be made of ice and the temperature of the air was quite low.

There were several rooms on both sides but they all seemed to be empty, though Vritra could clearly sense that there were people hidden in all those rooms.

"Don’t worry master, those people are weak as hell; they won’t be a threat to us even if they want to. They just like to remain hidden." Maeve explained, sensing Vritra’s probing.

"What exactly is this place?" he asked. There were at least a few thousand people in this igloo so it can’t be some small organization.

"Like the name written outside, this place is called the World Information Centre and it literally does that.

It is one of the biggest organizations in the continent though its combat power couldn’t compare to the ones like Bone Blood Cult, the big families, Nine Pacts, Golden Moon, or many others.

But if you could find any information in the world then it will definitely be here." Maeve praised.

"Yeah hubby, we can get most of the information here. This place is also famous for their costly charges; they sell even the smallest news like the rarest diamond." Yasmine added.

After walking for a while, they arrived in front of a special looking room, as it alone was painted black in the whole igloo.

"This is the place our informer is. He is quite eccentric so don’t get too angry; I will handle it." Maeve said; she had already returned to her true form.

’There are humans, demons, and many other races here; how do they not have any conflict?’ Vritra wondered; maybe it was run by someone super powerful.

Maeve directly kicked the door open and walked inside, speaking: "How are you, Crow? Can I enter?"

"Ughh my doors, damnit, why are you here again? Didn’t I tell you to just get any information through the communication glyph?"

From inside, a man’s crow-like voice sounded. Vritra entered and was surprised to see the man with a crow’s head and body of a human.

"We have a vee~ry special guest here, and the information we need is very important so I came." Maeve answered before turning towards Vritra and explaining:

"This is Crow, one of the managers of this place."

Crow held an important position in the W.I.C; his strength was also at the general rank, there were very few managers in this place.

"Oh, you brought a customer?!" Crow’s eyes shone; he straightened up and tightened his tie, dusting off his expensive suit.

"Tell me what sort of news it is you want, but beware, you will have to pay first. I don’t like beggars stepping in my room." Crow said.

A news item had no fixed price; he could sell any news at any price.

"Crow, mind your language and he won’t be paying anything for your news." Maeve said, her eyes glowing dangerously.

"What? You know it is the policy of our organization; we only tell news for free to our members and outsiders have to pay. I can’t break the rules." Crow said righteously, putting a cigarette in his beak.

"Is that so? Fine, then you will be answering me." Maeve nodded, then turned to Vritra and asked: "Master, ask me whatever you want."

’Damnit this crazy demon, she found a loophole in the rule. Anyway who is this guy, why is she calling him her master, hmm interesting.’ Crow thought.

Vritra was in no mood for their drama. He pulled a chair and asked: "What has happened in the continent in the past few days? Tell us just a little about all the special events."

After he finished, Maeve turned to Crow and spoke:

"What has happened in the continent in the past fe-"

"Stop you don’t need to repeat, I understand I will answer your questions sigh." Taking a puff of the cigarette, he leaned onto the table and spoke in a whisper:

"Give me a millio- cough Give me a gold coin and I will let you in on a secret."

"..." Vritra frowned but Maeve added: "Haa It is fine, this is just his style."

She pulled a gold coin and tossed it at him; Crow caught the coin, he bit it and then put it away.

"The prince had turned into a man from a eunuch at his 19th birthday, he was so happy to finally have some balls."

Hearing this Vritra rolled his eyes, wondering if it really was as good of a place as Maeve and Yasmine said it to be.

"Stop your nonsense and answer, why is there suddenly a curfew all over the continent?" Maeve spoke, almost smashing his head into the wall.

"Anyway, the mess in the continent started ever since that announcement. At first things were still silent but recently there have been many changes and many big movements." Crow spoke in a serious tone; after a dramatic pause, he continued.

"First the city outside the continent getting destroyed, even the general named Sirius was so badly injured that he seemed to be searching for the people who healed the prince for some reason.

Anyway, after the recent marriage event, the whole palace was destroyed. But that was just the start, things only got more interesting."

Crow now got lost in the storytelling, leaning forward as he spoke: "Griffith was killed by some demon, for whom the search is still going on.

Oh right, Raelion and Maeve, the demon siblings they were also being chased haha I so wish I could rat you out."

"Try it." Maeve had a small smile on her face that made the birdman shiver; he averted his gaze from the sexy fox and looked at Vritra.

"You won’t believe, the prince was killed right in front of the emperor. And finally, the last bomb was dropped by the empress- oh sorry, she is no longer the empress." Crow continued to speak.

Vritra was quite surprised upon hearing about Yenni. His expression remained unchanged acting like he didn’t care about her at all but he was somewhat eager to hear her news.

It wasn’t easy to just kill the love and forget her all of a sudden; there are a few things that even time might not erase.

"Yennifer Gratt, not only she broke off that fake engagement but even exposed several of the King’s dirty secrets that put him in deep trouble.

Cough Give me a gold coin and I will let you in on a secret." Crow spoke.

Maeve sighed and threw yet another gold coin; after checking which he spoke:

"Darius’s relation with the other three emperors had turned ugly, this whole curfew isn’t just to silence all the news but also to stop the upcoming trouble."

"..." Vritra listened to it all; he didn’t know what to feel about Yennifer’s actions anymore, not sure if he could trust her again and afraid of going through the same pain.

"What about the Golden Moon, Nine Pacts, Bone Blood Cult or any other big organization or family, have they made any big movements?"

Vritra questioned, while a part of his mind was still busy with thoughts of Yenni.

"What about the Golden-" Maeve was about to repeat but was stopped by Crow.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...