Chapter 206: Investigators

"Yes, actually, if you don’t mind, I wish to stay in the castle for a short while. I need to borrow a few resources while I stay. Of course, I will help you with any tasks you have for me. But if it’s not okay, I will immediately leave along with my sister," Vritra said, releasing a tired sigh.

"Huh? Of course you can stay here, who can say no to that?" Henry said hastily. How could he separate from the love of his life just after meeting her?

’Sob, why me?!! Why do I have to pretend to be a woman? I am a monk for demon’s sake. I can’t believe I have to do this, but... Vritra is a little scary. If I didn’t agree, he really might have turned me into a eunuch.’ Monk Shitless thought, feeling really uncomfortable in this appearance.

"By the way, Sonia, are you single?" Henry asked, trying to sound as casual as possible.

"Of course she is completely single and ready to mingle—I mean, she has reached the age of marriage and we are looking for the perfect husband for her," Vritra said before continuing.

"Someone handsome, rich, strong, from a good family, respectful, kind, caring..."

Each quality Vritra pointed out, the crown prince compared it to himself and felt his chest swell with confidence. He wondered who could be a better husband for the beautiful Sonia than himself.

"Why are you waiting here? Let’s go inside. I will prepare rooms for you immediately—the best ones in the castle.

Well, my father is currently in a meeting or I would have brought you all to him and asked to marry—cough, anyway, let’s go," the crown prince said and led them toward the castle.

He walked beside the irritated Monk Shitless and pointed toward various things, singing songs of praise for himself.

Vritra had given Bob to Shitless for safety. It wouldn’t be good if the prince actually made some move on the poor monk—that was no part of the plan.

The loyalty of the crown prince toward his kingdom and the king was famous all over the land. He wouldn’t do anything that his father objected to.

But a woman could easily sow discord between two men, and this work was given to the Monk. Vritra planned to use the crown prince to murder the king.

Though it would take a little more time than just directly killing him, it was a safer option, while he could also use all sorts of resources.

’Wifey, it is time to raise your level and empty the storages of this kingdom. The treasures here should be much better than the previous kingdom. After I have gotten a rough idea of this place, we will do it. I wonder how much of your strength will return this time.’ Vritra thought while following the prince into the castle.

"If there are no external people here, then you can easily handle almost everyone with your current strength," Yasmine said. Vritra was getting stronger so fast, especially after obtaining that divine sin wheel—his strength had just skyrocketed.

For now, others might not treat him like a big threat, even after the rumors of him being the next demon lord spread.

But if they were to know his growth rate, they would certainly bring Vritra to the top positions of their kill list.

"This is our humble abode. Do you like it, Shit—I mean Sonia?" the crown prince asked as he pointed toward the majestic castle, feeling even prouder.

He glanced at Vritra and wanted to appear good in the eyes of his future brother-in-law. Then he began to speak of his achievements, though almost all of them were done by the people working for him.

’Oh right, when I was fighting those people in the Dunshire Kingdom, why didn’t they use their full strength? I felt that they were much stronger than that, but despite getting beaten so badly, they didn’t go all out,’ Vritra asked, ignoring the crown prince.

"There is a rule set by an organization—that the strength they can display in particular kingdoms can’t cross a certain level. If the Golden Moon is the government and police among the humans of this world, then that organization is the one that makes sure everything is going fine.

They only interfere in big matters which involve the lives of millions or more. They make moves secretly, and each member is extremely strong. They hold equal or probably more power than the human emperor himself.

Well, with your luck, we will be meeting them sooner or later—but it’s better to stay away from them," Yasmine explained. This world was too big, and giving all the information to him just wasn’t possible or optimal.

’Oh, sounds like a troublesome organization. What are they called?’ Vritra asked as he sensed several footsteps getting closer.

"It is called..." After a dramatic pause, she added: "The Divine Kage Organization!!"

’Oh, Divine?!! I wonder if it is related to that Divine—’ Vritra’s thoughts paused as he saw a group of men walking toward them. Among them, the king looked the most eye-catching because of his flashy appearance.

"Father, is your meeting finished?" the crown prince asked with a respectful bow of his head.

"Hmm, do we have guests? Yes, I was seeing our important guests out—oh, is that Jin Woo? I didn’t expect to see you so soon, young man." The king laughed and patted Vritra’s shoulder before looking at all the people standing beside him.

Vritra observed the group of four that was walking beside the king. They wore ordinary clothes, but their strength seemed far from ordinary, and they certainly weren’t from this kingdom.

"Thank you, my lord. This time I came here to meet the crown prince. Ah, and this is my family," Vritra said as he focused on Henry’s expression.

After gazing at Diana and Fiona, his gaze moved to Vanessa, and after narrowing his eyes as if he remembered something, he continued to look further. Thankfully, he didn’t recognize Vanessa nor could he sense the aura or whatever of a succubus on her.

"Oh, and who is this?" Henry asked as his gaze landed on Monk Shitless, who felt as if he was about to cry.

When he was a man, no woman paid him any attention—but right after becoming a woman, a prince had already fallen for her, and now the king was in the process.

"Father, this is Jin Woo’s sister ’Just Sonia.’ They will be staying here in the castle for a while with us," the crown prince said as he hastily stepped forward. He was afraid that his father might take a liking to this woman.

"Oh, that’s good. Stay here as long as you want," Henry said, narrowing his gaze at the beautiful and busty Sonia. He could almost sense that same aura around her as he did before on Vanessa.

’Is she a succubus as well? I wasn’t able to get the last one. Looks like the gods sent the compensation right to my door. I won’t let it go this time,’ the king thought.

"Are you Jin Woo? I am from the Golden Moon, and we are investigating the death of King Aldric and thousands of innocent people," one of the four men stepped forward and spoke.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...