Chapter 458: The Gods’ lackey

[D-Day 9]

As the dawn broke, Vritra woke up early, but after the late-night action, both women were tired.

He moved out of the bed and let them sleep, then after getting ready, he prepared a light breakfast for the two and woke them up.

Vritra was sure they wouldn’t be happy if he left while they were sleeping.

After having breakfast together, Vritra finally left the city of charms. He was just happy that in a few more days, his mother would finally be out.

And if nothing went wrong, then he would really be able to unite with Yasmine properly.

He directly flew back towards the arena, where both Yennefer and Maeve would be waiting for him.

In just a few minutes, Vritra was right outside the arena, but right outside, he met General Sirius.

"Hello, General." Vritra spoke, he was already back to his disguised form.

"Haha, hello Daddy— I mean, Sir V, what a fine morning this is, don’t you think?" Sirius spoke, gazing towards the sky, seeing the faint image of the sun through the mist.

"Yeah, it certainly is a great day. Anyway, you want to speak about something important?"

Vritra questioned. He didn’t want to waste time; so many sin points were waiting for him inside.

"Actually, the emperor handed me the treasure you asked for. I hope this is to your liking." General Sirius handed Vritra a crown that seemed to be made of wood.

"Thank you, General, also thank the emperor for this gift." Vritra took the crown and checked its status.

He frowned slightly, as this was not as great as the luck treasure he got back in the Dunshire Kingdom, but still better than nothing.

『

[The Crown of Favourability]

[Description]: A crown made by the unfortunate witch, the stealer of fate. It can increase your Luck stat to twice for twenty seconds.

』

’Well, it seems I will have to do with this for now. Better than nothing, and even if I end up wasting some points, I can just earn more.’

Vritra thought, sensing the big crowd of people that waited for him inside.

"This is perfect, just what I was looking for. Let’s head inside, also please enjoy the show as always."

Vritra said with a smile, as the two headed inside.

While talking with the general, Vritra thought about a doubt he had been thinking of for a while now.

’Wifey, you said as the comprehensions of the field increase, people can form their own domain.

Yet even till now, I haven’t seen a person use their domain, even when they die. Not even Raelion.’ He questioned.

"Since it’s a rule set by the Divine Kage organization, and, well, if without permission anyone uses the domain, the consequences could be really bad." Yasmine answered.

’All the people are that afraid of that organization? Is it made solely of humans? Their strength is even above the lords or something?’

Vritra was intrigued upon hearing it. Normally, Yasmine wouldn’t talk much about that secretive group.

"That organization is too mysterious, but I know they have direct connections with the gods. I haven’t really seen someone from that group in action, though.

There are many mysteries in this world that are too dangerous to even think about." Yasmine sighed, aware of how many people had died opposing the Divine Kage organization.

’I see, then let’s hope I don’t encounter any of them for the time being.’ Vritra thought and decided to push this topic to the back of his mind.

’It is time to get rich, earn millions of sin points.’ Vritra thought as he stepped into the arena, which was already so crowded.

[Sin Point Gained: Watched +456,343]

[Sin Point Gained: Welcomed +456,322]

[Sin Point Gained: Urged +453,089]

...

This truly seemed to be a paradise specially designed for Vritra.

After meeting up with Maeve and Yennefer, Vritra announced the new changes to the game and got the crowd more excited.

As more and more people joined the games.

***

Days passed rather peacefully and were full of harvest, as Vritra continued to farm millions of sin points daily.

No enemies came for him, neither was his identity blown in the past few days.

Each day was just full of bliss as Vritra spent time with his women and kept growing at the same time.

But as days passed on, Vritra had a strong feeling that extreme danger was approaching, and it was a storm strong enough to sweep away everything.

So he finally decided to use the sin points he had gathered over the past several days.

...

[D-Day 2]

The game was going on, and Ziggy was in a really bad condition after getting hit by various glyphs and Diana’s potions.

And the pig had finally given up completely, knowing fully well that no one was coming to his rescue and that each day was just going to be this extreme torment.

And so Vritra finally killed the piggy, of course secretly, while making it seem as if he was killed by one of the persons in the crowd.

"Congratulations, you have hit a big jackpot!! You have killed the demon Ziggy, son of a Demon Lord."

Vritra said while clapping, looking at the man who was overjoyed.

But upon hearing this, the cheerful man quieted down, as he questioned: "D-Did I hear you wrong? That was the son of the Demon Lord? T-That piggy wasn’t lying all this time?"

Many other people were shocked to hear that, but Vritra continued in the same cheerful tone:

"Don’t you worry, our emperor has taken the responsibility of killing Ziggy, so just enjoy your money while the emperor deals with that Demon Lord."

The man was still fearful; after getting his money, he quickly left the place and decided to hide properly for a while.

Of course, Vritra had already told the emperor about Ziggy, and by just fanning his ego a bit, mentioning Yennefer once, was enough to rile up Darius.

The emperor was ready to fight back against the Demon Lord Glutton.

And Vritra hoped that it would further keep things busy for everyone, but the tension in the continent had increased greatly recently.

More and more forces were deployed all over the place; even the emperors and seats of Golden Moon could be seen going around.

After an hour or so, Vritra ended the game, yet another day with lots of points passed peacefully, as he waited for his mother’s return.

As all the people left the arena, Vritra flew closer to Maeve and Yennefer, while all their helpers left.

It was like they had started a job, coming daily here for the same purpose, wondering why they were even doing it in the first place.

"Let’s head back." Vritra said, as he gazed at the distant shadows. Seeing so many strong people roaming around made Vritra realize the need to power up; it was finally time to rise!

After returning to the hotel, Vritra left the two ladies inside the room and entered one of the pages of his dimensional book, where only one other person was present.

The beaten Demon Lord, Raelion Zuke.

Ignoring him for now, Vritra opened his status panel with anticipation to finally look at his harvest; he hoped it to be higher than last time.

And as his gaze landed on the number, Vritra was actually shocked.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...