Chapter 662 The Snakey Bird

Once Vritra could use all his skills, those gods or even the higher beings would be nothing.

That Titan Fall was one of a Titan's skills as well, it gave immense strength to the Titan whenever they felt danger.

They could actually use it freely and would just need to rest for some time, unlike Vritra who used it as a demonic dragon.

Thankfully he already possessed Divine's bloodline and physique at that time.

Seeing Vritra grow stronger, Divine felt relieved, it was nearly impossible to create a Titan.

His success was due to Vritra and his own genius.

'Looks like I have mostly completed my part here, this avatar of mine won't last long. I can still help him a bit longer, but that avatar will still be with him.'

Divine thought as he gazed at the others in the group.

Turning around, he flew away, those pesky insects wouldn't leave him alone.

His own self had become an enemy of himself, making Divine sigh.

…

Vanessa, Yasmine and the others had received injuries during the short battle, though none were serious.

And with Diana being there they were all healed pretty quickly.

"That tornado is devouring so many mutants!!" Yennefer exclaimed, just hoping for Vritra to be safe.

"Maybe their blood is needed for hubby's nourishment? I think he should be fine, still let's stay careful." Yasmine spoke, her eyes focused on him.

Though the group had no choice but to keep moving backwards as the tornado kept getting bigger and bigger.

Vritra's bloodline unconsciously had activated one of his innate skills.

Just like his ability to devour others' physique he could devour the bloodlines, the lifeforce and the blood itself.

A giant mutant, whose body resembled a human, ran into the tornado trying to devour the blood.

But his hands were instantly torn to pieces then the mouth, and within moments, his whole body disappeared.

Seeing the scene everyone was shocked, the big mutant was killed just like that.

The Ascension Path doesn't affect anyone's stats, it not only opens the path for further evolution and transformation, but also grants stronger abilities.

Yasmine and the others had already moved around ten kilometres away from the tornado, it was still getting stronger.

The sky rumbled, electricity coursing through the dark clouds, and snowfall stopped altogether in the entire city.

The snow on the ground over a large distance was already swept away.

It suddenly appeared as if night had descended, lightning thundered and fell with a deafening roar.

It looked powerful enough to kill anyone, the nine of them had no choice but to move under a building.

They watched the tornado with worry, but had no way to help him.

THUNDEERRRRRRRRR!!

Suddenly, an especially terrifying, thick and powerful bolt of electricity descended right towards the centre of the tornado.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

A loud explosive sound followed and dozens of buildings started shaking violently, like trees in a storm.

There was not a single window left intact inside the entire city, but the strange thing was, this electricity didn't seem normal.

The tornado was finally blasted apart by the lightning bolt, an enormous crater forming in the ground.

"Honeyyy!!" Vanessa felt her heart shake in fear, this lightning might have really hurt her son.

All of them hurriedly began to move forward, but they had not taken more than ten steps when an earth shaking screech reverberated.

KRRRRRIIEEEEKKKKKK!

A silhouette became visible in the sky, much bigger than any mutant they had seen, as it spread its wings.

And then it descended.

The wind created by its wings made the rubble fly away and finally its figure was revealed.

It was an enormous mutant bird, though aside from the wings it didn't look anything like a bird.

Its body was more like a snake, with a long beak and big terrifying claws, its body over 30 feet long.

"Wha-!!" their bodies instinctively froze for a moment, this thing was far too dangerous.

More deadly than anything they had witnessed in this apocalypse.

Then the mutant bit down on something and swallowed, letting out another screech and with a flap of its wings it disappeared into the sky.

Maeve and the others were shaken out of their stupor, their hearts sinking as they quickly ran towards the spot Vritra should have been.

"H- He is gone…?" Yennefer mumbled, her eyes wide and chest feeling tight.

"That m- mutant must have taken him!" Teresa exclaimed, biting her lips to the point of feeling pain.

"It moved in that direction, if we hurry, we might be able to catch it. I don't think pitiful one could just die." Shitless spoke, with confidence on his mutant like face.

"…" Vanessa nodded, and they looked around, soon finding the mutant wolves and their carriages.

When the tornado had appeared the wolves had moved away on their own, thankfully.

Getting into the carriages, they moved in the direction of Riverdel at full speed.

Was that city filled with such dangerous creatures? This thing, it had truly mutated into something far from possible.

"Mom, don't worry, hubby will be fine." Yasmine said, though her own hands were shaking.

Most of the mutants had been killed earlier so none attacked them as they strode forward.

"Our strength has increased too!" Maeve spoke in surprise, earlier Vritra had killed a lot of mutants.

It seemed, he and they along with him had benefited from it.

"Our mutation isn't far from 100%, but how are we even going to do anything to that bird?"

They felt depressed and powerless but all they could do now was believe in Vritra and follow after it.

***

Inside Riverdel City, large groups and organizations had already formed a month or two after the apocalypse had appeared.

People who advanced quickly and had powerful abilities became the leaders, some were good and some became tyrants.

The city in which Vritra and the others had descended could be said to be one of the cities furthest from the tower and so the evolution was slower there.

With weaker mutants, which is why Divine had dropped the group there.

He could have directly sent them close to the tower, even forgetting the chance of getting discovered, they would all be killed instantly.

A couple of players had already grown to terrifying levels, not to mention the mutants and few humans of this planet.

They were given special abilities, to pose a challenge for the players.

This was a level 3 game, so the difficulty was very high and the danger even higher.

Near a tree, two groups were engaged in a fierce battle.

One side wore red colored clothes while the other was wearing purple.

A fruit like stone could be seen growing over one of the branches of the tree, glowing faintly.

The humans and the mutants all maintained a distance from it.

Humans fought among themselves while the mutants fought among themselves, as if they had some sort of agreement.

"Ergen, we are the ones who have been guarding it for a month now, back off!!" a guy wearing a red outfit shouted.

"Grrr As if guarding something makes it yours. Then I guarded my childhood friend for ten years, was her waiter, frustration punching bag, weren't you the one who took her in the end?

Offer me your wife and I will give up on this Ascension Path." The guy in a blue outfit spoke in a very thick voice.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...