Chapter 136: Happy without him?

"Every demon you fight here will have a badge on its chest, the one with the highest number of badges will be the winner in the end." The commander explained as he gazed over the teenagers.

’Sigh, at their age I was busy playing and pranking my teachers. These young fellas... they haven’t even experienced the true despair of this world. They shouldn’t have been called here.’ The commander sighed internally. Only one or two would survive against the demons and the rest would end up dead.

"Is there any doubt?" he asked, and after no one spoke, he gestured for them to move.

Twin brothers went in one direction, Max went to another, while the pair of Tyler and Jace silently followed behind him. Vritra headed in another direction and coincidentally, Fiona seemed to have chosen the same direction as him. She maintained a little distance but stayed close to him.

The guards spread across the place and began to watch over them, ready to take action the moment the need arose.

After ten or so minutes, when Vritra and Fiona had travelled a bit farther, they heard the sound of a demon. It was a snake demon and had the ability to crawl through the ground.

HISSSSSS

It suddenly shot out of the ground and viciously charged towards Fiona, who was taken off guard. Fire rose around her hands as she threw it at the demon, but the fireballs only hit the tail of the snake, which didn’t slow it down much.

But before it could get close to her, Vritra hit the head of the snake with a dust hammer, turning it to minced meat in an instant.

"Kiyaaaaah!" Fiona screamed, as she jumped into his arms like a scared rabbit, clinging to him for her dear life.

"It’s alright, you are safe now." Vritra said as he patted her back lightly.

"Oh... Huff, huff... T-Thank you..." she glanced back and saw that the head of the snake demon had been smashed into the ground.

She separated from him and took a few long breaths, patting her heaving chest. After she calmed down, she began walking slowly, loving his protective presence.

Now that she thought about it, he had always been there to protect her, keeping her safe from any and every danger.

Vritra and Fiona walked side by side slowly in the shade of the trees. There were faint sounds of the wind rustling and the distant sound of demons. Surprisingly, even after several minutes no demon disturbed the two, as they enjoyed each other’s presence.

Vritra had been ignoring the occasional messages that had been popping up. He glanced at them as another message appeared.

++++++++++++

[+EXP Earned.]

[You have Levelled Up.]

[All stats grow by 1]

[You have obtained 1 Allocation Point.]

++++++++++++

It seemed his soul wraiths were hard at work. For him only one day had passed, while for them it should be a little over five days. They were fighting the strongest demons constantly—countless of them—and growing alongside Vritra.

Meanwhile, Fiona had thoughts of her own.

’I wonder how he got so strong. Just what happened in that labyrinth that changed him so much? He only had that dust ability originally... wait, dust, then in that game... don’t tell me?’ Fiona suddenly halted as her thoughts reached a conclusion.

"Uhm, Vritra..." Fiona called out.

"Yes?" Vritra paused and turned to look at her, as the two stood face to face.

"In that special game of yours, did you use your dust ability to control the movements of the dice? Is that how you won the last two rounds?" Fiona spoke. Thinking about it, it made sense. The last two rounds were a bit strange after all.

"Huh? Why would I do that? Do you think I would choose such a low trick?" Vritra shook his head as he took the exact two dice out of his inventory.

"Oh, so you really didn’t?" Fiona looked at him skeptically.

"Yeah, I didn’t. Why would I use that obvious trick?" Vritra rolled his eyes as he passed the dice to her, and Fiona looked at them carefully.

"But I did play a trick." He smirked, and with a snap of his fingers all the dots that represented the numbers on the dice turned into dust before floating away in the wind.

Fiona stared blankly at the two plain-surfaced cubes, her eyes wide with shock.

Then she lightly tapped on his chest, muttering: "You really are such a bad boy."

Vritra caught her wrist and pulled her closer, then he pressed her back against a tree and brought his face close to hers.

"W-What are you doing? We can’t do this here. What if someone sees us?" Fiona whispered as she tilted her head down, feeling shy since people might be watching them right now.

"Don’t worry, no one is watching us. Anyway, there is something important I have to tell you." Vritra said, as he lightly pressed his lips against her soft and moist pink lips before separating after a couple of seconds.

"Tell me what?" Fiona didn’t dodge his kiss as she asked, enjoying the sensation of his lips on hers.

"I am going to leave this kingdom in a couple of days along with my mother." Vritra said, as he looked into her eyes.

"H-Huh? Why? For how long?" Fiona’s mood sank instantly. All that funny feeling in her belly disappeared instantly. She suddenly felt as if her heart had become hollow.

"I probably won’t be returning to this kingdom again. Aren’t you happy that you will finally be able to have a good life with the love of your life?" Vritra said as he let go of her hands and took a step back.

"..." Fiona wanted to speak but no words came out of her mouth. How could she feel happy about this? She had just started to realise her first true love—not just a crush, but someone who made her feel happy, protected, excited, and so much more.

Her heart sank at his words and all emotions drained from her face. She watched as Vritra turned and began walking away slowly.

’I would not be able to see him for a very long time... those kisses, hugs... all that will be gone too.’ Fiona’s mind rolled as she realised that she was falling deeper for him from the moment he saved her the first time.

She had tried not to accept it till now, but the pain in her chest made her realise that she had already fallen hard for him.

She gulped with difficulty, and her feet moved on their own. She didn’t want him to disappear from her sight or her life. At first slowly, and then she ran behind him, hugging him from behind as tightly as she could.

"C-Can I come with you?" Fiona asked. From her voice it seemed she really was about to cry.

"..." Vritra remained silent for a few seconds, and that silence seemed to make Fiona feel sinking pain.

******

Some distance away in the forest, Tyler and Jace, who had been silently following behind Max, glanced at each other and could see the fear and reluctance in each other’s eyes.

It was time to start the final part of their plan—something neither of them wanted to do.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...