Chapter 33: Her Training-1 [R-18]

[A/N: If you don’t want to read the R-18 part then you can skip a couple of Chapters.]

Diana stared at the burning rod that was held softly between her delicate palms. She had heard a little about the men’s genital—after all, females sometimes talk about such matters, and with her senses, she would end up listening to them even if she didn’t want to.

This thing definitely looked quite big, but she had heard that it should be hard, and now it felt slightly soft. Her hands were slightly trembling as she held his penis. She looked up at Vritra’s face, thinking to ask if his thing was defective.

Of course, she wanted to taunt him, since she couldn’t bring herself to follow up with the next actions. How could a goddess lick the genital of a mortal?

Her dignity had hit rock bottom.

"You know you can give up if you are too frightened." Vritra spoke when their eyes met, with a look of disdain on his face.

"Hah, why would I be scared? I was just wondering if this is defective, it is so soft." Diana spoke, trying to hide her embarrassment and slight fear, while her palms unconsciously tightened their hold.

"Well, doesn’t that mean you are just not attractive enough? Even though you are already holding it, I just can’t feel anything." Vritra... lied. Just like Diana, he too was a noob, just on a smaller scale. Just the soft touch of her warm palm felt quite good.

But again and again, he kept trying to provoke her, hitting all her soft spots.

"You think I am not attractive enough? Just wait and see, you will be begging me to stop." Diana announced in a loud and clear tone, her eyes were filled with scorn, confidence, and defiance.

’I did say that, but how does one actually do this?’

Then her gaze returned to the thing she was holding tightly. Her confidence faltered, but after taking a deep breath, she decided to prove that as a goddess she was omnipotent, omniscient, and invincible.

Her red plump lips parted slowly and hesitantly, and she extended her tender pink tongue and gave the tip a brief lick. Her brows furrowed at this strange and unfamiliar sensation and taste.

Vritra felt as if an electric bolt had passed through his body as soon as her delicate tongue made contact with his sensitive flesh. He never expected this level of stimulation.

He leaned back slightly, his hands resting on either side of his body as he took a deep breath and looked down at the dazed goddess.

"Continue."

Vritra wanted to feel more of that wonderful sensation. As he spoke, he couldn’t help running his fingers through her silky white hair, caressing her head gently.

Diana shot him an angry and defiant glare before getting back to work. She could already feel the penis in her hands slowly getting hard and bigger, but her focus was completely on something else right now.

Her soft tongue once again moved forward tentatively. This time her lick wasn’t as short; she held the cock even more tightly because of her nervousness. Her tongue circled around the head and then licked the tip.

Diana once again pulled her head back, this time the taste even stronger and somewhat... sweet?

She was quite puzzled. The goddess had the thought that his genital would smell bad and taste even worse, but there was clearly no bad smell and the taste wasn’t repulsive at all. Unconsciously, she had just licked off a tiny bit of his precum.

She secretly glanced up at him but couldn’t see his face clearly since he had tilted his head back. Then she looked down and finally noticed how big the penis had become.

’Does he think I am attractive now? His pe—his thing became so big, heh I won.’ Diana’s eyes were full of defiance and arrogance. She finally felt like she had won over him, even if it was in this aspect.

She ignored his hand that was still caressing her head.

"Since it got big, are we done?" Diana asked. The cute goddess really had no idea about any of it.

"What do you mean?" Vritra finally leaned forward. He stared at her with an intense gaze and added, "We aren’t done until I cum."

"Ah..." Diana finally remembered something about it. Taking a deep breath, she resigned herself to her fate and moved closer to him.

Once again, her soft tongue came in contact with the glans. This time, without stopping, she began to lick the head, soon tasting more of that sweet fluid. After being confused for a few seconds, she finally understood—the more she licked, the more of that liquid would come out.

For the next couple of minutes, the goddess diligently but hatefully continued to lick his penis. Her soft tongue moved all over the tip and covered it in her warm saliva. She was especially focused on the glans and the center.

She had noticed when she licked and poked that area with her tongue, Vritra showed a stronger reaction, and more precum would leak out. She really wanted this to be over as soon as possible.

Vritra stared down at the embarrassed and beautiful red face of Diana. Every few seconds, she wouldn’t forget to throw a hateful look at him; she looked really alluring and cute.

The pleasure and excitement sent shivers through Vritra’s body. His breathing grew faster; he couldn’t believe that he had almost missed such a great thing. It was especially exciting since a goddess was doing it.

A few more minutes passed but there were no signs of the end.

"Why aren’t—huff huff—you done yet? How l-long do I have to—SLURP—do this?" Diana asked without stopping the movement of her tongue.

"It feels... very good, but if you haa want it to finish, then put it in your mouth and suck it. Otherwise, you will have to lick it for at least an hour." Vritra lied again. He really might have come if he wasn’t holding back. Her clumsy tongue felt extremely good.

"W-What? Suck it?!! Are you mad? I am a Divine Goddess, this is too much." Diana finally paused. She glared at him and just wanted to walk away, but...

’Sigh, I have already done this much. Doing a bit more shameful wouldn’t matter much; I have to do this.’ She made up her mind and didn’t want to argue helplessly with him.

She was well aware of what he would say.

—Well, you could give up if you want, but as a punishment you would have to walk on all fours across the capital.

Even though she had decided to do it, she had no idea what to do after putting it in her mouth. Vritra could read her expression, so he decided to help this cutie but defiant goddess for now.

"Take it in your mouth first, and then lick it from inside. Also, don’t let your teeth touch it. And then you have to move your head back and forth." Vritra spoke. He too had vague knowledge of it.

’S-So humiliating, so shameful... so hateful.’ Diana cursed in her mind a few times.

__________

Thanks for reading...