Chapter 431: Murder in the kingdom

The three generals were seated outside on a round stone bench, still shocked at the fact that their lord and his daughter were in a relation.

Maeve didn’t seem to know the truth but the lord was definitely aware that it was his daughter, then why would he?

Thaddeus, Morvik and Silquor were still depressed over that matter when suddenly, clouds covered the entire sky.

In the next moment, a clear image of the queen’s bedroom appeared over the clouds.

Everyone was aware of how big of a slut the queen has become but the thing they saw now baffled them all.

"I- Is that Young lord Raelion? H- He is with... with his mother? What the hell is going on? What sort of family love is this?" the three generals almost went mad upon seeing that.

Even though Raelion’s body was buried under that large fat body but there was a small painful smile on his face, as if he was still enjoying it.

"Oh lord, what has become of this land? So these two were in that relation?" Silquor’s back straightened, as he fell back in shock.

Every demon present inside the Voromir kingdom was watching the whole act, of course Vritra wasn’t visible in it.

"But why are they displaying it all over the kingdom?" Morvik questioned.

"Sigh you don’t know, some people has some special kink, this one is called exhibitionism.

This is low even for us demons." Thaddeus spoke, shaking his bull like face.

***

Back inside the room, while the mother son pair were busy, Vritra continued to absorb the large demonic energy.

Yasmine was working hard to convert it, as the queen’s body slowly began to become thinner.

Under the influence of misty essence and null, the pair didn’t notice a thing as both of them had even their life energy sucked.

"Wifey, stop whenever it get huff too much... for you." Vritra said with difficulty, the Essence core in his body was rapidly expanding and growing.

"Don’t worry hubby, with all these... soul potions, I am fine." Yasmine replied.

As minutes ticked by, the size of the queen’s body reduced at a visible rate.

Within just 2-3 minutes, her body had reduced by more than half, yet they hadn’t noticed anything.

The whole process continued to be carried out and in a short period of time, the queen’s weight had been reduced to less than fifty from a few tons.

Nearly all the demonic energy from her body had been taken away, that she had spent so many years to gather.

Finally, Yasmine stopped as she returned to Vritra’s body, feeling exhausted. After this she would just focus on resting and absorbing soul potion for a while.

Vritra took several long breaths, the soul essence was happily devouring every bit of the demonic energy.

Then he stopped Null and misty essence, ready to get the main show started.

...

Raelion who had been having the time of his life with so many beautiful women, releasing his essence non stop, gradually felt the weight decrease.

In the end, when he opened his eyes, his body froze in shock; his eyes almost popping out at the sight in front of him.

Sitting on top of him was a woman he could still recognize, it was his mother after all, though unbelievably thinner.

The queen also felt that something was wrong, her body felt so lighter, as if she was in heaven.

’Is this how it feels to have a handsome demon? Sigh I feel so light, but I didn’t accidentally kill him right?’ the queen thought with worry and finally opened her eyes, then she froze in terror as well.

"R- R- Raelion?!! Wha- What are you doing here?!!" the queen’s body shivered, the handsome demon was nowhere in sight and she was actually on top of her son.

Then she noticed her own body, so thin, only skins and bones.

"!!!" both of them were completely baffled, unable to speak a word at everything that has happened suddenly, their world has turned upside down.

"Whoaaa! Would you look at that? Raelion, you truly love your mother huh, but how did you manage to reduce her size so much?" suddenly Vritra’s voice sounded from behind them.

The pair was feeling quite tired, especially the queen, she felt like a deflated balloon.

"Y- You demonic bastard, so it was your doing!!" Raelion cursed, something in his mind broke, he couldn’t accept reality.

How could he be with his slut of a mother, disgust crept into him and he vomited, only for the liquid to fell over his own face.

The queen finally returned to her senses and got even more shocked to see her size reduced so much.

She had worked hard for years, fucking hundreds of men every day and sucking them dry literally.

And now it was all gone because of her own son? She went mad, screaming like a maniac she clutched Raelion’s throat and tried to kill him.

"You u- ungrateful brat, huff huff I am going to k- kill you!" she screamed, and tried to strangle Raelion despite being so weak.

On the other hand, Raelion only became angrier and in his rage he slapped his mother.

BANG

Her weak body instantly exploded, throwing pieces of meat and bones all over the place.

Though it was only her upper body that had exploded while her lower body remained positioned over her son.

Vritra even sensed that somewhere in that bloody mess were several life flames and one felt really familiar so he suddenly teleported and picked a tiny bead which contained Maeve’s life flame.

[You life pact has been broken.]

Suddenly a message popped in front of Vritra, and he could feel that the blood pact maeve had formed with him has been broken.

In the moment, Maeve burst into the room, she had sensed the loud explosion just now but instantly she was frozen in shock.

First she glanced at the bed, where Raelion was lying back with only the lower half of a woman’s body on top of him and Vritra was standing not far away from the bed.

He looked completely clean, unlike the rest of the room.

Without anyone noticing, Psyche devoured the soul of the queen that was trying to escape, and so the Queen has been successfully killed.

Outside, everyone saw that it was Raelion who had killed the queen right after the sex, of course not before devouring all her energy.

"H- He killed his own mother..." the demons were all just as shocked, even though demons did not trust one another, but it was different for Raelion and the queen.

They all have to trust them, and now the queen was killed.

Raelion was immensely shocked himself, he couldn’t understand anything until a few moment had been passed.

"I- I killed her?" but then seeing her lower body, he jumped away from the bed, throwing his mother off and wearing his clothes.

"It’s all because of you, you killed her. You planned all of this, y- you bastard, you even made me sleep with that... that disgusting thing. I am going to tear you apart!"

Raelion was even more enraged than the time when he saw the love bite on Yennefer’s neck.

He simply went mad at all the absurd things that had just taken place.

Vritra stored away the life flame bead then he looked at Maeve with a questioning gaze but this was not the time, so grabbing her arm he flew out.

"Haha what a loser, did you like the taste of that big fat body of your mother?

Just imagine, how many diseases you might have caught, how many people have been there before you, how disgusting..." he didn’t forget to pass a comment before rushing outside.

"Aaaaaaaaah You are going to dieeeeee!" Raelion screamed, he tore his own cheeks in madness, eyes turning blood red.

"What’s going on?" Maeve asked, she couldn’t understand anything.

"Wait for me, I will explain it all to you soon."

After saying he teleported Maeve into his dimensional book. The whole play was yet to end, there was still some more he needed to do.

As the two flew out into the open sky, Raelion who was charging forward like a mad bull, froze once again in shock.

He looked up at the sky and couldn’t believe his eyes.

Just now thousands of demons have seen the whole act, from him fucking his mother, then absorbing all her demonic energy and in the end, killing her viciously.

The same video was repeating again and again in the sky.

"W- What? This... You scheming bastard, what have I ever done to you? Why did you do this to me?" Raelion truly broke at this moment, going absolutely crazy.

"Hmm Well nothing personal, but you seemed to have bullied my woman a lot, its just a small payback.

Oh right, I heard you love Yennefer, haha have you heard she broke her engagement with the emperor? That’s only because of me, you see she is also one of my women." Vritra said.

"UWAAAAAAAH!!" like a beast, Raelion let out a deafening roar, rushing towards Vritra to kill him, all these blows were too much for him.

’There is still some time before the scheduled time, let’s keep him busy here for a while.’

Vritra thought and just used misty essence to make Raelion fly in circles all over the realm.

He landed on the ground and brought Maeve out, and before she could speak, he asked:

"So you removed that pact huh? Why now of all times?"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...