Chapter 64: Helping a Horny Damsel-1

Max was in a very good mood, he dressed in the best clothes he had presently and picked a fresh red lotus from the garden as he made his way towards Fiona’s room.

He had even forgotten about the incident earlier in the day, though he still planned to take revenge against Vritra; he had imagined this scene countless times in his mind and finally he was going to propose to the girl he loved so much.

Because of the fight in the day, everyone in the capital was on high alert so the security was extra tight. Max discreetly walked in the darkness, excitedly moving with slow strides.

’Finally, after today we will officially be girlfriend and boyfriend, now no one would be able to take her away from me,’ Max thought. He had seen love in Fiona’s eyes for him, she had definitely liked him for quite some time.

After arriving in front of her room, Max cleared his throat and called out her name in a low voice, but after a few seconds the gate didn’t open so he raised his hand to knock on the door, tightly holding the rose flower.

Even for a bully like him, it was a day of great importance. He felt so lucky just at the thought of spending the rest of his life with such a beautiful and wonderful girl in this world— they would be the strongest couple.

Max felt funny in his belly at this thought and couldn’t help but let out a small silly laugh, before adopting his usual arrogant expression.

But before his hand could even touch the door—

BANG

Max’s head was smashed against the wall as out of nowhere a hand grabbed his head from the back and thrust it forward, smashing his face into the wall. He instantly fell unconscious as his head slowly slid down the wall, creating a long line of blood.

"Heh, that was easy. How naïve of you to think that you could have such a happy moment in your life after trying to kill me. This is just the start," Vritra mumbled as he cleaned his hand against Max’s clothes. Then he picked up the rose with a grin and was about to crush it.

Suddenly, the door opened slightly and from the darkness inside, a slender pale arm stretched out. After clutching Vritra’s clothes, the arm pulled him into the darkness and the door shut closed.

And again the corridor was full of silence, as Max lay unconscious on the floor, blood leaking out of his forehead.

Inside the room, Vritra was surprised at being pulled inside and being pressed against a wall. As his eyes adjusted to the darkness, he saw Fiona standing so close to him, her face flushed red and her breathing very fast.

Her bosom kept rising and falling with each sultry breath. She could faintly see his figure in the darkness. Taking the rose from his hand, Fiona spoke in a low, sexy voice even before the other person had said anything:

"I accept. I love you too, Max. Huff... And now I need you."

She threw the flower back onto the bed and cupped his cheeks tightly, her eyes glowing with a pink color. She felt extremely hot right now.

{Sin Point Gained: Lusted After +1}

’What is wrong with her? Did she eat some aphrodisiac?’ Vritra asked, surprised by her bold behavior. She appeared so horny right now that only the shape of a heart was missing from her eyes.

"It must be because of your mom, the aphrodisiac had already spread across her body," Yasmine replied before falling completely silent.

"Wait—mmmph~"

Before Vritra could speak, Fiona pressed her soft, moist lips against his, desire burning in her eyes. The feel of his lips against hers sent a pleasurable cooling feeling spreading through her body.

Vritra placed his hands on her shoulders, planning to stop her since he didn’t like the idea of doing any of this when she was practically drunk with lust. But Fiona held onto him with all her might, and her warm lips felt extremely tempting.

"Please... haa... I need you... mmmm~"

Feeling his resistance, Fiona whispered before taking his lips again. Then she parted her soft pink lips and gave a gentle lick to his lips.

’Sorry Max, I tried to hold back but...’

Vritra decided to help the poor girl opposite him, who had misunderstood him as her lover, a bit. He just wouldn’t go all the way.

{Sin Point Gained: Craved +1}

’Yasmine, is there a way to get rid of that aphrodisiac effect in her body?’ he asked while Fiona continued to hungrily suck his lips and bite them.

"Yes, the most direct way is by having sex. And other than that..."

After a pause, she added: "You know, because of that superior healing skill of yours, your body is always producing such high vitality—it will also help her cure by... you know, exchanging saliva a bit."

Vritra’s brows raised slightly but he nodded. A more passionate kiss was still better than just having sex—she should be very thankful that it was a good guy like Vritra she had accidentally pulled inside.

He himself was barely holding back his excitement. Whenever he imagined Max’s face and how he would react if he were to see the two of them kissing, Vritra almost wanted to go along with Fiona’s wishes.

Wrapping his hands around her waist, Vritra picked up the redhead and while kissing her, brought her to the bed. Then gently laid her down before pressing down on her with his own body; her hands were roaming all over his body suggestively.

Fiona had a hot body with nice curves. Her boobs were already quite big, though there was still space for improvement to match the level of milfs like Vanessa. But for a young girl, her body was perfect.

Gazing down at her flushed face that was filled with lust, her juicy lips that were slightly parted and begging him to bite and taste— looking like two pieces of the most delicious sweet in the world.

Her smooth creamy skin that seemed to be made of milk entirely and those two soft mounds that were squished against his chest— even her thighs looked so sexy.

She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer until their bodies were pressed tightly, and Vritra’s lips were once again locked with hers. This time, he took the charge. He had a mission to complete.

"Mmmm~ Hmmmm~"

Parting his lips, he pulled her lower lip into his mouth and bit it lightly, before sucking on it and licking it with his tongue. One of his hands wrapped around her waist while the other was placed over her head.

After he kissed her lips, Fiona eased up a bit and allowed him to lead. She just followed along and let her lips be devoured by him. In between, she kept speaking Max’s name, which only made Vritra more excited.

He separated his lips from hers for a moment.

Then gently, he pulled her delicate chin, holding it between his thumb and finger, to open her mouth only enough for his tongue to slide inside and find hers.

______________

Thanks for reading...