Chapter 38: Evolution-1

Vritra walked casually in the busy market while looking around, showing interest in different things in the market.

’Do you think we can kill them all?’

"Hmm, not all of them. We can kill more than half of the group, but there are a few who are quite strong and fighting them now could bring trouble later, so let’s just leave for now," Yasmine suggested.

’Alright, but how are we going to do that? These guys are following me like their lives depend on it.’ He felt a headache while sensing those prickly stares from behind.

"Leave that to me. As soon as you are out of their sight, I will take care of it," Yasmine said with confidence.

While Vritra was deep in thought, he almost collided with a large bull. Halting his steps, he took a step back, a bit surprised to see a bull walking on the street.

After focusing a bit, he saw someone riding the bull; it seemed to be a man in his twenties whose bald head was shining under the sun. He was holding a wooden staff in his hands and wearing an orange robe.

He looked like a monk, with half-closed Chinese-like eyes and a fox-like face.

"Hoho, please forgive me, pitiful one." The man spoke in a high-pitched voice that was a bit too thin for a man. Then he added: "Hello, I am Monk Shitless. I didn’t see you down there and almost hit you, please forgive me. If you don’t mind, can you tell me the way towards the temple?"

Vritra looked at the monk and sensed that his followers had paused too. After a moment, he pointed backwards and spoke: "Go straight from here."

"Okay, okay." Monk Shitless nodded with a smile.

"After going straight, ask someone else," Vritra added.

"Okay oka—sorry?" Monk Shitless was speechless, but then he narrowed his eyes and stared carefully at Vritra’s forehead. In a meaningful tone, he spoke: "I can see your fate. You!!"

Vritra rolled his eyes as he moved to the side and began to walk, but Monk Shitless continued to speak: "Be careful of all women, the ones you know and the ones you will meet in the future.

There might be dangers, heartbreaks, betrayals a— and wait... listen to me, the women around you might have hidden motives. Unknown women might even attack you in strange ways—"

Yasmine: "..."

’Wow, is he the real one?’ she wondered, since all women did seem to have some motive.

Take Diana as an example, then Vanessa—even though she didn’t plan to hurt him in any way—and then Yasmine; she too had lied to him a bit about something.

"Let’s leave," Yasmine said.

Vritra nodded and continued to move forward, ignoring the monk who shrugged and continued his journey on the bull.

Suddenly, Vritra took a turn into an alley and walked into thin alleys for a while, which appeared like a maze.

For a moment, Vritra was out of sight of the people following him, and right at that moment he disappeared from there.

Vritra’s vision darkened for a moment and in the next moment, he appeared outside the capital. He looked around and asked: "Teleportation?"

"Yes, after drinking all those soul potions, my strength has restored a bit, so this much isn’t a problem. In fact, even Nihil-Anima has recovered a little, and even though you have not absorbed all of it yet, your soul has also been strengthened," Yasmine said.

"That’s good. Drinking so many bottles of soul potion wasn’t a waste after all. My army will increase by a lot this time," Vritra spoke. After leaving the capital, he walked slowly for a while then looked back and said:

"EXPLODE!!"

Instantly, a large explosion shook the castle and lots of corpses that were placed in the inventories in advance exploded. There was chaos and confusion, and a part of the castle broke.

"EXHUME!!"

Then hundreds of shadows flew out from the inventories carrying random things from there as if they were stealing different stuff. A few of them even picked up the bricks as they rushed out of there.

After travelling for a while under everyone’s gaze, the shadows disappeared and soon returned to Vritra’s side, who turned and headed towards his next destination.

******

Vritra once again arrived in front of the labyrinth, which looked just as dangerous as before. The people some distance away from it were calmly conducting their merchandise, and many were entering and leaving the labyrinth.

"Haa, let’s get it done with." Taking a deep breath, Vritra entered the labyrinth and followed the same path as before. Instead of taking those stairs, he decided to fall down from the same trap since that is faster.

Arriving in that familiar hall, he stepped on the trigger and then his body was swallowed by the darkness as he fell down the slanted path. But this time, he landed safely without any injury.

"And we are back!!" Vritra announced. The walls were still covered with dried blood, except there was no fresh blood now.

"Shall we start or do you need some time to prepare?" Yasmine asked, as an enormous dragon’s ethereal figure moved out of his body and floated in the sky.

Then she reduced her size and circled around Vritra. He understood what she meant. He had already discussed his plan with her. Before starting with the demon waves, he would undergo the transformation of his bloodline and physique.

"How big will the transformation be? I will still have a human body, right? Will my appearance change? Will I transform into a dragon like you? How much will my stats increase? And the marriage you mentioned—" Vritra crossed his arms and asked one question after another.

"Wait, wait, you will know all that after. As for your questions, I can answer them. The transformation will be huge; after all, your entire body will be reconstructed.

Yes, you will still have a similar body, but yeah, your appearance will also change quite a bit. You can see the change in stats yourself. You will be able to transform into a dragon at will too.

And as for marriage... yes, it is just a symbolic thing, a small and negligible matter. Back in my race, this is just what people believed and arranged for marriages, you don’t have to pay it any attention. A small matter indeed." After giving all the answers to the best of her abilities, she asked:

"So, are you ready?"

"Yes." Vritra nodded resolutely, ignoring her strange last words.

"Alright then, let’s begin." Just as she spoke, a drop of white blood flew out of the ethereal dragon and a white scale, which then floated right in front of Vritra.

"So what do I have to do?" Vritra asked, looking at the two objects in front of him.

"..." Yasmine remained silent for a few seconds. Her face was solemn at this moment and she seemed to be lost in her thoughts.

Vritra didn’t interrupt her. After all, they had quite a lot of time. He waited and soon Yasmine’s gaze focused on him.

"You have to swallow my blood and just hold that scale," Diana instructed. Vritra didn’t notice it, but a red drop of his blood floated in front of Yasmine.

"...Do you accept me?" she asked in a strangely serious tone, looking directly into his eyes.

’Does she mean this dragon transformation? Or is this how the ritual goes?’ Vritra had no idea of the dragons’ customs and rituals. After a moment, he nodded and answered:

"Yes."

His lips parted and the white drop of blood floated into his mouth, while at the same time, Yasmine also took his blood into her mouth. Both of them gulped them at the same time.

Then Vritra held the white scale in his right hand. It was the same size as his palm and looked beautiful and shiny. As a warmth spread all across his body, the scale disintegrated into energy and was absorbed into his body.

Before he had time to ask anything, the hole in front of him went blank. A white fog was released out of the pores on his body, which soon turned into a cocoon-shaped layer and completely hid him from sight.

Both of Yasmine’s and Vritra’s eyes were clouded as their consciousnesses shifted into strange visions. They were completely immersed in it.

While Vritra’s mind was going through a barrage of memories, the transformation in his body began, as his body was being destroyed and reconstructed at the same time. Every cell in his body—bones, organs, blood—every part was undergoing drastic changes.

Messages upon messages poured in front of him, but he couldn’t see any of it.

[Evolution to Dragon Physique has begun.][Progress: 0%...]...[Evolution to Dragon Bloodline has begun.][Progress: 0%...]...[Your strength grows, Strength +1][Your strength grows, Strength +1]...[Your agility grows, Agility +1]...[Your mana grows, Mana +1][Your mana grows, Mana +1]...[Your endurance grows, Endurance +1][Your endurance grows, Endurance +1]...

While these messages kept popping in front of him after every short period of time, Vritra found himself in a completely separate and new space.

As the darkness subsided, Vritra was confused at first, since he didn’t find himself in that familiar cave nor was there the smell of blood.

Instead, a blurry but bright image appeared in front of him, but it was more than just an image; it was like he was inside that video but had forgotten his glasses, yet the experience was quite real.

The crying of a baby attracted his attention. Vritra turned and saw a baby girl in the arms of her mother. He didn’t know what to understand from this, but for now, he continued to observe it.

___________

Thanks for reading...