Chapter 178: Can you remove your...

’Are the Grieves going to cause trouble at the competition venue now? Sigh, even though I am trying to avoid trouble, I hope I can reach the legion rank before anything major happens.’ Vritra thought as he watched the group of men in white dresses.

But a major and life-changing event was approaching Vritra, closer to him than he could have expected.

Feeling a bit curious, he used his senses to observe the movement of their lips and made out a couple of lines before removing his senses to not get noticed.

’The Empress will fail? And something about the Bone Blood Cult... sigh, I couldn’t hear more.’ Vritra thought. He wondered how these people knew she would fail to get the inheritance, but he didn’t ponder too long about it.

They ate in the hotel before making their way back to their rooms. The climate of the Blue Kingdom seemed to be changing strangely for some reason since the morning. Sometimes a strong storm would descend, then it would start raining, then the clouds disappeared and it became hot, and just after an hour, it began to feel quite cold.

Vritra had a feeling that these changes must be because of the Scarlet Couple’s inheritance, which meant the Empress had already entered and now must be clearing up all the traps and puzzles. It wouldn’t be long before she got to the last step.

’Wifey, when do you think the hidden inheritance where the Misty Essence mythic halo is present will open?’ Vritra asked, lying over the bed and staring at the ceiling.

"The opening of the Scarlet Couple’s inheritance is a huge event. It has caused a chain reaction across the entire kingdom, as many things that had stayed hidden have suddenly become visible.

I am sure even that place will open very soon. Let’s check out the place where the map points," Yasmine suggested, and Vritra agreed. He had to get the mythic halo—it could create life-like illusions and would be great in all kinds of situations.

He sat up and looked at his mother. Vanessa had just come out of the bath, and her fragrance filled every corner of the room. Vritra stood up and wrapped his arms around her waist, pressing his lips against her neck and taking a deep breath full of her sweet smell.

"Mmm~ Honey..." Vanessa let out a soft sigh, embracing Vritra just as tightly.

"Mom, I will be going out for a bit. I need to check something and... I will be bringing Diana along with me," Vritra said, his lips moving against her cold buttery skin.

Vanessa felt a little ticklish. She hummed and replied, "Okay, but be careful while you are outside. As for that goddess, I think she is already in your palms. Just a bit more push and she would be completely devoted to you."

"Heh, yeah mom. You too be careful." Vritra said as he gave a peck on her moist pink lips before disappearing from the room.

He appeared in front of Diana’s room. After knocking, Vritra waited, and just after a few seconds the door opened. Diana too had just taken a bath and her long white hair was still a little wet, and droplets of glistening water slid down her milky skin.

She looked really beautiful. Even though her true nature was from the grace a goddess should possess, just her appearance made her stand out among countless other women.

Diana was a bit surprised that he came to meet her all of a sudden. She wondered what he wanted to talk about, while a part of her wondered if he was finally here to meet her because of the punishment he promised—cough, punishment he said he would give.

No matter how much she wanted to deny it, she seemed to have developed a strange fetish. The more disrespectful and harsh Vritra got with her, the more it excited her. She wished he would do more, but Vritra had barely paid her any attention the past few days.

’Ugh, what am I thinking? I am a goddess, how can I ever have such thoughts? There is no way I could enjoy something like that. He must have done something to me.’ Diana shook her head and tried to deny her thoughts. She wanted to get humiliated by him but at the same time hated that thought.

"Follow me." Vritra said. Diana stared at him for a second before nodding. Then she walked back into the room and came out, wearing a veil over her face and properly dressed.

"Where are we going?" the goddess asked curiously. She had no thoughts of going back to the Dunshire Kingdom ever again, so her only choice was to follow him—not to mention she had become his slave.

"Not too far. I wanted to check out something." Vritra gave a vague answer. Even though the sky had started to turn slightly dark, the market was just as lively as ever. There were many events going on in the Blue Kingdom at this time after all.

Vritra had already checked the location of the Misty Essence mythic halo. After paying a few silver coins to the coachman, the two sat in the carriage.

The streets were a lot emptier when compared to the daytime. The destination they were going to was at the far end of the city, so it took them a bit over three hours before the carriage finally stopped.

Vritra and Diana barely talked during this time. Most of his focus was on his surroundings. The reason why they didn’t just directly fly was because of all the dangerous presences around them. It was better to be late than die.

As the carriage drew away, Vritra observed his surroundings. There didn’t seem to be such dangerous presence at this part of the city. It was rather empty with no houses in sight—one side of the city was connected to another city while the other led to the forest.

"Let’s go there." Vritra gestured and led the goddess a bit deeper into the forest. Finally, he took out the map and observed his surroundings. After walking nearly a kilometre or so, Vritra finally came across a mountain.

This exactly was the location where the small inheritance which contains such a big treasure was going to open. It was impossible to know that something so godly was hidden there.

’Is there a way to hide this?’ Vritra asked. It would make everything so much easier if he were the only one who got to enter it.

"No, the opening of the inheritance will create a huge commotion, so it is just impossible to hide. Otherwise, the emperor need not send so many guards and even his protector—he would have just hidden the Scarlet Inheritance. That inheritance should have opened this morning, that is why so many changes have been occurring. Let’s hope the commotion this causes isn’t too big," Yasmine replied.

’I guess we will have to wait for it to open.’ Vritra sighed, then he glanced back at the curious goddess and began to fly in the air.

Diana saw Vritra rising high into the air, so she too followed along as the two rose above the trees and could see far away into the city.

Vritra’s lips curled up as he spoke to the baffled goddess: "Now, can you remove your clothes?"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...