Chapter 417: The Brilliant Plan

Ziggy was completely baffled as several men charged into the treasury.

He hurriedly tried to pull out glyphs but he couldn’t access his inventory.

"Don’t move, or I will blast your head apart! This is Daddy V from the Golden Moon." Vritra along with the guards of the temple rushed inside.

Half of his face was covered by a mask, and he was now in the appearance of a tall buffed-out young man.

This was the main part of his plan. He could only hope nothing goes wrong.

"I- I am innocent, I Oink Oink didn’t steal anything. R- Really, I was sleeping in Oink Oink in my room and somehow ended up here." Ziggy spoke in panic.

He understood that this must be the plan of that demon to put him in trouble.

’Why can’t I use any of my treasures? What is happening? These guards or even the Golden Moon shouldn’t be so fast...’ The pig demon thought.

He had been in such situations many times but he could easily escape using his treasures.

After all, which men would take so many precautions, locking space and all other routes, without even knowing the other party?

"Hah, this bastard is lying. I saw his fat body earlier in the potion treasury! His name was Piggy... Pig... Ah right, Ziggy, he threatened us and stole thousands of highest grade potions."

One of the guards who had been guarding the potion inventory spoke in haste.

"Now, what else do you have to say, innocent guy?" Vritra took a step forward and questioned. Everything was perfect so far.

"Y- You have to believe me, this is a setup. My father is a good guy, he is a Oink Oink Oink merchant. Let’s get out of here and I will—"

Ziggy was searching for some escape but just then Vritra tapped over his head.

BOOOOM

Ziggy’s body instantly smashed back into the wall, creating a giant hole of his exact figure.

"Bring him outside." Vritra ordered the shocked guards. No wonder everyone feared the Golden Moon so much.

"Huh? O- Outside? But currently, there is a curfew going on—" Coming to their senses, one of the guards said.

"It will be fine, just follow me."

Vritra said and started walking towards the entrance of the temple, while the guards tiredly looked at the fat body of Ziggy.

Just as Vritra had ordered, the guards followed behind him and brought Ziggy’s body outside.

Seeing that the work was over, Monk Shitless ran away for his life; he could no longer take on the disgusting voices of those horny men.

"Alright Hubby, now there is one more hurdle and that is to sway Darius to allow all this." Yasmine spoke, nonetheless she was quite excited.

’Hmm, the atmosphere is even more tense after the incidents last night, so I think it won’t be too hard.’

Vritra asked the guards to throw Ziggy’s unconscious body beside him.

And instantly, several of the warriors patrolling the streets noticed.

They had received strict orders from the emperor to capture anyone who is seen walking outside.

But seeing that it was someone from the temple they didn’t immediately make any decisions.

There were at least ten or so men around that area.

They got closer and one among them questioned:

"Why are you outside? And what’s up with him? Is there some emergency?"

"Yeah, there is indeed an emergency." Vritra stepped forward and took out his Golden Moon’s emblem and presented it to them.

"I am Daddy V, an Agent from the Golden Moon. And this is really important; I need to send a message to the emperor."

While speaking he flashed the emblem and put it away before they could even clearly see it.

"Huh, Dadd- what? Anyway, what’s so urgent?" They instantly became more respectful after knowing his status.

"Are you sure you are qualified to know that? Just pass this scroll to the emperor or someone in a high position." Vritra said and passed on the scroll.

"Uh... Okay, we will do that, D- Daddy V." One of the soldiers said in embarrassment, without wasting any time one of them headed off.

"..." Vritra just took a comfortable sofa chair from his inventory and sat back, even pulling out some food as he began to eat it with relish.

***

Darius was standing in a room on one side of a big rectangular table, along with a couple dozen men who were all ministers, advisors and so on.

"There are a lot of problems but none of you have any solution?" Darius glanced at all of them angrily.

What was the point of giving them such high salaries if they can’t even give a single advice?

"H- How about... we evacuate everyone out of the continent and do a thorough search for Vritra and other dangerous organizations?"

One of the ministers with an obese body like most others in the room wiped his forehead and spoke nervously.

"Dang that’s what I am talking about, a truly brilliant plan, what a genius we have among us. And where exactly do we evacuate? Into the house your father made after his death?

And how are you going to separate the normal citizens from those said evil organizations?" Darius’s veins bulged as he screamed in rage.

"Guards!" Just as the emperor gave a call, dozens of strong men rushed into the room, as he gave an order while pointing towards the frightened minister.

"Take this excuse for a minister and throw him into the prison for 1 wee- no one whole month and beat his ass up until he had painted the entire prison room with this brush."

After speaking he threw a tiny brush towards the minister.

"F- Forgive me emperorrrrrrr- Give me one more chance, how about we make the whole continent explode then-"

Just like that one of the ministers was dragged away, along with his brush.

Releasing a long breath, Darius tried to calm himself then he looked at the other frightened people and spoke:

"Let’s take one thing at a time. Haa How is the search for Griffith’s murderer going?"

Han Gratt standing behind him suddenly jolted, he was busy with his own thoughts.

"W- We are still searching. We did find demonic traces and it seems to be a demon lord, very soon, we will be able to catch the murderer."

"Good, any news on Yennefer?" He asked further.

"No, she is still missing." Han said, his expression turning sad.

"...Sigh After those two explosions last night, things have turned even more chaotic.

My subjects will completely lose all their faith in me at this rate, I can’t keep suppressing them using forceful ways. Is there-"

KNOCK KNOCK

Suddenly the emperor got interrupted by the light knocks, massaging his forehead he asked in anger:

"Who. Is. It? Don’t you know there is an important meeting going on right here?"

"Uhm F- Forgive me, emperor, but this is something important and I think you should have a look at it. This might just solve a few of your problems."

It was a commander who had come in a hurry.

The soldier didn’t have enough authority to come here, so he presented the scroll to his commander.

"...Enter." Darius nodded, and took the scroll. After opening it, he read the content as a surprised expression appeared on his face.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...