Chapter 309: CHAK-CHAK

"K- Kill him, I have to kill him!! I have to kill him, Vritra, he has to die!! KILL KILL KILL DIE DIE KILL DIE!"

Blunder seemed to have gone crazy as he kept muttering the same thing over and over.

"What’s wrong with him now?"

Slave frowned and didn’t know what to do, he could only look at Faceless who seemed to contain some fear in his eyes.

"V- Vritra is here?!! Why is he here?" Faceless muttered, his first reaction was to stand up and flee but Slave held him in place.

"What’s wrong with the two of you?" Slave shouted, glaring at the two. They were so close to achieving their goal and getting rid of Yennefer forever.

"Uh... Sir, haven’t you heard? In the Dunshire kingdom, the two of them were beaten like dogs by someone named Vritra, they had no chance but to flee for their lives and Blunder was the one who was beaten until his body was in pieces.

I even heard he hadn’t healed yet even after so many weeks." One of the men from his gang approached Slave and muttered in his ear.

"Haa these uncultured bastards, and this is exactly why I don’t like working with humans, they can’t ever focus on the bigger picture and always have to cry about spilled milk."

Slave slapped the two men, bringing them back to their senses.

"Blunder, don’t let your personal feelings hinder our mission, if anything goes wrong then we will show you why everyone fears the demon’s torture." He said threateningly.

"But I can’t control that thing, the most we were able to do was relocate that entrance, if Vritra is the first to get close then he would be trapped there."

Blunder added, but from his tone it was obvious that he really wanted Vritra to be the one to get trapped for eternity.

"I- I suddenly remember something, let’s meet some other time, I have to leave for now." Faceless desperately tried to flee, but Slave held him down.

"Stop, don’t disturb at such a critical moment, our entire plan depends on trapping Yennefer then using the protector and emperor." Slave said, throwing his hair back.

"Yes, I will see what I can do."

Blunder sighed, he really wanted to kill Vritra immediately, because of him he had become slightly hunched back, it was quite painful to get your spine ripped out of your body after all.

...

Vritra was moving back feeling like a mouse caught in a trap while Yennefer was slowly devouring the sweet taste of victory, their reunion was better than she expected.

"Haa Sorry hubby, I can’t even teleport you away right now, since she had already sealed off the space around here, so escaping this time is impossible."

Yasmine spoke, though there wasn’t much worry in her voice for some reason, after all she knew there was no chance of the empress killing him.

She was most probably taking her revenge for the frustration she felt all this time.

"Look empress, isn’t it wrong to kill an innocent person? I didn’t even do anything—oh and sorry for cursing at you when I left, how about we just forget about all that and go our separate ways? I have three wives waiting back at home, and—"

Vritra was trying to calm the empress but for some reason his last words seemed to have the opposite effect as the tension in the air rose.

Yennefer suddenly increased her speed as she flew towards him, Vritra turned as he activated shift and ran forward at full speed, his mind working at full speed.

’Only Fourth Dimension can save me at this moment, but because of the locked space, I can’t get out even with that.

Hmm should I try upgrading it?’ he thought and regretted not upgrading Fourth Dimension first.

SPLASH SPLASH

Just as Vritra was about to upgrade the Fourth Dimension and Yennefer was about to catch up to him, Vritra found himself walking into some sort of fluid.

"It’s a trap!!" Yasmine was shocked that even she didn’t notice this before the trap was activated.

The dry land was suddenly filled with a river of blood in a small region and for some reason at this moment, Monk Shitless’ warning reverberated in his mind that he had almost forgotten about.

Be careful of the blood!!

In an instant, the blood had reached up to Vritra’s waist as he continued to climb up, holding extremely tightly onto him.

Yennefer was shocked as well, countless thoughts passed through her mind in an instant and from his expression it didn’t look like an escaping technique Vritra had prepared.

Sensing that flood of blood, Bone Blood Cult was the only thing that came to her mind and they wouldn’t have set up this level of trap for someone with such a low level, the cost of preparing it was just too high.

’So this trap was set up for me?!’ she quickly realised.

Yennefer didn’t waste a moment as she gritted her teeth and rushed towards Vritra at her full speed.

Vritra struggled against the blood but it was of no use, none of his skills worked against this liquid, in just a second the blood had climbed up to his shoulders.

Yennefer appeared close to Vritra in the next moment, without caring about the danger she grabbed his hand and tried getting him out, for some reason she felt desperate to protect him.

Just like how she protected him against that dragon just now, without knowing why she was going so far for him.

Yennefer exerted strength in her grip, trying to pull him up and even used her energy but in a short time it was just impossible to break that trap, at least without hurting him.

And with a sudden surge the blood sea swallowed them both as darkness enveloped the two and they disappeared into some sort of spatial rift, leaving no trace behind as the blood sea evaporated completely within moments.

"..." Blunder, Faceless and Slave, all three of them stared at this scene in bewilderment, unable to believe that the inhumane and ruthless empress really got devoured into the trap while trying to save someone.

"Uh... Is this an illusion or was that not the empress?" Slave questioned, they wouldn’t believe in a thousand years that the empress could actually do something like that.

"W- We succeeded!!" Blunder was overjoyed, he stared in shock for a while and then jumped up and down like a madman.

"We did it!! We killed the empress and Vritra, the future demon lord!!" Faceless was just as happy as he hugged Blunder and jumped along with him.

Slave was overjoyed as well but he didn’t act like the two. It was impossible to believe they had actually killed someone like Yennefer just like that.

"Our first and biggest step has succeeded, but don’t let this news spread, if the emperor were to hear then it would result in an endless war."

Slave said, a twisted smile on his face and after a moment, he started jumping along with the two.

***

Vritra and Yennefer lost their consciousness for a couple of minutes and lost any awareness of their surroundings, the two drifted through the dark and unknown rift before landing over some sort of floor.

CHAK-CHAK

CHAK-CHAK

Woooo-wooooo

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...