Chapter 443: Music Game

"Tell me about Arthal Plague Rats."

"..." The noisy crow instantly fell silent. After a moment, he asked in a somewhat hesitant tone, "I-Is that you, Lord Vritra?"

"...Yes." Vritra was quite surprised, not only because they knew his real identity but also because of this level of respect.

Maybe they did some background check and found something.

"You better not disclose anything about Master to anyone, or I will personally erase the entire World Information Centre. Warn your leaders!"

Maeve’s threatening voice instantly sounded; she seemed mad that they were doing a background check on him.

"Y-Yes, of course, we would never. Rest assured, any news related to Lord Vritra is highly confidential." The crow instantly replied.

He could joke around with Maeve, but he still feared her.

Not to mention, even his leaders seemed to take Vritra very seriously.

"Can you do it?" Vritra asked before adding, "I want to know whatever you know about them, their location, their attacks, weaknesses, or anything else."

"Lord, that topic is too dangerous to delve into, so it would be a bit difficult. But I can inform my leaders, so give me a day, and I will gather as much information as possible."

The crow’s respectful voice sounded from the other side.

"Alright." Since no time limit was mentioned in the quest, he wasn’t really in a hurry. The call disconnected as Maeve asked in a serious tone, "Master, should I go there personally and warn them? We can’t really trust them."

"But will you be fine—?"

Vritra asked, but interrupting him, Yennefer spoke, "I can go along with her. I also have a task for them."

"...Okay, foxie, is it alright with you?" Vritra asked.

Yennefer felt his words prickle her heart, burning with jealousy.

His tone and behaviour seemed so different toward Maeve, which made her want to slap herself hard for hurting him before.

Back in the abandoned city, they were so close, really like a newlywed couple.

"It’s alright." Maeve nodded, remembering the old saying:

Keep your friends close and enemies closer.

"Be careful." He said while looking at them both.

"Yes master~"

As Vritra watched the two fly away together, this was time to continue with the game.

"Alright everyone, get ready!" As Vritra’s voice sounded, all the people hurriedly returned to their seats, and many began buying glyphs.

And as expected, he got waves of sin points.

’Hoo, soon I will be rotating the Gacha. Let’s see if I can get some good skills.’ Vritra thought.

It had been way too long since he tried his luck.

Just the thought of it made him want to earn even more sin points, and by getting directly involved in the game, he would certainly get more of them.

CLAP

A loud clapping sound rang out as the arena became silent. They all looked at Vritra and waited excitedly for some new announcement.

"There will be a small change." Right as he spoke that, the participants cheered up, and the subjects became even more depressed.

"Yes Daddy V, hahaha, are we getting new glyphs or subjects?"

"Ohhh, I just love this game so much. I left my work just to come see it and earned a year’s worth in a single day, kwahaha!"

"N-No, oink oink, p-please no more. My f-father will find you... I am begging you, haa.

I have a-already been punished ughhh enough. I would n-never bother her a-again... sob." Ziggy begged.

"J-Just what do you cough want from me? Why? WHY? I don’t even know you! Aaaah, m-my reputation, my future, you have ruined everything!" Raelion shouted.

The whole arena was instantly filled with noises. Vritra waited for a few moments before he began to speak, "Now I will also be directly participating in the game, and..."

With a snap of his fingers, a music song from back on Earth began to ring out. Then he created a ball from dust, changing it until it became bouncy.

"The theme of the game will be: Music-Ball-Death!"

Several people gasped at the same time. They could somewhat guess what sort of game it might be, but considering Daddy V, there would certainly be twists.

Once everyone calmed down, Vritra began to explain:

"Once the music starts, you have to keep throwing this ball to the next person, and when the music stops, the last two persons to touch the ball will die.

If the ball drops, then the last person and the one closest to it will die. During the entirety of the remaining game, you all will be running. Anyone who gets caught by Bullo or me will die."

Once he finished, the crowd began to discuss it excitedly.

"H-How many times did he say die again? I-I lost him when the music started." Raelion muttered, his mind seemed to be lagging, unable to understand anything.

"Uwaaah, everything leads to death! Oink, but I don’t want to die from his hands, ughhh."

Ziggy muttered as he scurried away, his ass still hurting from that spike.

"The game begins!!"

{Sin Point Gained: Cheered On +236,640}

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +236,032}

{Sin Point Gained: Liked +236,391}

{Sin Point Gained: Revered +205,934}

...

The game began. Vritra was walking casually around the fighting area while Bullo was charging around madly.

The subjects ran away from them or from any traps or glyphs while throwing the ball to others.

The song suddenly paused, and the ball ended up in the hands of a bandit, who was about to throw it.

"Sob sob, no please I—"

Vritra disappeared for a moment, and in the next instant, he appeared up in the sky.

He pointed his finger toward the bandit, and instantly his body began to fill with dust.

The second-last person to touch the ball was shivering since he would be next. It was a zombie from the Bone Blood Cult.

"Aaaaaaaaaah!" The bandit’s body continued to enlarge, his skin and flesh tearing slowly.

The pain was unbearable.

BOOOOM

Finally, his body exploded as a couple of messages popped in front of Vritra, while the soul got devoured by Psyche.

Then the other guy went through the same experience.

"Alright, let’s start round two!"

***

A couple of hours later, the game finally came to an end. Several people died, but there were still enough people in stock. Of course, Ziggy and Raelion, being the stars of the show, weren’t killed.

After storing away the subjects, Vritra waited for the audience to leave, getting the last bit of sin points for the day.

"They haven’t returned. What’s taking them so long?" Vritra wondered, but he wasn’t really worried. Both the women were really powerful.

He decided to head back to the hotel room first and wait for them; he was also feeling a bit hungry.

"Bye bye, pitiful one. Yet another successful day we had." Shitless said as he climbed onto Bullo.

"I will be going to gather some new subjects for the match tomorrow." Onest said. He had already received the needed info from Vritra.

"Alright, be careful." Vritra said and also sent Bobby with him.

Then he flew back toward the hotel and arrived within a minute.

He sat down on the bed and decided to wait for Maeve and Yennefer for dinner.

Just then, the door to his room opened as the blue-haired mature beauty teleported right there, some naughty plan brewing in her head.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...