Chapter 115: Training [R-18]

After more than half of Vritra’s penis was out, she slammed her butt down on his body and buried the large member deep into her body once again.

After first few hesitant and clumsy movements, Vanessa began to bounce her soft body on top of him, his cock moving in and out of her pussy. Vritra gripped her plump ass, while feeling the tightness of her wet fleshy cave, it squeezed his cock so hard; especially the tip as it entered her womb again and again.

The sound of flesh hitting flesh filled the bathroom, Vanessa leaned forward and kissed his lips while continuing with slapping her hips down on his dick, moaning loudly.

She would move and twist her waist to make the head poke just the right place, or scratching against the itchy insides of her pussy, her body shivered each time the tip struck her insides.

After a few minutes, Vritra sat up and hugged her creamy body tightly; then he began to move her body, giving even stronger thrusts, and slammed his cock deep into her body, bringing her close to climax with each passing moment.

"Hnnnnnn~ I- I am cummminggggg~ Ahhhhhh~ Ohhhh Honey, I love you mmmmm~ S- So full"

Both of them soon reached their limits, Vritra could have held up a bit longer but just as his mother reached orgasm and began to squirt out her love juices, her pussy tightened to an extremely level, making his cock twitch in her body.

So he brought her body down and shoved his cock the deepest before shooting out waves of hot semen directly in her womb, her moans rose as she felt the hot fluid hitting her insides and then filling up her belly.

Her body greedily drank all his thick semen, even she received experienced points by getting the fluids of her son/husband.

After some time, Vanessa put her head over his shoulder as she breathed heavily, the waves of semen pouring into her stomach had finally stopped, she felt that the amount was even higher than the last time, she felt so full.

But unlike the last time this wasn’t there first time so she wanted more of it, a lot more.

So how could Vritra not fulfil the wishes of his lovely mother?

With his cock still buried in her pussy, Vritra picked her up and walked into the large bathtub. Then he sat down with his mother in his lap, he kissed her soft lips and asked:

"So Mom, are you ready for the second round of training?"

Vanessa’s lips curved into a seductive smile as she replied: "Of course, training is very important so we should do a loooooot~ of training."

Soon the bathroom was once again filled with her moans and sound of their bodies hitting, as the pair of mother and son continued with their training.

...

The two returned to their room several hours later, they had over six rounds of training and after that Vanessa was too exhausted, to the point that Vritra had to wipe her body, and then bring her to the bed.

The two then embraced one another in the bed and slept peacefully.

******

Vritra and Vanessa didn’t woke up until it was nine in the morning, the steamy had completely remove all the boundaries and hesitation between the two.

The beautiful mommy was the first to wake up, as she gazed at her son’s picturesque face and almost instinctively pressed her lips against his, giving him a morning kiss.

"Hmmm Good morning mom." Vritra woke up after feeling the warmth of her soft lips, he smiled and hugged his mother, burying his face between her boobs.

"Ah I didn’t mean to wake you up, you can sleep a little longer if you like; I can prepare some nice breakfast for you until then." Vanessa said, caressing his head with tenderness.

"It’s fine, I already feel refreshed after the last night." Vritra replied as his lips rubbed against the milky skin of her breasts.

"Hehe Indeed training makes us stronger and more relaxed, we should train harder and more often." Vanessa said, her voice dangerously seductive.

{Sin Point Gained: Seduced +1}

"Sure, I would love to do that kind of training every day." He replied, as he took her soft pink nipple into his mouth, rubbing it with his tongue and began sucking.

The two stayed in the bed a bit longer, flirting and teasing one another. Then Vanessa got off the bed and went to take a bath, while Vritra rested a bit longer.

’Heh nice nice, I am getting to learn a lot from my mother in law.’ Yasmine’s teasing tone sounded in his head, Vritra smiled and replied:

’Good learn as much as you can, it won’t be too long before you get your body back.’

"Sigh You have seen and experienced so much just in this small kingdom, while the other world is much more wretched, because of all the secrets on your body you will have to be especially careful." Yasmine advised, suddenly sounding a bit serious.

’Well this kingdom wasn’t any less tricky, you go out to train and somehow return married even the strongest play such tricks.’ Vritra joked while shaking his head.

"Oof You are still holding onto that? Okay that was my fault for not telling you about it, I am sorry.

A- And if you still want to end our bond then there is a way, after we arrive back at my home and I get my body back, I will be able to cut it forever, if that’s what you want." Yasmine replied, her mood suddenly turning sour.

’And what do you want?’ Vritra asked, showing no emotions.

"Do you really have to ask? Haven’t you guessed it by now? Of course I want to stay as your first wife forever, I love you and this title too much." Yasmine replied, pouting cutely.

’Haha Oh wifey, don’t take it too seriously I was just joking, and yeah it will feel really empty if I can’t hear your voice and feel your presence. I love you.’ Vritra said in a passionate tone, expressing his love towards her for the first time, at least properly.

"Mmm I love you too." Yasmine replied, feeling a bit funny in her belly, this was such a good feeling.

’I love you too, much more than you think.’ Yasmine completed in her mind, she was completely entranced by him.

{Sin Point Gained: Obsessed +1}

...

After a while, the two sat opposite one another on the dining table in new set of clothes and began eating breakfast.

"Whoa there are organisations like that here? Nine pacts is quite dangerous, they even abduct people to perform inhumane experiments on them? How disgusting." Vanessa’s nose wrinkled, just the thought was disturbing for her.

Vritra was telling her a bit about his experience in his latest adventure, knowing his current strength Vanessa was less worried about his safety so he could tell her most of the things without needing to lie.

They chatted for a while and then Vritra told his mother that he needed to go out for a bit to meet someone, since it wasn’t far and he would return very soon so she wasn’t upset.

___________

Thanks for reading...