Chapter 762 The Arrogant Raldy

Unlike everyone's expectations, the people didn't really come from the ground, instead they flew there.

And all the people who had any doubts before, now were sure that they weren't just rumours.

The big shots were actually here.

ROAARRRRRRRRR!

The dragons roared in the air, releasing big clouds of flames as if announcing their entrance.

The first dragon was brown while the other was orange, the second one was a little bigger than the first.

Many fell onto their butts as they stared up in awe.

Most people didn't even get to see a dragon in its real form once in their life, and they got to see two such big dragons.

It was like they were all in a dream.

The ground shook as the dragons slowly descended towards the ground.

As they lowered, the people who were seated on top began to become visible.

The two legendary brothers, the one on orange seemed to be the elder brother and the one on the brown dragon was younger.

Only after the dragons were on the ground and the crowd had moved further and further back were they finally able to see them clearly.

The two brothers were wearing golden embroidered outfits, just the clothes looked so expensive.

The older brother had long black hair and a face so handsome that it made several women in the crowd faint.

His eyes looked sharp and a strange bad boy look was on his face, all in all he looked almost perfect.

On the other hand, his younger brother looked cute and handsome.

He looked to be in his teens, and cheerful, though he clearly seemed flustered by the crowd around them.

The hundreds of people were all looking at them with such gawking eyes.

Though the older brother didn't seem to be affected, like a true warrior he appeared fearless.

"Hello peasants! How does it feel to live in this hell you call your house?" the older brother spoke in a very very arrogant tone.

Many people were shocked, they expected him to be well mannered, but he was so rude.

Though many women were now even deeper in love with him, they needed just this type of bad boy.

"I am Raldy! Put that name deep into your minds, you all are bugs in front of me. COUGH anyway, today I have come to find a wife for myself."

After speaking, Raldy looked around, gazing over all the women.

"B- Big brother, you can't talk like that." The younger brother spoke, tugging his clothes.

"Oh right, this is my younger brother Itch, you can be disrespectful to him if you want, he doesn't mind." Raldy spoke, a look of complete arrogance on his face.

The people were now divided into two teams, one part liked Raldy which was smaller and mostly full of women.

While most were against him, they wanted to beat him up so badly.

But the two dragons which were now floating in the sky were a clear reminder of their pitiful statuses.

They truly were just bugs in front of him, sigh they didn't want to admit it but it was true.

'Raldy? Itch?' Onest looked at the two in surprise, he could tell that this was arranged by Vritra.

And from the way that Raldy guy was speaking, it was probably Baldy, the monk.

But who was this Itch guy and what exactly was their plan? But their entry sure was great, well Vritra's wife is the Dragon Empress so it was a small matter.

"You woman, yes you- no bitch, not you, the one behind you, you old hag, come forward." Raldy pointed at one of the women.

The woman seemed to be in her twenties and looked pretty.

"Tsk go back, not my type."

"B- Big brother, you can't be rude to a lady like that-" Itch spoke while in his mind wondering.

'What am I even doing here? Why am I being tortured like this? Sigh my reputation...'

This guy was none other than Rich, Tiny's brother.

He was kind of abducted by his friend and uncle, Vritra, and then got the plot and his outfit.

This was all too absurd.

More and more people were gathering there, from a few hundred the market was already flooded with a few thousand people.

From houses to even the sky, so many people were there to watch it.

Vritra was there too, though he had not joined the scene yet. Looking at the crowd which kept getting bigger and bigger he smiled.

He had taken Rich's help to spread this rumour, getting there as many people as possible.

It wasn't just to help Onest after all, he needed to earn sin points and make it reach 100 million.

Hoping to upgrade at least one thing.

'Sigh why is everything so costly now?' high in the sky he shook his head.

But Shitless was really doing great, as expected of the evil monk, he is great at doing evil things.

"Ewww you fatty pig, get back, don't you ever bathe? I bet water runs away after you get close to it kakaka!" Raldy laughed loudly, hitting his belly.

"B- Big brother-" Itch was just doing his part, but Raldy suddenly got angry.

"You little bastard, how dare you interrupt me! You aren't my mother's child, you are a damn illegitimate, the son of a commoner, a weak bastard!"

Then he slapped Rich so hard that the guy was thrown a few metres away, bouncing dramatically, as blood trickled down his chin.

Already 99% of the people in the area hated him, instead now most of the women were looking at Itch with kind and motherly eyes.

He looked to be the type they would want to protect, making them all want to go ahead and hug him.

Zira stared at this scene in surprise, just who were these two guys that they were acting so arrogantly here?

No one from the Yate family had come to stop them yet-

"You bastard, how dare you create a ruckus in the Yate Realm, don't you cherish your life!" just as Zira had thought that, a guard jumped out of the crowd.

Pointing a spear at Raldy.

"You dare to point it at me? The Greatest of All Time, Raldy? The one who taught his own father how to walk? The one who taught his maths teacher math? Me?"

Raldy's face literally turned red in rage, he glared at the guard.

He inhaled until his belly bulged, then he spat out breath.

It was like a storm, the guard flew away dramatically, wailing his arms and feet.

That guy seemed to be a general too, and a very powerful and well known one, yet he was blasted away just by a breath?

The people were left gasping.

"Oh woman, you! Yes you, step forward." Suddenly, Raldy who was laughing loudly looked at Zira and spoke hurriedly.

"Huh? Me?" Zira was so baffled, she looked around and there wasn't any other woman beside her.

She looked at Onest, feeling afraid of that Raldy guy, and according to the contract even if he dies, Onest would have to protect her.

"How dare you bastard, she is my wife, choose someone else!" Onest saw the look in Shitless's eyes and understood his part quickly.

He pushed through the crowd and stood proudly in front of the proud and arrogant man.

The public was so tensed.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios