Chapter 26: Invitation

Her ability was quite similar to dual cultivation, in which both partners would grow stronger together, but it wasn't as simple.

The reason she wasn't telling Vritra about her abilities and motive yet was because... how could she just ask her son such a thing?

Like, Vritra would you like to do ecchi things, have sex with your mother and form a bond with me?

First she needed to make some small preparations and only then could she tell him openly, even though she had a reason behind what she was doing but that doesn't change the fact that it was a taboo.

'Sigh I am sure he might already be aware that my ability isn't related to cooking...' Vanessa closed her eyes and decided no to think about all this for now.

'This is just to protect both of us, nothing else...'

...

It was past midnight when Vritra began to fall incredibly hot, in his sleep he threw away the clothes of his upper body and then lay back, he was drenched in sweat.

This wasn't Vanessa's ability after all she is still level 1, she couldn't affect him that much.

Inside his body at this moment, the Nihil-Anima Mythic halo was resting peacefully and slowly getting restored, its life wasn't in a danger anymore after finding a host and since the energy that was corrupting it had finally left it.

Yasmine was also in a state of slumber, although her senses were spread across the room in case of any danger but her soul body was also in a state of repair under the Mythic halo.

So none of them noticed as a mixture of black and red energy drifted out of the Nihil-Anima, the black energy was the remnants of the 2nd ranked Mythic Halo while the red energy belonged to a Demonic God.

Even though both were only remnants of energies but they seemed to be possess consciousness of their own and no longer being controlled by anyone.

Instead of devouring Vritra's body, the two types of energies decided to secretly merged with it, they too seemed to have sensed a dangerous skill in his body that would cook them up if they tried to harm him.

Extremely slowly, without alerting anyone the two types of energy began to merge with his blood and flesh, the effects won't be evident until the process completes but once it is finished...

Devil-Veyll Mythic Halo is extremely terrifying, and the energy of the Demon God possessed horrifying destructive ability, it could be imagined what would happen if these things fall into the hand of a single person.

******

Early in the morning when Vritra woke up the first thing he noticed was the softness pressed against the side of his body then he felt a little cold, and then he noticed that he wasn't wearing any cloth on his upper both.

While his mother was sleeping right next to him using his arm as a pillow while her arms wrapped around him, he didn't think much about Vanessa's actions but he was confused about his missing clothes but after thinking for a moment he had a vague image of himself throwing it away.

"How strange..." While muttering Vritra gently moved his mother's hands and head, then he stood up as he stretched his body, he did feel that something was different but it was impossible to notice the change.

Without wasting any time, he returned to his room and then entered the bathroom after all if his planning is correct then very soon he would be getting an invitation by that arrogant goddess.

The Goddess might not be aware but the game between them had already started and contrary to what she believed it was Vritra who had made the first move.

...

After some time Vritra and Vanessa were eating breakfast together and once again he was obtaining experience points just by eating, the two were chatting when they heard a knock on the door.

Vritra opened the door and saw that it was someone from the temple in a white robe.

"You are Vritra?" the man asked, looking at the handsome boy standing in front of him.

"Yes." Vritra answered simply and looked at him with a questioning look.

"Goddess had asked for your presence in the temple, there is something important she wishes to discuss with you." The man in white robe said, still feeling surprised by the teenager's appearance.

"Alright, I will head there soon." Vritra nodded and without saying anything more he closed the door shut.

"What is it about?" Vanessa looked at him with a worried look, she had a feeling that this meeting might be very dangerous.

"It's nothing mom, she just wants to ask some question. You don't have to worry, even if anyone attack I can beat them up now." Vritra said with a smile, his words calmed her a bit.

After eating he left his mother in the room but didn't head straight towards the temple instead he walked randomly around the castle, looking around as if he was on a sightseeing.

But no one noticed the constantly black shadows that flew from under his feet, he scattered the soul wraiths in all directions, almost emptying the entire stack in his possession.

This was his last plan, if nothing works in the end and only option is to flee only then would he use them to cause chaos, giving him a better chance at escaping.

Except for a hundred or so minotaurs, he had emptied all the storage if all of them were truly unleashed then who would pay any attention to two fleeing figures.

After he was done Vritra finally began to walk towards the temple, on his way he had come across a few of his classmates but none of them seemed to recognize him, from gloomy to extremely charming the transformation was simply too big.

It didn't take him long to appear at the temple, once he appeared at the gate he walked inside without any hinderance, the same Priest was waiting for him the one he met the previous day.

"Where is the goddess?" Vritra asked as he stopped in front of the Priest.

"Huh?" the Priest at this person in confusion for a few seconds, he was clearly waiting here for a scruffy and messy looking figure, then it bloomed on him and he asked with disbelief: "Are you Vritra?"

"Yes."

"Oh!!" the shock was evident from his expression then he composed himself and gestured: "Cough Go up the stairs, the same one as yesterday and then enter the first room you see."

Vritra nodded and headed towards the stair, even now shadows continued to rush in all directions from under his feet.

'What did he eat to suddenly change so much? Is it really the same person?' the Priest stared in shock at Vritra's distant figure who climbed up the stairs and disappeared from his sight soon.

"Be careful, I will make my move the moment I sense that your life is in danger." Yasmine's reassuring voice sounded in his mind.

'Thanks, but don't reveal yourself until I really have no hope. If nothing goes wrong, she won't even know what had happened to her.' Vritra's voice was full of confidence but he was also a bit nervous.

The goddess was much more powerful than him currently, if he wasn't careful then his future plans would be affected quite a bit.

__________

Thanks for reading...