Chapter 604 Cleanup

After Yennefer entered the coffin, Vritra decided to go out and clean up some scum. He also needed to see if they had any relation to the changes.

Just as he flew out of the house, he felt the glyph buzz in his inventory. Taking it out he found it was Shitless calling him.

While continuing to fly, he took out the glyph and answered: "Are you two done? Encountered any problem?"

The only problem now could be the Divine Kage, Vritra had only faced the number fifty previously.

He knew too little about that group, wondering if there were any demi gods among them.

Or what if they had even stronger attacks, so he didn't recklessly find them, for now other things needed his attention.

"Yup we are almost done, Oracle and others are already dead." Shitless said but his tone was a bit strange, then he added:

"But now that Oracle is gone, we shouldn't disrespect the dead so we are respectfully sending him off."

"Hmm well do as you see fit." Vritra said, hearing the faint sound of some liquid falling.

After some short talk and giving them further instructions, Vritra cut the connection and stored the glyph away.

He wondered if the monk had actually awakened some goodness inside him.

…

On the other side, Onest and Shitless had thrown all the dead bodies into a pit and put Oracle on top.

The not so poor guy had died with a terrified look on his face, who could have expected the respectful leader of such a powerful organization to die so horribly.

Shitless whistled and shivered slightly as he peed on Oracle's grave, sending off the dead to hell.

"Come on, don't be shy. Let's give them a bath with the holy fluid muahahaha" Shitless laughed, pouring out everything.

Onest looked weirdly at his bald companion but looking at the hateful Oracle he laughed too and joined.

…

Now the main evil organization on the Zoratian planet is Twilight, to regain their strength they had absorbed quite a lot of other small groups.

So aside from Twilight, barely any evil group existed now, but still finding all their bases wouldn't be easy.

Yet now that everyone had fallen asleep, those people would be alerted and now only the lords could move around.

After thinking for a moment, he decided to head to the world information centre that is managed by Maeve.

It was present on the continent, so Vritra arrived there within moments.

Most of the members were asleep too though a few were still awake.

Vritra quickly arrived inside their base, although his appearance at first startled the group.

But they were all well aware of Vritra's identity, so they instantly became respectful.

"Sir, is Golden Moon planning something big? I heard all the seats were killed at the marriage banquet of the Fords." The person looking over the organization in Maeve's absence spoke.

"No, it was done by me. Anyway, I want you to tell me about all the bases of Twilight, any helpful information, I need to find all of them." Vritra said solemnly.

"Oh okay, I will provide you with everything we know." The man who was called Crow and had met Vritra before replied quickly.

His strength too had grown quite a bit in the span of the past few years and since he knew Maeve, so he received a high position.

Vritra waited as Crow hurriedly went out and began to work, since most of the people were unconscious, the task took a bit longer.

…

In nearly twenty or so minutes, Crow hurriedly brought back all the information, all stored inside a glyph.

"Sir, just press it against your forehead and you can find all the information." He said.

"Alright, good job." Vritra nodded and tried it right there, pressing it against his temple.

Closing his eyes, he instantly felt quite a bit of information entering his brain.

There was information about important members, their hideouts and more.

"Alright, I will go check that out." Vritra said and disappeared.

What followed was complete annihilation, Vritra showed absolutely no mercy.

Arriving at each base, he would start killing them outright, even if they were in a state of unconsciousness.

From the bloody aura on their bodies, it was obvious they had killed quite a lot of people.

Moving from one place to another, he killed all the ones he could find. It was the lord ranked ones who were difficult to find, many were outside.

He even used his soul wraiths to search around. The information from Crow even included the members who had just recently been recruited.

The world information centre had truly become the information library of the planet.

Pausing in the sky, he felt that dealing with the lords would be difficult as they had hidden in all sorts of places.

"Hmm I guess I will have to widen the search area, only the lords could provide me the information I require." He mumbled and instantly activated dust manipulation.

In the next moment, thousands of human-like dust figures took form, all looking like mannequins.

Vritra poured vast amounts of energy into them, increasing the strength of each to lord rank and then controlled them mentally to move in all directions.

This way, he could find the hidden members of that evil organization.

"Right, where is Red?" he wondered. That man was the one who started it all, he even dared to bring that fake who looked like his mother.

Just like Oracle, Red too deserved a very painful death.

While Vritra was doing that, all his wives were busy with their own tasks.

Now that everyone was asleep, capturing the monsters became even easier.

But they could tell that this was just the first wave of destruction, things would only become more chaotic in the future.

For now their strength was enough to deal with it, but who knew how things would develop.

Maybe starting the trials was the only way now.

And for that Vritra first had to steal Jack's fate and then kill at least one demon lord.

…

After several hours, Yasmine, Vanessa, Fiona and Diana all returned to the House of Darkness.

Feeling mentally exhausted after all the events, still the death count wasn't low, but because of them a lot more people survived.

Before long Vritra returned too, he had killed thousands of members of Twilight and other organizations and captured many lords.

"Hubby, did you find anything?" Yasmine asked as soon as Vritra returned.

"No, but I am going to question members of Twilight now. Let's go." He said and the four women were instantly teleported into the book of dimension with him.

In front of them sat a group of lords, a total of eighteen men.

Red was among them too. In the end Vritra had found the rat escaping away from the continent.

He must have heard the news of Vritra's return and fled in advance, but too bad for him, Vritra still caught him.

"These pigs!" Diana instantly cursed upon seeing them, she was well aware of all their crimes.

"Alright let's start by setting up an example." Vritra said as he turned to face the group, he asked no questions and instantly teleported two guys away from the group.

These were all powerful lords yet now they looked extremely frightened and kept begging.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...