Chapter 647 The Mine

"PITIFUL ONE, IT IS… IT IS… NOT A MUTANT!!" the monk shouted hurriedly running in Vritra's direction.

He panted heavily, his already big eyes widened even further.

"Not a mutant? What do you mean?" Vritra asked, walking out of the tent.

"Yes, it's not a mutant, t- this place itself has become sentient, the camp itself!!" Shitless spoke, scratching his head.

"This place itself is the monster, what exactly did you find?" Vritra still found it hard to believe.

"Come with me, I will show you." The monk urged, but Vritra couldn't just leave his wives like that.

Although slow, Shitless understood, he spoke hurriedly: "How about I guard this place and you check out the doctor's tent, you will know once you are there."

Vritra nodded, as he ran in the direction of the doctor's tent.

It wasn't far and he arrived there quickly, but just as he was about to enter a voice called out:

"Pitiful one, what are you doing here?"

Vritra was startled as he turned and saw Shitless standing not too far away, there was no way he could have gotten here so quickly.

'Wait, who was at the tents just now then?' Vritra felt his body turn cold, he didn't stop to confirm if it was really Shitless or not and hurriedly ran back towards his family.

Extreme worry filled his heart, he should've waited until they woke up.

But when he arrived, he saw Shitless standing there and guarding the tent just like before.

"Did you see it? You came back very quickly." The monk was drawing something on the ground with his feet and jumped back in fright as Vritra appeared there suddenly.

"Huh? Is it you, Shitless?" Vritra frowned, his head hurting.

"Who else could it be if not the great me?" Shitless said proudly.

Vritra ran into the tent and was relieved to see all his wives sleeping peacefully.

He walked back out only to see two red mutant-like humans staring at one another.

"Whoa, it is another me, or is this a mirror?" Shitless on left spoke.

"Huh? Did I gain a special skill? I can become two now?" Shitless on right spoke.

'What the fuck is going on here? Which one is real?' Vritra looked at the two, they looked exactly the same.

"Shitless?" he called out but both responded at the same time.

"Yes?"

"Uh, are you Shit Sonia?" Vritra asked, guessing which is the real Shitless shouldn't be too hard.

"No, I am not!" the left one said.

"No!" the right one replied.

"What's your bull's name? Left one will answer me first." Vritra said, he held the spear tightly.

"Bullo!"

"What's my best friend's name? Right one will answer." Vritra continued.

"Zengis!"

"…" Vritra was at a loss of words, how could the fake know such things.

Then he thought of something and spoke: "Both of you, shake hands with each other, right now."

Both looked surprised, then they glanced at one another.

One appeared confused while the right one looked disgusted, as if someone had asked him to put his hand in the gutter.

Vritra wasted no time and stabbed the right one in the shoulder.

"Ughh, h- how did you…" he stumbled back and his form changed to that of the general.

"Peter?" Vritra was surprised, why was this guy doing this?

"What's going on? Why did you pretend to be Shitless?" he pressed the spear's blade against his throat and questioned.

"Haa. Just kill me, everyone here is going to die anyway, no one will survive. You should have never come here." He said, falling to the ground weakly.

Vritra didn't kill him immediately, waiting to know what he knew.

"Since you want to die anyway, why don't you tell me what you know?" Vritra said, pulling the spear back a bit.

"…Very well, I might as well put my last bet on you.

And by talking to that doc, you have put a target on your head, that's why she- or rather the thing controlling that body sent me here." Peter spoke.

"We operated this place to save lives upon the arrival of the apocalypse. But we didn't know that there was a mine under this base, and at some point the base itself had turned into this… this monster.

That thing lures more people here just to steal their sleep and dreams and become more alive.

The people with healing ability are the best meal, that it can directly possess, like those poor doctor siblings."

Vritra more or less got the gist of it.

'Looks like I will have to go visit this mine to solve the problem.' He thought, and with Shitless here the mutant cannot harm his family.

It even went as far as sending the general to imitate the monk to get him killed by Vritra, just how much do even mutants avoid the Shitless?

"Stay here, I will go take a look." Vritra said, he pulled the general to his feet.

"Help me, and I can save everyone here." He spoke in a solemn tone.

The general nodded, the wound wasn't too severe so it won't be a hindrance.

They quickly left, while Shitless stayed behind.

…

The doctor was pacing around outside her big tent, she seemed anxious.

"Doc, I am back." The general spoke, walking back calmly.

"How did it go? Did he get rid of that bald guy? He did, right? We can't have something like that here." She spoke.

"Yes, he is gone, but more importantly, there really is a healer here." Peter spoke.

"Really?!! Bring me there, right away."

The two left as Vritra finally came out, he walked into the tent and was surprised by what he saw.

Except for the big hole in the ground, there was nothing, and countless veins were going out of that hole.

"It really is a mine, will this thing die if I cut off all the veins?" he wondered but decided to first check it out.

Without touching any of the veins, he jumped into the mine which was deeper than he expected.

It was dimly lit and the walls were all covered with a lot of crystals.

The crystals were light blue, and were constantly emanating energy.

"So, this is its heart? There are quite a lot of crystals." Vritra walked closer to the wall and pulled one crystal.

With his high strength, it was not difficult.

He tried absorbing it, but nothing happened, with a frown he stared at the crystal.

Then he washed it and…

BITE

He bit the crystal, and it actually broke into two, as Vritra chewed it, the stone seemed to dissolve and disappeared completely right as he swallowed.

[You have obtained 1 spiritual attribute!]

"Whoa, I can gain attribute from this?!!" Vritra exclaimed, suddenly feeling very excited.

But then he wondered, if there are a few more caves like this then how strong would those humans become?

Especially those ten players, they already must be way stronger than him.

He needs to keep getting stronger, to the point he could easily kill them and this was just the beginning.

"This is all mine!!" he was sure if he could devour this all, the issue with the monster will be gone as well.

Wasting no time, Vritra began to munch on the crystals, pulling one after another from the wall.

CRACK CRACK

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... 