Chapter 159: Origin: Unknown

Upon Vritra’s death, the number of people had been reduced by one, but upon his rebirth, the number of demons inside the barrier had increased.

Despite becoming a demon, his body was still incapable of constantly using so much energy. But Elegy Parasite pushed his limits and even began to extract Vritra’s life force to keep him going.

BOOOOOM!!

With a loud boom, the head of the man from the Nine Pacts exploded as his body limply began to fall toward the ground. Of course, he wasn’t dead yet, but that was a fatal injury and would need some time to heal on its own.

Hearing that loud sound, everyone seemed to be filled with a feeling of trepidation. The next moment, Vritra disappeared once again, baffling everyone.

"Remove this fucking barrier, otherwise all of us are going to die here together! We can’t handle our Lord’s energy with so little strength, you Bone Blood Cult bastards!" Silquor roared in rage and frustration. He felt immense anger at seeing someone else use that essence core.

Then Vritra’s body flashed again. He appeared in front of the army of over ten thousand men from the Nine Pacts, who had moved to the back of the barrier, holding the giant axes in both his hands.

While a devastating storm of dust rose into the air—thousands of times more powerful and dangerous than before—it swallowed all the people. And as the particles brushed against their bodies, their skin was torn and began to bleed.

The fearful images of thousands of men were reflected in Vritra’s black eyes. His body left behind an afterimage as he swung both axes in a horizontal slash, tearing through the bodies of dozens of Nine Pacts members.

All the people here were much stronger than the ones that Vritra had slaughtered back in that tomb, but in his current form, they didn’t even have the time to react as their bodies were torn in two.

Then...

『

[You have killed a Level 639 Human.]

[You have killed a Level 769 Human.]

[You have killed a Level 402 Human.]

[You have killed a Level 536 Human.]

...

[+EXP Earned.]

...

[You have Levelled Up!]

[You have Levelled Up!]

[You have Levelled Up!]

...

[All Stats Increased by 1.]

[All Stats Increased by 1.]

[All Stats Increased by 1.]

...

[You have gained 1 Allocation Point.]

[You have gained 1 Allocation Point.]

[You have gained 1 Allocation Point.]

...

』

Vritra was like a raging fire in a thick forest—wherever his body moved, he left behind a trail of torn corpses. There was no technique but pure and utter violence. His speed had risen to such a level that by the time the Nine Pacts’ men noticed him, he had already slaughtered more than a hundred men.

His body kept flashing in all directions. There were no screams—just pure terror. None among the top leaders from the Nine Pacts were able to come help, as they were all struggling against the deadly storm that was manifested using the destructive demonic energy.

"H-He is here, get in the formation and—"

A cloud of blood rose in the sky. Vritra’s face was completely expressionless. A bloody mist filled the air. He was killing them all like a machine. With each slash of his axe, their bodies were dismembered and thrown to the ground.

Messages after messages poured in front of him. If he was conscious, Vritra would have been shocked that he was actually receiving experience points upon killing humans—which directly meant that even his origins were no longer that of humans.

He had completely transformed into a demon—no, something far more abnormal, a very unique and strange mutation or evolution.

A Demonic Dragon, but also excessively different from both.

Raising his hands high, Vritra threw both his weapons forward with all his strength. The men were either cut down or turned into minced meat upon colliding with them. The axes charged through the crowd without any hindrance at all.

"Remove this darned barrier! If this goes on, with our limited strength, we won’t be able to fight him. He will soon kill all my army—and then it will be your turn!" Faceless shouted, while protecting himself against the sneak attacks being launched by the purplish dust.

"Hah! I can kill him again. I will do it right this time. There is no way he could handle this level of power for long. And the moment he returns to his weak body, I will tear him to pieces with my own hands. Till then, just wait patiently for your turn." Blunder screamed. The thing he hated most was letting his targets live a happy and peaceful life.

But seeing Vritra so high and mighty in the sky, as he massacred hundreds of people with each passing moment, Blunder felt an even stronger wish to kill him—to see him suffer.

"Tch. That twisted bastard... What about you? Can you do anything?" Faceless was going mad as he watched so many of his men dying. He looked at the three demon generals and asked.

"H-How can he do that? How can he control our Lord’s energy and core? It is still too much for him to handle—and his body is already starting to reach its limits. But that’s only because his level is still too low." Morvik mumbled in shock. The three generals were all baffled.

They could tell that Vritra was now a demon—and no ordinary demon at that. They clearly heard the sound of two hearts from his body.

Even their Lord wasn’t as special. Only a few Demon Lords had two hearts, and that number could be counted on the fingers of one hand—and a finger or two might still be left.

Though it was highly possible among the Demon Gods. According to the rumors, they all possess two hearts. So it was impossible to understand how Vritra’s body underwent such a mutation. It wasn’t just because of that potion. Aside from their Demon Lord’s core, Vritra definitely possessed something even more valuable and powerful.

"We have to get his body and find the answers," Thaddeus spoke. But with their levels locked, they were busy just keeping themselves safe.

Faceless saw the tranced demon generals and knew no help would be coming from them. He gritted his teeth and could only watch as his army was getting slaughtered by that demon.

BAANNNGGGGG!!

BAANNNGGGGG!!

Flesh splattered everywhere. The two large weapons cleared two straight lines through the large army as they cleaved through bodies, killing hundreds of men. Most of them panicked and began to run away, while a few confident ones—who believed in numbers—rushed forward to attack Vritra, who was in that strange state.

And the result?

BOOOOOOOOOM!!

Just by punching the empty air, a strong shockwave was created that made their bodies explode upon impact.

The purplish aura churning around his body grew denser and denser. His hearts were going all out to pump the Demon Lord’s energy across his body—constantly increasing his strength, while his body was working at full capacity.

Slaughtering the wave of humans at rapid speed, each strike resulted in the deaths of hundreds, as his level grew quickly.

In such a short time, Vritra had killed more than five thousand men. But he didn’t stop, nor did he slow down, as he continued with the annihilation.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...