Chapter 614 A Mass Kidnapping

As Sloth spoke, everyone's expressions turned to confusion.

Lord 11 stood up and asked respectfully: "King Sloth, wasn't it you who called us all here for the meeting? All of us had received orders directly from you."

"Yes lord, why would we disturb you? We handle most things ourselves, we even called everyone back to this realm from outside since you said so." Another demon lord said.

They were all confused, even the demons that had hidden among humans and other races were called back in a hurry, so the demon realm was now very flooded with demons.

"What?! Are you all playing a joke with me, did you already forget my fury or should I eat one of you to remind you?" Sloth hit the armrest in rage, making it explode.

The demon lords instantly fell silent, it didn't seem Sloth was joking either.

If neither they nor the king had called this meeting then who exactly called all of them here and how?

"What's going on? You all better not play tricks or I will-" just as Sloth was threatening, the sound of steady footsteps echoed.

All gazes turned towards the entrance where a silhouette appeared.

"Who is it?" Sloth narrowed his eyes, though because of the fat, he could barely even open them.

After a couple of seconds, a beautiful fox demon appeared before everyone.

"Hello everyone, it was me who called you all here." There was a faint smile on her face as she gazed around at all the demons.

There was once a time when she was being forced into marrying that pig because of Raelion's whore mother.

But now, her strength had grown to the extent that she could kill all of them within moments.

She was really happy to have Vritra in her life, without him, she might already have ended her life rather than marrying that Ziggy.

"Who are you- Oh I think I remember you, aren't you the girl from Raelion's family, I remember one of my sons fancied you back in the day." After a moment, Sloth recognized Maeve.

But all demons stared in entrancement at the extremely gorgeous demoness, they had never ever seen such a beautiful entity.

The measure of her beauty far surpassed any lords.

Many had seen her before, although she was very beautiful but the demoness now was too intoxicatingly beautiful.

"Whoa is she really that uh Maeve? When did she become so beautiful?" one of the demon lords muttered in amazement.

"I think I am falling in love, she's too hot!"

Everyone stared at the demoness as she made her way into the hall.

"Your name is Maeve huh, so was it you who called this meeting? What was your purpose- No before that, I heard you are responsible for the death of one of my sons.

That crime is punishable by death, but if you agree to marry me then I can forgive you." Sloth too couldn't keep his barely open eyes away from the stunning demoness, her aura was too seductive.

The fox demoness looked playful, cunning and too alluring.

Upon entering the hall, Maeve looked around and finally her gaze landed on the big piece of fat who had just proposed marriage.

Her expression changed instantly to one of disgust.

"You pig father and son, did someone take away all the mirrors from your house or has a mirror that could contain your size not been made yet?

Your stench has made this realm too smelly." She pinched her nose, even looking at that large pig made her eyes feel dirty.

She looked at the other demons, ignored the shocked, lustful and angry pig and spoke: "Yes, it was indeed me who called for this meeting.

And I am giving you ten seconds, all of you surrender and sit on your knees."

BOOM

The other armrest exploded as well, the fat on Sloth's body trembled as he spoke in anger: "You rude girl, you feel insulted by the idea of marrying this king?! Good good, now you have angered me, at any cost, you will be married to me now."

"Hahaha did you hear what she just said? She wants us all to kneel and surrender? With just her?"

"She even said it so seriously, anyway, what a pity that pi- cough our king will get this beauty, I would have given up everything to marry her."

All the demons began to laugh, not taking her threat seriously at all.

While several of them even stood up, to please the fat king, they decided to capture her and present her to him.

They would be happy to even get a chance to touch her a bit, seeing her slender milky arms, they gulped.

"Well, little girl, just give up. There is no point in-" over ten of them had rushed forward, with similar thoughts.

Even getting to touch her hand would be a lifelong achievement for them.

Maeve's gaze fixed on the fat demon, she didn't even feel angry at their disrespectful words, they were nothing more than bugs.

And what's the point of getting angry when they could easily be crushed to death.

"I gave you all a chance." She shook her head.

Then as over a dozen demon lords charged at her, Sloth shouted to make them stop, knowing their thoughts.

Maeve's charms were just so high that because of their lust they seemed to have forgotten everything.

Just as Sloth was about to attack, a pinkish fog rushed in all directions around Maeve and then…

BOOM BOOM BOOM

The heads of the demon lords in the hall exploded one after another, like a chain reaction.

All hundred demon lords had their heads exploded, creating a bloody mess, as pieces of brain matter and bones flew in all directions.

Except for Sloth, all the other demons' heads had exploded.

Of course they hadn't died yet.

"W- Wha-?!!" Sloth froze in shock and fear, how could she be so powerful.

As the cloud of lust finally subsided, he finally remembered something important.

Whose woman was Maeve exactly? Wasn't it that demon who had supposedly died in the war?

But from the recent news, he got to know that Vritra was actually back and had massacred a lot of Golden Moon members.

"I- Is he here too?" his eyes widened, his heart almost stopped, as he gulped in fear.

Maeve was already so terrifyingly strong, if that devil is here too then-

All the demon lords' bodies had gone limp, their heads started to heal rapidly but they couldn't move at all.

A feeling of dread filled their heads and many of them too remembered who her man is.

STEP STEP

Just then, the faint sound of footsteps echoed and then a terrifying energy engulfed the entire hall.

The powerful and proud demon lords almost fainted just from that, and finally a terrifying figure came into view.

Two big horns were on his head and a flame with many colours was burning around his body, his face looked different from back then.

But…

"I- It is him!! This is Vritra Arclis!!" Sloth exclaimed loudly, the memories of the war had become a nightmare for him too.

All demons became restless and wanted to escape, they had even dared to covet his woman, and said all those things.

What fate awaited them?

Vritra stopped beside Maeve, pulling her closer as he wrapped his arm around her waist and spoke: "Are you all ready for a mass kidnapping?"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...