Chapter 356: Disaster

There are countless powers spread across the universe, though for most, gods are the highest and strongest beings.

But since no gods directly interfere with beings on the planet, they aren’t normally considered in the power system.

Under the gods, there are many powerful entities like the demon lords, the six seats of the Golden Moon, five monarchs of the strongest five families, four emperors of the strongest three races, three judges from the Divine Kage, and the two lords.

All of them had stood against the demons and any other danger.

All of them were busy with their works when suddenly a piercing voice reverberated throughout the universe, challenging them directly.

Of course, they were among the few who knew about the Divine, and also knew why he hates them.

The gods and demon gods can’t make a move against the new Divine unless he comes knocking at their door, so they gave the highest level of order to all their followers.

Kill Vritra Arclis at any cost before he gets the time to grow.

All other strong people who were also threatened during the announcement also began to search for Vritra, though many of them had different plans for him.

The human emperor was also among the ones who were threatened. There are a total of three continents where humans could live.

Out of the three, Topaz could be considered the smallest and weakest, then comes the Opal continent which wasn’t all that different from Topaz.

The biggest reason for the two continents being so weak was the power management. Almost the entire power of humanity was present in the single and largest continent, Quartz.

They wouldn’t allow the other continents to grow enough that they could pose any sort of danger.

Quartz was so big that it could easily swallow hundreds of continents the size of the other two, and the power level was extremely high.

A lot of secret realms were present all over the Quartz continent, and inside one such realm that was used by the emperor to keep the most dangerous and heinous criminals, four guys could be seen sitting over benches forming a circle.

The group of four ignored the others in the same cell, their arms were chained by a special material that could greatly decrease their overall strength and make it impossible to use any skill.

One was a guy who looked to be in his early twenties, though with a childishly innocent face, contrary to all the other prisoners who kept looking at him strangely.

The second looked to be around in his thirties, with a decent face, but was covered in chains from top to bottom.

The third was a baldy wearing reddish clothes, with a swollen bump exactly in the middle of his forehead.

And finally, the last one was a blind guy with a weak body, only he was wearing simple cuffs.

Vritra, Monk Shitless, Onest and Rich sat inside one of the most dangerous prisons of the Quartz kingdom. The atmosphere around them was quite sinister.

"H- How can this be? How did I end up here? I just came to meet with the emperor, why would they capture me too? And a monk, a beggar and a blind guy?"

Rich pulled his hair in frustration, looking extremely confused and shaken.

He just came here to talk with the emperor about a big deal that he was going to propose to the dragon race, but the moment he stepped near the Emperor’s Palace, he was captured like some criminal and thrown into this place.

"Sob, my reputation, what am I going to tell people back in White Kingdom? I had never been caught." Onest was busy with his own sobbing.

"Kekeke, I am getting closer to the peak of evil, now everyone will know of Shitless the most evil monk, kekeke."

Monk Shitless was busy with his own thoughts, feeling proud to be able to get into one of the most dangerous prisons.

The blind guy with a frail body was busy eating a big piece of meat, making the others feel hungry, as they wondered how he got it inside.

"Rich, it is me, did you forget we met back in the Blue Kingdom? I am Jin Woo but here I am disguised." Vritra said, taking off a big bite from the large piece of meat and enjoying it.

All the other prisoners in their cells had a few of their bones broken and wounds all over their bodies, which is why they weren’t attacking the new group for the second time.

They were all beaten by Vritra after they tried to intimidate the four of them and steal his food; they even tried touching Rich who had a feminine body.

"JIN WOO?!! How can this be you? Are you actually blind and so weak, or is it all just a disguise?" Rich asked in shock, it should be impossible to fool so many people.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +19}

The nineteen other prisoners kept looking at Vritra fearfully; they sat in the corner while hugging their bodies.

"Yeah, it’s just a disguise, anyway, how have you been? It’s been a while since we last met." Vritra asked, his eyes were covered by a strip of black cloth.

"I was fine before meeting you guys, but how did you end up here? How did I end up here? I- I can’t understand anything."

Rich looked distraught, wondering how the three of them were not worried about their situation.

Anyone who enters this prison would be killed after a period of torture; it is considered the worst kind of prison, all three continents combined.

"Oh that—" Vritra was about to speak when Onest interrupted.

"It’s all because of this shitty fraud monk, why would you press a shady looking button in the middle of nowhere?" he shouted in frustration.

"Wouldn’t it be stranger not to press that button? I had to know what it was there for. And if you hadn’t stolen the—" Monk Shitless retorted, but Vritra stopped them from fighting further.

"Let me explain everything from the beginning, so—" Vritra was about to start but...

BANG BANG

A prison guard hit the door of the cell and shouted: "Be ready, the four of you will be brought to the emperor soon for judgement, haha I wish I could get to see that burning punishment again."

Onest felt shivers, while Monk Shitless was just excited. Rich wasn’t all that worried since after he meets with the emperor he would be able to leave easily.

But the news of it will give his parents and sister a way to make fun of him.

"Cough, so let me start how it all began, after we left the White kingdom..." and so Vritra pulled Rich and other inmates into the flashbacks, they all listened with great interest.

***

"YOU BITCH—" before Vritra could finish, his entire body was swallowed by a thick red fluid, covering him completely.

The sky of the small realm suddenly turned red, the size of the cocoon forming around Vritra growing rapidly until it had stretched to nearly a kilometre.

Yasmine flew back and observed it all in surprise, she pushed the matter of the announcement aside for the time being.

"What kind of physique is this going to be? Even the demonic God Physique didn’t have this type of dramatic changes..."

She floated around in the air, her eyes focused on the enormous cocoon that had completely changed the atmosphere inside the realm.

Even Yasmine could feel the oppressive pressure in the air, and she could say for sure that it was several times heavier than the pressure she felt when she was attacked by the demon god’s energy.

But this was just the beginning...

Vritra had already fallen into a strange unconscious state inside the large cocoon whose insides were filled with an energy so thick that it had solidified.

Slowly, it began to break apart his skin, flesh, bones, organs, every single part of him. If he was conscious then Vritra just might have experienced the worst pain of his life.

The energy began to recreate every single cell of his body, his life teetering close to extreme danger as messages from the Mutamorphis kept flashing, but even his sugar mommy couldn’t do anything in such a situation except letting the change continue on.

Minutes after minutes passed, which soon changed into hours, and nearly a day has passed and during this time Vritra’s body was constantly being disintegrated and reformed again and again.

Yasmine couldn’t see exactly what was happening inside that cocoon, but the extent was just unbelievable, the space cracked and the realm was on the verge of breaking.

Outside that realm, Vanessa, Fiona and Diana were shocked when they saw the announcement, they had just broken into the 2nd Legion rank.

When they were about to use the next legion stone to level up into the 3rd Legion rank, the announcement rang out and the three of them sighed collectively.

Just as they had expected, Vritra had caused trouble outside again but the extent was infinitely more dangerous.

"...Yeah, let’s finish packing up first, and level up quickly. We will be leaving the White kingdom soon, haa honey, what did you do this time?" Vanessa muttered, tapping on her forehead.

The three quickly finished their packing up and then used the empty 3rd Legion rank stone hurriedly.

Inside the small realm, after the long process ended that seemed to have gone on for months inside the cocoon, it finally began to crack.

The realm barely survived the disaster, outside only a day has passed but Vritra felt he had been inside the cocoon for nearly a year, sleeping and dreaming.

A blinding red light flashed, and finally he appeared.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...