Chapter 594 Apology

"Noooooooooo!!" Fallen to his knees, Jack let out a scream, his heart once again broken.

He could only watch as his long-time crush kissed some unknown guy passionately. He could feel the love between them.

'Fionaaa, what has he done to you? I- It must be some trick, I can still save her…' Jack barely stood on his feet, killing intent surging in his heart.

He really wanted to kill Vritra at this moment.

Back on the dance floor, Vritra's lips moved along Fiona's, their tongues grazing against one another.

He gazed at Jack from the corner of his eyes and laughed internally.

Their lips separated, Vritra then kissed her cheek and then his lips pressed against her creamy smooth neck.

Fiona let out a faint moan, as Vritra pulled back, she looked into his eyes.

A beautiful smile on her face, then she leaned forward and pressed her lips against his, softly kissing him.

Jack received yet another blow. Fiona was even taking the initiative to kiss this guy.

They danced for a few more seconds, then Fiona softly changed position with Diana, as she moved to stand beside Yasmine and the others.

'W- What is he…' Jack stared in bafflement as the goddess's body pressed against Vritra.

He couldn't believe the sight before him. No way the goddess would also be tricked or hypnotized by him, right?

But in the next moment, their lips met in a short but steamy kiss, as the gorgeous Diana reciprocated.

After that, Diana changed position with Vanessa and moved out of the dancing floor.

"Honey, you sure know how to break him and make him jealous." Vanessa spoke softly, their noses touching, their bodies pressed tightly.

"He is asking for it." Vritra shook his head, then he kissed his mother, taking her soft red lips into his mouth.

Vanessa released a soft muffled moan, as she tasted her son, their lips rubbing and their tongues dancing along.

Jack stared in complete bafflement, stood frozen and couldn't believe anything.

Right after Vanessa, it was Yasmine's turn. She giggled, knowing her hubby's plan, and took the initiative to kiss him.

Each of the women that had kissed Vritra was super gorgeous, so beautiful that no one back on Earth could even come close.

Yet all of them were in a relationship with him?

Then taking Yasmine's hand, he walked away, as all his wives followed.

He didn't kiss Teresa there since her face was covered by a veil, although it was just an illusion.

Jack once again fell to his knees. He knew something was definitely wrong but couldn't pinpoint it.

Jumping to his feet, he hurriedly ran towards the group. His heart felt as if it was about to burst, intense jealousy filled him.

"Fiona, goddess, what has he done to you all? Why are you with him?" Getting close, Jack shouted.

But just then an announcement rang out.

"We will now be calling the groom on the stage." It was Shen, as always making the announcement, standing beside a priest.

The same one who was present in Teresa's marriage. He was sweating heavily and wanted to just get over with this marriage.

Soon, a young good-looking boy started walking towards the stage along with his friends.

Vritra had never seen him before, so he didn't pay much attention.

He looked around and his senses locked onto his enemies. Oracle was back again, though in a different outfit this time.

"This is Jean Trant, the most outstanding young man in the entire world. He has defeated everyone in every competition, and I can say that no one else is better for my daughter than him." Shen spoke, looking extremely proud.

Vritra raised an eyebrow. This young guy was at the general rank and seemed good at fighting.

'Well whatever, it is about time we start the real show.' He thought.

The young man in question appeared extremely proud. He looked around as if the entire world was beneath him.

His family had already been absorbed by the Fords, so he would be becoming a live-in son-in-law.

His gaze landed on Vritra. Although he had married one generation higher into the family, since their ages weren't too far apart, Jean couldn't help but feel competitive.

Raising his nose high, he pointed a finger at Vritra and then gestured for him to get close.

'Sigh, some people just couldn't live in peace. He hasn't even become a Ford and already wants to fight me.' Vritra thought and just ignored him.

"Why? WHY? Fiona, answer me, why this guy? I know you love me, he hypnotized you, right? Don't you recognize me, I am Jack! H- How can you just kiss…" Jack couldn't care less about the marriage.

"Huh? Have you finally gone crazy? Of course I love him, and there has just been one person in my life, my husband." Fiona said with a frown, hugging Vritra's arm.

"Wha-? How is that just one person? Weren't you with Vritra before and now him? How could you do this to me?" he spoke, as tears started to fall down his cheeks.

"Whatever, don't disturb us. You look ugly and you stink. Go somewhere else. Any girl would rather remain single than be with you." Fiona said, then ignored him.

Jack clutched his chest, his heart gravely wounded, but he couldn't accept the rejection.

On the other side, Jean frowned seeing Vritra just ignore him.

He leaned towards one of his friends and asked: "Isn't that Teresa's husband? Who are those women around him? What relation does he have with them?"

"Yes, he is Art Yate, and those women are Vanessa Arclis, Yasmine, Fiona Arclis, Diana Arclis and of course Teresa." Came the answer.

"Hah, so shameless. He is here and still mingling with other women, acting so proud. Let's show him his place." Jean spoke, he just felt jealous.

The reason obviously being the difference between Teresa and Tiny.

As Jean had climbed onto the stage, Shen's voice rang out again: "Now, let's call the most beautiful girl in the world, my daughter, Tiny Ford!!"

Many people let out loud cheers as the sky filled with beautiful firecrackers.

Everyone looked around but couldn't find the bride.

Vritra leaned towards Teresa and asked: "Where is this niece of yours? Is she not coming?"

Her presence was important for his plan, otherwise how could he mentally torture Sir Giant.

"Oh uhm, she is coming." Teresa pointed towards the sky, and soon everyone saw a woman whose height didn't even reach three feet.

Wearing a long bride dress, she looked quite strange.

'Tiny for a reason, huh.' Vritra was actually surprised. He didn't think the name was literally her description.

Jean looked at his future wife, who wasn't even half of him, and then back towards Teresa, the most beautiful woman to exist.

Two hearts in the venue were bubbling over with rage and jealousy, and their single enemy was Vritra.

"Pfft." Vritra chuckled a bit, then he pointed towards Jean and Tiny and gave a thumbs up.

Saying it was a match made in heaven.

"You!! Father, he insulted me. Call him here now to apologize or I won't go forward with this marriage." Suddenly, Jean looked at Shen and demanded.

He was sure that with the Ford's power, even Art could do nothing.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...