Chapter 654 Fools

As a player, he was sent to this planet right at the time the evolution had started.

And with his growth and cheats, he was far ahead of the normal people of this world.

But unlike many other players he didn't just focus on personal growth, and was a bit unlucky.

He built a good team but didn't have many lucky encounters, unlike other players who were even stronger.

"We have to quickly move to the Riverdel and enter the Cave of Beasts before others, according to the news, something very very special will soon be born there."

He said excitedly, with that treasure he really might be able to surpass other players.

These players although from the same planet didn't have very good relations unfortunately.

There were still small groups but most hated each other.

"These wolves of yours are quite nice, I will be taking them all." He added.

"Of course sir, it is all yours now. You can have more from the Wolves base if you want." Butcher decided to throw Xander under the bus too.

"Hmm Looks like we will be needing more."

***

Back in the underground base, Vritra and his wives chatted calmly.

Shitless was still all red with bulging eyes, wrapped in clothes.

For some reason he just wasn't returning to normal, though he could still transform into shit Sonia and look like a beauty.

Some time passed and…

KNOCK KNOCK

Some time passed and they heard a light knock on the door.

Vritra pulled open the door and saw Junior standing there.

"What is it?" he asked, blocking Junior's vision as he kept trying to peek inside.

It was the women who had it worse in this apocalypse, a lot of them became prey to men, unless they gained enough strength.

"Boss is calling you all, let's eat together and you should know more about this place too." He replied, giving up on looking inside.

"Alright, we will be there." He nodded and shut the door loudly, hitting Junior's nose.

OUCH

He fell back with a red nose.

"So, it is time, you are free to kill them all. But leave Xander guy alive, mom use your hypnosis to control him." Vritra spoke.

After all his wives had eaten those crystals their spiritual attribute had risen by a lot, it was already above all other attributes.

And Vanessa, whose ability especially depended on spiritual power, benefited the most.

Opening the door, Vritra stepped out and walked towards Junior who was waiting in the distance.

Onest and Shitless followed along.

Upon arriving in a hall, they saw a big table full of hot food, arranged before various seats.

Xander was already seated there with a welcoming smile, if they didn't know better, they might really have fallen into his trap.

"Boss says: Please take your seats, there are a few rules here that I would like to discuss while eating." Junior translated.

Vritra nodded and sat down, all others did the same.

The eleven seats were all occupied instantly, while Junior stood beside Xander, waiting impatiently for the women to eat the food.

They had added a strong sleeping liquid, that would quickly put them all to sleep.

"Oh that's very nice of you, I never thought there could be any more good people in this world like you."

This statement made Xander's underlings almost burst out in laughter. Their boss being a good man? He was the worst scum, they just waited to see how Vritra would react soon.

"Sorry husband, but I am full." Teresa said, rubbing her belly.

"Yeah darling, I am full as well. We ate too much earlier." Fiona added.

"Me too, honey." Vanessa also spoke.

"Master, I can't eat anymore either." Maeve said.

One by one all his wives refused, then even Shitless and Onest did the same.

Xander frowned but he didn't want to show his true colours just yet.

It would be the best if they could deal with these people peacefully, but he still gestured for more people to surround the hall in case of emergency.

"Boss says: It's fine, then at least have the sweets, I won't feel good if I don't treat my guests well." Junior said.

"Sigh fine if you insist so much." Diana said as she stood up and took the bowl containing some sweets.

She used her ability and easily got rid of the negative effects it would have.

The goddess served the sweets to all the women and to Shitless and Onest, before returning to her seat.

Each of the women in the group looked absolutely stunning, from Diana to Fiona, each made their minds freeze.

"Well then, let's dig in." Vritra said as he picked the spoon and fork and began to eat.

Xander smiled and nodded, as he started eating too, of course his food was fine.

'These people are too clueless, how did they even survive in this apocalypse?' he frowned internally, he never underestimated his opponents.

But these people were falling in his traps way too easily, it made him feel a bit uneasy.

Soon Vritra had eaten more than half and the others had eaten the sweets as well.

'The effects should be kicking in any second now.' Xander smiled, he had already gathered all his group around the room, in case things went wrong.

YAWN

Vritra yawned first, his eyes half closed and others too yawned one by one.

"Sorry, looks like we are too tired by our journey." Vritra said, rubbing his eyes.

He could start slaughtering them immediately but he wanted to start when they finally showed their true colours.

When they were sure their plan had succeeded, it would be way more fun that way.

"I guess the talking will have to wait till tomorrow, we will be returning to our rooms now."

While speaking his expression changed slightly, as if he had finally noticed something.

"Boss says: Hahahahaha" Junior started laughing loudly, Xander's laughter was too strange.

Vritra stood up before stumbling, and almost falling over the table.

"D- Did you mix haa something in the food?" he asked, looking weak.

"Kekeke Wow, what a genius, you caught on very quickly kekekeke" another guy laughed loudly.

"Boss says: don't worry, you will serve well as the food of our wolves, you three men will soon receive a very satisfying painful death in your sleep.

 And as for these women hehehe" Junior translated, with an evil grin.

"H- How could you… I- I trusted you ughh" Vritra was showcasing his godly acting skills.

He knew they must have put strong sleeping solution in the food, it couldn't be poison.

"Tch boss says: How can you be this stupid, there is no free lunch in the world. If you do get it, then you are the fee itself.

 Now enough chatting and go to sleep, when you wake up you will already be up in heaven."

"Sigh You bastards, I- I am going to- Pffttt" Vritra hugged his belly and started laughing loudly, Shitless, Onest and the women also started laughing all of a sudden.

The smile on Xander's face paused, he looked at them strangely and the feeling of foreboding in his heart rose, there really was something wrong.

"Boss says: attack them and break their limbs, kill the guys!!" Junior shouted, feeling scared suddenly.

"You guys, do you practice this thing in private?" Vritra wiped the imaginary tears from the corner of his eyes, as he straightened and looked at the two.

"Well playtime is over, shall we start the cleanup?" his expression suddenly changed, as blood began to swirl around him.

"W- W- W-" Xander was unable to speak, as he stumbled back and crawled backwards.

"What is going on? H- How are you not affected?" junior asked, he too frightened by the sudden change.

"ATTACK!!" Junior shouted quickly, but Vritra was quicker, as blood bullets shot out towards the men charging into the room.

BANG BANG BANG BANG

Limbs were torn, as the dozens of men fell to the ground, all gravely injured.

Vritra pulled out the spear from his inventory and calmly walked towards the enemy.

Meanwhile, Yasmine, vanessa, Diana and Teresa used their abilities to stop enemies from using their skills.

All nine of them supported him, as Vritra began stabbing them one by one.

But he didn't give any of them instant death, he stabbed so they bleed heavily and feel the pain.

Bleeding out to death was not a bad punishment for them.

There were more than hundred men that Xander had gathered outside and around the room.

Hearing the commotion, all of them began to rush forward, only to be subdued instantly before getting taken down.

Vritra was walking forward at normal pace while swinging and stabbing the spear, tearing apart limbs and bodies.

With the others helping him, Vritra didn't even need to put much efforts.

The opponents just paused before him mindlessly, not using their abilities.

Wherever Vritra passed, he left behind a trail of blood and bodies, as they all lay on the ground groaning and screaming.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +90}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +98}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +92}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +93}

…

As the men of wolves' group began to die, Vritra obtained a lot of sin points.

Since they were all in the same party so even if his family killed them, Vritra still received the sin points.

Finally all others were dead, leaving behind Xander and junior, the two guys were under vanessa's hypnosis.

"I guess it's time to deal with you guys, you have enjoyed yourself a lot huh. I wonder what your victims will do if I give you to them." Vritra mumbled as he approached the two, who still had some senses and kept shivering.

❖❖❖