Chapter 673 An Independent Woman

After subduing Glass, Vanessa used her ability to control their leader and find the location of the Attribute Mine.

"Honey, I found it." After a few moments she replied, then added: "It is the mine for Flame Stones."

"Oh, so aside from attribute stones, there could also be other ones."

It was a pity but the value of these stones would be less than the Attribute Stones.

And not everyone in his family would be able to use them, but Fiona, Yasmine, Yennefer and he himself could.

"I guess that is fine too, shall we go and take over the mine for just a day." Vritra said, looking at Glass's leader who still looked very upset.

'Sigh at least they aren't killing any of us, and it is just borrowing for one day. My strength isn't enough so I will have to take the loss this time.' Glass thought.

And he stopped struggling.

It was just one day so he wasn't too worried.

"Let's go." Vanessa said and led the group away.

Shitless and Onest stayed back to keep watch, this mine was of no use to them anyway.

The mine was actually situated near the centre of the college, inside the main building.

Upon entering the main building, Vritra could sense many people who were hidden in the rooms.

"So this is the mine." Stopping before a glowing hole in the ground, Vritra directly jumped inside.

A few people were still working inside and were startled when several people appeared.

"W- Who are you?!!" they exclaimed, pointing their excavating tools at the intruders.

"We made a deal with your captain, so for one day we will be taking over this mine." Vritra said, without wasting any time he directly moved all the workers outside.

Then he looked at the glowing red stones that were embedded in the walls.

Getting these stones would be a bit difficult since the walls were made of stone, unlike the dust ones back then.

'If only I had my dust ability…' Vritra sighed then looked back.

"Shall we get to work then?"

"Yes!" the women exclaimed, and all of them got to work.

Vritra, Yasmine, Yennefer and Fiona were directly devouring the stones while the others just collected them for them.

If the people outside were to see this scene they would be baffled.

Normally, if people tried to devour the entire stone they would be seriously injured.

They absorbed the energy inside slowly while Vritra and others directly devoured all the energy.

It was no surprise though, they were demi gods even if all their strength and abilities were locked away.

The players also shared this benefit.

Quickly, they began to break the walls with sheer strength and pull out the stones.

The mine was filled with their chatter and the sound of stones breaking.

Shitless and Onest too joined soon after to help them and then left to keep watch outside.

Without any rest, the group continued to work the entire day.

They even took the stones that had already been excavated and were stored away.

***

Glass sat outside sighing, nearly a day had passed but there was no sign of any of them.

'I wonder if he is going to stay inside for more than a day, what can I even do?' Glass sighed.

He glared at Ming who had brought this abomination here.

How could this guy be so strong though?

Glass had fought against other groups, he was rather a good-natured guy and took proper care of his base.

But most organizations were completely different, they kept attacking this base to loot the resources.

To steal the women.

'Sigh I hope no one attacks at a time like this, we are all in no position to fight.' Glass thought, he didn't believe Vritra would help him.

A few minutes before the promised day was over, Vritra and the others walked out of the main building while chatting normally.

'T- They really… came out!!' Glass exclaimed and sighed in relief.

Those stones were important to fight against other groups.

"Thank you for your generosity, as promised I came out in a day." Vritra patted Glass's shoulder, smiling.

"You will leave now, right?" the poor leader asked.

"Yes of course, like I mentioned we are good guys. We won't harm any of you for no reason." Vritra reassured, then asked:

"Anyway, how many human scum organizations are there around?"

He needed to earn more shards and increase his attribute points, killing the humans and mutants was the fastest way.

"There are many, why? You want to attack them?" Glass asked, slowly rising to his feet, the blood rope still wrapped around him.

"Yeah, can you explain them all to your underling Ming?" Vritra said, he planned to quickly clear a few weak and medium organizations.

Before facing the powerful ones.

"…Okay" Glass nodded, then looked around and saw Ming standing with Ergen and a woman.

Vritra noticed it too, this woman was wearing rather provocative and revealing clothes, and it was evident how she had survived so far.

"Is she Ming's wife?" he asked.

"Yeah, she keeps a lot of soldiers happy in return for food and other things, well I heard she already had many affairs after her marriage, so it is pretty normal for her." Glass added.

It was better to be single than have such a woman.

"Heh, what a great couple, you two are made for each other." Ergen laughed, thankfully he was saved in time.

"…" Ming's face was bright red with shame and anger.

"What? How dare you? What other choice did I have? I want a life of luxury and in the apocalypse, only by selling myself can I do that." The woman said proudly.

"Shut up, and we are not related anymore. Get away." Ming said, moving away from her.

"Heh, what are you doing my husband. No matter what, I will always be your wife and only love you, no matter how many men use me.

It is just meaningless and emotionless sex, in the end I am only yours." She spoke, trying to hug Ming.

She really believed whatever she was doing was the right way, and how women should be, self-reliant and strong.

"Are you done with your drama? Ming, go talk with Glass." Vritra interrupted.

"Oh!!" the woman's eyes widened as she saw the most handsome guy ever, her body instantly turned excited.

She also saw how powerful he was and must have lots of food, if she could get him, she would be set for life.

"Hey handsome, how about we have a nice and long talk-" she coyly walked forward, leaning forward.

"Get lost!" With a look of disgust, Vritra said.

This sort of woman was too dirty and even if a normal woman were to approach, he wouldn't want her close.

She wanted to keep trying but the glare from seven women not too far away scared her, so she had no choice but to hurriedly move away.

After Ming understood everything, they left the Glass base, moving towards their next target, the Blood Fang.

"Sigh finally they are gone…" Glass sighed in relief and decided to go and check how much they managed to take in a day.

They didn't seem to be carrying anything so he was happy, how much could they have absorbed in just a day?

Though the very near future was going to be too hard on his heart.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...