Chapter 707 The city of ruins

Shitless found his joke pretty funny but not the crow player, he glared at them.

"What was your purpose in calling me here?" Crow asked, flapping his large wings every now and then.

"That's to kill you." Vritra spoke, taking a step forward.

"Oh you seem pretty confident and it seems you know about the players, tsk tsk and you still dared to bring me here? The result is only going to be death!!"

Crow said, letting out a shrill scream as it flew higher, probably to charge for a powerful attack.

Vritra also got ready as blood started to spin around him, one attack would be enough to kill that guy.

But his ability and ascension path were pretty much useless as Vritra already possessed the Evomorph skill.

"Heh Whose death are you talking about?" Onest asked, ready to attack just in case.

"Kaw Of course…" the crow while flying higher looked down and added: "Mine!"

"Huh? Isn't he flying a bit too high? What sort of attack is he planning?" Shitless scratched his head as the crow man flew higher and higher.

He just wouldn't stop, and after reaching a very high altitude, he fled in the same direction he came from.

"T- That fucking bird is trying to escape!!" All of them were surprised, they didn't think Crow would choose to flee even before attempting to fight.

Vritra rolled his eyes, large wings appeared on his back, and with a single flap he flew high, turning into a blur.

WHOOSH

Crow was baffled to see Vritra catching up so fast, and how could that guy fly?

His body started to change rapidly as he transformed into some unknown bird with even higher speed.

Flapping his wings quickly as if life depended on it.

But Vritra was still way faster.

In a couple of seconds, he was flying right beside Crow.

"Hey, how are you holding up?" he asked, flying in a relaxed manner.

While Crow was covered in sweat, exhausting a large amount of his energy.

"KAWWWW, get away from me, I don't know anything!! Don't kill me!!" he shouted, changing his direction suddenly.

But it was useless.

"You don't know about what? Quickly say it or you will suffer far worse than what your leg did." Vritra spoke.

"M- My leg? What do you mean-"

BOOM

Suddenly, his right leg exploded, blood spluttering all around as the crow screamed in pain.

Losing his balance he started to fall down but Vritra just controlled his body through blood and made him freeze in the air.

"Now, tell me about what you don't know." Vritra said, it was better to get as much information as possible.

"Y- You won't KAW kill me if I do, right?" Crow asked fearfully, shaking violently.

The pain was quite bad but he could manage this much pain.

"Yes, I won't kill you if you are Onest, I swear over that Baldy friend of mine." Vritra said with an honest look on his face.

Crow hesitated, but there wasn't any choice really so he quickly spoke: "I- It wasn't me, it was that bastard KAW Sonic, he w- was behind the mass murder of Hankton city."

"SOB I really am innocent, I was just searching for him, he obtained some big powerful treasure and went mad. He annihilated an entire city!!"

Crow spoke quickly, he had sensed already that one of the players had died at Vritra's hand.

And the aura he was releasing naturally, as a beast he was very sensitive to it and sensed what a monster this guy is.

That's why his first instinct was to flee.

"Ah Hankton city is the one we will be heading into, that Sonic guy killed everyone in that city? Sigh." Vritra just sighed.

He pitied the people there, all the kids, men, women, pregnant women were all just killed in that city.

"Thanks for telling me, I will make sure to make him pay extra when I meet him." Vritra said.

"O- Okay, I can leave now right?" Crow asked hopefully.

"No, you are not Onest, so why would I let you go?" After speaking, flames burst out of his hands.

Crow screamed in extreme agony, his body was swallowed by fire, as his fur burned and skin started to melt.

He flailed his arms crying and screaming, dying by fire is considered one of the worst deaths.

And Vritra didn't make it any easier for Crow.

A few minutes later several messages popped before him, and Crow's body was completely burned to a crisp.

Vritra just threw whatever remained away, staring down at the flooded ground.

"Sonic… I will have to look for him." Vritra mumbled, he had already killed two players.

Then he disappeared.

Appearing back in the cart, Vritra sat down and explained what he found to everyone.

"Sonic, hmph these bastards, they have no morals." Onest cursed.

"Hubby, it is what it is, we can't do anything for them. What we can do is kill those gods!" Yasmine said, flames burning in her eyes.

Vritra nodded, those gods will have it coming for them very soon.

There were ten gods, and ten of them, what a perfect match.

All the gods could be replaced, at least the gods in control of their planet.

"Let's continue, there is nothing left here." Vritra said, and after a short chat they all returned to their seats.

The cart flew quickly as Yasmine continued to kill the mutants in the flood water with spiritual power.

Without any stop they flew for hours and exited the city.

And arrived in Hankton city, the land was completely destroyed, not a single building remained standing.

Blood and flesh could be seen all over the buildings which were above the flood water.

Even the mutants in the water were mostly dead, the tragedy had taken place not long ago.

It was very brutal, they were all killed while trying to survive the apocalypse.

They were struggling endlessly only to be killed without even knowing what struck them.

All the families gone.

Since Vritra has a family, he knew how precious family members are, and that's why he pitied all these people.

Looking down, all of them felt bad.

Without any stop the cart continued to fly rapidly, the entire land was badly destroyed.

"How strong is that Sonic guy that one attack was able to destroy the whole place?" Fiona asked.

With their current strength, they could do it too, but the players aren't supposed to be at their level yet.

"Probably the gods have spread various treasures all over the place, some might be too powerful. He might have obtained something good." Vritra said.

They still have to be a bit careful it seemed.

They ate some food without stopping and Vritra increased the size of the cart as they rested in there.

After a long travel they were out of Hankton city, the atmosphere there was really eerie.

But the next city was even stranger, there was no flood water, the buildings were all intact.

Everything seemed so normal as if no apocalypse had appeared there, it was way too peaceful.

Humans were walking around on the roads without a worry, this place looked completely normal.

"Now, what the hell is going on here?" Vritra stopped the blood cart outside the city and spoke in confusion.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...