Chapter 249: Trapped

All of a sudden, Vritra sensed three presences approaching. They had probably noticed when he flew at such a high speed. He scanned the surroundings and, just as he expected, it was the three demon generals.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +3}

"L- Lord?!!" Thaddeus exclaimed as they caught sight of Vritra. His aura seemed even stronger than the last time. They had been away for such a short period, yet his strength seemed to have grown by a lot.

How can an ordinary human be capable of that? It has to be their lord, Voromir Zuke.

"So you are finally back." Vritra puffed out his chest and held his hands behind his back as he gazed at the three demon generals indifferently.

The three generals knelt in front of him. Even though Vritra was still weaker than them, they were shivering before him because of past trauma.

"W- We are sorry to have doubted you. Forgive us, lord. There is no way an ordinary human could control your core. But why didn’t you say anything the first time we met?" Silquor spoke, looking at Vritra with his head tilted.

"Hmm hmm. Good question." Vritra nodded as he flew towards the three generals, who were patiently waiting for an explanation.

But in the next moment, Vritra pulled out a leather slipper from his inventory and hit the faces of the three at lightning-fast speed. He had still kept Shift activated. Vritra even added a little bit of the demon lord’s energy to make them feel a little pain.

THWACK THWACK THWACK

"You garbage slaves, you believe you are worthy enough to receive an explanation from me, Voromir Zuke? It seems you have forgotten all your manners."

Vritra was frowning as if he was really angry. He didn’t even need to use his brain to play the part of this demon lord.

Just act arrogant and vulgar, reply to anything with slaps, and they wouldn’t doubt him one bit.

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +3}

"F- Forgive us, my lordddddd—" the three generals were so frightened they kept lowering their heads until their foreheads collided with the ground.

"I- I didn’t mean that! If we knew it was you before—no no no, it is our fault that we failed to recognize you earlier! We will accept whatever punishment you wish to give us." Morvik said hastily. The fearsome generals were really like chickens right now.

"..." Vritra slowly descended towards the ground and landed exactly in front of them. None of them even dared to raise their heads.

"Sigh. Forget it, you three are still just kids, and I am really happy that you have stayed loyal to me despite all these years since my death.

If you hadn’t brought that core near the labyrinth at that time, then I wouldn’t have been able to take this body." Vritra said, looking at his own body as if it felt foreign.

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +3}

{Sin Point Gained: Looked up to +3}

"My lord..." the three looked up in reverence and joy at receiving his forgiveness. They thought he would certainly kill them for attacking him before, but it seemed death had changed him a lot, and they felt happy to see this new side of him.

"You remember the Nihil-Anima, right?" Vritra spoke as his aura suddenly became violent and his expression turned enraged.

"Of course, lord. That cursed thing is exactly what killed you before. You were just sacrificed by the demon god and then thrown away. It all happened because of that darned Mythic Halo." Silquor answered, his wrinkly skin shivering.

"Yes, even after my death, my fight with that Mythic Halo didn’t end. For the world, both of us were dead, but our legendary battle continued for years upon years." Vritra said in a dramatic tone while the three generals listened in awe. They were like little kids with stars in their eyes, listening to their idol.

{Sin Point Gained: Intrigued +3}

"A- And then, what happened?" Thaddeus asked curiously.

"Of course I defeated that Mythic Halo." Vritra said proudly, his head raised high as he extended his right hand, and invisible flames burst out of his palm.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +3}

{Sin Point Gained: Amazed +3}

"Whoa!!" the three were flabbergasted as they stared at the Mythic Halo in a daze.

"L- Lord, you actually took down this thing that not even a demon god could subjugate? Even that other Mythic Halo was almost devoured by it, and you really became its owner?!!" Morvik asked in shock.

"Yes, I am the first lord of the Nihil-Anima Mythic Halo, and it is completely under my control. But don’t tell anyone about it." Vritra said, showing how much he trusted the three of them.

Silquor, Thaddeus, and Morvik felt even happier. Previously, their lord wouldn’t even share the smallest secrets with them, and now he shared such a big secret, so he really trusted them with his life.

It seemed their effort in trying to bring him back was worth it.

Finally, Vritra cleared his throat and brought their attention towards him: "Now, I want to ask if the three of you want to follow me in the future or live your own lives.

But I can promise you one thing—this time we will be a lot stronger than before and reach much higher. I will make even the gods kneel."

"..." All three of them felt goosebumps as they imagined such a great future. How could they deny it? So they readily nodded their heads: "Yes, lord. Even in the future, we wish to be your loyal soldiers. We will follow every single one of your commands."

"I completely trust you, but just like how you had a doubt about me in your mind, I have a slight doubt. And until that doubt has disappeared, we can’t be a family." Vritra said as his expression turned solemn.

’F- Family? He called us his family?’ The generals were once again baffled and overjoyed as they hit their heads against the ground and shouted in a voice full of energy:

"Lord, just give us an order and we will prove our loyalty to you!"

As he looked down at the three kneeling generals, a big, evil, and twisted smile spread across his face. Everything was going according to his plan.

"Ooof, that evil smile—I love it!!" Yasmine was laughing hard all this while. Her hubby was too great of an actor.

"It is sort of a formality, just a simple test, nothing much. After this, I will be completely sure that you are 100% loyal to me. You don’t have to do anything..." Vritra paused as he once again brought Nihil-Anima out, over his palm.

"This Mythic Halo, as you know, is connected to souls, and it has a hidden ability that allows me to see if you hold any negative thoughts against me.

So I will just send this flame to search through your soul. Don’t reject it even if it feels a bit weird and uncomfortable—it is a very, very simple test of your loyalty." He explained, his expression returning to a calming smile.

Even the generals were confused about it, but how could they reject their lord’s offer of becoming a family with him? It was going to be a simple little test anyway.

{Sin Point Gained: Trapped +3}

"Yes, lord, please go ahead." The three agreed, pushing each other back to gain his trust first.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...