Chapter 381: Kryn

Inside a large hall that spanned over a few kilometres, a table could be seen at the stage on the forefront.

More than twenty figures were seated around the round table; some had human-like appearances while others were nothing more than greyish fogs.

The leader of the Grieves in the continent was Kryn; he had taken over the body of the previous protector of the human emperor.

Gazing at the others, some of whom were playing with glyphs while others were patiently waiting.

"Cough," grabbing everyone’s attention, Kryn began to speak, his voice serious:

"Vritra Arclis, I am sure all of you know what is happening in the continent and he is the centre of all the changes."

"Kryn, from our investigations, he is also a suspect of the death of our team in the Blue kingdom," one of the Grieves said.

"Hmm, but this is no time for small gains; we have to break into the abyss prison and get all our brethren out."

Kryn interrupted; his mastery over the glyphs was definitely the best in the entire Quartz continent.

A long, long time ago, when all races began the hunt for Grieves after demons had gone into hiding because of a person named Zihong.

It was also the time when the strongest summoned hero had made a great name for himself by killing one of the demon lords.

Many of the Grieves were killed and quite a lot of them were captured to be used as nothing more than fuel, as they slowly got tortured to death.

If that number of Grieves were to be freed, all of the continents would be in great turmoil; even the demons wouldn’t be spared.

"Yes, but all our previous tries at entering the abyss prison had resulted in failure. That place is way too sinister." Another Grieve said, his face scrunched up in fear and hate.

"We have to try; that is our first goal. If we can get them out, we will finally be able to get to Rodrick Mech, the creator of Glyphs and the betrayer of the entire Grieve race."

Kryn said, endless hate surging in his eyes.

Unlike what everyone thinks or wants to believe, Rodrick Mech wasn’t a human to begin with.

He was a Grieve.

"So what orders do you have for us? Have you formulated a plan yet?" another Grieve asked.

"Yes, the decisive battle that will forever change the Quartz kingdom will be coming. As I said, Vritra will certainly be at the centre but with his current strength I doubt he could stir too much trouble." Kryn said with a suggestive tone.

"You mean..."

"Yes, let’s help him. Let’s fight against the emperors, use his name and make your presence known, show the world—no, make everyone believe, the Grieves and Vritra are on the same side.

That will be all for now." Kryn said dismissively, then gazed in front where hundreds of thousands of Grieves in human or Fog form were just roaming around.

"Turn the Quartz continent upside down."

***

Several days had passed since Vanessa, Fiona, and Diana had even heard anything from Vritra but unlike before, they weren’t as worried.

With the soul wraiths close to them, they were sure that at least Vritra was safe and on another adventure.

Diana was busy experimenting with all the recipes she had created a long time ago, and with her top-notch talent, she had even succeeded in creating several unique and miraculous potions.

After mixing many expensive materials, a potion was created that was glistening and seemed full of tiny stars; it looked beautiful.

"Drink this."

Diana gave the red-coloured potion to Fiona who was busy comprehending currently.

Although the redhead was quite sceptical about her capabilities before, now she had complete trust in the goddess.

At least she wasn’t completely useless.

Fiona took the small glass bottle and drank the whole potion in one gulp; it was warm and slightly spicy in taste. Just after a few seconds, her skin became red and she sat with her eyes closed.

Her speed of comprehension had increased by nearly two times.

"Heh, just perfect. I have gotten better at this." Diana nodded in satisfaction, then she quickly created a milky coloured potion and drank it herself before sitting down in concentration.

It had been days since they had even talked to Vanessa since the other women were too busy with the training and the test.

The princess had taught her many skills: defensive, offensive, and much more. Her speed of comprehending the Charm Field had skyrocketed at this place.

The princess didn’t hesitate to give her all sorts of treasures that could benefit her, and so Vanessa finally got ready to start the test.

’Honey, where are you? I wish I could have seen you one more time before entering.’ Vanessa thought and sighed, looking at the majestic doors made entirely of diamond-like material.

She didn’t know how long she would have to stay inside and what sort of dangers lay ahead, but once she returns from there,

Vanessa would have completely transformed; she would be the new Queen of Succubus and her strength would be much higher.

After looking at Vritra’s image, she walked into the heavy doors which shut close after she had entered.

Princess, Gia, and hundreds of other succubus stood there and watched Vanessa enter.

"Please come out safely and as our new Queen." The princess mumbled, her expression solemn.

***

Back inside Zihong’s inheritance, after climbing all the stairs, Vritra arrived back in a cave with darkness ahead. He just lay on the ground and took several long breaths.

The past days had been constant torture; it was like his body was being chopped from within every passing moment, again and again.

But all that pain had paid off, as he focussed his gaze on the empty air, exerting pressure from his soul.

The space trembled, thin lines appearing in the emptiness.

’My soul power is already at the Lord rank!!’ Vritra exclaimed in his mind; this trip had already benefitted him greatly.

Now, 7th, 8th legion rank or even the Generals could be killed with just one attack, especially the nether eye’s rotting ability which depended on his soul.

He could even injure a lord-ranked person.

"..." Maeve was just baffled. She could also sense the growth of his soul. A 5th Legion possessing such a strong soul was just unheard of.

Even among the strongest families, even if they drowned their youngest members in the strongest soul potions, the growth wouldn’t be too fast and potions would soon be ineffective.

’Just what kind of creature is he? He can’t be a human...’ Maeve thought and decided to be careful. Play nice and continue with her evil plan, to win his trust.

’It’s fine, this is all part of my great evil plan.’ Maeve thought.

"Foxie, let’s go." Vritra called out suddenly, picking her up.

"Yes master~" she replied.

After walking ahead, Vritra once again went through all sorts of traps but none could do anything to him. And again, he found himself at the foot of stairs that disappeared up into the sky.

But this time, it wasn’t the attack to soul but body.

’Oh this will be a piece of cake.’ Vritra smiled and got ready to head up; this might be a terrifying trap for some but this for Vritra was nothing.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...