Chapter 191: So many!!

Diana, Fiona, and Vanessa talked casually. They glanced briefly at Vritra and knew that it was nothing more than a clone.

In his hands rested the cube given to him by the king. Only Vanessa had some idea about the current situation; she had sensed Henry’s intention earlier.

No one noticed as the two spies were dragged out of the city at a blinding speed. Vritra didn’t care even if others might have sensed him at that moment—he needed to do this.

Holding the two spies by the back of their necks, his fingers piercing into their bodies, he soon arrived outside the city and into the forest, at the place he had made out with Diana.

After making sure no one was around, Yasmine created a barrier around the three of them as Vritra threw the two onto the ground before slowly landing in front of them.

"Y- You? Who are you?" the first spy asked, his neck twisted back, eyes full of fear as he fixed his gaze on Vritra.

{Sin Point Gained: Paralyzed +2} NovelBin.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +2}

"D- Demon?" the second spy also twisted his neck forward and was shocked to see two horns above Vritra’s head and that bluish energy rushing out of his body.

Switch had been activated, but at only 0.5%, which Vritra could handle without much problem. But even with just that much, his strength had grown significantly.

He could kill the two spies in a moment.

"Yes, a demon." Vritra nodded. For a moment, he disappeared from his position and then reappeared, blood dripping from the tips of his fingers.

"..." Both the spies didn’t even notice anything for a few moments until pain coursed through their bodies. All four of their limbs had been torn apart, and in that instant, Vritra had left their bodies severely injured, such that they couldn’t even exert a little strength.

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +2}

"Ughhhh COUGH S- Spare us... ughhhh please..." the first spy begged, looking utterly miserable, while the other wasn’t even able to speak since his throat had been ripped away from his body.

"I guess I will give you a faster death since you were just following your orders. It’s not your fault—but you just served the wrong person." Vritra said.

He extended his hands toward the two as demonic energy rushed forward and consumed them, killing them within moments.

The strength of these two assassins was higher than Bobby, yet Vritra was able to kill them with such ease. It finally seemed he had gotten a bit stronger—but this was nowhere near enough.

[Activated Suck! Suck! Suck!]

"Extract!!"

Vritra pointed at the first spy’s corpse as invisible flames burst out of his body and consumed the pieces of it. A large amount of mana was consumed by the Nihil-Anima as the transformation to becoming a soul wraith started.

But just this level of energy consumption was nothing for Vritra anymore—especially with that great skill of his that sounded quite strange.

It wasn’t long before another Legion ranked soul wraith stood in front of Vritra. After taking a breath, Vritra did the same with the other corpse and soon both the spies had become Vritra’s soldiers.

Though he wasn’t planning to keep them for long. Once his strength increased, they would be useless. Instead, he would let Bob and Bobby consume them later after they had fulfilled their task.

"Dark Knight and the others are already quite close to reaching that level too. But now that my opponents are too strong, that won’t be enough." Vritra mumbled. He wondered if there was a way to let those soul wraiths grow even faster but decided to ask Yasmine about it later.

"Go and try to assassinate the king. Do your best." Vritra commanded as the two soul wraiths bowed before disappearing from his sight.

Of course, there was no way they would be able to finish this task. After all, the king himself was at the peak of the 1st Legion rank. But it was just to give a little scare to Henry and keep him busy for a little while.

And once his strength increased, Henry wouldn’t be able to do anything anyway.

"Now that it is done, let’s see the rewards of my hard work."

Vritra first glanced at his sin points. He had several ideas on how to use them.

{Sin Points: 23,748,502}

"Nice!!" Vritra exclaimed in excitement. His days of hard work weren’t for nothing after all. Acting as Jin Woo was harder than Daddy V, but it was so worth it.

With so many points, he could do several things: buying stat points, luck points, drawing out new skills, upgrading the existing skills, and more.

His stats were already quite high for his level, and right now, just increasing them won’t make too big of a difference unless he reaches the Legion rank.

Buying luck points is a great option, but if he invests in that right now, there probably won’t be many points left to rotate the wheel.

In the end, Vritra came to the conclusion that upgrading one of his skills was the best option. All the skills obtained from the Divine Sin Wheel were already so great—upgrading them by one level would certainly make them a whole lot more deadly.

But which skill should I upgrade?

He needed to make the right decision in that aspect. Of course, he planned to upgrade them all sooner or later, but he would first upgrade the ones that would instantly make his strength grow.

"I will have to think a bit more about that, but Shift is the top contender for these points—and Forbidden too and... sigh, all skills are too good." Vritra sighed and decided to check out the other rewards.

He took out the black cube given to him by that ninja like man. It was just the same size as all the others. Vritra had noticed after looking at it for a few seconds and asked:

"Wifey, so how do I use this item?"

"It is a high level storage glyph. You just need to inject a bit of your mana and it will be bonded to you. And you don’t have to worry about them playing any tricks on the cube like the king." Yasmine replied, but then she added:

"Yeah, but there is indeed a tracking device in that emblem they provided. Though it seems they don’t plan to keep an eye on you all the time—it will most probably be used to find you when that marriage trial starts."

"..." Vritra injected his mana into the cube and could instantly sense the space within the storage glyph and the things resting inside. He took them all out at once.

There was a beautiful golden sword, a piece of cloth that seemed nothing more than a handkerchief, a diamond like empty stone, and an emblem that had a claw mark on it.

"Should I just throw this emblem? It’s not like I have any interest in marrying some random girl or anything." Vritra mumbled as he held the token in his hand. Letting someone track you could be really dangerous after all.

"Hmm, do as you wish—but it has the Emperor’s stamp over it and it could be really useful in the future." Yasmine replied.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...