Chapter 763 The Big Play

"If I make a choice then it can't be changed, just like the crack in a butt!" Raldy spoke firmly, glaring at the man who dared to refute him.

"B- Big brother, you mean the line in a stone?" Itch, who was lying pitifully some distance away, corrected him.

"I don't care who you are or what crack or line, she is my wife, choose someone else or I will kill you right here and now!" Onest shouted back, his fists clenched.

While Zira was feeling so afraid. What is this guy doing? Where is all this love coming from, didn't he hate her quite a bit because of the contract?

She looked at the dragons and was frightened, this stupid Onest might get them killed too.

She knew he is strong but not enough to kill those guys.

"L- Let's just leave, honey, you aren't their match." She muttered, pulling his arm.

"Hmph You think you can just leave now? I have already set my eyes on you, you are going to be my wife no matter what!!" Raldy announced.

The crowd which was rapidly growing were all angry at Raldy, such a pig, how dare he covet someone else's woman and be so arrogant about it.

They were hating him more and more.

"That arrogant bastard, I want to beat his ass up!" someone in their rage accidentally spoke.

"Who was that?!!" Raldy shouted, and he quickly found the target.

With a wave of his hand, the man was pulled forward, then Raldy slapped him away as he too spurted out a blood fountain.

"Someone stop this madman, he is going to kill everyone!"

"H- Help, someone kill this Raldy bastard!" people hid and shouted quickly, there were too many voices.

"Hmph Silence!!" Raldy shouted, and the sound was so loud that everyone shivered.

Nodding, he addressed Zira: "Beauty, I am far better than him, richer, handsome, stronger.

I can give you everything you might want and more, eternal life, unending money, and everything you have ever dreamed of. What can he even give you? Leave him and come to me, be my wife!"

Zira hid behind Onest, how can she just trust any man? She was a cunning woman and unless she is sure of everything she wouldn't make her move.

"Hah I am going to kill you!" Onest screamed, pushed Zira back and rushed forward.

Everyone looked at Onest in pity, that poor guy was fighting to protect his wife, he really loves her so much.

And then there is this shameless Raldy who is trying to steal someone's wife in bright daylight, nightlight?

In any case, they were all angry at him.

Onest launched a punch that struck Raldy's cheek, jerking his head back.

'W- Woah, he is so strong?! I knew I have chosen the best partner for myself!!' Zira was so happy to see the punch land.

She was thinking that Onest would be killed even before he gets any chance to do anything.

"Y- You dare to hurt me?!!" Raldy began to shake wildly, his eyes bloodshot.

He then glared at Onest and shouted: "Dragons, attack this bastard, today I am going to kill him and feed him to all my pets!!"

ROOAAAAARRRRRRRRR

Suddenly the sky brightened as over forty dragons appeared in the sky, they all released fire breath as big pillars of flames shot out into the sky.

The people were so terrified as large shadows loomed over them.

Forty dragons?!!

They couldn't believe that this bum can actually command them all, what is going on?

Has he become the new emperor of the dragons? Otherwise this scene can't be explained.

But wasn't the emperor someone else? They were sure his name was not Raldy, but right now they all were frightened.

Zira stared at the sky in just as much shock, so this guy really was not bluffing, he really is as powerful and capable.

But why would he fall for someone like her?

'Hmm maybe he is taking it as a challenge now that Onest stood up to him, now instead of his choice it is more of his pride?' Zira wondered and a strange feeling began to take shape in her heart.

"H- Hmph as if I would be afraid of a few p- pets GULP." Onest was slightly shaking as he spoke stutteringly.

But internally he was laughing, they really prepared well for this and he could somewhat guess now what they were planning.

From how greedy Zira is, she might really leave him.

But first he needed to be humiliated and act pathetic in front of this Raldy.

Seeing him afraid of the dragons, none in the crowd showed any contempt, instead they all pitied this guy even more.

And praised him that he was standing up for his wife.

"haha Is that not enough to make you feel afraid? Keep them coming, I need more!!" Raldy shouted and then forty more dragons appeared.

Now the sky was full of eighty dragons, many people instantly fainted.

This was an unprecedented event, many wondered if the entire Yate Realm was now going to be destroyed.

But why hadn't Gunter appeared yet?

"S- Sir, please wait." Just then a figure flew from the distance.

It was Gunter, the head of the Yate family, the powerful lord who despite all the hardships hadn't let the Yate family fall apart.

They all respected him, he was the protector of this realm after all.

"L- Lord Gunter is being so respectful to this guy? Why?"

"So he really is so powerful that even Lord Gunter has to show respect?"

They were all in awe but still hated that Raldy guy, they hoped Gunter would beat his ass up.

But it seemed that dream wouldn't be coming true.

"Oh, Gunter you are here? This bastard you are letting live in your realm had made me so angry, I was actually thinking of blowing up this realm." Raldy spoke arrogantly.

Gunter was in on the plan, since his son asked how could he not join.

And the sole reason Vritra wanted him to be a part of it? Of course so more people would come and he can get more sin points.

"S- Sorry sir, I- I will do whatever you want, please spare this realm, all these people are innocent." Gunter pleaded as he landed in front of Raldy.

They had talked about it all in advance and Shitless had apologized for all the insults he was going to throw at Gunter.

But he wanted to be the public enemy so he had to be very rude to Gunter.

"Hmph your apology is enough? I can kill you right now but you have helped me once before, so I will spare you and your land, but instead go and fly around this market ten times." Raldy gave him his punishment.

"Uh… Y- Yes sir." Gunter was surprised since this wasn't planned but he couldn't break the character, so he began to fly around the market.

Seeing him getting humiliated like this, everyone was angry, they began to curse at Raldy and almost throw out their slippers and shoes.

But were too afraid of the dragons in the sky.

"Do you see this? I am the strongest here, one word from me can decide the life and death of you all, you pig bastard I am going to steal your wife right here!!"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...