Chapter 493: The Unexpected Reunion

For some reason, Gunter was the one feeling nervous here. Nodding, he sat down, then clearing his throat he questioned:

"A- Are you my son?"

His fists were clenched and sweat appeared over his forehead, the future depended on just this one answer.

"No-" Vritra shook his head as he answered, but he paused as an irritating voice sounded in his mind yet again.

"Say yes, his son was assassinated inside that labyrinth several years back. Art possessed a special trait which was perfect for my plan, which is why I preserved his soul and body.

And when you were reborn, I had to use that core and the ability attached to his soul, which is why you were able to become a ’Titan’, otherwise it would have been impossible.

So, you would help them too right? This pair of poor husband and wife..." Divine went silent, Vritra really wanted to turn off his switch.

"..." The silence stretched, Vritra now finding it hard to choose either of the options while looking at Gunter’s hopeful gaze, so he shrugged: "I don’t know."

"C- Can you show me your mana?" Gunter spoke. Art didn’t really possess any special mark or anything, so the mana was the only thing he still remembered.

Even his face was blurred in their memories somehow.

Raising his right hand, Vritra channelled out mana as a mass of colourful energies suddenly lit up over his palm.

"That’s...!!!" Gunter stood up in surprise.

"Art, you really are Art! My son, sob I have been searching for you all this time, y- your mother, she fell ill after you were gone."

The strong man couldn’t stop himself from crying, he had been acting unaffected for a long time.

But so much had happened and he was truly at his limits, there were problems from outside and even his own family was making things difficult.

"Uh wai..." Gunter hugged Vritra before he could speak, patting his back, he felt like he was holding his little son.

Then taking a step back and wiping off his tears, he spoke in a hurry: "Let’s go, you should meet your mother. I am sure she will be very happy to meet you."

Vritra first wanted to have a serious talk, but he was dragged to Art’s mother’s room.

There were several maids present around the room, guards were also stationed there.

"Greetings, monarch." The maids bowed and opened the door. As their eyes landed on Vritra, they all froze.

"Is that...?" As Vritra and Gunter headed inside, the maids all had lovesick expressions, even the married ones.

He just looked too perfect, even his long black hair looked so good on him.

"Honey, look who is here!" Gunter walked to the side of the bed and sat beside the woman who was in a slumber.

She looked weak, very weak. She was definitely a beautiful woman but now barely seemed to have any life in her.

As Gunter injected some mana into her body, her eyelids twitched, she slowly opened her eyes.

"Honey, it is him..." Gunter said in an emotional tone, helping her to sit up.

"Uh... My... cough" She could barely look or speak, at such a rate, it wouldn’t be long before she passed away.

Sighing, Vritra approached her from the other side of the bed. He took out a potion created by Diana.

It was a high grade healing potion, but that alone wouldn’t be enough to heal her.

So Vritra injected some of his own energy into the fluid, which had extremely good healing capabilities.

With just a tiny amount, her life span would increase by a century at least.

"Here, give this to her, it will help." Vritra gave the potion to Gunter, who took it without hesitation.

He didn’t even question what it was or where he got it, he was just desperate to save his wife and it came from his son.

Removing the cap, he gently pressed it against her lips, letting her drink it in small sips.

The potion would take effect slowly, otherwise her body might not handle so much energy.

Yet after a few moments, her eyes opened, looking clearer.

And within ten or so minutes, she looked considerably better, even her breathing becoming normal.

Her name is Ava, she was from another top family, but ever since Art disappeared, Ava had been extremely sick.

"Who... Art?!!" Finally Ava’s gaze focused on the young man standing beside her, for some reason she was getting a familiar feeling from him.

"Yes honey, it is our son, he is back!! Our Art is back, you have to get better for him."

Gunter felt happy for the first time in such a long while, his family had become complete.

"Art... my baby sob, c- come here." Ava began to cry, stretching her arms towards him.

Vritra sat down on the bed, the woman was too weak to hug him properly, so he just put his arm over hers.

"I won’t let you go again sob forgive me, I wasn’t able to p- protect you before, I won’t let anyone sob sob hurt you e- ever again." She cried, hugging his arm.

After a few minutes, Vritra and Gunter finally left the room, leaving Ava to rest.

With her son’s return and the potion, she would be perfectly fine soon.

"Make sure to deliver proper food from now on." Gunter ordered, since previously Ava had even stopped eating food but now she would definitely eat.

The two left. While walking together, Gunter finally remembered the few things he had ignored before in his happiness.

’Art said he didn’t remember, he lost his memories? And where did he get such a potion? Where had he been all this time?’ With questions in his eyes, he turned to Vritra.

"Let’s talk." Vritra said. After discussing a few things with him, he planned to go meet his family.

...

Soon the two were seated in an empty room, with a barrier present around, stopping anyone from listening.

"You don’t remember anything?" Gunter questioned.

"No." came the answer.

"Not even me or your mother?" another question.

"No." same answer.

"Sigh Where have you been all this time? Are you alright? How did you end up in the labyrinth?" Gunter continued, though feeling a little sad and hoped his wife wouldn’t be affected by this news.

"I am fine, I... don’t really remember all that much about what happened before or how I ended up there, I just remember fighting a lot of demons, waves after waves." Vritra answered.

"I understand, you should get some rest, you don’t have to worry about anything." Gunter spoke, not wanting to pressure his son too much.

Then he added: "Oh and about the family, I know those bastards want to steal your position, but now, I will put them in their places."

After thinking for a moment, he spoke: "No, it is fine, I will handle that. But first do you know anything about Yennefer?"

"The former empress... No, after that war, she disappeared along with that boy’s body or so I heard, maybe you can find some information from Sir Giant, he was also the last to see her." The monarch answered.

"Then let’s go meet him, this is urgent and I can’t tell you why." Vritra stood up. Being the strongest in the Golden Moon, Sir Giant might really know something.

"Oh actually about that, I did plan to bring you to meet the Ford family for an important reason, which is related to your marriage."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...