Chapter 287: The Thief

’I just need to join those gangsters and stay in their gang for five days, it shouldn’t be too hard, right? And I don’t really need to kidnap anyone, but why would the system give me such a strange quest?’ he wondered.

"It does seem strange, the system although gives quests rarely — which isn’t certainly true in your case — but it would never try to send you to the evil path.

Maybe there is some reason behind making you join it." Yasmine said. Vritra couldn’t be measured by normal standards after all.

’Yeah, I will only know about it after going there, I guess—’

WHOOSH

Suddenly, a man in his thirties breezed past Vritra at a really fast speed. He was so fast that normal people wouldn’t even notice him, though Vritra felt his presence the moment he got close.

Vritra felt a faint sensation as if he had just touched his shoulder, but the man didn’t pause and continued to run at extreme speed. His strength was definitely at the peak of 2nd Legion rank or even above.

Even Vritra was having trouble keeping track of him with his eyes.

[Nether Eye Activated.]

Vritra used the third eye to its limits, but under his disguise the eye didn’t appear over his forehead. Instead of the Intra Shuffle, he was using the Misty Essence after all.

And instantly he saw how that man, who was wearing normal worn-out clothes, was tapping on people’s shoulders while running at such speed, and every time he tapped on a person’s shoulder, a faint light flashed before disappearing into his hand.

Vritra was shocked to find exactly what was going on.

’He is stealing directly from people’s inventory?!!’ Without wasting a moment, Vritra scanned his own inventory and saw that aside from some gold coins nothing had disappeared.

"NO!! ZENGIS ISN’T THERE!!" Vritra was instantly enraged. Maybe he just stole Zengis thinking of it as some treasure, but there was no way Vritra could let him take away his best friend.

[Shift Activated.]

[Strength + Endurance → Agility]

『

Agility: 187,773

Strength: 29,549

Endurance: 28,731

』

Vritra’s speed increased and with a slight push of his feet, his body exploded forward at extreme speed, even surpassing the thief.

Pushing himself to the limits, Vritra quickly got close to the other guy and muttered.

"Forbid: Agility."

[Forbidden Activated]

The thief was baffled as his speed suddenly decreased. He almost stumbled but managed to balance himself just in time, but when he glanced back and saw Vritra catching up to him, he was even more shocked.

He could even sense a strong killing intent coming from the person in his pursuit.

’He is only around the middle of the 2nd Legion rank, I am sure I can take care of him on my own, but it wouldn’t be good to fight here.

I have to bring him away from the crowd.’ The thief thought as he gritted his teeth and pushed his skill to the limit, exhausting a large amount of energy, and once again his speed increased.

"..." Vritra started to blast dust near his back, making loud explosive sounds, not caring if he was pulling attention towards himself as he got a boost once again.

He could tell what the thief might be thinking, and that’s why he was just focusing on running. Vritra soon appeared beside the man in worn-out clothes and delivered a punch packing all his physical strength in.

BOOOM

The thief barely managed to dodge the attack but still a loud noise was created as a shop’s ceiling was blown into the sky.

’Damnit, I only stole a few gold coins from his piles of treasures and one of those low-level stones, why is he chasing me as if I have stolen his family heirloom?

And he is making so much darn noise, things will get too problematic at this rate.’ The thief cursed. He was just stealing innocently, why did Vritra have to react so violently?

Stomping his feet against the ground, he flew into the air and rose high up before rushing away.

Vritra also rose high. He extended both his hands to his sides as they grew in size to the point they looked like gigantic dust hands, and then he slapped at the thief with both hands with all his strength.

This time the thief wasn’t fast enough to dodge, so he could only defend against this attack. Just in time he took out a glyph and inserted his mana into it as it transformed into a shield, and wrapped around him.

BAAANNNNGGGGGGG!!

CRACK

But when the attacks landed on him, the shield broke apart after holding on for a second, and finally the thief was forced to take the brunt of the attack.

’Ughh, he is certainly strong for someone his level, but I am still sure I can handle him on my own.’ he thought. The powerful attack barely did any damage to him, but it did attract the gaze of thousands of people towards the two giant hands in the sky.

{Sin Points Gained: Watched +14,753}

{Sin Points Gained: Shocked +16,925}

{Sin Points Gained: Amazed +17,183}

{Sin Points Gained: Frightened +12,064}

...

Lots of messages popped in front of Vritra but he didn’t pay them any attention. His sole focus was the thief who had stolen Zengis.

Vritra was even ready to use the demon lord’s energy if that’s what it took to kill that guy, but a part of his brain was still rational and he knew exposing himself in front of so many people would lead to great trouble.

’Tch, he looks so weak as if he might die by a light breeze, but how is he so fast despite his level? Should I just throw back his coins and that stone?’ But being a respectful thief, how could he just return something he had stolen? Wouldn’t that ruin his reputation as a thief?

The man took the challenge to his ego and doubled down his effort on escaping. He wasn’t called the White Flash for no reason, not even the capital guards could keep up with his speed.

"Heh, catch me if you can—" looking back with a mocking look, he said to Vritra.

BANG

The moment he turned his head forward, the thief’s face smashed into some sort of dark fog that was way too solid. Moving at such high speed and then colliding, he received some real injuries.

His nose broke instantly and waves of blood splattered out, cracks appeared in his skull and his head spun like crazy. The thief’s body fell down at high speed as Dark Knight disappeared after its task was complete.

BANNGGGG!

Vritra changed his direction and flew towards the falling figure who headed towards some sort of round open field and then smashed into the solid floor, creating a big hole in the ground.

BOOM

Vritra landed on the ground with a loud sound, as he walked towards the crater with his fists balled. This thief was definitely going to pay the price for his deed.

Jumping into the crater, Vritra grabbed the dizzy and bloodied man by the collar and shook him violently before speaking: "RETURN ZENGIS TO ME, RIGHT NOW!!"

"Ughh, cough cough..." the dizzy man soon recovered from his injury a little bit. He was about to shout back when the two noticed hundreds of pairs of eyes locked onto them.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...