Chapter 310: Back to One

CHAK CHAK

CHAK CHAK

Woooo Wooooo

Loud sound and the shaking of the floor stirred Yennefer and Vritra out of their slumber.

Her eyelids fluttered, feeling the continuous rustling of the floor, the two finally woke up.

"Mhmm What’s... going on?" Feeling a slight headache, Yennefer opened her eyes but couldn’t remember anything for a few seconds.

"Haa It feels nice but can you get up? I can’t breathe..."

Vritra muttered with difficulty; the poor boy’s head was buried under the empress’s heavy and soft melons.

{Sin Point Gained: Suffocated +1,+1,+1...}

Yennefer finally came to her senses, she looked down and found herself lying on top of Vritra, his face sinking into her tender flesh and she could even feel his warm breath on her skin.

Her large boobs had completely covered his entire face, he could feel her warmth even through her clothes.

"Oh!!" Yennefer quickly got up, feeling a bit flustered and looked around, she finally remembered that the two were swallowed into some sort of trap.

"Ughh My back hurts slightly, just from what height did we fall?" Vritra stretched his back as he got to his feet.

The two looked around and were stunned, they were actually inside a train.

There were no seats and no other passengers, it looked like an old train, like from the time of steam engines.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Baffled +1}

"Where are we?!! How did we end up in a train?" Vritra questioned to no one in particular, he walked close to the window and glanced outside.

It seemed to be the time close to evening, the sun was slowly setting and the train seemed to be moving over a bridge as there was only endless darkness below.

CHAK CHAK

"Do you know anything?" Vritra turned to Yennefer who was also looking at the outside in shock.

"...Just that this trap was set up by Bone Blood Cult and probably even demons for me, sigh I don’t have any idea about this place."

She answered in a frustrated tone, only greenery and mountains were visible in the distance.

It was impossible to know where they were exactly, the two had a strange feeling as if something had changed but they couldn’t tell exactly what it was.

"What? You mean I got dragged in it for no reason?"

Vritra said, looking at her while cursing his luck who always brings him to the wrong place at just the right time.

CHAK CHAK

{Sin Point Gained: Got stared at +1}

"No, I got careless because of you and we ended up here, haa..." Yennefer retorted.

"Hah! But if it wasn’t for the trap that was put there for YOU, then none of this would have happened." Vritra replied with a shake of his head.

"Hmph I was just trying to sav— to catch you, right I was trying to catch you, so Vritra where are you going to run this time?

Did you forget why you were hiding from me?" Yennefer spoke and Vritra finally remembered that it was the empress, the deadly and inhumane woman.

CHAK CHAK

"Ah Haha Sorry, it was all my fault, empress, I was just joking now." He said, taking a step back.

"..." Yennefer raised her right hand slightly to scare him a bit, but then froze, she looked down at her hands and then mumbled in a daze.

"I- I can’t sense any mana in my body or anything, it almost feels like..." she started speaking but Vritra was the one to complete her sentence.

"Like we have returned to level 1!!" Vritra too felt weak, there was no way his back would have hurt like that, even if he fell from a few kilometres’ height.

They instantly tried to open their status window but nothing happened, it was like they were normal humans, exactly like before they had started leveling.

Yennefer was panicking as if she had just heard the worst news of her life, there was nothing more dreadful for her than being powerless.

"Hubby, ughh my head hurts... this place huff I can’t stay awake for too long..."

Just then Yasmine’s slightly pained voice sounded in his head.

Vritra’s heart was instantly filled with worry as he asked: "What’s wrong? Are you alright?"

"Huh? Uh... No, I am not." Yennefer was surprised at the sudden question, but then she frowned and tried to do all sorts of things but nothing worked.

"Y- Yes, I just need to sleep for a while, and no I don’t have any idea a- about this place. I- I should be back in a few hours probably."

Yasmine spoke, knowing what his question was going to be, then she fell asleep.

’Wifey? Wifey?’ Vritra called out but received no response, but at least he could feel that she was fine.

’Nothing is working, my inventory, my physiques, mana, not even the Mythic Halos, what the hell is going on?!!’

Vritra took several long breaths to calm himself as not even tranquil mind skill was working.

"Glyphs, skills, nothing is w- working. How can this be?!!"

Yennefer seemed too shaken, almost like someone had just stolen her several lifetimes of savings.

Vritra’s stats were only slightly higher than what they were when he was transmigrated into this new world by Diana, he was now a completely normal human or not?

’Wait, the Sin points messages, why are they still popping up then?’ he wondered, then turning his back towards Diana, he used Fourth Dimension.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

Vritra’s right hand instantly disappeared, he deactivated the skill instantly, so only the skills he had obtained through the Divine Sin Wheel were working.

He decided not to tell her about it and tried to open just the panel of his Sin skills and upgrades and it actually did open.

’Yes, so these things are still working, that’s good. Could this land be related to Divine or maybe the rules here couldn’t affect the Divine?’ He decided to think about it later.

All of this was too strange after all, from the trap to this train and the seemingly normal place surrounding them.

Finally, Vritra turned to face Yennefer and spoke: "First, calm down, we have to find a way out of here."

Yennefer closed her eyes for a few seconds and soon calmed down, she nodded and replied: "Yes, let’s look around and see where we exactly are."

The two immediately began to check their surroundings, they tried opening the door to the next compartment but the door wouldn’t budge, while the train continued to move.

They tried everything but there was just no way of getting out, Vritra even tried to punch the windows but he couldn’t break the glass.

So the two could only wait inside, they sat opposite to one another with their backs pressed against the metallic surface that had a rough old paint on it.

"Is your strength really so important to you that even you lost your composure like that?"

Vritra asked, now that his body was that of a normal human, he was starting to feel a bit hungry.

"Yes." She answered simply, sitting there with no emotion on her face.

"... I am curious, why did you try to save me when I fell in the trap?" He questioned, missing Yasmine and the three other women a bit already.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...