Chapter 74: Red Flag

"Oh what did you hear? Tell me hurry up." Tyler asked, pretending to be very excited.

Max who was still in the room and getting dressed in another best set of his clothes, was annoyed at first when he heard the two talk right outside his room but he paused upon hearing Fiona’s name, so he walked closer to the door and listened carefully.

Clearing his throat, Jace spoke: "Fiona was talking with some friend of her, she said that she likes Max very much and even plan to spend her life with him. But she likes bad boy and the more soft a boy becomes the small her interest in him would become.

She said she liked a boy before him, he was just as badass but he became a puppy in front of her so she lost interest. She likes red flag, she would hate it if he do things like proposing, talking nicely, acting like a good guy for her."

"Whoa?!! Is that true? Then if Max becomes like that then she would lose interest in him too? Then aren’t I quite badass, would she become interested in me?" Tyler asked, his thick voice sounding perverted.

"Hah! You are not badass, you are fatass; which girl would ever get interested in you?"

Just then the door opened, and Max walked out with a frown. He glared at the two boys and asked: "Are you telling the truth? If you dare joke around about her I will beat the shit out of you two."

Jace and Tyler were both shocked and frightened or so they pretended, then Jace quickly nodded his head and spoke: "I- Its true, I heard talking to some friend of hers."

Max stared at their faces for a few seconds, then he gestured them to leave as the two boys ran away hastily, while the bully fell into deep thoughts.

’Is that why she didn’t meet me yesterday? She must have noticed that I was going to propose to her, that is why she wanted to send me away so badly?

I have been very gentle with her all this time and have been showing my interest openly, then am I not just doing the opposite?

Yeah otherwise, with her strong and outgoing personality she would have been the one to propose to me, damn it I made a big mistake.’ As this realization came to his mind, Max understood everything.

So he decided to act like how Fiona wanted him to, like the badass boy and the biggest red flag.

While he was deep in thought, he noticed the redhead making her way towards him. She wore a beautiful red dress and looked extremely beautiful and hot, but for some reason her left hand was placed over her neck as if she was trying to hide something.

"Max!!" Fiona exclaimed happily, she felt so bad yesterday for sending him away the previous night because of that hateful person, she had sensed the disappointment in his voice and she had guessed that he was most probably going to propose to her.

So she planned to make everything right, she would forget everything about that kiss.

"Oh Fiona, are you alright?" Max instantly forgot about the decision he had taken just now, he was charmed by her beauty in a second, he smiled and walked towards her.

"Yeah I am fine." Fiona nodded with a sweet smile, wondering if he was going to propose now; she planned to say immediately.

"Huh? What is wrong with your neck? Did you get hurt? Let me see." He stretched out his hand but instantly Fiona’s expression changed as she took a sudden step back, how was she going to explain that kiss mark if he were to see it.

"Ah it’s nothing, anyway what did you want to say yesterday?" Fiona asked, forcing a smile on her face, her sudden movement seemed to put a line between them.

"Oh..." Max again remembered Jace’s words and he cursed himself for becoming a softie as soon as he saw her, taking a deep breath he calmed himself.

Seeing her reaction right now, he became even more sure that Jace was right, so her interest in his had started to decrease because of his over enthusiasm.

"It is nothing, I just wanted to ask you something but it is of no importance. Anyway I have something to do now so let’s talk later." Max said with an emotionless face as he turned and left Fiona standing there alone.

’H- Huh? What is going on? Why did he become angry suddenly? Did he find out about the kiss yesterday- no based on his first reaction he doesn’t seem to know of it yet.

Was it because I stepped back so suddenly? Or maybe he really had something important to do.’ Fiona decided not to think about it for now, so she turned and went to train.

******

As the sky had started to turn dark, two figures flew from the distance and headed towards the temple, a person in red clothes was carrying a beauty in his arms, few guards noticed it but after seeing their faces they did nothing.

Vritra directly flew towards his room, as the two entered he had closed both the door and windows, then Yasmine covered the entire room in a short of barrier, now no one would be coming to disturb them.

He put Vanessa down softly on the bed, and first he remove his cape and threw it into his inventory, this thing was too useful to grab thousands of sin points just by walking on the streets.

"By the way mom, why didn’t you get a daughter since you already hate the men so much? So was it not possible to control the gender?" Lucian asked after he got over the shock of knowing how he came to.

"Hehe that’s a secret honey..." Vanessa said with a smile.

Vritra decided not to think about it anymore as he glanced at his sin points and got excited by the prospect of rotating the wheel, but that will have to wait since he has to do something even more important- to help his helpless mother.

{Sin Point: 3,890,346}

’I can get over 389 sin keys with so many points, even with such a low success rate I am bound to get two or three rewards.’ Vritra exclaimed in his mind, imagining the things he could get.

But for now he shook his head and threw those things out of his head, then he glanced at his mother and asked: "So Mom, that crest thing... how do we resolve that? Do I just need to uhh put it in? I have no experience with this."

"Aren’t I the same? Aside from you, I have barely even talked to any man." Vanessa said as she took a calming breath, then reasoned with herself that they were doing it only because of her physique, it was nothing more than Vritra helping her.

"That’s the final step, we have to start from the basics... cough all that is necessary too as preparations, sigh I know this is something we shouldn’t be doing after all we are mother and son; and that you are only doing this to help me but I don’t know what kind of effect it will have on us in the future."

____________

Thanks for reading...