Chapter 235: Inevitable

The pope led the big group of white‑clothed men towards the Phoenix inheritance. After entering the Small Forest, they soon arrived in front of the large fiery door and saw a large metallic ball blocking the entrance.

"Sir Pope, that is certainly the Phoenix inheritance that we were trying to find for so long." One of the men with a star symbol over his chest flew forward and spoke to the pope.

There were ten Stars directly under the Pope and more than three hundred other men who were all being controlled by the Grieves. They observed the surroundings and made sure that aside from the metallic ball, no one was around.

"Yes, we have to take the inheritance. That is our only way to enter the Phoenix race and control all the members without actually taking control of each of them," the pope said.

They weren’t exactly sure what this inheritance held, but one thing was certain—the one to obtain the inheritance would become the ruler of the Phoenix race.

The previous king of that race had died a long time ago, and since then the Phoenix clan could only hide while waiting for their next ruler. If the Grieves could take the inheritance, then they could move the Phoenixes as they wished.

"Take care of it," the pope ordered two of the Stars, as they charged towards the surprised Bob.

The soul wraith was startled to see so many men appearing all of a sudden, but it reacted quickly upon sensing the two approaching men. Bob raised its defense and increased its size until it covered the entire door.

The speed of most of them was a lot faster than Bob’s, so it could only hold on until Vritra returned.

BOOOOOOOOM!

Two explosive punches landed on Bob’s surface at the same time. Its surface cracked instantly, destructive energy rushed into the large metallic ball, and within moments, it crumbled.

"I wonder what that thing was. After its death, it didn’t even leave a body behind," one of the two Stars mumbled, as they looked back at their leader for further orders.

"Try going inside," the pope said, his face expressionless. It had been more than a month since this Grieve took control of the pope. Since then, they had secretly taken control over the temple.

"Yes, Pope." The same Star nodded and extended his hand towards the door. As expected, he was stopped by the barrier. Before he could turn back, the pope’s voice rang again.

"Now use our newly created glyph, the Phoenix Inheritance Glyph," the pope said.

"Sir Bishop, that name sounds bad. Why don’t we change it to something else?" one of the members among the hundreds spoke out.

"It is going to be a one‑time use item anyway, so just focus on work," the pope said in a harsh tone.

The Star nodded as he took out a fiery small cube and inserted his energy into it. The orb turned into flames and created a thin layer of barrier around his body.

Then, taking a deep breath, he extended his hand towards the door again, and this time it actually passed without any sort of hindrance.

"Pope, we have succeeded. Let’s all enter the inheritance and take the—" the Star was speaking in excitement as he looked back at the pope, but suddenly...

BOOOOOOM!!

A shadow flashed in the air. A few of the members among the white‑clothed noticed it at the last moment.

...

Vritra had just killed two of the demons without much difficulty. He kept the two in his storage, deciding to let Bob eat one and keep one for himself.

But just then, he sensed the approaching presence, and only a few seconds later Bob’s body was destroyed. Without wasting a moment, he rushed back.

To his surprise, one of the members was actually able to pass through the barrier with the use of some strange glyph.

’No wonder, the Grieves are said to be the best at the creation of glyphs,’ Vritra thought as he activated Shift and shifted 50% of his stat from Strength and Defense to Agility.

His speed increased exponentially all of a sudden, and right before the moment of clash, he shifted all those points to Strength. Using the dust ability, Vritra transformed his feet into an extremely sharp weapon.

And then he struck the head of the Star with his feet, exerting all his strength.

BOOOOOOOM!!

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +309}

{Sin Point Gained: Intrigued +309}

...

The Star was thrown away as the explosive kick landed on his head. The other Grieves weren’t as shocked; they watched Vritra with interest.

The other Star that was close to the door moved back and floated beside his pope.

With a resounding explosion, the first Star created a big crater in the ground as he let out a loud, painful scream. All the gazes shifted towards the crater as they watched in utter silence. After a few seconds, the Star walked out of the hole. More than half of his head was blown, and even his brain was badly damaged.

"Fuck!! You rat, you dared to sneak an attack at me?!!" The first Star flew up. He shattered a white‑colored glyph in his hand, and his injuries began to heal rapidly.

"How surprising, showing so much power at that level. Hmm, hmm, you pass!!" the pope said, as he looked back at all the men and added:

"Don’t kill him. I want to use him for my experiment. I can smell the creation of a great glyph if I can pull his body apart. He is special."

"But—But he hit me. Just let me kill him and you can use his corpse—" the first Star said in dissatisfaction.

"Silence!!" The pope just looked at him, and the first Star fell silent. Then he looked at Vritra with a calm smile and asked:

"It doesn’t seem to be the first time we are meeting, am I right?"

"Sorry, my memory has an auto‑delete function for people with ugly faces, so I don’t remember you," Vritra taunted. He wanted to see who among them would be angered by such a simple sentence.

"POPE, I AM GOING TO KILL HIM!! How dare a puny human disrespect you, the great—" Almost the entire group of the Grieves was enraged. It seemed they were humans’ arch‑enemies.

"Haha, do you know about Grieves?" the pope asked.

Vritra was surprised that they were chatting so casually instead of hurrying inside, which only meant they had already covered a large part of the Small Forest, and no one from the outside would be able to see anything that was happening here.

So no people would be coming for the Phoenix inheritance.

"How can I know of your Grieves? And if you want to know my grievances, then I don’t think this is the right place or time for it," Vritra shrugged his shoulders.

’Sigh. Fuck my luck. I knew it—I would end up facing them one way or another. And with Fiona being inside, I have no choice but to stop any single one of them from entering,’ he thought.

"Hahaha, a funny one, aren’t you?" the pope laughed.

Vritra took a deep breath as he took out his Axes of Chaos and got ready for the brutal battle that was about to start.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...