Chapter 329: The Divine Evolution

GRRRAAAAAAAHHHH!!

The abomination let out a screech as its body began to twist and transform, its skin ripping and limbs bending unnaturally, its body once again adapting to the current danger.

[Intra Shuffle activated.]

Vritra’s left hand grew again though it was temporary and would disappear if he deactivated the skill.

Just as the big butcher-like knife was about to come loose with its skin wriggling and ripping, Vritra gripped it and pushed it deeper.

Using every bit of his strength he plunged his fingers into the small hole that was created and let out a thundering shout, while ripping the thick skin of the creature.

The abomination continued to transform, it started to break out of the writ that Vritra had set and slowly its teeth began to return to their dangerous form.

The sharp teeth plunged into his feet and hands, cutting into his flesh, but Vritra endured.

While stopping the poison in its tracks, he pushed his fingers deeper into the flesh—or whatever that disgusting wriggling thing could be called—and kept pulling it apart.

"Damn, just rip already..." Vritra cursed, this thing was too thick-skinned and inside the skin all he saw so far was flesh, no organs or anything.

The rush of adrenaline made Vritra push his limits, ignoring the pain, his heart beating extremely fast.

KRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIRRRRRR

The abomination began to stand, its body already returning to better than its peak state. Vritra knew he would be in really serious trouble if he couldn’t do anything.

"Fuck!" Cursing again, he gave up on defence and changed the forbidden writ.

"Forbid: the life source is luminescent!!"

Instantly the teeth of the creature returned to their original state and buried deep into Vritra’s hands and legs. Intense pain shot through his body, and poison again entered his bloodstream.

But his idea worked as a strong light shot out of the abomination’s body, it was present near the throat area, half a meter above the place where Vritra had ripped its body.

Throwing caution to the fire, he pushed his left hand into the RipMaw’s body and aimed for the glowing object.

The abomination had almost transformed, it brought both of its now shorter hands towards Vritra in a dangerous manner, about to crush his skull.

Vritra felt a slimy sensation against his fingers. Without a thought, he gripped the head-sized object and pulled it out despite the strong resistance.

UUAAAAAAAAAARRRRRR!!

The abomination’s body arched backward as if suffering immense pain. Along with the deafening scream, the sound of something like nerves breaking also rang out.

A fountain of black liquid shot out of the abomination’s chest as soon as Vritra pulled out the glowing organ, and he jumped away from its body, the sharp teeth finally coming out of his flesh.

"Huff... Ughh... It hurts so b-bad... haa haa..."

Vritra muttered under his breath as he moved away from the RipMaw, and only stopped when there was some distance between the two.

Then with his nether eye he observed the creature, the entire body of the abomination was shivering violently.

KIIIIEEEEEEEKKKKKK

While spasming, it fell back and its body began to break apart. Within a couple of minutes, it had broken into countless tiny bugs that writhed in pain and rolled all over the ground before dying.

Vritra maintained the distance and just observed the scene for a while, and only after he was sure that the RipMaw was finally dead did he let his body relax.

He fell back and panted heavily.

"Haa... T-That was a bit tough, but I won!!"

He pulled out a couple of potions and gulped them down. Unfortunately, there were no healing potions here that could help him.

Even the poison-toxifying potions were weak and could barely do anything against such dangerous poison.

Vritra removed the tiny insects that had entered his body along with the poison but were stopped by him.

After a short rest, he looked down at the head-sized thing which had already stopped glowing.

"This was the root... haa haa... of it a-all... huff..."

Just then a message popped in Vritra’s mind from the sin system.

{You have cleansed one RipMaw!!}

{You have obtained one Sin Coin!!}

{Sin Coin:The Divine’s creation of life, it is powerful enough to create new sorts of life forms. Each sin coin could result in utter destruction if used in the wrong manner and can result in countless new inventions.}

{1 Sin Coin → 1 Level.}

{Would you like to devour the Sin Coin and start the evolution of your Divine Physique and Bloodline?}

"I knew it, that fight wasn’t a dream after all, so some sort of changes did happen to my physique and bloodline.

But I am sure the two original physiques are still there." Vritra pondered, then focused his attention on the new messages.

What was there to think about, everything related to the sin system and divine was better than everything else.

But he wondered what it meant by the word ’Devour’. Looking at the heart-like thing he thought maybe he would have to eat it...

"Yes!!" he answered. It’s not like he hadn’t eaten anything strange before, so even though it didn’t look edible he could still do it.

{Devouring the Sin Coin!!}

{The Evolution of Divine Physique and Bloodline has begun.}

Instantly the heart transformed into viscous liquid, that clung to his skin and then entered through the pores, spreading throughout his body.

Some sort of changes started taking effect within his body, giving him a relaxing feeling.

The process continued for around ten minutes and then more messages flashed before him.

{Sin Coin → 1/2500}

{You have levelled up!!}

Vritra: "..."

"Ha! I need how many more of these coins? 2499?!! How am I supposed to kill so many of those abominations?"

Vritra touched his head, but he could feel that after absorbing that heart his overall strength had grown quite a bit.

He didn’t even know where he would be able to find so many of those creatures, but he was just happy with such a sweet victory.

Vritra’s healing ability had improved, so his wounds began to heal slowly, but it was nowhere enough to regrow an entire arm.

"I guess I will have to do with this for now, but I also need to find a way out of here."

After the rest he finally stood up and calculated the time he had spent in this forest.

It was impossible to know about it from the sky, but from the time he had left the town he should have spent around six or so hours.

"Let’s go a bit deeper, that first location isn’t far from here."

After making up his mind, Vritra began to run, though his speed was slower because of the injuries.

Keeping the nether eye and Intra Shuffle active at every moment, he made sure to avoid the danger and after running for more than thirty minutes he finally appeared close to that place.

The mist made it difficult to see exactly what was in front.

But as Vritra got close to the location, he raised his head and stared in bewilderment at the gigantic temple, nearly two hundred meters high and spread over a few kilometres.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...