Chapter 273: Eager [R-18]

Seeing those pink candies and remembering the sweet taste from the last time, Vritra threw away his plan to tease her first as he stuffed one of her nipples into his mouth and started sucking like a kid.

"Hmmm haa d- darling, d- don’t bite so haa haa hard. Mmm," Fiona moaned as she hugged his head.

Vritra rolled her nipple around with his tongue, biting them lightly and poking the tip with his tongue. He was squeezing as if milk really might come out, but they tasted really sweet nonetheless.

The nipple soon turned hard inside his mouth, becoming even more sensitive.

Vritra moved his fingers on the outline of her labia, feeling the shivers of her body. He continued to suck on her nipples, using his tongue to squeeze the nipple. Vritra stimulated her to the maximum.

Soon he pulled apart her petals using his forefinger and ring finger, then began to circle just inside the labia with his middle finger, making her feel such a strong itch.

But Fiona could only moan, not able to form a single word.

Finally, he slowly began to push his finger into her tight vagina, feeling as the hot flesh began to climb over his finger.

Her pink pussy walls felt so hot and sticky; he could clearly feel the texture of her fleshy folds that were clinging onto his fingers as he pushed deeper, and soon love juices began to leak out.

After sucking on her left nipple for a while, Vritra shifted to the other one while circling around with his finger inside her pussy. He poked and pushed the soft walls with the tip of his finger.

Fiona never thought she would be so sensitive; it was like she was being introduced to a completely new world. Just his finger felt so good, so she couldn’t even imagine how good it would feel to have him inside her.

POP

With a pop sound, Vritra pulled her swollen nipple out of his mouth, giving it one last lick as he started moving down. He pulled the soft, smooth skin of her belly into his mouth, biting it and sucking on it.

Fiona’s body arched back, the sound of moaning filling the room. Thankfully, he had covered the room with a barrier so no sound would leak out.

Finally, Vritra arrived at the sweet spot. He pulled his finger out of her body and licked it sensually in front of her, making Fiona blush even more.

Then he gently held her thighs and rubbed her smooth skin, and with a sudden pull, he spread her legs apart as her wet pussy became visible to him. Fiona closed her eyes, feeling shy.

"So beautiful..." Vritra mumbled as he brought his lips closer to her petals.

"D- don’t say such embarrassing things..." Fiona muttered, feeling his hot breath on her labia.

Vritra extended his tongue and gave a hard lick against her clit. Fiona’s entire body shuddered, and lots of love juices instantly shot out of her body.

He gave a light lick to her pussy before sitting back up. Even though he wanted to eat her out, seeing her condition, it didn’t seem they would be able to do anything if he really did.

So Vritra decided to just get directly to the final act.

Fiona’s body was too lustful and sensitive. Maybe it was because she was the Phoenix Queen, but her skin tasted really hot when Vritra licked it—even her vagina had that sweet, hot taste.

Vritra leaned forward and gave a short kiss to her lips. Her vagina was already completely drenched and ready for the final act; he was about to start when Fiona spoke in a shy tone: "Uh... l- let me haa put it in."

She extended one of her hands and held his penis. It felt so hot and hard against her skin; she glanced down while caressing the shaft.

’S- So big, I did see it before but... it looks just so awesome.’ Fiona really wanted to have a taste of it but she held back her urge for now. Taking a deep breath, she nervously brought the tip to her entrance and aligned it in position.

"Y- You can enter mmmm~ now... I am ready," Fiona said. She had heard about the pain a woman experiences when she loses her virginity, so she gritted her teeth and clenched her vagina tighter.

"Relax, you don’t have to feel so nervous, I will stop if it hurts too bad, okay?" Vritra said. He looked into her eyes, with the tip of his cock still pressing against her labia.

Her chest heaved up and down, as Fiona took several calming breaths. She completely trusted Vritra and very much wanted to give herself to him in every sense.

After this act, he would also be hers and their relation would reach a high point.

Vritra kissed her lips again gently and deepened it, making her forget about everything else. Fiona’s body finally relaxed, and her vagina was no longer clenched as tightly.

Continuing with the kiss, Vritra slowly began to push his waist forward as the tip of his cock pushed apart her petals and started going into her body.

"Mmmmph~ Hnnngggggg~ Ummmmm~" Fiona moaned and shut her eyes tight while feeling his large member pushing her fleshy walls away and inching deeper into her body.

The burning hot folds, her wet insides climbed onto the head of the cock and soon at the shaft, she still felt incredibly tight; despite the wetness inside, Vritra could only slowly move inside.

Soon he seemed to have hit a soft wall.

Fiona was only feeling slight pain so far since her pussy walls were being stretched by his large penis, but as Vritra gave a sudden push and broke her hymen, waves of pain suddenly shot through her body.

Fiona let out a mumbled cry into his mouth as she hugged him tightly, her body shivering. It indeed felt so painful; she could clearly feel his penis reaching deep into her body and the tip pressing against her cervix.

Her nails dug into his skin, an action she performed unconsciously, though not a mark appeared over Vritra’s skin.

Fiona couldn’t speak but she was happy that after pushing inside, Vritra didn’t make a move and just stayed still, but her own body couldn’t remain still.

Even the slightest graze of the tip of his dick against her womb entrance made her feel shivers; Fiona even bit Vritra’s lip lightly.

A couple of minutes passed without any movement. The pain slowly started to recede; Fiona’s body wasn’t like ordinary humans and it wasn’t long before she no longer felt any pain.

"I- I am okay now, so please Mmmm~ can you start moving?" Fiona spoke, looking at him with a hungry gaze. Her insides felt so itchy and she wanted him to mess up her pussy.

Vritra smiled at his little eager devil. Pulling back his cock slowly, he felt her soft walls sticking tightly to his shaft, refusing to let go.

He only stopped pulling back when only the head remained inside, then with a hard thrust Vritra went even deeper into her body, as Fiona let out a loud moan once again feeling fullness in her belly.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...