Chapter 667 Sick?

"Oh, you want us to do what?" Maeve asked, her voice intoxicating the four men.

"Hahaha, hurry up and help us kill those two men, then we will decide what to do later." Fatty was the one to speak.

While the two basket guys and the scared guy looked at him in awe, his superpower was so powerful.

He could literally make an army of women who followed all his commands, they felt a bit envious.

But thankfully, they still had a chance with these most beautiful women.

"Kill them? Sure." Maeve nodded, her face blank as she pointed her hand forward.

WHOOSH

Two shadow spikes rose from the ground all of a sudden, piercing through the chests of the two unsuspecting basket men.

UGHHHH COUGH

They both coughed out blood, their bodies pinned against the wall. But the injury was not lethal enough to kill them instantly, as they looked in shock at Fatty.

He must be the reason why she suddenly attacked them.

"W- What are you doing? I didn't mean them, damnit, guys it was a mistake. Wait, you won't die, there is a healer below-" while speaking Fatty hurriedly walked towards them.

Seeing their big wounds, his face turned pale; after fleeing from this place, they still needed to depend on each other.

'Or wait, if they really die, I can have all the women to myself and make them protect me outside!' his evil mind instantly filled with wretched ideas, as a smile appeared.

"Keke, you know what, forget it, it's too late to save you now. So I will be kind enough to kill you swiftly." Folding his hands over his chest, Fatty laughed.

The scared guy had again covered himself with the blanket, but had no strength in his legs to run.

"Finish it!" Fatty spoke, frowning as he couldn't find the scared guy.

"Alright." Maeve nodded, and then another two spikes rose from the ground.

KCCH

They pierced through the bellies of Fatty and the scared guy, pinning them to the wall as their painful wails filled the corridor.

"Urrrk COUGH COUGH Aaaaaah it hurts, damnit what d- did you do?!! I asked COUGH to k- kill them, not me ahhhhh so much b- blood…" Fatty screamed as a pool of blood formed under their feet.

"Oops, my bad." Maeve said, removing the spikes as their bodies fell limply, writhing in pain trying to stop the bleeding.

Their internal organs were damaged too.

"S- Shit, I didn't COUGH ask y- you to do that-" Fatty cried out, wondering why she was not following his commands properly.

"Oh, my bad again." Maeve said, and again four spikes rose, pinning them to the wall, piercing yet another hole.

The screams of the four men startled the guards and people below as they ran up.

The fog subsided and then the figures of two men were revealed.

Vritra just stood there, hands resting in his pockets while the arrogant subleader lay in a pool of his own blood.

There were countless holes in his body, and a dreadful expression, his body still trembling in pain.

Vritra frowned as he looked at the pinned guys, he knew with the beauty of his women, it would attract a lot of unnecessary attention.

But that didn't mean they needed to restrict themselves, with him here, he would torture any man to death who even thought of trying anything.

And these people had tried.

"You want to hypnotize my wife?" his gaze narrowed at Fatty as he instantly felt a piercing pain in his brain.

He screamed, feeling like nails were getting hammered in, and it was just a gaze.

"W- What is going on?"

"Call Ming and Ergen here." Vritra said, pulling out a machete from his inventory and walking towards the four men.

"Y- Yes sir!!" the guard nodded quickly, they were very scared by the sight and fled quickly.

The scared guy was crying and pleading for help, begging for forgiveness, but it was all too late.

His fate was sealed the moment he agreed to this plan.

Amidst the loud screams of the five, the terrified Ming and Ergen arrived, they too were shivering.

Only a few of them knew Vritra's true strength, even if all of them attacked him at once, one thought alone could kill them all.

"S- Sir, forgive us, it is our mistake!" right after arriving they knelt, striking their heads against the ground.

The five dead bodies were torn apart in a brutal manner, the upper halves of four were still stuck to the wall though.

"Did I not tell you clearly enough that I don't want any sort of problem from your men?" Vritra asked, as he pointed the machete at them, splashing blood onto their bodies.

"S- Sorry, we didn't know they could try something like that SOB everyone was behaving well a- and…"

"Enough, I am in no mood to hear your excuses." Vritra interrupted, he didn't plan on killing over this but wanted to punish them somehow.

His wives had already gone back into the apartment, while Shitless and Onest joined him.

"Pitiful one, leave their punishment to me, I just need to keep them alive right?" Shitless spoke.

"Yeah right, then they will be in your care now." Vritra said, then turned back, entering his apartment.

"Hehe, why don't I test my metal body on you guys? I needed dummies anyway and mugger, you are my servant for a week, let's go to the below floors."

Soon screams filled the lower floors, Ergen with his rubber ability still had it better though.

***

After proper rest and eating, it was time to continue.

As they found out, this place is far more dangerous than the previous cities.

The nights are especially dangerous, strange mutants lurk over the streets to hunt.

There were various places that Vritra needed to visit in this city like the attribute stone caves, the beast cave and to kill Morgan.

In the end, Onest decided to bring Ming along while Shitless wanted to bring Ergen along, since they could help them with training.

Ergen was the perfect punching bag, while Ming helped with agility.

"We will have to be even more careful from here on out, it would be better if those organizations, the Doctors, the Cinema or others don't target us." Vritra spoke as he got into the carriage.

While helping his wife up, he noticed Yasmine's expression appeared a bit different.

"Wifey, is everything okay?" he asked, taking her hand and gently pulling her in.

"Yes, I just- maybe it's motion sickness, I feel a bit sick suddenly, but it's nothing serious." She replied, before smiling sweetly, not wanting him to be too concerned.

"Let me see." Diana said, taking her hand.

Now that she had become a healer, and from her past knowledge as one of the best potion masters, she possessed a thorough understanding of the human body.

Yasmine sat down and extended her arm, as the goddess tested her pulse and with her ability scanned her body.

Her expression changed to confusion, making Vritra concerned, then it changed to surprise.

"Uhm she isn't sick…" the goddess spoke slowly, pausing at the end.

"That's good then, I guess it's just momentary because of motion sickness, though as a dragon, I don't think you would have it." Vritra said.

"Yes, it's not motion sickness either…" Diana interrupted, as they looked at her in confusion.

"Actually, she is pregnant!!"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...