Chapter 135: Acting Nice will do you no good...

"Are you going to go?" Fiona asked, acting casual about her question.

"Yeah, you’re not going?" Vritra asked, as he turned towards the carriage and began to walk.

"I am going too. I can’t miss the training, can I?" Fiona mumbled before hurriedly following behind him. Since they were further away from the carriages and were walking slowly, by the time they arrived all the carriages were almost full.

Vritra scanned all of them and his lips curled slightly as he walked towards the second-last carriage; there was exactly the space for four people in each carriage.

And in the second-last carriage were Max along with two of his friends who had just returned a day ago, along with Jack. This was a twin pair who were also in Max’s group inside the labyrinth.

One was Taro, and the other was Paro.

As Vritra approached the carriage, Fiona walked behind him casually, looking around as if she wasn’t following him at all but also staying close enough that she could smell his scent.

Vritra climbed onto the carriage while the three boys were busy chatting and took the only remaining seat in there, right beside Max. When the pair of twins saw that, they frowned and simultaneously spoke:

"Who the fuck are you? Get the hell out of there, that seat is already reserved for someone else," Taro shouted:

"Who the fuck are you? Get the hell out of there, that seat is already reserved for someone else. Get off," Paro spoke, then flashed a dazzling smile towards his big brother, showing off his improvement in speech.

"..." Max just remained silent. After glancing at Vritra, he just turned his gaze away. He didn’t plan to save the seat for anyone.

"Ah... there is no seat inside?" Fiona also climbed onto the carriage but felt so disappointed when she saw that there were no seats.

One of the guards noticed this and said, "You can sit in another carriage. There are several empty seats there."

"Huh? Why would she need to leave? You—get out!!" Taro said with a frown. How could they allow their leader’s woman to sit in another carriage?

"Huh? Why would she need to leave? You—get out!! Right now!!" Paro said and flashed a smile at his brother.

"I am Vritra, and if you have a problem then get your ass in a different carriage, because I am not going to leave." Vritra said and sat comfortably.

"Oh, you are that dust one? With that weakass ability? Hah, looks like your arrogance hasn’t disappeared yet. Let me help you a bit—" Taro was about to speak, but Max sighed and stopped him.

"Oh, you are that dust one? With that weakass ability—" Paro began to speak.

"Shut up!!" Max shouted. He glanced briefly at Fiona and then turned his gaze away. He was no longer going to play nice... after all, that’s what she wanted.

"Why would you leave? There is plenty of space right in this carriage. Come here." Vritra smiled as he took Fiona’s hand under the shocked gazes of the twin brothers and then pulled her in.

Fiona was taken off guard, and before she knew it, she was seated right in Vritra’s lap. A blush crept over her cheeks as she shifted briefly to find a more comfortable position.

She glanced at Max and was surprised that he didn’t seem the least bothered by it. After seeing her seated over his lap, he just turned his face away. Instead, the twin brothers seemed more shocked than him.

Heck, even the guard who was closing the door to their carriage seemed more shocked—even he knew that Max and Fiona seemed to be interested in each other.

’Heh, the nicer you are to her, the less interested she will be in you. Acting nice won’t do you any good. Just you wait and watch—I will be the one she will choose in the end.’

While staring outside the window, Max thought, but for some reason, he felt an indescribable ache in his chest, like the sight just now was piercing through his being.

Vritra’s hand slid across her body and then tightened around her waist, hugging her body intimately from behind.

Fiona’s heart was beating madly. She didn’t move away and just turned her head to look outside as if everything was perfectly normal. She even leaned back slightly as she sat comfortably on top of him—both of them feeling each other’s warmth.

Her cheeks were covered with a blush, and for some reason, she really enjoyed and loved his warm and tight embrace.

’He is such a bad bad boy... sigh, why is my heart fluttering like this? No one has ever managed to give me this kind of feeling. He doesn’t care about anything and does whatever he wants... oof, I think I might really be experiencing real love for the first time...’ Fiona thought, her thoughts were just full of him.

"..." Taro and Paro just stared in disbelief. Even they felt angry upon seeing Fiona over his lap.

"Max, what are you doing? Aren’t you going to do anything about that? F- Fiona is seated on his lap. Are you really okay with that?" Taro complained, and this time Paro remained silent—he was simply baffled.

"Keep quiet, I know what I am doing. Don’t tell me what to do," Max said with a frown. He glanced again at Fiona and looked away. Despite acting indifferent, his heart was bleeding. The girl he loves was being so intimate with another guy.

Taro was speechless and wondered: ’While I was away, did this bastard develop some NTR fetish or something?’

But since Max remained silent, the twins didn’t say anything. Soon the carriages started moving, but these vehicles that were being drawn forward with the help of horses were moving far from smoothly.

Often, the carriage would shake or even bounce slightly, and Fiona’s body copied these motions on top of Vritra. Her face became even redder.

As her soft and plump ass cheeks rubbed against his body, she could even feel something slightly hard press against her, which seemed to be getting inserted deep between her ass cheeks with each bounce.

She was barely holding back her moans, and the short twenty or so minutes ride made her body shiver with pleasure.

...

Finally arriving at a different side of the forest, the carriages stopped and all of them got off. Fiona was panting with a bright red face as she moved out of the carriage in haste. She even felt a trickle of fluid leaking out of her vagina.

Taro and Paro glared at Vritra as he acted indifferent and walked out of there, leaving the three frustrated boys who had to listen to Fiona’s barely audible sounds. They could perfectly imagine the whole scene.

Everyone gathered in front of the guards and waited for further information.

"Now you will be experiencing how you actually need to hunt the demons. There are several demons spread across this area. You will be moving alone or in groups of two or three and fight against the various kinds of demons.

We will always be keeping an eye on you, so you don’t have to worry about your safety. The one with the highest kills will get a gift from the king himself." the commander explained.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...