Chapter 282: Quintuplets

After a few hours, the carriages paused. A few of the guards walked out, Vritra lay in his carriage and observed the surroundings.

These new men had set up barricades to stop anyone from passing, then after taking their toll they opened the door and the carriages were allowed to pass.

’Well, that went better than I expected.’ Vritra thought.

He had thought these gangsters would be problematic to deal with, but they were quite systematic—maybe that’s how they were able to expand over such a large kingdom.

In a single day, they saw around five more barricades but no demons, so the ride was smooth without wasting any time.

Five more days passed just like that, the guards had brought enough money with them so the gangsters didn’t cause them any harm.

...

Finally, it was the sixth day when the carriages stopped at one of the barricades as usual. The guards went ahead to pay, but this time they weren’t allowed to just pass.

The guards gave money but the door didn’t open, so respectfully one of the guards asked: "Is there a problem? Do you need more money?"

"Do you think we are thugs or something?" the man from the Slave Beast harrumphed with a haughty expression.

’Isn’t that exactly what you are?’ all the guards thought. Just in the name of protection against demons, they had hoarded a lot of money, but thankfully not a single demon had appeared so far.

"Then why aren’t you opening the gates?" the guard asked, trying his best not to curse out this group of thugs.

"You might know, but the condition inside the White kingdom is quite critical right now. We can’t tell you the details right now, but one of our sergeants is here and he would like to check your carriages. Don’t worry, it is just for show."

The man said before walking away and taking his seat.

Soon, a man with a heavy body walked out of a wooden room. His mouth was full of something and he continued to chew on it; red liquid was leaking from the corners of his mouth which then dripped down to his clothes.

"Uh, I–It’s good to meet you, sir." The guards said as they looked at the messy man, who pulled up his pants and said in a strange tone:

"Oken uk."

"S–Sorry, sir?" the guard leaned forward to hear.

"Umm I saig oken uk CHEW CHEW." The sergeant repeated himself, pulling his pants up and shirt down. His belly was clearly visible, hanging down from his shirt.

"Sergeant is asking you to open all the carriages, he would like to check them." One of the other men said.

"O–Oh, that’s..." the guards looked at one another and hesitated.

"Ik gare a grog–ughh GULP Is there a problem? Fuck, you made me swallow that!!" the sergeant shouted and slapped one of the guards, just hard enough for him to stumble back.

"N–No sir, you can check them out." The guards knew they had no way to fight back against these gangsters, so they could only agree.

"Humph, you should have said so from the start..." the sergeant said as he pulled up his pants and walked towards the carriage while the guards started opening the doors of the carriages one by one.

The first few carriages were full of guards, cooks, and other servants. After looking at them for a moment and searching around, the sergeant continued to move forward.

Then he saw the carriage in which the five men were resting. Spitting the red fluid to the side, he asked: "Are these the ones participating in the tournament?"

"Y–Yes sir." One of the guards answered.

"..." Then he pointed to the next carriage with his chin. When the door opened, he saw a woman with a swollen face.

"Tch, does the Blue kingdom only have such ugly women? What even is that? A chimpanzee?" the sergeant spat and moved to the next carriage hastily.

"Open this, what are you waiting for?" he said when he saw the guards hesitating.

"Y–Yes sir, I will." Instead of opening the door directly, the guard knocked on the door and waited.

"You can enter." A heavy voice sounded from inside, the guard heaved a sigh of relief and opened the door.

The sergeant stepped into the most luxurious carriage and looked around, but when he saw the five people sitting on the chairs, he frowned and asked:

"Why do the five of you look exactly the same?"

In front of the sergeant were five men with exactly the same appearance, all five looked like Giga Chad.

"Of course, since we are identical quintuplets. What sort of dumbass question is that? Tsk tsk, the supply of idiotic assholes these days is truly endless." One of them said while touching his chin.

"..." The sergeant was just so baffled that he didn’t know what to say. With a frozen expression on his face, he got off the carriage.

After wiping the greasy liquid from his face, he questioned: "W–What’s up with the people inside?"

"Yeah, I can understand. They do look out of this world, I was quite surprised myself when I saw them for the first time as well." The guard said, all of them looked so good after all.

"W–Well, you can pass." The sergeant said, still seeming quite puzzled. Then he added: "There are no more barricades ahead from our group, so be careful of the demons. There are many dangerous ones lingering around."

"Yes, we will be careful." The guards cursed him internally as they got back into the carriages.

The gates were finally opened, the sergeant watched as the carriages soon disappeared into the distance.

"Identical quintuplets, how strange, I have never even seen a single person like that..." he mumbled.

...

"Hahaha, his reaction was so hilarious, he would be in a daze for a long while." Yasmine laughed out loud along with the other women.

Vritra had already called back the soul wraiths; it wouldn’t be good if other people noticed them.

The ride continued smoothly without any disturbance for a day more, before finally a pack of demons suddenly launched an attack on them.

Vritra was sleeping when the carriages paused and loud screeching sounds were heard from outside. He sensed lots of presences from the outside who had surrounded them.

"Damnit, why is this trip turning out so difficult?" Vritra cursed. Without wasting a second, he flew out of the carriage and before the guards could even react, he slaughtered all the demons.

Then he returned back to his carriage after letting his soul wraiths swallow their souls.

Vritra decided to continue with his sleep as the ride once again started forward. The guards were overjoyed and thankful towards Vritra, they knew it was him taking care of all sorts of dangers.

Just twenty or so minutes had passed when suddenly—

THUD THUD

The carriages stopped abruptly, and Vritra almost fell down from the bed because the pause was just too sudden. His sleep was once again interrupted, filling him up with so much anger.

Vritra jumped off the bed, and while cursing out loud, he kicked the door open and moved out:

"You persistent bugs, why can’t you just let me sleep for a while—" but Vritra had just taken one step outside when he suddenly froze.

He rushed back at a speed faster than ever while wondering: ’D–Damnit, why is she here?!!’

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...