Chapter 506: Reunited

"Master!!" Maeve’s mind and senses tingled, it really was him.

The two ladies stared at him wide-eyed, thinking if they were stuck in some illusion but he seemed as real as the word go.

"Now who are you?" the pack leader glared at him, ready to transform.

"Sure, but you will have to pay with your life to get that answer." Vritra’s lips curled up.

With just a thought, the leader’s limbs began to turn into dust, the slow transformation feeling extremely painful.

HOOOWWWWLLLLLLL

He let out a terrified and pain filled scream, his body sinking low.

Vritra glanced towards Shitless and decided to send him back, since his work was complete now.

"Thank you Shitless."

"Muahaha Anytime, pitiful one." Returning to his original form, Shitless let out an evil laugh, this wasn’t as bad as he had expected.

Then he disappeared.

"Wait here for a moment, I will be back." Vritra spoke, looking at the dazed women, before disappearing along with the pack leader.

Holding his throat, Vritra appeared outside, where the panicked werewolves were about to rush down into the passage.

"Stop, if any of you want to leave then do so in the next three seconds, if I find anyone in the graveyard after 3 seconds, then you will be dead."

The werewolves looked at each other and then Vritra, unable to make a choice.

But a slight flash of killing intent was enough to make most of the werewolves run for their lives.

"Three, Two, One and time over." Vritra looked over the few werewolves who were yet to leave.

Then along with the leader, he threw the bunch out of the planet, as they died in space.

"Good riddance, what a bunch of weirdos." Yasmine spoke, shaking her head.

Finally it was time to meet his wives.

They walked out of the underground space in a hurry and arrived beside him within moments.

Both stared at his face, he certainly looked a lot different, but it was definitely him.

"M- Master, is it really you?" Maeve’s tail was moving left and right in a hurry in her nervousness, she looked as charming as always.

"Yes, foxie, it is me." Vritra smiled, enjoying their reactions.

"..." Diana was still staring at him in shock, she even pinched Maeve’s arm to check if it was a dream.

But judging from her gasp, it certainly was not.

Finally, coming to their senses, Maeve was the first to throw herself into his arms, as she too started crying.

She complained about freezing her and throwing her away at that time.

The goddess too couldn’t handle her emotions, as the two women wrapped by each of his arms, stayed in his embrace.

Vritra consoled them for dozens of minutes; both were overjoyed at reuniting with their husband.

A while later, the three headed back to the capital, both women were clinging to his arms as they flew.

...

Vanessa, Fiona, Onest and Shitless were seated in a large hall, waiting for Vritra and the two women.

Some time after Shitless returned, the three walked into the hall.

Vritra sat over a chair and all his women were seating as close to him as possible.

He once again went over all the events, telling them the main events.

"I can’t believe you came back from the dead, and far more stronger than before." Onest muttered, his strength had grown quite a lot too in the last two years, but he was still not at the lord rank.

"Fiona, that undying mythic halo, you are able to handle it right?" Vritra asked, since the mythic halos had their consciousness so they can’t be completely trusted unless a bond had formed between the two.

Especially after seeing the 1st ranked the creation mythic halo kill the Divine, when they had been so close before.

"Yes darling, we did form a bond, this mythic halo is rather peaceful unlike its destructive nature." Fiona answered.

"That’s good."

"Honey, what are your plans going forward?" Vanessa asked, resting her head over his shoulder, seated over his armrest.

"First of all, I am going to the dragon realm, and also search for Yennefer." Vritra said, finding her was far more important than his revenge.

Though he will make every single one of them pay.

"Hmm I guess we can now stay low for a while, recently we have been angering golden moon and many other organizations a bit too much." Diana said, holding his hand tightly.

Fiona was sitting over his lap, and the others knew she needed this healing the most.

"Yeah, let them enjoy their tragically short life, let them believe that they have scared us. We will strike when they least expect it, whether it be the golden moon or the twilight, none of it deserve to exist." Vritra muttered, cold and terrifying look on his face.

"Anyway, why don’t we continue our talking over some food? It’s been so long since we ate together." Vritra suggested.

"Yes, let’s do that." Diana had a big warm smile over her face as she ordered the maids to prepare everything for them.

And soon, the whole group sat around a table, eating together.

...

Shitless and Onest left soon after, giving them privacy, the two were no longer afraid of anything.

Vritra really loved spending time surrounded by his women but he had to leave again.

Yasmine had waited long enough and now it was finally time, she was going to get her body back.

Who could even stop them anymore, unless the gods decide to directly kill him.

"Don’t be sad, you all, I will be back really soon. I will even bring you to the dragon realm after I have dealt with the problems." Vritra said, looking over the pitiful expressions of his women.

They had grown so much stronger already but he was happy to see that they were still the same.

Of course, not all, Fiona did change but her love for him had only increased.

Vritra gave goodbye kisses to them all one by one, each woman savouring his taste.

As Fiona’s lips separated from Vritra’s, he took a step back and patted her head.

"I will open a portal for you all soon, so we can have a tour of the dragon kingdom together." Vritra said, he took another step back and his body broke into countless glittering particles.

Just like that he was gone.

***

The dragon kingdom was a separate realm, most races or organizations wouldn’t dare to attack this realm because of the terrifying strength of dragons.

The previous two leaders were really terrifying, Yasmine and her father, both were powerful and great leaders.

Under them, the dragon kingdom only flourished, they killed countless demons.

But the new leader, Dago, was also feared initially because of Yasmine’s reputation but after the deadly war over two years ago.

He became a joke.

Others were beaten by Vritra as well but none was as miserable as him, he literally turned Dago into a shield.

Swinging him around.

The dragon emperor still had nightmares of that day, he hated Vritra to the core and wished he could kill him all over again.

Dago had become famous after a video of him getting beat up spread all over the place.

He was a complete joke and fool now.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...