Chapter 389: Broken

"N- No, I would never..." Yennefer felt each of his words, slashing at her heart like a knife.

She didn’t like the cold look in his eyes; the warmth and love seemed to have disappeared.

"I can’t be with a woman, so... so indecisive, crazy and uncaring." Vritra narrowed his gaze, facing Yennefer yet looking at nothing, as if making a hard decision.

"No, I tried searching for you, I wanted to explain it all to you first-"

Yennefer felt that the situation was just becoming worse the more she tried to handle it, like she was losing him; even speaking was becoming difficult.

"And had you told me about all this, do you think I would ever agree to you playing wife for someone else? It seems I was mistaken about you, we were never meant to be together."

Vritra said; despite his attempt to appear neutral, his emotions kept exploding out.

The empress felt frustrated and didn’t know what to say; every word only seemed to destroy their relation further, but none of this was real and just an act.

With a burst of frustration, she spoke without thinking:

"S- So what, don’t you have three women already in your life? Will you leave them for me? No, right, then how can I give up on my one goal."

But even as she spoke, she instantly regretted saying that.

"Yes, you are right, I would never leave them. Anyway, I hope you achieve your goal and kill every single demon in existence but when you reach the end, I would no longer be standing with you." Vritra spoke, his voice heavy.

The next time they would meet, everything would be completely different.

Turning around, he said a few last words: "Goodbye Yennefer, may you be happy with your choice."

"N- No wait, I didn’t mean to-"

Just then, two figures flashed above the palace, hundreds of men following behind.

"Yennefer, what are you doing there? Come, we can’t let this rat escape again." Darius was trying to catch Raelion; many strong warriors followed him.

For a moment, Yennefer glanced to that side but when she looked back, Vritra’s figure had disappeared and no matter how much she tried to sense his presence she couldn’t find him anywhere.

Yennefer’s heart felt as if being squeezed; her body shivered as the reality of what just happened began to sink.

She swallowed her saliva with difficulty, feeling as if a lump was stuck in her throat; her eyes suddenly burning up.

Warm streaks of tears rolled down her cheeks; in the hundreds of years of life, she hadn’t cried once after that one incident.

Yet now, her eyes seemed to pour out hundreds of years’ worth of tears at once.

She looked around frantically, but he wasn’t there, only his words lingered. It was already too late...

Yennefer ran around, screamed his name, looking almost like a mad woman but nothing worked.

Only as the pain of their separation seeped in did she finally start to understand how big of a mistake she had made.

The only person who was ready to sacrifice himself for her, loved her so much, had left her.

Her blank life had become so colourful after he became a part of her; the scenes from their first meeting to this moment kept flashing in front of her.

On the ground, near the place Vritra had disappeared, Yennefer saw a handkerchief.

The same one that she had thrown at Vritra’s face inside the Scarlet couple inheritance to keep him from looking at her; he had kept it for all this time.

But now this truly was the end.

Everything felt so meaningless; taking revenge for those she had lost was important but at what cost? She pushed the only person in her life away too.

Yennefer kept searching for him, crying and feeling the sinking pain.

***

On the other side, Vritra teleported in a random direction; he too was feeling very bad.

He loved Yennefer a lot, forgetting her was something that even the passage of time might not accomplish.

Vritra stood in the air, surrounded by nothing but forest; as if responding to his emotions, the night sky was filled with heavy black clouds.

Lightning thundered in the sky, and soon rain began to pour down, drenching Vritra completely.

Yasmine’s figure materialised in front of Vritra and without saying a word, she pulled him into a tight embrace.

His face buried deeply into the gentle curve of her chest, as she tenderly caressed his head, her fingers weaving softly through his hair.

There was just the sound of thunder and rain; Vritra wrapped his arms around Yasmine, her presence bringing him comfort.

After staying silent for a while, Vritra pulled back and with a faint smile that didn’t look like one, he muttered: "Thank you, wifey, please don’t ever leave me."

"Hubby, even in death, I will be with you forever." Yasmine said softly, wishing to cut off all memories of Yennefer.

They stayed in the open for a while longer, then Vritra took her hand and began to fly back towards the capital; the cool wind felt quite nice.

Yasmine remained in her human form until she had reached her limits, then she disappeared and returned to Vritra’s body.

’I need to finish my business with Maeve and then return to the city of charms.’ Vritra thought as he arrived back into Ghazi city.

In the distance, everything was in chaos. Not only did a big fight break out between the emperor and Raelion but a certain gift exploded inside the palace.

It was packed with an extreme amount of destructive demonic energy; the moment it exploded, the whole place turned into a mess.

Doing that didn’t make Vritra feel better but it wasn’t bad to destroy the entire palace and cause that much destruction.

The guards were busy protecting all the guests; it was a complete and utter mess, even the emperor was baffled by the sight.

After getting severely injured, Raelion once again managed to escape and the empress seemed to have disappeared somewhere.

Darius tried looking for her, but she was nowhere around.

Devoid of any thoughts yet full of emotions, Vritra arrived at the hotel. Thankfully Maeve hadn’t been discovered yet, but with her strength back to peak, it wouldn’t be easy to catch her.

As he appeared inside the room, he found the fox demon lying over the bed, looking as if she still couldn’t move her body.

"Ben! I was waiting for you- I mean, we had a deal, right, and I can’t leave without fulfilling it." Maeve said righteously but she knew after the pact is broken, they would be going their separate ways.

"Yeah, let’s just get it over with." Vritra said plainly, as he stopped in front of the bed.

"Uh... W- What’s the hurry? Wait until I am healed, what if you brought me the wrong poison? Yeah, you have to wait a little longer to get rid of me."

Maeve said, hurriedly making up excuses.

Vritra rolled his eyes but right now he was in no mood to argue; it was already getting late, and he just wanted to lie down.

With a thought, his clothes were shredded to dust while a new set of clothes appeared over his body.

Then he climbed onto the bed and lay beside Maeve; the demoness rolled around until she was close enough to feel his warmth, while acting casual.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...