Chapter 721 The Light Man

The big eye suddenly focused on Vritra, as the mutant whale let out a deafening roar.

Its size was seriously so big that an entire city seemed to be under it.

Vritra just rolled his eyes as he pointed his hand forward, this thing was too noisy.

"Blood Explosion" he mumbled.

Then a powerful wave of blood surged forward and drilled a massive hole into the whale's body as it screamed and began to roll over.

But suddenly...

BOOOOOOM

The insides exploded with so much force that the enormous body of the whale broke into countless tiny pieces, red blood and flesh started to rain down.

And it was gone, just like that.

'Holy fucking shit!! What the hell is this?!' back in the flying ship, Asmodeus's soul almost left his body.

He looked around and none even had a surprised expression, what sort of monsters was he surrounded by?

And he wanted to put up a fight against them?

Asmodeus slapped himself hard, cursing his past self for arrogantly following after his ship.

'It's all because of that tracker bastard, if I see him again I'll feed him to fishes!' Asmodeus thought, his face turning white in fear.

Vritra calmly returned into the ship, there was not a single drop of blood on his body.

"Let's continue." He spoke, so far the clones have not found anything useful.

The tower was still pretty far away, but they have already travelled such a long distance.

Teresa nodded and the flying ship started to move again.

"Key" Vritra called out.

"Y- Yes sir?" Asmodeus asked instantly, now he was far more tame than before.

"Do you have any way to locate the other players? Or do you know anything about that tower?" Vritra asked.

"N- No sir, I don't have any way to find them but I know a little about the tower…" he added quickly.

"That tower is supposed to be our final trial, after clearing it we will have cleared this game or by surviving long enough."

Vritra nodded, though he didn't get any new info.

To lighten his mood he chatted with his wives, the scene of deaths of all those humans was bothering him.

He had seen plenty of death but it never gets easy, especially thinking that even little kids were killed there brutally.

The ship flew at such incredible speed, most mutants couldn't even react to it but of course there were few flying mutants who were nearly as fast.

They tried to get close but were killed instantly by a single spiritual burst from Vritra or Yasmine.

And so after a few dozen minutes, they had crossed several cities and had gotten closer to the tower.

Right as they entered another city, a message popped before Vritra.

[You have encountered 4 players!]

"Four at once? Well we are indeed pretty close to the tower, I guess they are just hunting here."

The ground was still full of flood water but as they were getting closer to the tower, the quantity was decreasing.

And now there was barely any.

"Tess, we will be stopping here for a while and continue after a short rest." Vritra spoke.

Teresa slowly stopped the ship, then it landed in an open area.

Before walking out, Vritra filled the tanks of the flying ship with diesel again.

Then they walked out and stored the flying ship away.

The place was in complete ruins, barely any buildings were still intact.

But the city was pretty big and it wouldn't be easy to find those players.

'Maybe Asmodeus was counted in it too? Aside from Sonic and Magna, I have no knowledge about the rest of the four players.' Vritra thought as he lightly stretched his body.

But with Asmodeus around, he didn't have to worry.

"Key, create a device which could release extremely loud sound to attract all the mutants and humans." Vritra ordered.

"Uhm… Okay I will try." Asmodeus pondered and then nodded.

Instantly he got to work, wondering what sort of sound Vritra was going to use to attract them all.

Energy rushed out of his body and soon started to materialize, it became a big machine.

After around ten or so minutes…

"Sir, this thing should be loud enough to transmit your voice to nearly the entire city." Asmodeus said meekly.

"Sir Shitless, can you come here and ask for some help while mentioning a treasure?" Vritra asked.

'Huh? This Baldy? Pfft as if anyone would come when he is the one calling-' the meek guy laughed internally.

"Yes pitiful one." Shitless nodded, he stood before what looked like a mic.

His body started to transform and soon he had become a beautiful girl.

'W- What the fuck?!' Asmodeus stared in bafflement.

"Kiyaaa Please someone save me Ahhh These brute beasts want to HUFF steal my treasure Hnnn whoever can save me, can own me and the treasure ughhh hurry up to the south boundary."

Shitless spoke in a sexy tone, appearing helpless.

Hearing the loud noise, a lot of mutants began to rush towards them.

And not so surprisingly, even the normal mutants were very powerful here.

These guys were progressing way faster, maybe it was because of the tower.

Vritra killed them and threw their bodies away, they sat down to one side as Maeve's shadows covered them.

Only Shitless in woman form and Asmodeus were standing there now.

Soon a group of humans came to rescue the damsel but there was no player.

'Magna is such a womanizer, but he is also very cunning. I wonder if he would fall for it.' Vritra wondered.

Soon more mutants and humans started to appear, if any of the humans tried to attack they were killed instantly.

Otherwise they were just scared away.

And it wasn't long before a man whose body was glowing brightly like a sun approached and Vritra saw the status.

[You have come in contact with a player!]

[Eliminate him to steal his ascension path and opportunities!]

[Player: Addi]

[Ability: Light]

[Ascension Path: Light Man]

"Light?" Vritra stared at the player who was moving very fast, his ability greatly enhanced his speed.

And he was already close to the 5th Evolution.

"Let her go basta- huh? Asmodeus? What are you doing here? Didn't you hear our warning to not appear anywhere near the tower?"

The human torch chuckled upon seeing Asmodeus.

It seems this lord Asmodeus had quite the low status among the players, and was weak.

"Hmph you dog, do you think I am afraid of you? I am here to put that building up your ass!!" Asmodeus shouted, having someone as powerful as Vritra around gave him confidence.

"Oh, looks like you have grown a tongue now. Do you want to die?" Addi's expression darkened, the heat around him increasing.

"As if you can do anything, bastard if you dare try touching me!" Asmodeus said proudly, while waiting for Vritra to make his move.

"Hah look at this bitch, looks like you grew some balls now huh well time to burst your balls then." After speaking, Addi suddenly shot forward.

"H- Help!!" Asmodeus was afraid now, wondering why Vritra had not yet come.

An armour appeared around his body but as the glowing hand of Addi approached, it broke in an instant.

But right as the punch was about to collide, the glowing hand was stopped by a slender arm which then turned metallic.

"No one hurts my slave!!" Shitless announced.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...