Chapter 20: Go! Halt!

"Vritra, STOP!! Calm down first." Yasmine's voice suddenly sounded in his mind with urgency—she could clearly sense his emotions.

"I know you are angry, but losing your temper isn't good at this time. I understand with your strength you could create a disaster in this castle, but what about your mother? Even if strong people came to stop you, I would be able to help you escape, but your mother would be in danger then.

Believe me, I know how hard it is to hold everything in, but revenge would be best if you don't get yourself hurt in the process. I am with you, and I will do my best to get your revenge."

Vritra clenched his fists until the sound of bones cracking could be heard. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He knew Yasmine was right, and anger wouldn't solve anything.

The emotions he was feeling at this moment were too hard to control. With heavy steps, he walked towards the window and pushed it open, letting the fresh air hit his face. He clenched the window sill.

CRACK CRACK

But even without using half his strength, the window sill broke, and cracks appeared over the entire window and stretched to the wall. Vritra loosened his grip and slowly opened his eyes.

But just as he opened his eyes, he saw something that increased his rage exponentially.

He almost couldn't hold back and jump out; on the road in front of his window, two boys were chatting among themselves and laughing as they walked, not caring about their surroundings.

One was Jace and the other was Tyler. Both of them were the underlings of Max and were in the same group as Vritra inside the labyrinth. The sight of them made him mad with endless rage.

Jace was thin and tall, while Tyler was shorter and looked like a balloon.

Their pair was quite comical to look at and was often made fun of by everyone until they joined Max's bully group and began to bully others along with him.

At this time, it seemed they were returning from some kind of training...

"Sigh, I am really hungry right now. Didn't they say we won't feel that much hunger if our level increases? I am already at a high level 7, why do I still feel the hunger?"

Tyler spoke, rubbing his round belly. With each step, his body jiggled; he was so fat not even his neck could be seen.

"Forget hunger, our instructor looked really hot today. Did you notice she kept glancing at me and how worried she looked when I charged alone at a Goblin? Haha, I might propose to her soon—" Jace said while laughing loudly, thinking about his one hundred ninety-sixth crush.

"Yeah, she was looking at you because you're a weakass, and your ability is now the most useless since some people died in the labyrinth," Tyler spoke. At least he wasn't the last.

"Oh right, did you hear that rumour? All the people were talking that someone had returned from the labyrinth. Do you believe it?" Jace questioned, while fiddling with a small knife, feeling a bit nervous since they also had a small role in that incident.

"I don't know, maybe—"

While the two were busy chatting joyfully, Vritra's rage was increasing to levels even higher than before. His pupils were flickering with a dangerous blood-red colour.

A terrifying killing intent shot out of his body that even Yasmine failed to stop in time. The air around Vritra instantly turned into bloody mist, but this time the killing intent didn't spread; instead, all of it was focused on the fat and thin teenagers.

BOOM

As if a bomb had exploded, a loud sound rang out. Jace and Tyler were suddenly crushed onto the ground as if more than a hundred-kilo weight was pressing down on them. Even the road surrounding them cracked and thrust inward.

"!!!" Vritra was surprised by the scene, and because of the distraction, his killing intent disappeared. As the scene of two bloodied figures came into view, both of them were crushed in strange postures.

Jace's body had bent such that his head was pressed against the ground between his knees, while Tyler really looked like a ball right now. Under the pressure, even their clothes were ripped until they were barely covering their bodies.

But that wasn't the worst of it. Several of their bones had cracked, and their skin was even ripped in many places as large amounts of blood began to flow out of their bodies.

As the pressure disappeared and the pain sank in, two beast-like wails sounded immediately. Just from their voices, it was evident how much pain they were feeling—their entire bodies were filled with injuries.

'Oh? Was that really me? What was that?' Vritra wondered. He hadn't even attacked them, but with just his gaze alone, they both were reduced to that state.

"Yes, that was indeed you." Yasmine said helplessly. Even for his level, the killing intent he exuded was a little overbearing. A skill might be helping him, but that still couldn't explain that suffocating killing intent, even after she was holding it back.

If she wasn't holding it back, they would have already turned into toothpaste.

Of course, it was going to be suffocating. After all, Vritra was unknowingly carrying the energy of the demon god and the 2nd-ranked Mythic Halo, the Devil-Veyll.

'What kind of demon have I found? It's hard to believe that he was just a level 1 mere five months ago, and now he has already grown so much. If he continues like this, then it won't be long before he becomes a terrifying existence. I have to help him as much as possible during the journey of his growth.' Yasmine made a resolve in her heart.

Vritra stared at the two battered and bruised teenagers, then...

"Killing intent, go!"

BOOM

"Halt!"

"Killing intent, go!"

BOOM

"Killing intent, go!"

BOOM

"Halt!"

...

"Hmm, not bad."

After releasing his killing intent a few times, he finally felt a bit better. Even though he wanted to keep going, both Jace and Tyler were on their last breaths at this moment. Their skin was torn, most of their bones shattered, and even their internal organs were messed up.

Of course the two boys had already fallen unconscious, their breathing had almost stopped; under the pressure these two low level humans were thoroughly crushed.

Had Yasmine not held back most of the killing intent, the commotion would have been even bigger.

The sound of the explosions had attracted many people. The guards were hurriedly rushing in their direction, and after seeing their condition, all of them gasped.

"I-Is it an enemy attack? Hurry, get them to the temple first!!" one of the guards shouted, afraid that just a touch might send the two boys to the afterlife.

"I will search this area and check who attacked them. Report it to the commander; this is very serious."

"Oh God, are t- they dead? Ugh both of them peed in their pants a- and what is that disgusting thing leaking from behind the fat one, uwaa is that shit? Did he eat the families of fish earlier?"

"Stupid, stop talking nonsense and get working if someone hear you saying such thing about them then your lazy ass will be grilled along with those fishes."

"Also, their breathing is so weak, since you cursed them earlier go ahead and give them both cpr, j- just ignore that liquid and blood coming out of their mouths."

Vritra stopped paying them attention as he heard a slight rustling sound from behind. He turned and saw that Vanessa was waking up. She groaned, and her eyelids fluttered open, but her eyes held no emotions as she stared blankly at the ceiling.

"Mom..."

Vanessa's body trembled when she heard this familiar voice, but instantly her eyes were filled with tears. Ever since he disappeared, she had been hearing his voice. He kept appearing before her eyes, but none of it was real.

She had lost him forever.

Vanessa wanted to end her life, but the cruel people here wouldn't even give her freedom to do that—especially that goddess, who seemed to have some kind of hidden motive. And it wasn't hard for Vanessa to guess what she had planned based on the abilities that she had received.

But just as she was despairing, a shadow fell over her face. Believing that it was the maid, she listlessly raised her gaze—but her eyes widened as she saw the person standing in front of her.

"V-Vritra...?" she called out in a barely audible voice, wondering if she was still in a dream.

"Yes, Mom, it is me." He sat down beside her and gently touched her cheek. His eyes were filled with various emotions as he gazed down at her.

Feeling the warmth of his palm, Vanessa finally came back to her senses. For a few seconds, she could do nothing but stare at her son. Just as reality sank in, she moved forward and embraced him tightly, tears flowing down her cheek uncontrollably.

__________

Thanks for reading...