Chapter 621 The Game Begin!!

The day had finally come!!

It was time to leave the Zoratian planet and enter the third game the planet Argento was present in.

Vritra and his wives didn't have too much time after their marriage, the more they delayed, the higher the difficulty would be.

All of them got dressed and ate until they could no more, then Vritra led his wives into the hall.

The seven women stood before him, and soon Shitless and Onest, the two cannon fodders, arrived.

"Alright, are you all ready to leave?" Vritra asked, gazing at their faces. All his wives nodded with determined expressions.

"U- Uhm pitiful one, do we still have a choi-" the monk raised his hand and asked.

"No, anyway, there are a few things that we need to know before going there." After speaking, Vritra asked Divine to start speaking and share his thoughts with the others.

"The planet you will be heading into is very similar to your Earth. Well, in a way, Earth too is a future game location anyway.

Your strength and abilities will be locked there, unless there is absolutely no other choice, do not reveal your strength. Otherwise, not only will you be thrown back here and lose, but you will even receive penalties in the future." Divine spoke in a serious tone.

Then he added: "Also try not to die. If any of you die, then there is no chance of bringing that person back.

Their soul will immediately be consumed by the game itself."

"As I mentioned before, you have to kill the participants from Argento Planet and reach the tower. Anyway, be careful there, don't trust anyone, be as brutal as possible.

The mutant monsters might not be the only danger there." Divine warned.

"Is that all?" Vritra asked, taking the game very seriously.

"Yeah, for now. I will explain things further once you are there." Divine said.

All of them understood that after the game starts, their strength would be reset to ordinary.

The group discussed a few things among themselves, even Divine couldn't share every little detail now.

"Alright, we are ready!" Vritra said. They couldn't even bring the items in their inventory or carry anything.

"Soon you will be sent into the game. Try your best to survive, it will be very difficult, but your growth will still be fast."

Just as Divine finished speaking, the area around the ten of them began to shake, the world became blurry.

Their bodies started to glow and break apart into tiny particles as they slowly disappeared from the Zoratian planet.

Inside an apartment, the place seemed ransacked, with broken glass and items thrown all over the place.

It seemed to have been ransacked not too long ago, and ten corpses lay on the ground, a pool of blood forming in the hall.

The blood was still warm.

Suddenly, the bodies started to glow and within moments they disintegrated along with the blood.

And ten figures replaced them, the group looking around in confusion.

Right after arriving, Vritra quickly noticed the changes in his body.

Their appearances had not changed, but their strength and abilities had completely disappeared.

'I feel so weak, I have really become a completely normal human.' Vritra shook his head, this made him feel more anxious.

"This place… it has been turned upside down, looks like someone looted it." Yasmine observed the surroundings, sharing her thoughts.

"Onest, lock the door first. We need to understand the situation here first. Since it's already looted, I doubt those people will come here again." Vritra said.

"Haa this place sure is cold." Fiona rubbed her palms together, shivering slightly.

"Hmm it's still snowing outside." Diana looked towards the window and noticed the thick layer of snow covering everything.

If he didn't know better, he would have really believed he was back on Earth.

There were electronics such as a TV, refrigerator, and more, everything seemed so familiar.

Vritra noticed they were somewhere around the twelfth floor.

He checked his inventory and there was nothing, then he spoke: "Let's first search this place to find any weapo-"

While speaking, his gaze shifted towards the window on his side and goosebumps rose all over his body, his heart almost stopping for a moment.

Hurriedly, he pulled Yasmine and Maeve, who were standing beside him, behind the wall and gestured for everyone to stay silent.

The others quieted down and stuck close to the wall, they also faintly sensed something just now.

They were at the twelfth floor, and just now, right outside, he saw an eye as big as himself, looking into the apartment.

A terrifying bloodlust permeated from that grotesque eye, all ten of them could be killed instantly.

THUMP THUMP

The sound of the large monster walking away echoed.

He waited for a bit longer then peeked out, the twisted and broken mutated creature had really gone away.

The outside was filled with snow.

"Hoo what the hell was that? Things have already mutated to this extent here?" Vritra wiped the sweat from his forehead.

Maybe because he was just an ordinary person now, his reactions too had changed greatly.

Previously, he wouldn't have been so afraid, but now, seeing that terrifying mutant almost made him freeze.

"Haa anyway, let's check this place for any sort of weapons we can find and clothes too, we will have to soon move out of this building."

Vritra said as they all got busy searching around silently.

And after a few minutes, they gathered back in the hall.

"I found this steel pipe, it's broken on one side and looks quite sharp." Onest said, swinging the meter-long pipe around.

The feeling of powerlessness made them all feel uncomfortable.

"I found a broken knife."

All of them had found something, but of course these weapons wouldn't be of much help.

"These will work for now. Oh wait, how do we actually grow strong here?" Vritra asked, he had forgotten such an important question.

He was holding a metal baseball bat.

"By killing the mutant creatures. As you kill some, you will awaken different abilities. Your mutant progress will continue to increase." Divine answered instantly.

Vritra felt a bit better that Divine had not disappeared again, and the leveling didn't seem different from before.

"Alright, it's time to head outside and check it out. We also need to find food and warm clothes, this place is really cold." Even he felt the cold creep into his bones.

Vritra walked up to the door and opened it as quietly as possible.

Then he peeked across the hallway, his first plan was to search other apartments.

In his corridor, there were exactly four houses, two on each side.

And two of them had their doors open as well, probably already looted, just like the one they were present in.

The hallway had bloody footsteps printed, going in and out of three of the apartments.

Only the fourth apartment didn't have footsteps of anyone leaving.

But then his gaze focused on a figure at the end of the hallway.

A height over eight feet and grotesquely growing muscles, even upon seeing it from behind, Vritra knew it was a mutant zombie.

It just stood there, facing the wall, its body covered in wounds and blood.

"Damn, just our luck. It seems pretty strong." Vritra thought and then remembered the status.

Closing the door shut, he called out in his head.

'Status?'

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios