Chapter 208: Small Forest

"Anyway, is it true your father takes any beautiful woman for himself?" Sonia asked, acting fearful.

"Don’t you worry, he would not go anywhere near you while I am here. I will protect you with my life," the crown prince spoke. He really felt like sacrificing everything for this beautiful woman.

"Prince, where can I find strong demons around here for leveling up? You know I just entered the Legion rank, so I want to test my power and try killing some powerful demons," Vritra asked, breaking his sweet moment.

Feeling a bit irritated, the crown prince still decided to answer since he couldn’t anger his future brother-in-law. Clearing his throat, he smiled and spoke.

"If you wish to kill demons of that level then hmm... going to the Small Forest is the best choice. There are several dens of demons, and the number there has been increasing recently. It would also be a great service to the kingdom if you can kill a few."

"Small Forest? What is the level range of demons there?" Vritra asked after a slight pause.

"That is one of the most dangerous areas in the Blue Kingdom. The demons there range from over level 300 to even reaching close to the peak of 1st Legion rank. It would be better if you don’t go too deep in that forest. And will Sonia be going there as well?" the crown prince asked, glancing at the woman beside him.

"No, she will be resting here. I and all three of my women will be going out for some training," Vritra said, since Monk Shitless needed to spend more time with the prince and make the father-son duo hate one another.

"Oh, that’s wonderful. Cough, I will ask some guards to bring you there and keep you safe, if that’s fine with you," Henry Jr. added.

"No, I don’t need guards or anything. Just give me one map and a carriage that could bring us there, that’s all," Vritra replied, and the crown prince nodded.

They chatted for a little longer before finally bidding goodbye to the crown prince, who was too reluctant to part ways with Sonia, and returned to their rooms.

...

While lying on his bed, Vritra stared at the ceiling of his temporary new house. Vanessa was taking a bath currently.

"Wifey, the three wraiths that are fighting in the labyrinth are taking too long. Isn’t there a faster way for them to level up?

Even with constant fighting, their growth is slower than mine, and that much experience points are no longer of any help to me," he spoke. The room was covered in several layers of barriers so no one could spy on them.

Though the king had started to spy on Sonia to confirm his doubts that she was a succubus.

"Hmm, there indeed is a way for faster growth, but it is dangerous even for soul wraiths. They might actually die if something goes wrong. Instead of killing those demons, if they start absorbing the remaining energy of the soul of Demon Lord, Voromir Zuke," Yasmine said after thinking.

"If they absorb whatever energy of the demon lord is left in the labyrinth, how much do you think their level will increase?" Vritra asked. He needed to calculate the losses and profits.

"That place has existed for a long time, but there is still quite a bit of energy left, so the three of them should at least reach the peak of 2nd Legion rank, if not higher," she answered.

"Alright, how do we do it?" Vritra asked. Just like always, instead of taking a short and safe but long approach, he would rather choose a dangerous but shorter approach.

"I can still control the labyrinth to some extent and open the path that leads to the broken core of the demon lord. If you can order those wraiths from here, then it would be great," she replied.

"Yeah, I can to some extent. What are the chances of them exploding?" he asked. If the risk was too high, he would rather avoid it.

"It would still take a few days, and the chances of success are a little less than 30%. Even the remaining energy is quite strong after all," Yasmine said.

"Hoo... Fine, let’s do it. You open the passage, while I will guide the three of them to start absorbing as much energy as they could," Vritra said as he sat up and began to concentrate.

With the increase in his level and intelligence stat, it was a little easier to control them even from such a long distance. Both of them began to work immediately, putting the idea to test.

In the Dunshire Kingdom, inside the labyrinth and at the lowest floor, Hellmancer, the chimera, and the dark knight were all fighting against all sorts of demons constantly, day and night, without even a little pause.

It had been so many days since they started. All three of them had already levelled up to the Legion rank, though the speed of their levelling decreased slightly since all demons were too low-leveled for them.

Suddenly, they all paused and stood silently, even as the demons hit their bodies. They had received Vritra’s command, and soon the demons paused and retracted before completely disappearing.

It wasn’t long before a door opened on the side wall some distance away. The three entered and began to walk closer to the heart of the labyrinth. The demonic aura in the area was very thick.

Finally, after following a spiralling path, they arrived in front of a spherical broken stone that was floating and constantly releasing energy, creating demons of various levels.

The three soul wraiths sat around the broken core that still had the lingering presence of the demon king—some of his mana and soul energy. The three demon generals were so close to resurrecting their lord.

Finally, Hellmancer, Chimera, and Dark Knight started absorbing the strong demonic energy—its concentration exponentially higher than everything they had absorbed before.

Their strength had started to increase rapidly once again, though the process was really dangerous, so they were being really careful not to end up getting exploded.

...

"Haa... and it’s done. Now we will have to wait for them to get ready. Anyway, after this, Bob and Bobby will be the weakest soul wraiths in my inventory. I guess I’ll have to level them up too, and for that, I need to hunt strong prey," Vritra thought. He wondered if he should target some big organization or something.

Soon Vanessa walked out of the bathroom as the fresh scent from her body filled the room. She looked more gorgeous with each passing day. There was a towel wrapped around her body, revealing her cleavage and milky thighs.

Vritra stood up as he pulled the towel and pushed his mother onto the bed, before speaking:

"Mom, you know we need to get strong faster, that’s why we need to train a lot... a whole lot."

Then he climbed onto the bed and threw his own clothes away, hugging her cold body and feeling her moist skin against his own, Vritra wasted no time as he took one of her soft nipple into his mouth and started sucking.

His hand slid down between her leg while Vanessa got a hold of his manhood that was ready for the long training session.

"Hnnngggg~" a sultry moan came out of her mouth as Vritra bit her nipple.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...