Chapter 133: Pregnant?

Max was shocked by her sudden shout, his face twisted in pain and he finally understood what his friends—Jace and Tyler—had said was definitely true.

[Natural Hypnosis Activated.]

After staying silent for some time, Max spoke again:

"Alright, let’s talk tomorrow. Sorry for disturbing you." But no reply came from inside; he felt that something was wrong, but he couldn’t understand exactly what it was.

After lingering there for a moment longer, he went back to the training area in a really bad mood, thinking about the love of his life. He was going to be the real red flag now and would not be nice to her at all.

Both of them were so engrossed in the kiss that they didn’t even notice when Max spoke and just enjoyed their passionate moment.

After so much stimulation, Fiona was feeling an even stronger itch in her nether region; she could feel herself getting wet down there again.

She did her best to ignore it, but her waist grinded against his body on its own. She could feel the shaft of his cock pressing against her entrance.

"Mmmpphhh, so sweet... slurp... mmmmm," Fiona said unconsciously in between moans as she sucked Vritra’s tongue, gulping the mixture of their saliva, keeping him quiet even now.

They kissed continuously, playing with each other’s tongues, and only broke the kiss when they were out of breath.

As Fiona pulled her face away from his, a thick line of saliva connected their mouths.

She was feeling a bit tired after all that action, even though her body wanted more. She moved to the side and lay there panting. She knew they couldn’t go any further; she still had to stay loyal to Max after all.

Kissing her cheek, Vritra put on his clothes, then he whispered close to her ear: "Goodbye, Fiona."

"Hmm..." she nodded with a blush on her face, pulling her legs together to hide her excited lower lips.

******

After walking out of her room, Vritra began to walk towards Diana’s room. He had a couple of things he wanted to ask; he wanted to hurry in leaving this kingdom since he had a strong feeling that danger was approaching.

’Oh right, that thing I saw before... that cube, what is it exactly?’ Vritra asked in his mind.

"Ah, you mean ’Glyph’? Well, it is an ingenious creation from one of the greatest geniuses a long time ago. He was called Rodrick Mech. You must have seen how it was used to store objects—or the one that was used to store the energy of one of the Demon Gods which hurt me, right?" Yasmine replied.

’Hmm, so it is called Glyph. Aside from storing objects and attacks, can that thing be used for anything else?’ Vritra asked, his interest piqued.

"In this world, the people who could create those glyphs... the Glyph Masters are quite rare, and they are highly respected—of course, depending on their ranks.

That thing can go as far as the imagination could go as long as you have the capability. Once you get out of this kingdom, you will be able to see and know a whole lot of things," she added.

’Hmm, the glyphs do sound quite interesting. I should have taken one, but I didn’t since others might locate me using it,’ Vritra sighed, then another thought came to his mind with great urgency.

’Wifey, you know how children are made, right?’ he questioned, and Yasmine replied in a coy tone:

"Huhu hubby, of course I know. Haven’t I been learning that from my great teacher—my mother-in-law? Anyway, isn’t it a bit early to talk about that? Hehe, maybe we can try it after we arrive in the dragon kingdom."

’No, I had filled my mother several times then... won’t she get pregnant with my child?’ Vritra asked. He didn’t want to have a child just yet—he could barely keep himself alive for now.

"Oh, so you are worried about that... Hmm, I think it should be fine. You are now a dragon, and it takes quite some time for a dragon to have a child. My father only had me despite living for so long. So you don’t have to worry," Yasmine said, her voice comforting.

Vritra relaxed, but his naughty wife then added something to bring him to the edge again.

"Wait, but mother-in-law is a succubus, and they could get pregnant much faster. So won’t the delaying effect be cancelled out that way?" Yasmine said in a contemplating tone.

’Ah, so I have to avoid filling her up from now on. But what if she is already...’ Vritra felt a headache coming on.

He paused in front of Diana’s room and massaged his temple, but Yasmine spoke again—and this time, her words made him relax.

"But in the succubus race, they kind of have control over when they want to have a child, so I don’t think you have to worry about that."

’That’s good...’ Vritra released a sigh of relief. But she spoke again.

"But wait, what if my cute mother-in-law did want to have your child? Then it is indeed worrying," Yasmine said in a concerned tone.

Vritra’s lips stretched into a thin line as he shook his head.

’You are teasing me again, aren’t you? Don’t worry, I will remember it all, and the day you get your body back, you will be getting a lot of hard pats on your butt.’ Vritra said, as he pushed the door and entered.

"OH! I would love that, hehe, getting spanked by you..." Yasmine giggled, and Vritra couldn’t help but smile at her playful behaviour.

"..." Diana was sitting in front of a mirror, combing her long white hair. She was only a little surprised as the door was pushed open directly, but she already knew who it was.

She was actually wondering why he hadn’t come to meet her yet even though he had returned and those two-day promises had ended.

’But it’s not like I was missing him or anything. Is he here for that again?’ Diana wondered.

After closing the door, Vritra directly sat over the bed with a serious expression and gestured for her to come closer.

"Had you already heard about what happened to the Dawn Minion? Or that some of your guards were abducted today?" Vritra asked, as Diana stopped exactly in front of him.

From his tone, it seemed he wasn’t in a good mood, so she felt a little nervous; she wondered if she had made any kind of mistake.

"Y- Yes, I heard about that. Is that related to you?" Diana asked, as she gulped her saliva; for some reason, he seemed much stronger than before.

"Yes, I was the one to kill them all. And do you know the reason?" Vritra asked as he leaned back slightly.

"What?!! You killed them all? W- Why?" Diana had a sinking feeling in her chest; she could only think of one possibility—that he got so angry.

"Those assassins tried to kidnap Mom while I was away, and those guards pretended not to notice anything. Didn’t I ask you to protect Mom properly?" Vritra asked with narrowed eyes.

"Oh, I- I put many guards around her r- room. I d- didn’t know those guards would do that... I am sorry, it’s my fault," Diana said, tilting her head down and feeling bad.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...