Chapter 39: Evolution-2

Vritra’s gaze focused on the couple and the baby. Although the scene was a little blurry, he could clearly sense the joy of the couple as they gazed at the baby girl.

The scene changed—the girl grew, and Vritra watched several of her life moments. By now, he clearly understood that she was not a human but a dragon and most likely Yasmine.

Her home and all the people around were completely different from anything Vritra had ever seen. He saw dragons flying in the air and fighting; their strength was simply terrifying. Just a roar from them was enough to make the ground explode.

He watched the little girl grow slowly, learning new things, spending wholesome time with her family. She grew up in such a nice environment, and it was also clear that her status in her race wasn’t low. Wherever she went, everyone showed her great respect.

As Vritra continued to watch, the girl had now grown into a woman looking more than twenty years old, and Vritra was simply baffled by her beauty. If Diana was a 9/10, then she was simply a 100. There was just no comparison, and her strength too was much higher than Diana’s already. Of course, there were suitors all around who kept trying to get her attention.

Her behavior was warm towards her family and friends but cold and indifferent towards most. Diana was arrogant, but she was confident and proud. It seemed her existence itself was the epitome of perfection.

Whether it be intelligence, strength, or looks, no one could even come close to her in the entire race. With the passage of time, her strength and appearance only got better. Vritra watched several parts of her life.

The moments of joy, her sadness, the moments that enraged her, all the ones she had killed, and every emotion she had felt—Vritra could feel it too, as if he was living a different life along with her.

Hundreds of years had passed, and her name was famous everywhere. Yasmine floated in the air and looked at the night sky, her expression solemn. Vritra looked at the woman in front of him. Despite being somewhat blurry, he was bewitched by her looks. She just looked extremely stunning and seductive. Her curves had grown perfectly, with just the right amount of fat over the right places.

Vritra was surprised not only because of her mind-blowing beauty but also because he thought Yasmine couldn’t take the human form. He just stared at that figure without letting his thoughts disturb him.

Time continued to pass. At some point, Yasmine was heartbroken when her father had died while fighting against the demons. He alone had fought several Demon Lords, but in the end, even the strongest dragon—Yasmine’s father—wasn’t able to survive.

That was one of the lowest moments of her life, where she almost broke apart. Even her mother had disappeared, and it was suspected that under the schemes of the demons, she was killed too. Yasmine cried a lot at that time, and that was the last time.

Seeing that sobbing, lonely figure, Vritra felt a sinking feeling, and he just wanted to rush forward and embrace her. But unfortunately, he couldn’t do anything but watch.

Since both of her parents were gone, Yasmine had no choice but to take charge of the entire dragon race, and she became the youngest Dragon Queen. There was some resistance at first, and a few dragons even seemed to scheme behind her to take the throne.

But with her overwhelming strength, she suppressed them all. After that, she fought countless battles year after year, and just like that, hundreds of years had passed, and Vritra just continued to watch her life.

Yasmine had grown very cold and ruthless. Her strength had grown. Under her rule, the dragon race prospered, and she had become one of the strongest beings under the Gods.

As Vritra continued to observe, he saw a battle against several Demon Lords where Yasmine was beating the other side into misery. One of the Demon Lords brought out a fist-sized glowing black cube that looked magical. It glinted and sparkled.

Upon sensing the aura, Yasmine was both shocked and angry, since she recognized that this was the attack from one of the Demon Gods, and it was a rule that the true Gods wouldn’t interfere directly with anyone unless they were true Gods.

As the attack struck her, Yasmine was badly hurt, and her physical body was destroyed. But still, she barely managed to escape from the Demon Lords with her damaged and weakened soul.

She floated around for a long time, traveling a large distance until she felt an intense but weak aura emanating from somewhere, and that is how she ended up in the labyrinth and stayed in the care of the weakened Nihil-Anima Mythic Halo.

She stayed in the labyrinth for several years and had barely recovered. Vritra watched countless people falling into the Death Canopy as despair took over them. After a long time, Vritra saw himself entering, and the whole scene continued until the moment they returned to the labyrinth.

...

Outside the energy cocoon, Yasmine was undergoing a similar kind of experience. She went through countless memories of life, but his life was much shorter than hers, so her experience ended faster than his.

But she stayed unconscious even after the visions had ended, floating in the air as the mystical process continued.

******

While Vritra was undergoing the transformation, the two types of energy in his body that always remained hidden and could only come out for a very short time finally had some peace.

Demonic-Veyll and the energy of the Demonic God knew that their time had come. There was no better chance than this, and if they wished to choose Vritra as their host, they had to act now.

But both of them were wisps of energy that had been separated from their host—one of the Demon God—because of Nihil-Anima. So for now, they were barely staying alive.

After a tacit understanding, the energy of the Demonic God and Demonic-Veyll both decided to merge partially and form the bond with him. They could sense demonic energy in Vritra’s body—the amount was just enough for them to grow a little.

Black flames and purple energy merged and spread across his body, not hindering his dragon transformation but instead syncing with it perfectly. A dark purple core began to form at the center of his chest, letting the demonic energy merge and spread across his body seamlessly while also concentrating into the core.

******

Time passed silently inside the Death Canopy. Several days had passed just like that. Yasmine was the first to wake up, then she just floated around the energy cocoon.

They didn’t have to worry about any human falling into the trap and endangering Vritra’s life since she had halted the trap for now. With the time difference of five times from the outside world, this was the perfect and safest place for Vritra to undergo this transformation where he was almost defenseless.

Almost twenty days had passed when the transformation in Vritra’s body finally ended. It took several days more than what Yasmine had expected, but the aura around the cocoon was extremely dense and dangerous.

__________

Thanks for reading...