Chapter 116: The assassin

Vanessa gave a peck on his lips before Vritra walked out of the room.

Vritra took a few steps away from the room and after Vanessa had returned inside, his steps halted and his expression became dangerously chilly.

He glanced at one of the corners of the corridor, at the shadow that looked much darker than the others. The dark knight—Vritra had already known about the attack on his mother when he arrived there, but he had held back until now. His rage was boiling over and destructive thoughts filled his mind.

In a low but dangerous voice he commanded, "Bring that rat."

Then he disappeared and flew out of the temple. Before he did anything else, he needed to purge these evil beings who believed they could do whatever they wished in this kingdom and get away with it.

He might have been a bit lenient if they had tried to kill just him. After killing the attackers, he might have let go of their organisation, but now, everything was different. They tried to hurt the person most dear to him. If weighing the entire world on one side, he would still prioritise his mother. How could he allow those creatures to exist?

Vritra flew out of the castle boundary, moving towards the market and flew high into the sky, reaching the point that most people on the ground wouldn’t be able to see or hear him.

After making sure that no one could sense his presence here, Vritra came out of the fourth dimension and halted in the sky. He turned and saw the shadow following behind him.

The dark knight was carrying the unconscious man from the Dawn Minion assassin group. The air itself seemed to be consumed by darkness around the knight.

"Wake him up," Vritra said, his eyes glowing with a faint demonic light. If he didn’t get a source to vent all his rage soon, then he might just end up launching a frontal war with the king.

But there was still time for that to happen.

"Yes, master." The dark knight nodded. He was clutching the man from his neck like some broken toy, from the back.

In the next moment, the dark knight raised his left hand and flicked his finger, hitting the assassin’s elbow as a loud cracking sound rang out, followed by an ear piercing scream.

The assassin’s left hand bent forward at an unnatural angle as he was forcefully pulled out of his sleep. The pain made him randomly thrash his arm around.

"...Break the other one too and make sure he doesn’t bite his tongue," Vritra commanded, barely stopping himself from torturing this man to death. He needed to get some info out of him after all.

BANG

CRACK

"Uwaaaaaaah aaaaaaaah! W- What’s happening? Ughhhh!" the assassin screamed in terror as both his arms lay limply to his sides. The elbow bones were completely shattered.

Finally, he saw Vritra standing in front of him with an emotionless face, and only then did he notice that they were floating in the sky. Soon, memories of the previous night’s failure came back and his first instinct was to take his own life.

It was much better than dying a gruesome and painful death at the hands of their opponent. The assassins were ready for death always, but even they would break if they went through too much pain.

They always had means for taking their own lives. Since his hands were useless right now, he decided to use the poison stored in his mouth.

But before he could react, the dark knight’s hand moved like lightning. He inserted two of his fingers, covered by the dark armour, into the assassin’s mouth and easily knocked off all his teeth before pulling them all out.

All the teeth fell down to the ground. The assassin was left feeling the pain and a bloody mouth.

"Now, are you calm enough?" Vritra asked, his voice holding no emotions.

"!!!" The assassin screamed wildly and despite all the attempts at taking his own life, he failed to do so. He couldn’t even bite off his tongue.

"..." Vritra waited silently for a while. Only when the assassin had calmed down a bit did he ask:

"Just tell me who sent you, and you might die without pain."

"You baskard, you are nok going ko gek anykhing ouk of me." The assassin shouted with a ferocious expression. His mask had already been removed, and the face of a middle aged man with several scars became visible.

Since his teeth were knocked out, it was hard for the assassin to speak properly.

"Sigh... I don’t like wasting my time on useless interrogation. Dark knight, rip his arms out." Vritra ordered. Dust began to swirl around his body to stop even a single drop of blood from landing on him.

The dark knight acted instantly. While holding his neck with his right hand, he clutched the assassin’s broken left arm and then tore it away right from the shoulder.

A large amount of blood spluttered out of his body. The assassin’s mouth opened wide and no scream came out. He directly fainted because of the pain.

The dark knight just threw the left arm to the ground. A few people in the market had blood raining on them, while one unlucky looking man even had a hand come from the sky and hit his head.

Those people panicked and ran away in haste.

Then the assassin’s right arm got the same treatment. It was pulled out brutally right from the shoulder as another fountain of blood leaked. The assassin finally came to his senses and screamed.

[Nether Eye Activated.]

Vritra didn’t have the time to use the mental attack related to this skill, so he decided to contribute a bit in the torture.

A vertical eye containing endless darkness appeared on his forehead. As Vritra shot the mental attack, an invisible wave of energy rushed straight into the assassin’s head. His eyes went black and his body began to tremble violently.

It seemed this attack was much more deadly than Vritra had expected. Under his surprised gaze, the hair of the assassin began to turn white and fall.

His body became weak at a visible rate and blood leaked out of every hole in his body.

Vritra was now worried that he might have accidentally killed the only attacker left, but thankfully the assassin survived—though he was on his last breath. So he pulled out a low grade healing elixir and poured it all into the dead body like assassin’s mouth.

He gulped it down greedily, and instantly a bit of life returned to his body. It seemed that the mental attack had done the trick. The assassin was too terrified as he began to speak in haste:

"I-I will kell you e- everykhing ughh p-please jusk kill me— COUGH COUGH COUGH!" Right after speaking, he spurted out several mouthfuls of blood and it seemed that he was about to die.

"Alright, tell me who sent you?" Vritra asked calmly, as the third eye disappeared from his forehead.

"I- I am an ass—cough cough..." He paused midway speaking and began to cough wildly.

"You are ass?" Vritra raised an eyebrow, wondering if this man was still playing around even when he was about to die.

____________

Thanks for reading...