Chapter 339: Speed Run

The entire town was filled with the sound of battle for the entire night, everyone hid in the deepest corner of their houses, praying to survive this frightening night.

No one knew exactly what was happening, but they could clearly feel the tremors that made their houses shake, hearing the continuous terrifying and twisted screams of the abominations.

Yennifer’s face was pale, she stood close to the window, trying to faintly see the battle in the distance.

Thankfully, Vritra had stopped the poison from spreading in her body, but she still felt quite weak.

She could barely see lots of big shadows in the distance that kept disappearing one after the other.

Her gaze searched for Vritra but he had disappeared in the crowd of abominations.

...

From a bit after nine, the battle continued on for hours, the explosive noises only intensified as more time passed.

At one point Yennifer’s body gave up and she fell unconscious for a while, waking up nearly five hours later, when the darkness had started to recede and the sound of battle had disappeared.

Now not a single abomination could be seen or heard in the town. Maybe since the morning arrived, they ran away.

Yennifer just wanted to go out and check up on him, but when she tried, she was unable to open the door.

Even the windows were covered by metallic bars, locking her inside the town hall.

She called for help and continued to pull the door. After a while, when the sky had brightened up, a few people finally had the courage to leave their houses.

Some of the men opened the door after removing the knives with some difficulty.

"A- Are you alright?"

One of the men asked, staring in shock at Yennifer’s face.

Since her veil was missing, her beautiful face was clearly visible, though it was covered by blood and dirt.

The empress ignored them all as she ran out of there, rushing towards the area where the battle had taken place.

More and more people started to come out, and they were just baffled by the scene.

Vritra was lying on top of a soft bed made of dead insects, countless of them.

His body was covered by way too many wounds and completely bloodied.

"H- Husband...!!"

Yennifer muttered, pausing as she saw Vritra’s leg hanging down from the high bed.

She didn’t even know if he was alive or not.

Mark looked at the countless dead insects.

After slight hesitation, he climbed onto the top and checked Vritra’s condition, and he was shocked to find that despite so many serious wounds...

"H- He is just sleeping." He spoke in shock.

By now most of the town had gathered there but they couldn’t understand what exactly had happened.

They wondered if Vritra really survived a night outside all by himself, but then what were all these insects?

"Oh!!" The empress was overjoyed hearing that, but her heart ached nonetheless, seeing those injuries.

She had never wanted to slaughter the Bone Blood Cult this badly in her life.

Vritra was quickly brought back to a different home.

Yennifer removed his bloodied clothes and then applied medicine carefully to all his wounds, bandaging his entire body with clean clothes.

He slept for the entire day, then the whole night, and finally woke up later in the morning the next day.

’Haa, where am I?’ Vritra thought as he slowly opened his eyes and saw a different ceiling. Slowly the memories of his fight returned.

His body was so exhausted and wounded that near the end of the battle, he didn’t even know what he was doing, but his body kept moving on autopilot.

’Ughh, I still feel so tired, but the pain has mostly gone away by now.’ Checking his body’s condition, Vritra was relieved.

All his wounds would be healed within a day or two.

He felt a slight weight on top of his body. Glancing down, he saw Yennifer’s slender arm resting over his chest while she slept beside him.

Her hair were a bit messy, but she just looked more beautiful.

She seemed perfectly fine now, the poison had completely disappeared and only a few scratches were left.

’I killed quite a lot of abominations previously, I wonder how much my level has increased.’ Vritra thought and glanced at the notifications.

{You have cleansed one Red RipMaw!!}

{You have cleansed one Red RipMaw!!}

{You have cleansed one Red RipMaw!!}

...

{You have absorbed the Red Sin Coin.}

{You have absorbed the Red Sin Coin.}

{You have absorbed the Red Sin Coin.}

...

{You have levelled up.}

{You have levelled up.}

{You have levelled up.}

...

{Sin Coin → 957/2500}

{Evolution in process...}

Vritra read the messages.

He had killed more than seven hundred abominations in just one night, and now his level should be around 3,760.

That was such a big leap. In the outside world, increasing each level is so difficult, but because of the sin coins it was like Vritra was doing a speed run.

’Looks like my self-healing ability has also increased, but I had taken too much damage.

Now it won’t be long before I find a way out. I hope mom and the others are fine.’ Vritra thought. He called out to Yasmine but received no response.

He was really missing the constant teasing and advice of his dragon waifu.

Yennifer woke up again to check up on Vritra, but seeing that he was awake, she was overjoyed.

"Vritra, you are finally awake!! I- I was so worried. Do your wounds still hurt? Are you—"

In worry, the empress began to ask one question after another, but Vritra kissed her soft lips and silenced her.

"I am fine now, don’t worry. These wounds will heal quickly." He added and pulled her into his arms.

"..." The empress was silent for a few seconds, just loving being so close to him.

She didn’t care about anything else and was just happy that he was fine.

"It was those Bone Blood Cultists, right?" Vritra asked, his expression changing.

"Yeah, I did see one. One of the members first pretended to be you, even copying your voice and using your real name." Yennifer replied, not bothered by the smell of medicines.

"Looks like I will have to clean them up first." Vritra mumbled. He was sure that it wasn’t a coincidence that they chose to attack exactly when he was not home.

So, they most probably knew that he had killed abominations, which meant they had seen Vritra fight before and it greatly narrowed the search area.

"Just rest for now. Those cultists must have obtained something special here, which allowed them to move in the night and even attract so many abominations.

They could even talk to their organisation easily." Yennifer said. Revenge could be taken later, but first Vritra needed to get enough rest.

Suddenly a loud shout rang out from outside.

"What the fuck are you talking about? There is no way we could do that."

Vritra and Yennifer looked at one another. This enraged voice clearly belonged to Chopper.

"Let’s go check it." Vritra said as he pushed his body up with some difficulty.

"No, just rest, I will go—" Yennifer tried to stop him but Vritra sat up.

"As I said, I am feeling better now." He said.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...