Chapter 109: Roll the wheel!!

BOOOOOOOOOM!!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

They hit the ground around a dozen or so metres away from the flowers as the explosive sound began to ring out like before.

...

The damn ground was too persistent, even after two hours the task was nowhere near done.

The spikes of Bob and Bobby broke several times, but as soul wraiths they healed instantly. Vritra watched the whole thing silently. He had even created protective layers of dust around the two flowers. He was still mostly fine, but the other people were going crazy.

But because of the tension, Vritra began to devour more and more demon meat, as the Essence Core in his body was being restored and strengthened.

Time passed as the explosive sound became consistent, ringing once every second or two.

After more than fourteen hours of consistent explosions, the large hard rocks around the two flowers were finally broken.

Vritra just stored the two large boulders instantly. By now, even he felt his head buzzing, and it wouldn’t be long before he would start bleeding from his ears and mouth.

Even after the flowers had disappeared, there were still lingering effects, but everything would soon return to normal.

Just as Vritra was about to head back and check on the situation of all the people, he noticed something in the two large holes in the ground that were a few metres apart from one another.

He noticed and saw something like a dancing human or a dog covered under debris and dust. It seemed to be carved into the ground, and even Bob and Bobby weren’t able to scratch it. "Mm hmm, now what is this?"

He jumped into the hole, and with a wave of his hand, he cleared off all the dust from the ground, and the carvings became more visible.

"So it wasn’t that the Monk Shitless’s drawing was bad, the source was just that ugly. Anyway, so this is the right place? Now what kind of key am I supposed to activate?"

Vritra’s lips stretched in a thin line. He took the monk’s words as bullshit, but now he felt that might not have been the case.

"Guess I will go back and ask." He decided and ran back immediately.

"!!!" When he arrived back at that place, the scene was quite shocking. Almost all the eleven thousand people lay on the ground like corpses, their faces and clothes covered in blood, and they were all unconscious.

Vritra quickly spotted Monk Shitless, who was unconscious over his bull. He flew over and pulled the monk to the ground. He was still alive and had only fainted. Vritra pulled out the Death Bringer weapon from his inventory.

The legendary weapon of the warriors of the east, the slipper.

"Shitless, you can’t die yet. SLAP SLAP SLAP SLAP Wake up. SLAP SLAP" Vritra shouted as he kept slapping his cheeks with the slipper, hitting quite hard that his cheeks became swollen within seconds.

"Uhm, shouldn’t there be more words and less slaps? Are you trying to wake him up or beat the shit out of him? This is so wrong to do this to a helpless unconscious person, but personally I love it hehe, let’s keep on going." Yasmine had finally relaxed after the earlier shock, her mood became jolly as she spoke playfully.

"I think he is dead SLAP SLAP SLAP SLAP SLAP SLAP you can’t die, not yet, tell me what was the key, SLAP SLAP SLAP SLAP what was it?" Vritra continued to help the poor monk until he heard a barely visible voice coming out of his mouth.

"I- I am still alive ugh cough s- stop I am not dead..." the monk muttered pitifully, he could barely speak with his swollen face.

"You are alright? Forget that, tell me what did you mean by the key?" Vritra asked as he violently shook Monk Shitless’s shoulders.

"I- I don’t know that, I cough just know that y- you have the k- key ughh." Monk spoke with difficulty, his head spinning.

"Tch, so useless." Vritra pushed the monk away and turned. Before leaving, he glanced at all the people and wondered if he should bring them as meat shields to the next round or not.

Who knows what danger might lurk there.

But first, he needed to figure out what the key actually was.

So he arrived back at the place where the drawing was carved under the ground and only a part of it was visible.

He stood above the circular drawing and began to ponder.

"Key, key... the only thing that comes to my mind related to that word is the Sin key—wait, this place is indeed related to the Divine Sin Wheel, so maybe that is the case!!" he concluded quickly.

Vritra glanced at his sin points.

{Sin Point: 2,638,995}

The figure was less than before but still satisfying. The crowd here was less than the competition, and he had spent less time earning sin points here.

He bought a key quickly worth 10,000 sin points.

{Sin Points: 2,628,995}

(Sin Keys available: 1)

After buying the key, he wondered if he needed to put this ethereal key into the drawing somehow or just rotate the wheel once.

He decided to rotate the wheel once. He could waste 10,000 points if it meant finding the door outside. He had already wasted so many sin points already because of ’Better Luck Next Time!!’, so what did 10,000 more matter?

[Used 1 Sin Key, Sin Keys left: 0]

He directly pushed the key into the golden wheel in his mind as the wheel rotated, and just as he had expected, the carvings under his feet began to glow with a bright light.

Vritra had expected that a door would open, but much to his shock, his body began to distort and his head began to spin. He guessed that it might be some kind of teleportation.

But this wasn’t what he wanted, he was just looking for a door.

"Stop stop I have to get my meat shield before, waittttt—" Vritra was shocked as his body became blurry, but before his sight became completely dark, he received yet another shock.

{You have acquired 3,000 Agility stat points.}

"WHAT THE HELLLLLL-?" his voice echoed as he disappeared from the space amidst his shock, his voice lingered a moment in the now empty cave.

******

As Vritra returned to his senses, he blinked his eyes and felt a slight headache. He slowly opened his eyes and only saw darkness. Absolutely nothing was visible. He couldn’t even see his own body, and the silence was deafening.

Vritra couldn’t even feel anything. There was no land under his feet, and he seemed to be floating in space. He spoke but couldn’t even hear his own voice. He couldn’t even talk to Yasmine despite calling her name out several times.

’What’s going on? Am I dead? If I am not wrong, then I must have been teleported to another space, but what is this place? I can’t sense anything at all.’ His own thoughts felt as if he was listening to someone else speak.

He opened his status window to see if the last thing he saw was just an illusion or reality.

____________

Thanks for reading...