Chapter 548 Her Safety?

'Divine, you bastard, I will get back at you for everything you have done.' Vritra cursed, he had definitely done this knowingly.

Then, getting to his feet, Vritra hurried closer to Teresa. She was sobbing, and it made him feel really bad even if it was just a misunderstanding.

Pulling her into his arms, Vritra began to gently caress her back, as Teresa buried her face into his chest.

"Sorry, I wasn't shouting at you. I was… talking to someone else, and he made me angry. I would never shout at you." Vritra spoke gently.

She was ready to leave everything behind just for him, so he didn't want to see her cry or be sad at all.

"I- I was SOB only one here, SOB there is n- no one else…" Teresa said through her sobs, clutching his clothes tightly in her fists.

Her cheeks puffed up.

"It's an ability of mine to talk telepathically, so stop crying, it makes me feel sad too." Vritra continued to console her for a while.

Only after a few minutes had passed did she finally calm down.

The two were embracing each other, Teresa's hands wrapped around him, her face nuzzled close to his neck.

Vritra was still caressing her head as he questioned: "But why would you think I hate you?"

"I know how you were trying to cancel our wedding before; you didn't want to marry me. I am so much older than you, I am blind, I can't have kids, and my family put so many conditions…" Teresa mumbled.

She could understand why he would hate her.

Vritra chuckled, hugged her tighter, and spoke: "You silly girl, I would never hate you. And as for marriage, there are a few things that you still don't know. I will explain everything to you soon."

That was a lot for her, so he decided to tell her everything slowly.

They remained silent for a moment, then Vritra thought of something and asked: "You said I didn't want to marry, you are saying it as if you wanted to marry me from before."

"Yes, I wanted to." Teresa said softly.

"Hmm, but you didn't even know me. So if it was someone else, you would want to marry him?" Vritra decided to tease her to lighten the mood, speaking in a slightly upset tone.

He found it intriguing, maybe she also knew something.

"Huh? No, I wouldn't!" Teresa pulled back and said hurriedly, her beautiful face so close to his.

"So, you knew your groom was me? I have disappeared for quite some time, what would you even know?" Vritra asked, though he already had a few guesses.

"Uhm… let's talk about it once we are somewhere else." Teresa said.

"Alright, Tess, let's do that. Anyway, what were you showing me earlier?" he asked, glad that he was able to understand her insecurities early on.

"Oh, these rings, do you like them?" Tess finally remembered. She picked the rings up from the floor and showed them to him.

"Wow, they are as pretty as my Tess. I love them." Vritra said as he picked one of the rings, then took her hand and gently put the ring on her finger.

"Here, help me with it now." Vritra said, putting his palm over hers.

Although her senses allowed her to see the world somewhat, Vritra wanted her to be able to see everything. He really needed to find a solution soon.

The two wore the silver coloured rings. Putting their hands together, they looked really good.

They talked for a bit longer, feeling closer than before.

"Are you ready?" Vritra asked, as Teresa put on a veil and wore clothes that completely hid her from top to bottom.

She looked cute wearing loose clothes like that.

"Yes!" Tess said excitedly, ready to step into her new life.

Taking her hand, the two walked out of the room. She was wearing gloves on only one hand, while with the other she held his hand.

Gunter and the others were already waiting outside, talking with Shen and the others.

"You are here." Ava looked at her son and daughter in law, but since Tess was completely hidden, she couldn't really see her.

"Yes, let's go." Vritra nodded, walking out of the Ford palace. Various vehicles were lined up for them.

The Fords were sending them back with a lot of gifts. One vehicle was especially luxurious and decorated, in which the Yates planned to bring Vritra and his bride back.

Sakshi was there too, her neck bandaged, and she couldn't open her mouth for a while.

But the Fords were surprised to see Teresa walk out in the open. Sir Giant stepped forward and spoke: "Teresa, what are you doing here? It is too dangerous, return to your room now!"

"Of course she would be out here, after all she is going with me." Vritra said. He had created several layers of barrier so no one could even get close to her.

Even his other wives wouldn't end up touching her accidentally.

"What? There is no way, that is just too dangerous. She has to stay in the Ford realm. If you want, you can stay here with her.

But for her safety, we can't allow her to leave. Do you know how dangerous it is for her just to walk out like this? If she accidentally even touched an insect, her life might be in danger."

Sir Giant pressed on, adamant about keeping Teresa locked in her room.

"Don't worry, even the air she breathes will have to go through a security check. She will be much safer with me than in this realm." Vritra replied.

"Art, you should understand, this is about her safety. Can't you just live here?" Shen said, standing behind Sir Giant.

"No, let's just ask whether she wants to stay here or go with me." Vritra said as everyone turned to look at Teresa.

"Sure, let's do tha…" Sir Giant started confidently, but then he paused. Who knows what sorcery this boy had done, Teresa was so obedient to him.

"I will g-" Teresa was about to answer, but Sir Giant interrupted.

"No matter what, it is about her safety. We can't take any risks. I am sure we can find a solution if we just talk it out calmly, like maybe you can stay here or come meet her every now and then?" He suggested.

Rich stood silently, he didn't have any opinion. Sakshi also stood silently since she couldn't speak.

Otherwise, she too would have wanted Teresa to stay. Why would she want such a genius slave to leave?

Gunter stepped forward and spoke: "Sir Giant, we understand your concerns, but we will do our utmost to protect her. You don't have to worry. She is now like a daughter to me."

"No, no, no. You know nothing about it, and you won't be able to protect her from outside threats, especially since her identity is known now. So just-" Sir Giant was speaking when suddenly black smoke rose not too far away.

It attracted their attention as they all quieted down and looked.

Soon, a person stepped out of the smoke, wearing a black outfit and a golden mask.

"I am one of the seats of the Golden Moon, Smog. I am here to bring Teresa Ford to our organization." The man announced, as his gaze focused on Teresa.

❖❖❖