Chapter 439: The Secrets

"Alright, so for starters, you should stay away from master. If you do that, he will start missing you and will accept your apology, then it will be really easy for you to get back with him.

Meanwhile, I will also do my best to beg for his forgiveness for your sake." Maeve said, giving a short friendly smile.

"Oh! I didn’t know you were so nice, then I will trust you. I will come visit you in the arena tomorrow." Yennefer said, before turning and flying away.

’That... was a lot easier than I expected, I didn’t think the ex-empress was this stupid.’ Maeve herself was surprised that such a simple trick worked.

But since it worked, so be it. She shrugged her shoulders and removed the barriers before turning back to go into the room.

’Sigh, seems like I won’t be able to get a lesson from master today, all because of her.

Only if she hadn’t visited.’ Maeve thought, though she was still happy to have Vritra all to herself.

"Masterrrr~" she opened the door and entered, but froze upon seeing Yennefer seated on the bed.

"Tsk, why are you still here?" she asked in a whispering tone, not wanting to interrupt Vritra, who was already asleep.

"You don’t need to know."

Yennefer said, before lying by Vritra’s side, hugging him intimately.

"..." Maeve glared at her for a few seconds, but Yennefer was also Vritra’s woman, though they might be in conflict now.

So she could only allow Yennefer to do as she wished for now, yet she still felt jealous.

She climbed onto the bed and laid on Vritra’s left, clinging to him even tighter, showing her closeness.

After a long staring contest and a silent fight over Vritra, the two of them finally fell asleep, both feeling extremely joyous to be sleeping with their man.

***

[D-Day 11]

As dawn broke, Vritra woke up, feeling refreshed.

The previous night he had fallen asleep while talking with Yasmine; he didn’t know what the two women had talked about.

"..." He opened his eyes and found himself in the familiar hotel room. Softness had completely covered him from both sides.

Glancing down, Vritra found the two women tightly entwined with him, their bodies coiled around him like serpents.

’Sigh, things can’t continue like this. I guess it is time to just tell her, then she can decide if she still has the same feelings for me.’

Vritra thought, as he tried getting out of their embrace.

And his movements woke the two up; they just yawned and hugged him tighter.

"Get up, we need to talk." Vritra finally gave up, since getting out of their arms was impossible without using force.

The two finally came to their senses; their eyes opened as they sat back, looking at Vritra with full concentration.

He sat up and took a long breath before settling his gaze onto Yennefer, who was nervously waiting for his next words.

She was ready to follow behind him for her entire life and wait for his forgiveness. Yennefer just didn’t want to imagine a life without him.

But she was still afraid of rejection; it was true that breaking things is easier, but making up was extremely difficult.

"Haa, there are a few things that you aren’t aware of yet, and before you make any further decisions, you should know them." Vritra began in a serious tone.

Maeve raised her defences; she could guess what secrets Vritra was about to share, and knowing Yennefer’s hatred for demons, she was afraid that they both might be attacked.

"You already know there are other women in my life. Aside from Maeve, there are four others." He added, shocking both women.

"F-Four? Shouldn’t there be only three others?" they both questioned at the same time.

"That is not important right now. You just need to focus on the point that I have other women in my life, so if you don’t like my relations, you can leave." Vritra said and paused.

"...I-I am fine with it." Yennefer bit her lip before muttering, though just the thought burned her heart with jealousy.

"Then, look at her." Vritra pointed towards Maeve and spoke. "She is a demon, the one you have been searching for, Maeve."

"H-Huh?" Yennefer’s brows shot up in surprise as she tried to digest his words.

Maeve nodded and appeared in her real demonic form, her tail swinging behind her back.

"And... I am a demon too."

As Vritra spoke, he stopped using Misty Essence, and horns appeared on his head along with a purplish demonic energy that was naturally present around him.

"W-What?!!" Yennefer’s eyes opened even wider, this shock thousands of times more impactful than the previous one.

For a moment she even wondered if Vritra only said it to push her away, that he just lied to her. But that energy, the seriousness—it definitely was no lie.

And his words once again rang in her head.

’I am the exact thing you hate the most. Such a relation just isn’t possible between us. When you end up slaughtering all the demons, I would no longer be there with you...’

And it finally clicked in her mind. Her expressions changed several times as she tried to register this news.

Just the word demon was enough to make her go mad; she hated them all to the core.

She was quite young when she had pledged to kill all demons, but now the person she loved the most was, in reality, a demon.

What a joke of fate this was. She remained silent, her thoughts becoming a mess.

She knew for sure that Vritra was someone who had been brought here from the real world—shouldn’t he be a human?

Didn’t he also possess the dragon’s bloodline already?

None of it was making sense.

"A-Are you really even Vritra? H-How did this happen?" she questioned, looking at him with complicated emotions.

"Yes, I am Vritra, brought to this chaotic world from Earth."

Vritra said but did not give any further explanations. If things were to truly end between them, then it was better to be completely clear.

He wanted to know how she would react to this news. He hadn’t told her this before because he was afraid of losing her, but this was just the perfect chance.

"So, do you want to kill me now? Erase the evil, start with the demon right in front of you." Vritra spoke, his tone emotionless as he spread his arms defenselessly.

He was wondering if she was going to attack and leave, or just leave.

"Uh..." Yennefer drank some water to calm herself.

This wasn’t really what she had expected. She knew there were many secrets of his that she wasn’t aware of yet, but this was really too shocking for her.

"Aren’t you Divine’s successor?" she questioned after a moment.

"Indeed I am. Well, we have some time before today’s game starts, so if you want to try to kill me, this is your chance."

Vritra urged her, though acting emotionless, he very much wanted to see her next actions.

This just might be the point where they truly go their separate ways.

Before Yennefer could have spoken anything, a message flashed before Vritra, surprising him.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...