Chapter 528 The Hero's Party

"That… looks perfect on you, Art, let's go with this outfit." Ava said, excitedly.

Soon all sorts of other things were selected for him, while Gunter was busy selecting gifts and other stuff.

The morning was quite hectic, it seemed the whole Yate realm was busy.

It was decorated quite well, but Ava knew because of whatever Teresa's circumstances are, she can't really touch anyone.

So her son would have to marry or have some concubines later on.

She was sure the Fords wouldn't object to this and even if they did, they would still do it.

"Okay that's all, get all the rest you want, the day ahead will be quite busy."

Soon Vritra was left alone in his room, of course, his dragon waifu floating around like a ghost.

"Sigh" rubbing his temples, Vritra sighed, thankfully he still possessed his old skill Tranquil Mind which kept him calm.

"Yenni, just where have you disappeared off to?" Completely aware that Yennefer was being used to drive him through this line of fate, but Vritra could barely do anything.

He stared at the bracelet on his wrist, still feeling the faint connection with her.

Vritra again tried to use the Null but came out empty handed, just where has she disappeared off that he couldn't find her at all.

***

Near the entrance of the new Quartz continent, a young man could be seen walking ahead of a group.

His steps were hurried, a big smile on his face, and excitement building with each step.

There were strange symbols over his face which seemed to be made to hide some sort of tattoos.

He looked handsome with long red hair which clearly wasn't his natural hair colour.

"Huff slow down, I can't understand why you are so happy to arrive in this place." One of the guys behind him muttered.

There were three people following him, two guys and one woman, who looked rather dazed.

"Haha of course it is because I can finally meet her again." The guy in the front said, letting out a loud laugh.

"Her? Are you talking about Fiona?" the first guy questioned. He was none other than Rhino.

"Of course, who else could make him that excited?" the other guy shook his head. Others just called him Shorty.

His height was near four feet, and he looked more of a dwarf with his big beard and aged complexion.

Despite being in his early twenties, the guy looked quite older because of a skill of his which changed his physical appearance rather quickly.

The poor guy had the girl he had a crush on call him uncle, and that's how he became a drunkard at such a young age.

The woman was someone Jack had found on his journey after entering the White Kingdom.

She kind of had some special ability but every time she used it, her body turned into nothing more than a walking corpse for a few days.

Jack soon arrived at the gates of the continent and passed through easily.

He was the hero although he had hid the fact after leaving the Dunshire continent, knowing how many would want to do some experiments on them.

Nine Pacts was one such example.

Their teacher, although she had managed to survive after getting rescued by the Golden Moon, was in a very bad condition.

Since her head was severed off, with special skills she was able to get a new body but could barely move it.

Still she was living fine now, with several servants serving her.

But her example was enough to put fear in Jack so he hid his identity and travelled with his friends all over the place.

Many of their classmates had gone on with their new lives, some were even dead, none of them had ever received news about Max.

But the most popular from their class were definitely Vritra and Fiona.

"I can't believe that goddess actually became the human empress, the empress of the entire Quartz continent…" Jack muttered, but it was especially because of this he was sure that he had a big backup in this place.

Vanessa was quite popular as well but Jack or the others didn't think it was actually Vritra's mother who was the succubus empress.

And Fiona, he was sure of it, it was definitely her.

'How did her strength grow so much so quickly?' he ran his fingers through his hair.

To speak the truth, Jack himself had been very lucky, with one opportunity after another falling in his lap.

His strength had skyrocketed after leaving that kingdom where he was humiliated and had the girl he loved stolen.

"Haa the air here is so good, free of that demon." Jack was depressed and heartbroken because of Fiona and Vritra's relation.

But now that Vritra was dead, he clearly had a chance to pursue her again.

And this time he wouldn't be naïve. He would do anything to make her fall for him.

Or so Jack hoped.

BOOOOOM

"Look!! How did that temple explode?" Right after entering, Rhino stepped forward and pointed nearly 500 meters from them.

"Huh? Why is there such a commotion, don't tell me the goddess knew about my arrival through her godly skills and put this grand welcome–"

"FIRE! I AM FIREEEEEE!" Within moments, the group of four saw a bald monk seated over an enormous bull.

His entire body was burning and he was holding two bells in his palms, but instead of suffering any pain, his expression seemed more like… gloating.

"He seems familiar?" Jack scratched his cheek only to wince as pain shot through him.

To hide the tattoos he had to pay a price.

It wasn't just any normal tattoos and most people just laughed at him and refused to remove the tattoos no matter how much money he offered.

They even made rude offers, asking if his mother was still in business like the tattoo said.

Some even asked his own price for a night.

That aside, Jack stood there as he put all his focus and soon remembered seeing this monk once before.

"Right this is the monk I saw peeing over the temple wall– huh? When did he get so close?" Jack was baffled, overconfident in his abilities he didn't really take anything as a challenge.

His level was already above 8th Legion, what was there to be afraid of. He was even sure he would be able to reach the General rank.

But all the others from behind Jack had already run to the side. Shitless muttered something into a glyph tied to a locket.

Right then his expressions shifted, his arms started buzzing and it seemed he was no longer able to contain whatever those burning bells in his hands were.

Without wasting a moment he threw them to the ground, making Bullo jump very high.

Shocked at the turn of events, Jack saw the two bells fall near his feet, but without any fear he just stomped.

His body shot upwards, there was no way he could be that slow–

BANG

But right then, something heavy pressed over his head. Bullo used his head to push itself upwards, hitting Jack's head hard enough to shoot his body back towards the ground.

And then…

BOOOM!!

And that's how the chain of misfortune for the unfortunate hero started, and his ill fated relation with the evil monk.

❖❖❖