Chapter 414: {Sin Point Gained: Mocked +1}

Red didn’t get angry. He knew that Vritra had no way to escape and using his limited strength he could get to see more of Vritra’s secrets.

Suddenly, Red’s body broke apart and several figures just like him spread throughout the place, trying to attack Vritra.

’He isn’t going all out, wifey, you know something that will make him really angry?’ Vritra questioned while dodging all the attacks. Red wasn’t trying to hurt him but capture him.

"Hm..." Yasmine pondered and soon gave an answer: "Yeah, his peeled-off skin is his honor, that’s why he doesn’t even let it heal. Mock it and he will hit you with all his might."

"Hey, no wonder you are called BBC, did you enjoy as your leader peeled you off? Haha look at that, rotting away like a gutter bug, a mistake left behind in the world by two fools.

Did your parents look as ugly as you? Tell me, what do you say every morning when you see that face of yours in the mirror?

I almost feel pity for you pffttt—" With his constant mocking, Vritra had successfully angered him.

{Sin Point Gained: Mocked +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Enraged+1}

{Sin Point Gained: Blood Thirsty +1}

...

"DO YOU WANT TO DIE THAT BADLY?" Red’s eyes had turned bloodshot, his body shivering with rage.

It had taken hundreds of years for him to be able to control his emotions and not always act like a bloodthirsty beast, but all that hard work seemed to be for naught at this moment.

"Hah. As if your peeled ass could do anything. Tell me, how deep your master entered you to peel you from the insid—"

Vritra was speaking but this seemed to be the breaking point of the leader as he finally went berserk.

Forgetting everything, he lost his sanity as he began to launch full power attack at Vritra.

Normally, just a little of that would have obliterated someone of general rank.

An enormous pillar of blood appeared in front of Vritra and Red’s body began to grow in a twisted manner, really looking like a crazy beast at this moment.

After growing over twenty meters, he gathered a vast amount of energy, turning even the air red as his fist descended towards Vritra at extreme speed.

Even before the punch had landed, the ground under his feet sank. Vritra felt extreme pressure on his body as his clothes got shredded in an instant. But thankfully, he wore the clothes Maeve had given.

The strength Red was displaying was definitely above that of Maeve.

First, Maeve never went all out, and her strength was lower than Red.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!

The forest several kilometres around the whole place was destroyed instantly and Vritra’s body sank deep into the ground.

The red blood energy continued to try to destroy his body, even seeping into his skin but was unable to do any damage.

Vritra kicked the ground and rushed out of the deep crater as he floated at the same height as the beast in front of him.

"Try again!"

With a mocking look, he spoke. Whatever sanity was left instantly disappeared and only the thought of killing Vritra remained now, at any cost.

Red even used his special technique to burn his blood, life force and mana as his strength increased even further.

Waves of bloody hands appeared on his back and at lightning speed, countless attacks hit Vritra’s body, creating extremely loud noises.

At that strength, destroying a single city could be done in a few seconds if no one tries to stop him.

This was a different realm, quite vast, spanning over hundreds of kilometres.

But at this moment, under the attacks of the large creature, everything began to break apart. The space trembled and the ground was torn.

Vritra was shocked at the full power of a Lord.

Even destroying entire kingdoms wouldn’t be too difficult for them, and Red was only growing strong as Vritra continued to mock him.

Yet he failed to kill him no matter what sort of attack he used.

If he was sane and could freely use all his skills then like Maeve he might have found a way to get past his defence but in this state, Red was going full-on brute force.

’Even with the full power of Demonic energy, it would be very difficult to kill Red right now. Looks like I need to get past that limit, at least the charged fist is charging right now.’

Vritra thought, glancing at the meter that was rising faster than before.

"GRAAAAAAAAAAAH" Red continued to let out inhumane noises, his body growing stronger and stronger.

Several minutes passed but he failed to kill this weak ant which made him even angrier.

Vritra just allowed his body to be thrashed around, getting beaten by the large creature. It didn’t hurt but it was quite bad to be a part of this one-sided fight.

’Looks like this realm won’t be able to hold on for too long.’ Vritra thought. He could already see the space cracking up.

ROAAAAAARRRRRRRRRR

BAANNNGGGGGG!

With an explosive noise, Vritra’s body got thrown dozens of kilometres away. He was really turning into a ball at this moment.

The strange fight continued for nearly thirty minutes, but soon, as Red began to feel a bit exhausted, his sanity once again started to return.

...

Nearly forty minutes had passed. The large monster was now panting and had stopped attacking. In his wild eyes, some sort of intelligence could be seen.

"Sigh looks like it is over." Vritra pulled himself out of the ground and dusted off his clothes, as they regenerated on their own.

Red glanced around at the space and understood Vritra’s plan. If the realm really ended up getting destroyed then he would easily be able to escape.

’B- But how is this possible? How did his body take so much damage and still look perfectly fine? Is this the ability of the Divine?’

Red was utterly shocked at this regeneration and he wanted Vritra to be a part of his organisation even more.

’It’s alright if only I can capture him then getting him on my side won’t be a problem.’

Red made up his mind as he took a deep breath and returned to his original size, taking out a robe and putting it over his body.

"Enough of your games, you have greatly impressed me despite your foul mouth. Now no matter what, I am going to make you join Bone Blood Cult." Red said and began to chant something.

Vritra sensed that things were turning dangerous now and staying here any longer would be not good. Red really might be able to capture him.

"Sure, try it if you can." Vritra smiled and showed him middle fingers.

Then his body fell back freely and right before he would hit the ground a strange portal opened behind him, swallowing him instantly.

"!!!" Red couldn’t believe that a portal could still be opened.

It was just impossible. He rushed forward but it was already too late.

"Damnit, how did he do that? He is a lot more special than even my treasure it seems." Red felt rage and an intense desire to acquire those abilities, but for now, his plan had failed utterly.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...