Chapter 343: The Celebration

"Let’s go inside and check it." Yennefer said, as the two flew into the kingdom.

Right at its entrance, they saw a group of demons who seemed to be guarding the large gates.

Vritra and Yennefer ignored them for now and flew into the kingdom, wherever they looked they saw demons.

The human families were being treated as slaves, lots of houses were destroyed, wherever they looked it was complete and utter chaos.

Vritra flew directly towards the castle, if the soul wraiths were fine then he wouldn’t have to worry so much but now he really felt on edge.

Just halfway through, they saw a group of captured guards who were kneeling on the ground, and were about to get their heads chopped off.

"These demon bastards!!" Yennefer was barely holding back after seeing all these demons but finally she snapped at them.

With a wave of her hand, more than thirty demons were killed in an instant, a heavy pressure descended on the whole area.

"O- Oh, Empress?!!" the guards were shocked as they saw the veiled woman and a weak-looking man beside her.

"Tell me, how did the kingdom fall to this state?" she questioned, clearly sensing Vritra’s growing tension for his family.

"A- After the news of your death spread along with the God of Mercy, the intrusion of the demons increased and then one day they finally started the war.

They attacked the kingdom but we defended haa haa with all our might, not letting them enter through our boundaries.

After a long stalemate, it was the Slave Beast Gang that broke the power balance.

Those bastards attacked us from the inside a- and we quickly lost the war." The guard explained, while clutching his chest.

"I see, and where are all the people who were staying in the castle?" she asked further, even though she might break a rule or two, she would slaughter all the demons along with him.

"Everyone fought against those demons, many were killed and others were captured.

If you want to find them, then go to the castle, everyone must be there." Another guard answered, they stared at Vritra and finally recognized him.

"Y- You are the God of Mercy right? Your friends and those ladies that were with you were also captured."

One of them said hastily, it wasn’t long before all the people were captured so they were all still alive.

The sky was turning dark, all over the kingdom the cheers of the demons could be heard, the castle seemed especially bright.

Vritra didn’t waste a single moment as he flew at full speed.

Yennefer nodded at the guards and then followed behind him, with her being around, she would make sure that no one could hurt Vritra or escape.

’He had grown stronger compared to before entering that realm.’ Yennefer stared at his back before increasing her speed and flying beside him.

Inside the castle, whose walls were painted with blood, demons filled the entire large building.

Some could be seen dragging around humans, live and dead, some were partying, while many were just singing their tales.

Inside the once prosperous hall of the castle, few people could be seen seated on the chairs, while many powerful demons and humans stood around them.

On one seat was Faceless from the Nine Pacts, then Blunder from Bone Blood Cult. On another seat was Slave, the leader of the Slave Beast Gang, and the demon Beast.

"Hahaha This was ten times easier than any of us had expected. You should have seen the expressions of those humans Haha" Slave, the demon in human appearance, laughed hard while raising his glass of wine.

"Good job, I thought you were completely useless, living among the humans, but it wasn’t meaningless after all." Beast slapped his back, throwing more of the wine into his mouth.

The happiest of the group was of course Blunder and Faceless, not only had they successfully taken care of the empress but even that devil who had given them nightmares for weeks.

"kekeke Cheers, This is great Hic I wanted to kill that fool myself but hic this is good too, I was finally able to get rid of him."

Blunder just kept muttering the same thing over and over, like a maniac, he was happier about Vritra’s death than winning the war.

"I am going to score it big this time, everyone is going to know Faceless of the Nine Pacts!!" Faceless shouted, praising himself for the wonderful deeds he had done.

The humans surrounding them were from the Slave Beast Gang and they were hurriedly serving food and drinks to the four.

"Tomorrow morning, let’s publicly kill a few of the officials we have captured. It will greatly motivate our army." Slave said, gulping another glass down.

"Oh right, let me kill just three of those captives, the family of that devil. Even though I wasn’t able to kill him, I can at least kill them."

Blunder said, as he climbed onto the table, laughing even louder.

Just then, the sound of faint footsteps near the entrance of the hall attracted the attention of many, they looked over and were shocked to see an unfamiliar human enter the hall.

All of a sudden, a heavy pressure fell over the hall, the humans and demons surrounding the table were instantly crushed into the ground.

Their bodies burst out creating a bloody mess all across, with just the pressure more than twenty of those demons were killed, while others found it impossible to even raise their heads.

The celebration and laughter suddenly came to a halt, the four men suddenly became sober as they looked at the new entry that made even them feel shivers.

Blunder rubbed his eyes a few times and fell off the table, muttering in disbelief:

"H- How can this be?!! Am I too drunk? V- V- Vritra?!! How can he be here?"

Faceless wasn’t in any better condition, he stumbled back and looked horrified, seeing that sole figure near the entrance.

Slave and Beast frowned, their bodies tensing up, they couldn’t recognize him for a few moments.

"Who is he?" Beast asked, his face hardening as battle intent rose through his body.

Slave waited for an explanation from the other two guys but when he glanced at them he was shocked to see them spasming on the ground, they looked way too horrified.

"I heard he is Vritra, a demon lord in the making from the Dunshire kingdom." Slave said with a shake of his head. Vritra was right now in his original appearance.

TUK TUK

Vritra walked closer, with each step the pressure increased, cracks forming in the walls and pillars.

His gaze was focused on the four men, he stepped over the head of a demon.

With a crunching sound, his head exploded, even the soul was crushed in a seemingly casual step and just like that a demon in the 3rd Legion rank was killed.

"!!!" Blunder and Faceless were even more baffled, Vritra clearly wasn’t using any demonic energy right now but his strength had grown to such a level that they felt fear just by his presence.

"Well hello, mind if I crash your celebration?" Vritra scanned the four, looking at their levels, all of them were in the fifth Legion rank.

"Oh!! Wait hubby, let me grab my popcorn!!"

Yasmine spoke in excitement.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...