Chapter 233: The door

"Hahaha, I am Shitless. All of this was just a prank, there is the camera." Monk Shitless laughed hard as he watched the shocked expression of the crown prince.

The monk gave his best evil laugh while watching the prince just stand there frozen, it wasn’t as good as if they had completed their plan but the reaction was still pretty good.

After staying silent for several minutes, the prince took a deep breath and took a step towards Monk, he placed one arm over Monk’s shoulder before speaking in an affectionate tone:

"As I said our relation goes far beyond bodies, I have fallen in love with your soul so no matter however you look I will accept you.

And maybe this is for the better, now my father would have no interest in you, so Sonia let’s truly become one."

This time Monk Shitless was the one who was terrified, the wide grin froze on his face and an instinctive fear rose from within him.

"No no no no wait wait wait wait, Helllpppppppp Uwaaaaaaaah This is scarryyyyyyy" without wasting a moment, Monk Shitless fled from the room as the crown prince tried to embrace him.

After escaping from the room, Monk Shitless ran out like a mad bull and stopped upon seeing Vritra: "P- Pitiful one, help me, the prince has gone crazy!!"

"Congratulations, now you have finally found true love in your true form. Always be happy, and live as the future queen of the Blue Kingdom, goodbye Sir Shitless." Vritra said and then he disappeared.

"Noooooo Young masterrrrrr Please don’t abandon meeeeee" Monk Shitless screamed in terror, feeling a sense of déjà vu as he ran out of the castle and soon found his Bullo.

...

After separating from the monk, Vritra headed towards his room. It was getting dark and it was time for them to eat dinner, the days had been rather peaceful and they were gradually progressing though it seemed Vritra could only grow when stuck in trouble.

The relationship between the three women had already become quite better, they were more like friends. Diana was the oldest in the group but Vanessa was the mature one.

’I wonder if the men from the Golden Moon took care of those Grieves and Nine Pacts.’ Vritra thought. He had been patiently waiting for Dark Knight and the Hellmancer to finish the absorption of the demon lord’s energy, after that he would get several new and stronger slaves.

Opening the door to his room, Vritra found the three women chatting.

"Shall we head to the dinner?" he asked and the four of them headed towards the dining table, he explained everything to them and all three of them felt a lot more relaxed.

And just like that another day passed in peace.

Returning to his room, Vritra trained a couple of rounds with his mother and then the two slept comfortably in each other’s room.

***

Early in the morning the next day, they followed the same schedule.

After eating breakfast, they headed to the Small Forest for hunting but this day was going to be anything but peaceful.

"It was fine just a few minutes earlier but doesn’t it feel a little hot all of a sudden?" Diana asked as she took out the paper fan.

"Yeah it does, Fiona do you feel strange about this heat?" Vritra asked, caressing her palms gently.

"Not strange or anything, but it has the same feeling as the heat energy I can generate... just like the phoenix’s." she answered, feeling unsure about it herself.

"Hmmm it does sound unusual, maybe some sort of big change is about to happen." Yasmine added.

"The heat today is higher than the previous times we have felt it, this is not normal, the weather should be getting colder instead of hot." Vanessa said, lazily leaning her head over Vritra’s shoulder.

Diana glanced at the two women and felt jealous, she had been trying to get close to him especially after that last incident; it was like she was left hungry and with each passing day she craved him more and more.

Soon the carriage arrived at their destination, as usual they headed into the Small Forest while the coachman went to a nearby hotel after parking the carriage and feeding the horses.

"Start your training, I will be hunting demons nearby." Vritra said after they had walked a bit deep into the forest, then he flew away while the three women began finding demons along with the two soul wraiths.

Today their levels will certainly rise high enough that they might be able to enter the Legion rank.

...

After hours of hunting, Vritra sensed the presence of another demon and he decided to kill one more before heading back, he had already killed five 1st Legion ranked demons.

On the other hand, Vanessa, Diana and Fiona defeated another demon over level 800 and finally decided to rest.

They sat on the chair and began discussing their battle strategies and mistakes but then they sensed some sort of change around them.

Everything was getting too hot, few of the trees had even started to burn. The three women stood up in shock and stared at their surroundings in bewilderment.

"W- What’s going on? It feels too hot all of a sudden." Diana muttered, her breathing getting faster and her clothes already drenched in sweat.

"I don’t think we should stay here any longer, let’s just leave. It might be something dangerous." Vanessa said, as she glanced at the two soul wraiths who just stood there in confusion.

In the next moment, Vritra appeared beside them. He abandoned the idea of killing that final demon and upon sensing the change decided to return to his family.

"Honey, do you know what’s happening?" Vanessa asked as the three women turned to him.

"No, let’s just leave for now—" Vritra had just started to speak when suddenly a big explosion rang out in the sky and everything seemed to be covered by a layer of red.

The sky, land, everything looked as if they were burning in the most intense flames.

The four of them closed their eyes momentarily as the blinding light hit them and when they looked at their surroundings they were shocked to see a majestic door hovering in the air.

The door seemed to be made entirely of flames, it was so big in size and looked as if it could burn the world, and Phoenix made of the same flames were flying around it.

"An Inheritance!!" Vritra and Yasmine exclaimed at the same time upon seeing that door, and all the changes finally made sense.

"So it was a Phoenix inheritance, no wonder Fiona felt like that." Vritra understood, after thinking for a moment he decided to check it out.

"Let’s go." He nodded at others and started flying towards the door bringing them along with the help of dust.

"This is not just any inheritance, it will bring great benefits for Fiona. She should definitely enter it." Yasmine said, a faint excitement in her voice.

Vritra nodded, he touched the entrance of the opened door and felt as if some sort of barrier was present there, despite applying some force he couldn’t get in.

"Hmm looks like only the ones with Phoenix bloodline could enter it..." Vritra concluded, this thing has been following Fiona and finally opened right at her location.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...