Chapter 656 Blood Demon

Vritra lay in the carriage, his head resting in Vanessa's lap, as they chatted while travelling.

For any approaching mutant, one spiritual burst was enough, most had their heads explode.

So even while resting he was earning sin points and increasing his attributes, this was far better than walking in the snow.

Vanessa fed him spicy snacks, though sometimes she would lean down to sweeten his mouth with sultry kisses, as she was eating chocolate candies.

"Hmm Mom, pause here for a minute." Vritra said, as Vanessa's lips separated from his.

"Alright honey." The mature succubus only needed a thought as the wolves stopped moving.

"What's wrong, hubby?" Yasmine asked, yawning.

"It's nothing much, I just sensed a bunch of corpses not too far away, just keep sleeping." Vritra said as he sat up and walked out of the carriage.

Yennefer, Maeve and Teresa too got out to stretch, they had been travelling for over an hour, though the carriage was spacious but the ride wasn't very smooth.

"Ughh The stench is so strong here, like a lot of corpses have been rotting away." Wrinkling her nose, the demoness muttered.

Vritra chuckled, tapping over her nose gently.

"That's why I suggested you should just stay inside, Yenni could control the air flow and stop the stench." Vritra said with a shrug.

Then turning he looked around, finding himself standing in front of a big shopping complex.

"Wait here, I will be back in a minute." He said, before flashing away at full speed.

The boots he got last time were really a great help, helping him break past the limits of 100 attribute points.

He needed more skills and treasures to increase his strength further and all that could only be obtained from the sin wheel.

It was still bright outside but as he entered the humidity and darkness both enveloped him.

The inside of the mall was actually a bit hot, and the stench was even stronger here.

'This heat was probably caused by some mutant.' Vritra thought as he walked closer to the stench while covering his nose with Vanessa's fragrant handkerchief.

As he climbed onto the third floor, Vritra instantly noticed pieces of flesh spread all over the floor.

He saw a casino in the distance and the heat from inside was way too high, even the walls were affected by it.

Slowly he moved forward, and soon saw a big pile of rotten corpses, there were hundreds of corpses and the number increased as he continued forward.

'What… sort of place is this even?' frowning, he continued and soon saw a big pile of flesh glowing with an orange colour.

The torso of the mutant was extremely fat while its limbs and head were very tiny, it was almost like a giant ball.

"So this thing was the reason behind the heat?" it actually seemed very strong and dozens of corpses lay all around it.

It seemed to be sleeping right now, otherwise it would have attacked Vritra already.

'Thankfully I had hidden my presence with spiritual power.' He sighed then took out the spear and scanned the mutant.

Its internal body structure had changed greatly, the brain and heart had all been pushed to the centre of the big flesh ball.

Walking closer to the mutant, Vritra started to feel very hot, it was almost like a big fireball.

Thankfully he possessed fire resistance after his fight with Bull.

Positioning the spear carefully, he thrust it forward with all his strength.

[Blood Manipulation Activated!]

GRRRAAAAAAAAAAA!!

A terrifying roar instantly sounded across the mall and outside, the big mutant had woken up.

Even the blood had transformed into lava-like liquid but Vritra could still control it, he stabbed the creature's brain.

And used its blood to destroy all the internal organs quickly without giving it any chance to counterattack.

RARRRRRRRRRRR

The large ball trembled violently, trying to throw off the attacker but the spear continued to thrust forward, soon destroying its brain completely.

'This mutant, despite having its brain injured could still live, it was truly very powerful.' Vritra thought as he pulled back the spear, various messages flashing before his eyes.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +3,153}

"!!!" the number of sin points shocked him, this meant this mutant was as strong as the danger at the military base.

If a proper fight had broken out, Vritra might have had to escape.

[You have obtained the Fire Flesh Ascension Path!]

Then another message popped.

"Oh, this is nice!" Vritra exclaimed, but he wondered if he should use it or give it to Fiona.

After all, fire suited her more.

But looking at all the corpses around, he decided to think about that later.

Without wasting any time, he started touching all the corpses one by one as satisfying messages flashed before him.

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a dead body +18}

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a dead body +22}

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a dead body +27}

…

There were a lot of corpses, it took a while before Vritra was finished then he glanced at the sin points.

Even his stats had increased after killing that fire mutant.

{Sin Points: 23,024}

"Not bad, let's draw rewards with 500 sin points, use them all." He said as an ethereal wheel started to spin before him.

It seemed his luck was really shining as the very first message shocked him.

[You have obtained the Blood Demon Ascension Path!!]

[You have obtained 10,000 packets of cookies.]

[You have obtained 2 Strength attribute points.]

…

Exactly, forty-six messages popped before him.

First he scanned the number of attribute points.

[6 Strength, 8 Agility, 4 Endurance, 2 Spiritual, 4 Free Attribute points.]

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 97)

(Agility: 100)

(Endurance: 98.3)

(Spiritual: 100)

{Free Attribute: 4}

』

"My Spiritual attribute was already overflowing and now even agility has reached 100, let's use the free attribute first." He mumbled and filled them up.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 100)

(Agility: 100)

(Endurance: 99.3)

(Spiritual: 100)

{Free Attribute: 0}

』

He was so close, just 0.7 more points in Endurance and all of them would reach 100, then he could use the ascension paths.

"Oh right, I got the Blood Demon Ascension Path, looks like it is really in my fate to be a demon." Since he already had two ascension paths, he decided to give the fire body to Fiona.

They would be getting a lot more in the future anyway.

"Time to leave." He muttered and disappeared, his speed even higher than before.

Even aside from those players, there must be many humans on this planet who had already gotten their ascension paths.

Not to mention the mutants seemed to develop their own ascension paths, so their strength hit no bottlenecks.

As Vritra arrived outside he saw his wives waiting for him, thankfully no trouble arrived in the meantime.

"Dear, are you done?" Diana looked at him tenderly, making sure he was not injured.

"Yes, and this was a rather lucky place…" Vritra began to explain, laughing lightly.

While chatting they got into their carriages and once again the journey continued, only to come to an abrupt halt just a minute later.

With a frown, Vritra opened his eyes and looked quizzically at Vanessa: "Mom, what's wrong?"

But without her answering, he already sensed the outside situation.

"There are people outside surrounding our carriages." Vanessa said in a serious tone.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...