Chapter 145: BBC

"Our Lord is gone...?" Morvik spoke in a twisted voice, feeling so enraged that he wanted to destroy the entire kingdom.

"Should we turn Dunshire upside down to find that thief bastard? He must still be in here. I don’t understand how he was able to control our Lord’s core so fast, but he definitely isn’t too strong," Silquor said, his old and frail body swaying in the air as if he had just aged a couple dozen years in an instant.

"No, we can’t do that. This might be a small kingdom without even a single Legion-ranked warrior, but even without doing anything we have attracted so many pesky bugs. What do you think will happen if we create even a little trouble?

Not to mention, we need this place to bring back our Lord. And if others were to know that the labyrinth is the hiding place of our Lord, they would remove every trace of it just to get rid of a future problem," Thaddeus said, even though he was the angriest in the group.

"Damnit, who would dare to steal the core right in front of us? It seems they had planned this for a long time, but how did they even get to know about this? Have any of you told your subordinates about our Lord’s core?" Morvik asked, his voice full of suspicion.

"No," the other two shook their heads at the same time. Why would they disclose such an important matter to anyone?

The three looked at each other skeptically. Either one of them was lying, or worse yet—one of the three generals just might be a traitor who couldn’t stay loyal to a dead general.

"Sigh. There is no point in doubting one another right now. We all know how loyal the three of us are to the Lord. Let’s search the entire kingdom for any traces.

Whether you find anything or not, we will gather right at the labyrinth after 12 hours," Thaddeus said as all of them flew in different directions, dangerous auras bubbling around their bodies.

******

Inside the labyrinth, Vritra and Yasmine both had a long and nice sleep. They slept for over twelve hours and finally woke up to the sound of fighting.

Vritra lazily opened his eyes and glanced around. His three soul wraiths were still busy fighting, while Yasmine rested over his body. It took him a few seconds before he remembered exactly what happened—he had accidentally swallowed the core of a Demon Lord.

After that, all he remembered was the intense pain. Vritra looked down at his messy clothes that were torn and covered in blood.

At least his body was perfectly fine now, without any injury. But inside his essence core, he could feel the presence of something... a very dangerous and explosive presence, which seemed like a time bomb.

"You are awake?" Yasmine’s tired voice came out. It would take more time for her to restore her energy.

"Yeah, are you fine?" Vritra asked as he caressed the head of the ethereal dragon resting over his body, releasing a long sigh.

"Fine?" As if a new energy had filled her body, Yasmine suddenly rose and looked at him with frustration, before venting out:

"I can’t even understand how you could attract so much trouble left and right. Let’s talk about the murder of the king—that’s definitely a big conspiracy, and now we have become a part of it.

The person that was hiding there, I’m not sure, but the stench I smelled there and how things were done, I have a strong feeling that it must be that lunatic cult—"

Vritra interrupted her, trying to lighten up the mood: "Lunatic cunt?"

"NO JOKES!!" Yasmine scolded.

"Okay, sorry." Vritra sat silently as Yasmine continued in a frustrated voice.

"Huff. The lunatic cult—or as it is called, Bone Blood Cult—" Yasmine spoke, and Vritra tried to lighten the mood again.

"BBC?"

"..."

"Sigh. Fine, please continue."

"Even if the Nine Pacts is evil and causes trouble everywhere, at least they have a motive—a goal they wish to achieve and go to any lengths to reach it. But Bone Blood Cult is completely different.

Every person in there is a lunatic who wants nothing more than to cause trouble, see bloodshed everywhere, and they are the most fucked up in the brain. If you believe Nine Pacts is evil, then understand they are only 1% evil compared to those crazy people.

Those cultists might not be as strong as the Golden Moon or Nine Pacts, but they are just as dangerous—if not more," Yasmine said, and Vritra finally became serious. He understood that the whole situation was extremely dangerous.

"And now somehow we are caught up in a plan of theirs. Killing the king will definitely cause a lot of trouble, and this trouble might end up on our heads too.

Next, with how much I know about the people at the top of the Nine Pacts— even though all you had killed were lowest-ranked members— it is a stain for them, and they value their fearsome reputation a great deal. I’m sure they must have already sent at least one team of strong men to hunt us down.

Sigh. Next, those three demon generals... they are way too strong for the current you.

If we end up being caught by them, then death would be the biggest mercy they could show us. I can’t believe there are three top-level powers at play in this kingdom, and we are somehow intertwined with all three of them," Yasmine finally finished her banter.

"Looks like my plan to leave this kingdom peacefully won’t be coming true. If we avoid the three demon generals, then we would be fine.

As for BBC—since they are lunatics, how can we predict how they will act? And as for Nine Pacts, they would need some time to find me, right? That just means we have to leave this kingdom as soon as possible," Vritra spoke, feeling a headache.

"Before we deal with any of those, we need to set up some rules, since you are carrying a bomb in your body," Yasmine interrupted.

"Uh... sure, go ahead." He nodded.

"Even though that core is currently covered by a barrier, there is a chance it might erupt at some point. So you have to be careful not to let anything affect that core.

Keep your emotions in check—when you are asleep or... or unconscious. Yes, especially when you are unconscious, you have to be even more careful. If that power really gets out, then along with you, this kingdom and much more might turn into ashes," Yasmine spoke solemnly.

"I understand..." Vritra nodded, though he wasn’t sure how he was supposed to control it if he was unconscious. Then he added, "Is there anything else?"

"Yes, can you try not to get into trouble? Especially such dangerous ones?" Yasmine said weakly, before getting back to resting over him.

"...I will try." Vritra shrugged his shoulder. He then glanced at the soul wraiths as they slaughtered the countless demons.

After resting for a bit longer, it was finally time to return to the castle. Too much had happened in just one night, and the danger bar had gone to the highest point. They had to get out of the kingdom as soon as possible.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...