Chapter 402: Abandoned? [R-18]

"How is the condition outside?" Diana asked. She sat on top of Vritra in the bathtub, her back pressed against his chest.

Beside them, Fiona relaxed, leaning onto him. This liquid created by the goddess was truly magical.

"It is anything but peaceful—there is quite a lot going on," Vritra answered, scooping some of the liquid and dripping it on top of Diana’s breasts before squeezing them lightly.

"Whether it be demons, humans, dragons, or any organization, they all seem to be on the move." Vritra explained a few things; thankfully for now they could stay away from all that.

"Wouldn’t it be better for you to just stay here?" Fiona asked. Knowing how dangerous their enemies were, she was really worried about him.

"Maybe, but only for a while. But don’t worry, those people won’t be at peace either. I will make things right as soon as possible," Vritra spoke, fully aware how most people were there just to take advantage of all the chaos.

"Okay, enough about all that, for now forget about it and just relax." Diana tilted her head, her palm against his cheek, and kissed Vritra’s lips.

The temperature in the bathroom rose quickly; turning the goddess around, Vritra felt her petals biting onto the length of his cock.

"Angggg~ Hnnnn~" the goddess grinded her lower body against his, the hunger inside her increasing for his hard penis.

Fiona cupped Vritra’s cheek, giving him a passionate kiss.

Her soft pink tongue sneaked into his mouth, entangling with Vritra’s tongue as the two tasted each other.

This would have been even more exciting if only the succubus mommy was here.

As the kiss broke, Vritra latched onto Diana’s nipple, sucking hard on it and nibbling on the soft bud, making the goddess moan wildly.

Vritra held her butt and raised her body, his fingers sinking into the soft buttery flesh.

Diana held his penis and pointed it at her entrance, teasing herself with his tip.

SMACK

A slapping sound rang out as Vritra brought her body down, his cock plunging deep into her body, leaving the goddess out of breath.

"Hnngggg~ D- Dear, I love you Mmmm~ aaaaaaaah~" Diana’s moans sounded like music, her insides becoming a mess under the constant thrusts.

The two women hugged him tightly; Vritra’s fingers slid inside Fiona’s pussy, the tight flesh squeezing tightly as her juices splashed onto his hand.

The three spent quite some time inside the bathroom before returning to their bedroom, after which they just lay on the bed, naked under the sheets.

Just talking about various stuff, relaxing, and enjoying each other’s company.

"Has the princess said something about Mom?"

Vritra asked, both the women using each of his arms as a pillow while Vritra caressed and squeezed their breasts.

He pinched and pressed their nipples, making them moan slightly as he played with the hard pink buds.

"Yeah, she has already passed haa haa three parts of the t- test, the princess Mmmm~ told us that her s- speed is rather fast," Diana replied, a current of pleasure originating from her boob and traveling across her body.

"And how many of these tests are there, exactly?" Vritra had his eyes half closed as he questioned.

"Even she doesn’t know; the p- princess was never hnggg~ able to enter since she was not c- chosen.

But from Mom’s progress Hmmm~ so far, the princess huff is quite optimistic and s- said that it won’t be long ahh~ before she comes out," Fiona replied, feeling his skin press directly against her own.

"My poor mother-in-law, she must be going through a lot to pass each of these tests." Yasmine spoke, releasing a sigh.

’You know something about it?’ Vritra hoped that he could get more info about it from her.

"Not really, the customs and system of each race are different, but when she comes out, she will be a lot different," she added.

Vritra could only wait for her return; this was her challenge and opportunity so there was nothing he could do.

’Right, I forgot to ask you about increasing my level. Now that I have reached the General rank, how do I progress from here?

The experience meter shows 100%, yet I am not leveling up, do I need something else?’ remembering his doubt, he questioned.

"No, you don’t need a stone or anything. First of all, you have to raise your Field’s comprehension to above 50%, only then you would have a chance of growing further," Yasmine answered firmly.

’Chance? I understand not every general rank can reach the lord rank, but are there any specific requirements?’ Vritra felt confused about this power progression; it was rather simple so far.

"Well, yeah, comprehension and talent are the biggest factors; there are other factors like your physique and all, but you of all don’t have to worry about it.

So, for now, you just have to increase the comprehension of any of your single fields or maybe all, I am not sure about that part..." Yasmine said thoughtfully.

’Hmm, comprehension. Just taking the normal path will take too long, I guess I need to get more sin points, but how do I do it here?

If only this was the white kingdom, I could fill them all within a few days.’ He sighed, getting so much attention in a place and at a time where such dangerous enemies lurk in the shadows—isn’t that suicide?

"Haa, sin points. Hmm..." After a short pause, the dragon waifu suggested, "There are quite a lot of succubi here, maybe we can use them to farm sin points?"

’Yeah, I thought about it at first too, but although it might work initially, I won’t be able to gather a lot of sin points here.’

Of course, he could think of a few ways with which he could actually get a whole lot of sin points from these succubi but he would rather not choose those paths.

"Well, in any case, let’s think of something after going out—let’s just relax for now." Yasmine said in a tired tone, the danger was high yet their options were limited.

The sky was turning dark, so after a short rest the three ate dinner and then did some before-sleeping exercise and finally fell asleep in each other’s arms.

***

Near the boundary of Ghazi city and close to Zelum city, inside a hotel room, the fox demon lay with a bored expression.

She had started missing Vritra already; if she wanted, then she could just break the pact and leave, but there was nothing good back at her home.

All demons were filled with tricks and deceit, wishing to use her for their goals—even her brother and mother were the same.

Things were bad enough when her father was alive but in a war a long time ago her father had died, and things only became worse after that.

The strength of the family decreased greatly, though it stabilized a bit after she and her brother became lords, but it was nowhere near what it used to be.

The impossible task of stealing the Aven family’s heirloom was given to her by her mother just to buy her freedom.

Getting away from those people was a dream come true for her.

"Huff, Master, he won’t abandon me too, right?" Maeve mumbled, a strange light flashing in her eyes.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...