Chapter 483: God’s Punishment

The message from Sixty was sent to all the members of the Divine Kage organization, that he had already dealt with the new Divine.

But it wasn’t long before he sent another message, asking for help.

Yet before help could be sent out, they all sensed that Sixty had been killed.

There were exactly hundred members in the Divine Kage, and all of them were spread over different parts of the planet.

So just as Sixty had died, not all members could go there in time, only the bases which were close enough could go there to clear the threat.

Still exactly thirty nine members gathered, the highest among them being number Fifty.

The others were too far, spread in different realms and busy with various challenges.

But still they were sure, those men alone would be enough to deal with a new Divine, since he was still in the early stages of his growth.

Not to mention, number Fifty was going there too, who could even use the god’s power once.

A power similar to what had almost killed Yasmine before.

So they had full confidence of winning, even if things went wrong somehow, they would still be able to escape with their abilities.

The group of thirty nine members gathered outside the continent, they couldn’t see inside since it was all covered by the strange domain that had spread over such a large distance.

"There is actually someone who could summon a domain this big?" Number Fifty was completely different from all below him, he seemed more humane though he was far from one.

All the men were dressed in the same white clothes which looked like an officer uniform, only number Fifty’s was different with a different pattern over his chest.

One of the men flew ahead and stood beside their temporary leader, asking in an almost robotic tone.

"Should we try to break it?"

"Hmm..." Going closer to the domain wall, Fifty touched the strange surface, instantly feeling pain in his arm.

His skin, flesh and bone suddenly started to rot, and he felt weakened.

Pulling his arm back, he shook his head and commanded: "There is no need to waste your energy on this, I have something to deal with this."

Just as he spoke, he took out a metallic heavy shield.

Looking back, he pointed at one of the men and instructed: "Your only job inside is to hold this shield high and fill it with your mana, don’t stop or let this shield separate from you."

"Yes Fifty." Nodding, the man took the shield and began channelling his mana inside it, instantly all thirty nine of them got covered by a faint barrier.

The spherical covers wouldn’t protect them physically but it would greatly reduce the effect of the domain.

"Let’s enter." Finally the group entered, and was shocked by the condition of the continent.

It was in complete ruin.

"I heard the new Divine isn’t evil, so why would he destroy the whole continent?" Fifty paused for a moment and questioned.

"Fifty, we received a report that it all happened after Oracle from the Golden Moon killed his mother, making him go berserk and... he burned down the whole continent." One of them gave the report they had received from Sixty, even telling about the death of so many lords and armies.

"Hmm Oracle..." Fifty nodded, and finally the group flew inside, within moments arriving inside the Cloud City.

The condition there was even worse, bodies rotting all over the place, the land covered with magma, radiations and other sorts of energies.

"There he is, target locked. Waiting for command." One after another they all said the same thing as they gazed up at the demonic figure who looked quite strange and was acting weirdly.

"What is he doing?" Fifty just stared at Vritra for a few moments, then he commanded:

"You, help all these remaining people out of here and return at the earliest."

"Yes Fifty." One of the Divine Kage instantly took all the injured men out of the continent.

Meanwhile, in the sky, Vritra found it hard to stop himself from causing further destruction.

It was as if he hadn’t slept for weeks and now he had to try with all his might to stay awake, while lying on the bed comfortably.

He tried to deactivate the skills but couldn’t, he tried to dispel the deadly energy from around his body, yet failed.

Suddenly he sensed several presences arriving near the ground.

He looked down and saw many figures dressed in white, and Vritra once again lost the control of his body.

BANG

Kicking the air he flew at full speed towards the group, punching a man, his fist burning with extreme energy.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM

Fifty arrived in front of Vritra just in time, blocking the punch with both his hands as he got smashed into the ground.

Creating a human shaped crater.

"His strength is higher than I expected, CHARGE!" Fifty climbed out of the ground and commanded, dusting off his clothes before attacking Vritra as well.

Unlike Sixty none of them let their guards down, using their greatest abilities and treasures.

Yet most of them could barely survive against Vritra’s attack.

The man holding the shield, sensing Vritra’s punch descending upon him, hastily and instinctively raised the shield he was holding.

"Nooo! Get away!" Fifty shouted, while trying to get closer yet he was a moment late.

"Uh oh, Detected mistak-"

DOOOOOOOOH

The shield stopped the attack but for a moment, it broke into countless pieces as the punch landed over his chest.

All of them instantly got affected by the effects of the domain, their bodies weakening and slowly rotting.

COUGH

The man got blown several kilometres away, most of his torso blown away.

But thanks to the shield his life was safe, for now.

"Ugh I don’t have more of that artifact, try to hold him back for twenty seconds." Fifty said and flew back.

Then he took out a token from his storage, holding it tight and poured all his mana into it.

The token began to light up with a bright white colour, spreading throughout the city.

The remaining thirty eight men all faced Vritra, using their teamwork to somehow protect themselves against that monster.

His strength clearly far surpassed even all of their combined, not even Fifty would be able to handle him now.

Their only chance of victory was by using the token of God’s punishment, though the god himself receives punishment for meddling directly after it.

Just like what happened in Yasmine’s case.

And the person using it might be killed as well by the god himself.

But if they could kill the Divine it was all worth it.

Vritra sensed the dangerous energy in the token, his body moved on its own, trying to break it before Fifty succeeded.

But all the men launched a combined attack, using all their strength to push him back.

And that was all the time that Fifty needed, the token disintegrated into tiny pieces and spread through the air.

A bright light filled the sky, clouds disappearing completely.

Then one extremely big finger, big enough to destroy a city with just pressure, descended towards Vritra.

It was a direct attack from the god and no one on the planet stands a chance against it.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...