Chapter 518 Docile

For the members to choose between freedom and slavery, the choice was pretty simple actually.

All thirty two of them instantly decided to keep seated, of course they chose to live.

Soon the angry middle aged man got close to the council hall, shouting even more ferociously.

"How dare you kill my son!! This is revolt, you can not be Yasmine, she would never have killed her kind." Pausing in the air outside the hall, he waited.

"Haa Does any of you want to challenge me like him?" Yasmine gazed over all the men who just shook their heads.

Some were just afraid while few felt Yasmine was a way better ruler, they were tired of working under Dago.

"Good, hubby, let's go." Yasmine said, and the two walked out of the hall.

Dago's father was quite surprised at first, Yasmine still looked the same as always.

He couldn't imagine how she could have survived through all that.

Then he looked at Vritra but felt no danger, so he shifted his attention back to the dragoness.

"Who the hell are you? You will be punished for killing my son, what are you all doing just sitting inside? Have you all submitted to her already?" he screamed in frustration.

"…" but none replied.

"So you are planning to stand against me? No way, you would accept me as the ruler?" Yasmine asked calmly.

On the other hand, Rago was going mad with rage, he just wanted to kill her.

The news of his son's death had shaken him to the core.

"Hubby, can you take care of him?" Yasmine said, it would be a waste to kill a powerful lord ranked dragon, so they would do something else.

"Yup." Vritra smiled and took a step forward, standing before his wife.

"And who the fuck are you?" Rago asked, squinting his eyes hard but failed to recognise him.

"You don't need to know that, also no one will remember you after you are gone. Psyche…" Vritra called out lazily as a shadowy figure suddenly rushed towards Rago.

"Wha" but before he had a chance to react, Psyche appeared before him and had placed both its palms over his head.

Rago's eyes turned completely white, his body seemed stiff but no matter how much he tried he couldn't get himself free.

Aside from Psyche's ability to possess people, now that it was so powerful after devouring so many lords, it could even erase a person's entire existence and redesign it in whatever way the wraith wanted.

"…" the struggle lasted only for a few seconds, and soon, Rago was gone.

He died but his body and soul remained, the real Rago though was already dead.

A couple minutes passed and Rago opened his eyes, the rage was all gone, only calm was left now.

Psyche disappeared, returning to the wraith storage.

"E Empress, you are back!" Rago muttered in surprise, seeming completely docile now.

"Hubby, this ability is quite handy." Yasmine muttered, she wanted to give her husband a passionate kiss right there and then but couldn't do it so openly.

"E Empress, you are back!" Rago muttered in surprise, seeming completely docile now.

"Hubby, this ability is quite handy." Yasmine muttered, she wanted to give her husband a passionate kiss right there and then but couldn't do it so openly.

The three headed back inside and when all of them saw the docile Rago, they shivered, had they tried to fight, would they be turned into something like that too?

Going forward the rest of the meeting went quite smoothly, Yasmine explained all the things she needed to change.

And all council members agreed, although reluctantly.

Vritra just sat there silently, observing the reactions of all the members.

There were a few who seemed strange, like they still couldn't accept or didn't want to accept that she had returned.

And he had a feeling that they might try something.

Maybe they were in cahoots with the demons?

Vritra just couldn't trust anyone, so he put all his soul wraiths to trail them.

All wraiths, except the new Chimera, that wraith was too destructive and could only be used in battles.

It wasn't long before the meeting ended, Yasmine dismissed them all, as the members got to work.

The next few days would be quite busy for them all and even Yasmine.

"Haa Hubby, let's call mom and others here, let's take a tour of our kingdom together." Yasmine suggested, she snuggled close to him while sitting over his chest.

"Yeah, I did promise to call them here. But firstly, about that Titan race and that Oblivion tornado realm… where can I find the information about them?" he asked.

"Hmm You can try at Maeve's organization, though I doubt they would know much. My safest bet would be one of the top five families, the Star family, who possess a vast amount of knowledge and information.

It is just all that information that made them rise to such a level." She replied, pressing her face against his neck, giving soft kisses.

"Alright, let's go there after this." Vritra nodded, after discussing a few more things, the two left the hall as well.

"Looks like I need a new palace, I don't want to live in that place. Sigh it will take quite long." Yasmine sighed, Dago had rebuilt the whole palace, breaking the old one.

Even with special abilities the whole process would take quite long.

"Not really, you see I can create it really quickly. Do you want the palace to look exactly like before?" Vritra questioned, as he walked in front of the palace.

"Uhm Yes." The dragoness nodded, she was yet to see the extent of his strength or how much his dust manipulation had improved.

"Alright, just wait a minute." Vritra remembered the palace from bits and pieces of Yasmine's memories he had seen before.

Then closing his eyes, Vritra extended both his hands and got to work.

First, he made the existing palace turn to dust, everything inside, the beds, portraits, gems, everything.

Of course, the servants had already been asked to leave the place.

Under Yasmine's gaze, the whole palace crumbled, turning to dust.

And in the next instant it started to assemble, the dust taking different forms.

Vritra's control had grown to such an extent that he was even able to turn the dust particles into all sorts of metals or other things.

She continued to watch as room after room, all the materials, everything was getting built just as she remembered.

He wasn't missing even a detail, of course he didn't possess any memory of few places so he asked her about it.

Within a couple of minutes, a brand new palace was standing before them, it was completely ready down to the very last detail.

The beds, the bathroom, there was everything.

"Whoa Hubby, that… was so cool." Yasmine stared at the palace in shock, it instantly brought back so many memories from her childhood.

She giggled and jumped into his arm, giving a kiss on his lips.

"Alright, let's bring them here first."

Vritra concentrated and opened a portal using the Null, connecting it to the exit of the dragon realm while the other was connected to the women's location.

Thankfully they were all together.

Fiona, Diana, Maeve and Vanessa, all excitedly entered the portal as Vritra called them.

"Wow, this place is really beautiful." Maeve muttered, looking around at the dragon kingdom.

It was the first time she was here after all, as a demon, if she entered she would have been killed.

❖❖❖