Chapter 72: Fall! Fall! Fall!

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +1023}

{Sin Point Gained: Despised +14,276}

{Sin Point Gained: Threatened +10,132}

{Sin Point Gained: Pleasured +2}

...

For a straight half an hour, Vritra gave a hard beating to all the participants—though it seemed a couple of them enjoyed it quite a bit—while the audience was horrified. For thirty minutes, Vritra received message after message, as his sin points increased rapidly.

Uranus was going crazy, but Vritra hadn’t really broken any rule, so he couldn’t do anything.

He just kept shouting from the outside at this one-sided slaughter. It was like those grown-up warriors had become kids and they were being beaten by their parents.

"H- He really is Daddy. I pity those thousand warriors. Are they going to be alright? Look at those red marks, and what is that stick made of? Why hasn’t it broken already?"

"Sigh, I can’t watch this anymore. He is just so hateful. Just let me enter the fighting area and I will beat the crap out of him."

"Is that so? Then here you go."

"Ahhh! Baldie, what are you doing? Ughhh, s- sorry, I was just joking. I didn’t actually mean to enter the arena, f- forgive me Daddy V, t- that baldie pushed me. Aaaaaaah!!"

Finally, Vritra paused after beating up all the warriors and one additional person from the audience. He noticed that the number of points was reducing since the audience’s emotions hadn’t changed much after watching the beating for so long.

"Now, I won’t use my weapon and won’t attack anyone. You are free to go ahead and attack me however you want. Don’t you want those shitty guard positions?" Vritra threw away the stick and stood still, his tone mocking, as another wave of points came.

"Die, you dirty, tricky bastard. I am going to slash you into a thousand pieces."

"You demon! I told you n- not to hit my sob face. Now who is going to marry me? All my girlfriends are going to leave me... sob... those older girlfriends."

"Brothers, let’s attack this red man together. If we don’t kill him today, then we are not sons of one father."

Thousands of enraged men charged forward. Many instantly shot spells, and others waved their weapons at Vritra, while the audience cheered them on. They all wanted to see this man being killed.

But Vritra just casually walked around, slightly twisting or turning his body as he easily dodged all those attacks. Another wave of sin points began to appear.

Just like that, the competition continued. Whenever Vritra noticed that the number of points was getting lower, he would again do something even more ridiculous that enraged everyone even further.

Hours passed while the audience experienced all kinds of emotions. By the end, several people from the audience had jumped from their seats into the fighting area to kill Vritra themselves, only to get beaten so badly.

Slowly, the number of people on the stage kept decreasing as more and more were either thrown out of the fighting area or jumped out in terror. Diana and Vanessa were extremely confused, wondering why Vritra was doing all this.

They knew that this wasn’t his personality, but they found it all too funny. Yasmine kept laughing the entire time—she had never laughed so much in her life.

The battle was supposed to end by two or three in the afternoon, but it was already evening, and the sky had started to darken. The fight was still going on—no, this wasn’t a fight, this was just Vritra’s farming land.

At one point, the number of people had reached even more than twenty thousand, and the public collectively hated just one person. It was all too ridiculous.

Finally, only fifty-one people remained on the stage. Vritra stood on one side and fifty others fearfully looked at him. Their bodies were bruised and battered, they were bleeding badly and kept shivering. All their bravado had completely disappeared.

"You fifty are the finest shit among the ones who had come here to become lowly guards. It is a great accomplishment for you all to still be standing despite all the beatings. You could be called the Bitches in Britches!!" Vritra continued to mock them as he walked along the boundary of the fighting area.

"W- What do you want? Sob... I have a young mother at home. Who is going to feed her? Please let me go. My father only has one leg. I brought his fake leg here to fight. Please let me leave."

"Ughhh... M- My heart is bleeding... I need to get my balls treated... My sister just got pregnant, and the child needs a father. You can take her if you want."

Vritra ignored their comments, as he gazed at the red-faced Uranus, who was standing near the boundary and seemed as if he was about to go berserk.

"Mr. Host, are you alright? Do you need some help?" Vritra stopped at the boundary and leaned forward, his hands resting over his knees.

THUCK

Just then, the stone under Vritra’s feet broke, and his body swayed forward. The audience once again became excited. They prayed and cheered for him to fall forward.

"Fall! Fall! Fall! If gods really exist, then you won’t let a cheater like him win."

"I will go to temple daily and give away all my wealth. O God, please make him fall."

{Sin Point Gained: Excited +20,597}

{Sin Point Gained: Encouraged +19,911}

...

Vritra tried to balance himself as he pulled back, his body still swinging in the air.

"Nooooo! Fooo Foooo, please fall down." The crowd was even blowing air to make him fall, but it seemed Vritra was about to regain his balance.

{Sin Point Gained: Disappointed +21,844}

{Sin Point Gained: Hoped +18,232}

...

THUD

Finally, Vritra wasn’t able to balance, and he ended up stepping out of the stage and lost the competition. Fifty warriors fell to their knees as they cried and hugged each other, praying and thanking the gods, thanking even their ancestors.

{Sin Point Gained: Overjoyed +21,845}

{Sin Point Gained: Thanked +50}

{Sin Point Gained: Satisfied +20,124}

{Sin Point Gained: Delighted +21,776}

...

"Yesssss!!! There really is a god. Haha, I have never been this happy." The crowd got so happy that they hugged one another and smiled amicably.

"No, I didn’t lose. That was an accident. A- Allow me to go inside again." Vritra stepped in front of the host and asked, but Uranus laughed madly in satisfaction as he shook his head.

"No no no, you have lost. Now get lost. Hahahaha. Such a great day! Ahh, I can now die in satisfaction." Uranus felt as if he had become several decades younger—he was too happy and delighted.

"You bastard. I don’t agree with your rules. You get lost." Vritra slapped the host, and the man instantly vanished from there. The audience was shocked as they looked around and couldn’t find the host.

{Sin Point Gained: Terrified +21,139}

{Sin Point Gained: Hated +18,235}

...

"W- Where is Uranus?"

"Huh? My anus? It’s on my butt. Wanna see it?"

"Shut up, Baldie—Oh, you are back again? Brothers, let’s put this seat in his butt."

As the sin points poured out, Vritra turned his gaze towards the high platform where his mother and Diana were seated. Then he flew up under everyone’s gaze.

____________

Thanks for reading...