Chapter 182 - 69 Feet Above [R-18]

Diana’s pussy looked just as beautiful, that soft pink colour and the cute little clitoris just above her tender, glistening lower lips.

"Aren’t you supposed to be pure, divine, and holy, Ms. Goddess? Yet look at you, leaking so much water from your pussy as if a dam had broken. Aren’t you a bit too horny?" Vritra said the humiliating words while gazing into her eyes.

Diana bit her lips, her face turning redder as she shifted her gaze away. His words seemed to have a magical effect on her; her excitement rose as she thought of her degenerate and naughty behaviour.

Vritra gazed at the goddess for a few seconds and decided to up the game one more step. He put the bed back into his inventory and caught the flustered goddess just in time, then they both began to float in the air.

"A-Are haa we done?" Diana asked, a slight disappointment visible in her eyes, even though she wanted to make herself believe that this was for the better. As a goddess, she couldn’t do such things with anyone, let alone a mortal.

"Of course not. I thought just doing it in the air like that would be even more exciting, don’t you think so?" Vritra asked as he looked around. Now there was absolutely nothing to hide their bodies.

Previously, the bed at least gave a slight sense of security, as if it could hide her body even if someone were to suddenly pop in. But now they truly were in the open. This was too lewd.

"W-What are huff huff you planning to do?" the goddess asked, her breathing getting faster as she tried to show a fearful expression but looked at him expectantly.

"Nothing much, it’s just going to be a short kiss," Vritra said as his lips curled up. He gently pushed Diana back as she lay in the air and gulped her saliva.

’I-Is it really going to be just a kiss? The kiss was a good punishment, but haven’t we already crossed that step, so...’ the goddess wondered what her next punishment was going to be.

Just then, Vritra moved on top of her, but in a rather strange position that Diana couldn’t make sense of at first. His face was right in front of her vagina while his cock was positioned in front of her face. The two floated in the air freely as they rolled and moved within the barriers.

Vritra wasted no time as he started to devour her delicious lower mouth. The caramel-like smell made him feel thirsty. His lips pressed against her wet petals, creating a squelching sound.

"Ahhhhhh~ T-That Mmmmm~ aaaaaah~ haaannngggg~" Diana was shocked when Vritra’s mouth suddenly smashed against her pussy. She was truly shocked since she hadn’t expected that and didn’t know that it was a part of the punishment.

She wondered if eating a woman’s vagina was a normal thing, but she had no time to think about anything as her body trembled, pleasure coursing through her entire body as she realised that the pussy seemed to be the most sensitive part of her body.

His penis pressed against her cheek. Diana dazedly caught it between her warm palms and felt its firmness and hotness. Remembering the delicious taste of the treats Vritra had given her before, the goddess hungrily pulled the tip of the cock towards her mouth.

Her lips parted as she gave a soft lick at the tip, tasting the precum and enjoying the sweetness. Her eyes rolled as Vritra rubbed his lips against her petal and sucked on them, lightly biting the soft lips.

Then he brought out his tongue and poked her hidden clitoris, licking it a few times and then sucking on the tiny bead as Diana lost control of her body and almost fell down. But with his hands gripping her red ass cheeks, she stayed close to him.

Vritra bit the clitoris and nibbled on it as the goddess felt something sultry and unholy rushing through her vagina. It was such a strong rush as she orgasmed and shot out her love juices over his body.

After teasing and torturing her clitoris for a few minutes, Vritra focused on her pussy once again. He used his lips to spread her petals and slowly began to push his tongue into her tight, sacred cave, pushing aside her fleshy walls and rubbing against her folds.

Diana gasped for breath as her body flooded with pleasure. She couldn’t think straight anymore as she took the head of his cock into her mouth and began to suck on it, rolling her tongue all over the glans.

From the two times before, it seemed her body had already learned the spots that made him feel good. Moving her tongue under the head, she began to lick and poke the frenulum with her tongue and then pushed the tip of her tongue against the tiny hole at the top.

While Vritra devoured her pussy, Diana worked over his penis, her palms massaging the length of his cock and even moving down to hold and caress his balls as she sucked hard at the tip. )

The entire space inside the barrier was filled with the sounds the two were making. Vritra tasted her warm love juices as his tongue moved deeper and deeper into her vagina, getting squeezed to the extreme between her wet folds.

While Diana gulped the precum that leaked out, she kept teasing the urethra entrance. Her cheeks hollowed out as she sucked so hard, as if trying to pull all of that sweet fluid out of his balls.

The two were completely engrossed in the pleasure. They loved eating each other up while also enjoying the other’s work.

Vritra poked against her uneven folds and rubbed against the spots where she moaned the loudest. The goddess was feeling such a strong itch in her pussy, and Vritra always seemed to poke or rub just the right area.

Since she was feeling so good, Diana worked even harder to receive her punishment with all her heart. She pushed the cock deeper into her mouth and sucked with all her might. The cool air made her body shiver as the two continued under the dark sky.

It wasn’t long before Diana climaxed again under Vritra’s constant tongue work. Her sweet and hot juices flooded out of her vagina, and then she heard the sound of Vritra gulping her sacred fluid.

Diana’s face burned with shame. She couldn’t believe that he was truly drinking her love juices. It gave her such a funny feeling in her belly as she squeezed his tongue even tighter within her pussy.

Over the next dozens of minutes, Diana orgasmed several times as she couldn’t withstand Vritra’s techniques. After working hard for so long, the goddess finally felt his cock twitch inside her mouth. She doubled down her effort and pushed it even deeper, sucking as if her life depended on it.

And then...

SPURT SPURT

Waves after waves of hot semen burst into her mouth. It hit the back of her throat and almost made her cough, but she persevered and pushed it down her throat before savouring the honey-like taste, swirling it around her tongue.

GULP GULP

Diana hungrily drank every bit of the semen released into her mouth, her tongue constantly rubbing against the glans and tip.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...