Chapter 179: The Naked Divinity [R-18]

"Now, can you remove your clothes?" Vritra looked at Diana and asked casually.

"Sure– wait huh?" The goddess stared at Vritra in puzzlement, wondering if she had heard wrong.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Doubted +1}

"W-What did you mean?" she asked, her mind conflicted.

"Hmm? Was I not clear enough? I said, can you take off all your clothes right here and now for me?" Vritra elaborated calmly.

"H-Huh? Why are you asking that? Right here? Remove all my clothes? Did you really just bring me all the way here for that?" Diana asked as her face burned with shame at just the thought of getting naked in front of him, in such an open space. How humiliating was that?

"Yeah, there is no one around here besides us, and your punishment is still due, remember?" Vritra added. He could tell that she had started to enjoy these small little games; such shameful tasks seemed to give her a strange pleasure, even if she acted like she hated it.

And Vritra wouldn’t want to force himself on her, even if she was his slave. That’s why, aside from those two times, he didn’t make any further moves. First, he wanted to corrupt this goddess—and when she finally gives in, she could finally be a part of his small family.

"A-At least let’s do that inside a room. What if someone sees me?" Diana said as she scanned the surroundings. There really was no one there.

Vritra and Yasmine had already made sure there wasn’t anyone nearby, or he wouldn’t have suggested it. Exhibitionism is a big no; just the thought of it was disgusting.

"I think doing all that here would be a lot more fun. Just imagine it. Hmm, how about you think that this is an order and you have no choice. But if you’re really against it, then let’s just go back and sleep—" Vritra sighed in disappointment and turned around.

"W-Wait..." Diana called out hurriedly. She was feeling so conflicted—she wanted to do that daring thing, but just the thought filled her with shame.

"Decide already, otherwise I’m leaving." Vritra said in a plain tone, as if he was about to leave.

"F-Fine, I will do it. Just let me cover our surroundings with a barrier. I don’t want to be seen by anyone else in that state." Diana said as her milky cheeks turned bright red.

Diana created a barrier covering a big part around them. Yasmine also created another barrier right outside it. Now, no one would even be able to sense their auras, let alone see them—they had disappeared from the real world.

"I am going to do it now..." Biting her lower lip, Diana clenched her fists before loosening them.

Finally, she took a deep breath and began to sensually remove her clothes. She was wearing a black dress right now; as the clothes slid down her body, more of her milky skin was revealed.

Soon she was only in her panty and bra. The goddess wore rather simple and cute inner clothes. Her skin looked so smooth and creamy, as if she was made entirely from milk.

Her large boobs were barely contained inside the bra. Although her size was slightly smaller than Vanessa’s, they were still quite huge; the creamy flesh was peeking out through her bra.

Her long legs and belly—everything about her looked so savoury, making Vritra want to take a bite out of her. His eyes scanned her body from her face to her feet; she truly looked flawless.

"Continue." Vritra said, his burning gaze moving over her body. Diana’s neck and shoulders had turned red as well. She could feel his eyes devouring her body. She really felt like prey in front of him.

After a slight hesitation, she finally unclasped her bra as it fell down but hovered in the air because of the dust, just like all her other clothes. Her soft boobs bounced out, looking so beautiful. Her pink nipples looked especially delicious, like the sweetest candies in the world.

Despite the shame of being naked in front of someone, Diana didn’t hide her body as she slid her panty down, raising one leg at a time and finally letting it go as it, too, began to hover beside her other clothes.

Finally, his gaze landed on her vagina—the part hiding between her round thick thighs. Vritra could see those petals. Her body shivered as she saw him staring at her lower body intently. She unconsciously squeezed her thighs and hid her pussy.

"Tell me, do you want to stop here or continue?" Vritra asked as he moved closer to the goddess. He wasn’t planning to go all the way just yet—she needed to be trained slowly.

"..." She couldn’t answer immediately. Diana glanced into the distance. There were still people living far away from them, and as a goddess doing something so obscene, how humiliating and taboo it was.

But after a moment she nodded, speaking in a mosquito-like voice: "I want more..."

If just his gaze made her body feel like that, Diana could only wonder how good his touch would feel. She badly craved it, but doing such things in the open still made her a little hesitant.

Vritra nodded. Then he took out a bed from his inventory. Over the floor of dust, it began to float in the air as well.

Then he gestured for Diana to climb onto the bed. Diana’s breathing got faster as she looked at the bed and wondered what he would do to her—in the open like this.

But moving her frozen body, she climbed onto the bed and then lay back on it. Her thighs were shut tightly, and she placed her arm over her breasts, barely hiding her large meat melons.

Vritra began to remove his own clothes, and within moments he was completely naked as well. Then he climbed onto the bed while Diana stared at his body in a daze—this was the first time she was seeing him like this.

Though she was already a bit familiar with his cock.

Vritra climbed on top of her. Both of them felt so comfortable as their warm skins pressed against one another. Diana’s skin felt really soft; Vritra felt as if his body was really merging with hers. It was a completely different feeling from Vanessa and Fiona.

Plus, the thought that he was doing this to a goddess made him even more excited. Their legs entangled and her large boobs pressed against his chest as Vritra got a hold of her hands and brought them above her head.

Her nipples rubbed against his skin, while their bodies were literally glued together. The goddess looked to the side—she felt goosebumps the moment their bodies touched. This feeling was more exciting than she imagined.

"Should I begin?" Vritra asked, as his palms slid down to her waist, rubbing against her buttery skin.

"Y-Yeah." Diana nodded, feeling the hard rod pressing against her belly.

Vritra’s face slowly approached Diana’s. The goddess took a deep breath before she closed her eyes and raised her chin slightly, wondering what a kiss actually felt like.

Vritra’s lips gently wrapped around her soft pinkish lips, as Diana let out a mild moan.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...