Chapter 615 A Wild Demoness

The air inside the hall was thick with dread and despair, as the heads of all the demon lords healed, their gazes moved to the terrifying entity that had just entered.

Just his presence alone was enough to make them feel pain in their chests and heads.

His lips were curving up slightly in what seemed to be a smile, but the sight made everyone shiver.

"So, are you all ready for a mass kidnapping?" Vritra muttered. Because of their comments and behaviour towards Maeve, he really wanted to kill and torture them all.

But he couldn't kill them, so Vritra held back, but just his killing intent was enough to make many lords faint.

"R- Run!!" someone in the crowd shouted as his body turned into mist and one lord rushed out of the hall.

Vritra didn't even try to stop him, as it was pointless.

Seeing one escape, the ones who were still awake tried desperately to move their bodies and escape.

Vritra and Maeve just stood there, watching them all run.

Where were they even going to run? The whole realm itself was under Vritra's control, so there was just no escape.

"Well Sloth, it's been a long time since we met." Vritra's gaze finally turned to the large lump of fat, whose body trembled violently.

"S- Sir Vritra, it is a misunderstanding. I w- went there to s- support you, why would I h- hurt a fellow demon?

W- Wait, you should be the one sitting on this t- throne, you are the rightful k- king!!" he shouted, hoping that this would entice Vritra into giving up on his revenge.

Sloth tried to get off the throne, but it seemed his body had gotten even heavier and he was stuck in the large throne.

"T- these damn fools, I told them to increase the size of this throne!" he cursed, moving up and then falling back again and again.

"Enough, also I was the one who killed your son so what are you going to do about it? You just asked my wife to marry you as punishment for that, right?" Vritra asked, his eyes turning cold.

"I- I dare not, sir, it's a m- misunderstanding. I was merely asking if s- she is married, forgive me please." he said as his face lost all colour.

"Haa, there is no point in arguing. Well, since you are different from the others and very special, you will be getting special treatment." Vritra said, and in the next moment, he waved his hand.

Sloth was instantly teleported into his dimensional book, he was finally out of the throne.

Then Vritra gazed at his surroundings, most of them had already escaped.

The demons who had run forward to capture Maeve were still frozen in place.

With a thought, their heads and limbs exploded and then Vritra stored their trembling bodies into the dimensional book.

It was time to start the mass kidnapping, he was taking the entire demon realm.

After storing away the demon lords inside the hall, he looked at Maeve with a smile and spoke: "Foxie, let's go, we should catch these desperate demons."

"Yes master~" Maeve allowed herself to be pulled along, as they moved hand in hand.

Now, she was going to stick to him like glue, and have more of his time.

The demon realm had quickly turned chaotic, all the demons were running in all directions.

They were trying to contact outside or even using all sorts of treasures to escape, but nothing worked.

'I wonder if any of them have that god's punishment.' he wondered. Despite his overwhelming strength, he was still careful.

Observing them all, as he began to throw everyone into his dimensional book.

Desperately, many even began to launch powerful attacks towards him, throwing all sorts of treasures at him.

But nothing worked, slowly all of them ended up kidnapped.

…

"Hoo, finally done, that was not hard but they sure act like rats, hiding all over the place." Vritra looked around, the demon realm was completely empty now.

"Master, let's head back." Maeve replied with a smile.

Vritra nodded, he didn't kidnap the demons who had joined the world information centre under her, like the three generals.

Soon they left the place, flying back towards their house.

'Now it seems I am finally done taking revenge against everyone. Haa, except of course the Divine Kage. Should I go test their strength?' he wondered.

They worked for the gods, what if killing them all created too much trouble?

But he did have a powerful backer too, though he was sometimes completely useless.

'Hey Divine, will it be too dangerous if I attack the Divine Kage head on?' he asked, not really expecting any reply.

"Hmm. Although your strength is enough to wipe them out, the upper ranks do possess powerful attacks such as god punishment and more.

 If all of them unite, then defeating them will be troublesome, you would have to use that Drino's core to finish them." Divine replied before adding:

"Rather than knocking on their door, why don't we just call them to us? That way, they can be killed in small groups."

"Yeah, that does sound better, do you have any idea?" while talking with the Divine, the two quickly arrived at their home.

After hearing the plan, Vritra smiled, he was sure it would work out just fine.

That plan would have to wait for now though, there were a few things he needed to do first.

"Okay, thanks." He said before getting busy with other things, now Maeve was here to help him with everything too.

The demoness was as playful and naughty as ever, always finding ways to get closer to him.

Despite seeing right through her small evil acts, Vritra just found her cute.

And he didn't mind pampering his wife.

They flew to a couple more places during the entirety of the day, meeting up with Rich, Shitless, and Onest.

Those guys were working hard as well. He even went to meet Ava and Gunter.

Soon he was going to leave for over a year, so he planned to inform them later on.

By the night, they returned to their room to rest.

Each of them had their own rooms, and one room was there with a big bedroom for all of them.

The beautiful demoness finally had Vritra all to herself, and with her increased strength and endurance,

She was able to hold even longer than Yasmine, so Vritra went even harder and by the morning, Maeve lay completely exhausted in his arms.

They didn't sleep a moment during the night and it was simply wild.

Holding her soft naked body tightly, Vritra looked at her face, gently caressing her cheek.

There was an expression of delight.

Vritra fell into deep thought, he didn't know what sort of dangers he was going to face going ahead.

Since he had decided to bring all his wives along, he would have to try even harder once they entered the game.

Their routine was pretty much the same for a few more days, aside from the preparations.

Vritra and Maeve enjoyed their alone time, visiting various places and having wild nights and even days.

They truly were like a newly wed couple on their honeymoon, their passion was on another level.

And soon, one by one, all his wives came out of their training sessions.

❖❖❖