Chapter 128: The Dice Game

"Jack, do you like Fiona?" Max asked as a grin spread across his face.

"Yes, of course. I love her more than anything." Jack replied proudly, glancing at Fiona as he confessed his love once again.

"Heh, can you prove it? I doubt you love her more than me. Just for Fiona, I challenged Vritra to an arm wrestling match even after knowing I am weaker, putting the bet that he don’t step anywhere near her. So can you do the same?" Max said.

"Hah, is he trying to court my girl?" Jack frowned and glared at Vritra, then he huffed and nodded: "Hmph, do you think I am as weak as you? Fine, let’s do this, and if you lose I don’t want to see you anywhere near her. Do you dare to agree?"

"Well, I would never say no to a challenge." Vritra shrugged as he moved towards the table. All the people shook their heads, but this time they felt that Jack, the strongest of them all, might really win.

"But you will end up with a tattoo on your face if you lose," Vritra added.

"Ha, you think you can defeat me? You don’t even know what kind of dangers I had faced out there. I could beat someone like you with just one of my fingers," Jack said arrogantly. How could he not act tough in front of Fiona, the typical boys’ act tough problem.

Max was the happiest after hearing that. He even began to cheer for Jack loudly. The tattoo artist who had started packing up began to prepare for the second victim.

...

After around five minutes, Jack stood there with a dead look on his face, and a new tattoo.

Vritra went easy on him and only made him have two short tattoos on his cheek and forehead:

-SLAP HERE, FOR FREE-

-NO HOLES BARRED!!-

"Hahaha Jack you look great. Oh right, I almost forgot..." Max wasted no time as he rushed forward and gave an even harder slap on Jack’s face, bringing the holy hero back to his senses.

And so the two began to fight.

Fiona sighed and shook her head. She felt embarrassed just looking at their faces, wondering how the two are going to walk around in public now, and how could she walk beside Max in the future?

"Enjoying the show?" Suddenly Vritra’s voice sounded from beside her, startling Fiona slightly.

"Of course not. How could you write something like that on Max’s face? How can he even show his face to others now? You promised not to-" Fiona complained, running her fingers through her long red hair.

"Why would I care how others look at him? At least he looks more attractive now, he would turn heads wherever he goes.

Anyway, I want you to fulfil your part of the deal now. I will be waiting in your room for fifteen minutes and if you don’t come then I will just challenge Max again." Vritra’s lips curled into a crescent smile as he spoke.

"N-Now? Can’t we do it some other time?" Fiona said, as her heart began to beat wildly.

"Well that’s your choice to make." Vritra shrugged his shoulder and walked away, leaving her alone with her thoughts.

’Sigh, I am sorry Max, even though I love you so much, but I have to do this to protect you. It is just a small stupid game and it will be over before I know it, so no matter what happens I will still love you.’ Fiona apologized to Max in her mind, feeling guilty and humiliated at this betrayal towards her love.

While Max and Jack were busy fighting one another, Fiona glanced one last time at Max before leaving the training area, feeling a little nervous.

The distance between the training area and the temple wasn’t too far, so she arrived there in less than ten minutes. She headed straight to her room.

’How can he enter my room when I had clearly locked it before leaving? Did he mean he would be waiting outside the room?’ Fiona wondered as she quickly arrived in front of her room which was still locked and Vritra was nowhere in sight.

At first she panicked slightly, thinking that she had taken more than fifteen minutes, but then relaxed after thinking for a moment. She opened the lock and pushed open the door. As she expected, Vritra sat on her bed with his back against the pillow in a comfortable position.

"Oh so you really came, and here I was thinking how I was going to make Max challenge me again," Vritra spoke. He had two dice in his hand, as he kept twirling them between his fingers.

"..." Fiona looked around and then entered hastily, before closing the door behind her; she didn’t want anyone to see the two of them together.

"Just tell me what this special game of yours is," Fiona said, walking close to the bed, trying her best to maintain the poker face. While in her mind she kept apologizing to Max for what might happen.

"Alright, it’s a simple game." Vritra sat straight as he gestured for her to come closer. Fiona climbed on the bed and sat in front of him, waiting for his explanation.

"So there will be three rounds, and in each round we will each roll a dice three times. Which means one round will have three turns, clear?

The one to obtain a higher number would be the winner of that turn and get the chance to make a request to the other person. Of course, that request could only be limited to this game and could not be too extreme.

For example, I won two of the three turns and you won one, then at the end of that round, I can make two requests and you can make one request. Of course, using that request you can just nullify one of my requests too. Do you understand it?"

"..." Fiona remained silent for a few seconds. The explanation was quite easy to understand, so after a few seconds she nodded and asked a question: "Suppose I won two turns and you won one, then I will get two requests, right?"

Vritra nodded calmly. He already knew what her doubt was.

"So if I nullify one of your requests, I will still have one left. Can it be brought to the next round?" Fiona asked hopefully.

After hearing about this game, she saw new hope. Since this was a game of luck and based on the rules, there was still a chance that she would be able to get out of this without actually doing anything ecchi with him.

But a curious and horny part of her brain really wanted to see and feel what he might do to her.

That kiss last time felt so magical and hot—Fiona shook her head to throw out that thought, she really couldn’t control that degenerate part of her.

"No, it could only be used in that round. Of course, if you don’t want to use it, then it will be nullified," Vritra answered.

"I see." Fiona nodded in understanding. It was a pity, but oh well. She would just depend on her high luck to get out of this situation and still remain perfectly pure. She wouldn’t have to feel guilty anymore.

"Let’s start then," Vritra announced.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...