Chapter 251: Childish

"Yes, my lord, that place became too chaotic after you were gone. No one dared to attack it when you were still alive, but a lot of demons attacked us to steal whatever they could, so we had no choice but to leave that realm, taking whatever important we could," Thaddeus said, his eyes burning with hatred.

"So where is everyone staying at currently?" he continued, while also showing anger.

"With the help of your close friend, Demon Lord Skum Bo, we were able to find a different realm a bit further away but safer. We named it The Voromir Kingdom. It is located outside of this Topaz Continent, so do you—" Silquor was speaking, but Vritra raised his hand to stop him.

’I am planning to go to the White Kingdom and then leave the Topaz Continent after that, but traveling with these demons would undoubtedly bring more trouble.

Like Yennefer almost recognized me, but thankfully she thought I only possessed dragon physique and bloodline.’ Vritra began pondering and finally spoke:

"I am heading outside of this continent as well, but I don’t think it would be good for us to travel together. That way I won’t be able to grow as fast, and I have a few plans of my own. So why don’t we just meet outside? But when I need to call you, how can I contact the three of you?" Vritra asked.

"You are indeed correct. Oh right—" Morvik hastily took out a big pouch that seemed to be filled with dozens of glyphs. He handed them to Vritra and said:

"You can keep these. Whenever you crush one of these glyphs, we will be teleported to your location. We had bought these to keep the people of our realm safe."

Vritra nodded and put them away into his inventory. Then, after a moment, he asked: "Are you carrying some soul potions? My soul is still weak and needs a lot of them."

"Ah, we aren’t carrying too much, but this is all we have." The three generals took out bottles upon bottles of soul potions from their storage glyphs and lined them over the ground.

’This isn’t too much? This stash is even bigger than the one in the Dunshire Kingdom. Haa, so my slaves are rich.’ Vritra smiled as he swiftly put them all away and then said: "Sigh, what a pity, it is too little. Try to gather as much as you can in the future."

"Yes, lord. We will collect enough soul potions to heal your soul as soon as possible," the three generals said at the same time.

"Alright, that’s all for now. Do whatever you wish and don’t get caught. We will be meeting again very soon." Vritra said as he waved his hand. After a respectful bow, the three of them disappeared.

"Now that was a profit, getting three powerful slaves just like that." Yasmine laughed, her man had fooled the generals way too easily.

"Yeah, this is nice. My preparations for the next adventure are going well. I have entered 2nd Legion ranks, my soul wraiths are growing rapidly, I have got three powerful demon generals as my loyal slaves, and not to mention a waifu who supports me through thick and thin." Vritra muttered.

Except for Misty Essence, there wasn’t any reason for him to stay here.

"I wonder if we will be killing the king of the White Kingdom or not, but based on your luck I won’t be surprised even if you two had become enemies without even meeting once." Yasmine said, she had already gotten used to such occurrences now.

No matter what schemes, battles, wars, trouble—literally anything related to chaos—just won’t be possible if Vritra isn’t involved in it.

"Anyway, let’s go back." Vritra said. He finally deactivated the Shift skill and felt weakness surrounding him, though it wouldn’t last too long and he still had around half his strength.

While talking, the two were going back, their playful banter continued, filled with teasing and jokes.

Just then, Vritra noticed a demon walking around a desolate part of the forest. It was only at around level 300. With just a thought, a needle of dust flew towards the demon at high speed and pierced through its head, killing it immediately.

A couple of messages appeared in front of him, but Vritra continued ahead until he noticed something on the ground at the place where the demon was just killed.

It was a beautiful round stone with a pinkish shade, and eyes and a mouth were carved over it just like Zengis. Vritra had killed many before, but he didn’t get any similar drop again. After pausing, he flew down and landed beside the corpse of the demon.

Vritra picked the stone and looked over it, then he nodded: "I approve of you to be my best friend’s girlfriend. So Pinky, meet my friend Zengis." Vritra brought Zengis out and allowed the two of them to meet.

"What am I even watching right now? Is this a dollhouse show but with stones? I thought you had already gotten over your best friend thing—" Yasmine said in exasperation.

"Wifey, don’t say anything about my friend. He had been with me even before you. I would have really given up if I didn’t have anyone to talk to, so even if Zengis is just a stone, we are best friends for life." Vritra said in a solemn tone.

"Uh... Okay hubby, then congratulations Zengis and Pinky. When are you guys going to hold your wedding? Hehe, and don’t delay having babies. Hubby, wouldn’t that be great when our babies play with Zengis’s and Pinky’s babies?" Yasmine spoke, her tone mischievous.

Vritra rolled his eyes, then he muttered: "Zengis, I have fulfilled my promise finally. I got such a beautiful girl for you. Take care of her."

Then he put them back into the inventory together.

Finally, Vritra flew away from there, while Yasmine continued with the same topic the entire way—talking about how Zengis should go on a honeymoon or earn some money, or their future, and so on.

It was late in the night when Vritra arrived back in the castle. Vanessa was still waiting for him. They had slept quite long during the day, so she wasn’t sleepy. After seeing Vritra appear in the room like a ghost, she stood up and walked closer to him.

"Honey, did everything go alright?" Vanessa asked, putting her arms over his shoulder and pressing her body against his.

"Yes mom, it went better than expected." Vritra replied and added: "See who I brought today."

He took out Zengis and Pinky, and showed them to Vanessa.

"Oh, it looks like such a nice pair. They look good together." Vanessa said with a beautiful smile.

’See? That’s a normal reaction.’ Vritra spoke in his mind.

"Yeah yeah, I am the abnormal one here..." Yasmine shook her head.

After putting them back in his inventory, Vritra and Vanessa climbed onto the bed and slipped under the sheet after throwing away their clothes.

None of them were going to sleep in the remaining part of the night—they hadn’t trained together in a while, after all.

Vanessa climbed on top of Vritra and started kissing him, while grinding her vagina on top of his member.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...