Chapter 156: Larva

HUFF HUFF

Vritra’s breathing was extremely weak, he was clearly very close to death. Maybe his plan really might succeed in the end, but he would have preferred a quicker death rather than this.

His half-lidded eyes stared blankly at the sky, his mind had stopped working and he couldn’t form a single thought; it was like countless red images were flashing in front of him, but Vritra had no idea what was happening around him or to him.

In the sky, all the people dressed in red from the Bone Blood Cult took out thousands of exactly same-looking red-colored cubes—the Glyphs. Vritra continued to see the scene that was tinged with redness in his eyes. The demon generals and the Nine Pacts seemed to be very shocked.

Over ten thousand people poured their energies into those fist-sized cubes. Although both the demon generals and Nine Pacts tried to stop the change, it was useless.

Vritra’s vitality, instead of increasing with his skills, continued to plummet with each passing moment. As he lost complete control over his body, the Demon Lord’s core that was forcefully stored in his body finally had a chance to get out of there.

It began to release vast amounts of energy, out of which only a little was able to leak out of the barrier and the Evil-Veyll God Essence Core. But just that amount began to destroy his body even further.

Vritra had no control over anything. Although he had never used the Switch skill before because it was too dangerous and probably had the function of releasing that Demon Lord’s energy, without any control over it, using that skill was nothing short of suicide.

But Switch was a hybrid skill—its passive part was like a bomb. In a situation like the present one where he had no control over his own body, it could be activated forcefully and the core would then erupt.

So instead of a usable skill, Switch was more like a prison for the Demon Lord’s core. But finally, it was slowly breaking that prison.

Vritra couldn’t care less about anything right now. As his health dropped below 2%, he felt as if the world was spinning, and his sight had slowly started to darken.

He continued to look at the sky. Vritra couldn’t hear anything, but in those blurry images, the shock on the faces of the demon generals and the Nine Pacts was evident, as another barrier covered the whole place.

The people in the sky were shouting, but Vritra’s world was slowly approaching stillness and silence. His health soon got below 1%, and finally, Vritra drifted into unconsciousness as everything became silent—with no pain.

And then...

[Health has reached the critical point.]

[Elegy Parasite Activated!!]

In the next moment, a black tattoo rapidly began to manifest on his back.

A coiled, pale larva with spiny ridges and a gaping, hook-like mouth took form on his body, spreading across his entire back. Its head appeared nestled below Vritra’s neck, locked in place almost as if it had "bitten" into his body.

Faint vein-like lines spread from it across Vritra’s entire body—those vein-like tattoos appearing all over his skin. The scene looked as if the parasite was feeding off of him.

Just as the parasite was activated, Vritra’s eyes opened suddenly—and everything was drowned in pure darkness. His pupils, sclera—everything was covered by pitch black.

Then, a flurry of messages poured in front of him.

[Chances of survival: 0.0001%]

The parasite didn’t act immediately. It began to search for the most optimal solution to achieve its goal of survival at any cost. The body was too damaged and couldn’t move. After scanning his body, it assessed the surroundings and every possible route that could allow it to survive.

Elegy Parasite would use every resource or ability available to survive—no matter what needed to be sacrificed, even if it was his humanity or even their lives.

After just a single moment, the Elegy Parasite had found the path with the highest possibility of survival. Then it began to plan things out. The entire process took no more than a second—the others hadn’t even noticed any of the changes that were occurring on his body.

The black veins that spread across his entire body, or his pitch-black eyes that were staring at the sky emotionlessly—Vritra had disappeared for now, and his mind at this point was more like a machine with the highest possible efficiency.

Finally, after two seconds had passed and there was barely a little vitality left in his body, the Elegy Parasite locked onto the wisps of demonic energy leaking into his body and wreaking havoc.

Then...

[Switch Activated.]

[Switch: Demonification (1%)]

Elegy Parasite allowed the furious demonic core a small window to leak exactly 1% of its energy, as it flooded out and almost tore him apart.

The demonic energy, flesh, and blood might not hurt Vritra’s body as much as they would hurt others, but neither could his body handle that amount of energy nor that concentration. Even for him, it began to act like acidic poison.

...

In the sky, the three demon generals and the men from the Nine Pacts were shocked to find themselves trapped by that restricting barrier. It would reduce the levels of anyone trapped inside to be around 1500 to 1600.

"H- How did you obtain that? Is the Bone Blood Cult now colluding with them?" Silquor asked in bafflement, his eyes wide open.

"Bone Blood Cult, do you really plan to go against all the humans? What is the meaning of this? The Nine Pacts will make your cult disappear!!" Faceless shouted, his body burning with rage.

Aside from demons and all the other races, there are other creatures that stand against all life forms—they hurt humans, demons, dragons, and every other race alike.

"Hahaha, what does it matter? If all the witnesses disappear, then it never existed." Then with an arrogant look he spoke: "And don’t count me with the likes of you. We from the Bone Blood Cult have far surpassed humanity and the restrictions of you small life forms. Demons, humans—they’re all just lowly creatures compared to us."

The demon generals and Nine Pacts’ blood boiled at those words. They wanted to kill those psychos, but feeling the restrictions over their bodies, they held back. Fighting in Bone Blood Cult’s domain would be highly disadvantageous for them.

Just as the fight seemed about to break out, a terrifying energy erupted from the crater on the ground—shocking every single person present in the barrier.

Even the barrier set up by Bone Blood Cult couldn’t restrict this energy. They all sensed the extreme demonic energy and were shocked by the intensity of this sudden eruption. The most shocked, of course, were the three demon generals, who recognized this energy instantly.

"I- Isn’t that the energy of our lord? Why is that coming from there?" Morvik spoke in confusion.

"It’s coming from that human... he was so weak. How could this be?" Faceless mumbled in bewilderment.

The energy of the Demon Lord instantly spread all across Vritra’s body, filling each and every cell in his body—destroying everything and bringing him closer to death with each passing moment.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...