Chapter 489: Stealer of Fate

"Oh you are all here too?!!" Vritra finally looked back and saw several figures.

There was the brand new Dark Knight whose body seemed more menacing, red lines spread across its armor.

The knight’s strength had increased greatly after devouring so many powerful souls, while all his soul wraiths had greatly benefited from the war.

And finally he had a new chimera. Vritra had already let the Chimera devour Ghost and Ghoul, since they didn’t possess any useful traits.

On the other hand, the chimera was very powerful and had all sorts of abilities.

Aside from the soul wraiths, there was Yasmine. Of course unlike Vritra, she was in her soul form, healing slowly under the care of Nihilanima.

Both his mythic halos were present as well.

He hadn’t really lost anything, except his life.

"Wifey, are you alright?" Vritra asked. His body was just a form of consciousness now, so he could see, hear, talk and couldn’t do much else.

"Hubby! Why are you like this? What happened after we were hit by that god’s punishment?" Yasmine seemed to wake up from her daze as she worriedly looked Vritra up and down and got closer.

But now she couldn’t even touch him. She wondered if they both had died together and this was the afterlife.

"Yes, well, you had died before and now I died, so we could be considered ghosts but this is not afterlife." Vritra said, reading her mind.

"Hubby, stop joking, seriously what’s going on?" Yasmine asked. She was still shocked by several things such as Vanessa’s death and Vritra’s death.

"First of all, mom is alive and safe in the City of Charms. And yeah, I ended up dead, though I am getting a second chance apparently."

Vritra started telling her about the war and his meeting with the Divine.

"Oh, so you have already seen several of the six truths huh, anyway, it’s great that we can return but I am worried about others more."

They had a long chat, time seemed to be in excess in this place.

"Previously, soon after the hero killed the demon lord, they were pulled into those sick games.

But after I killed the lord, we weren’t called there which means someone else is carrying the fate of the hero." Vritra thought and he didn’t need to think hard about it.

It was certainly that Jack, who was so madly in love with Fiona back then.

"So we wait for him to become strong enough?" Vritra sighed. He didn’t want to think about all that for now.

Moving his gaze back to his dragon waifu, who was in her human form and was just floating around him.

"What are we going to do until my new body and soul are ready?" he asked, still wishing to reunite with his family as soon as possible.

"Hmm, let’s do some training. From the start, you never got good training, you were always rushed into deadly situations." Yasmine spoke, as she stopped.

"What sort of training?" Vritra questioned.

"Psyche can teach you a lot about the glyphs." Yasmine pointed towards the soul wraith who was busy showing special tricks to its new friend, the Chimera.

Previously, when the games were ongoing in the Cloud City, most of those innovative glyphs were made by Psyche.

Psyche was created from the souls of the Grieves, so its knowledge about glyphs was top notch.

And in the war, Psyche had devoured most of the Grieves, bringing its knowledge about the glyphs to the peak.

"Oh that’s right." Vritra nodded. That would certainly be useful.

"Knight can teach you to fight properly, I can teach you about barriers and more, I mean you can learn something from all of us." Yasmine added, the soul wraiths nodding.

"Of course except Bob, Bobby and Chimera." She corrected herself.

And so, Vritra began to spend his time learning about glyphs, barriers, various forms of magic, fighting and more.

Though he couldn’t directly participate, but with his understanding ability, Vritra would get everything by just seeing it once.

Just like that, time began to pass. Thankfully Yasmine was with him, otherwise Vritra wasn’t sure if the time could pass in such a way.

He still missed his women, but could only wait for now. His playful and teasing wife always kept him distracted and happy.

...

"So how is your training going?" Suddenly, after several months, a voice sounded in Vritra’s head.

A very familiar voice.

"Sigh... you are here again, how long am I to stay here?" Vritra was lying beside Yasmine, who was asleep.

She needed rest but he didn’t.

"Just a few more months. Anyway, you were right in thinking that the lame guy, Jack, got the fate of the hero. And if you wish to take things in control, then you need to steal it." Divine said.

This time only his voice was present.

"Steal it? How? By killing him? And why should I?" Vritra asked, sitting up.

"No, you can’t kill him, or this planet would directly be eliminated in the trial game. And you need to steal that fate, or do you wish to let Jack decide your future? And it will bring you great benefits." Divine patiently spoke.

"Oh..." Vritra now felt how close he had been to getting the whole planet doomed, thankfully he hadn’t killed Jack, or was it fate playing?

"So how do I do it?" Vritra knew there was no point in resisting. He needed to increase his strength even more after all.

"There is a witch, the stealer of fate, you need to steal this ability of hers." Divine answered.

"And how? Where is she?" Vritra tapped over his cheek. He didn’t mind the stealing part but he wanted to be more aware of things happening with his life.

Not just following what others said or going with the flow. That would certainly lead him to doom.

"Finding her is easy, as for stealing... oops, time to leave, I will tell you later." Divine disappeared right after speaking.

"Sigh..." Vritra lay back and fell deep in thoughts.

Divine had hidden this information from him for some reason, but he felt he had heard that name somewhere.

"The stealer of fate, the witch..." After thinking for a couple of seconds he finally remembered.

"Oh right, the Crown of Favourability, the luck treasure I got from Darius through General Sirius.

That crown was the creation of the Unfortunate Witch, the stealer of fate." Vritra pondered but didn’t possess any other information about her.

"Anyway, no need to worry just yet." Shrugging, he decided to rest.

***

In the outside world, inside the Yate Realm.

The news about the young master Art returning back after several years spread like wildfire.

Vritra was brought back into Art’s room, where several healers began to check upon him.

But they couldn’t find much.

Though one of the old and experienced healers did feel that something was wrong with his soul.

When Gunter heard this news, he brought lots upon lots of soul potions, letting the healers inject it into his body.

The Yate family was quite big. The main family branch consisted of only Gunter, his ill wife and his missing son.

Over time, Gunter had lost his father and brother, though with his strength alone, he still kept Yate as the strongest family.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...