Chapter 36: The Little Plunderer-1

"Of course I won’t, you have earned your freedom. Anyway, let’s go."

Then the two walked out of the temple and headed to the large castle. People stopped and bowed respectfully when they passed by Diana; everyone respected her, and it seemed that just by seeing her, their day became better.

Diana raised her head high in pride as they passed by several people. She glanced at Vritra and smirked.

"You are pretty popular and respected," he said.

"Of course I am, I am a Goddess," Diana replied in a proud tone.

Soon the two entered the castle. All the guards bowed respectfully in front of her as well, and no one dared to stop them.

Together, they made their way towards the backside. The castle was truly enormous—it was quite easy for people to lose their way inside. After taking dozens of turns, Diana finally stopped in front of a large door.

In this long and wide corridor, there were only three doors. One was made of white jade, the second was made of some black ancient metal and had weapons’ shapes carved on it, while the third was made of gold.

This was one of the highly guarded places; there were dozens upon dozens of guards placed just in this corridor and their strength wasn’t weak at all. They were all clad in heavy gold armor and carried swords and spears.

All of them bowed towards Diana after she stopped in front of the white jade door. She gave an order: "Open this."

"As you command, Goddess." One of the guards opened several locks placed on the door, then pushed it open. Then they walked some distance away from the door to give her respect and let her choose whatever she wanted.

"Let’s go—" Diana said and began to walk, but was interrupted.

"Wait, I want to go inside alone; you know if you go inside with me I would be under pressure, and I get slower under pressure." Vritra spoke with a solemn face.

"Sigh, just go inside and take whichever potion you need. Don’t take too long." Diana didn’t want to argue with him, so she just decided to stand outside.

There was some kind of barrier at the door which made it impossible to see what was inside. Vritra nodded, then pulled out something from his inventory.

"Zengis, keep an eye on them." A silver-colored round stone with a flat surface appeared in his hand; there was even a face carved naturally on it.

As Vritra walked into the inventory, Zengis floated in the air right outside the door with dust swirling under it. The goddess stared at it in confusion.

’Is he stupid that he is talking to a stone, or does he think we are stupid that a stone could stop us?’ she wondered.

...

As soon as Vritra stepped into the inventory, his eyes widened.

"This isn’t an inventory, this is a damn factory." He exclaimed. The room was so big that several houses could be built here and there would still be a big space left.

There were several hundred shelves neatly arranged across the room. Sparkling potions were filled in delicate bottles and properly arranged.

"Let’s get to work." Without wasting a moment, Vritra found the soul potion section, which was the most important right now.

Even for the rare soul potions, there were lots of shelves; no wonder Diana was so proud and said the Dunshire kingdom is popular for its collection of potions. She was quite good at managing them all.

Vritra picked up a jade bottle that was filled with crystal clear fluid in which small tornado-like images could be seen rising constantly. He removed the cap and then drank the entire contents before throwing it away and moving on to the next.

Diana waited outside for more than ten minutes. Even though she knew that most people would just stare idiotically at the shelves and potions for a few minutes after entering, she was still getting impatient.

But she didn’t enter and just stared at the silver stone. She made herself feel better by saying that he must be amazed by seeing such a grand view.

After ten more minutes, just as Diana was about to enter, the barrier flickered and a figure with slightly red cheeks walked out, his eyes looking a bit hazy.

BURP BURP BURP BURP BURP

Five burps sounded at the same time, but the timing was the same so it sounded like one. Vritra, Yasmine, Nihil-Anima, Demon God’s energy, and Devil-Veyll Mythic Halo—all of them were full to the brim after such a big meal.

Vritra almost felt like he might really explode if he wasn’t careful with the energy in his body. His soul was constantly absorbing the vast and overwhelming energy while the others residing in his body were filled with ecstasy.

"Sorry about that," Vritra said, covering his mouth.

"Are you done?" Diana asked as she stared at the strange changes in him, but she didn’t think too much.

"Yeah, I took a few potions, just very few. That is not a problem, right?" he asked. His face looked even more flushed now.

"No, it is fine. Can we leave now?" Diana asked, still maintaining the prideful air around her.

"I need to take a weapon too. You know I am leaving for a very dangerous adventure, right?" Vritra spoke, with his mouth still covered.

"Sigh, fine, go ahead." After speaking, she glanced at the guards in front of the black door and then gave them the order to open the door and move aside, letting Vritra enter.

The guards, although confused, didn’t question her orders and did as they were told. After the door was opened, they moved further away and made way for him.

"Wait outside for me." Vritra said and then walked into the black door. This time Zengis automatically flew in front of the black door as his figure disappeared into the room.

...

"Whoa, t- this is crazy." Vritra’s eyes were sparkling as he stared at the countless weapons and ornaments that lay in front of him—they were truly dazzling. Most of the weapons were much better than his Axes of Chaos in most aspects. This was truly a treasure trove.

He picked one weapon after another and merged them into his Axes of Chaos, also choosing a few with good abilities to keep them as they were, to be used based on certain situations and emergencies.

After going through a lot of armor, he only liked one body armor that covered the entire body from neck to feet and was made of some kind of very tough and flexible type of leather. On touch, it only felt like silky cloth. It was pitch black in color and wouldn’t be visible in the dark, plus its defense was quite high.

He even chose a few rings that increased his stats, stuffing them all into his inventory all the while merging different weapons into his axes.

...

Diana waited patiently outside the inventories. She stared at the floating silver stone for a while and got bored. The guards didn’t dare to look straight at her and kept their gazes down.

__________

Thanks for reading...