Chapter 475: Demonic Dragon Emerges!

Suddenly, a figure several dozens of feet tall rushed out of the ground, its body twisted and broken, it was like a...

’A Chimera?’ Vritra looked at the creature in surprise, it had countless heads, arms, its body was a mess of flesh and limbs.

So many creatures were used to create that one being, its strength reaching a really high level.

"Kill him!" Oracle gave one command and blew the whistle again, before breaking it, just in case.

Vritra sensed that this thing was quite dangerous, and it would be a little difficult to kill it.

’But I still need a Chimera back in my army.’ Vritra looked at the creature, although it was completely different from his previous Chimera but this would work.

"Dago, let’s fight our next opponent together." Vritra muttered, letting go of his head, he grabbed one of his feet and flew directly towards the Chimera.

All the while using teleportation to dodge the relentless attacks, the Grieves were especially getting annoying as they kept trying to capture him.

Swinging Dago’s body, Vritra struck the Chimera, hitting one of its eyes while the enormous creature let out a twisted noise, before trying to swallow him whole.

There was chaos all around, army of millions on one side and just a few on the other, there hasn’t been such a big fight in a long time.

Maeve and Yennefer fought together, keeping as many enemies busy as they possibly could while helping the soul wraiths.

Red flew up, since his plan to recruit Vritra normally had failed, now he could only use his trump card.

Calling his underling from Bone Blood Cult, he spoke: "Start it, activate the barrier."

"Yes leader." Instantly he left the battlefield and disappeared, soon leaving the cloud city.

’This will work at all costs, no way could my plan fail. Soon Vritra will be a part of the Bone Blood Cult.’ Red grinned hideously, now he just needed to wait a little before starting his plan.

Then his biggest challenge would be to get Vritra out of there.

He just hovered high in the sky, leisurely watching Vritra fight against the enormous Chimera.

Dago was becoming mad, his reputation had completely been ruined. Everyone feared him, he was the emperor of the dragons and now he was reduced to this pitiful state.

Becoming nothing more than a shield.

He let out a deafening roar, forcefully breaking free of Vritra’s grasp finally as his body twisted and he began to transform into a giant green dragon.

His long form flew high into the sky, as he proudly looked down at the entire battlefield and found Red floating right in front of it.

"Hello Dragon Emperor, I believe this is the first time meeting." Red said, standing calmly.

"...Red, you scum human. First I am done with that demon I will come to look for you."

Then he looked down and tried to find Vritra, but saw that the Chimera was rushing in his direction and the demonic dragon was nowhere to be seen.

"Oh looking for Vritra? He is right behind you." Red said, but before Dago could react, Vritra got a hold of his tail and began to swing the enormous dragon around.

"This is better, Dago, you truly are a great help." Vritra said, before hitting the Chimera with the large body of the dragon.

BOOOOOM

Vritra freely swung Dago around, hitting anyone around him while Dago kept struggling, breathing out flames.

Kryn, the leader of the Grieves, finally managed to get closer to Vritra, as he threw the white glyph towards him then flew back.

Clicking his tongue, Vritra tried to teleport away but failed, the bright glyph launched invisible strings that wrapped around him.

And then his body got pulled into the glyph, as Dago finally got free and flew away.

The Chimera had to fulfil its order, before Kryn could reach Vritra, it hastily swallowed the glyph.

As Vritra’s presence disappeared from the battlefield, everyone paused and looked around in shock, before their gazes fixed on the giant Chimera who rushed back into the ground.

"NOOOOO! Masterrrrrr!" Maeve ignored her opponents and flew towards the Chimera, planning to launch a full power blow.

"HUSBAND!" Yennefer too flew towards it, aware that Vritra was trapped inside it.

But then the body of the Chimera froze, before shivering violently, its body bulged and twisted.

Then a clear line appeared over its surface, stretching from the front to back, as a terrifying roar sounded from within its body.

And once again, the whole city got engulfed by the demonic pressure.

Finally, tearing apart the Chimera’s body, a black dragon with red patterns over its scales, burning with purple flames, shot out into the sky.

Its size slightly bigger than even Dago, covering the ground with its shadow.

Everyone paused in Vritra’s presence as he roared and at even faster speed, rushed into the horde of opponents.

"H- How terrifying, is this his current limit?" Red stared at Vritra fighting so many lords in astonishment, marvelling at his capabilities.

For some reason he felt that this new divine might still have some secrets, even more hidden power.

The need to recruit him got even bigger in his heart, he would not let any of them kill or capture him.

Vritra appearing even more horrifying, with a swing of his tail he threw Tin and Vin away, his strength higher than ever.

The battlefield once again seemed to be going on Vritra’s side but he was still far from victory.

And the Chimera quickly healed but got slightly weakened.

The phoenix emperor also changed their forms, planning to fight Vritra at their full power as they tried to burn him with their flames.

But all of it just got sucked into the black hole, making all attacks useless.

The Oracle started deploying a new tactic to once again restrict his strength, if Yennefer hadn’t betrayed them at the last moment then they might have already won this battle.

’But even she is not aware of this formation, with this I can at least restrict 30% of his strength but I need some time.’ Oracle quickly began to pull out more puppets from his storage.

While the others fought against the big dragons, as more and more lords joined hands against Vritra, it became harder for him to fight.

Though not a single attack could injure him, they were on a stalemate.

Finally, Vritra noticed a sudden change as the underling from Bone Blood Cult finally activated the barrier back in the Ghazi city.

’Huh? Suddenly why can’t I...?’ He paused for a moment but had no time as several people attacked him at once.

Red got the signal that their setup was ready, it was time to start.

"STOP!!!" Clearing his throat he let out a loud shout that reverberated across the whole field, and everyone did glance back at him in surprise.

"Vritra, do you still not want to join me even after seeing this?" Red took a step to the side and pointed beside him.

"I said I am not going to joi-" Frustrated, Vritra was replying in a heavy tone, but when his gaze landed on Red again, he froze.

He couldn’t believe his eyes and wondered if it was some illusion, after all just beside Red there was...

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...