Chapter 726 The Lurking Danger [R-18]

Somewhere away from the building where Vritra was staying, a man was flying around.

He paused every now and then, landed and then continued flying.

"Hmm hmm I need to get more clones, those other bastards must already be quite powerful." He muttered, then laughed to himself.

"At least that weak bastard Asmodeus should be gone by now, I wonder if that Einstein guy returned to the city. Keke he must be pissed."

This was none other than the real Magna, who had tried to use Vritra to kill Asmodeus.

He had created several clones already and was creating more to gather a big army for himself but it wasn't so easy to find strong ones.

The Renko city was quite a good field for him, he was using the mutation progress of all the people to get stronger himself.

But because of Vritra's threat, he had to abandon that place and before going he decided to use the lives there one last time.

"I need stronger clones damnit, should I trick one of the players? Sigh," he sighed and looked back at the group of over twenty clones following him.

They all looked exactly like him, but it was more like putting his skin on others and turning them into his puppets.

It was similar to Morgan's ability but Magna was just too cunning.

He just continued to fly for some time before something finally caught his eye.

"Oh, looks like there are people here." He chuckled upon entering a new city, and gazed at a building not too far away.

It had around a dozen people inside, and they all seemed powerful.

"Perfect, a great haul!! With this addition, I can challenge stronger beasts and humans." He laughed and then landed.

The people in the building were completely silent, they all seemed to be resting.

Silently, Magna used the ability of one of the clones to hide them all.

Then they began to enter the building, but soon found that a sort of barrier was present around, which made him sigh.

"That clone was so good, unfortunately I had to sacrifice it. But finally, I can get another barrier-type clone." After that he looked around and gestured towards one of the clones.

Who nodded and drew a door over the barrier with his finger, which started to look like a real door.

"Good job, now go back." This clone was only good for such stuff and didn't contribute in fighting.

Then Magna pushed the door open, and all of them stepped inside.

It was like a horror scene as all the clones looked exactly the same, they all had the same grotesque grin.

Without making a sound, they walked through the corridor.

Soon they paused before one of the doors, Magna looked at his clone who pointed one of his fingers up.

So there was one person inside.

Magna tried to open the door but it was locked, he sighed and gestured for the drawing clone to come forward again.

He quickly drew a door and then moved back.

Magna now pushed open the new door and saw a woman who seemed to be sleeping there, she didn't notice them at all.

'Kek perfect!' he was delighted, it was a waste to turn this beauty into a clone but he had a lot of beauties back on his original planet.

He cut his finger and drew a drop of blood, which he then threw towards the woman.

Since she seemed in deep slumber, the woman didn't resist and the process was very smooth.

The blood spread all over her body and soon turned into what seemed like a red cocoon.

"Done, got one. Let the process continue, she will be ready in a few hours." All the clones grinned at the same time.

It was certainly an ugly scene.

"Let's continue now." He said, and then walked out of the room, heading towards the other room.

The room was full of sweet moans, as Teresa felt Vritra's tongue move inside her body.

It was reaching so deep and poking at the right spots that she couldn't stop herself from orgasming.

"Ahhhhhh~ Husband, I am c- cumming hnnn~" Teresa let out a loud moan and then released waves of sweet nectar directly into Vritra's mouth.

GULP GULP

Vritra held her thigh tightly as he slurped up the delicious fluid, his tongue still wreaking havoc in her pussy.

Even after the sweet liquid had stopped, Vritra continued to lick her inside, making Teresa's body wriggle and twist.

Her fleshy insides clutched his tongue hard as he started to pull it out.

She panted heavily, her eyes clouded as she gazed at him with a needy look, she wanted him to stuff her.

"H- Hubby, give it to me hngggg~"

Before she could finish, Vritra sat up and positioned himself between her legs, pressing the tip of his cock against her wet petals.

Instead of thrusting inside he rubbed up and down, her labia twitched, trying to take a bite of it.

The head moved in slightly before coming out, Teresa bit her lip, she wanted him inside her right away but he was teasing her.

"Hubby, please give it to me HUFF I w- want to feel you inside me…" Teresa spoke, her voice sounding very sexy.

How could Vritra hold back when his sexy goth wife was asking for his cock in such a manner.

Still, instead of shoving it right away, he began to move forward slowly.

Enjoying the feeling as her walls swallowed his cock inch by inch, it was such a wonderful feeling.

First the head got devoured, the tightness and warmth felt incredible, then the hard shaft began to enter.

Teresa moaned as she extended her hands, asking him to embrace her.

Vritra leaned into her arms as more of his penis pushed into her vagina, it was so wet and smooth.

The tightness made him sigh in pleasure, he stayed still for a moment after his cock was all the way inside.

"Are you okay, Tess?" Vritra asked, giving a soft peck on her lips.

"Y- Yes…" she nodded, her belly felt so full, she was full of him.

He was buried so deep, her pussy had already adjusted to the shape of his dick.

Nodding, Vritra pulled back and then thrust forward with more force, making her shiver, the tip was hitting right at her cervix.

The room was now filled with the sound of flesh hitting flesh, Vritra kept increasing the speed and force.

Her breasts cushioned against his chest, hard nipples pressing against his skin.

Vritra captured her lips, their tongues entangling as they exchanged saliva, while he continued to pump deeper and deeper.

Teresa's muffled moans reverberated with each thrust, the hard rod rubbing against her walls, hammering into her.

She was already so sensitive from getting eaten earlier, and with such forceful thrusting, Teresa couldn't last long.

Soon she orgasmed, the hot love juices shooting directly onto his body.

But Vritra didn't pause, he continued with the same speed, feeling her pussy walls clench even harder.

The tip pushed its way into her womb, the tightness increased instantly as Teresa suddenly came again.

She hugged him tightly, her nails scratching his back while the cock drilled into her body.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios