Chapter 91: Divine Tomb-2

"ENOUGH!!"

"Okay, don’t be so angry at me, Cap. I was just trying to scare the other sides’ bitches. Anyway, everyone don’t get blinded by the brilliance of my weapon, everyone." Vritra added, as waves after waves of Sin Points flowed out.

He had already started to enjoy this shameless behaviour—it easily earned him so many points.

Everyone instinctively turned to look at Vritra, actually feeling curious about his weapon. And the moment it appeared, everyone’s eyes widened in surprise and bewilderment.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +11,101}

{Sin Point Gained: Speechless +11,101}

{Sin Point Gained: Confused +11,101}

...

"T- That is your weapon? The legendary weapon, the Death Bringer? Sure kill weapon?" Everyone was at a loss for words.

In Vritra’s hand rested the east’s strongest warriors’ most deadly weapon, the legendary... Slipper.

"He actually took out a slipper? He plans to enter the dangerous tomb using that thing? Is this bastard still messing with us?" All the people broke out in curses and shouts. They truly didn’t know what to feel about it.

But after reading the words on his back, no man dared to step within ten meters of him.

"Boss, just please allow me to stab that shameless bastard. After that, I will have no regrets left even if I die here."

"Hahaha, a great weapon indeed. Just spank everyone with the Death Bringer, pitiful one hahaha."

"Let’s just thrash the other side. I always knew these dark organisations are evil, but they were hiding a hideous, vicious creature like that. Even for them, it is too low. If I don’t kill him today, then I will name my children—Cuck Nut and Regretful Jizz."

...

Both sides were extremely mad and ended up fighting just because of one person. But in the end, the tomb was much more important, so the leaders silenced their groups. They just decided to enter if it meant getting away from that contagious, detestable organism.

The Nine Pacts were the first to jump in as they threw vicious curses and threats toward that one person. In a way, Vritra had just united the dark and the righteous factions just by being the common enemy.

Within a minute, all the men from the Nine Pacts had disappeared. Only Vritra and the Golden Moon remained behind.

Vritra didn’t want to stay alone with that group. All of them were releasing very strong killing intent toward him and waves of Sin Points, so he walked towards the door, and before entering, he looked back and spat out even more disrespectful words.

"Yo, Necrophile shits with enlarged backdoors, yes, I am talking to the six of you. Did you ever wonder why your daddy never returned after going out to buy milk? Heh That is because—" Vritra paused, then jumped into the darkness of the door.

{Sin Point Gained: Betrayed +6,707}

{Sin Point Gained: Missed +5,290}

"You inhumane freak, at least finish what you were saying!!"

"Why? WHY?!! Why did he not return? And did they have a common daddy—I mean, father? Tell me the reason." Lots of people who got interested in hearing that were disappointed as Vritra left them at the crucial point.

"SILENCE!!" The lion masked man shouted. That unknown boy was too vulgar and shameless. They all really wanted to slice him apart.

...

Vritra passed through the darkness. A blinding light hit his face, making him shut his eyes for a moment. After a moment, he opened his eyes and carefully observed his surroundings.

This place seemed the complete opposite of the previous space. It was completely white in colour, but he could actually see walls in the distance—at least this place didn’t seem endless.

On the walls, there were several dozen levers which were all turned upwards, and it was unknown what would happen if someone pulled those levers.

The men in black robes were already cautiously observing their surroundings. They didn’t dare to make even the slightest movement without instructions from the leaders.

In the front, there was another big gate which was shut tight.

"Hmm, as I thought, this tomb is built in a separate space. Be careful here, there might be places where even your fourth dimension might not allow escape. If the space is broken and separated, then void appears between them, and I don’t think even the fourth dimension will help you pass through it," Yasmine warned.

Vritra nodded. He was being as cautious as he could be. He didn’t take the two groups or the tomb lightly at all.

Soon, the Golden Moon also entered through the door and arrived in the white space. They looked at their surroundings curiously and cautiously, for a while forgetting about Vritra.

"It seems one among all these levers might open the door, but there are a total of one hundred forty-eight levers.

Is there a way to find the correct lever?" Number Two mumbled. He walked around the group to find any kind of clue but couldn’t—except for those strange letters.

"Hmm... how strange. It seems some kind of letters are written on those levers, but that is the Minoan Crete language. We haven’t even been able to decipher 1% of it since it’s hard to find texts related to that language,"

Number Four, the expert in solving puzzles and ancient languages, muttered. He was the biggest hope for their team in passing through Stage One.

On the other side, the fox masked man also began to observe the levers carefully, since there might be other traps in the white room.

Vritra grinned under his mask. If this test was related to language, then who could be better than him here? It was completely his forte and a test solely made for him.

He looked at the levers and instantly understood those words. It didn’t take him more than a moment to find the actual way that would open the door.

He laughed after finding the solution to this challenge. Whoever designed this must have loved playing pranks on people.

Yes, Vritra— with his Language Mastery skill— could easily bring everyone to the other side.

But was he a good enough person to help those more than eleven thousand nervous men pass safely along with him?

Heh. He would rather let them suffer before they were able to move to the next area.

Of course, he wasn’t planning to kill those Sin Point generator lambs, but even if they were bruised and battered and kept barely alive, they could still be put to work and made use of until their last moments.

{Sin Point Gained: Glared At +10,673}

{Sin Point Gained: Threatened +9,267}

...

Vritra ignored those messages. He didn’t make any more remarks and stood silently. Soon, the display messages quieted down, and the attention of all the people was now completely focused on the first challenge of the tomb.

"Do you think all these levers might be a trap?" Number Four couldn’t help but ask. Even enemies might have to cooperate for a bit to avoid unnecessary losses on both sides.

"It might be possible. But I believe one among them is the answer to this puzzle. Why does it have to be this ancient language of all? Damn it!!" The fox masked man cursed.

____________

Thanks for reading...