Chapter 423: The winner takes it all!

[D-Day 14]

Suddenly the whole arena was filled with lights and various people spread across the seats—there were Onest, Shitless, Xi, and many other demons whom Maeve had called.

The people were crazily betting money and getting different types of glyphs.

Vritra wasn’t low on money; he only added this part to attract more and make it more fun.

The number of people was increasing gradually, and the news of the event had already started to spread.

"Haa, that was a bit tough but we managed to do it. But I think we would have to call for more people as the crowd increases." Maeve landed beside Vritra and spoke.

She already knew the details but was just as excited as others.

Once everything was settled, Vritra flew higher into the sky as everything darkened once again, and then light fell towards the fighting area.

"Be ready, the game has started!"

Right after saying so, Vritra and Maeve disappeared, and now only the people in the arena remained—they stood frozen and consumed with terror.

All three subjects were terrified. Although the zombies didn’t have full control over their bodies, they could feel everything, and their bodies kept urging them to eat more flesh and organs.

The bandits were terrified too, unable to understand anything.

They were just about to make the biggest heist of their lives and then suddenly appeared here.

ROOAAAARRRRRRRR!

It was Bullo’s roar that brought everyone to their senses. The large bull charged toward the zombies, pointing its large and dangerous horns at them.

All the zombies moved in haste and rushed toward the bandits—eating them alive seemed the best idea right now.

And lastly, the bandits attacked the fat pig demon. Vritra had lowered Ziggy’s defenses and strength with his Forbidden Skill.

Countless dust statues rose all over the area and began to launch arrows and spears toward everyone.

"Kekeke, take this attack, asshole, and die!!" someone in the public shouted like a maniac, and then threw a glyph at a zombie.

WHOOSH

The zombie barely dodged the glyph as it hit the area behind him, but then with a loud boom, a thin stem of a flower appeared that charged straight into the zombie’s body from below.

"Whoa, I hit it! Keke, now let’s see what this thing is going to do. Hurry, kill him!"

The stem continued to grow, all eyes focused on it, and then it pierced through the zombie’s brain before blossoming into a beautiful flower that made his head explode.

Of course, Vritra wouldn’t lose such free experience points. He had arranged a few of his soul wraiths to kill them and swallow their souls.

"WHOAAA! I WON! I FUCKING WON! I KILLED A DAMNED Bone Blood Cult ZOMBIE!" The man cheered loudly, jumping on his seat.

In a few moments, a man flew closer and threw at him five times the amount he had spent, making him regret that he hadn’t used more coins.

"Me! Me! Give me those glyphs too! Take all my money, I need to erase them from this earth too!"

"Ughhh, I didn’t bring much money—can I borrow some? I will repay by winning. I can’t miss this moment, I have to kill those bastards at any cost!"

All the people began to shout, and the sales of the glyphs rose instantly.

If they could kill the zombies, their money would be 5x, 10x for bandits, and 30x for the pig demon who was rushing all over the arena, dodging the attacks.

"OINK OINK Let me goooo! My father OINK OINK is going to butcher you all—he is dem—cough—he is a lord!" Ziggy shouted.

"Haha! Look at the fatty, lying through his teeth! If your father is a lord, then my father is the lord fucker!! Keke, take this fatso, let me just pierce that delicate body of yours!"

Someone in the crowd shouted, who had placed his bet on Ziggy for bigger rewards.

Only after the first person was killed did Vritra reappear, and instantly thousands of sin points flooded in. They all looked at him with respect and reverence.

The number had already increased to over 11k.

ROOAAARRRRR!!

Bullo let out a terrifying scream and pierced each of his horns through a zombie, running at full speed and attacking them.

Vritra had promised more meat for more kills.

{Sin Point Gained: Called out +11,634}

{Sin Point Gained: Respected +11,340}

{Sin Point Gained: Begged for money +4,354}

...

Vritra flew across the arena, getting as many reactions as possible.

After thirty or so minutes had passed, he snapped his finger, and everyone stopped.

"Now, let’s make it more interesting." Instantly, a large dust giant rose high into the sky, its body large enough to crush the subjects with one stomp.

"Now, the three subjects will be killing this giant thing. The one with the last hit will be the winner. As for our participants, the rules are still the same."

Vritra said, and after a loud clap, the giant came to life, astonishing everyone.

It was just getting better and better.

Terrified, all the subjects hurriedly attacked the giant, but even their combined attacks could barely do any damage, making them feel despair and hopelessness.

"T- This... how are we supposed to OINK OINK kill it?" Ziggy kept jumping away as a few of the zombies got killed by the giant.

"See! At its forehead, there is a stone. I think we need to destroy it!" The tattooed bandit shouted, using Piggy’s body as a shield.

"I see, Oink Oink, so that’s how it is. This makes things Oink a lot easier. Everyone! Boost me up; after jumping that high, I will destroy it." Ziggy shouted, his fat body jiggling.

"No, I will be the one going up, you are too heavy." The leader of the bandits jumped away and shouted.

"I will be able to deal more damage, OINK OINK. Hurry up, this is no time to fight!" Ziggy shouted, and the leader reluctantly agreed.

"At three... two... one!!" All of them got closer and threw Ziggy toward the head of the giant with their full strength.

WHOOSH

Right at that moment, a glyph flew and hit Ziggy in the face. Instantly, his body got wrapped by a metallic ring, and he was thrown off course.

"Fuck, I knew it! Let’s not waste the momentum—throw me up!"

The tattooed man shouted, and then his body was thrown up.

Several glyphs flew towards him too, but he barely dodged them all, and with all his might, he broke the stone.

BANG!

"Yaaayyyyy! We did it! Finally, I can spend my entire life in a prison—you fuckers can rot here and eat one another." The leader shouted, shocking all the subjects.

The large giant instantly began to crumble. The people were unhappy that they wouldn’t be able to kill that inhumane scum.

But just then, the dust that spread onto the ground turned into tiny dust ants—millions of them at least.

"W-What? T-Take me out! I won! Keep your promise!" The leader shouted in panic. Aside from the ants, even the other men were looking at him with murderous gazes.

"Heh, why should I? What makes you think I give a damn about your life, but..." Vritra suddenly paused dramatically.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...