Chapter 60: Devil in the capital

Even though the cost of using the final trump card was extremely high, it couldn’t be costlier than his own life. Arthur’s hate for these demonic figures had risen to the extreme level; he wanted to slaughter them all at any cost.

"BODY AND MIND, ENERGY AND SOUL, SKY AND EARTH, DEFENSE AND—" Arthur chanted something in haste while forming some kind of symbols with his hands—or whatever was left of his hands.

His energy began to rise rapidly, as golden symbols began to swim around him, not only protecting him but also increasing his strength at a very fast pace.

Hellmancer was already doing its best to greatly restrict the golden knight. Otherwise, Arthur wouldn’t have received several attacks, and he didn’t even get to release any attack of his own. This was because of the great mage, whose chains of restriction still remained wrapped around the knight.

The Demonic Golem was holding back the man in the black robe who had already started to launch attacks from inside. He didn’t hold back and launched one attack after another, gradually weakening the Golem’s defense.

The strange person was slightly stronger than Arthur, so it was taking all of Demonic Golem’s energy to hold back such a strong foe.

The wyrm had already lost all of its energy after that attack and had disappeared, but its attack had undoubtedly greatly weakened Arthur’s physical defense, almost turning him into a meat paste.

The demonic giant couldn’t do much at this point. With its strength, it couldn’t deal much damage to the golden knight— even though he had weakened— but now it seemed he had obtained a strong shield and even his body was getting stronger.

Only Chimera was the one who could still deal great damage to Arthur. But aside from releasing that piercing roar, it wasn’t launching any additional attacks.

The Hellmancer— whose body was trembling because of overexertion— even wondered if this mindless, strongest brother of theirs didn’t understand their master’s command properly.

At this moment, it seemed all their hard work and effort in ambushing him would be wasted. Maybe Vritra only planned to scare them a bit but didn’t actually plan to kill them. The Hellmancer wondered but held on with even more determination.

Arthur showed a hideous grin on his broken face. One of his eyeballs had melted, and he looked very disgusting at this moment. He would annihilate all these creatures as soon as his transformation completed. It was only because of Hellmancer and Chimera that his transformation had slowed down.

’What exactly was their motive? Even though they were targeting the king, it didn’t seem the king was their real target. I was the one they planned to take out from the beginning.

But what could be the reason? Is it to remove the king’s shield? Did their attacks fail since even after all that they were unable to kill me? Then what now? Are they just waiting for me to use my biggest trump card? Something is wrong...’

Even now, Arthur’s mind was sufficiently clear. All these thoughts appeared in his mind in less than a moment. Despite knowing that something was amiss, in his current condition, he could do nothing but put all his hopes on his final trump card.

[Fourth Dimension Deactivated]

At this moment, Arthur felt a chill down his body as suddenly a presence appeared exactly beside him out of nowhere. His body trembled, and for the first time in the entire fight, he panicked and felt a long-lost feeling—FEAR!!

{Sin Point Gained: Frozen +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Feared +1}

Arthur saw that it was a person wrapped in a black cloth, and it was impossible to see his identity. He focused all his attention on this person, who seemed the most mysterious out of all the current enemies.

From the start, everything had been too random yet deliberately planned, where one action led to another and each needed to be followed in succession; the strongest warrior of the Dunshire Kingdom, the experienced and proud warrior, had been led by the nose from the very start.

From the Hellmancer to the wyrm and Chimera, all of that had been just the preparation for what was about to come. As this thought popped into Arthur’s mind, he was filled with unease and shock.

After the corpse had exploded, the plan had already started; the moment he began to protect the king, he had already fallen into the trap. The enemy had cleverly made him unable to attack and forced him to defend only.

’H-How terrifying...’ Arthur’s remaining eye was filled with vigilance. But for now, he could only trust that the protective shield of his trump card would protect him until his transformation was complete.

...

[Shift Activated.]

[Strength → Agility]

...

++++++++++++++++

Strength: 10 Agility: 3255

++++++++++++++++

[Partial Dragon Transformation Activated!!]

Lustrous black scales grew over Vritra’s arms, legs, neck, chest, back, and cheeks. His strength and defense began to rise rapidly; he had never felt this level of power coursing through his body.

His speed had increased to the limit at this moment. He raised his right hand and shot it toward the top of Arthur’s head at full speed using all his might, not holding back even a bit as the sound of air being torn apart rang out.

Even the partial dragon transformation had increased his strength and defense stat by quite a bit. Those black scales looked almost indestructible.

The speed was so fast that in his current state, the golden knight only saw a blurry thing flash in front of him. He had no way of dodging it.

Dust swirled around Vritra’s fist, becoming sharper and sharper. It was so concentrated that just a slight touch would cut most things apart, while at the same time the temperature rose rapidly, making the surroundings extremely hot.

Then a dark purple flame burst out and completely covered his right fist. The air began to distort slightly and was destroyed just by coming in contact with this flame.

Evil-Veyll God Essence!!

Made from two extreme energies: the energy of one of the demon gods and the flames of the 2nd-ranked Mythic Halo, which is known for its destructive power.

So even if the purple flames that Vritra possessed were slightly weak right now, they were still enough to destroy any kind of defense, possessing vast destructive power.

Along with Evil-Veyll God Essence, a colourless flame also covered his right fist, as very faint lines could be seen extending in the space around his fist. Although Nihil-Anima couldn’t harm his physical body, it was the bane of all souls.

Vritra exhausted all the mana in his body in just a moment.

Containing all the destructive energy, Vritra’s fist descended on Arthur’s head. The fearless warrior for the first time experienced what was the fear of death. He had always believed that when death came, he would be able to accept it like a trophy.

But now, he wanted to live so badly. He wanted to do anything to survive, but all he could do was stand there and take the attack head-on.

Just a moment before the lightning-fast fist struck Arthur, its energy increased even further.

____________

Thanks for reading...