Chapter 55: Kinky

Max was baffled for a moment. After all, he was the one to deliver that strike that left Vritra paralyzed for a while, but he soon returned to his usual self. A mocking smile spread across his face as he laughed and spoke:

"Seriously, all of us have missed you so much, we were truly sad when we heard that you died. All of our rooms have gotten really dirty. Now that you are back, won’t you use that great ability of yours to help us clean everything?"

{Sin Point Gained: Taunted +1}

The tense atmosphere became normal again. Everyone’s attention was now completely on Vritra; they still found it hard to believe that he actually looked like this.

"Sure, I will help you clean everything." Vritra spoke, his gaze moving from Max to Fiona for a moment as his lips curled up. He could give others a normal death, but for a selected few, he planned to torture them both physically and mentally before killing them.

Vritra observed the group of his classmates. His teacher and a few students were gone. It seemed three or four people from Max’s group had gone out to train, so they weren’t attending the meeting. Even Jace and Tyler were there, though both still looked a bit weak because of stress.

Encouraged by Max’s words, a member of his group called Raino the pervert laughed and hit the armrest as he spoke:

"Yeah, I got a little dust on my clothes. Can you help me clean it, sir janitor?"

A few of the teenagers who were friends with Max laughed. A few like Fiona and Jack didn’t pay much attention to such comments. A very few felt pity.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Laughed at +25}

{Sin Point Gained: Got Pitied +9}

{Sin Point Gained: Observed +168}

’Sigh, keep the sin points coming... such a refreshing feeling.’ Vritra’s smile widened. Normally, he wouldn’t show off too much, but now he got stronger by showing off, so Vritra wasn’t planning to shy away.

Looking at Raino with a friendly smile, Vritra nodded:

"Of course, my friend. It is our duty to contribute as much as we can in whatever ways."

{Sin Point Gained: Looked down upon +164}

"Hmm, you indeed look dirty. You should be careful of the dust on your clothes..."

As Vritra spoke, he twirled his finger in the air as the dust particles swirled around Raino like small blades, and before he could even notice, his clothes had been torn to shreds. But they were still stuck to his body as Vritra continued:

"Also, dust on your face and the seat you are seated on. Dust could be anywhere and in any form."

As Vritra finished speaking, a beastial roar filled with utter pain rang out, startling almost all the people present there. His body jerked up like a spring as all the clothes on his body were cut into tiny pieces. Countless small cuts appeared on his face, but what was worst of all was the thing that everyone saw on his seat.

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +169}

All the people were shocked to see a small thick needle of nearly 10 cm height made of dust standing straight at the place Raino was seated on. It was covered in blood.

"Oh, sorry. I didn’t notice you were using something like that to sit on, aren’t you a kinky one." Vritra said as he turned his eyes away from the slightly fat naked boy, who was holding his ass and jumping around like a monkey, a small joke hanging between his legs.

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +76}

{Sin Point Gained: Silenced +11}

{Sin Point Gained: Tormented +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Enraged +1}

Max was extremely angry, but before he could do anything, Fiona pulled him back and shook her head. She could feel that Vritra wasn’t weak. In fact, she wasn’t sure she would be able to defeat him even after reaching a level as high as 81.

Max was even slightly weaker than her. She didn’t want the boy she loved to suffer something like that or be a joke. How could she allow his bad boy image to be ruined?

Even Vanessa was a little worried since he did something like that in front of everyone, even the king is here, but seeing that no one made a big issue out of it she felt relieved.

Ignoring Raino, Vritra looked at the king and spoke in a solemn tone:

"Actually, it was me who called out this meeting. There is very important news that I needed to share with everyone."

’What is this Great Demon Emperor planning to do now? Whatever it is, he is certainly going to create trouble.’ Diana thought and sighed. She knew she would have to help in whatever situation he ends up in.

"...Is that so? What kind of news do you have to share?" the king glanced at Raino, who was being carried by a couple of guards, creating a long line of blood on the ground.

’So Yasmine, how strong do you think the king and the other two are?’ Vritra asked. He didn’t use the appraisal skill since he had checked it before, and strong people could feel if someone was probing their strength.

"That man in golden armor is very strong. If you were to go all out without hiding any of your abilities and trump cards such as soul wraiths and that purple flame, then there is an eighty percent chance you could kill him, twenty percent chance that he could escape. His level is definitely above 800; he must be one of the top warriors of this kingdom.

As for the king, he is strong, but I can tell he gathered those levels like your mother, so you would be able to kill him without using everything you have. His level should be around five hundred, and he is several centuries old despite his appearance.

As for that man in black, I am certain he is from the Nine Pacts. Dealing with him will be troublesome. If we manage to kill him, we would only be attracting a lot of trouble toward us. It would be better to avoid him for now, but in the worst case, we will have to leave this kingdom after killing him." Yasmine explained in a serious tone.

Vritra nodded internally. Then his smile transformed into a solemn expression as he spoke:

"King, when I was returning to the castle from the labyrinth a day ago, I found something in the capital."

Then he took out a demonic giant’s corpse out of his inventory. He had kept a few for explosions and rations. As the large body of the giant fell to the ground, it covered a big part of the hall. All the teenagers gasped at seeing such a terrifying demon; they could tell it was several times stronger than them.

{Sin Point Gained: Bewildered +122}

{Sin Point Gained: Petrified +67}

"Oh? Tell me more about it." The king spoke as he observed the corpse and saw that its head was split in two, though it still remained connected to its body.

The man in golden remained still, his soul duty was to protect the king but the person in black robe appeared quite interested.

_____________

Thanks for reading...