Chapter 736 The Top of the Tower!!

Teresa calmed down after staying in Vritra's arms for a while.

After knowing everything that happened, he knew that it wasn't Fiona's fault, neither did she want to harm Teresa.

But he knew that the relation between the two wasn't good, and it was completely because of Fiona.

So maybe the guilt she was feeling would resolve the earlier hate.

Vritra didn't blame Fiona and just allowed the two women to talk it out properly.

Fiona apologized and Teresa didn't even blame her, so the two quickly made up and the earlier distance was certainly reduced.

Fiona was no longer so cold towards her and Teresa didn't feel hesitant to talk to her.

Once everything was resolved, it was time to move to the next floor.

"But there is no key." Vritra spoke, he looked at the door and found that it was already open.

"Let's continue." Although Teresa was safe now, it was only because of Divine's intervention.

She was in so much danger and almost died, this put Vritra in a terrible mood.

The already piling hatred in his heart for the gods increased even further, and he knew that this tower was only going to get more dangerous.

"Be careful, we will be increasing our speed." He spoke.

…

The gods in the white space were shocked to see that somehow Teresa was safe and all of them were already moving to the next floor.

What had happened in their moments of carelessness?

Divine just came, beat them up, took very precious things, made changes to the game and left, just like that.

While the ten gods could do nothing, his strength was too terrifying.

The gods could kill thousands of demigods with a snap, destroy planets, their strength wasn't weak.

It was just that Divine was too damn terrifying.

"Hoo, it is fine. This tower is designed only for players, the normal humans are allowed to enter only for the entertainment of the higher beings.

There is no chance they could pass through." The Sun god spoke calmly.

They all pretended as if what happened earlier was unreal.

…

Back in the tower, Vritra and the others quickly moved to the next floor.

However, before the danger even arrived, a violent explosion took place, sweeping through the entire floor.

BOOOOOOM!!

All the creatures inside were instantly annihilated, and the key appeared.

Vritra had just used the blood explosion to clear the floor the moment they had set foot on it.

"Next floor!!" Shitless said, he was waiting to be able to fight and the opportunity was approaching.

Just like that, they had reached the 265th floor and by now the mutants had reached the 9th evolution.

The gods were pretty shocked.

It had been several months since this game started, but they didn't expect anyone to reach this level.

They hadn't left any such opportunity that could make anyone so strong.

So the Sun god ordered the book god to check things about them.

The book god wasted no time and within a couple of minutes gathered as much info as he could.

And it shocked him greatly.

"T- They had been locked in their room for nearly 6 months and only some time ago did they start their evolution!" the book god spoke in surprise.

"After leaving, their strength has grown rapidly and the biggest jump came after they entered the death trap we had set up. The beast cave!" he spoke, surprising everyone.

That was just to wipe out more humans, it wasn't some training ground but a death trap.

"So they had killed all the beasts and came out? No wonder their strength is so high, looks like we underestimated the people of this planet." The rope god spoke, thinking of some way to stop them.

"Like I said, they can't clear it no matter what, since they aren't players." The Sun god interrupted.

The others could only nod, but this group was quickly approaching the 300th floor which was the top.

…

"And floor 289 is cleared!!" Shitless announced happily, very soon he would be able to return to their planet.

Bullo must be missing him so much, he almost became teary thinking about Bullo.

Shitless wanted to introduce his new slave to him.

Vritra and the others climbed and stepped onto the 290th floor, there were no creatures around.

There were only ten rooms, and then a text appeared before them.

[Just enter one of the rooms to pass the floor.]

"Ah so this is meant to wipe out some people from the group if there are more than 10." Diana spoke, as her gaze moved to Asmodeus.

"…" Asmodeus stood straight, looking at the rooms with a fearless look.

"You can go, it is fine. I would have died long ago anyway, sigh goodbye master." He turned his head to the other side, tears leaking from his eyes.

"Nooo, my slave… I will remember you." Shitless turned his heart into stone, this sacrifice had to be made.

They began to enter the rooms, the women entered first then Vritra and finally Shitless and Onest.

Asmodeus sighed, so this is how it all ends.

He only hoped that the death is painless, he only participated in these games to protect some important people.

It wasn't his fighting capability that had brought him so far though.

After all, the games not only test strength, he was far more creative than the other players.

The doors to the rooms closed one after another.

But just as he closed his eyes, his body, like a puppet, started to move on its own.

"Huh? What is happening?" he then moved into the room Shitless was standing in.

"It is fine, you can go too if you are just a puppet." Vritra spoke, he had gotten many abilities through which he could turn people into his puppets.

Although he was still a live human, now he was just a mere weapon and shouldn't be stopped.

The doors finally closed, and complete darkness engulfed them.

Asmodeus was very nervous at first.

After a few moments, the eleven of them appeared on the next floor, leaving the gods speechless.

And then he was incredibly happy, he thanked Vritra, feeling really grateful.

They all looked at the Sun god who coughed lightly and added: "There could always be some loopholes."

Sighing, they looked back at the screen, and one after another Vritra's group continued to clear up the floor.

The monsters were incredibly powerful by now, their strength reaching close to the 10th evolution.

So even after using several spiritual bursts, the mutants didn't die.

Vritra had to kill them using the blood manipulation skill, and soon they were at the 298th floor.

Then thousands of golems with extremely high defenses appeared in front of them.

Killing them all with blood would take a while and they didn't have any blood in their bodies.

So, Vritra finally gave Shitless the permission he wanted.

"Shitless, go kill them all, the battlefield is all yours."

"Hahaha Finally!! Just watch me, my slave, how I beat them all!" turning his body into metal, Shitless ran forward at full speed.

BOOM BOOM BOOM

He smashed into the golems who also began to charge forward.

The bodies of the golems exploded to pieces as Shitless laughed loudly, breaking them apart.

He ran around wildly, using his full strength and kept destroying them all.

Some that moved past him were killed by others, it still wasn't too difficult for the group.

After a while the whole room had been cleared, all the golems were dead.

Soon the pieces of their bodies turned into a key which opened the door to the next floor.

299th floor!

"Sun, they are already so high, shouldn't we do something?" the smallest god asked.

"It is fine, they can't clear the 300th floor anyway. They are not players!" the Sun god spoke firmly, he had designed the floors and had set it in this way.

Arriving on the new floor, Vritra saw a long road in front of them, there were no creatures but a lot of portals were present above the road.

"Looks like this time we are only going to defend." Vanessa spoke, they all could sense that the portals were dangerous.

Vritra created several layers of bubbles around them, opened the domain, created a blood shield and finally started to move forward.

The road was around 500 metres, and at the end of the road was an open door.

The plan was to cross it very quickly, but then a line made them pause.

[Cross the road by walking, running will create penalties!]

"Tch" the group collectively clicked their tongues, sighing they started to walk forward.

BOOM BANG

CRASH

Instantly, waves of attacks came crashing down at them, each attack extremely powerful.

The group completely disappeared within the barrage of attacks, there were all sorts of attacks.

From physical weapons to elemental to pure energy and much more, several bubble layers broke apart quickly.

These attacks had already reached the 10th evolution level, enough to kill them if they were careless.

Teresa and the others also began to use their abilities to stop the attacks, a layer of shadow appeared, then layers of water, air and much more.

The group continued to walk and the attacks only got stronger and stronger, so strong that they could destroy an entire city.

All the layers of barriers broke apart, as even spatial attacks struck them.

Vritra's body transformed into blood as he began to take over the attacks with his body, the others also used the abilities of their ascension path.

Despite the destructiveness, the eleven continued to walk forward.

Until there was only 1 metre or so left and an extremely powerful attack landed.