Chapter 550 Humbled

Teresa was sitting peacefully in the car, imagining her new life with her husband, unaware of the fight outside.

Vritra again teleported in front of the broken old man, who was coughing and had such a bad injury, but it wasn't life threatening.

Leaning forward, he held Sir Giant by his head and pulled him out of the rubble.

"Since you are so confident about being able to protect her, then let's see if you truly can."

Then he activated an innate ability of his new race.

[Devouring the Giant's Physique!]

Instantly, the place was filled with Sir Giant's painful groans as his body began to deteriorate, and energy started flowing into Vritra's body.

It wasn't mana, but the very energy that made up his body. His physique was getting stolen.

"S- Stop, cough…" Sir Giant couldn't even speak properly as he coughed out blood, feeling weaker and weaker.

Vritra wondered if he should take out his core too, but that would certainly kill this old man.

So for now, he decided to let the core be.

Using Null, he created a sphere around them where the speed was far faster than the outside.

Sir Giant soon started to look more shriveled, he was still a lord but a whole lot weaker now.

It was that physique of his that made him so strong, but now it was gone.

[You have successfully stolen the Giant's Physique!]

[Your Physique grows stronger.]

Vritra finally let go of Sir Giant, as the old man weakly fell back into the rubble.

Sensing the changes, Vritra could feel that this was even better than Dago's physique. The feeling of growing even slightly was quite good.

"Oh Grandpa, what happened to you? Who did this to you?"

A worried expression appeared on Vritra's face as he knelt down and pulled out one of the best healing potions, created by Diana.

He poured it all into the dazed old man's mouth, as his injuries started healing instantly.

His complexion got better within a minute, after all he was still a lord.

"Are you okay? At your age, you should be resting. What are you doing going around and picking fights with young people?"

Vritra helped Sir Giant up, the old guy completely terrified of him.

'W- What sort of monster is he?! D- Did we make a mistake by marrying Teresa to him? He is a complete psycho…'

Seeing Vritra help him, Sir Giant felt a shiver run down his spine.

Within moments, Sir Giant's injuries were gone. Although he still looked a bit weak and more aged, he was fine now.

It was only his strength that had decreased greatly.

"Hurry up and get changed. You can't send off your dear granddaughter like that, right? And make sure to behave properly, or the Fords might become extinct."

Vritra said, patting his shoulder.

Then he walked back toward the vehicle, leaving Sir Giant shivering.

"…Did Grandpa agree?" Teresa asked as Vritra sat inside the vehicle.

"Why wouldn't he? I just showed a bit of my super strength and he allowed it. Who could protect you better than me?"

Vritra said, looking into her pitch black eyes.

After a minute, Sir Giant reappeared, this time in a different set of clothes.

All the people present there had been frozen when the fight between Vritra and Sir Giant took place.

So they were all unaware of the short battle, and in a span of moments, the strongest man of the Ford family was beaten up.

'Just who is he? His strength is terrifying. Is he someone from the Divine Kage or some powerful hidden organization?'

Sir Giant's hands were shivering as he stopped in front of the decorated vehicle.

"Teresa, take care of yourself. I- I will come to meet you soon. J- Just promise me that you will protect her."

Sir Giant spoke as his gaze shifted from Teresa to Vritra.

"Of course I will. Goodbye, enjoy your rest."

Vritra said, and within moments the vehicles started moving.

"Great Grandpa, what's wrong?" Rich looked at Sir Giant and asked. The old guy suddenly looked more aged.

"…It is nothing, I am just sad about her departure."

Sir Giant said, then looked at the building behind him, which was still broken.

Vritra had actually destroyed Teresa's room, showing she would never be coming back there.

***

Smog flew at full speed, Shen couldn't catch up to him no matter how fast he went.

The overconfident seat only increased his speed upon seeing Shen, thinking he was trying to stop his mission.

"Wait, wait, that's not Teresa!!" Shen shouted, seeing his wife hitting things left and right.

Sakshi continued to scream, and before long they arrived near the headquarters of the Golden Moon.

"Oracle, I have brought Teresa Ford along with me, the Stealer of Fate. But her brother won't stop following me."

Smog shouted, running into a building, Sakshi getting dragged along.

But now she was foaming at the mouth, her body twitching. She was completely covered in wounds.

"Oh, good job-"

Oracle, who was busy looking into the future, walked out of the hall.

But he paused upon seeing the woman behind Smog. First, he slapped Smog hard.

"You idiot! I told you to bring her here respectfully. What the hell have you done? Why did you drag her here?"

Oracle shouted in rage.

Rubbing his cheek, Smog looked back in shock. Wasn't she a lord?

How could she not even fly?

"Wait, are you Teresa Ford?" Oracle walked closer and questioned. He couldn't feel anything special from this ugly woman.

She wasn't even at the Ford realm.

"Of course she is not. She is Sakshi Ford, my wife. I was trying to stop him but he wouldn't listen to me."

Shen finally arrived, his heart chilling upon seeing her condition.

SLAP

Oracle slapped Smog again. These stupid people could never do one thing right.

"We are sorry for the confusion. I will properly punish him. Please take your wife back."

Oracle said respectfully, this was Sir Giant's family after all.

"Sigh. You people… Sakshi, are you alright?"

Shen clicked his tongue and pulled the chain off her feet.

"…h- hate him, k- kill him, ughh cough, s- save me…"

She kept muttering like a broken radio. Sighing, Shen glared at the two men and then took her away.

***

Inside the car, Vritra and Teresa sat close, hand in hand, as they enjoyed the scenery around them.

"Hubby, I am finally done with work here. Sigh, I missed such a good show."

Yasmine's voice sounded in his ear.

'Yeah, but there will be more to come for the Ford family. Anyway, we are now returning to the Yate realm, let's meet there directly.'

Vritra replied, his head resting on Teresa's shoulder.

"Alright, I am missing you already. Plus I need you to fill me again. Don't forget your first wife. Sob, poor me has to fight for your affection against so many women."

Yasmine said dramatically.

'Yes, yes, my queen. We will do as you say.'

Vritra said, shaking his head.

"Husband…" Teresa called out softly, she was feeling a little homesick already.

Vritra gave a light, gentle squeeze to her hand, before bringing it to his lips and kissing the back of her hand.

"Hmm."

He hummed. He liked her even more when she took his side against her family.

Now that she was all his, he was going to spoil her rotten with his love.

❖❖❖