Chapter 151: Blame Shifting

"Kekeke, Nine Pacts has your demon cores—take them if you dare." Blunder laughed loudly. He enjoyed this messy situation.

Demon Generals against Nine Pacts and Bone Blood Cult.

Nine Pacts against Vritra, Demon Generals, and Bone Blood Cult.

Bone Blood Cult against everyone.

"So both of you were in on this together. Looks like I’ll have to do the questioning with your corpses." Thaddeus roared as he took out a large metallic bat shaped staff.

His body began to transform in the next moment, his muscles bulging and enlarging at an alarming rate, as his veins wiggled like worms. His body soon became more than twenty feet in height, and his face resembled a bull as his round horns became even more deadly, glowing with a bright white light.

"Cover this place. No one is allowed to leave from this moment on." Morvik said.

"What about those carriages?" Silquor questioned, as he pulled out a magical staff from the air and began to wave it around.

"They are just insignificant humans. It doesn’t matter what happens to them. They will end up dead in a battle of this level anyway." Morvik spoke as he removed his worn out clothes and stored them away carefully, now only wearing the white cloth that covered his entire body.

His body twisted and wriggled in the air, slowly transforming into an enormous insect with several large wings on its back and countless feet that had sharp tips. The white clothes were torn to pieces as the gigantic insect towered over every person present.

"Keke, that transformation of yours is always so ugly—it completely breaks your cool act." Silquor laughed as he created a large dome around the forest, completely locking everyone inside.

The three Demon Generals were ready to slaughter most of the people present in this vicinity. Their only goal was to find the real thief and get back the core.

"Are you sure you want the Nine Pacts as your enemy?" Faceless asked, his voice as calm as ever.

The Nine Pacts’ members might be much weaker than the Demon Generals, but they weren’t afraid. If the higher ups of their organization learned of this, then these three Demon Generals who had lost their lord would be hunted until the end of the world.

Silquor, Thaddeus, and Morvik were aware of all this as well, so they weren’t even planning to use half of their power. And they also couldn’t kill a high ranked member of the Nine Pacts.

But it was different with the Bone Blood Cult, who were enemies to most organizations. Most people depended on themselves there—even if all these people were killed here, there was a high chance that no one would even come to take revenge.

’But if these lunatics have decided to challenge us on their own despite knowing the risks, then they must have planned something. Even this location is chosen by them. They are definitely up to something.’ Morvik warned the other two through telepathy, a skill that people at higher levels could do easily.

"Hahaha, since all of us are getting started, why don’t you make your appearance now? Won’t it be too bad to die as a no name?" Blunder looked at the carriage and spoke out loud.

The twenty guards and the two coachmen were frightened out of their wits when they saw the horrific scene in the sky.

Thousands of men in blood red dress, thousands of men in black dress, three extremely powerful demons hovered in the air—and all the eyes suddenly focused on the carriages.

The horses neighed and almost collapsed under the huge pressure brought just by the gaze of all those people, as finally the carriages stopped moving. For a few seconds there was complete silence except for the wind blowing through the thick forest.

Drrrrrrr...

Then the door to the second carriage opened slowly before Vritra stepped outside, his face emotionless.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +22,998}

After stepping out of the carriage, Vritra gazed up at all the participants of this battle as he closed the door behind him. Then he looked at the coachmen and said, "If you wish to survive, then move as far away from here as you can."

The two coachmen were frozen in fear, but Vritra’s words seemed to bring them back to reality. They looked at the spherical dome covering the large space, then looked back at him and asked, "S- Sir, what about you?"

"..." Vritra didn’t respond and turned his eyes away. The two coachmen gritted their teeth as they pulled the reins of their horses and tried to move close to the boundary of the dome.

"Hey hey, we can’t have that now, can we? What would be the fun in letting them just watch the fight and not participate?" Blunder’s twisted smile became visible from above the mask.

Once he selected a target, he would bring every kind of torture upon him. And what would be better than killing his small family right in front of him while he watched carefully?

And for some reason, Vritra seemed much more interesting than any of his past ’targets.’ He wanted to enjoy seeing him show emotions like pain, despair, begging—before he would die in the battle between the three organizations.

Of course, if he really managed to somehow survive this, then Vritra would be the best toy in the world.

Because of Blunder’s high interest in Vritra, he had even sent a few people to keep an eye on the carriages at all times. Those following Vritra were two of the people that worked directly under him out of the nine others—their strength was no joke.

They had seen one of the carriages separate from the other two. At first they thought Vritra might be sending his family separately, but that carriage was completely empty. Just to be sure, they got rid of it after it had traveled some distance.

That was how Blunder knew that Vritra had no time or opportunity to send his family away yet. That poor lamb probably hadn’t even predicted that all of a sudden so many enemies would be upon him.

That was why, even though Blunder couldn’t sense the presence of the carriages—which were covered by a barrier by Yasmine—he knew all the people Vritra loved and cared for were right here.

"Hmmm..." Vritra ran his gaze over Blunder before looking at the armies. Then he muttered, "You are fewer in numbers than I thought. I guess the Golden Moon has not arrived yet. And you must be the one I sensed under the king’s bed that day, right?"

Every action and word from Vritra brought him thousands of sin points, though he didn’t really like this kind of situation.

"Oh?" Blunder’s eyes widened slightly in surprise—not only because of the calmness Vritra displayed, but also the fact that he was able to draw all these conclusions with so little knowledge. Certainly, he wasn’t simple.

"Hahaha, that was indeed me. You surprised me a bit by appearing out of nowhere. Despite being at such a low level, you have such high control over space—one of the rarest ’Fields.’ After reaching the Legion rank, your strength will definitely explode." Blunder’s laugh reverberated across the entire place.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...