Chapter 497: Bully

Finally, it was their turn. Earlier they were trying to somehow stop Gunter from interfering, but his son just proved too cunning.

Though maybe he was still too young and stupid, giving them a reason to beat him as badly as they wanted.

"Brothers, we are not like him, we put the family and our bonds before the greed of seat and anything else.

Do not kill him or hurt him too badly, we just need to teach some manners to this kid." Max’s face looked ugly, with a mix of rage and a smile.

He was going to deliver a hundred times of what his son had suffered.

"Yes yes, don’t worry big brother, we will go re~ally easy on him, we won’t bully him. Just give him light pats, though we don’t know if he can handle that."

"Monarch, you can’t interfere with the battle now, he was the one to challenge us or what reputation will you have among the entire family."

"..." Gunter remained silent and just moved back, though he would save his son no matter the cost.

"Let’s start." Max was at the forefront, despite being a lord he shamelessly got ready to attack someone of the younger generation.

"Wait." Vritra called out.

"Oh, you want to back out now? Fine, give up your seat and apologize to everyone you have hurt just no–" one man smiled and said arrogantly.

But ignoring him, Vritra looked around and gestured at one of the guards to come closer.

Then he took the sword, a real one this time.

"I will hold back, but still, let me warn you. If you choose to attack me, be prepared to lose your life." Vritra said, again taking the same posture.

His left hand was behind his back while the sword pointed towards them.

"You young brat, how can you be so shameless and disrespectful at such a young age. Let’s attack him." Max roared.

For some reason the others were getting a bit afraid but Max gave them strength.

Ignoring the warning they all charged forward, with Max being in the lead.

Shaking his head, Vritra took a step forward as his body suddenly flashed to the back of the group.

WHOOSH

His right hand once again became a blur, and then a fountain of blood spurted out.

The sword drew a perfect circle in the air, he attacked the man present at the back of the group.

Then the upper body of the man fell forward, being sliced apart near the thighs, while his hands were thrown forward.

The man’s face smashed into the floor and for a few moments he couldn’t understand anything, but then pain shot through his entire body.

Yet by the moment he let out a heart-wrenching scream, Vritra had already plunged the sword into the belly of another man.

He twisted the sword and pulled back as inner organs mangled with the blade came out, the man falling to the ground, unconscious.

With their levels, they would certainly survive such injuries yet it would leave them weakened for a very long time if not forever.

’Just... how strong is my son?’ Gunter felt he was watching some dream, he even pinched himself.

Yet the constant fountains of blood rising in the air, the murky scent of blood and ear-piercing screams definitely were real.

The well-being of these family members was the least of his concern.

They didn’t really contribute, if their limbs are chopped off then at least they would sit peacefully in their homes and not cause trouble.

’Just don’t kill anyone or that would be troublesome.’

Max turned as he heard the scream, while his claws slashed at the empty air.

Turning around, he saw two guys lying on the ground, torn and bloodied while Vritra already had his sword pierced into the chest of another.

"This!!"

Vritra was stronger than he expected, and possessed a good agility move it seemed, but there was no way he could be at the lord rank.

Max gritted his teeth and increased his speed, rushing in Vritra’s direction with an even stronger attack.

’I am going to tear him apart!!’

Roaring, Max once again ran towards Vritra, yet once again, Vritra just moved to the other side.

He kept attacking one man after another, just careful enough not to accidentally kill them but also letting them feel enough pain.

The rage that had been building inside him since the war seemed to be erupting, but Vritra held back greatly.

"You brat, how can the son of Gunter be such a coward? Stop there and face me, stop running away." Max shouted.

Vritra smiled, he plunged the sword into another man’s chest and slowly pulled it down, drawing a vertical line.

"Stop? Should I present my neck on a plate or something? Don’t tell me you can’t even catch me? Aww how pitiful, no wonder you have nine child with only three being yours." Vritra said, pulling out the sword.

Despite all the bloodshed, there wasn’t a drop of blood on Vritra’s skin or clothes.

"You despicable brat, I am going to kill you!!" Max almost went mad.

Vritra seemed to have hit a sore spot, it was actually true and almost all the people were aware of this fact.

Yet because of fear of Max, none dared to say it out loud, though Vritra got to know of it through the oldest healer.

Max had even caught his wife cheating but he could still do nothing since she was from another top family and if he dared to hurt her, his future would be bleak.

Like a wild beast, Max ran towards Vritra again in a futile attempt to hit him.

’H– He really is at the lord rank?’ Gunter was now sure of it, he was really curious about the things he might be hiding.

Vritra just ignored Max for now, he moved across the crowd, striking one man down after another.

By now, just like their kids, they had started to run for their lives, yet none was spared.

Within a minute, Vritra and Max stood in a large pool of blood, broken, torn and groaning bodies littered the area.

"..." Max calmed his mind, anger was only going to make him weaker.

His claws grew, energy fluctuating wildly around him as he decided to launch one of his strongest attacks on Vritra.

Gunter became nervous and ran forward to stop him.

Vritra rolled his eyes, he casually walked forward yet was several times faster than both Gunter and Max.

With a thought, he influenced the flow of energy in Max’s body, as all the energy dissipated and even his claws disappeared.

Then raising his arm, Vritra gripped his throat, raising his body higher.

"H– Huh? Ughhh cough H– How...?" it all happened way too fast, even Gunter paused, baffled by the sight.

Giving a light squeeze, almost snuffing out the life from him, he muttered: "So, do you admit defeat?"

Max still tried to hit Vritra but neither could he gather any mana nor could he move his body.

Finally, a sense of dread crept into his body, this young guy certainly wasn’t someone they could handle.

He couldn’t understand how such a young guy could be so strong in such small time, not even Gunter can defeat him that easily.

"D– Gefeak ughhh I agmik cough I admit d-defeat... f-forgive me..." max spoke with difficulty.

"Too late."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...