Chapter 505: The Deadly Answer

"Can you accept her?" Vritra said as he threw Sonia towards the pack leader.

The werewolves had already relaxed a bit but they became alert as a man appeared out of nowhere.

"Same question?" The big wolf caught the blonde before putting her down.

"..." Maeve and Diana stared up at him questioningly, feeling something strange about him.

"Who are you?" Maeve asked, how does he even know what they were here to ask.

"You will know about that soon." Shrugging, Vritra answered.

The two even looked at the blonde woman but also couldn’t recognize her.

’It seems they really are here to get some answer and not to hunt our leader.’ The big wolf thought, then he looked at Sonia, who looked rather beautiful as well.

So he decided to let his leader make the choice, growling, he added: "Fine, follow me, I will bring you all three to meet my leader. But don’t you dare try to do anything."

"Alright, let’s go." Vritra landed over the ground, inside the graveyard.

With his senses he could easily find the hidden path, but he waited.

The pack leader moved to one of the graves and pushed it down, as the ground trembled and stairs leading underground appeared as the land shifted.

All the other werewolves remained outside, while the pack leader led the three into the passage.

After a few twists and turns they found themselves in front of a stone door.

"Don’t try anything funny." The big wolf had already transformed back into his human-like form.

"As long as your leader can answer, I won’t." Vritra said, he seemed really weak, so the wolf didn’t take him all that seriously.

DRRRRRR...

The stone door was pushed open and inside sat a shady-looking guy with a slim body, though for his physique, his height was a bit too high.

In front of him was a table, where a round glass ball was present, like the ones shamans use to scam people.

"This is the leader?" Maeve and Diana both questioned sceptically, there was no one else there though.

"Yes, this very man is our leader, the Gravion himself! Be respectful, he knows the answer to everything." The werewolf spoke before explaining the situation to his leader, whose face instantly became full of lust.

The slim leader of Gravion was instantly attracted by the names of treasures and women, he glanced over Maeve and Diana but found that the two were too strong.

Finally his gaze landed over Shit- Sonia, who also looked quite good.

"Okay I understand, so if I find answer to your question, you will give the treasure to increase my life, this woman and additional treasures?" the leader’s voice had such a high pitch.

"Yes, you can get all that, if you can find the answer." Diana added in a hurry, this seemed her only hope.

"Alright, then spell out your question, and you better not go back on your word after getting the answer." The leader said, but being on the weaker side, he couldn’t really put up any conditions.

"Tell us, where Vritra and Yennefer are, o- or at least when will they return." Maeve said slowly and nervously.

"Yes, go ahead but first tell where Yennefer is." Vritra interrupted, wondering if Gravion was actually genuine.

"Alright, move back, let me do my thing." Gravion said, while gloating since finding people was one of the easiest uses of his ability.

He was thinking of how to extort more treasures and money from these rich guys.

Vritra, Maeve and Diana took few steps back while the other wolf moved out of the door.

Their organization was quite small and weak, they had only gathered a little of their reputation because of their leader’s ability.

Not to mention, the ability itself was the reason why this weak bastard even became the leader.

Placing his palms over the glass orb, Gravion began to mutter strange incantations, as his pupils rolled back and only the white remained visible.

Strange energy began to swirl around him and patterns formed over his face and inside the orb.

Vritra felt that those patterns looked a bit similar to the ones he had seen on monk Shitless.

Currently, he was standing beside the local pack leader outside the door.

"... Zirwtwa sigozag homwdj..." Gravion was muttering strange things, but after a minute or so the scene on the orb changed.

Vritra focussed and saw that it was displaying a place where countless black tornadoes flooded the space and somewhere in between those tornadoes...

He saw something familiar.

’Is that the love pill that I had thrown? It is broken? Back then I couldn’t do anything to it, how did it break?’ Vritra was surprised by several things.

Wondering how this was related to Yennefer.

"O- Oblivion tornado realm..." Gravion muttered in a barely audible tone, but Vritra heard it clearly.

The leader of the organization really seemed to be losing his life force while using this special ability.

Vritra’s hopes increased, he might really allow a few members of the Gravion if he can find clues about Yennefer.

A few more seconds passed, that much information seemed to be the only thing he was able to find.

Now Gravion moved to the next question.

His orb was consumed with darkness, as his brows knitted tightly, sweat started pouring down his body.

Gravion seemed to be struggling, suddenly out of nowhere, he coughed out blood and let out a terrified scream.

His life force started to be drained rapidly, growing older at a visible rate.

The leader’s hair grew grey before falling off his head, his teeth fell off, body shrunk even more and skin became wrinkled.

"!!!" everyone around them was shocked to see the sudden change, but before they could react...

THUD

The old man’s head smashed into the orb, all his life force had been consumed while searching for just 1 answer.

Finding Vritra’s whereabouts just might have been the biggest mistake of his life.

"Wait-" Maeve and Diana felt all their hope shatter as the guy died right before their eyes.

Just what sort of answer was it that costed this guy so much, how come information related to Vritra be so deadly.

None of them knew but he was already a Demi God, he was connected to the Divine and some unknown entity who was even stronger.

"D- D- Dead?!! Gravion is dead!! HOOOOUUUUUUUU" The pack leader let out a mournful howl, before looking at them with rage.

"So this was why you came here? How did you kill our leader, none of you are getting out of here alive!!" Without Gravion, their pack would be nothing.

"Oblivion tornado realm..." Vritra muttered, while remembering that sight, maybe this is really related to Yennefer.

"Good, well you all were going to die anyways, so there is no need to feel sad. He just went first, you will follow soon. No one who speak like that to my women can be allowed to live." Vritra spoke, his gaze passing over the two ladies.

"Huh? Who are you calling your wome- Oh wha-? Y- You are... Dear?!!" Diana and Maeve of course felt angry over Vritra’s statement, after another failure.

But finally he removed his mask and the barrier that hid his presence, as the goddess felt that connection with him.

The connection formed because of Nihilanima.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...