Chapter 419: The Cloud City

After walking into Diana’s lab, he found three women inside—Fiona, Layla, and one more succubus. Diana had gone out to get some things from home.

"Oh, you are Vritra? The one from those announcements?" the third succubus asked; she seemed to be in her twenties.

"Yeah." Vritra answered, then after some small talk, the other two ladies left, leaving only Vritra and Fiona alone.

"Hah Darling, this time you came to stay or deliver some news?" Fiona asked. She sat over Vritra’s lap, her head comfortably resting on his shoulder.

"Well, let’s wait for Diana." Vritra said, combing through her smooth long red hair with his fingers.

"I guess it is the latter then. So where are you leaving off to this time?" Fiona questioned, missing the time they could stay together all the time.

"Dear, I just sensed your presence, so I came back running." Diana finally returned and gave Vritra a kiss on his lips.

"Yeah, so I will be going to another city, it’s called the Cloud City, for a few days, but I will come to visit soon." Vritra began to explain, as the two’s mood dampened.

After a long talk and some promises, the three went for a walk around the city and then headed into a good hotel to eat together.

...

Leaving the City of Charms, Vritra flew towards the hotel room. Just as Darius had promised, he had already given his order and the roads were no longer empty.

The people were slowly being evacuated to the other cities, while he also spread the order for as many people as possible to gather at the biggest arena.

Vritra was quite satisfied with the whole outcome. Not only would he be able to earn lots of sin points but also use Darius to kill a few of his targets.

Soon arriving back near Maeve, he entered the hotel room.

"When will we be leaving?" the fox questioned, sitting beside him on the bed, looking a bit tamed for some reason.

"In the night. Let’s go out and train a bit for now, and I also want you to tell me more about that Voromir Kingdom and the life flame’s matter of yours." Vritra spoke.

He couldn’t leave her life flame there; otherwise, they could easily control Maeve and indirectly him too.

At least, this realm wasn’t as dangerous as the Dragon Kingdom.

"Okay, master~ let’s go!" Maeve took his hand and got up excitedly. The two flew back towards the forest outside of the continent.

And after travelling far enough, the one-sided beating started.

The Charged Fist was gradually rising, and Vritra hoped that this thing didn’t disappoint him, or all of this would be a waste.

He also needed to increase his comprehension of his Fields, and maybe finally get some new skills.

It had been too long since he drew anything, and for that, he needed to increase his luck even more.

***

Vritra and Maeve took a few breaks in the middle of their training and only stopped once the sky had started to turn dark.

By now, nearly the entire Ghazi City had been emptied.

As the two flew back towards the continent, at the boundary they paused and sensed that something was wrong.

"I think the emperor might be setting up some large-scale barrier. He sure is spending a lot of resources, so it might have something to do with you, master." Maeve said solemnly.

The barrier was in its initial phase, and it would soon be covering most of the continent.

"So this thing will make it impossible for me to leave this continent?" Vritra mumbled, sensing the faint energy. It was so negligible that he almost missed it.

"I think that might be the case, plus it could also have some other functions. So hubby, this just might be your chance to escape." Yasmine spoke in a serious tone.

"Yeah." Maeve also agreed.

’Leave or stay? Heh, as if I have a choice. After that announcement, no place is safe for me, not to mention mom is here too.’ Vritra sighed.

Who knows what sort of abilities his opponent might be using to track him?

If even someone like Shitless could tell parts of the future, then there just might be some prophet or something on the other side.

After a few minutes of pondering, the two flew into Ghazi City, but then Vritra paused and questioned:

"Foxie, how are we going to enter the Voromir Kingdom?"

"The entrance is present inside the continent, so that’s not a problem. But let’s worry about my life flame later, we already have so much to think about." Maeve said with a slight shake of her head.

They hadn’t left anything back in the hotel, so the two directly flew towards the Cloud City, with Maeve leading the way.

"So how is this new city? And is there a reason behind that name?" Vritra questioned while flying. The city was truly quiet now.

"Yes, there is indeed a reason — and you will know it soon enough. This city is a little shady, but mostly fine, though not many prefer to live there." Maeve answered, making Vritra frown.

"What? Don’t tell me very few people live there?" he questioned. That would just disrupt his plans.

"No, there are still a lot, just not as many as other cities." Maeve replied, wondering why he wanted to gather such a large crowd.

It certainly didn’t seem to be just for fun.

Sighing, the two continued to fly, and it wasn’t long before they arrived close to the said Cloud City.

"There it is, master." Maeve said, pointing into the distance.

"Oh!" Vritra was a bit surprised, since it seemed a big cloud had descended on the ground — the mist was just that thick in the air.

"Sigh, I just hope enough people come to the arena." Vritra sighed again; in such fog it would be impossible to see one’s own hand.

As they entered, with their senses everything was still perfectly fine. But for normal people or low-level warriors, such a fog would make it impossible to see the act Vritra had planned.

"Let’s just rest for now, we will worry about it tomorrow." Cursing the emperor in his mind, Vritra and Maeve soon found a nice hotel.

Though all the rooms were booked and most hotels were completely filled, thankfully after looking around for a bit, the two found a place.

"We want to book a room." Vritra said; the two had hidden their appearance well.

"For how long?" The man sitting on the other side of the desk seemed to be in his fifties and had several cut marks over his face.

"A month." Vritra answered, ignoring the other person’s strange behaviour.

The mist wasn’t as thick inside the hotel, thankfully.

"Hmm, that would be twenty gold coins." The manager said, gazing at their reaction.

’No wonder this hotel still had vacant rooms. They are bandits most probably.’ Vritra thought.

If they appeared rich, then these people would kill them in their sleep.

"Just 20? Here." Vritra nodded and threw twenty gold coins on the table.

"Oh, h- here you go, sir, this is the key to your room. Let a servant guide you there. Do you have any luggage? Do you need any meals?" The manager instantly turned friendly.

Vritra shook his head and took the key, then taking Maeve’s hand, the two headed towards their room.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...