Chapter 345: Blooming Flower

At the same time, the four activated their semi domain, throwing the men on the ground out of the fighting range before locking onto Vritra.

A semi domain was also like a mobile semi realm where they had a lot of freedom.

Various chains shot out of the walls, some red, some invisible, some iron-like while the remaining were made of faces biting onto one another.

The chains rapidly wrapped around Vritra, locking him in place, but the four of them didn’t stop.

They chose to use one of their strong attacks right from the start, their semi domains glowed and were filled with mana.

Vritra stood completely still, gazing at the domains with interest, while the others were satisfied that they had managed to lock him in place.

A bloody sea drifted and a crucifier-shaped strange red pole appeared right beside Vritra, an invisible blade grew and pierced right through Vritra’s chest and limbs from behind, pinning him to the crucifier.

KIIIEEEEEKKKK

YIIIIIIIEEEEEEE

The spirits floating around suddenly let out loud screams and charged at Vritra, biting down all over his body, making it impossible for him to even move a finger.

Large iron-like shackles formed all over his body, squeezing until his limbs burst into a bloody mixture.

After Vritra was completely locked into the place, the four shot their powerful attacks at him.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM

The energy of the four domains was exhausted completely in a single attack, in an instant countless types of attacks were launched at Vritra, his skin was torn, his organs and body exploded.

Getting pierced by thousands of sharp spikes while those creepy faces entered his body and exploded.

The ground and air shook from the intensity of the attack and the realm formed inside the page of the book almost crumbled, tremors passing through even the bodies of the observers.

Pieces of limbs and flesh flew all over the place, and painful screams filled the area, making them feel overjoyed.

They had exhausted quite a lot of energy in this attack, but thankfully it had worked better than expected.

Although their target wasn’t dead yet, it was for the better since now they would be able to torture him slowly.

"Kikiki I knew it, when Slave and Beast get together, even the demon lord—no I mean, demon generals—uhh the weakest demon generals have to give them a little respect." One of the demons muttered.

"That guy was acting all high and mighty, and he couldn’t take a single attack from them pfftt how pitiful, I would die of shame if I were him."

"Zezeze Even I could have beaten that guy, but our leaders got to him first—tsk if I see him the next time then I will—"

The demons and humans were having loud chatter, feeling pride at the wonderful sight.

"Are you all already done? Keep on going, torture him more, let’s see how long he can hold on." Someone from somewhere spoke.

"Haa haa don’t tell us what to do, of course we are going to torture him unlike anyone has ever seen." Faceless said with a sinister laugh, he was going to make this devil feel all sorts of pain.

"Let’s torture him until he starts begging for mercy, I want to see him crawl as he eats up his own words, I want to see despair and fear on that arrogant handsome face of his." Slave said, imagining the worst types of tortures.

"YESSS!! I am going to break him until he cries and licks my shoes." Beast shouted, his blood pumping and rage building inside.

"Yes, yes I have waited so long for this day, just let me finish him up." Blunder said, his expression looking really ugly.

Not far from the group, there was a big throne and Vritra sat lazily on top of it, he held some snacks in his hand and spoke:

"Beat him up, use these, push it inside all his holes. I heard it hurts really badly when you open the blades after inserting in the body."

After speaking he threw several long and thick metallic locks with a strange pattern towards Beast who caught them and said gratefully:

"Thank you, I will use them and give him the most pain, haha these things are good where did you get them? Mind if I keep them for future uses? Again, Thanks Mr?"

Vritra shrugged and answered: "Just found them in a torture room, anyway you can keep them. You can call me Vritra."

Beast nodded and pressed the button below the heavy metal rod and like a flower blooming countless big spikes bloomed all over its surface and a flower on the top.

He got excited by just the thought of opening this thing after inserting it in his enemy’s body, the temperature of the blades was extremely high and there was even poison at the tip of the blades to give the maximum pain.

Vritra threw a piece of meatball into his mouth and enjoyed the sight of Blunder pinned to the crucifier.

With the help of Misty Essence mythic halo, even Blunder wouldn’t know that he was attacking himself.

Blunder kept screaming, one part of his mind was full of despair and was aware of what was happening while the other part kept launching more attacks at him, he was in such a strange state.

"Bravo!! The face, hit his face—Oh uh... Beast you shouldn’t have cut off—ugh that must have hurt, well good job, yes pop them both. Right, let the flower bloom inside and... haha you inserted it too deep."

Vritra passed comments and encouraged the three to torture Blunder, the three sadistic bastards weren’t really holding back in their torture.

Beast had inserted those thick metal rods in every hole he found on Blunder’s body, and when the holes were all filled, he even created more holes just to stick in the remaining ones.

Slave let out all his twisted desires, using the countless spikes to turn him into something that resembled a filter with countless holes.

Faceless wasn’t holding back either, inducing as much pain and injury as he could.

And Blunder, he kept making his own blood explode, cutting nerves and squeezing his organs.

Along with Vritra the others also cheered, as the torture continued for more than an hour.

Finally Vritra stood up from his throne and hovered in the air, then he spoke in a thunderous voice: "STOP!! He is already at his last breath, now let me do one attack as well."

"Sure, thanks for those tools, I will use them wisely in the future as well." Beast agreed and stepped back along with others, they got tired just while torturing the person they believed was Vritra.

"So Blunder, how does it feel to become a pawn in others’ game? Did you enjoy it? Oh right you can’t speak, but you can hear right?" Vritra spoke in a mocking tone, making the psycho feel even more anger.

It was a habit of his to drag anyone he found interesting into chaos, just like how he had done with Vritra.

But for the second time in his life, he regretted all his life choices and actions, he regretted the day when he had killed the king of Dunshire kingdom and met this Devil.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...