Chapter 580 Trespasser!

Vritra listened carefully, so for now he could only let the seed be, there was nothing he could do about it.

"Will the cold weather persist till the start of the trials?" he asked.

"Yes, there could be many changes, it also hints towards the type of game you will play." Divine replied.

Vritra stared at the seed and decided to cover it up. With a wave of his hand, all the pieces of white stone flew back.

Then using Dust manipulation, he joined the stone back, almost making it as good as new.

It wasn't supposed to break, after all no one that powerful should be on this planet yet.

Even the supposed hero, Jack, has yet to reach the lord rank.

"Right, I need to find Jack before he kills anyone." Vritra had almost forgotten about him, or maybe it was fate's way of keeping the hero alive?

But the one with the highest connection, Maeve, has begun to evolve so she wouldn't be able to help right now.

For now, he decided to go back and inform his wives, so they could announce a search for Jack.

"Let's go, I will explain everything once we are back at our house."

And so, the group of four flew back, amidst the heavy storm and snowfall.

…

Vritra brushed off the snow from Yasmine's head and shoulders, then did the same for Fiona and Teresa.

Vanessa and Diana paused their training and came out after Vritra called them.

"Okay, so this thing is a seed, it will become the main source of destruction if we end up losing the trial. And when the game starts…"

Vritra explained everything to the five of his wives while displaying an image.

He wished for Yennefer to return as soon as possible, he was really starting to miss her.

And once she is out, he would take her and let her kill as many demon lords and demons as she wished.

"Honey, I will instantly start the search for Jack." Vanessa said.

"Dear, I haven't been able to take complete charge of the continent back yet, but now that everyone is aware of my return, all of the loyal subjects have returned."

Diana spoke, she really wanted to kill the Golden Moon members who were acting like big lords in her palace.

But the day after tomorrow would be the D-day for them all.

"It's alright, we will settle all new and old scores soon, just use whatever means you have to search for him. Also, inform the World Information Centre too, they are good at it." Vritra said.

"Darling, I will also put everyone in my kingdom to this task." Fiona said, she was just happy to be able to stay with him like back then.

"Wifey, you should start absorbing the core too, we all need to increase our strength as soon as possible. Tess, you too." Vritra looked at them and added.

"Hmm." They both hummed, it was a boring but important task.

All of them got to work. First Vanessa returned to the City of Charms and formed the search party.

After giving proper instructions, she returned and went back to her training.

With that nameless treasure, her strength was increasing quite quickly.

Diana did the same, after she put together a team for the search, she returned and started training.

With that Tomb of the Gods treasure, she was also growing very quickly.

Yasmine and Teresa started to train together, absorbing energy from the core.

While Teresa also needed to prepare for the cold weather so normal humans and other races could survive, as it seemed the temperature was only going to drop further in the future.

It had been way too long since Vritra spent any alone time with Fiona, so he decided to go out with her.

The two dressed up properly for the weather, although there was no need.

Just as Vritra flew out of his house, Hellmancer arrived there with two dead bodies which were cut into tiny pieces.

It seemed Hellmancer had tortured the two men from Divine Kage quite well.

"Good job, now stand guard here." Vritra said as he quickly turned the dead men into soul wraiths and added them to his large army.

There were thousands of guards, even the weakest was a beginner lord while most went far above that level.

"Fiona, let's first go to the Phoenix Kingdom." Vritra said, as he pulled the cap over her head and touched her warm cheeks.

"Okay, darling." The redhead replied with a big smile, this was all she wanted, and she was so happy to have this time.

The two held each other's hands, fingers interlocking intimately as they flew away.

Despite the weather turning bad, it was another type of experience.

The two looked at the beautiful scenery below, the blanket of snow covering everything.

The sun was completely hidden from sight, and the weather would only get worse.

Fiona and Vritra took their time enjoying the sights as they finally arrived at the Phoenix Kingdom.

Surprisingly, a couple of guards were standing outside, guarding the gate.

Fiona landed before them, as the snow all around them melted instantly.

The guards were startled, but upon seeing her they bowed hastily and spoke: "G- Greetings, Empress, we were waiting for your return!!"

Fiona didn't even glance at them and continued to walk alongside Vritra, a smile on her lips as she talked about random things.

After they had walked away, the guards finally straightened up and wondered if it really was their Empress.

The Empress who is always angry and in the mood to slaughter, she was talking so gently with someone?

They hadn't seen her expression properly or they would have been even more shocked.

"Heh, these people really fear Fiona, she used to be so sweet to everyone." Vritra shook his head, at least she was opening up to him more.

After arriving outside an empty hall, Fiona turned to Vritra and said: "Darling, give me a moment, let me call them all here."

Then taking a glyph out of a storage glyph, she injected some mana as the alarms started ringing.

Within a minute, dozens of men and women rushed towards the hall, knowing that their Empress was back.

"Go ahead, take care of the business here, I will wait outside for you." Vritra said, and before she could reply he started to walk towards a nearby building.

Fiona hummed and decided to finish this meeting as soon as possible.

Vritra paused outside a shop that was selling some sort of candies, they smelled quite good so he decided to purchase some.

He still possessed quite a lot of gold, so the high prices were no problem for him.

"Haven't seen you here before, who are you?" Just as Vritra took the candies, a group of three men walked towards him.

Maybe because of high tolerance, and their nature being fire, the phoenixes weren't as affected by the cold.

Vritra glanced back and could tell they were just here to extort some money, the weather still made everything really expensive.

"Don't mind me, just… go away." The three were so pitifully weak that killing them would just dirty the ground.

"Oh, guards!! There is a trespasser, we have caught a thief, hurry up!!" They suddenly started shouting, the three men looked shrewdly at Vritra.

With the natural disaster befalling, the rate of crime has also increased.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...