Chapter 306: The S Rank

Rubbing his hands in anticipation, Vritra opened the status panel and both of them looked at the Sin Points.

{Sin Points: 278,644,678}

Oooof!!

Vritra’s heart almost jumped out of his chest upon seeing that big of a number.

After barely managing to stop himself from falling, he looked at the number again to make sure he hadn’t seen wrong.

"Damn, two hundred seventy-eight million in just five days?!! Hah, we are so darn rich." Vritra laughed his heart out, his hard work had truly paid off.

"Whoa, I didn’t expect it to reach so high. Congrats, hubby, you are going to grow so much with these points." Yasmine was overjoyed as well.

There was truly no match for her husband when it came to gathering Sin Points.

Vritra patted his chest and took in several long breaths, both of his hearts beating so fast it seemed they might jump out of his chest.

"It’s been so long since we upgraded something. Now let’s see what we should upgrade." Vritra said and focused on his status window again.

Starting from the top, he began to calculate how he was going to spend all his Sin Points.

"Demon God Bloodline and Physique is 50 million Sin Points; Dragon Bloodline and Physique is 30 million Sin Points.

Hmm, let’s give 20 to 25 million to Axe of Chaos, that will make it reach the Fourth Legion rank.

Then 20 million for Dust Manipulation, 20 million for the skills Fourth Dimension, Nether Eye, Blood Lock, Forbidden, Intra Shuffle, Suck! Suck! Suck! and Elegy Parasite each.

Oh right, I almost forgot 30 million to upgrade Divine Sin Arrow." Vritra mumbled, then added:

"And that totals to around 290 million. Haa, we went a bit overboard with our shopping there. Let’s upgrade Axe of Chaos the next time, and we got our perfect budget."

Vritra couldn’t even imagine how much his strength would grow after upgrading all his skills and physiques. Though it was a pity he couldn’t buy the Sin Key, he could just earn more later on.

He flew at full speed and soon arrived at his first destination. It was a desolate area with broken houses and signs of an intense battle that must have happened years ago.

"Hmm, I don’t see anything out of the ordinary here, wifey, do you?" Vritra asked after scanning the surroundings.

"No, everything is fine." Yasmine replied.

Vritra took out the map again. He couldn’t upgrade his skills in the middle of the capital, so he soon found a location that was close to the boundary.

He also needed to test his skills after all.

Marking his current location with a cross, Vritra put away the map and flew towards the furthest location, in a hurry to have the big upgrade.

...

Vritra flew at full speed, not caring about collecting Sin Points—not that there were many people out at this time. He soon arrived in a forest.

The place he needed to check was somewhere in the middle of the forest, so he landed on the ground.

"But I don’t think it would be safe to upgrade my physique right here. I have a feeling that the commotion might be too big, and it wouldn’t be good to let everyone know I have Demon God Physique."

Vritra mumbled, while walking deeper into the forest.

"I wonder what would come after the God Physique. For all of us, there is no bigger entity than a god, so I am really curious about it." Yasmine said.

"Yeah, so let’s upgrade a few skills here and then head outside the kingdom to finish all upgrades."

Vritra soon saw several strange statues that were half-buried in the ground.

It was said that a large group of people used to live here, and they believed in the same religion.

But when they tried to oppose the growing Slave Beast Gang, the whole group was slaughtered, and that was when the king finally understood that this gang had grown too powerful.

But it was too late. And the gods’ statues of those people were now in these conditions.

"Hmm, I don’t think there is anything wrong here, so second location is clear as well." Vritra marked it with a cross on the map too.

He scanned the surroundings and, after making sure no one was around, Vritra took out the map he had just received and tried to understand it.

"...Why the hell is it blank?" Vritra spoke in frustration.

No matter what he tried, the map wouldn’t change. Even Yasmine couldn’t find a way to make the map work, then she spoke:

"I think this is the type of map that will only activate once you are inside that realm. It won’t work until you find the entrance."

"Damnit, what use is this map then?" Vritra cursed and threw the map into his inventory. Feeling a bit down, he decided to just upgrade his skills.

"Hmm, so where do we start from..." he mumbled and scanned the entire status panel again, finally focusing his gaze on one single skill.

"Dust Manipulation, one of my first skills." Without wasting a moment, he used 20 million Sin Points on Dust Manipulation.

[Upgrading Dust Manipulation.]

[Dust Manipulation is evolving to Rank S.]

[Evolution of the body has started...]

Just as the message popped, a storm started brewing around Vritra, making the trees shake and the ground tremble.

The radius of the storm kept increasing and soon reached a few kilometres.

Vritra hastily turned on the Fourth Dimension, but it still wasn’t contained, so he had no choice but to fly high into the sky before the entire forest and even the closest city would get destroyed.

After reaching high into the sky, a point where the changes wouldn’t affect the ground, he paused.

A strange sort of change started happening in his body, almost like he was undergoing some sort of mutation.

The whole process continued for thirty to forty minutes and finally everything returned to normal.

[Evolution complete.]

[Dust Manipulation has levelled up to level 7.]

[Body of Dust has transformed into...]

"Hoo, that was intense. People might have noticed such a big change, so it’s better to change the location first."

After a moment, he flew in a different direction, heading out of the kingdom.

After travelling for a while in the Night Forest, Vritra finally stopped and landed in the midst of darkness, surrounded by extremely tall trees.

"So now your skill has reached the S level, and considering the storm just now, it must have become truly powerful." Yasmine spoke, eager to see the description and the skill at work.

"Yeah, let’s see what these 20 million points brought us." Vritra opened the status panel and read the description of his skill, and first he got shocked by the name itself.

『

[Dust Zombie]

[Skill Description]: The body begins to take on the nature of dust, able to scatter, reform, and endure.

Dust spreads into the surroundings, reducing what it touches into tiny particles under your control.

Most attacks lose their meaning as your form drifts closer to dust, while your influence expands, eroding even the world around you toward the path of the Dust Lord.

』

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +2}

{Sin Point Gained: Awestruck +2}

Both Vritra and Yasmine were surprised upon reading that description.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...