Chapter 436: New Subject

[D-Day 12]

Raelion begged while searching for a way to escape, but he knew the chances were thin.

He glanced over the people present inside the barrier, Darius was stronger than him, he might match the two protectors but defeating them in a short time was just impossible.

There were a few others, like Vritra and a couple of ministers, taking them as hostages might work but could he do it in front of the emperor?

"I- I can tell you the way back into the Voromir realm, I can help you find my sister, I c- can do anything just let me leave.

I can even help you find Yennefer! I have never tried to harm you-"

Raelion shouted while charging up a few attacks to try to break the barrier.

"Too bad for you, our emperor is not interested in any of that. Emperor, beat him up, go go."

Vritra encouraged, he was also curious to see the emperor’s strength and ability.

Rolling his eyes, Darius rushed towards Raelion, his entire body seemed to take the form of a large blade.

WHOOSH

Before Raelion could even put any defense, his right arm was chopped off, blood splattering in the air.

Then he cut off Raelion’s source of energy using a treasure, decreasing his battle prowess greatly.

His body flashed like light, moving back and forth at extreme speed as he kept tearing the demon’s body to pieces.

"Agghhhh S- Stop it, I surrendered. Ughhh aren’t you the righteous one? Cough STOP! Damnit I no longer want to f- fight.

You are attacking a harmless- ughhh" Raelion could do nothing but keep shouting, hoping that he could get the other side’s pity.

But the emperor launched one strike after another, even inflicting the demon lord’s body with poison, and within a few moments, Raelion was brought to his weakest state.

Now he floated in the air, unconscious and powerless, just to recover without any potions or treasures, he would need at least a few weeks.

"Great work, emperor, now you are going to fulfill your promise, right?" Vritra asked. It was a good feeling to use someone else to fight your battles.

No wonder everyone in power uses this trick and makes other parties fight all the time.

***

As the sky brightened, thousands of people had already arrived inside the arena, the number was higher than any of the previous days.

But their host, Daddy V from the Golden Moon, was yet to arrive, though the helpers were already there.

"Huh? Are we not punishing those criminals today? I was even so excited for this..."

"Sigh no, I took a big loan for a day with high interest, if he doesn’t come, how am I going to earn- I mean, eradicate evil?"

"I wanted to kill that fat pig demon today, how am I going to live now without tearing apart his body sob..."

Nearly all the people were very sad, but they waited in hope, praying for the game to start as soon as possible.

Onest, Shitless, Xi, and the others calmed down the people, but even they didn’t know exactly when Vritra would arrive.

BANG

Something fell at the center of the arena all of a sudden, startling the crowd, but the center of the arena was covered with dust, so no one could see it.

"Sorry participants for making you all wait all this while." Just then, the familiar voice of their host sounded, and a wave of happiness spread across the crowd.

Some even began to cry.

{Sin Point Gained: Welcomed +83,542}

{Sin Point Gained: Overjoyed +83,542}

{Sin Point Gained: Looked at tenderly +83,517}

{Sin Point Gained: Cheered +83,022}

{Sin Point Gained: Called +83,463}

...

Instantly, lots of messages flashed in front of Vritra, the speed of messages refreshing was extremely fast.

He got a bit late just for this reason, all these people really loved him, their happiness was truly contagious.

"Yes yes, the game will be continuing and it will be even grander than any of the previous ones." Vritra said, his voice exciting the crowd even more.

"We have a really special guest with us today, someone who had terrorized the people of this continent for a long time, someone really dangerous who had always managed to escape and no one could catch him."

Vritra increased the hype as people began to guess.

"Our newest subject is..." after a dramatic pause he added:

"None. Other. Than RAELION ZUKE!!"

For a few seconds, there was complete silence as the dust cleared and Raelion’s true demonic form came into everyone’s view.

The people were just shocked, then loud screams filled the arena, almost making it seem like an earthquake.

Raelion had caused quite a lot of trouble across the continent in the past, they all knew about him and hated him, yet not even the emperor could catch him.

But now, this man had done it.

"Daddy, you are God, a God I say!!"

"A- A demon lord?!! W- We will be punishing a True Demon Lord?!!"

"I- Is it really Raelion? Whoa, it’s the first time I am seeing a lord so closely, kekeke I am going to kill him."

"Daddy- uh Sir V, please marry my daughter."

All the people were saying different things, Vritra even felt that General Sirius had also said something at the end, but he couldn’t hear it clearly.

"Yes, this is the real demon lord Raelion, and today you all will be able to beat the shit out of him." Vritra said, then several glyphs floated in front of him.

"There is one additional change. These new glyphs will be added: Ball Bursting Glyph, Eyes Popping Glyph, Spine Twisting Glyph, Ass Flower Glyph, and if you could hit Raelion with any of them, then you will have hit the jackpot."

Just as Vritra announced, another wave of cheers sounded, and lots of sin points flooded in.

Then began the process of selling the glyphs and betting, and for that, Maeve’s team was doing a great job.

Vritra brought out all the other subjects and Maeve, who decided to watch the show and took a seat among the crowd.

"Ughh..." Raelion was drifting in and out of consciousness, but he had heard whatever Vritra had said. Gathering some strength, he was finally able to get to his feet.

"L- Let me out of here, I am going to cough kill you all!" Raelion threatened, but it only made the crowd more enraged, as they all got ready with the new glyphs.

"Alright participants, let’s start the game!" With a snap, the seats got covered by darkness, and all the traps and other dust soldiers appeared in the fighting area.

MUOOOOOOO!!

Bullo appeared and set his target on Ziggy and Raelion, the two demons were extremely terrified, they were completely powerless.

And in the next moment, the chaos began.

Raelion jumped in fright and barely dodged a glyph that flew between his legs. But hiding behind him, the fat Ziggy wasn’t as lucky as the glyph struck his crotch.

Vritra was just floating there and getting thousands of sin points with barely any participation, but then he sensed someone flying closer.

Before he could even think properly, the figure of a woman appeared before him, her long blue hair fluttering in the air.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...