Chapter 502: Broken

Whoosh

Fiona heard a faint noise, like always, she was on high alert.

Her body flashed out of the tub, a long dress forming around her body, the red flames intensifying as the water evaporated.

Fiona took a step towards the door, she didn’t expect anyone to be able to breach through all the security.

Intense killing intent suddenly began to flow out of her body, the temperature of the palace and even the place several kilometres around her began to rise.

It seemed killing was the only way she could keep whatever sanity of hers was left.

A faint hope of Vritra’s return kept her going.

TAK

She heard a noise from behind. Fiona turned but found no one, her expression completely unreadable.

Then a shadow appeared behind her, as Fiona felt a faint caress over her neck.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM

The roof of her palace was blasted away, as intense waves burst out of her body.

But yet again, no one was present there.

A frown appeared over her face; there was no fear but her killing intent kept growing stronger.

’Is it someone from the Golden Moon or... a demon?’ she wondered, but couldn’t think of anyone who could be this strong and fast.

Just while she was wondering this, the same shadow flashed behind her again.

This time, she clearly felt two arms sliding onto her waist, but the moment she attacked, the other person disappeared.

After the vast explosion, the people were already in a panic, while the guards couldn’t get close to Fiona’s room because of the flame.

"..." Fiona’s eyes narrowed dangerously, wondering the intent of the attacker, and she couldn’t sense any killing intent.

"Who are you?" her voice sounded cold, despite the burning hot temperature around her.

This time, the shadow appeared before her, its hand extended towards her face.

Fiona didn’t waste time as a layer of flames appeared around her body like a protective armor, that was all she could manage to do before the stranger’s hand touched her.

And then, he playfully tapped her nose, as his hand below the wrist started burning.

Fiona jumped back, finally getting a clear look at her attacker, ready to turn him into ashes with her next attack.

But then she froze, her gaze locked onto the man before her, her mind suddenly going silent as all the noises disappeared.

Vritra stared at the flames burning menacingly over his palm, it could barely hurt him.

Mythic halo was extremely strong but Fiona’s strength was still low, so she couldn’t display its full power.

Still, Vritra couldn’t make the flame die down, but with his arsenal of skills, it wasn’t really hard.

Using Null and Internal Shuffle, his arm distorted a bit for a moment before returning to normal and the red burning flame actually disappeared.

But that was far from the cold Empress’s worry. Her mind, body and heart were all in sync, extremely shocked.

"D..." she tried to speak but couldn’t. The blood red flames disappeared. She still couldn’t understand if it was reality, an illusion or just one of her dreams.

Dragging her body forward, she stopped right before him. Vritra looked quite different yet she could feel it was him.

Taking a shuddering breath, both her trembling hands rose slightly, as she gently cupped his face.

Feeling his skin and warmth against her palms, her lips trembled. She wanted to speak but couldn’t.

"Fiona, I am back." Vritra leaned forward, pressing his forehead against hers.

She had greatly changed in just a span of over two years. Fiona actually looked grown up and mature.

Nothing like the young girl she was.

’She has gone through a lot, how many lives did she take to possess such killing intent in such a short time.’ Vritra pulled her closer, tightening his embrace.

Fiona finally seemed to come out of her shock, as she finally reacted, her arms wrapped around him with a desperate fervour.

"Darling?!!" her voice came out choked, eyes becoming teary. It all happened so suddenly she didn’t know how to react.

She had dreamt of him countless times, meeting him only to be disappointed when she woke up.

The red flames that were slowly swallowing her entire palace disappeared.

The guards still didn’t dare to approach; they waited outside her room, ready to follow any order.

Vanessa appeared beside the two, smiling faintly she spoke: "Yes, honey is indeed back, this is not a dream."

Fiona had cried so many times, that tears stopped coming out, but again after a long time she couldn’t stop herself from crying.

"I am here, everything will be fine now." Patting her head, Vritra spoke, kissing her forehead.

The redhead was stuck to him tightly, afraid that if she let go he might disappear again and she would have to live through that trauma again.

Vritra glanced around, her palace was going to need to be rebuilt, she had really become quite reckless.

Holding his sobbing wife, Vritra directly felt the countless emotions she was feeling, her body weakly trembling in his arms.

Vritra used natural hypnosis to make the guards leave.

Fiona just stayed in his embrace, refusing to be separated even after dozens of minutes.

"I missed you a lot, I know you have been through a lot, I am sorry for all that." Vritra muttered, although it wasn’t something he could handle.

It took a long time for Fiona to finally calm down, but she was barely speaking now.

Seeing such a drastic change in her filled Vritra with endless rage.

"Darling, this is the last time. If you disappear again then I will follow you, even if it means death." Fiona said, her face buried in his chest.

"... I will try not to, but fate itself is jealous of me, but I will always return." Vritra replied, gently caressing her cheek.

A weak smile appeared over her face. Leaning onto him, she pressed her red lips against his.

It was a soft kiss, a short kiss yet filled with immense love.

As their lips parted, Fiona looked into his eyes, then hugged him even tighter.

The flashes of her nightmares kept popping in her mind, she would hate nothing more than losing him again.

"So you have become an Empress..." Vritra spoke in a low voice, his lips brushing against her ear.

"Mhmm..." The redhead nuzzled closer to his neck, her soft lips brushing his warm skin.

"You have also become a lord huh."

"Mmm." Fiona just hummed, inhaling his scent.

"You have done great, my lovely wife, you don’t have to punish yourself anymore, okay?" he spoke.

"Hmm." She nodded, feeling as if she was finally home, as if her soul had finally returned to her body.

"I love you." He said, pressing his lips against her soft moist lips once again.

Fiona already seemed a little better than before but it would need more time to properly heal her, to bring back her joyful and cute personality.

Vritra continued to chat with her for a little longer, though it was mostly him speaking.

Even as she separated from him, Fiona tightly held his arm, as if staying separated from him scared her.

Now it was time to meet Maeve and Diana, since both the ladies were together in the capital right now, so he could surprise them at once.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...