Chapter 466: Life

It was early morning, Fiona and Diana were about to get busy with their day when they heard a knock on the door.

Diana tried to sense the presence but failed, so she felt it might be the princess of the succubus race who moved around discreetly most of the time.

"I’ll open it." Fiona paused eating and went to open the door.

She was in a great mood since her strength was increasing rapidly.

If she continued like that, then it wouldn’t be long before she could reach the lord rank.

Krr...

The door opened with a faint sound, and right as Fiona was about to greet the person she believed to be the princess, she paused.

"D- Darling!!" She stared at him with wide eyes, loving the pleasant surprise.

He was wearing a black outfit that looked absolutely good on him. The redhead didn’t know why, but he seemed even more handsome now.

"Yes, it is me. Were you eating?" Taking a step forward, Vritra pulled Fiona into his arms, giving a gentle kiss on her soft red lips.

"Oh y- yes, I was eating. Isn’t it time for your game to start?" Fiona asked, snuggling into his arms, her palms feeling up his back muscles.

"Yeah, I’ll start the game a little late today. First, let’s head inside." Vritra said, patting her head. He really loved taking care of and spoiling her.

Closing the door behind him, Vritra took her hand as the two headed inside.

"D- Dear!!" Diana had exactly the same expression as Fiona. Suddenly the food seemed tasteless, and her body craved something else entirely.

"Yes, it is me." Vritra shook his head. He had only decreased the power of his Lost skill a little, and his charms were having such an effect.

If all pitiful women really were to experience this, they might really jump off their houses’ roofs just to prove their love.

Vritra took a seat in front of the two, gazing calmly at them.

Although entering the City of Charms was almost impossible for anyone without the princess’s permission, just to be sure, Vritra decided to use the Eye of the End once here.

[Used Eye of the End.]

Vritra focused on the goddess and used the special eye. A faint glow appeared in his eyes, and the space above Diana’s head became blurry.

Then a word took form.

[Life]

’Sigh, so this place will be safe. At least I can be sure of Fiona, Diana, and Mom’s safety.’ Vritra thought, relaxing a little.

"What’s wrong, dear?" Diana asked, her gaze still glued to him, while both the ladies ignored their food.

"Finish your breakfast first, then we will talk."

Vritra said, and as Fiona was about to give him the breakfast too, he interrupted, "I’m not eating. I’m full."

Fiona and Diana quickly finished the food and then put away the utensils in the kitchen before hurriedly taking seats in front of Vritra.

"You don’t have bad news for us, right?" Fiona asked, hoping that he wouldn’t leave them again for a long time.

"No, it’s nothing like that." Vritra smiled as the two heaved a sigh of relief, then he added,

"Actually, I have brought some nice gifts for the two of you."

"Gifts?" Fiona and Diana instantly got excited. Who wouldn’t like gifts, especially when they were from their husband?

"Yes, these things should be useful for you." Vritra said before taking out something from his inventory and focusing his gaze on Diana.

"Diana, this is called Armor of Zenher. This is for you." Vritra passed the armor to Diana, then took another armor.

"Fiona, this is called Spatial Armor. This is for you. Both of them are at the lord rank. They could protect you against powerful foes." Vritra said as the two happily looked at their new armors.

But there were more gifts to come.

"This is called Comprehension Guide. It can increase your speed of comprehension by 100 times for a month. This is for Diana.

This is called the Magma Staff, for Fiona." Vritra handed them all the gifts as he watched their reactions.

The ladies seemed a bit overwhelmed upon getting such wonderful gifts out of nowhere.

"Uh, Darling, you didn’t shift all this stuff from the treasury of the emperor, right?" Fiona asked, holding the staff. She was already in love with her new weapon.

"Uh... I don’t know why that is the first thing that came to your mind, but no, I got it all from the Sin Wheel."

Vritra said, feeling that maybe he should hold back from stealing in the future.

Or do it absolutely discreetly.

"Hehe, thank you, Darling. I love these gifts." Fiona giggled, running around the table and giving Vritra a kiss on the lips.

"Dear, thank you for taking care of us." Diana said, extending her hand and holding his hand gently.

’Haa, she sure has changed a lot. The goddess is nothing like her previous self.

I guess she finally matured.’ Vritra thought, missing her precious reckless self but also feeling drawn to this matured version of her.

But her kinky self was still there, just hidden behind the veil of her graceful self.

"Anyway, I’ll return tomorrow night. Mom should be coming out soon, then I’ll bring Foxie and Yennefer here." He added.

"Tell me if you need a new batch of potions. I’ll prepare them asap." Diana said. There were still a lot of raw materials left.

"I still have enough. I’ll check and see if we are missing any. But since Raelion and Ziggy are dead, I might need to get new test subjects."

He knew that the more dangerous the test subjects he brought into the arena, the more excited people became.

He chatted with the two for a bit longer before finally kissing them goodbye and heading outside.

The game would be starting a little late, but this was an important matter.

Before leaving the City of Charms, Vritra went to meet the princess.

Scanning the entire city, he sensed her presence near the entrance, so he directly teleported close to it.

"As for food, we will— oh, Vritra, you seem different." She seemed to be having an important meeting while taking a walk around the city.

Gia could sense that Vritra felt a lot different than before. Not only his appearance but his presence and strength seemed far higher.

"Hello, princess." Vritra nodded towards the princess as several sin points popped up. All five succubi were staring at him.

"Were you leaving?" Gia maintained her composure and asked.

"Yes, but I have a favor to ask of you." Vritra said as he got serious.

"Do tell me. If I can, then I will certainly do my best." Gia replied solemnly. In a sense, Vritra was their new king, and even with that, she would help him out.

"No matter what, please keep both Fiona and Diana here safely. Don’t let them go outside no matter what for now." He added.

"..." After a momentary silence, Gia nodded, aware of the dangerous atmosphere outside on the continent.

"Don’t worry, I will protect them and will keep them here." The princess promised.

"Thank you, then I’ll be taking my leave for now." Vritra disappeared from their sight in the next moment.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...