Chapter 547 A Favour

Sakshi was hurriedly taken away, everyone was shocked seeing the fork plunged into her mouth.

They could tell this certainly wasn't an accident, and felt that Vritra was taking things a bit too far.

But none of them said anything, Gunter apologized, wondering why his son was suddenly acting like that.

"I- It is fine, it was just an accident and she will be fine… probably." Shen spoke, he hadn't said anything to Vritra the previous time since his wife must have been at fault.

But this time she did nothing.

Before long, they started preparing for the departure of the Yate family.

Vritra returned to Teresa's room and informed her about leaving, so she took whatever important stuff she wanted and left some.

Sitting over his bed, Vritra was deep in thought.

Until Teresa is capable enough to take care of herself, he would have to keep her close and protect her.

He also needed to head to the Star family as soon as possible, with the glass ball in his possession, he was even closer to finding Yennefer.

The revenge against all those from the war could come after that, he would just let them enjoy their peace and luxury for now.

Aside from all that, he also wanted to build himself a nice and big house, for his family.

But Vritra wasn't sure where to build it and how exactly to go about it.

Just then, the Divine's voice appeared in his mind, while Teresa was busy going through her stuff.

"Well well, congratulations, you have bought a ticket to a world of trouble by marrying her, are you regretting it?"

'No, and I am used to it now. Anyway, thank you.' Vritra replied, he was happy to have met such a wonderful woman.

"Oh don't mention it. Right, I promised to help your family, right? So, here is something to help them out, I will give the rest later." Divine said and instantly, two objects appeared in his inventory.

Vritra was a bit surprised by the sudden gifts, the stuff from Divine has always been great after all.

He checked the first item, which was a small ancient looking door, it looked more like a toy though made of metal.

"That's for Diana, it will be of great help to her." Divine added proudly, even gods would fight to obtain things such as these.

Vritra read its name.

'Tomb of the Gods, oh!' he could sense the vast energy present inside that small door.

"Just give it to her and she will figure out how to use it." Divine added, now that his sister was with Vritra, he was happier to help him more.

Though he wondered how their life would be, as both attracted a lot of trouble.

Then Vritra focused on the second object, it was just a piece of cloth, a reddish cloth.

"And what is this?" he questioned after failing to obtain any info through its name.

"This is a really special weapon which will suit your mother very well and help her increase her level, let her use it, she will figure it out." Divine explained, waiting for his thank you.

'Alright, where are the rest?' Vritra asked, observing the cloth, based on his feeling it didn't seem any weaker than that door.

"Tsk, I will give more soon, such treasures aren't easy to find or transfer. Oh right, I got some good stuff for your underlings too." Divine said and two additional things appeared in his inventory.

One was a greenish bell, which too seemed small in size and its name was rather strange.

'Hit me harder? What is this now?' Vritra read the name, he couldn't tell its use, wondering if it was some protective treasure.

"Hit me harder, this bell is for that monk, if he keeps hitting the bell with his head, fist or feet, his body's defences and strength will keep rising to a certain limit." Divine explained lazily.

'Hmm not bad, and finally…' Vritra glanced at the final object which was a map.

'What about this map? There is no information.'

"This map will lead Onest to a place which is best suited for him, life will be difficult but he will also grow stronger." Divine replied.

'Good, I am sure he can handle a little difficulty, bring more next time for all my wives.' Vritra said.

Shitless and Onest followed him and had been helping his wives, so it was better to let them grow too.

Onest was not too far away from the lord rank but Shitless was very weak, going forward the challenges they would be facing would be far more dangerous.

"Sigh, how greedy, asking for dowry for my sister…" Divine mumbled.

'That's gifts, and what you promised me. Anyway, if there is nothing else, then leave.' Vritra said, it was almost time for them to head back to the Yate realm.

Teresa had stored most of the treasures and equipment that she needed, she left a few for her family.

She knew about her marriage since a long time ago, when she was younger, Teresa dreamt of a good married life.

But as she grew up and saw more of the world, she just resigned herself to her fate, whatever it may bring.

Earlier she had created two matching rings, but as soon as she became more apathetic to her surroundings, she just forgot them.

'I wonder if husband would like it…' Teresa liked the idea of wearing the same ring as her husband.

Of course they weren't simple rings, but provided high defence and no matter where one person is, the other can instantly know their location.

At that time, her capabilities were limited so she couldn't add anything more.

Excitedly she turned and, holding the rings in each hand, Vritra was so nice to her, she was sure he would be happy.

"Vritra, I have prepared a gift for you, a really special house, much better than what you wanted. You will get it soon."

Divine said and before waiting for his reply, he continued, sensing his sister was just about to approach Vritra.

"Anyway, now that the danger is gone, can you do one more task for me? It won't be as dangerous, you just need to deal with a demi god-"

And his words instantly pissed Vritra off, previously this bastard announced his identity and location to the entire world, because of which the war happened.

Indirectly it was because of him that Yennefer was still lost somewhere and he dared to ask for a favour?

"Husband, look at th-"

"Get lost!" Vritra shouted, enraged at Divine's words, if that guy was here then Vritra would have certainly beaten him to a pulp.

But then he paused, slowly turned his head to the side.

Teresa's body trembled as she heard Vritra's shout, frozen with her hands outstretched.

Her eyes instantly began to tear up, looking at Vritra, lips shivering lightly.

"Wait I didn't mean yo-" but it was already too late, the poor woman who had stayed alone in her room most of her life started crying.

"I- I knew you SOB SOB h- hate me… you don't SOB want m- me either…" even while crying she looked so cute and beautiful but Vritra put those thoughts away, now was not the time for that.

❖❖❖