Chapter 437: Clingy Like a Glue

Yennefer flew towards the arena after finding that the game had started.

Knowing Vritra, she had a feeling that he was certainly somehow involved in this.

Within moments she arrived close to the arena, and despite the mist outside, she could clearly see everyone present inside.

But even after scanning it twice, she didn’t find Vritra anywhere. Then her gaze locked onto the burly man floating in the air.

He didn’t look anything like Vritra, nor could she sense any sort of familiarity, but for some reason, she felt that it was him.

"H- Husband?" she called out softly, her heart pounding in anticipation. She had wanted to see him so badly.

But what if he wasn’t actually Vritra? What if he was but pretended? Yennefer didn’t have answers for any of that.

She wanted to forget everything and just embrace him, disappear from the world if she had to, and make him her entire world.

Just like how Yennefer’s emotions were boiling over, Vritra’s emotions were in chaos, quite similar to the subjects’ condition down in the arena.

"Hubby, are you okay?" Yasmine asked in worry, aware of how down Vritra had been after their breakup.

’Yeah, I am fine,’ Vritra replied, taking a long breath. Then he fixed his firm gaze onto Yennefer.

He had the choice to either pretend and run away from the situation, but that was just pointless.

"I am not your husband, and what do you want now?" Vritra questioned, his gaze and tone emotionless.

They got covered by a barrier, stopping anyone from seeing the two as Vritra returned to his original appearance, of course except the horns.

Yennefer’s eyes widened.

How badly had she wanted to see him all this time? She couldn’t stop herself from rushing in his direction and giving him a tight hug.

But right before she could touch him, Vritra teleported away, a frown appearing on his face. It was hard for him to maintain the tough appearance; he too had missed her a lot.

"What is it?" he questioned, maintaining a safe distance, stopping her fragrance from reaching him.

It just might get him drunk over her.

"..." Yennefer clenched her fists as she turned. Knowing how stubborn Vritra was, she knew getting back into his life wouldn’t be an easy task.

But no matter what it takes, she was going to fit herself into his life and in his heart.

"Husband, I understand that I made a mistake, and I was stupid not to pay attention to your words before. Please just forgive me this once. I even ended that fake engagement—"

Yennefer didn’t know how to make him happy again, but she had to start somehow.

But Vritra remembered the pain he had felt when seeing her with Darius. He couldn’t bring himself to just forgive her.

"There is no need for further explanations. We are already over. You should continue with your life—hunt demons, marry the emperor, don’t let me limit you.

After all, I am the very thing that you hate the most," Vritra said. Then he calmed himself and added, "You should just leave."

"No." Yennefer once again tried to get close to him, but Vritra teleported away again.

"You have to forgive me, Husband. If you want, I can even stop killing demons. I left everything behind. I need and want only you.

Please, I don’t want a life where you aren’t with me," Yennefer spoke, desperation evident in her voice.

For the third time, she made her move, flashing before Vritra.

But just like before, he disappeared—except this time, Yennefer’s figure disappeared along with him.

She appeared right in front of the space where Vritra had teleported, taking him by surprise.

"Heh, I have Null ability too." Without giving him a chance, Yennefer wrapped her arms around him, pressing her body against him really, really tightly.

"Please, just tell me what you want, I— I..." Yennefer said. She felt every cell in her body fill with joy as she got to embrace her love again.

She took a deep breath, inhaling his scent that she missed so much, feeling his warmth, his muscles.

"Stop it. This relation just isn’t possible. You know there are already other women in my life, and there are things you don’t know.

It would be better for both of us to end it this early." Vritra tried to get free, but he couldn’t. Her scent flooded into his senses, her softness enveloping him completely.

"I will make it possible. Now nothing can be a barrier to our love.

No matter what, I don’t want to be apart from you," Yennefer spoke, hugging him even tighter.

Vritra was helpless and torn. He too wanted to be with her just as badly, but there were many things to consider now. Things might never be as they were before.

No matter what he said, Yennefer just wouldn’t stop or separate from him.

"Sigh, fine. I will think about it." After a long conversation, Vritra had no choice but to give in, though not completely.

"..." Yennefer remained silent, just loving the feeling of his embrace.

This was the place she had accidentally thrown away and what she longed for, and even if it cost Yennefer her life, she would never give up.

After a few more minutes had passed, Yennefer reluctantly let go, but she held the corner of his sleeve and muttered in a low voice, "Until you have accepted me, I am going to follow you around."

"Sigh..." Vritra looked at the gorgeous woman. Her fiery gaze stirred deep emotions within him. It was extremely difficult to keep his gaze away from her—from the juicy red lips, her crystal-like blue eyes, her voluptuous figure.

Shaking his head, Vritra turned around. After all, he still needed to collect sin points.

"..." He said nothing further to her and removed the barrier. For both their sakes, Yennefer changed her appearance as well.

But just in case, Vritra used Misty Essence so that no one could see her for now.

As he appeared back in the sky in his disguised form, sin points continued to flow.

Yennefer stood exactly behind him, her eyes set on him and him only, as she held onto the corner of his clothes so he could not disappear from her life once again.

The game continued on; the number of people had crossed the previous records. Vritra would show his presence every once in a while, but within the crowd, Maeve noticed that there was a change in his behavior.

She decided to go and check on him later while continuing to help manage the game.

Raelion proved to be an excellent subject, especially with all the new glyphs.

People were really enthusiastic to burst the balls of a demon lord—most of them had purchased the ball-bursting glyphs.

Several hours passed quickly, and it was already evening as the game came to an end for the day.

The audience left happily, and one of them had finally managed to burst one of Raelion’s balls and won a jackpot.

The game was a massive hit.

{Sin Point Gained: Thanked 185,234}

{Sin Point Gained: Revered 179,095}

{Sin Point Gained: Praised 184,697}

...

Vritra watched the whole audience leave as he put away all the remaining subjects. Of course, Raelion and Ziggy had survived yet another day.

And Yennefer stuck to Vritra all the time like the most powerful glue.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...