Chapter 320: The War

"Getting out in the forest could be really dangerous even during the daytime, plus it is easier to get lost there.

The only thing we discovered that might lead us to the outside world is that place, that allowed me to contact outside," Chopper said, his expression turning serious.

"Uwaaah Let us go, we don’t know anything, SPARE USSSSS aaaaah!" one of the men from Bone Blood Cult suddenly woke up and started screaming madly.

Duffus had pulled off all their nails, broken all their fingers, peeled off most of the skin from their bodies, and rubbed something on it afterwards.

Their bodies were bloodied and brutalised.

Vritra felt as if the man was screaming right beside his ear, a feeling as if something was drilling into his brain with a machine, and it annoyed him greatly.

The man kept screaming. At first, everyone tried to ignore him, but then Chopper gave a command to Duffus: "Stuff a cloth or something into his mouth, make him—"

But before he could even complete his words, Vritra, who was having an extreme headache from those screams, stepped forward and swung his right hand, striking the man across the face with the back of his palm.

BANG

The moment Vritra’s hand struck the man, his head was ripped away from the neck as it flew towards the wall and splattered all over it.

"..."

There was complete silence as a fountain of blood rose from the torn neck of the twitching body, before it fell down, creating a pool of blood on the floor.

Their gazes then moved from the body to the head that was now in pieces and made a strange painting across the wall, the components of the paint being blood, pieces of brain, eyes, skull, skin and flesh.

Finally, their gazes focused on Vritra in utter shock.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +5}

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +5}

{Sin Point Gained: Bewildered +5}

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +1}

One of the other men had just woken up from the screams. He was about to start screaming too, but seeing the condition of his friend, he peed and gave his best dead act.

"Uhm... Would you believe if I say his head just flew like that on its own?" Vritra said, just as shocked as the others.

’What the fuck is going on here? How did my strength increase by so much all of a sudden?!!’ he shouted inside his head.

But he knew he could understand it all later. For now, he didn’t want others to think he was an anomaly.

After all, people are the most afraid of such things.

They might show trust and faith in him now when they need his help, but once they are safe, they might just stab him in the back.

So it was better to hide it for now.

"How did you do that?!! Don’t tell me your strength has returned somehow?" Mark questioned, his eyes wide in shock.

TIP TIP

The sound of the blood dripping from the wall and flesh dragging down the wall — Vritra could hear it all too well.

So not only his strength but even his senses were heightened, and that insect was certainly connected with all this.

"Ben, can you try hitting the other men?" Chopper said, his eyes filled with hope.

"...Okay." Vritra nodded and approached one of the men, then he raised his hand and swung it with all his strength.

’Forbid: strength,’ he thought just at the last moment.

[Forbidden Activated.]

SLAP

The crisp sound of the slap rang out but this time the head didn’t fly away, and they could tell that Vritra hadn’t held back at all in that attack.

"Maybe it was Duffus, he had tortured them too badly."

Vritra made up an excuse, and after getting the location of the place where Chopper connected to the Night Forest, he left the town hall.

While walking towards his house, his mind was filled with countless questions.

’It doesn’t seem like my strength has returned, but this is different... and ughh this hunger, why won’t it go away?’ he thought, as he made his way into the house.

He went to the first floor where Yennefer was arranging the clothes and food. He didn’t think that the proud and emotionless empress could actually do such sort of work or take care of a person.

"Let me help you," Vritra said.

"You are back!! Did you find out anything new?" Yennefer asked, her cold tone filled with warmth.

"Yeah, a location." While talking, the two started cleaning the house a little.

It took them more than an hour to finish the work together, then Vritra sat on the bed and kept the Forbidden activated.

He had to test the limit of his power before he could get used to it.

"Would you like to have some honey?" Yennefer sat beside him and held a small jar of honey in front of him.

"Yeah sure."

Vritra dipped one of his fingers into the honey, but before he could taste it, Yennefer pulled his hand and took his finger into her mouth.

Her soft tongue licked his finger as she sucked all the honey, before muttering:

"Mmm it’s good, you should have some too."

Yennefer smiled a bit seeing the surprised expression on his face. She dipped a finger of her own in the honey and then touched his cheek.

"Heh, you are going to regret that." A big smile spread across his face as he snatched the honey jar from her hand and dipped a couple of his fingers into it.

"Oh." A sweet smile blossomed over the empress’s face as she turned and tried to flee from the dangerous attack.

But Vritra caught her just in time as he pulled her back onto the bed and rubbed the honey over her face and neck.

And so began The Great War of Honey!!

The two fought quite fiercely as they emptied nearly half of the honey in their fight.

The sound of their laughter mingled in the room as Vritra tickled her sides, and for the first time in a very, very long time, the empress laughed with all her heart.

"Ah hahaha I’m sorry hehe s-stop please."

The empress pleaded, and upon finding a chance, she rolled over, lying on top of him as she pinned his hands above his head and breathed heavily, their faces almost touching.

A fire ignited in their bodies, and their lips were pulled together into a searing kiss.

Mmmm~

Their lips pressed and rubbed. This kiss was unlike any they had shared before — it was like both were filled with a primal hunger for each other’s body.

Yennefer pulled his lower lip into her mouth and sucked with delight, her pearl-white teeth biting into them.

Her kinky, dominating tendencies had started to awaken as she clumsily kissed Vritra.

His hands roamed over her back and soon landed over her ass, squeezing the two tender pieces of flesh.

He led the wild and hungry empress into the passionate kiss, his tongue slowly moved forward before giving a gentle lick to her lips and then pressed forward into her mouth.

Although such a deep kiss felt foreign to her, she felt an indescribable thirst for him. Just as the empress felt his tongue pressing against her teeth, she caught it in her mouth.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...