Chapter 692 The Circle

WHACK WHACK WHACK

Morgan and his group lay upside down, with their backs facing upwards.

They were all biting their own palms to stop themselves from screaming as the mad Baldy kept hitting them.

First he used the whip to strike them with all his strength, each strike ripping their flesh.

Their clothes were already stained with blood.

'Damn you Baldy, just you ughhh w- wait, I am going to kill you, you fucking Baldy bastard!' they were all cursing internally but couldn't do anything.

"Muahahaha How do you like that? Time for this spiky staff." Then Shitless picked the spiked staff and started hitting their asses.

THUMP THUMP THUMP

The onlookers unconsciously tightened their own seeing the wild beating, their asses were torn badly, many of them had even peed in terror.

Even if they survived, they wouldn't be able to sit ever again.

"Focus on Morgan." Vritra said, pointing at the guy who was leaking blood.

"Hahaha" Shitless turned, picked up a metallic rod and stabbed it into Morgan's back entrance.

Right now he felt like a god, he could do anything but the others couldn't even scream.

While hitting Morgan repeatedly, Shitless hit the back of another with the spiked staff.

"Ahh- UWaaaaaah!" he let out a scream and instantly got dragged up by those egg things.

It scared the others. Shitless, the rest moved away from the crazy mutant as he continued to torture Morgan and a few other men.

'Fucking bastard, he is even humiliating us ughh damnit I am going to tear him apart, fuck ughhh stop SOB stop please…' Morgan was crying, his body bloodied all over.

Right as Shitless was about to push the rod deeper, one of the egg like things fell from the ceiling.

THUD

This startled the group, as one by one all eggs started to fall down.

A few of them ended up devouring entire humans, Vritra moved back with his wives.

Shitless also moved away though those things were still treating him like a plague.

THUD THUD THUD

All of them fell, then started to roll rapidly, they moved forward at the same time and got closer.

Then they moved through one of the walls, creating a big cave and continued to move on.

"The beast cave has opened! Mmph-" one of the men shouted, only to regret it a moment later but thankfully nothing happened.

"Let's go!" Morgan was the first to run forward, as he pulled away the rod and ran in a strange manner.

The others in his group were the same, all of them leaving behind a trail of blood.

Poor him had failed to find any other players, so he could only collect the most powerful guys he found.

And right now they were in no condition to fight.

"Let's go." Vritra spoke calmly, he could have just killed Morgan and the others but he didn't.

It would be too easy of a death, and there was no chance of escaping from this cave.

"Was it really okay to let him go?" Teresa asked, looking hatefully at their distant figures.

She regretted not being able to kill him before, if it was for her husband, she wouldn't feel any guilt even hurting others.

"Don't worry, he won't live for long." Vritra said, patting her head gently.

When did this goth mommy become so hot headed?

They were going to stay here for quite long, and all the others who had entered were all going to regret entering.

As the crowd thinned out, they finally started moving.

"Stop right there!" a few guys quickly ran towards Vritra.

Their abilities were still not working, so this was the perfect time for them to gang up on someone and defeat him.

Vritra looked lazily at the ten or so guys, all of them holding knives or other weapons.

'Hah there are always people so eager to give me sin points.' he thought, and pulled out his spear.

"Just keep moving and leave these women behind if you wanna live!" one of them spoke, eyes glued to them.

Another fool whose lust was going to bring him down.

'Kekeke Great, this is great! Die you bastard, while you are busy with them I will be the one to take the reward here. I heard it could make anyone extremely powerful.'

Morgan thought, as he hurried forward.

The group after passing through the cave saw that all the eggs had disappeared and there was a door.

A very big metallic door which had hundreds of animal figures carved on it.

Apocalypse had even brought such things? All of them wondered.

This thing was terrifying as much as it was fantastic, but for some this was the perfect time to shine.

Here, most people started on equal grounds.

Their abilities still seemed to be locked, so they didn't get in any conflicts and quickly pushed the door.

Unlike their expectations, the place inside was pretty lit.

They walked inside, looking at the walls and forward.

The walls seemed to be made of those very eggs they had seen before.

There was a circle at the centre which could at most fit twenty people.

And ahead was nothing but darkness.

"What is this place? Where is the treasure? Do we need to go forward?" one man mumbled.

"This is your father's grave, the treasure was hidden in his ass and no you need to dig down to find his grave.

You bastard, who are you even asking?" another man retorted in rage.

"What did you say? You fucker, I am going to beat your ass and search you, maybe it is your ass the treasure is hidden in!"

The first guy replied in anger, raising his arm.

Both of them were standing inside the circle and they kept getting mad.

"Huh? Why are they fighting over each other's asses suddenly?" the ones outside couldn't understand.

"It's the circle! It makes you mad!" Morgan was the first to realize, thankfully he was standing outside.

"Oh!" all those after hearing this quickly ran outside the circle.

And they finally felt better, it indeed was because of the circle.

"Sorry brother for disrespecting your father's ass, I didn't mean it." The second guy spoke.

"It's fine, I offended your ass too, I am not going to shove my hand into it to find the treasure." The two shook hands, then hugged.

They just stood there, wondering what to do, none of them wanted to get close to those eggs.

Or head into the darkness either.

"Why don't we go ahead and check if the treasure is hidden there?" Morgan suggested, he felt if he could control everyone here.

Then using them as sacrificial pawns would be easy and he could take the treasure.

Vritra too arrived at the large door.

From outside he glanced at everything, then turned to his family.

"The battle will start pretty soon, for now why don't you all just wait here?" he spoke, holding the spear.

"Be careful honey." Vanessa spoke, touching her son's cheek.

"Yeah don't worry, I have faced worse, it won't be a problem.

And as Divine has mentioned, there will be breaks between the beast waves."

After talking for a few more minutes he headed into the door.

His appearance attracted everyone's attention, then they looked at the people waiting outside.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios