Chapter 474: The War-3

WHOOSH

BOOOOM BANNGGGG

One attack after another from the several demon lords landed on Dago’s back, as his own dragon breath exploded in his mouth.

Vritra moved all his stat points to strength and used every sort of skill to keep Dago subdued even though Dago’s level was higher than his own.

"Hubby, even though I am powerless but being the former empress, I can still somewhat put pressure on him, so he won’t be able to use his full strength." Yasmine said and instantly got to work.

She released mental waves that affected all the nearby dragons, slowing them down and making it difficult to make decisions.

’Good job, wifey.’ Vritra took several long breaths, the two hearts thumping violently in his chest, pumping the maximum amount of energy.

While Suck! Suck! Suck! kept supplying more and more energy.

He even used an ability of that skill which he hadn’t used much before, as a small black hole appeared behind his back.

All the energy attacks were instantly sucked into the black hole, most disappearing even before they could get close.

Vritra focussed his third eye on Dago and used it to corrupt his mind and soul, constantly launching mental and soul attacks to stop the dragon emperor.

Under the combined effort of Vritra and Yasmine, Dago was subdued as he madly kept swinging his arms and legs around but could do nothing.

His face still clutched by the ten feet long demonic figure.

The army of millions combined their strength within their respective races and launched attacks at Vritra.

"I am giving you one last chance, change the sides or you will be killed along with that demon. Have you really forgotten how those demons murdere-" Pink spoke, a whip in his hand.

Yennefer ignored him and kept launching at any lord close to her, stopping them from going anywhere close to Vritra.

Alone she was fighting against Tin, Vin, Pink and even Darius, while also launching random attacks at others to keep them busy.

She glanced to the side and noticed Maeve struggling against Sir Giant, he was the oldest here and even she herself might not last long against the old man.

"Alright since that’s what you have decided then."

Pink pulled his whip back, his body glowing with a bright pink colour, as he charged destructive energy inside the whip.

BANG

BOOOOOOM

But before he could launch the attack, someone struck him from behind, making Pink collide with his own whip as his body got blasted away.

"Han, what are you doing right now?!" Darius glared at his protector, stopping him from trying to attack Vritra.

"I won’t let you hurt Yennefer." Han said firmly, standing against his own emperor.

"Tsk I knew you would never be loyal to me." Darius looked at Han with a brutal expression then a strange pattern appeared over the tip of his fingers.

He pointed his fingers at Han as the protector screamed in extreme pain while clutching his head, his body falling freely.

From the distance Vritra saw the scene, using Dago’s body as a shield, he blocked all the attacks from the demon lords.

’Good, one more teammate.’ Smiling, he teleported right in front of Darius and smashed Dago’s head into Darius’s face, interrupting the emperor.

’Wifey, can you create a barrier that would block the effect of whatever that seal is?’ Vritra questioned, as several attacks landed on his back.

But with several lines of defenses such as Goop, Atomic, even his indestructible clothes, and finally his nearly perfect physical defenses, none of the attacks were able to hurt him.

"On it." Yennefer hurriedly identified the type of seal and began to create a barrier for Han, someone they could use easily.

"I am not on your side!" Han glared at Vritra, understanding his meaning of helping him.

Vritra turned Dago’s face towards the approaching army of Grieves and muttered in his rough broken voice: "Shoot flames, boy."

[Natural Charms activated.]

ROOAAAARRRRRRRRRRR!

Dago shot a violent wave of flames wherever Vritra pointed, keeping the weaker lords at bay, while there were still many troublesome ones.

UGHHHWWAAAAAHHHH!

Sloth tore a piece of his fat from his belly and after chewing on it he spat it in Vritra’s direction, hoping to remove the dragon shield.

As usual Vritra stopped the piece of wriggling flesh with Dago’s body, but upon the moment of impact, the greenish flesh stuck to Dago’s scales.

Then it rapidly began to spread across his entire body, this way Vritra would have no choice but to break it.

"How childish..."

It seemed they were still taking him too lightly, his strength had increased greatly in his demonic dragon form.

Vritra breathed in a long breath before blowing out a tsunami of purple flame that engulfed Dago and the several demon lords.

"UWAAAAHHHHH!! I- It burnsssss how is this possibleeee?!!" Sloth couldn’t believe that this strange purple flame could even hurt his godly body, even after so much fat.

Notifications kept popping up, as Vritra’s mighty figure became a symbol of terror for everyone.

{Sin Point Gained: Terrorized +999,999}

Vritra only now noticed the sin points that were charging up like crazy, he was the man of the show after all.

"That’s enough!" Oracle was finally free from the restriction, his speed once again reaching the highest.

He appeared behind Vritra in a flash and struck his back, Goop formed a shield behind him on its own but couldn’t stop the blow from the Oracle.

Then Oracle’s palm landed over the madly moving atomic shield, stopping Oracle long enough for Vritra to react.

Instead of directly fighting Oracle, Vritra just teleported away, he wished to clean up the brutes in the battle first and absorb their power completely.

Letting the soul wraiths grow, then he would finally have a chance at winning, although millions might have to die for that.

"Little fox, is that all you have to show? By your transformation, I was rather expectant of you."

Sir Giant who was still trying to slack during the battle, had his hands behind his back as he fought Maeve.

"..." Maeve gritted her teeth, breathing heavily, there was a big difference between their strength.

"Foxie, leave." Suddenly Vritra’s voice sounded from beside her, the tall demonic figure appeared beside her, bringing along a big group of lords who kept attacking him.

"Y- Yes master." Maeve nodded, and went to help others, her goal was to let the soul wraiths devour stronger opponents.

"Hmm so you are Vritra, haa and here I was trying to not get involved with you. Just let this old man slack a little, go fight someone else."

Sir Giant said and flew away, getting entangled with Bobby next, fighting against the giant ball.

’Sigh why isn’t he taking it seriously? But I did expect his behaviour.’ Oracle shook his head, then taking a small brownish whistle he blew with all his might.

WHHEEEEEEEEEEEE!

Just as Vritra was hitting Red with Dago’s body, the ground began to shake.

’What now?’ Vritra flew higher into the sky, Yennefer and Maeve did the same.

"Hubby I am done, now Darius can’t control Han-"

BOOOM

Suddenly, the ground sunk deeper as the armies moved back, Oracle looked with pride at the ground.

Then a figure several dozens of feet tall rushed out of the ground, its body twisted and broken, it was like a...

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...