Chapter 79: Divine Sin Tomb

Vritra lay on the back with Vanessa resting on his arm, as she embraced him in her sleep. Their intimate time had ended just after one time, they had both felt exhausted more mentally than physically.

She fell asleep, as the two lay naked underneath the sheet. Vritra too decided to rest for now, and use those tempting sin points in the morning. He didn’t plan to use them in his bed—who knows what will pop out of the wheel.

******

The night passed in a peaceful manner. Vritra woke up first and felt the plump and soft body of his mother wrapped around his own, her warm creamy skin still rubbing against his own.

He yawned and didn’t leave the bed instantly. He absentmindedly looked over all the messages that had popped in front of him earlier, most of them were just the notification of sin points.

But a couple of long messages suddenly caught his eyes. Vritra’s sleep vanished instantly as he focused on those messages.

[The Divine Sin tomb has been found.]

[The Divine Sin tomb has been awakened.]

[Obtain the Divine Sin Arrow and merge it with the Divine Sin Wheel.]

...

There were just three messages and Vritra was quite surprised by this since nothing associated with the name Divine Sin could be a normal thing. He read the messages several times but couldn’t get too much information from them.

’Yasmine, do you have any idea?’

"No, all I can say is that Divine Sin is somehow related to a God, most probably a lost God who might have disappeared a long time ago. Tomb... hmm, we will have to find that place to uncover all the secrets, and maybe adding the arrow to the wheel will give it a huge upgrade," Yasmine said, joining bits and pieces of information she already knew.

’Yeah, of course I have to find it. But how exactly?’ he wondered, then he decided to think about it after he had taken a bath and left the temple.

"By the way, you got quite a nice tattoo on your hand. Do you know what it exactly means?" Yasmine spoke, her tone suddenly becoming playful.

Vritra looked at his arms, then he saw a reddish black tattoo on the back of his red hand. It wasn’t big but it indeed looked quite nice. It looked exactly like the tattoo that had appeared over Vanessa’s belly.

’Isn’t this just a crest, which shows our bond or something?’ Vritra said, shrugging his shoulder. His mother had only told him that they would end up in some master, servant kind of relation, but for Vritra it was nothing.

"Hehe, no, not at all. If my cute mother in law was a normal succubus then you would be just her master, but she is the queen. Your relation with your mother is formed in a similar manner as between us. You had received benefits after bonding with her—not only did you receive another skill but your natural charms had grown greatly. So moral of the story is... she kind of is a wife for you."

Vritra: "..."

Vritra sighed, feeling another headache. Why was he catching waifus left and right? Dragon queen, succubus queen, and what next? The human queen? Demon queen or something?

How could he be the husband of his own mother? Vritra decided to let time decide it for now. He would see his mother’s reaction later on.

He gently moved out of his mother’s arms and went to take a bath; he was completely covered by his mother’s scent.

...

Only after Vritra had dressed in a different set of clothes and was ready, did Vanessa wake up. She had a sweet smile on her face as she looked at him.

"Mom, are you alright?" Vritra walked to her side and asked.

"Yes honey, I am feeling better than ever. Now we are connected eternally it seems. I can now use all my abilities. Don’t worry, I will do my best to help you in the future in whatever way I can." Vanessa rose slightly as she pulled him into a tight embrace, as the blanket slid down and her soft boobs pressed against his chest.

"Uh... M- Mom?" Vritra was surprised, feeling her buttery skin through the clothes.

"Hehe, my hubby is stuck at that one word again." Yasmine giggled.

After a few seconds she let go of him. She didn’t seem bothered by the fact that she was naked. She gave a sweet kiss on his cheek, then happily walked towards the bath.

"Mom... seems to have changed a bit." Vritra mumbled as he watched her enter the bathroom, not even caring if he saw her naked body.

"Isn’t it normal? Didn’t our relation change as well when we married?" Yasmine spoke matter of factly.

...

Vritra and Vanessa ate breakfast together. There weren’t any major changes, just that Vanessa seemed even softer and sweeter towards him. She intimately took care of him.

After his breakfast, Vritra walked out of the room. He had several things to do. The first were, of course, spinning the wheel and at least drawing something great.

He walked out of the temple. Diana had two days off so he didn’t bother her. As for Fiona and Max, with Vritra’s current plan, just Jace and Tyler would be enough for now. He would approach her after their relation had become sour.

’Now, how do I find that Divine Sin Arrow? Who could have possibly found that tomb?’ he wondered as he walked out of the castle boundary, receiving sin points just as more and more gazes were attracted towards him.

His charm value had risen even more. Men were jealous while women were attracted towards him; just by walking in the market, sin points continued to flow.

Even though buying the keys was his priority right now, he was now slightly hesitant; what if he actually ends up getting that Divine Sin Arrow and the wheel gets a major upgrade? Wouldn’t it be regretful to just spend so many sin points?

They aren’t easy to gather. Vritra had to go through so much to obtain more than three million points.

"Sigh, but how do I find the location of that tomb? It’s not like someone will tell me out of nowhere. Those messages should have included the location as well." Vritra sighed as he absentmindedly walked in the street.

HISSSS

Just then, there was a barely audible hissing sound.

******

In a dark cave somewhere in the Dunshire Kingdom, dozens of people wearing black capes were constantly walking in and out. Although the entrance of the cave seemed small, it was extremely large from the inside.

More than two thousand people were present in that cave. The atmosphere was dark and eerie as constant cries and screams of people rang out from the depths of the cave. The smell of blood was heavy in the air.

Inside the cave, in a room that seemed to be an office of some sort, seven people were seated around a round table. They too wore black robes with golden masks on their faces. Each one of them possessed a heavy pressure around them that easily surpassed the golden knight who had died not too long ago, and the person who had been on the king’s side in that meeting was also seated on one of the seats here.

______________

Thanks for reading...