Chapter 728 Illegitimate Brothers

After hours of intimate time in the bed and bathroom, Vritra and Teresa decided to rest.

Teresa was so tired she couldn't even walk, her vagina had become too sensitive after hours of non stop sex.

'I wonder how she did it, Yasmine told me she and husband spent an entire week doing it after she regained her body.'

Just the thought brought goosebumps, a day hadn't even passed and she was already so exhausted.

Though Teresa was sure after some rest she could continue.

Vritra prepared some food for both of them and brought it to the table.

"Husband, about your original planet, Earth. They will probably start a similar game there as well, do you wish to go there?" Teresa asked as she took the bowls.

"Hmm I don't know, if it's possible I will but I won't take unnecessary risks, not that there is anyone related to me there." Vritra shrugged.

"Sigh we can't even control our own fates, if possible I will save them."

"That planet is quite interesting, and deaths aren't as normal there, right?" Teresa asked.

Vritra shook his head: "Not really, that place might be worse than the Zoratian planet. All politicians are looking for self interest, they wage wars, steal money and normal people can't do anything."

"Hmm I guess all places have their own problems." Teresa nodded, though she would still like to see that place.

While eating they continued to chat, then the two went for a stroll.

Walking around the building, holding hands, it was such a sweet time.

"Hmm What are those dots?" Teresa pointed towards the distance, though Vritra had already noticed that.

"No, they are people and… a strange bunch." Vritra said, narrowing his eyes.

They walked out of the bubble surrounding the building and waited.

The dots kept getting bigger and soon they could see them perfectly clearly.

"Aren't those Magna's clones?" how could he forget that face, even more than that Sonic guy, he wanted to torture this bastard to death.

But was the real one among them? He could not be careless, even the system display wasn't able to find the right one.

Teresa's face was already covered with a veil, Vritra covered his face with a mask then they began to walk around as if they hadn't noticed anything.

"Should I freeze them right away?" Teresa asked, her voice a whisper.

"No, don't attack until we are sure the real one is among them. We can't let the real one escape again."

"Okay, but once we catch him, let's kill him once everything has woken up." She suggested.

"Why?" Vritra asked, he believed it would be better to get rid of him as soon as possible.

"Once Diana is awake, we can keep torturing him and she can heal him, so he properly regrets his actions." Teresa said, as a smile appeared on her face.

"…Oh nice idea." Vritra paused for a moment in surprise, then chuckled and praised her.

In the distance, over forty figures were flying towards them quickly.

They had already noticed the two human figures, mixed in the group was Magna.

He normally just liked to stay hidden in the back, but for now he needed to speed up his recruitment of clones.

And using clones to go back and forth would take too much time.

"Don't make any moves right away, since they are already awake I might as well try to see if they have any useful information." Magna ordered.

All the clones nodded at once.

THUD THUD THUD

One by one, they all landed in front of the two figures whose faces were covered up.

Vritra and Teresa paused suddenly, their eyes widening in shock, as they both took a step back.

"Hey hey, don't be afraid calm down. We aren't here to hurt you, we are just passing by." One of the Magnas spoke.

"W-Why are there so many of you?" Vritra asked as he tried to see their skills.

One had barrier ability, some possessed strength, and all sorts, and soon he found one with the clone ability.

Vritra didn't let any emotions appear on his face but his senses were completely locked onto him.

Now he just needed to somehow make sure that this guy was the real Magna.

"Haha We are all like brothers, actually we-" another Magna began to speak but was interrupted by Vritra.

"Was your mother a printing machine? She sure did a great job at spreading this shit everywhere."

Poor Vritra was suffering from his habit of roasting, he didn't want to speak, and had planned to act fearful a bit longer.

"W-

What? What?" all of them started to speak at the same time, all these guys were clearly shocked by the change in tone.

"S-Sorry, I used to do live shows back then and have a habit of giving people reality checks, don't mind that." Vritra said, shaking his hand.

"Huh?" Magna found it hard to communicate with this guy, why was he so strange.

'Thankfully, he hasn't recognized us or if he has then he must be trying to find a way to escape.' Vritra thought, getting serious.

Magna's gaze moved from Vritra to the woman beside him and although her face was covered but just her figure made Magna dizzy.

Vritra sighed as he stepped forward and blocked their view, before asking: "So, what do you want from me? If you are passing by, then just pass by."

"This guy… ughh why is he so hard to talk to?" Magna really felt like just killing him but he held back and pretended to be nice.

"haha My young friend, you are misunderstanding me. Before continuing there are a few things I wanted to ask." Magna spoke with a forced smile.

"Directions? Sure, I can direct you to your destined place, just-" Vritra was speaking but got interrupted.

"Stop, no not directions. Can you tell if you have seen any strong guy around here?

Like some sound ability one, or someone who glows, someone like a beast or anyone very powerful?"

Magna wanted to collect information about other players.

"Oh you are talking about Sonic, Morgan, Crow, Asmodeus and all those people?" Vritra asked, and his words greatly shocked all the clones again.

"H-How do you know them all? Who are you?" Magna instantly became alert.

"Ah no, actually I can find the exact location of anyone you want me to find, that's my ability.

And I can even tell who you are looking for, hmm you are running from someone too, someone named Einstein? No Eins…" Vritra spoke in a pondering tone.

"Wait, I see. You certainly got a useful ability, so can you help me look for some people? I can give you appropriate rewards." Magna had already made his mind.

He was going to turn this guy into a clone, how useful was this?

But once they turn into clones all their memories are wiped, so he wanted to take as much info out as possible.

"Oh sure, but there is also a restriction. If you want me to find anyone, you will have to give me a drop of your blood, your original blood not from these illegitimate brothers of yours."

Vritra said with a shrug.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios