Chapter 757 The Planning of Torture

"..." Drino stared at Mole for a few seconds, then down at the place he thought was his nose and finally at his right arm.

As the reality sank in, a feeling of utter disgust crept into his heart, his face broke into a strange look.

He stood up calmly, then muttered: "Please give me a minute, I will be back right away-"

Even before his speech finished, he was already far away, his voice reverberating as he left the large space quickly.

Then large screams from outside rang out, Drino cut off his right arm and threw it away, then it exploded violently.

For a few minutes, screams continued to ring out from outside as all the Demi Gods looked at one another in confusion.

Some frowned while others quietly moved their chairs a little farther from Mole.

Only when the screams died down, did Drino finally return into the large hall.

He looked calm and composed, as if it was someone else outside screaming just now.

Clearing his throat again, he said: "Sorry for the disturbance, I had something important to do."

"Thank god, lord, you didn't overreact." Lizzi said, wiping the sweat away from his forehead.

"Uh about that arm of yours..." one of the Demi Gods asked, the arm was still growing, the regeneration had slowed down in this place because of the various protective measures.

"It is nothing, an insect bit me so I had to remove it. Anyway, back to the main topic, we will very soon be going to greet our friend Vritra, our main task is to kill him!"

Drino said, looking straight at the level 4 Demi God.

"I see, well you can call me Zihong and I will be leaving now, when things start, I will be there." Zihong spoke, then disappeared.

It wasn't his own body of course, just a trick of possession he had learnt from his new good friend.

Everyone stood up as Zihong left, bowing to him, all of them also hoped to quickly increase their strength.

But the games are far too dangerous, and might even take years or hundreds of years between each of them.

After Zihong was gone they sat back down, there were still seven Demi Gods and with this new addition, they would have nothing to fear.

Even the mood in the hall became much more confident after his brief appearance.

"First, I will try to kill Vritra and unlike before I won't go easy on him or play around, if he plays tricks, then you all can join."

The plan was pretty simple but the details would be explained by Lizzi.

The smile on Drino's face widened, these Demi Gods all had vast armies under them, and a lot of powerful people.

So they can first send some to test the waters, this time for sure, Drino will kill the guy who disrespected him so much.

Even destroyed his body.

'Vritra, very soon, I will be there to behead you and then make you watch as I kill everyone you care for!!'

***

In a room, a man with a short height lay over the bed, screaming in his sleep as if he was seeing some nightmare.

There were marks all over his skin, as if he was beaten very brutally.

The room was full of trophies, each bigger and more special than the other, there were so many trophies that a big ground of several kilometres radius could be covered with them.

The room itself wasn't as big of course but spatial ability was used to place all the trophies there.

Even the floor had trophies on it, here and there.

The man screamed louder and rolled, falling off the bed with a loud thud and hit his head against the floor.

"Aghhh my eye! Damnit someone come here!! Uwaaaaah!!" he screamed, having accidentally hit his eye against a trophy, which pierced through his eyeball.

This was clearly not the first time it had happened.

A couple of maids rushed into the room, pulled out the trophy, poured some sort of potion.

Put him back over the bed and then left.

But not before putting the trophy back at the right place.

The room was back to silence once again, but the sound of whipping was still ringing in his ears.

This was of course none other than Petophil, the lawyer who had fought against Vritra and got punished by Evelyn.

His father is an important figure and a really really busy person, since his childhood, even he himself had only seen his father not more than three times.

Including at his birth.

Just to prove that he is a worthy son, Petophil had done so much, he had won all sorts of awards.

Gone to far away places to get knowledge, and became the best lawyer there is, he had never lost a single case.

This was the first time he lost, and it was so bad that he can no longer enter a court.

He had been thoroughly destroyed by that guy Vritra, there was nothing he could do to Evelyn.

So all his anger surged for only one person, because of him, his father had to see such embarrassing moments of his life.

He even left him to get beaten in the prison for a few days.

And told Petophil to never call him father again, it was like everything had ended in a single day.

How can he just let Vritra live peacefully?

Petophil wanted to take revenge so badly, all the clients he had helped before, which were mostly Demi Gods or other important figures were called.

He even called the head of the Nine Pacts, whose leader is at the 7th level, he can obliterate someone like Vritra in a second.

Now that he was unable to sleep, Petophil decided to just go ahead and start the meeting already.

He sat up then jumped off the bed-

THUD

But the same trophy with a pointy head pierced through his feet, as Petophil screamed and fell.

...

Ten minutes later, Petophil sat inside a room.

There was no one else other than a few maids who were from different races, and were beauties according to him.

They served him some food, and finally he connected to several important figures.

Their silhouettes appeared on the chairs, all sitting silently and waited for the popular ex-lawyer Petophil to speak.

"As you all know, a man dared to challenge me and play dirty. The context is simple, I want him dead as quickly as possible."

Petophil announced as he glanced at the several figures, who were all heads of big organizations.

"Sir Petophil, that is a small matter, I alone can take care of this." The head of the Nine Pacts spoke confidently.

With his strength how can someone at just the 3rd level be of any difficulty, he would just need to send a few underlings to kill him.

"No no, I don't just want him to die." Petophil spoke, making others confused then he added with a grin.

"I want Vritra to suffer, so instead of just killing him, keep harassing him. Keep sending strong Demi Gods to make his life a living hell. I want you all to personally focus on this task, send your best and most troublesome guys to do it. And once I have had enough fun, we can kill him." Petophil spoke, his smile widening.

Just imagining that guy suffering made him so happy.

"Haha Sir Petophil, I didn't expect you to be so petty and sadistic, but that is doable, we all have enough time to bully that kid, don't worry and leave this to us."

The leader of Nine Pacts spoke and the others chimed in.

There were many other Demi Gods who all would do this to gain Petophil's favour, his father worked for a higher being.

And he himself was quite capable.

After giving a few more instructions, he dismissed them and decided to go and try to sleep again.

While walking back to his room, Petophil was grinning ear to ear and laughing strangely.

Very soon, he will get back his position and the respect he had lost, he will regain it all.

And prove to his father, that he is indeed his son.

***

While others were making plans to kill or torture him, Vritra was preparing for a peaceful life, hoping to enjoy this peace for some time.

He sat in the House of Darkness, absorbing the energy from the orbs.

In the end, it took them a bit longer than expected but after two and a half weeks, the nine of them were finally done.

All of them had reached the level 3 of Demi Gods, their strength increased exponentially.

Vritra felt he could destroy the entire continent with a couple of punches at most.

This feeling was really satisfying but of course, because of what Shitless had said, Vritra was nowhere near satisfied with this.

He needed to increase his strength quickly but the games could take a long time and even so, it would be very difficult.

So that path can't be chosen to quickly increase his strength.

Only Divine could help him with it for now, and even that guy will be gone soon.

Vritra sighed as he opened his eyes and glanced around, the auras of them all had gotten very strong.

Even the air in the hall felt heavier than before because of their growth.

But what surprised him was Shitless, there wasn't any energy emanating from him instead, his physique had improved instead.

The complete change was to his body, which was shining like some metal even in normal form, especially his bald head.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios