Chapter 184: Second Round

’How cunning, they even put the blame for Aldric’s murder on my head...’ Vritra sighed.

Now he was being hunted for the murder of thousands of imaginary innocent people and for a crime he didn’t even commit.

Even though he had indirectly saved the Dunshire Kingdom from two dangerous organisations and the demons, if it wasn’t for him, there would have been countless deaths.

Throwing this matter out of his head, Vritra decided to relax with his family. As soon as he wins the competition, he would get the empty 1st Grace Legion Stone and will be able to leap into the legion rank. Then he would raise those two men from the Bone Blood Cult into soul wraiths.

His sin points will also increase by a lot by then.

Even the soul wraiths he had left behind in the labyrinth were quickly approaching the legion rank. But as he thought of this, Vritra remembered something and asked Yasmine: ’Will Dark Knight and the others also need a Legion Stone if they want to enter the legion rank?’

"No, that’s the magical thing about Nihil-Anima. The soul wraiths could continue to grow forever as long as they can devour strong souls. They would need a big push to enter that rank, but the labyrinth should be enough," Yasmine answered, while thinking of all the dangers that surrounded Vritra.

Both the evil and good sides stood against him. It was already so dangerous for him to survive, and now even the Grieves seemed to be lingering around.

Vritra and the three women continued with their trip through the market, entering different shops and experiencing all kinds of new things. After a few hours, Vanessa and Diana returned to the hotel while Vritra and Fiona went on their date, spending quality time together.

Both of them wanted to know more about each other. The more time they spent in each other’s company, the more close they became. Vritra and Fiona sat on a bench in a park; she was hugging his arm while her head rested over his shoulder. She loved such alone moments with him.

She twirled her finger in the air and created a phoenix with flames, that spread its wings and flew away before disappearing after a few seconds.

"Your level is still too low—even Mom’s and Diana’s. All three of you need to level up too since there is too much danger around me, and sometimes you would have to depend on yourself," Vritra said, while holding her hand and tracing the lines over her soft palm with his finger.

"Mmm, I know. Should we go hunt some demons?" Fiona asked, feeling a bit tingly as Vritra squeezed and massaged her palm.

"Yeah, but let me understand this kingdom a bit more, then I will make the arrangements," Vritra answered. He didn’t want to make leveling up too easy for them—otherwise, they won’t be able to fight when danger arrives—but also not too tough.

He decided to check the areas filled with demons around. After he reaches the legion rank, he could easily help their levels rise.

The two spent several hours together, before finally returning back to the hotel. Aside from the overly excited crowd, the Blue Kingdom was quite peaceful for now. A lot of guards were stationed around the kingdom to stop anyone from disturbing the Empress.

The whole day passed in calmness, and then Vritra returned to his room. After a short routine training session, the two fell asleep under the sheet, hugging one another.

***

As the dawn broke, the streets became crowded as thousands of people rushed towards the competition venue. The crowd was even bigger than the last time because of the talks about Jin Woo and his team’s wondrous performance.

Diana, Vanessa, and Fiona wished him good luck before walking towards the first gate. They found empty seats soon and sat together, all three of them were wearing veils.

Vritra walked towards the other door. The line there was much shorter than the previous day, but a lot of people had gathered there to see the rumored Jin Woo, who had easily obtained victory in the first round.

He was like a great hero in everyone’s eyes—the complete opposite of Daddy V.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +1,680}

{Sin Point Gained: Liked +279}

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +1,676}

...

Vritra looked at the crowd and smiled faintly as he joined the line. His number had changed and now it was nine hundred ninety. The security today was just as high as the previous day; several people were asking questions and making sure there wasn’t any problem.

After all the preparations were done, Vritra found himself standing in the same hall. Though the participants there were only one thousand, so it was quite empty.

Vritra took a seat and waited for everyone to make their way into the hall. Since he was going to be in the second batch again, he could obtain the victory just like before.

After a few minutes, all the participants had arrived. Of course, because of personal reasons, very few weren’t able to reach the venue.

Soon the rude head guard, along with a few other guards, entered the hall and scanned the entire group of participants. After clicking his tongue, he began to speak in a loud voice:

"Why are you all just wasting our time for a few gold pieces when you are just going to lose in the end? Anyway, the arrangements will be just like yesterday—two groups, each of five hundred, and out of them ten from each group would be selected. Numbers up to 500 follow me, your battle will start soon."

Then he turned and walked out of the hall as nearly half of the participants followed behind him.

Vritra glanced around and didn’t see Rich there. That guy was just there for entertainment after all. Then he focused on the participants. Out of the thousand participants, only six were at the legion rank, out of which two went in the first batch.

After a few moments, he stood up and walked to the front of the large group, and everyone quieted down even before he said anything. All the participants looked at him with hope. They felt if they could join his group, they would definitely win the competition.

After ten minutes, Vritra had selected the nine members of his team, and two legion-ranked were present in it.

He could have taken all four, but that would increase the difficulty for him in the next round. He planned to eliminate those two legion-ranked young men in this round. That way, in the next round, there would only be four legion-ranked fighters.

After waiting for two hours, which Vritra used to explain his tactics to his team, the match of the first batch ended. Finally, it was their turn to go into the arena. The rude head guard led them out as they all climbed onto the stage, and the crowd went mad with cheers as they saw the red team, being led by that handsome leader.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +39,385}

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +38,922}

{Sin Point Gained: Liked +36,373}

...

Just by standing there, waves after waves of sin points flooded. Vritra looked at all the audience with a smile. His simple action made the hearts of countless girls’ flutter.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...