Chapter 56: Hard Working goddess [R-18]

"Actually, when I was returning, I saw a man in a black robe—hmm, just like that person near you. He was chanting something and adding some fluid to this corpse. Then he left the corpse outside and disappeared. I took the corpse and brought it here. I felt there might be something big happening," Vritra explained.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Locked on +2}

The king shared a look with the black-robed man beside him. Then he looked at Vritra and completely hid all his emotions, speaking with a smile:

"You indeed did a good thing. This thing will be thoroughly checked, and we will see if there is any problem."

Then he gestured, and along with the information minister—the one from earlier—over ten guards walked towards the corpse, looking at it carefully.

Vritra whispered something to his mother, who nodded and left the hall. The king narrowed his eyes as he held back his anger. From the beginning, Vritra had shown absolutely no respect towards him.

After Vanessa left, Vritra looked back at the king, then at Vanessa.

"While you research it, I have something important to discuss with Diana—uhh, the goddess," he spoke, acting as if he was fumbling over his words.

"..." Diana frowned but pretended not to hear him call her name. Normally, she would have harshly punished anyone who dared to do so.

The king was surprised seeing Diana not react. It seemed Vritra indeed had some kind of relation with the goddess. Due to this thought, he decided not to kill Vritra anytime soon.

"Let’s talk in that room for a minute," he added, pointing towards an empty room connected to the hall.

Diana, although feeling defiant and angry inside, still nodded calmly and stood up before walking towards the room.

Fiona was calmly observing everything. She ignored Jack’s gaze—the leader of the group who was still deeply in love with her. While Max was still seething in rage. If given the chance, he really wanted to kill Vritra. Looking to the side, he calmed down upon seeing the beautiful face of the girl he loved.

The redhead was a bit scared of Vritra. It seemed he had changed completely; previously he was strange, but he was always quiet and didn’t bother with people who did not bother him. But now...

’Anyway, for more than two months we have been focusing completely on leveling up and training. Max and I had barely spent any time together. I am sure he likes me too; I wonder if he is going to propose to me soon.’ Fiona felt happy at this thought. She liked Max quite a lot and had planned to spend her life with him, though there are some dreams that could never come true.

Fiona’s thoughts were interrupted. While walking towards the room, Vritra turned his head and looked at her, nodding with a small smile, making the young lady feel a shiver.

{Sin Point Gained: Startled +1}

Under the king and others’ gazes, Vritra and the goddess entered the room and closed the door behind them, while a few people were busy examining the demon giant’s corpse.

...

Inside the room, Diana stood there with her arms crossed and a cold expression on her face. She looked at Vritra indifferently and asked, "So what was it that you wanted to talk about?"

"First make it so that no one outside can hear us," Vritra spoke. He looked around and pulled a chair before sitting down on it.

She nodded and released a faint barrier that surrounded the room. Then she asked, "Now tell me, what is it?"

Vritra’s lips curled up into a big smile as he spoke, "Then kneel and start working."

"H-Huh? Do that? Right here? Have you gone m-mad? Everyone is right outside; there is no way we can do anything like that here. H-How about... I do it back in my room? Please, just not here." Diana pleaded with a disbelieving look on her face.

{Sin Point Gained: Dazed +1}

"Well fine, you can reject if you want, but as a compensation, you will have to walk on all fours behind me after we leave the room—hmm, for five minutes," Vritra said nonchalantly, ready to stand up.

Crawl behind him in front of everyone?!

Diana hastily shook her head. Then she gritted her teeth and nodded.

{Sin Point Gained: Cursed +1}

"F-Fine, I will do it," Diana resigned herself to her fate of a slave. She was happy just to maintain a high image in front of everyone, but she couldn’t help but curse him in her mind.

"Then finish it faster, or the people outside will get the right idea," Vritra smiled and winked at her as he sat calmly over the chair, looking at the beet-red face of the goddess who approached him hesitatingly and with a resistive look on her face.

Biting her lip lightly, Diana knelt between Vritra’s legs. Then, without receiving any further instruction, she began to loosen his clothes. As soon as the familiar cock sprang out, she gulped at the sight.

But why does it seem a bit bigger than before? She didn’t know that his entire body had undergone a huge transformation. So now, it was the cock of a dragon—the little dragon.

{Sin Point Gained: Cursed +1}

She gently cupped the cock between her soft palms and felt the hot skin. Before starting, she looked up at Vritra and asked, "But how do I f-finish it faster? We can’t stay here for too long. Tell me, how should I do it?"

"Figure it out yourself, just do your best. You don’t want people outside to know what we are doing here, right?" Vritra answered, loving that desperate and hateful look on her pretty pale face.

Diana tried not to curse him again. She couldn’t waste any more time and had to finish it as soon as possible. Her gaze focused on his penis that was held between her palms.

She now had a little idea of his sensitive areas, and she was planning to do whatever it takes to make him climax before the people outside got suspicious.

Taking a deep breath, Diana’s eyes were filled with determination as she immediately got to work.

{Sin Point Gained: Corrupted +1}

Her moist red lips parted and the small pink tongue came out. Without any hesitation, she gave the glans a hard lick while stroking the shaft with her soft palms.

She maintained eye contact with Vritra, knowing that this action might also excite him.

With deliberate movements, she began to lick the tip, wetting the glans in her warm saliva. After giving a soft kiss to the tip, her tongue moved towards the shaft. She gently licked the frenulum and poked it with the tip of her tongue.

Within moments, Vritra’s cock had become rock hard and grown to a length that seemed even more than the last time. But Diana held back her surprise and didn’t stop her actions.

After licking the frenulum, she stretched out her tongue and licked his burning hot skin, while kissing and sucking along the length of his penis, slowly moving down towards the base.

"Mmmm~ SLURP SLURP Ummphh~" mild moans came out of her mouths, as she observed his reactions to her actions.

____________

Thanks for reading...