Chapter 59: Gang of Demons

Just as the Hellmancer’s work was done, it had already exhausted all of its energy in placing all those restrictions on Arthur while increasing the strength of its five teammates to the limits.

The Demonic Giant and the golem attacked at the same time, their large fists containing every bit of their strength struck down on Arthur who could only take the attack head on. The golden knight also exerted all his strength as he tightly held his sword in front of his chest.

Releasing a mad roar, he used a large amount of his energy to form several golden shields in front of him. He was the only strongest warrior around to protect the king right now, aside from the man in the black robe, but Arthur would never put his hopes on others.

WHOOOOSH

BOOOOOOOM BAAANNNNNNGGGGGGG

Four giant fists landed on the shields at the same time. They broke apart one by one until all the shields had shattered and Arthur himself had to shield the blows with his body.

CRACK CRACK

Cracks extended along the body of his sword as he took a step back but had successfully stopped the attacks of two giant figures. His arm was numb, but he didn’t seem to have received much injury, just some minor cracks on his armor.

After the man from Nine Pacts had sent all the teenagers away from the battlefield, he decided to intervene and protect the king since they still needed him. He was also surprised by the barrage of attacks; the opponent wasn’t giving them any time at all.

As soon as the enormous black golem had launched its first attack, effectively its body disappeared. In an instant, a thick black barrier appeared around the man in the black robe, completely cutting him off from the outside.

After exhausting some of Arthur’s energy, the only purpose of the demonic golem was to hold back the man in the black robe for just a few seconds. This shield was undoubtedly extremely strong, not only did it protect the man in black, but it would also make it impossible for him to participate in the battle for a few moments.

HIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!

Then came the turn for the Demonic Wyrm King. It released a shrill cry as it appeared in front of Arthur instantly. The Wyrm King exhausted all its energy in a single attack. Such a large amount of mana was used in less than a second as its body began to disappear.

After accumulating all that energy, the Wyrm King threw out a sphere of burning red liquid. At first it looked like blood, but wherever it passed, the surroundings began to melt and rot. It was an extremely dangerous poison created with all the energy in Wyrm King’s body.

As the large serpent disappeared, its attack had successfully arrived in front of the golden armored knight, who still stood proudly and ready to tackle this attack as well. He collected a vast amount of energy in his hands before channeling it into his sword.

This was his full-power attack. It would easily be able to kill a couple of these strange demons. But before the red sphere could collide or Arthur could launch his attack, the distorted demon—the Chimera—finally made its move.

It let out a loud roar that shook the land, and thousands of people in the capital fainted instantly. The few guards who had managed to survive were blasted into a bloody mess instantly.

This wasn’t a simple roar but a mental attack, and its main target was Arthur. Those guards died just by the aftershocks. It was their bad luck to be present at such a place during such a dangerous fight.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOM

This time, even Arthur suffered damage from the sonic attack. He coughed out blood and even more flowed out of his nose and ears. The energy in his body became chaotic, disrupting his strongest attack and making him suffer the backlash instead, as the energy he gathered exploded in his hands.

All ten of his fingers exploded and even his palms were a mess, but the Chimera wasn’t done. Just a fraction of a second before the liquid sphere could fall on the knight, several tentacles shot out of its body at an incredible speed, turning into a blur as they struck the armor and almost shattered it, as cracks extended all over it.

SSSSZZZZZZZZZZZZZTTTTTTTTTT

A sizzling sound reverberated all across the broken hall as the two-meter-wide sphere finally landed on the defenseless Arthur. He wasn’t even able to use the mana in his body to resist because of the constant sonic attack that the Chimera was releasing—it almost made his mind explode.

Very few people could actually resist against mental or soul attacks.

KRAAANNNNGGGGGGG!

THUD THUD

SIZZLE!!

As the viscous liquid fell on his body, the armor that was barely holding on finally broke down and fell to the ground before being dissolved by the corrosive power of the venomous fluid.

Arthur was in an even worse state. His entire body was covered by this toxic fluid. His skin, despite the high defense, gradually began to melt, and his flesh was being affected.

But being a fighter who had survived for several centuries and had been through countless battles, Arthur’s mind still hadn’t crumbled. He planned to fight to his very last breath.

After getting a bit used to the sonic attack, Arthur crazily compressed the mana in his body before letting it explode with a wild ferocity. It affected his body too, but all the liquid that was slowly eroding his body was thrown away in all directions.

Of course, the king was completely protected under the golden and black shields.

Right now, Arthur was in the worst state he had ever been. His mind was working at only twenty percent, while more than seventy percent of his energy had already been exhausted. His physical body was in its worst condition.

The golden knight from the start was never able to exhibit his strength properly nor use any of his treasures to turn the tables.

Because he had to protect the king, he had neglected his own safety, which was why his condition had deteriorated to this state.

All his skin was gone. Even his bones could be seen clearly on several parts of his body, while his blood had been corroded. He looked like a corpse who had been brutally murdered.

Yet it was still not enough to kill a monster like him. A person at such a high level is extremely difficult to kill. Even if more than half of their body had been destroyed, they would still survive and recover gradually. Their vital energy becomes extremely high.

So to kill people at such high levels, they have to be properly dealt with and destroyed in every possible way. Their soul, body, and mind should be thoroughly annihilated. Otherwise, with the right methods or treasures, they would still be able to survive—or be resurrected.

"COME FORWARD, YOU DEMONS!!!"

Arthur roared in a hoarse voice as he threw away his broken sword. He used his remaining energy to activate a secret move—his final trump card that had saved his life several times in the past and had killed the most dangerous and troublesome foes. Even though the cost was quite high.

___________

Thanks for reading...