Chapter 71: Demonic Eye Slash

’Sigh, such timid people. What could they do with so little courage?’ Vritra shook his head internally and decided to give one more push.

"Hehe, let the show start, hubby!!" Yasmine cheered him on. Aside from Monk Shitless, who was hiding in one of the corners, she was the only one who cheered for him to create more chaos.

Taking a deep breath, Vritra gave a loud shout: "If all of you have more than two fathers then move, but if you are cowards, then just stay standing there like the loyal pigs you all are."

"!!!"

{Sin Point Gained: Taunted +1,134}

{Sin Point Gained: Hated +15,052}

{Sin Point Gained: Cursed +2,521}

...

The warriors on the stage were instantly enraged. They had trained for so long, so how could they stand when someone was cursing them like that? Their rage overtook their minds as all of them took one step towards Vritra.

STEP!!!

"You bastard, of course we aren’t cowards. Now you’re gonna have to pay the price for your shit talking." One warrior raised a heavy hammer as he got ready to charge forward.

"Of course we have more than two fathers, do you think we are like you—" While another warrior was shouting, he suddenly noticed something, and all the warriors instinctively fell silent.

Vritra seemed to have played the word game; shouldn’t he have said: "If you are born from a single father then step forward?"

STEP...

All of the warriors took that step back at the same time, as they glared at Vritra, who was just enjoying the rain of Sin Points. The more emotions he induced in them, the more points he obtained.

{Sin Point Gained: Furious +1,134}

{Sin Point Gained: Observed +15,052}

...

"Alright, let’s not waste any more time and get started. All thousand of you are free to use whatever means to fight me." Vritra announced as he raised his hand to bring forth his weapon.

All his opponents became vigilant. They wondered if his weapon was the one giving him all the confidence.

Vritra brought his right hand back towards his neck and seemed to pull out his deadly weapon from under his cape. All the thousands of people watched with curiosity to see the legendary weapon.

As he brought his right hand forward, everyone saw a thin and long green stick in his hand that seemed to have broken off from a tree just recently. It was like a stick parents or teachers would use to scare the kids or sometimes punish.

{Sin Point Gained: Stunned +15,055}

{Sin Point Gained: Mocked +14,826}

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1,134}

...

"Now, come and fight me." Vritra took one step forward, waving the thin stick dangerously in the air.

"..." The warriors were just shocked by this scene.

"Let me go, just let me go. I am going on the stage and I am going to kill that daddy on my own—I mean Daddy V on my own." One middle aged man from the spectators shouted, even though no one was holding him.

"I- Is this damned creature planning to fight us all with that flexible stick? Is he openly mocking us all? Fuck, I knew it. He was only here to cause trouble."

"Kill him! Kill him! Kill him! Kill him! Whoever kills him will be able to marry my daughter and gain all my property! Just kill this bastard!" Uranus, who was supposed to keep the situation calm, was the most angry one.

"Go, Daddy V, Go! Beat all their asses with that stick! You are the greatest of all!" someone cheered from under the seats.

"Huh? Isn’t that Baldy’s voice? Where is that bastard hiding? He is in cahoots with Daddy V. Brothers, let us kill that Baldy first—oh, that bastard is hiding under the seats."

Vritra looked at the messages in satisfaction. His points were shooting up like crazy. After he was done gathering all the points, he would certainly be able to pull out one or two things at least with so many points.

"Let’s just kill him." The warriors couldn’t hold themselves back anymore. All thousand of them charged forward with their weapons raised while some prepared to launch various kinds of spells at Vritra.

"Heh, now face my most dangerous and deadly attack, the power I have been hiding in my left hand for a long time. Go and face the..." While speaking, Vritra raised his left hand, but no warrior stopped at his bluff. They arrived very close to him.

"The Demonic Eye Slash." Vritra shouted in a menacing voice as he waved his left hand in the air, and something red colored shot out of it. The warriors finally became vigilant as they raised their guards and pulled up their defenses.

But it was too late. The ones in the front were affected first as the Demonic Eye Slash struck them all. A burning sensation instantly spread in their eyes, and they could only stand there while rubbing their eyes and cursing. The red powder spread across the air and under Vritra’s control spread across all the other warriors.

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +15,109}

{Sin Point Gained: Speechless +15,097}

{Sin Point Gained: Looked Down Upon +14,103}

...

"D- Did this bastard really just use chili powder in such a fight? And he called it what—Demonic Eye Slash?!! Hah, ridiculous! How is this not against the rules? Just let me enter and I will break that bastard’s neck." The same man from earlier shouted, rolling up his sleeves.

"Hey host! Get that cheater out! How is this a fair fight? He is so despicable, so detestable! I hate him even more than the man who stole my wife, fuck!!"

Vritra didn’t care about any of them. For him, this wasn’t a fair fight to begin with—no, it wasn’t even a fight. It was just to farm Sin Points, and he was going to do whatever it took to get them, as many as he could.

He controlled the chili particles with his dust manipulation skill and made most of the warriors go blind for a bit of time.

"Now, get ready to suffer!!" Vritra spoke and released a loud demonic laughter that reverberated even outside the arena, making people shiver. The audience was already worried about those poor warriors who were still rubbing their eyes.

Vritra moved calmly forward as his speed increased suddenly. He didn’t use full speed, but only of someone near the 200 level, which still surprised the audience.

His figure almost turned into a blur as he moved from warrior to warrior, his right hand slashing at the opponents dozens of times each second.

BANG BANG

WHACK WHACK

WHAP! —

"Aiiieee! Aiiiiieeeeeee! Not the face, NOT THE FACE!!"

"Ow- ow- ow- ow! Nooo, not again!"

"NYAAAHHHHHHHH! My spine!! Waaah! That was my butt!! SOB, PLEASE, I HAVE A FAMILY!! N- Not there! Ugghhh! My children..."

"KYAAAAAA! M- MORE, YESSSS!! RIGHT THERE, SMACK MY ASS—HNNNNN~"

...

Loud noises from the people instantly filled the entire arena. Vritra moved from person to person at an extremely fast speed and would deliver a couple dozen strikes before moving to the next person.

The audience fell into shocked silence as they watched this baffling sight. Those warriors were releasing all kinds of noises.

{Sin Point Gained: Dazed +14,107}

{Sin Point Gained: Shivered +13,937}

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +15,011}

{Sin Point Gained: Petrified +9,168}

...

____________

Thanks for reading...