Chapter 522 A Fatal Misunderstanding

"Gunter, you are finally here. Welcome!"

Shen walked forward before his grandfather could, worried that this event might turn into a fight.

"Shen, I apologize for being late. Uhm… we were held back because… of some unforeseen problem."

Gunter said while scratching his cheek.

Wondering how it would sound if he said they were late because his son overslept, though he knew they already knew it.

"It's alright, who could ever expect such serious problem to arrive out of nowhere?"

Shen said, he too couldn't hold back his anger despite trying his best.

'Sigh they are our guests, and her future potential in laws, we have to be respectful.'

The monarch of the Ford family quickly regained his composure.

"Anyway, why did so few of you come? Was there another unforeseen problem?"

Shen said, only to curse inside, maintaining a smile.

Gunter perked up, for this he had a really good reason.

"Actually yes, just look at these. Do you think they would have been able to come here in their current condition?"

He hurriedly showed the images of all the bandaged family members.

From youngsters to middle aged guys, there were so many people.

"What? How did your family get in such a bad shape? Did someone attack you? Was it the demons?"

Shen asked, he didn't remember hearing any news.

"Uhm… it was because of internal conflict but now the family is back together, everything is resolved."

Gunter added.

"Sigh Forgive me, please come inside, we were waiting just for you to start the event"

After looking around he only saw the servants and few family members.

He looked over the few young men in the group, and questioned:

"So, which among them is Art?"

'Hmm They look average or maybe even below that. Based on every parameter, all these guys are worse than even the worst person we found during the marriage competitions. I can't believe we have to marry her off to someone from them. The Yates are done it seems, if only the circumstances weren't the same then we wouldn't even look at guys like them. Sigh my poor…'

Shen's running thoughts were interrupted by Gunter.

"Oh, he is none among them. Hmm he is…"

Gunter turned and looked behind the servants.

Sir Giant, Rich and other members of the Ford family had arrived closer now to see the groom.

"There he is, since my wife is still weak so he is helping his mother."

He added with a look of pride.

"I see."

Shen, Sir Giant and Rich all glanced faintly before turning their gaze away, not expecting anything.

But after a moment, their gaze shifted back to the person in a red outfit with white pattern on it, walking along a pale woman.

"Oh!"

Several gasps sounded the moment they actually saw the person they had been waiting for, it was like he had walked straight out of the most beautiful painting.

The world around him seemed to be full of liveliness and colours, he actually looked a bit too good.

"T- That is your son?"

Sir Giant asked in surprise, pointing his finger straight at Vritra.

"Yes, who else, that is Art."

Gunter felt even more proud after seeing their response.

'He… looks quite good at least.'

They thought, their anger dimming a bit.

It wasn't just the Ford family members, but even the crowd stared at him with wide eyes as messages after messages kept popping.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +3,422}

{Sin Point Gained: Enchanted +3,422}

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +3,422}

{Sin Point Gained: Loved +1,725}

…

There wasn't a single person who hadn't turned to take a look at him, and soon all discussions were about Art.

Many women were planning to propose marriage to him, none of the women could resist his charms.

"Why does it look like he has no strength? I remember him being quite the genius when he was younger."

Sir Giant asked, narrowing his eyes and sensing Vritra's presence.

"Oh that's… of course he isn't powerless, it's a treasure he is using which completely hides his presence and strength."

Gunter made up a lie.

"I see, that makes sense. Anyway, the event is already quite late, please enter, we will be starting soon."

Sir Giant said, drinking his anger up.

It actually didn't look like Vritra was ill mannered, maybe something serious really happened.

All of them had heard that he had just recently returned and had been in a coma for so many days.

Maybe it was some medicine that reacted, making it unable for him to wake up.

And just like that, the three had formed reasons of their own, suddenly not feeling all that angry.

Shen led the Yate family members towards the seat, various things were especially prepared for them.

Gunter and Ava sat together, while Vritra sat on a seat beside them, all others taking seats behind the three.

Or rather four, Yasmine was sitting over Vritra's lap.

"Hehe Sorry for making you late hubby, but you know, now I feel anxious if I can't feel your warmth inside me. I have to keep trying."

The dragoness said, pressing her lips against his cheek.

Her lips touched his skin for a moment before disappearing back.

'Its alright wifey, rather than being here, I would love to spend more time with my wives.'

He thought, sitting with no emotions on his face.

Feeling thousands of eyes focussed on him, his looks had become even better.

So it really wasn't any surprise.

"COUGH"

Shen climbed to the platform, then he made the crowd silent. Thankfully, Vritra's appearance had completely made them forget everything else, so they no longer were mocking anyone.

"Welcome to this grand event, this is very important for us and the Yate family. Well things started a bit rough because of some hindrance, but now let's proceed with this event."

Shen said, looking over all the people.

People started talking among themselves lightly.

"I actually have an important announcement to make. It is related to a marriage between the Ford and Yate family."

As he spoke, the people became even louder, discussing it.

Vritra was looking around, his gaze soon met with Rich who was walking closer to him.

"Hello Art, I am Rich. We had met when we were younger, I heard about your recent return, are you alright?"

Rich paused in front of him and asked with a faint smile.

Vritra nodded and extended his hand, Rich was a friend of his even though the other guy didn't recognise him.

"Yes, I am perfectly fine."

The two shook hands, Rich seemed to have a good opinion of him.

Vritra decided to tell him about his real identity later, there were too many people around.

He could just say he was Art all along or something.

Smiling, he added:

"It seems we are becoming relatives now."

"Yeah, but how strange would it be that a guy younger than me would be becoming my uncle. Sigh, do you mind if I still call you Art?"

Rich questioned, imagining calling him Uncle.

"yeah that's perfectly fine"

Huh wait, what do you mean uncle?"

Just then, Shen made the announcement:

"The important and joyous announcement is that our two families will be becoming in laws. Art Yate will be marrying my sister, Rich's aunt."

Vritra: "…"

Yasmine: "…"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...