Chapter 599 Love Room

Oracle gazed towards the entrance, with their capability, the Divine Kage must already be aware of Vritra's return.

If only they could come, then there was still a chance of survival.

"Boys, come here." Vritra gestured, and the bodies of ten Twilight members floated towards him.

Using his natural hypnosis which was extremely powerful now, he commanded: "We need to send this good pet away happily and filled, can't let him die empty-handed and empty-stomached."

"W- What?" the leader of the group was equally terrified as their bodies slowly landed on their feet.

"Since this is a wedding, there should be some romance in the air." Vritra's smile widened, frightening the eleven men.

On the ground, Oracle kept wriggling and pleading. He knew he was in the wrong, he had made a big mistake, he wanted to apologize but it was already too late.

Not keeping them in suspense, Vritra spoke: "Alright, go take him inside and fuck him to death."

As soon as he spoke, the faces of all eleven of them turned white, especially Oracle.

Just thinking of something like that, how humiliating would it be? He tried to die but had no energy, he couldn't even move.

The Twilight members also wanted to beg but their bodies moved automatically, and they moved towards the pitiful Oracle.

All ten of them had big strong bodies and unlike Oracle they still had their full strength.

Everyone in the hall was terrified as they watched the ten men drag the leader of Golden Moon into a room.

Then even more screams sounded from inside, sounds of clothes getting torn, objects falling and then loud slapping.

The faces of all the people in the hall were full of disgust and terror, they imagined the scene of ten burly men forcing Oracle and couldn't help but vomit.

Now the place was filled with Oracle's muffled screams, several thumping sounds, and Sir Giant's shouts.

Vritra stood there, feeling that revenge really was enjoyable.

Just then he glanced towards the sky and saw several figures rushing inside.

Of course it was the people from the Divine Kage, they were finally here.

He sensed their strength and shook his head in disappointment as not one was under number fifty.

As soon as the twenty or so men had landed they were pressed into the ground, their flesh ripping and bones breaking.

They kept muttering different things in robotic voices, but were completely helpless and started to feel fear.

"Divine Kage, you people sure are very arrogant. Anyway, why don't you all join in the lovemaking of the special bride, go ahead inside and enjoy with the rest. Go and fuck each other to death."

In the next moment, their bodies moved on their own and they too entered the room.

Soon even more noises started to come out.

Before long, Sir Giant just fainted and could no longer endure the constant torture. So Vritra ended it, this much was fine, now he decided to let this family be, of course except that woman.

Looking to the corner he saw that she had already awakened and had sat up.

Shaking his head, he made her float as she screamed in an annoying voice, then Vritra just threw her far away.

She flailed her arms and legs, screaming in terror, but disappeared into the distance soon.

"Haa now all that's left is to let them fight among themselves, these people are quite fierce and hungry." Vritra chuckled as he heard the wild noises coming from inside.

He too was disgusted and kept his senses away from it, not wanting to see even a glance inside.

"DIEEEEEE!! YOU ALL DIE!!" Just then a scream rang out, startling all the people who were starting to relax.

Even Vritra looked over in surprise, and soon saw someone familiar.

"None of you deserve to live, I am going to obliterate everyone who killed her." The man shouted.

It was none other than Han Gratt, the person who secretly loved Yennefer, he had disappeared after the war too.

'Oh, how come he is here?' Vritra thought, and didn't react immediately, watching the madman.

Han's eyes were bloodshot and his hair was messy, it seemed he had really lost his mind.

"I am going to blast you all to pieces." He shouted and laughed madly.

For a long time he had searched for Yennefer everywhere but no matter what, he could never find her.

And in the end only one outcome remained, he understood that she might be dead, he might have lost her forever.

Only because of her he followed that emperor, even if he couldn't be with her, Han still wanted to support Yennefer in whatever way he could.

But now she was gone, he wanted everyone who had participated in the war to die.

He had been looking for a way to deal with them all, of course his strength was not enough, so he decided to use this chance.

Now that all these people were here, he wanted to blast them to pieces with the treasures he prepared.

"Hello there, long time no see, Han." Vritra floated up, his demonic figure exuding a deadly aura.

"H- Huh? Vritra, is that you? How are you, weren't you dead? Wha- Huh?" Han was truly shocked, staring wide-eyed.

But then he shook his head and asked urgently: "Yennefer, where is she?!!"

"…She is alive and with me, just leave and start a new life." Vritra said, he didn't hold any grudge against this guy.

Instead, in the war Han had fought from their side because of Yennefer.

"She is alive?!! Really? Where is she? I want to see her once." Han immediately asked, he was overjoyed and could live peacefully with just that information.

"Sigh, because of current circumstances, she can't meet you. Anyway, do you wanna join?" Vritra smiled, and pointed towards the room in the distance.

Even if Yennefer was already back, he wouldn't like Han getting anywhere near her.

Even if they had known each other before, now that she was his and with Vritra's possessive nature, how could he let Han near her?

Han was a bit surprised as he focused on the strange mix of noises coming from that room.

Frowning he focused as his senses scanned inside and instantly his face turned pale and he vomited.

There was an orgy going on inside with so many men and the scene was very revolting and foul.

"N- No, but is Yennefer really back?" Han couldn't understand anything but was only concerned about this.

"Yes, she is alive. With me here, you don't have to worry or even think about her. Now leave." Vritra said, his eyes narrowing.

Han lingered around a bit longer as if he had a lot of questions, but in the end he just nodded and turned around.

"By the way, here, I planned to use this to blow up this realm." Before leaving, Han threw a glyph towards Vritra and then left.

Vritra floated for a couple of minutes, then he returned to the ground.

He didn't want to disturb the people in the room and allowed all the guests to leave first, they would spread the news of Oracle and make him even more famous.

Vritra was just walking towards his wives when he suddenly felt a faint sensation and in the next moment the tiny piece of pill in his inventory broke.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...