Chapter 537 Face Slapping

Fiona was the first to enter the hall along with a big army, with at least a couple thousand warriors, consisting of a few lords.

Just as the big group had walked midway towards Vritra, another woman entered.

This time it was the goddess, the human empress. Her army was just as big and powerful.

All the humans paused, they had to show respect towards their empress, fully aware of how dangerous she could be.

"Why would these t- two be here?!" Seeing such powerful forces, all the people couldn't help but take a fearful step back.

Even the five families and the battle in the sky paused.

But then…

"Empress of the Succubus Race, Vanessa Arclis has arrived." Another shocking announcement rang out, people felt their hearts palpitate.

Now Vanessa entered, with a big army as well. Despite the fear, the people couldn't help but be shocked by their appearance.

Each of them looked so beautiful, if Teresa didn't exist, they could all easily claim the first position.

"T- Three empresses?! Why would they even come to such a place, a- are they here to get the Stealer of Fate as well? Yeah, that must be it!" someone exclaimed.

After all, the witch was quite a powerful sorceress, and her inventions could easily become world treasures.

"Empress of the Dragon Race, Yasmine Arclis is here!!"

Before they could get over the shock, another announcement rang out, and this time many people truly fell to their knees.

Just recently they had heard that the Dragon Empress had returned, so it really was true.

Everyone knew how dangerous she could be, not to mention the strength of the entire Dragon Race.

"Sigh, am I dreaming? What sort of wedding is this?! D- Don't tell me there is going to be another war like before, are we going to die?"

Yasmine's presence, just like the other women, instantly brought pressure over the entire hall.

The most shocked were Sir Giant, Shen, and the Ford family. They had sent invitations to all the important and powerful people.

But they knew that people of that level wouldn't come.

They were just one powerful family in the human race, but those were on just another level.

"B- But why are they all using the same surname? Arclis… I think I have heard that somewhere."

"Yeah, it isn't too common of a surname. Oh wait, Vritra Arclis, wasn't that the surname of that demon?"

"So they are somehow related to him, hmm I doubt they would publicly show their relation if that was the case."

Yasmine too entered the place, bringing around a thousand dragons along. That would be enough to paint the hall red if she wished.

"T- The leader of the World Information Centre, Maeve Arclis is here!"

And finally, the last announcement rang out, people gasped yet again.

Although this organization couldn't yet be compared to other powerful races, it was easily as powerful as one of the five families.

"She too, Arclis… are they all from the same family?"

Finally, Maeve entered the hall, a couple thousand men following behind her, wearing robes that completely hid their appearances.

All five of the women walked towards the altar amidst the deadly silence, their armies stopped mid hall and spread throughout.

Vritra was a bit surprised by their dramatic entrances, but he wished Yennefer was here too.

'It's fine, I will find her really soon, I just need to finish the marriage.' Vritra thought.

Fiona, Diana, Vanessa, Yasmine, and Maeve all stopped before the altar. The tension was palpable, everyone wondering what their motive was.

"Art, sorry we got late, congratulations on your wedding." Vanessa was the first to speak.

"H- Huh? You know him?" Sir Giant almost fell from the sky as he questioned in even more bafflement.

"Of course, he is like a son to me." The Succubus Empress replied, a naughty glint in her eyes which only Vritra saw.

"Congratulations, Hu- cough, Art. May you two live a very long happy life together. I forgot the time, you aren't mad, right?"

Yasmine spoke, back in her authoritative and scary mode, though her tone was soft when talking to him.

"Congratulations, Master, sorry for being late, hehe." Maeve spoke. Vritra could almost see her tail moving from left to right, but now she had hidden it.

"M- Master? What does that even mean? I- Isn't he some trash from a sinking family who disappeared for so many years?" a young member from one of the three families spoke.

"Congratulations…" Fiona spoke in a mosquito-like voice, feeling extremely jealous. None of them had even gotten a proper ceremony yet.

If she hadn't seen that dream, then the Phoenix Empress would never have let Vritra marry another woman.

"E- Empress, you know Art too?" Sir Giant turned to look at Diana and questioned, wondering what was going on.

"Of course, he is my hu- master." Diana said, meeting Vritra's gaze with a beautiful smile.

"Ughh, this just can't be real. H- How is he related to so many powerful figures?" someone in the crowd muttered.

"Anyway, Master, tell us, why has the marriage paused? Is there some sort of problem?" Maeve asked, her expression turning serious.

"Is any of them causing trouble here?" Diana spoke, turning to glare at everyone present.

All the people shivered, these women could easily wipe off all the guests, the Yates, and the Sea creatures.

Who would dare to act rowdy in front of them?

"Oh right, I did hear a few of them badmouthing Art."

Yasmine clearly remembered every single person who had spoken badly about Vritra earlier, and she wasn't going to let them off easily.

"All of you step forward, how dare you be so rude to my son and even try to stop his marriage!!" Vanessa said. With just a thought, the minds of hundreds of men were controlled by her.

All of them stepped forward and knelt, looking confused for a moment but then came back to their senses.

"Punish them, I will personally deal with those damned families. How dare they badmouth my da- Art." Fiona said, as she took a step forward.

"And you all, start slapping yourselves until both your arms are broken and your faces are destroyed beyond recognition." Vanessa commanded.

The group was especially filled with the young masters from the top three families.

They were speaking ill of Vritra the most, and now this would be traumatic for their lives.

Their bodies moved on their own, and soon hundreds of loud slapping sounds started ringing out.

Each slap was really loud. Within seconds, many had started to bleed as they cried but couldn't stop.

Fiona looked at the two monarchs who were trying to get past Gunter and attack the altar.

The monarchs of the Grant and Trant families looked like mad beasts, fighting as if their lives were on the line.

"Be careful next time. You can't just afford to offend some people. Feel how your impulsive decision brought you nothing but regret and despair." Fiona's expression was chilly as she spoke.

"E- Empress, wait, we weren't-"

The two were terrified and tried to speak, but in the next moment their bodies got swallowed by the Undead Mythic Halo, a flame that could never be extinguished.

❖❖❖