Chapter 157: THUMP!! THUMP!!

Everyone on the battlefield was shocked by the explosion of the demonic energy. They all stared at Vritra, whose body had been almost destroyed by the destructive force.

It was obvious that Vritra was the one who had the Demon Lord’s core in his body. None among the three generals could believe that such a weak person was able to store something so powerful—and he even managed to do so in less than a minute.

They all looked at Blunder, thinking that he must be behind this as well, but upon seeing the shock on his face, it was obvious that even he had no idea about it.

Thaddeus just wanted to rush forward and take back that core, but right now it seemed that the energy core was going berserk after being trapped for some time. Everyone was afraid that if that thing exploded, none of them would be able to survive.

Although only 1% of its energy was leaking at this moment, it began to destroy Vritra’s body at an extremely high pace. The Elegy Parasite, which had spread itself across Vritra’s entire body, seemed to be suffering as well.

The tattoo on his back was being torn as, slowly, Vritra’s body began to wither and break apart. While this process was continuing, the others could only watch this scene in anticipation, waiting to see the outcome.

All of them moved back in haste, ready to leave the area as fast as possible if something went wrong.

Nine Pacts and the demon generals wanted to move even further back, but they were trapped in there by the barrier formed by Blunder.

While Blunder also wanted to move away, he himself was trapped by his own barrier and couldn’t remove it. It wouldn’t be activated again easily, and if removed, then the two other parties would surely kill them all.

More than fifty percent of Vritra’s body was destroyed within moments, and his health was close to 0. Just at that moment, a bottle was thrown toward the sky—not too high, but enough to create a little distance.

All the others swept their senses over the bottle and were shocked by the life force contained in that small glass bottle. It was a mythical treasure—something that could even bring the dead back to life.

They were all tempted to rush forward to catch it, but the fear of the Demon Lord’s energy kept them at bay. They could only watch as the bottle reached a height of over twenty feet before it began to fall down toward Vritra.

While inside the crater, the Demon Lord’s energy had mostly destroyed Vritra’s body, and then...

Finally, his vitality reached 0.

His breathing stopped completely, and his heart was dissolved into nothingness. He was lost into oblivion.

He was finally dead—and the first to notice this change were none other than Yasmine, Vanessa, and Diana.

Out of the three women, the former two completely broke down when they could no longer feel his presence. They couldn’t believe that... Vritra was dead.

Their connection with Vritra, on every possible level, went very deep. And the moment they sensed his death, the two women received such a heavy shock that they both fainted almost at the same time.

Morvik stared at the disbelieving scene in shock—nothing seemed to be making sense. So Vritra ended up getting killed by the treasure he stole; almost his entire body had been reduced to nothing.

In the crater, only his disfigured head, neck, and a part of his torso remained—which were also being destroyed with each passing moment.

"He was killed by the Demon Lord’s energy... how did all this happen? It just doesn’t make any sense! How did he even obtain it?" Silquor roared out loud. The risk of the explosion had just increased after Vritra’s death.

The three generals glanced to the other side and saw the greed in Blunder and Faceless’s eyes. They too wanted to get the Demon Lord’s core. As soon as the core calmed down, a fight would break out—and the winner would get the core.

CRACK

Finally, they came out of their shock as they watched the glass bottle fall over Vritra’s body. The glass was instantly shattered by the dark bluish energy, as the glistening liquid inside spread across the remainder of Vritra’s body.

The destructive energy attacked even the liquid, but it wasn’t able to do anything. At first, the glistening liquid just fell over his body like a normal liquid. And in the next moment, as if locking onto him, all the liquid was sucked inside his battered body.

[Consumed Pulse Reversal!!]

Then, under several tens of thousands of eyes, a strong life energy filled Vritra’s body—and an internal conflict began. The demonic energy was destroying his body while the potion was healing him rapidly. Not just his body—his mind and soul as well.

The struggle between the two entities continued for a few seconds, but in the end, the Demon Lord’s energy was defeated by the Pulse Reversal potion. Instead, it began to devour all its energy to create Vritra’s new body.

Every bit of energy that was leaking out of the demonic core was instantly sucked by the potion, which soon covered Vritra’s body in a sparkling sheet.

It was a miraculous sight of rebirth—his body was being built from nothing.

Veins, bones, muscles—everything began to form under the bright sparkling sheet that wrapped around him and formed the shape of a body.

All the people present were seeing such a scene for the first time. They were simply frozen in awe and did not think for a moment to do anything.

Every energy present in Vritra’s body—his mana, Demon Lord’s energy, Evil Veyll God essence, and so on—all of it was being used to construct his new body.

Except for the sound of twisting and the formation of Vritra’s body, the entire battlefield was completely silent. The demonic energy continued to struggle, but the more energy it drew from the core, the more of it was sucked away.

Vritra’s limbs, torso, and so on slowly began to form. The whole process of his body formation took a bit over five minutes—the Pulse Reversal potion was too amazing.

THUMP THUMP

Less than ten minutes had passed when Vritra’s newly formed hearts thumped for the first time. It was like his body was electrocuted, as his body jerked suddenly before becoming still again.

Purple blood veins bulged and became visible under his pale white skin as the two hearts began to pump blood all across his body. Soon, the new nerves connected with the brain and began to send electric signals—and the brain started working once again.

Vritra sucked in a very deep breath, filling his lungs to the brim with air. Then his breathing returned to normal. Slowly, every function of his body restarted and returned to its normal state—but that "normal" state seemed to be completely different from before.

The glistening thin sheet slowly disappeared as his body became visible—unscathed and brand new, vastly different both internally and externally.

The moment he came back to life, Switch got to work and once again locked away the Demon Lord’s core, as Vritra lay in the crater... still unconscious.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...