Chapter 486: Beginning After The End!

Somewhere far away in the universe, a pinkish pill was moving forward at a high speed.

It smashed into various objects, asteroids and whatnot, destroying them all and continued to flow for who knows how long.

Even getting swept away into various space tears, disappearing into oblivion and crossing the limits of space and time.

Yet there wasn’t a single scratch on it.

Coming out of a spatial rift, it continued to fly forward at a very high speed.

In the direction of its flight, there was a man who was standing over an enormous asteroid, seemingly searching for something.

He had long orange hair and a robust body but looked quite lazy.

"Sigh where is it? Not even this stone has that mineral..."

BANG

Just as he was about to fly away, a round pill hit the back of his head, almost making him stumble.

"OUCH damnit who is attacking me?" The man looked around in anger but in the end couldn’t find anyone.

He even wondered if someone had used teleportation to stop him, but even thousands of miles away there was no one.

"Hmm, is this a stone? Huff stupid stone!" Pushing it up, he punched the pill, shooting it back away into the distance.

The pill broke into two, one part was a tenth of its size which shot into a random spatial rift.

While the other part flew at an even faster speed, disappearing into a space storm.

The bigger pill continued to move from one place to another, going through various rifts and going into a completely different period of time.

While the smaller pill entered a strange cosmic space, wandering around aimlessly before getting pulled towards an injured soul.

It barely had any consciousness and seemed to be fading away slowly.

But then the tiny piece of pill got absorbed into the fragment of soul, before turning into a tiny spatial crack.

The soul got covered by a pink barrier while a part of the consciousness got pulled into the crack.

A tenth of the pill would keep the consciousness in the illusory realm for a year.

And that’s how this soul would survive for an entire year.

...

While the other piece ended up in a secret realm, where dozens of higher beings were present.

They all surrounded a woman, who was badly injured and poisoned.

Had she not been poisoned secretly, all of them wouldn’t have dared to face her together.

"Don’t act arrogant now, hand over the Mutamorphis stone to me right now and I just might let you live." One of those supreme beings said.

Their bodies were covered by a blinding blur, these were beings who kept even the gods as a way of entertainment.

The woman was too exhausted to even reply, if only she had more time then she could breakthrough and reach a level that could scare all of them away.

But in her condition, just one of them might defeat her.

"This is your last chance, otherwise you will be begging to even turn into a statue." Another man said, over ten of them and all were ready to attack.

’Do I really have to give up...?’ Gazing at all the higher beings, she wondered, but there was no way she would be defeated without a fight.

But just then a broken pill flew towards her. The woman was on high alert, wondering if it was another sneak attack.

Yet just as it got closer, the pill disintegrated, turning into a pink barrier that covered her body.

While her consciousness faded away, as she too went into an illusory realm for nine whole years.

"Huh? What happened?" The other higher beings were baffled, they launched attacks but couldn’t break or even move her.

While she began to use this chance to break through, within a few years she would be in a higher level.

"Nothing is working, at this rate she might survive and even breakthrough." Someone said fearfully.

"Let’s just stay here and wait for a moment when we can petrify her, it would be the end for us all if we let her succeed."

And so, the group just stayed in that secret realm for the years to come, surrounding the woman covered in a pinkish barrier.

While she found herself in a dream realm, a world filled with countless dangers and she was just a normal human.

The houses were broken, there were limited resources, strange monsters lurked all over the place.

Despite knowing none of it was real, she wasn’t one to not put up a fight.

Surviving in this dangerous place, she found the only other person alive there, a dazzlingly handsome young man.

The news of the great war spread across all the places, every race and organization which had participated had faced big losses.

Even the Divine Kage had lost 40 of their members, the grieves, golden moon, dragons, humans, phoenix, demons, all of them regretted being a part of the war.

But it was great news that despite the losses they had actually managed to kill that demon.

That is how they calmed down the public.

Since the entire Quartz continent had been destroyed, not even a stone was left intact.

A big pit in place of the continent, while with all the radiations it was impossible to live there.

But slowly things began to become better. As time passed, the golden moon and all other organizations stabilized.

Humans and others who used to live in the continent moved to a separate place and work to create the new continent began.

It wasn’t easy but with the combined effort, things started looking bright.

The houses were rebuilt, organizations were set up, everything started going back to just how it was.

Of course there were many changes as well.

Nearly a year later, the news of the one remaining phoenix emperor being killed spread, and the phoenix race got a new empress.

Everyone was still shocked by that news, but then, the succubus race made its appearance.

They stopped living in hiding and occupied a big city in the new continent.

Of course as this news spread, quite a lot of people went there to capture the succubus.

But anyone who approached the city of charms with malicious intent was killed.

Even the lords maintained their distance, it was said that the succubus race now had a new empress.

A truly terrifying presence.

And her strength and ability were even better than the previous empress.

There was a major shift in power in this new place, even the six seats of the golden moon were filled again.

Tin, Vin and Pink had died, Sir Giant retired and now only two of the former men remained, Oracle and Big Guy.

As the new continent was set up, then appeared the big problem of choosing the new human emperor.

There were various battles, debates and whatnot, as all the potential candidates did everything in their power to become the new emperor.

But in the end, it was a woman who took on the throne for humanity.

A goddess not only supported by the succubus and phoenix race but even by a mysterious group called the World Information Centre.

The information organization was now more than that, the leader being someone mysterious who established it as one of the biggest powers.

And that’s how after two years of Vritra’s death, Fiona, Vanessa, Diana and Maeve prepared for his return.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...