Chapter 592 The Gathering of Old Friends

As the cars stopped in front of the Fords' door, several servants quickly approached to welcome them.

And upon seeing it was Vritra and several others, they informed the members of the family.

Before long, Shen and Sir Giant both arrived at the door.

"Art, welcome." He said with a smile, seemingly in a good mood.

After everyone got off the cars, he looked around and asked: "Didn't your parents come with you or anyone else from the Yate realm?"

"No, they had some other business to tend to." Vritra replied emotionlessly as he gestured for the servants to take the gifts inside.

Beside him were Fiona, Diana, Vanessa, Teresa, and Yasmine, the sight instantly attracting the attention of a lot of people.

"Oh, it's alright, please come inside." Shen spoke, still wary of Vritra, maintaining some distance.

As they made their way inside, Vritra and the others noticed many important figures. Of course, Fiona and Diana were the ones pointing them out.

While bringing them inside, Sir Giant had to step away to meet some other people.

"Here, we have arranged some seats for you. If you need anything, just order them." Shen spoke hurriedly.

Vritra nodded as he sat down along with his wives. Shitless and Onest were also there, sitting not too far away from him.

The two seemed to be quarrelling about something.

Vritra didn't pay attention to their bickering and instantly focused his gaze on several men in the distance.

Just as he had expected, Oracle had come, and many other Golden Moon members were there as well.

Big Guy was there too, who had barely survived in that war.

A few demons could also be sensed. Of course, in such a big event, they would enter.

Whether with some hidden motive or just for some opportunity.

Vritra continued to look around, and soon he was a bit surprised as he found someone he hadn't expected to see.

It was none other than Kryn, the leader of Grieves, who had somehow managed to survive the war.

Except for Sloth the demon, most of the participants were actually gathered here.

Of course, the members of Twilight were also there, but Vritra was a bit disappointed to not see Red at the wedding.

The leader of the group Bone Blood Cult, which was already destroyed and merged with Twilight.

'Han isn't here either, he has disappeared after that war.' Vritra thought. Han was the protector of the human emperor and secretly in love with Yennefer.

He decided to deal with them separately. For now, he would just take care of the Golden Moon and Kryn.

Several waiters brought various sorts of dishes and drinks for them.

"Honey, when do we start?" Yasmine asked, killing intent flashing in her eyes. She was barely holding herself back from attacking Oracle.

"Not yet, let them proceed with the wedding." Vritra said as his gaze landed on Oracle, who was talking with Sir Giant.

After a moment, he decided to go and talk.

"Wait here, and if someone tries anything, you all are free to kill them. It won't disturb my plan." Vritra said as he got up and gestured towards Shitless and Onest.

The three headed towards a small group which also consisted of a few other Golden Moon members.

"Hello, you must be the leader of Golden Moon, Oracle? I have heard a lot about you." Vritra suddenly interrupted their conversation as all eyes turned towards him.

"Hmm, and you are?" Oracle looked at Vritra and instantly recognized him as Teresa's husband, but pretended not to know.

He was a bit surprised to see him talk so confidently and not appear afraid before him.

'Haa, the Yate family is weak. Is he just so confident over the Fords and Teresa?' Oracle wondered. He knew Vritra had some strength, but he didn't think much of it.

"This is Art Yate, my grandson-in-law." Sir Giant introduced hurriedly. Now that his physique was stolen by Vritra, his strength had decreased significantly.

He was also afraid that Vritra might pick a fight with the Golden Moon.

"W- Why don't you chat with…" Sir Giant said but was interrupted.

"I didn't expect you to come to such a small function when the whole planet is in such crisis, Golden Moon, heh." Vritra chuckled, and Shitless chimed in.

"They are here enjoying while people are hoping that the Golden Moon is going to save them. I thought they were better, but it seems they are just scum, pieces of shit, shit-eating—"

The monk didn't stop and continued to throw insults, only pausing when Sir Giant interrupted.

"What are you saying, haha, he just jokes around a lot." Then in a low voice he asked: "Who the hell are you? How did you get in?"

But Oracle didn't get angry. He looked at Vritra and spoke: "About that, we are going to need Teresa's help to solve this crisis. I hope you don't have a problem with that, not that it would matter."

Before Vritra could speak, however, Shitless laughed and pointed towards Oracle.

"Did you forget to wear your diaper? Why are you leaking? Hahaha."

All eyes instantly turned towards Oracle, and they were shocked to actually see the wet line, and then smelled something foul.

"!!!" Oracle was even more shocked. For some reason, since morning his lower body had been acting strangely.

But now even he couldn't remain calm. He glared at Shitless and turned, walking away hastily.

"Eww, what is that foul smell, don't tell me you shat too. The leader of Golden Moon peed, everyone, he peed!!" Shitless shouted, pointing towards him.

Oracle really felt like smashing that bald man's head, but he hurriedly left, disappearing from everyone's sight.

If he didn't have other motives, then he would have just left the place after such humiliation.

"Stop!" one of the Seats of Golden Moon shouted, seeming as if he was about to attack.

"Oh, what are you going to do otherwise? Pee in your pants?" Shitless laughed. With Vritra there, he didn't have to fear anything.

"You—" just before a fight was about to break out, Sir Giant interrupted them.

But Vritra's attention was pulled towards something else.

In the distance, he saw several guards surrounding a young man.

Someone Vritra recognized instantly.

'Jack!!' he exclaimed, finding this guy in the place he expected least.

Rich was standing there too with an angry look. He seemed to be questioning Jack.

Vritra instantly walked towards the group and asked: "What's the matter, Rich?"

"Oh, Art… um, uncle, uh… we found this guy in our inventory. He was stealing stuff, and upon questioning he said he had entered a hidden inheritance." Rich explained.

"Oh, are you Jack?" Vritra's lips curled into a smile. Could the situation become any better?

"You know me?" Jack was surprised, then he felt that it was to be expected.

With his huge growth and status as a hero, people were bound to recognize him.

"Yes, of course, I know you very well." Vritra said, then looked at Rich and spoke: "He is innocent, just take away all his treasures and leave him be."

"… Alright." Rich nodded and asked the guards to search Jack.

Of course, the wannabe hero struggled, looking enraged.

"Don't you dare touch me, or the entire Ford family will disappear!!" he threatened.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...