Chapter 239: Dragon Queen’s Peril

[Blood Lock Activated.]

[Target Locked. Time Until Death: 3 hours 19 minutes 59 seconds.]

He channeled the energy of the demon lord into the body of the Star at the same time while swinging his body to hit the other Grieves.

Then, throwing away the Star, Vritra focused on the other Grieves as he used the destructive power of the bluish demon lord’s energy.

But more than a physical fight, the Grieves depended on Glyphs and mental attacks; they could easily possess anyone.

Vritra used Suck! Suck! Suck! to stop them from injecting their mana into the glyphs while using the dust to stop them from crushing them. He struck them again and again with the demon lord’s energy.

But no matter how many times they were hit, the Grieves did receive a few injuries, but they would heal back quickly. It was as if they were truly immortal.

He launched a mental attack at one of the Grieves through the Nether Eye, but it had absolutely no effect on them. Hundreds of sharp blades lunged into his body as one of the Stars finally succeeded in using his Glyph.

The black lustrous scales cracked and many blades pierced through Vritra’s flesh, limiting his movement. The more he moved the severe his injuries became.

This attack disrupted Vritra’s momentum, and like a chain reaction, hundreds of glyphs were used in the next moment.

ROOOAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRR

Letting out a painful roar, Vritra received the attacks on his body. Although he didn’t feel much pain, such attacks were weakening him, and all he could do was hold on.

[Switch: Demonification (3%)]

Even more destructive energy erupted out of his body, appearing almost as if he was burning in blue flames.

With his increased level, Vritra could barely hold on as so much energy poured out of the demon lord’s core. He shook off all the blades and restraints and struck the Grieves even more violently.

BAAANNNNNGGGGGGG!!

The Stars were especially hard to handle. The ten of them surrounded Vritra and didn’t waste a single chance to launch attacks at him.

Even though the Grieves had the upper hand, it was extremely difficult to truly defeat Vritra. He had all sorts of tricks and made most of their attacks useless.

Vritra didn’t focus on the Star on which the Blood Lock was activated; otherwise, the Star would soon realize the changes and might just pull out some Glyph to negate its effect.

His body twisted in the sky, receiving attacks while striking out with all his strength.

At 3% energy, the demon lord’s energy was starting to hurt him, though his strength had also increased greatly, allowing him to face so many strong opponents.

’Since we can’t kill him, let’s just restrain him. Follow my lead and use the threads of space to keep him still. I have already understood how his disappearing ability works.’

One of the Stars said mentally as he moved back from the battle for a few minutes and made some changes to the restraining Glyph.

Then he told his plans to the others, and they all made the changes. Vritra was observing every small change around him through the third eye, but he couldn’t stop them from continuing.

On the other hand, the pope observed Vritra with interest for a while. Finally, it seemed he had already displayed all his tricks. He was indeed a great subject.

’We can’t delay this for too long. Although the Golden Moon or others can’t sense this area, it is better to finish our business faster and leave.

Of course, along with the inheritance, I found such a great test subject.’ The pope thought as he moved his gaze away from Vritra to Yasmine.

The white dragon and the soul wraith were still fighting against several Grieves, and both sides seemed to be at a stalemate. The Grieves would most probably win eventually, but it would take too long, so he finally decided to intervene.

The pope flew towards Yasmine. He simply extended his right hand forward and gathered energy into his palm.

This one strike would be enough to greatly weaken her soul. If she was really the former Dragon Queen, then the Grieves might have just hit the jackpot.

Yasmine didn’t even notice the pope until he was just behind her, while his fist was descending towards her.

***

Inside the inheritance ground.

Upon entering, Fiona found herself standing in an enormous cave where the walls, ceiling, and the ground all seemed as if they were made solely of lava. But strangely, they didn’t hurt Fiona, not even burning her clothes.

If anyone other than a phoenix had entered, they might have just burned to death. Remembering the presence of Ghoul, she glanced down and wondered if this soul wraith would be fine.

"..." Ghoul’s body actually seemed to be burning from the flames, but it didn’t seem to bother it at all, and the damage was minimal.

Taking a deep breath, she started to observe her surroundings. Ahead of her was a sea of lava, and nothing else was present around her.

"Am I supposed to enter this sea? There is no other way, but this looks dangerous." Fiona mumbled. She took out an empty box from the storage glyph and threw it towards the sea of flames.

It was a metallic box, but before even coming into contact with the sea, the box melted and soon disappeared.

"..." She pondered for a few seconds and, taking a deep breath, decided to test it herself. Carefully taking a few steps ahead, Fiona extended her hand forward to see if it would hurt her.

SPLISH

As her fingers came into contact with the surface of the sea, she wasn’t burnt at all. Instead, it seemed as if it was just warm water. Fiona didn’t waste any time as she started walking forward. As she entered the sea, she finally relaxed when the lava felt like ordinary water.

"But now where am I supposed to go?" She looked around and could only see endless lava. Just then Ghoul spoke:

"Move thirty degrees to your right."

Fiona nodded and started following. She was moving as fast as she could, but inside the lava her ability to move was limited. Even Ghoul was restrained to some extent.

After swimming for a few minutes, Fiona finally saw some sort of door in the distance. Finding a target, she sped up and headed towards it, but right then Ghoul spoke in its emotionless tone:

"Several hundred Grieves have arrived outside the inheritance door. Master has ordered me to tell you to hurry up a bit."

"What?!! G- Grieves?" Fiona was shocked. Vritra had told her about the Grieves and how dangerous they were. He always did his best to stay away from those creatures, but now he alone was facing so many of them.

"Let’s just leave. I don’t care about this inheritance. I don’t want anything to happen to my Darling—" Fiona was terrified to even think that Vritra alone would have to face those dangerous creatures. His safety was the priority for her.

"No, let’s get the inheritance first. We can’t waste any time." Ghoul interrupted her, Vritra knew what she would say after hearing about Grieves so he had given extra instructions.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...