Chapter 750 Silence...

"Huh? Vritra?" Sakshi was the first to react, her face scrunched up in contempt.

Why would these people even mention that bastard, he had beaten her up so many times and didn't respect her at all.

"He is dead, we just received the news, why are you here spouting nonsense-" Sakshi flowed in emotions and forgot who she was talking to.

Shen was sweating heavily, as he pulled her arm and made her stop.

"Mother, it seems you forgot to take your meds, how about you go back first? This isn't a meeting someone unburdened by the complexity of thoughts can partake in." Rich said, gesturing for the guards to take her out.

"Shen! I- I will stay quiet." although she was scared, but she wanted to hear more.

Rich sighed but could do nothing, somehow she had gotten her hands on some weakness of Shen.

That is how she had been able to control him all the time.

"Sir, about Vritra, we really don't know anything. We haven't heard anything about him and why would he even come here?"

None of them were still aware that Art Yates and Vritra were the same person, so the doubt was normal.

"He had committed a grave sin, we have received news from someone very high up, someone who works right under the gods." One of the Divine Kage said, his eyes constantly observing them.

There were five members of Divine Kage in the room, the strongest being number thirty while all the others were between thirty and fifty.

All of them had the permission to use the god's punishment.

"We really don't know anything, I am friends with him but it has been a long time since we last met." Rich spoke, even if Vritra was in all that trouble, he wasn't going to end their friendship or pretend they weren't friends.

He didn't like most in his family, they all just looked after profits.

DING DING DING

Just then bells began to ring in the Ford realm, it seemed yet another important guest had arrived uninvited and unannounced.

"We sure are getting a lot of guests today, sigh" Shen shook his head, hoping no new problem would arrive.

"S- Sir how about my recruitmen-" Jean tried to speak, seeing that everyone had fallen silent, waiting for the new guests.

"Shut up!" number 30 silenced him.

Few moments passed in silence then footsteps sounded, there seemed to be more than two people.

'Three people? Who could it be?' hearing the footsteps, they all wondered.

"Well well, what have we got here?"

Just as the anticipation rose, a familiar voice sounded and then a man appeared, following him were two beautiful women.

The person who appeared before them was none other than Art Yates, on one side of him was Teresa and on the other side was some other woman.

Both the women had covered their faces with veils.

"Teresa! Art!" Sir Giant exclaimed as he rose to his feet like a spring, his eyes widening.

They were alive and right in front of him! After all this time, he had understood what he had done wrong.

Although he loved his granddaughter but at some point he too had started to treat her like some sort of tool.

And Art had made him realize it, Sir Giant had changed a great deal especially after that torture from Vritra.

Rushing forward, he pulled the two into a hug.

Rich was also shocked then overjoyed, his aunt was one of the people he cared for the most in the family after all.

"Aunty and Art- Uncle?" he called out, walking towards them too.

"W- What?!" Sakshi took a step back in shock, her face twisted strangely.

How could this be possible? Weren't the two of them already dead? Damn that shaman, that scammer, he was wrong.

Jean looked at Art and just sighed, at this point he couldn't even hate him.

He just felt self-pity, and jealous of him, some people die of thirst while others drown…

Why was the world so unfair?

"Come inside, where have you been all this time? Are you both alright?" Sir Giant pulled them in and made them sit on the chairs.

Then he remembered that there was someone else too, he pulled a chair as Sakshi who was seated on it fell off.

"Please take a seat." Sir Giant said respectfully.

Yennefer nodded and sat beside Vritra, she was sure a great show was about to start.

And it would lighten the mood too.

"Are you two okay?" Rich asked.

"Yes we are completely fine, but looks like you have got some other guests here." Vritra's gaze moved over to the five Divine Kages.

They were staring at him with narrowed eyes, maybe even suspecting he is Vritra.

Vritra wasn't going to delay things and decided to directly blow everyone's mind, but before that.

ACHOO

He sneezed and accidentally a dust knife that had formed in his palm flew towards Sakshi and accidentally stabbed into her thigh.

"H- Huh? What? Uwaaaaaaah m- my leg, aaaaaah I am bleeding!!" she screamed and fell down.

COUGH

Vritra coughed lightly to grab everyone's attention, as they all ignored the painfully writhing bitch.

"We have been away doing something important. Anyway, this is my wife Teresa Arclis, this is my wife Yennefer Arclis and…" Vritra paused a bit, as shocked expressions appeared over their faces.

Yennefer removed the veil from her face, Teresa too removed it but she created a small thin wall before her that made her face a little blurry.

Her appearance could make most men go crazy, so she had to do this.

Rich wasn't really shocked as he already knew Art had many other wives but his next words shocked them all.

"And I am Vritra Arclis."

SILENCE…

For a few moments there was pin-drop silence as they all stared in disbelief at him then the five members of the Divine Kage burst out in loud laughs.

"Hahaha Kid, we were suspicious of you earlier but haha there is no way you can be him."

'Huh? I am telling them directly and they don't believe it?' Vritra was taken aback.

His face after being born again was quite a bit different from before, that might be it.

He used the Internal Shuffle and in front of everyone, his face changed and now he looked like Vritra.

SILENCE…

"Hahaha Kid, where did you learn this trick? Looks like someone decided to play a prank after returning home." One of the Divine Kage spoke.

Vritra: "…"

Were these guys stupid? What was going wrong?

'Haa If I kill one of them, then they will definitely believe.' Vritra shook his head and decided to just prove it in the most perfect way.

Raising his hand, he pointed a finger towards one of the Divine Kage and then.

BOOOM

A dust bullet shot out, hitting the man straight in the forehead, making his entire head explode.

Then even the soul was devoured by some invisible fire.

Sir Giant, Shen, Jean, Tiny, Sakshi, all of them were so shocked, they couldn't think straight.

So all along, Vritra was Art? He was the one to marry Teresa? He even infiltrated the Yates family?

"Hahaha Kid, you sure are full of tricks. I used to do this when I was just born as a Divine Kage, did you use illusion or some other method, interesting."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios