Chapter 735 The Game

BOOM

Divine swiped at the air, created a spatial blade that moved extremely fast and made the head explode.

"Haa You all have gotten better at controlling your arrogance than before. Good boys, staying quiet just because I asked."

Divine laughed.

"How dare you-"

"You are going to die-"

"Never disrespect the Gods-"

The eyeless, biggest and smallest gods all spoke at once.

"Haha Got you!" Divine blew air that breezed past the three gods at once and their heads exploded.

Despite their current bodies' shapes, they still had a real form.

Divine then quickly caught several things from the brain matter, then looked at the remaining ones.

"My dear goddess, won't you speak for me?" Divine looked at one of the two female gods.

"OF course I will-" the instrument goddess instantly replied, she wouldn't mind getting hurt by him.

She loved pain and none other than Divine had given her as much pain, he had killed her family, beat her up so badly that she almost died.

He had made her feel true despair, she just loved him so much.

And hoped he could hurt her more, make her suffer so much that she cries and begs, just thinking of this made the strings of the guitar go loose.

"Thank you, here is your reward." Divine flicked a finger and her head exploded at once, making her so happy.

"Hmm now, only you are left." Divine said as he looked at the remaining four gods, then added:

"This is no fun, let's change the conditions."

The four remaining gods clenched their fists, he was humiliating them in such a manner.

But they knew they couldn't do anything to him, he could even put them to eternal sleep if he wanted.

They were also a little nervous and furiously asked for help from the higher beings, only they could take away this monster now.

Divine's aura was so wild that the energies in the bodies of the gods had hidden, and wouldn't buzz no matter what.

And this wasn't even the real body of Divine, but just an avatar who also wasn't at full power.

"The new rule is, any god who doesn't dance after I have counted to three will have their head exploded." Divine added after thinking.

Surrounded by the ten gods, he just closed his eyes without any sort of protection, this was just another level of disrespect for the gods.

The four remaining looked at one another and didn't know what to do.

"One… two… three!!" Divine counted and then opened his eyes.

"…" he looked at the rope god first but he was completely still.

"Out!" Divine snapped his fingers and the head of the god exploded.

Then he looked at the book god, he too had remained still.

"Out!" another head exploded, but since their shapes were strange it seemed as if a random part of their body had exploded.

The ten gods were all very prideful, even if they had always put their greed above all things, there was no way any of the gods could be dancing.

Divine looked at the giant eyeless god, who was brimming with rage but his body refused to move.

"You too are out!" another head exploded and finally only one god remained.

The tenth god was a shadow woman, her presence was so low that no one ever noticed her.

She had been here from the beginning yet didn't utter a word neither did any god speak to her or even glance at her.

As Divine looked at her, only then did the other gods remember there was a tenth among them.

But seeing the sight, even Divine was surprised.

The shadow goddess had the form of a woman but was completely covered in darkness.

And right now, she was dancing?!!

Her waist moved from left to right, arms raised and moving in the air, as she danced on some strange rhythm.

Divine: "…"

He rolled his eyes but it was his game's rules so he couldn't break it.

"You passed… sigh" he added.

"Than-"

BOOM!

"Got you heh" and finally all ten gods seated had their heads gone.

Divine caught the final object then spoke: "So long, remember not to get too stressed, it could really give a headache."

BUZZZZ…

Then turning back into an insect he just disappeared, leaving ten headless gods there.

His presence was so heavy that the healing abilities of the gods had stopped working, only after he left did their heads start to regenerate.

The ten glanced at one another, their expressions turning grim.

"No one is to ever speak of this matter to anyone!" the oldest god spoke.

"B- But he took away those things, without them how are we supposed to make the players-" the book god spoke.

"We will deal with it, but not only will it bring immense shame but we will be in deep trouble." The oldest god interrupted.

A depressing silence descended over the space, the ten gods just stared at the table but then they were even more shocked.

It seemed as if everything had changed in that moment they were distracted.

The gods were even more baffled by the outcome.

…

Vritra was travelling with Diana after killing the centipedes, but there was no exit.

Yet soon a portal flashed in front of him.

"Is this another trap?" he wondered, and paused before the portal.

"Go in." Divine's voice sounded in his mind just then.

Vritra was a little surprised at first but then he stepped inside and saw that Shitless, Onest and Asmodeus were walking from another portal.

"Woah pitiful one!!" Shitless exclaimed, they were thrown in some strange place with a lot of strange looking mutants.

Who kept chasing them down.

The three didn't even want to think about that.

From another portal came Vanessa, Yennefer, Maeve and Yasmine.

Vritra looked to the side and saw Fiona kneeling not too far away as she stared into the darkness.

"Where is Tess?" Vritra spoke, as he looked around but couldn't find her.

Fiona trembled as she heard his voice, her eyes were a bit teary as she looked behind, she was feeling incredibly guilty.

"S- She fell down… I tried- it's my fault…" she muttered, making Vritra's expression shift.

"She fell there?!!" he asked, hurrying towards her and looked down into the darkness.

"Y- Yes we were crossing the bridge but then-" Fiona was interrupted as Vritra listened to her no longer and jumped into the darkness.

Yet just as he was about to fall, he heard a faint sound from above.

Vritra looked up and saw that a portal had opened there, and from inside it fell Teresa who seemed a little scared.

"Ahhhhh…" she could only let out a shrieking scream, trying to use her ability yet it didn't do anything.

Taking a few steps back, Vritra caught her into his arms safely.

She was so out of it that even after she was in his arms, Teresa didn't notice and continued to scream.

"Tess, are you okay?" Vritra's own heart was thumping faster; he was filled with fear in that instant.

Only after hearing his voice did she finally open her eyes, her hands clenched into fists as she stayed in his arms like a frightened kitten.

"Mmm" Teresa just hugged him, just now she really felt she was done for.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...