Chapter 57: Hard Working Goddess-2 [R-18]

Diana kept biting the shaft with her lips, sucking hard on the skin while her tongue licked all over.

Remembering something, she tentatively moved one of her hands towards the base and gently cupped his balls, massaging them softly while taking a part of the shaft from the side into her mouth and sucking on it, moving along the length and licking all over it.

KNOCK KNOCK

"Goddess, are you done?" a respectful voice came from outside and Diana froze, her face full of shame and humiliation, who would believe that such a dignified and revered goddess was kneeling and licking the penis of a man.

"You can reply." Vritra smiled and caressed her head, she was doing much better than her first time.

{Sin Point Gained: Teased +1}

Her hands remained on the cock as she pulled her lips away, then taking a calming breath she made the barrier ineffective for a moment and spoke in a cold and authoritative tone:

"Wait, I am discussing something very important with him, I will Mmmph~?" while she was answering Vritra pushed his penis forward, pressing the head against her lips, silencing her words.

"Don’t stop." Vritra said in a low voice, slightly pushing her head forward.

"COUGH I will be out soon." Diana said in a hurry before activating the barrier again, she knew she couldn’t waste any time.

"I- I understand, I will relay this message to the king." The guard spoke and walked away, wondering why something seemed off with the goddess.

Diana took the head into her mouth as the hot and sensitive glans were pressed against her tongue, her wet and warm mouth was completely filled with the thick cock, rolling her tongue around the tip the goddess sucked harder.

SLURP SLURP

While she was licking and poking the tip, Diana tasted that familiar sweet fluid that made her crave more for it, no matter how much she wanted to deny but her body seemed to enjoy this fluid quite a bit.

She glanced up at Vritra, and flicked her tongue at the frenulum; before lapping at the drops of precum.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Teased +1}

"Mmmmph~ it’s t- twasty... hmmm~" Diana was willing to do anything to make him cum faster at this moment, she even let out sexy moans, while her hands continued to caress and rub his cock and testicles.

The goddess still felt that this wasn’t enough, her cheeks hollowed out as she sucked even harder pulling out more of that delicious and warm fluid, her wet tongue circled around the tip and kept licking.

She paused for a moment and took a deep breath, then closed her eyes and pushed her head forward as the tip hit the back of her throat; the last time she had tried it she had failed but she had to do it this time to end this faster.

Diana choked but didn’t pull out the cock, she held it firmly in her mouth and once again pushed it deeper into her mouth as the head of the penis finally entered her throat, pushing apart the internal soft walls.

Vritra released a sigh, the glans were completely wrapped around by the fleshy walls of her throat, and the squeezing of her throat was no joke, her tongue was constantly rubbing and licking around the shaft while her lips were clamped near the base.

After keeping it inside her throat for a few seconds, Diana pulled back slightly and coughed, her eyes filled with tears, but the more time that they spent together here the more inappropriate it would seem to outsiders.

She began to move her head back and forth, each time taking a part of his cock into her throat; the goddess had forgotten all her shame for now, all her focus was on making him cum.

Few minutes had already passed and finally after working so hard with such dedication, Diana felt that familiar sensation of his cock twitching in her mouth and she knew he was about to release.

At this moment, even if Vritra didn’t mention it she would have to take all of his semen into her body to not leave any evidence behind, so she readied herself to drink it all without choking.

Her head bobbed back and forth, and finally the goddess pushed her face forward as she took the entire penis into her mouth, it reached deep in her throat, ready to burst forth with waves of burning semen.

SPURT SPURT

A large amount of the sticky and hot semen flooded out, it shot down her throat as the warmth travelled down her body, and finally filled up her belly.

GULP~ GULP~ GULP~

Diana did her best to gulp all of it, but the amount seemed even higher than the last time; despite the constant swallowing a large amount still filled her mouth, but resolute to not let a single drop fall on the floor or her clothes, Diana’s lips clamped even tighter around the shaft as she used her tongue to pull more semen towards her throat.

Her taste buds were flooded with a sweetness but she could barely focus on the taste right now, after a few seconds the ejaculation finally slowed down and then it ended.

Diana kept the cock in her mouth for a bit longer, licking the shaft as she slowly pulled it out of her throat; she had to make sure to take all the semen, after licking the shaft clean the goddess licked the glans and sucked at the tip, pulling out and drinking all of his cum.

Finally, after she was sure that nothing was left to do, she pulled the penis out of her mouth and panted heavily, looking up at Vritra with a flushed and sultry face, her red lips glistening.

"Good job, we can leave now. But let me leave first, only come out after a few seconds of me leaving." Vritra patted her head then wore his clothes properly, after making sure that everything was fine he walked towards the door and paused.

Even through the door he could clearly sense the people outside, but his gaze was only focused on that man in golden armor who was standing beside the king, the king’s personal guard.

[Activating Appraisal.]

Outside the room where an important and intimate meeting was taking place, everyone was curiously looking at the demonic giant’s corpse, the guards and the information minister were doing some basic research on the corpse.

They couldn’t find anything strange about it; it was just a dead demon of a level near 200.

The king looked at the man in black with a questioning gaze, they couldn’t discuss it currently but he wanted to ask if this corpse was somehow related to the nine pacts.

"Wait."

The man in black robe just said a single word, since he himself wasn’t sure; he wasn’t the head of the operations of the nine pact inside the Dunshire kingdom, so he didn’t know if it was really the work of someone from his organisation or not.

The man in golden armor who had been completely still all this time, suddenly turned his head towards the room where Vritra and Diana were, his eyes narrowed as he sensed a probing gaze coming from there.

But just then...

BOOOOOOOOOOOM

______________

Thanks for reading...