Chapter 665 Eating~ [R-18]

"Welcome to our humble house, we will arrange rooms and uhm… some food for you." Ergen said, a look of pain appearing on his face upon mentioning the food.

"Its fine, we will be leaving tomorrow and make sure no one disturbs us." Vritra said sternly, then he entered the building, as the two followed him hurriedly.

They first showed him some vacant rooms and arranged a few things, then moved everyone else away and warned them all.

Vritra sat over the bed, stretching his arm. After eating something, he wanted to just have a good sleep.

The sky outside was still far from turning dark, and with the wolves, they could move way faster.

Looking at his wives, he yawned and asked: "What do you wanna eat?"

Yasmine smiled strangely. She straddled his lap, her soft lips brushing against his as she whispered: "You…"

Then she pressed forward, capturing his lips in a passionate kiss.

Before eating anything, she wanted to have herself be filled by his seed again; she was not going to give up on her goal.

The other women were surprised, but since the dragoness had started it, how could they not want to have him as well?

Soon Vritra was swarmed by his wives.

Since he was a bit tired, they didn't let him move and pleasured him, sitting on top and eating up his entire cock.

The room was filled with sounds of moans, their soft hips hitting his in a rhythm.

Yasmine didn't pause until she had herself filled to the brim, her belly slightly bulging from all the semen she had taken.

All his wives too had themselves filled until they felt completely exhausted.

Vritra no longer felt as hungry after having drunk Vanessa's breast milk; it was far more delicious than any food he would have eaten.

All feeling exhausted and utterly satisfied, they lay on the bed, falling asleep after hours of battle.

A warmth spread in Yasmine's belly; she hugged Vritra tightly, her entrance not letting even a drop escape.

She rolled and lay on top of him, her body glued to his.

Her vagina pressed against his soft member, a shiver ran through her body, a nice feeling in her belly.

…

After a long rest, Vritra opened his eyes and was a bit surprised to find the dragoness sleeping over him.

He was really too exhausted mentally before; he didn't notice anything.

Wrapping his hands around her naked body, he caressed her smooth back, his cock still pressed against her warmth.

Now that he was full of energy, his cock began to harden, soon pressing even tighter against her pussy.

Vritra adjusted their positions slightly, and the head of his cock slowly nestled between her petals before going deeper very slowly, as if afraid of waking her up.

Yasmine didn't wake up immediately, but her body shivered as her insides stretched, and his enormous member was all the way inside her.

Without moving, Vritra just let his cock stay buried in her body; he sighed in satisfaction, such a wonderful morning.

He honestly couldn't have asked for something better.

After a few moments, Yasmine's eyes fluttered, her insides clenching on the guest that reached the deepest part of her body.

"Mhmm Good morning, hubby- ahhh~" she opened her eyes and looked at his face, speaking softly, but at the slightest movement, the tip of his cock poked against her womb.

She bit down on his shoulder, leaving a mark on his pale smooth skin, her wet walls twitching at being penetrated the first thing in the morning.

"Good morning, wifey. Sigh, really such a wonderful morning, don't you think?" he asked chuckling. His hands gripped her fleshy hips as he began to move her slowly.

"H- Hubby, Mmmph~ this is… hnnggg~ too sudden ahhhh~" she wanted to complain but couldn't form a single word.

It felt way too erotic and sensitive; she was several times more sensitive than usual, her pussy clenching down crazily.

"How can I wait when my wifey was tempting me haa right after I wake up? You are so tight…" Vritra enjoyed this tightness and slow sex.

The sounds they were making stirred the others out of sleep, and all the women were surprised to see them going at it right after morning.

But in such a dangerous place, thinking that any moment could be their last only increased their lust way more.

"Honey, why don't we all take a bath together?" Vanessa sat up and looked at her son's body, her pussy already twitching for more action.

"Hmm Sure, that's a good idea." Vritra suddenly sat up.

"Hnngggggg~ Hubbb- aaaaaaah~" Yasmine felt his cock intrude even deeper; the sudden push made her orgasm, her love juices splashing onto his body.

Vritra paused for a bit, enjoying as her tight walls squeezed his cock as if trying to pull him closer; it was so satisfying.

The other women, chatting among themselves and glancing at the hot display, all walked into the bathroom and prepared everything.

Yennefer used her ability to make the water hot; they had a lot of clean water.

Others couldn't be this spendy with water, but with the sin system, there was nothing they lacked.

As her orgasm ended, Yasmine leaned forward onto her husband, panting heavily.

She felt so vulnerable and was completely at his mercy; usually she could last more than all women.

But this time, the sudden intrusion into her pussy while she was asleep made her too sensitive.

"Shall we go then, my dragon empress?" Vritra smiled, feeling her hard nipples poking his skin and her warm breath over his shoulder.

Before she could reply, Vritra rose to his feet, his hands supporting her soft buttocks.

Yasmine's hands were wrapped around Vritra's neck, but as gravity acted, she felt his cock push harder into her.

A lewd expression appeared on her face as she moaned; Vritra was really teasing her so much. He even spanked her ass a few times while walking.

While carrying her, he sat down in the bathtub, Yasmine still straddling his cock, but she felt too weak to even move.

Vritra continued to stir her insides, slowly and gently, making her feel every movement, every poke and rubbing sensation.

"Wifey, are you ready to have your favourite milk?" he asked, raising her body slightly then letting go as she fell heavily onto his cock.

"Mmmmph~ Haaaaaah~ Too deeep hubbbyyyyy Nnnnnnggggg~"

Yasmine moaned uncontrollably as his cock buried itself into her womb, pressing against her inside wall.

And then, a wild torrent of semen shot into her belly, painting her womb white and completely filling it.

The burning hot semen made her shiver constantly, making her experience one of the most powerful orgasms, as his seeds reached deeper and deeper.

The other women felt a burning sensation in their vaginas seeing such a hot display; they couldn't wait to be ravaged by his cock just like that.

Vritra released more semen than usual, her belly flooded with the hot and thick cum, sticking against her womb and pussy walls.

She lay spent on top of him, her pussy still clenching down, trying to keep his thing lodged inside.

Vritra just stayed buried in her, his member softening a bit but with the tightness not enough to get pulled out.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...