Chapter 276: The Departure

Yasmine leaned into his embrace; she could feel his warmth and love. The two silently sat there talking just like usual, teasing one another.

But this was such a special feeling. Vritra was still taking in this wonderful surprise; just being able to see her like this made him a lot happier.

But this good time ended soon, and when around ten minutes had passed, Yasmine reverted back to her real form. She coiled around, and her head rested over his shoulder.

"Yasmine, no matter what we have to face in the future, I won’t leave your side no matter how dangerous the situation becomes, and even if you force me to leave," Vritra said, releasing a long sigh.

The moment everyone got to know that the former dragon queen was still alive, he was sure lots of strong people might target her, and the secrets associated with many things would resurface.

"Mmmm." Yasmine didn’t respond. The two of them had thoughts of their own, but it was hard to predict what the future might bring.

After staying there for a while longer, the two of them returned to the castle. Vritra slept on the bed between Vanessa and Yasmine.

Though it wouldn’t be long before the other two women made their way into his room and onto his bed.

The next day was just as peaceful without anything special happening, and the whole day passed rather quickly. Finally, the day when they were about to leave for the White kingdom arrived.

"Honey, how do I look?" Vanessa asked after wearing the new dress that she had bought recently.

"Beautiful, Mom, it feels like you are getting prettier by the day," Vritra said. He was already dressed up and was sitting on the bed with Yasmine flying around the room.

Fiona and Diana were also present there; the two seemed to have become good friends now.

"You know, even though the White kingdom is so massive, it has a very, very big slave market that even the king finds hard to stop. It is controlled by some big organisation there," Diana said, telling all sorts of things about the White kingdom to the curious redhead.

"But I wonder why this tournament is going to happen there. They are conducting it at such a big level and spending so much money.

It is certainly to find the strongest and most talented people in the Topaz kingdom, but what after it?" the goddess wondered. After living such a long life, she knew a lot about all the kingdoms.

"Maybe the king is organising this tournament to get the strongest people into his army?" Fiona wondered.

"Hmmm, we will know exactly what it is for when we arrive there. Thankfully, King Henry has suggested such a good way to enter; otherwise, it could be really difficult to enter the White kingdom, especially now," the goddess added.

"Let’s continue with this discussion later; it is time." Vritra stood up and started walking towards the door.

Yasmine disappeared into his body, and the three women nodded and followed behind him. They walked out of the castle, and outside, King Henry, along with several of his kids and a big crowd, was waiting for them.

More than ten carriages were lined up right outside the castle gate, and one of them looked especially exuberant and lavish — it was the favoured carriage of the king.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +207}

{Sin Point Gained: Feared +103}

"Ah, you are finally here, sir. I have made proper arrangements. There are several servants and everything you might need on this long trip. Although these guards are weak, they will do their best to protect you." Henry humbly walked closer to Vritra and spoke, surprising all the other people.

The group of people who were going there to participate in the tournament comprised six people. All of them wore luxurious clothes and seemed full of themselves.

{Sin Point Gained: Stared at +6}

Vritra ignored them. He nodded towards the guards and servants before looking at the carriage and finally said,

"Good job, we can depart immediately."

Henry really felt like shedding tears of joy — this walking abomination was finally going out of his life. He had barely managed to survive a cataclysm that he had brought upon himself accidentally.

"Yes, sir. Everyone, let’s not waste a moment and make Sir Jin Woo wait here. Get to your work," Henry said, clapping in a hurry.

Vritra shook his head at the king’s enthusiasm, but he didn’t mind it. Ignoring the curious and arrogant gazes of those six people, Vritra and the others walked into the best carriage.

It was several times better than the one they had used when coming from the Dunshire kingdom. There were many storage glyphs present inside — some filled with food, some with money, and many other things.

"Why is the king being so respectful towards him? Just because he won that competition and is considered the best talent among the younger generation?" one of the men who was at the middle of the 1st Legion rank spoke.

This time there was no limit to age, so all people here had high levels, and all of them belonged to the rich and noble families of the Blue kingdom. They had clearly used their connections to become a part of this envoy.

"Hmph, I don’t know. And don’t speak to me like we are friends, tsk, ugly men." The only woman present in the group of six wrinkled her nose. After spitting at the ground, she turned and walked towards her own carriage.

Each of them had gotten their own carriage.

The man who was just insulted had an ugly smile on his face as he watched the woman walk into her carriage; he seemed rather happy to be insulted by her.

Soon, everything was ready, and everyone had entered the carriages. Finally, the ride began.

Henry was crying as he waved both his hands with all his might, saying goodbye to them.

"Finally, finally I am free. Thank you, ancestors, for protecting me." He knelt on the ground in front of everyone and kowtowed.

...

Vritra kept the window slightly open so the people from outside could see him and he could obtain free Sin points. It wouldn’t be too much, but it was better to get as many as he could.

"So how do you want to spend this free time?" Vritra looked at the four ladies and questioned, but they just looked back at him with a smile.

"We are just at the first season of that zombie series. There are still ten more seasons to go, so I don’t think we need to think about it," Vanessa said, shrugging.

’Sigh, why did I watch so many things back on Earth?’ Vritra sighed and once again became a projector for them.

The ride was rather smooth and stress-free. They mostly stopped when it was time to eat food or when someone asked for it. The ride was fast, so in less than a day they were out of the Blue kingdom.

Vritra had closed the window since there were no longer any people around, but suddenly he heard the distant sound of loud and rapid footsteps which certainly didn’t belong to a human.

And he knew exactly who this was.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...