Chapter 204: Hard Working

"Woah, so much has happened with you after coming to this world?!!" Fiona exclaimed after hearing everything Vritra shared, from falling into the trap to coming to this place.

The redhead was filled with anger after hearing it all; she really wanted to burn a few people to death.

"I can’t believe that rotten king did that to you—to all of us. He really deserved to die. And that mighty goddess, Diana, she even tried to kill you? Hmph, let me burn her up a bit. I will make her regret it.

Then that bastard Max, I can’t believe he tried to kill you for no reason. What a scum. Is he dead yet? If not, let’s go back and kill him." Fiona was fuming with rage, and Vritra barely held her back from bursting out of the room and attacking Diana.

"Sigh, I guess going through so much danger is the reason you became so strong, darling. No matter what, I will always be with you," Fiona said while hugging him tightly.

Except for the existence of his dragon waifu, Vritra had told her almost all of his secrets, just like he did with Vanessa. It felt much better not to hide all this from his small family—it was such a relaxing feeling.

Though Yasmine’s presence still needed to be a secret, since if any of them even accidentally said anything, Yasmine’s life might really get in danger then.

After spending some more time with Fiona, Vritra returned to his room. Vanessa was waiting patiently there.

As soon as he entered, she placed her arms over his shoulders and, taking a deep breath, she asked: "Hmm, aside from Fiona, I can smell the delicious smell of chocolate. Did you not bring any for your mother?"

She asked with a slight pout. Of course, she could also smell a faint scent of a different woman.

"Haha, of course I did. How could I forget my sweet mommy?" Vritra smiled as he pulled another box of chocolates. He opened the box and unwrapped one of the pieces before bringing it close to her juicy lips.

"Aaah~" Vanessa released a seductive sound as she took the chocolate in her mouth and even licked his finger sensually, before giving a kiss on his lips.

The pair of mother and son shared kisses and chocolates as they started a training session after not meeting for so long. Their training was even more intense than the ones before.

***

In the morning the next day, Vritra, Monk Shitless and the others ate breakfast together while he explained their plan to the group. All the women looked strangely at Monk Shitless, wondering how he could agree to such a thing. Fiona couldn’t help but ask:

"Are you really a Monk? Or is that just your name or something?"

"Um..." Monk Shitless was on the verge of refusing again, when Vritra spoke:

"Our great devil Monk Shitless is the evil main character of this plan. No one is allowed to judge him."

Diana shook her head, looking pitifully at the Monk, but she didn’t have any good impression of that baldy so she decided not to interfere in this task.

"Now, that’s all there is to it. We can leave for the castle right away if all of you are ready." Vritra said as he clapped his hands and changed the topic.

"But won’t the king recognize me? I don’t think he saw my face before, but he was still staring at me so strangely. I wonder how he found out about that," Vanessa spoke with a pondering expression.

"Yeah, you don’t have to worry about that. This time he won’t recognize you," Vritra replied with confidence. After a short discussion, all of them were ready to leave.

After finding a rather big carriage, Vritra paid the money and so the journey began.

To arrive at the castle, they needed to reach another city and travel for almost 12 hours, so by the time they arrived it would already be evening.

"Let’s wreck havoc in the castle now, and the first step to that goes through the crown prince," Yasmine said excitedly. She really wished to see some action.

***

I am Henry Junior 1st, the biggest achievement of my life is being born before all my siblings. That alone made me the crown prince of the Blue Kingdom.

But I worked really hard to raise my level by killing the nearly dead demons my guards brought.

I worked even harder to show my father how good I am at politics and tactics by sharing various schemes developed by my advisors.

Just my appearance could defeat all my siblings, yet I never stopped growing—trying to prove to my father that I am the best candidate by gathering various kinds of talents under me.

I have lived for more than ninety years and have long crossed into the 1st Legion rank.

I married a woman according to my father’s wish even though I didn’t like her one bit. She was a bit too old for me and a little too fat, but it was what my father wanted.

My hard work paid off and I had a son on the first try. I made my father proud by showing my ability, proving again that I am indeed the perfect king.

Today I wasn’t expecting any new guests. I was just in my office working hard—watching my advisors do all my basic work while I focused on important things like planning a second son to make my father happy.

Just while I was about to crack the code, a guard knocked on the door. It did break my concentration and my second son disappeared. I was in the mood to execute the guard right there and then, but I needed to show my patience to my father.

So I held it.

I was informed that some important guests had come to meet me, so I had no choice but to end my hard work and stop imagining as I walked out of the office and towards the entrance of the castle.

Normally, as the next king, I wouldn’t welcome anyone at the gate personally, but this guest had the marked ring of my father, so of course I had to treat him with the best of my ability.

After arriving at the door, I found that it was none other than Jin Woo, the person who is considered the biggest talent of the Blue Kingdom—the same man I had personally tried to recruit.

Beside him were three women with their faces covered with veils, though I could tell they must be really beautiful from the sight of their eyes.

But I am not like my father who drools over every woman. After nodding at them, I looked at the last person of the group.

And then I saw her!!

I fell hard the moment I looked into those brown eyes, those long brown hair, that smooth milky skin, those large jugs—cough, that heavy bosom, that voluptuous body, and those luscious lips.

The moment our eyes met, I knew I had fallen in love and I needed to get this beautiful woman for myself.

Before I knew it, I was standing in front of her as I extended my right hand toward her for a handshake—but secretly I just wanted to touch her buttery skin.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...