Chapter 31: Good-Bad

"If you stay silent, you will still be punished." As he spoke, Vritra lightly patted her back.

"Yes, the king is involved in this plan. As for the reason behind it, I only know that not only could their abilities be extracted, but even the speed of a person leveling up could be doubled— though it still seems to be in the experimental phase.

One such person was spotted before outside of this kingdom. His actions were suspicious, and his leveling speed appeared higher, though his condition was highly unstable. Once he was caught, he died within a week. There were two hearts in his body," Diana explained. She didn’t dare to lie anymore.

’Hmmm, it matches my deduction. So they really use the bodies of transmigrators,’ Vritra thought. Then he asked further:

"If that is the case, then is the reason for bringing us all here the same? If not, then why did you only target those with trash skills? Wouldn’t it be more profitable to get those with better skills, or were they being saved for the time when this experiment becomes a success?"

"No, that is not the case. You were indeed summoned here to fight demons. Those background schemes only target those with tras— uhh, bad skills not only because of the reason you said, but also because it would be dangerous to target those with the best abilities.

These people are summoned here by the true gods, and I am the medium. So those gods nurture their favorites among the many," Diana explained patiently.

"Oh, so even those true gods are playing favorites? Haha, I understand all that. What role do you play in this? And is the king the mastermind?" Vritra stepped in front of her and asked.

"I am merely a bystander. It is true that I know what happens to those people who enter the labyrinth, but I can’t interfere with the plans of those people. The king is not the top head; it is the people in the background who are very dangerous.

They don’t harm me because of my status, but if I even tried anything, I would disappear without a trace," the goddess spoke while standing in a strange pose. How much she wished she could blow his head up.

"Alright, now tell me, what is the organization behind this?"

"Uh... That’s..." Diana hesitated, as if just speaking its name would bring her harm.

’What kind of organization is it that made even this arrogant goddess so fearful? Now this is getting a bit interesting.’

"Speak, or do you want another punishment?" Vritra said as he tapped on her ass cheek again.

"I- It’s The Nine Pact." Diana shut her eyes and spoke, then released a long breath.

Before Vritra could even say anything, Yasmine was the first one to react after hearing that name.

"Oh, The Nine Pact. It’s been a while since I heard that name."

’Do you know about them too? Are they very dangerous?’ Vritra asked in his mind, since Diana seemed as if she didn’t even want to talk about that organization.

"I didn’t expect them to reach even this kingdom. The Nine Pact is one of the top dark organizations, and yes— they are very dangerous.

There should only be a small branch here, still it would be better if you don’t get too involved with them." Yasmine didn’t explain much and Vritra decided to ask about this later.

His gaze returned to the docile goddess. Now that he was done with subduing her, he could finally return to the labyrinth and continue the half finished process of slaughter, but before that—

’Diana’s attitude still isn’t good, and before leaving I should do a little plundering. It won’t hurt anyone if I were to take a few potions and a few weapons, right?’ As he thought, Vritra asked another question.

"Do you have soul medicines here?"

He had heard about them from Yasmine. They are one of the few things that could help Nihil-Anima recover to some extent. It is also very beneficial to the lady dragon.

"Of course. You don’t know, but in this continent the Dunshire Kingdom has one of the biggest inventories of potions and pills.

Even the soul medicines, which are very rare all over the continent, could be found easily in this place," Diana replied with pride in her tone. Since the goddess was also in charge of the medicinal inventory of the castle, the high growth is only because of her.

’That’s good. Then all that is left before I leave is taming Diana, but how should I go about it?’ Vritra pondered. Back on Earth, he didn’t interact with women too much. That was not because he was timid and shy or he didn’t have any interest in women, but at that time he was just focused on other things.

While he was deep in thought, all kinds of ideas passed through his mind, and at this moment, the two weak energies that had been hidden felt the little bits of his negative and evil thoughts.

The Devil-Veyll and the energy of the demonic God began to fan the fire of those thoughts, as his eyes had a faint glint of red, and soon his mind was divided into the good and bad sides.

Good: ’No no no, I can’t do that. She is still a respectful goddess after all; it isn’t good to push someone too hard.’

Bad: ’Too hard? Didn’t she almost blow my head apart just now? What is there to even think about? That is the only way to tame this goddess.’

Good: ’But still, it is wrong to force her into doing that.’

Bad: ’I am not going to force her, but she will be given two choices: either submit or die. See, she has complete freedom to reject.’

Good: ’Heh, freedom? And how is that different from forcing? Now that she is under my control, it’s not like she could refute me anyway or even think about harming me, so there is no need for all that.’

Bad: ’...’

Bad: ’Think about Mom, how would she—’

Good: ’Why is Mom brought into this argument out of nowhere? In any case, that is still wrong.’

Bad: ’Hey me, don’t interrupt. How would Mom feel if she knew that I died without even touching a girl, of course except for the purpose of slapping them. How embarrassing.’

Good: ’...’

Bad: ’There is no guarantee that I could return alive from the labyrinth. There are dangers all over the place. Wouldn’t it be a shame if I were to die without even savouring the divinity?’

Good: ’Yes, that is right. She needs to be punished and humiliated for her to truly submit and remove all thoughts of escape or revenge. Let’s start her training protocol.’

Bad: ’Now we are talking. Let’s do our best.’

As the two sides came to the same wavelength, Vritra’s lips curled up in an evil smile. Without saying anything, he walked towards the bed and sat at the edge.

The two demonic energies inside his body only added fuel, the two energies were quite weak so they didn’t dare do anything; if they got caught, they might be thrown out or destroyed.

__________

Thanks for