Chapter 472: The War-1

[Demonic Dragon God’s Transformation Activated.]

A terrifying flame burst out around Vritra’s body, purple scales covering him as the size of his body increased, yet he maintained his human-like figure.

The horns grew with purple flames burning over them; he appeared completely different from before.

A mixture of both demon and dragon—a figure never seen before.

His height was well over ten feet, the deadly black swords growing in size, appearing just as monstrous.

Even the Oracle, who calculated all sorts of possibilities, was quite surprised; even after a 40% deduction, his strength reached that level.

"Kill him now at all costs! We can’t let Vritra—this demon—grow any further. No matter the casualties, he must be terminated today!"

Oracle shouted in a loud voice, his body engulfed by bright light.

BOOM

Suddenly there was a loud explosion, then a chain reaction followed...

BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM

Within moments, all the supposedly indestructible puppets exploded. The big circle that was present under the ground and high up in the sky flickered before disappearing.

"What’s happening?"

Just before the two sides could collide, the restrictions were removed, as an even more terrifying demonic presence spread across the city.

The purple flames destroyed anything nearby.

"Thank you, Foxie and... Yenni." Vritra called, looking to the side, his voice tough and loud.

Then the two women appeared from amidst the broken puppets before landing beside Vritra.

Yennefer was well aware of this sort of formation and knew how to destroy it, so that was their first priority.

"WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!!" Darius clenched his fists, glaring at Yennefer.

"Just helping out my husband. Oh, by the way, if you haven’t already noticed, I have switched sides."

As Yennefer spoke, the ground and air began to tremble, appearing as if a big calamity was about to appear.

Vritra just thought that he was yet to see both Maeve and Yennefer in action; he didn’t even know what exactly their abilities were.

"She can control all elements. Her field is extremely special—it’s almost like she can control many fields like you," Yasmine spoke, hearing his thoughts.

She too was ready to join the battle at any time.

Right then, her body got enveloped by armor that seemed to be made of several elements like wood, earth, fire, and many more.

Yennefer almost looked as if she was controlling a big robot.

"Heh, this is going to be fun, Master. We can kill as much as we want, right?" As Maeve took a step forward, her body underwent a drastic change.

Nine tails appeared behind her, her skin color changed to complete dark as the demonic energy suppressed the enemies even further.

"Yennefer, is that your final decision?" Oracle asked, his right hand raised.

"Vritra, would you like to joi—" Kryn, the leader of Grieves, was just questioning when he got interrupted by Red.

"No way I’m letting him join any of your organizations—either Bone Blood Cult or—" Then Red got interrupted.

"He is one of us, and he is going to become one of my subjects!" a demon lord called Sloth, Ziggy’s father, shouted.

The various lords almost started fighting among themselves, but Vritra was the first to make a move, just as the others were distracted.

[Shift Activated!]

[Agility - 25,583,531]

Vritra shifted the stat points from endurance and strength to agility, as his speed became extreme.

Then, raising both the swords, the giant monstrosity let out a deafening roar and aimed at Dago, the dragon emperor.

Although Vritra’s speed had surpassed Dago’s, being the proud and overly confident dragon, he accepted the challenge.

His body twisted, and the two purple slashes barely missed his body.

WHOOSH

"You are still too young to—"

Yet a painful scream rang out from behind him in the next instant, as one of the dragons was torn symmetrically into two.

Just a single attack from Vritra had cut the dragon’s powerful body in two, and instantly Hellmancer popped beside the corpse.

The dark sorcerer was also the one who put up quite the show earlier when the two corpses had exploded.

Then it dragged the resisting dragon’s soul into oblivion, and it wasn’t long before a message popped in front of Vritra.

[You have killed a level 19,346 Dragon.]

[+Exp]

And Hellmancer’s strength increased at the same time.

That one death was the start of the war of millions, as instantly both sides began to attack one another.

But the problem was not everyone on the other side was on the same team, though right now Vritra was their main focus.

Darius gritted his teeth; he felt that if he could kill Vritra, then whatever sorcery he had done on Yennefer would be undone and she would be back to him.

His body seemed to transform into an enormous sword, tearing the air apart as he rushed toward Vritra.

A light flashed as the Oracle appeared before Vritra; he was the one who didn’t fight with brute force but played with the mind, slowly weakening the opponent.

But...

"Forbid: Wherever there is light, the air itself becomes a wall."

[Forbidden Activated.]

Vritra already knew which opponent needed more of his attention.

Oracle’s speed instantly slowed down greatly as the air became a hurdle for him.

WHOOSH

"HOW DARE YOU!!" Dago burned with rage at being fooled; he was the exact opposite of Oracle.

His body got covered with scales as he punched Vritra with all his physical strength.

Sensing that the weakened period was already over, Vritra activated Shift again.

Letting go of the two big swords, which swung on their own around him, deflecting any attacks launched from the distance.

[Shift Activated!]

[Strength - 25,583,531]

"Forbid: Strength."

The terrifying punch of the dragon emperor that could easily crush most of the strong demons headed toward Vritra’s chest.

BANG

But Vritra grasped his fist as easily as catching a ball; the scales on his hand weren’t even touching Dago’s because of Atomic.

Then his burning red eyes stared into Dago’s eyes, muttering in a broken tone:

"You. Are. Weak!"

BOOOOOOOOOM

A punch full of Demonic God energy landed on his chest as the body of the dragon emperor got blown away; even the scales on his chest broke.

The morale of the dragons and many others instantly went down—this demon was nowhere near as weak as they had heard.

Yennefer created a wind blade in one hand and an enormous fireball in the other; she kept teleporting forward, making all attacks against her useless.

Then she smashed the fireball into Darius, stopping his attack before he could get anywhere near Vritra.

Right before engaging the twin brothers, Tin and Vin, in a dangerous battle, handling several lords all alone.

Maeve’s body shivered for a moment, and then hundreds of clones looking exactly like her spread over the battlefield.

Pulling out a black piece of cloth from her inventory, she waved it around gracefully as it stretched between all her clones, tearing apart anyone who got near—though only her real body could fight against a strong lord.

Dark Knight walked forward carrying its heavy sword; standing before the large army, it swung the sword in a horizontal slash.

CLANG

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...