Chapter 383: The Empress Betrayal?

[You have obtained the Active skill Charged Fist.]

A single message flashed in front of Vritra as he crushed the sphere. He stood in the room and decided to read its description first.

『

[Charged Fist]

[Skill Description]: A strike charged upon receiving or dealing damage to your opponent. Charge continues to increase with time as well.

[Current Charge: 0%]

』

The description was rather short and simple. Vritra wondered how with such a skill Zihong scared off all the demon lords.

Even if this charged fist could create an extremely powerful strike, enough to kill a demon lord, wouldn’t he be powerless afterward, waiting to charge it up again?

Doesn’t that mean, with a bluff, he made the demons cower?

Vritra shook his head. He decided to check it out later on. First, he needed to get out of this place and meet up with his family.

He directly walked out. All the traps and attacks had ceased; the path back was rather uneventful.

Vritra carried Maeve to the outer cave and paused there.

"I can’t carry you around, so how about I put you in a hotel or something? I will try to get that nail you want," Vritra said.

Maeve was on his back; her soft and large boobs pressed against his back, her thick thighs wrapped around his waist.

All this time, she had done her best to behave. Vritra made it apparent who was the one in power here, and after a month together the demon queen seemed to have some changes.

"Okay..." she nodded, drowning herself in the sweet smell of his blood. She so wished to keep him close and keep drinking his blood.

’Everything is going perfectly, he has started to trust me more. I just need to continue like this for my evil plan to succeed.’

The demonic fox thought, still trying to bite his neck. But now Vritra had gotten used to such random bites, though she would end up leaving faint marks on his skin every now and then.

Covering themselves with Misty Essence, Vritra flew away from there, while the demon queen was busy formulating her plans and biting his neck.

...

After a while, he booked a room in Ghazi City and put down Maeve on the bed.

The fox demon’s charms and that cunning devilish smile were enough to seduce any man; even wearing those loose modest clothes, her body looked sizzling hot.

"When will you return?" Maeve questioned. By now she could already move her limbs a little.

"As soon as I get that nail, I will return. Make sure to hide yourself properly," Vritra said and disappeared in the next moment. He left behind a soul wraith just in case.

Maeve stared at the ceiling; after a moment, she thought with determination: ’I need to seduce him, j- just for the sake of my plan, nothing else.’

Then, taking a deep breath, she calmed her mind, appearing completely different than she was in front of Vritra.

***

First, Vritra flew directly towards the City of Charms; he was able to enter easily.

Upon arriving at home, he didn’t find anyone there, so he directly went to Diana’s lab.

"Darling, you are back?" Fiona jumped into his arms upon seeing Vritra enter.

Diana stopped her experiments and gave him a tight hug as well.

"You have been gone for more than fifteen days, we were starting to get really worried about you." The goddess said, breathing in his scent while remaining in his embrace.

But along with Vritra’s scent, she also smelled another feminine scent that certainly didn’t belong to the empress.

"I am fine. How is your research going? There is no problem here, right?" he asked, caressing the heads of the two women.

He seemed to have gotten a habit of patting after patting Maeve’s head for so many days; her soft ears and smooth hair felt quite nice to the touch, not to mention that soft tail.

"Yes, there is absolutely no problem. And Mom has already entered for the test." Fiona added.

Vritra just nodded. He knew now to meet her again he would have to wait until she was out. He was quite worried about his mother.

The three went to eat food together. Vritra had decided to spend a day with them to relax before heading out.

The next morning, Vritra bid farewell to the two women and left the City of Charms after meeting up with the princess and getting quite a bit of sin points from all the succubus.

"Now, let’s see if anything major happened while I was gone."

The time difference between that realm and outside was over two times, so more than a month had passed inside but nearly 15-16 days had passed outside.

Vritra was in Ben’s appearance. Arriving at the temple, he found Shitless and Onest; the two were in their disguised forms.

For some reason, the whole city seemed to be decorated as if some sort of big event was about to take place.

The number of guards around was several times higher.

"Did anything big happen while I was away?" Vritra questioned. The three sat in a small shop, waiting for their drinks.

"Uh... Yes, pitiful one, many things happened while you were away. Sigh, on our first meeting I had warned you to be careful of women; betrayals might come, sigh..." Monk Shitless shook his head, letting Onest tell everything.

"Hmm? What happened exactly?" Vritra became confused, looking at the two who seemed hesitant.

"COUGH Well, you have become quite popular across the city in the past few days. The Grieves have been moving quite a bit and targeting anyone who is searching for you, they had clearly shown support towards you.

Even the Nine Pacts and Bone Blood Cult are showing that you are on the same side. Even the demons.

Sigh The continent has surely been quite lively lately; your threat level has risen to the top and now the search for you is being carried everywhere by several forces." Onest explained.

Vritra nodded. He knew all these forces were just taking advantage of the chaos, trying to get benefits for themselves.

"Is that all?" he asked further, thinking to meet the empress to get more information.

"Uh..." Onest looked at Shitless and looked hesitant.

"Just tell me what is the matter? Is there something even worse than that?" Vritra frowned; he was prepared that there was just going to be bad news from the start.

"So... uhm there is going to be a wedding soon..." Onest spoke.

"And?" Vritra waited.

Shitless sighed and just spoke directly: "Very soon, the empress is going to marry Darius, the emperor."

"Oh-" Vritra fell silent, his expressions changing, his frown deepened as he contemplated.

Knowing the empress, the only reason she would agree to marry him would be either because of some deal or because of her obsession with some demon.

Whatever may be the case, he certainly wasn’t happy to hear that.

"Is that all?" he asked, his tone emotionless.

"Yes... Actually the wedding is going to be tomorrow." Onest added, wondering why they were in such a hurry.

"I see, anyway do you know anything about someone named Green Claw?" Vritra questioned, though the matter of wedding kept bugging his mind.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...