Chapter 698 Pleasurable Torture [R-18]

Feeling the hotness of the tip against her lips filled Evelyn with euphoria, she loved it more than she thought.

Her lips were instantly covered by the precum as she kissed the tip.

With her eyes closed she licked her lips, feeling her taste buds explode at the sweet taste.

"I love it, darling, you taste amazing~" she mumbled, her mouth watering, as her gaze focused on his penis.

And then she bit down over the tip, her teeth gently pressing, her tongue moving over the glans.

"Wha-" feeling her teeth over the sensitive part, Vritra's eyes opened.

It was not painful… yet, but his physique wasn't the same as back then where even if his wives bit his penis, he wouldn't feel pain but only pleasure.

If she bit, he would feel an unimaginable amount of pain.

"Hehe Don't worry, my love, I would never hurt you."

Evelyn spoke with a laugh, pulling her teeth away from the glans.

"Hmm" Vritra just nodded, for a moment he really felt this crazy woman went out of control over the taste and was about to bite.

He glanced up at the time, most of the ten minutes should have passed by now.

"Huh? How come only three minutes had passed, the kiss alone clearly lasted very long!" Vritra spoke, shock clear in his eyes.

He looked back at Evelyn who stuck her tongue out and began to lick the tip gently.

"I don't Mmm~ know what you SLURP mean, maybe SLURP you are enjoying it too much…" Evelyn muttered, while licking all over the head.

'It's so delicious, far more than I remember, I want it all Haa so tasty!!' Evelyn licked the tip hard, slurping every drop of his precum.

Her hands softly massaged the shaft to pull out her favourite milk, she had been starved of it for nearly all her life.

While she had to watch other women steal what should have belonged solely to her.

Her soft tongue wrapped around the tiny hole at the tip, poking and rubbing against it.

Then she kissed the tip, wrapped her lips around it and sucked out the precum.

SLURP SLURP

As she tasted the sweet juicy fluid, Evelyn couldn't help but release mild moans, sucking even harder.

'More, I need more, I am going to draw out every drop of his semen.

I want to drink it all!' she thought, and started to stimulate it even more wildly.

She couldn't care less about the bet, but she desperately wanted the semen.

Evelyn began to kiss and bite the shaft lightly, sucking over the hot meaty rod while one of her hands moved to give a gentle squeeze to his balls.

She wanted to completely empty them and drink everything stored there.

A drop of precum leaked down over his shaft under the intense play.

Vritra was really having difficulty holding back from making any noise, it was really like this woman knew everything about him.

What made him feel good and what made him feel the best.

She held his cock up, then from the bottom started to lick the underside of his penis, slurping up the precum.

As the tip of her tongue reached the frenulum, Evelyn felt his cock twitch between her hands.

"You are still the same, dear, this makes it easier for me hehe"

SLURP

After speaking, she licked off the precum leaking out, cleaning up the tip.

Then changing her position slightly, Evelyn held her breasts.

"Ready to be squeezed by your favourite boobies?" she asked, and without waiting enveloped his cock between her giant breasts.

They were so soft and hot, Vritra felt a shiver run through his body.

It was not like he had not tried this before, but Evelyn was just too good.

As it seemed, in that illusory world, he had given her good education.

Only the tip remained exposed above the squeezing boobs, it was like getting covered by ultra soft white dough.

Then her mouth descended as she took the head inside her mouth and started to torture him with her tongue, rubbing and poking at his sensitive spots.

Vritra's fists were clenched, she was clearly cheating by extending the time and knew too much about him.

Evelyn rolled her tongue around the tip, pressing it against it, sucking hard enough to draw out even more precum.

Her cheeks hollowed out, lips squeezing around the head tightly while she massaged with her breasts, squeezing it harder and harder.

'Ha I am close, give me all of it my love, let me taste you!' Evelyn thought as she felt it twitch harder.

She increased her efforts, pressing on her breasts from both sides with even more strength, her tongue moving with frenzy as she sucked wildly.

And within a few minutes, the high vampire being was rewarded by the flood of her favourite milk.

The hot and thick semen burst out of the tip, first hitting her tongue which was stimulating the tiny hole.

Her mouth was suddenly full of the sweet fluid, as she almost leaked it out of her mouth, but quickly began to drink it.

GULP GULP

The thick and sticky cum flowed down her throat, spreading warmth, and settling in her belly.

"Mmmm~ So Dewicious~ Mwore Mwore SLURP GULP GULP Mhmmm~" Evelyn loved it, she was again obsessed with his semen.

Her tongue swam in the flood of hot semen, rubbing it against the insides of her cheeks, loving the sweetness.

Vritra almost groaned as semen kept shooting out, even he felt like his penis just wouldn't stop and kept shooting out.

This woman was really too dangerous.

Even as he was cumming, her tongue continued to lap at the semen while rubbing against the glans.

And even after he stopped releasing more semen, she kept her lips wrapped around it.

Rolling it around with her tongue, tasting the last bit of it before gulping it.

Then she started to lick and clean, and after doing that she didn't forget to pull out any lingering semen.

Sucking the tip, Evelyn pulled out the most delicious part of it, as the last bites are always the most delicious.

Pulling every bit of the semen which was still present in the cock, she kept it over her tongue and finally pulled her mouth back.

"Mmmm thwank you, huwwy." Evelyn spoke as she opened her mouth slightly and showed his semen sticking around her tongue sensually.

Then she closed her mouth, and after enjoying the sweet taste, gulped it down.

"Haa haa my love, that was absolutely fantastic, it was too delicious.

Let me drink more of it, your cock is just too delicious, I can eat it again right?" she asked a question, which wasn't really a question.

Vritra opened his eyes and glanced at the time, there were still five minutes.

"N- No way, this only lasted two minutes, stop cheating-"

Vritra was interrupted as Evelyn suddenly took his softening member into her mouth, taking the entire length in one go.

A pleasurable current ran through him, he was still feeling too sensitive and his cock was soft now.

While Evelyn loved the feeling of sucking and licking his cock when it was soft, as it slowly hardened inside her mouth.

A high being was here sucking him off, someone who treated even the gods as their servants, was here pleasuring him.

Vritra didn't know what to think of it, but if even a word of it ever got out, the higher beings would make their lives hell.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios