Chapter 298: The Venerable One

"What would people say about my character if I go around with an engaged woman? Sorry, I can’t help you." Vritra added.

"You know having three women isn’t that common either so going to help her should be fine—" Onest began to speak but Vritra suddenly pinched his ear and dragged him away.

"In any case, I won’t be able to help you, Empress." Vritra said as he dragged Onest out of there by his ear.

"Uh... Empress, what kind of help do you need from him?" Han asked, feeling really curious.

He did feel that Vritra wasn’t ordinary but he couldn’t understand how someone so weak could help someone like the Empress.

Yennefer stayed silent and in the next moment she disappeared, Han sighed and followed behind her.

***

"Ughh, my ear, what’s wrong with you? I was just helping you get such a beautiful woman, don’t you like collecting pretty ladies?" Onest spoke while massaging his ear.

"Yeah yeah, I will meet you tomorrow, don’t be late mugger." Vritra said as he started flying away.

"Ha! I should be the one to say that, you psycho." Onest clicked his tongue and left as well.

...

Vritra didn’t fly too high, lots of gazes were attracted towards him because of his special uniform; normally it was forbidden to fly in the capital but a few people were an exception.

After a while, he finally arrived at the castle and found that the three had gone into the market and they left behind a note for him.

"Haa... such a tiring day, I spent a lot of money but well I still have a lot to spare, soon people will come without even the mention of the gold coins." Vritra mumbled as he fell back on the bed and closed his eyes.

"Remember the dragon I told you about? I can sense that it is somewhere near the castle." Yasmine spoke suddenly.

"The dragon? Could it be looking for you?" Vritra wondered, as he sat up and created several layers of barriers around the room just to be sure, Yasmine did the same.

"I don’t think so but I can tell he is indeed looking for someone. Anyway, it is better if you don’t meet that dragon for now, there is no way we can defeat someone like that with our current strength and—" She replied and suddenly fell silent.

"What’s wrong?" he questioned, hoping nothing went wrong.

"It seems the person that dragon is searching for is also a dragon, and an alive one."

Yasmine answered and knowing what his next question was going to be she continued:

"I can faintly sense the presence of several Dragon Enchant Flowers, just as its name suggests, it kind of hypnotizes a dragon and pulls them closer.

The moment you smell its scent, you would be forcefully transformed into your dragon form."

"Oh, looks like I will have to be extra careful. The demon Yennefer is searching for and this dragon, I wonder if they are related somehow..." he mumbled.

The two chatted for a while and soon the three ladies returned with lots of shopping bags, they had purchased a lot of clothes for Vritra too.

"Wow, you sure went all out." Vritra said, watching as they pulled one bag after another from their storages.

"Watch, honey, these are the clothes the three of us bought for you, do you like them?" Vanessa spoke, a beautiful smile spreading across her face.

"Hmm, yeah they all look great, thank you. And have you eaten yet? I sure am feeling very hungry." He said, after looking at all the things they had purchased.

"Let’s go eat together. So how was your first day at Golden Moon?" Diana asked, she was wearing a black dress and looked absolutely gorgeous.

"It was fine, but because of the chaos in the kingdom instead of giving any basic training or lessons, I am given a duty to keep a watch over the entrance of the kingdom."

While chatting they went to the dining area, they took their seats and asked the servants to bring food for them.

The remaining day passed quite peacefully, Yennefer didn’t return to her room until late in the night and so Vritra didn’t meet her.

But she sure felt annoyed at the poor hospitality in the castle, that four people had to share one room and one bed on top of that.

***

The next morning, Vritra got dressed in his clothes instead of his uniform and just wore the badge. They ate breakfast and before seven the four of them were ready to head out.

"Shall we go?" Vritra asked as he gazed back at the three ladies, who looked really beautiful in their new dresses but had their faces covered by veils.

"Yes darling, when we went out the last time we heard that the members of the Slave Beast Gang might come to cause trouble for your recruitment today, just let us handle them if their level is up to the middles of 1st Legion rank."

Fiona said, an intense aura burning around her body.

"Sure." He nodded.

"Are we allowed to kill them? It would be better if I could gain levels while killing those good-for-nothings." Diana said, something had changed in her and she no longer ran away from fights.

"But I heard we can’t gain levels by killing humans, so how?" Fiona asked curiously.

"I am a goddess, those rules don’t bind me. So can I kill them?" Diana asked. Killing them might make the whole situation too intense and a full-blown war might start, so she decided to ask first.

"Oh, I didn’t know that either, and yeah, kill them if you want. At most I will have to drag the kingdom’s guards to battle against them." Vritra said.

Instead of taking a ride to the kingdom entrance, the four flew since it was faster but only Vanessa couldn’t fly yet, so Vritra brought her along.

Monk Shitless had already told everyone that the venue of the recruitment was going to change so lots of people had already gathered near the gates.

When the four figures got closer, Shitless turned back to the crowd and spoke: "Do it just like we practiced, one two three!!"

"ALL HAIL THE GOD OF MERCY!! BRING KINDNESS TO THE WORLD, PLEASE SPANK THE CRIMINALS AND SLAUGHTER SLAVE BEAST GANG!! THAT’S ALL, HEHE SHITLESS IS THE MOST EVIL, BOW TO ME PEASANTS—"

All the people shouted.

"Stop, stop!! You weren’t supposed to speak the last part." Monk Shitless shouted, feeling embarrassed as Vritra and the three women landed beside him.

"Hehe, this was a surprise I planned for you." Shitless said, scratching his bald head.

But Vritra didn’t really pay much attention to this, he just looked at the messages refreshing crazily in front of him.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +83,194}

{Sin Point Gained: Revered +82,902}

{Sin Point Gained: Overjoyed +83,049}

...

The place was so crowded that it seemed around half of the capital had gathered in the first city itself, and more people were still coming there.

"I AM HERE TO FREE YOU OF ALL YOUR PROBLEMS, I WILL ERASE SLAVERY FROM THE WHITE KINGDOM, I WILL SLAUGHTER EVERY SINGLE DEMON THAT THREATENS YOU ALL!!"

Vritra’s regal voice reverberated far and wide, carrying with it an undeniable weight of authority and grandeur.

{Sin Point Gained: Venerated +102,869}

{Sin Point Gained: Looked up to +102,849}

{Sin Point Gained: Exalted +103,038}

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...