Chapter 499: Meeting the Queen

In the new Quartz continent, the city of charms was made at the heart of the continent.

The demons hadn’t been much of a bother for some time now, after all they too had made a big loss.

Things had been quite peaceful, though Twilight had started to become a big issue ever since several broken dark organizations joined it.

The cities were bustling with crowd, it was a cloudy day, thousands of storytellers were spread across the cities.

People would stop and listen to the stories, although the Golden Moon and others had tried to stop that but they just couldn’t.

The influence of Golden Moon had greatly decreased in the continent, even the Phoenix continent had now merged with Quartz continent.

Vritra was pleasantly surprised as he landed inside one of the cities, it appeared almost as if there hadn’t been such a deadly war just a few years ago.

He walked slowly, taking in the sight around him and soon saw a small crowd gathered before a storyteller.

"And that’s how he protected the Dunshire kingdom from demons, Nine Pacts and Bone Blood Cult.

The Blue kingdom from the Grieves and freed the White kingdom from slavery, saved their king and defeated demons, Nine Pacts and Bone Blood Cult in the war, protecting it.

And even in the Quartz continent, he captured a lot of criminals, protected thousands of people who were almost exploded to pieces by demons."

Holding an ancient-looking book, the storyteller was speaking in a dramatic way.

’That sounds... strangely familiar.’ Vritra thought, shaking his head.

This must be the work of his wives, to completely change the way the world looked at him and expose the righteous organization.

"Do you even have any proof? We all know that demon destroyed the whole continent, killed over a million soldiers, how can we believe some random man?

Not to mention that announcement about him being the divine." someone from the crowd shouted.

Since Golden Moon failed to forcefully suppress these storytellers, they decided to do it the easy way.

It was someone from the Golden Moon who was tasked to not let people’s opinion shift.

"Of course, I am not fool enough to be standing here and muttering gibberish without anything backing it up." The storyteller said confidently, as the dozens of people watching him became curious.

"Oh, and what is it?" the same man from the crowd questioned.

"Here, the empress of this continent, the goddess herself, someone who would never lie is saying the truth, what else you need."

The storyteller threw a glyph into the sky, as Diana’s image burst out of it.

Vritra stared at the goddess’s face, she looked even more beautiful, and now she was actually the empress.

She really had matured a lot, it was a little hard to imagine the same haughty and careless goddess he met back then to be the same graceful and tactical lady.

All the people instantly kneeled, bowing in the goddess’s presence.

"My loyal subjects, rise... The Golden Moon has never been what we believed it to be, they could turn an innocent man into a heinous criminal overnight.

If suddenly, few people enter your house, try to kill you, your family, what would you do?"

Diana’s image paused, and the response of all the people matched.

Of course, they would try to stop them and if needed even kill them.

"Exactly, did they explain why Vritra Arclis was a criminal, what crime he committed? They just said he is a demon, so according to their wish, they could mobilize all the army and attack a person who was actually killing the criminals and demons?

Why hadn’t the Golden Moon taken responsibility for the death of so many soldiers? How can we believe them when their leader is a coward, a schemer, and doesn’t care about any of us."

Diana was speaking, slowly but loudly, her voice full of suppressed rage.

’She has gotten quite good at speaking.’ Vritra smiled.

It seemed they were aware that he was not dead and will return very soon.

Maybe Yennefer left some message behind.

’T- This! We all knew who was behind these storytellers but they hadn’t acted directly before, but now they are not even afraid of anything, even the empress is openly supporting that demon.’

The man from the Golden Moon thought, looking around he saw the almost hypnotized expressions of the crowd.

’Looks like we will soon have to deal with them all, the goddess, the succubus queen, the phoenix empress and the world information centre.’ He thought, then sighing he left.

Diana was too good at influencing people, after becoming the empress she won people’s trust in such a small time.

Vritra too continued to walk, excited to be reunited with his family finally.

***

In a big hall, a stunningly gorgeous and seductive woman was seated over a throne at the high platform.

In front of her, dozens of women were seated on the seats present on the left and right, while three men knelt; chains wrapped around them.

"Queen, these three men tried to kidnap a group of children and almost succeeded. They are smugglers, selling women and children." A woman named Layla said, glaring at the three.

The queen barely stopped herself from tearing them apart herself, after a moment she commanded:

"Cut off their limbs, hang them outside the city and let the birds feed over their flesh. And... cut off their lower parts too, feed it to them."

"Yes, queen." Layla said and gestured for the chained men to be dragged away, as the three looked on with looks of horror.

Their mouths were stuffed with clothes, unable to speak at all, yet they continued to beg.

"That’s all for now... recently the number of attacks by humans, demons and others in our city has increased. They are becoming bolder." She added, releasing a long sigh.

"Let them come, anyone who comes here with ill intentions will be killed and made an example out of." The queen said, before adding:

"Send a message to the human empress, if more humans dare to trespass then we, the succubus, will launch a war against them." Vanessa spoke, a green flame dancing around her body.

"Y- Yes, I understand." Layla nodded, had been spending time with Diana and Fiona ever since they started living in the city of charms.

Vanessa had such good relations with the other two before, she couldn’t understand how did things suddenly become so chaotic between them.

It almost felt as if a war might break between the humans, succubus and the phoenix race.

"If we are done for today then let’s head to th-" just as Vanessa was about to get up, one of the women guarding at the door spoke in urgency.

"Queen, a m- man has entered our city, even our palace, and is asking to let him enter this hall, h- he wishes to meet you. Should we detain him or...?" the guard asked nervously, since none of them could really do anything to him, they couldn’t stop him at all.

Just then, the man actually dared to enter the hall.

"Forgive me, my queen, but there is something important I must tell you about." He said, with a faint smile.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...