Chapter 697 The Karmic Game [R-18]

Evelyn gently pushed Vritra back onto the bed, before climbing on top of him.

"Just relax, darling." She whispered, her warm hands softly pressing over his cheeks.

Then they slid down as she unbuttoned his shirt, pulling it away.

"Mhmm My love, you are as hot as ever." She mumbled, her hands caressing over his body.

"Wait, the time has started right?" Vritra asked, determined to not release any sound.

He really was so pitiful, getting pleasured like this by such a gorgeous woman.

"Tch I will start it now." Clicking her tongue, Evelyn made a big clock appear in the sky.

It had a ten minute timer.

"Alright, if I win you will stop bothering me right? And I am allowed to retaliate during the game?" Vritra asked, determined to win.

"For now, I will and no, you are not allowed to do anything, just lie there and enjoy.

We have spent enough time together for me to know almost everything about you." Evelyn said confidently.

Her soft palms rubbing against his skin, passing over his abs, before resting on his chest.

"Sigh fine, your time starts now." He said, then glanced at the clock where the hand had started to move.

He had to be careful, this woman loves to play tricks.

"My love, did you like my gifts? Mutamorphis and all the other things?" Evelyn asked, as she started to remove her clothes.

Her white dress slipped down her shoulders, and then she even removed her bra and panty.

"They were from you? Also we are literally strangers, and you are just getting naked?" Vritra asked, his gaze unconsciously moving down to her bouncy soft boobs.

She had even removed her panty, then sat back down over him, pressing her vagina directly over his pant.

"We are not strangers, I am your wife. And I have already seen you naked countless times, don't worry soon you will remember everything…" Evelyn spoke.

She leaned forward, her breasts squishing against his chest, as she captured his lips into a sensual kiss.

Evelyn sucked his lips, licking them and then pushed her tongue into his mouth.

Vritra didn't stop her but he didn't reciprocate the kiss either, feeling her soft and sweet tongue moving inside his mouth.

She entangled her tongue with his, their saliva becoming a wet mess.

She scratched his skin, her nails digging slightly as her hands moved down.

Feeling her hot skin directly against his, this taboo feeling was making Vritra feel intense pleasure.

Just a bit more and the time would be over…

GULP

Evelyn sucked on his tongue, gulping the mixture of their saliva sensually, her tongue wrapping around his.

The intoxicating kiss seemed to continue forever as Evelyn held his erect cock from over his clothes and gave it a squeeze.

Then her hand slipped under the clothes and in reality for the first time, she held his penis.

"Mmmm~" feeling the warmth, the hardness, Evelyn couldn't help but let out a soft muffled moan.

Her thumb caressed the tip, while rubbing the shaft, it was as big as she remembered.

In that illusory world, there were only the two of them, and they had slept together countless times.

Life was full of danger now, so each time they embraced each other was thrilling and full of passion.

At the start, Evelyn didn't trust or like him, but just in less than a year, the two were inseparable.

So much in love…

That's why it made her feel a little bad that he didn't know her, she was the only one who had the memories of that illusory world.

But Evelyn wasn't one to just give up, she had already done so much, now she just needed to win him all over again.

She bit his lip, as if she wanted to eat him up.

'Mmm He tastes so good, I can keep kissing him forever…' Evelyn thought, pressing her tongue against his.

But since the time was limited, she had to reluctantly end the kiss.

Evelyn kissed his cheek softly then her lips pressed against his neck, sucking his skin and biting it, leaving a dark mark.

"I love you, my darling…" she whispered, while licking and sucking his skin, leaving several marks all over his neck.

Vritra closed his eyes, trying his best not to make any sound, feeling her soft hand rub and squeeze his penis.

Her thumb pressed softly against the glans, precum leaking out.

SLURP

From his neck, her lips moved down to his chest, as she sucked his skin, biting all over it.

She wanted to cover his entire body with her marks, claim him entirely as her own.

Her tongue slid across his smooth skin, loving his taste, while biting his skin.

"Heh You know, back then you loved to eat my breasts all the time, such a child you were, my child."

She giggled, licking over his nipple, biting it gently.

While teasing the other with her fingers.

"Do you like it when I do this? Hmm? You can make sounds…" Evelyn spoke, biting again, then caressing with her tongue.

After giving it her attention for a minute but seeing him hold back, Evelyn just smiled, her lips moving down further.

After moving back, she pulled his pant down, as his hard cock shot out.

"Hmm It looks as delicious as I remember, I will take my time to eat your thing, my hubby."

Evelyn muttered, kissing his abs and continuing to move down.

Soon, she sat over his legs, her vagina pressed directly against his feet, it was already quite wet.

She was very excited being so close to her husband, she just wanted to cover him with her scent and kisses.

"Thank you for the meal, my love." Evelyn said, while holding his penis between her palms.

It was her first time actually doing it but it felt really familiar, she perfectly remembered everything about him.

Touching his penis felt both new and reminiscing, in those illusory nine years she had tasted it so many times.

Such things are not done amongst the higher beings, so it gave her a feeling of taboo.

The higher beings don't even have sex as they believe it is something that lowly animals do.

Evelyn believed the same, until she met Vritra.

Even the creation of babies is completely different among the higher beings, they still need a female and male.

But can do it without doing anything sexual.

They are too prideful.

Evelyn was sure that aside from her none of the female higher beings would ever even touch a penis, let alone taste one.

But she just loved his cock so much, even more than his blood.

"My love, you might not remember but once during a challenge, I made you cum more than twenty times with just my mouth, though it took too long."

Evelyn could still remember how bad her jaw and throat hurt after that, though getting to drink his thick milk was so worth it.

"I am starting then…" after announcing softly, her lips pressed against the tip.

An electrifying sensation shot through her body as she felt the wet, hot and slightly soft glans against her lips.

Holding it like some precious treasure in her hands, she planted soft kisses all over the tip, the scent intoxicating her.

Making her feel hungry for more.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios