Chapter 644 Sleepy

Both Vritra and Maeve paused upon hearing the constant thudding, they walked closer to the wall and saw a person striking their head against the wall.

A clear stain of blood could be seen, the two were shocked.

They walked closer and pulled the person back.

It was a man, Vritra focused on his face and felt it was familiar, maybe it was someone he had rescued earlier.

He yawned, but kept staring for a few more minutes.

"You are…?" he asked, the other person's eyes suddenly filled with tears as he began to mutter.

"I- I don't want to live SOB my wife died out there… I SOB" he started crying instantly, appearing pitiful.

Vritra frowned deeply, he tried harder to think and the young face before him seemed more and more familiar.

"Wasn't your name something like… On- honest or something? Hmm you are familiar…" Vritra's eyes narrowed further, straining his brain to the limit.

Then he yawned, and looked at the man with a bloody forehead.

A group of guards attracted by the sound arrived there, they looked quizzically.

They were no longer covered by the shadows so the guards could see them clearly.

Maeve explained the situation.

"Haa. Such situations have happened many times, some people just can't bear the loss of their loved ones and decide to end their lives.

But Sir, you have to live for your son, you can't expect others to take care of him, right?" the soldier said sternly.

Then he faced Vritra and Maeve: "Don't worry, I will bring him back to his tent safely, and we will make sure he doesn't try this again."

"…" Vritra just nodded, but the feeling of unease increased in his heart.

The guards walked away, taking the man along, leaving the two of them.

"Master, let's go back, I too feel this place is weird."

Maeve said, pulling his arm, she wanted to get out of the settlement asap.

Vritra nodded, he looked at the blood stain on the wall then at the sky, where a round moon was visible.

"The moon looks pretty today." He commented, before walking away with Maeve.

A drop of blood dripped from the blood stain, flowing into the drain.

Today there was a new mark on the wall, joining the hundreds of others.

Vritra and Maeve chatted as they walked back towards their tent, planning to leave as soon as tomorrow.

Of course, he still needed to take some important stuff from here, thinking of the uniforms he felt quite excited.

Suddenly, he bumped into someone, shocked that he hadn't noticed a person standing there.

"Sorry." Vritra said, as he continued walking.

"You are back. Honey, did you find something strange?" Vanessa asked, smiling lovingly.

"Hmm I am not really sure. We just saw a man hitting his head on the wall, that certainly is strange." He replied.

After a short talk they decided to go to sleep, walking towards the tent, the group paused outside and just stood there mindlessly.

Their expressions had turned dull.

***

Vritra woke up in the morning, feeling even more exhausted.

Without disturbing his wife he freshened up and then decided to go meet the general.

Upon arriving at Peter's tent he talked with the guard and finally met the general, when he asked for some uniforms, the general agreed with a laugh.

After he selected the uniforms, the general asked him to meet for an important matter.

Vritra agreed but told the general that he needed to have breakfast first.

He planned to leave today itself.

After eating breakfast, Vritra met with Peter where he got to know about the mutant wave that would be arriving soon.

And he decided to help.

They discussed and soon mutants arrived, together they killed all the mutants.

But it already got pretty late so Vritra decided to leave as early as tomorrow.

After eating dinner with his family, he decided to check this camp with Maeve and then…

THUD THUD

***

The feeling of uneasiness in Vritra's heart was pounding wildly, but his body just kept going on, as if following a routine again and again.

There were times when Maeve too felt quite confused, the chain on her wrist flickered but then she would forget everything.

This time again, Vritra and Maeve had gone out at night to check the surrounding.

"We will stay here one more day, there are a few things I need to get from here." Vritra said, thinking of the tight uniforms.

"Hehe. What are you planning, master~" Maeve asked in a playful tone before pausing abruptly, feeling as if she had said this before… many times.

"What's wrong?" Vritra turned to face her, looking at her with worry.

"I…" Maeve's face was full of confusion at first then horror, her lips parted as she quickly muttered something:

"S- Stat che- sta…" she yawned then just smiled and shook her head.

'Stat? what does she mean?' Vritra felt pain in his head, but then they continued.

Meeting a person hitting their head crazily, then going back to sleep.

Meeting Peter, taking uniform, participating in protecting the base again, they got late and decided to leave the next day.

But with each passing day, Vritra was feeling as if his mind was getting cut by knives.

They felt extremely tired as if they haven't taken a whiff of sleep for weeks.

…

This time again he was out with Maeve, observing the surrounding.

"Hehe. What are you planning, master~" Maeve asked in a playful tone before pausing abruptly, feeling as if she had said this before.

"What's wrong?" Vritra turned to face her, looking at her with worry.

"I…" Maeve's face appeared pale, her body shivered.

She quickly took off the chain from her wrist and tied it around Vritra's, as he looked back at her in confusion.

"What are you doing? This was for now." He said but didn't stop her, his bloodshot eyes looking down.

"Master, run-" Maeve suddenly yawned, and smiled, shaking her head she took his hand.

Vritra frowned, he looked down at the chain, and felt as if he was forgetting something or maybe a lot.

'Stat…' one word kept popping in his mind.

As he heard the thudding noise, the uncomfortable feeling heightened greatly.

The chain on his wrist buzzed and glowed faintly, bringing a moment of clarity to his mind.

"Stat!" he remembered suddenly and opened the status panel.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 49.2)

(Agility: 50.9)

(Endurance: 51.3)

(Spiritual: 35.9)

{Free Attribute: 10}

』

All the stats looked exactly the same as before there was no change, he wondered what Maeve meant by this but then his gaze moved to sin points.

{Sin Points: 102,455}

'H- How can there be so many points? didn't we just arrive today? It should've been just 14,000!!' he exclaimed, feeling a strong urge to yawn.

As his thoughts began to turn messy, he hastily gave a couple of commands.

'Add all points to spiritual, draw 500 points rewards… use everything…'

YAWN

And he forgot everything, taking Maeve's hand he started to walk towards the thudding noise.

An ethereal wheel suddenly appeared in front of Vritra, he was confused, wondering if he activated the wheel?

But suddenly he froze as a cool feeling spread across his mind, making him feel relaxed.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...