Chapter 370: The Six Seats

Seven people sat around a big round table inside a large white room where no door or windows were visible.

Their bodies were a complete blur, and it was just impossible to see their actual appearance.

This was the main headquarters of the Golden Moon where the six seats had called a meeting after more than ten years.

Only when something major takes place in the continent would the six seats ever gather.

One of the guys was wearing a white outfit, and aside from his clothes, his body looked completely invisible.

It was the Oracle of the Golden Moon, the fastest person of the six who had a firm grasp over Light. With just a thought, he could turn night into day over a big part of the continent.

He was famous by the name Oracle and the sharpest blade, since with his light attribute and Field he could not only move fast but even cut almost anything.

The Oracle was the brain of the Golden Moon, but when he was young he somehow lost his ability to speak, yet through a miracle or lucky encounter he gained an ability to glimpse into the future or look at places at a vast distance away from his location.

Aside from the six men, a woman was also present there currently.

Although she wasn’t an official seat, she held just as much power in the Golden Moon, but because of her refusal she didn’t become a seat officially.

It was none other than Yennefer who held such a high position in this organisation.

Her body was a red blur, but out of the six, three or four of them couldn’t help but steal glances towards her.

The seven were, of course, aware of each other’s identities, and even outsiders knew about it.

Yet the reason to meet in such a manner was because the information about this meeting couldn’t be leaked.

"So Oracle, why have you called me here this time? Couldn’t you have just handled it yourself?" the oldest man with a frail and trembling body said, his voice sounding sleepy.

"Sir Giant, I am sure you are also aware of the Divine’s announcement." Oracle said.

Despite not being able to speak, his thoughts manifested in the form of words, a useful skill he had long ago.

"Yeah, who could be so ignorant to not have seen that? Even the Gods weren’t left out of it.

So have you found out about this Vritra?" another man spoke, his voice heavy and thick, just like his burly body.

Two among the six were twins from one of the prominent families of the continent, called Tin and Vin. If the two fought together they were just extremely difficult to defeat and even harder to kill.

Their appearance was still that of young men in their twenties despite already having experienced so many centuries. Their nature was quite playboy-like.

"What does the empress have to say about it? It’s been so long since I heard your voice.

Sigh, back in the day we brothers received so many slaps from you that the marks became a permanent tattoo on our cheeks." Tin said, interrupting Oracle in the middle.

"Please don’t interrupt us in the middle, otherwise I will ask Sir Pink to touch you both inappropriately." Oracle said without a change in his tone.

"..." Tin and Vin both glanced towards the pinkish blur; they could almost see the perverted old man dressed in lingerie, making strange gestures.

"Ughh, shut up Tin, and Oracle, I didn’t even speak." Vin said pitifully.

If others were to see the spectacle, they wouldn’t believe that these six were actually the powerful and feared six seats of the Golden Moon, fighting almost like kids.

"Cough, Sir Big Guy, about this matter, I have tried reading the stars a few times and got some important information."

Oracle said, looking at the man with the heavy voice who was called Big Guy, since his normal height was well over three meters.

"Hihi, what a cute boy, I knew you were quite capable, so what are you waiting for? Blessings from this elderly? Fine, go ahead and deal with Vritra, you will succeed.

So are we done here? I have to go back and prepare for my little pumpkin’s birthday." Giant, the old man said, thinking about his grandson’s daughter whose marriage trial was approaching.

"Sir Giant, I know you have other important matters but please don’t think this lightly. It is, after all, related to The Divine!" Big Guy said, his tone heavy and solemn.

Finally, the atmosphere in the white hall turned a little serious; no one could take the Divine’s name lightly.

Clearing her throat, Yennefer spoke: "So the new Divine, Vritra, he is in the White Kingdom? What if this is just some made-up news by those demon lords?"

She was the youngest among all the others present and possessed little knowledge about the Divine, and the ones who knew anything wouldn’t share.

"No, he is already in the continent, in Ghazi City." Oracle said with confidence.

Yennefer didn’t care whether Vritra had any relation to the Divine or not but she was not going to let any of them harm him.

At least this way, she would be sure to protect him as much as she can.

"Oracle, what else have you found?" Pink asked, his voice had a feminine touch to it, as he moved his chair closer to the twins.

"I have thought of all possibilities and peeked into the future but for now there is no way to capture or kill him." Oracle replied.

"Then are you saying we just let him grow? If that announcement was really true, then we can’t even leave Vritra alive for a month.

His growth is already monstrous from what I have heard about him." The big guy said, tension evident in his voice.

"Don’t worry, I am well aware of the danger. Rest assured, I have already devised a net; you just have to do a few things for now." Oracle had very high intelligence. In the past, only because of him the continent had survived many dangers.

So all the members trusted him completely. Aside from the old man called Giant, all others wouldn’t use their brains and would just follow his orders.

"For now, Tin and Vin, you two should go and watch over the Midnight party." Oracle added.

’Midnight Party...?’ Yennefer pondered, but Vritra didn’t seem to have any relation with that place.

It was the biggest black market in the entire continent, located at the boundary of Ghazi City. Most of the criminals could casually be found there.

"Okay boss, but wouldn’t it be better if we know what we are looking for?" Vin said, looking at the empress from the side of his eyes.

"Just stay there for a while, you will know when the time comes." Oracle said, giving no further explanations.

"That will be all for now, I will send more information and details of the plan separately to you all." This way even if any of them tried to betray, he would still be in control.

"Haha, Lad, good job as always. If you were any younger I might have just married my cute butterfly to you." Giant said.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...