Chapter 696 Loser

"How dare you look at me?! You bloody bastards, I am going to gouge out your eyes!" one of the men in the circle suddenly screamed.

Then he pounced onto another, his thumbs piercing into the eye sockets, as the other guy screamed.

Morgan, terrified, kicked the attacker outside as several beasts suddenly clutched his body.

As he screamed, he was torn into several pieces and devoured.

"When can we sob l- leave, I don't want any treasure- You fucking bastards, the treasure is only mine, I am going to- sob I- please let me out, I am sorry."

"Aghhhhhhh how dare you cheat on me you bitch, you thought I was not man enough? Die die!" another man screamed, strangling another guy.

"Khkkk- You pig, o- open your eyes ughh I am not your w- wife cough"

As more time passed they were really going crazy.

Already five of them were dead.

Vritra's right hand swung in a semi circle, cutting the body of one beast from the waist in half.

Thankfully his strength and stamina were both pretty high, allowing him to fight them off easily.

But these creatures were growing too fast, it was becoming difficult to face the entire horde.

'I just need to kill 107 of them, just a little more…' Vritra thought, his body moving faster and faster.

He didn't care about the strikes landing on his body, striking back with even more power.

Blood was splashing all around but not a single drop fell over his body.

Blades kept shooting into the eyes of the beasts, blinding them, and hitting their weak spots.

'Hundred… seven more!' he thought, as only ten seconds remained, this was enough time.

Evelyn stood there with a faint smile, her arms crossed.

She had such a royal aura around her, she might be acting all lovey dovey with Vritra.

But even the gods would shiver in front of her, as the gods are nothing more than pets for the higher beings.

Destroying an entire planet was as easy as blinking for her, without even doing anything she exuded such a strong aura.

Like someone untouchable, someone dominating and ruthless.

And since she wanted him, there was no way she would ever let him go.

Evelyn had done so much to bring Vritra here, of course she couldn't control everything in his life.

She could only give him all the opportunities, if Vritra had not done all that, had not suffered all that, even the opportunities would be meaningless.

She looked proudly and adoringly at her husband, looking at him fight from so close was sending butterflies in her stomach.

Just a little longer, and she would marry him again.

That is unchangeable, not her family, not anyone else, not even Vritra can change that.

"Keep going my love, just 8 more to go!" she cheered, to her he looked so cool.

Vritra ignored her words, as he just focused on killing but…

He needed to kill just seven more, right? or was it eight?

He suddenly became confused, but his hands didn't stop.

'Whatever, I can kill a few extra, right? Hmm what was the bet again?' Vritra frowned, as he quickly slaughtered the creatures.

'One hundred eight! I did it!' he thought, as he cut off the head of the final beast.

"Yay! I won!" Evelyn clapped happily, as again a circle appeared around them and the beasts were pushed back.

"Huh? What? I just killed 108 beasts, didn't I win? Now can you leave?" he asked, calming his breathing.

"Uh huh you are wrong, did you forget I said exactly 107 of these creatures, sigh you killed one extra my love. Now as the loser, you need to listen to me."

She spoke, her lips curling up into a beautiful but smug smile.

Vritra was even more confused, how could he have just forgotten such a small thing within minutes?

"You cheated, didn't you?!" he finally realized, and shook his head.

"Nope, I won't agree to this bet since you cheated, now leave."

"Hehe that's not cheating, that's just withholding a certain piece of information. I never denied I wouldn't interfere in the match." Evelyn shrugged her shoulders.

In her long white dress, she looked too outstanding, if it was some man Vritra would have already broken open their head.

And she was too strong.

"In any case, I have won. Whether you want it or not, you have to fulfil your side of the bet." Evelyn spoke firmly.

Even if it is her husband, she wouldn't allow him to break his promise like this.

Vritra: "…"

Why was this woman so hard to communicate with? No matter what she would do what she wanted.

"Fine, tell me what do you want me to do? What game?" he asked, massaging his forehead, after putting away the dual swords.

"Heh you enjoy playing naughty games quite a lot, don't you? Let's play one similar to the one you played with Fiona." She spoke, smiling mischievously.

Vritra remembered the lewd game he had played with the redhead, it was before they had gotten into a relationship.

"You want me to pleasure you?" he asked, looking strangely at her.

"That can wait my love, but for now the roles will be reversed.

I will be the one pleasuring you, and if you make a sound, you will have to start referring to me as wife, okay?" she explained.

"A bet in a bet? Just why won't you leave…?" Vritra realized he had fallen into her unavoidable trap.

His wives were all just outside the doors and here he was with another woman, yet again, he wasn't at fault.

'Hmm wait, what if I lose right at the start? Can't I just end it all instantly?

As for calling her wife, I just won't talk to her.' Vritra thought, he had found the perfect solution.

Smiling at the higher being, he spread his arms and spoke: "Sure, go ahead and make me feel good."

Evelyn couldn't help but chuckle, stepping closer as she touched his cheeks, muttering: "My sly hubby, I can clearly read what you are thinking-"

"Hmm oh no, I made a sound, you won. Game over, right? Can you leave now?" he said, stepping back.

As Evelyn just stood there with her arms raised, giggling to herself, how much she had missed his jokes all this time.

Only he could make her smile or laugh like that, he was the one to bring colors into her life.

Earlier there was just one meaning to her life, getting out of her family's grasp and control.

But only after those nine years did she have another goal, to make him hers and spend her entire life with him.

"Hmm?" Vritra tilted his head, wondering why she was laughing.

He had forgotten one thing though. Her game, her rules.

Poor Vritra was bound to be subjected to mind bending pleasure by this unbelievably beautiful woman.

If it was before, even he would have just enjoyed it but now he didn't really plan on marrying any more women.

The seven were already enough, he had seen what sort of troubles having so many women could bring.

"Of course, such a fake sound doesn't count and along with calling me wife, if you make a sound, I will immediately bring you to my family."

Evelyn realized she had to raise the conditions to stop him from admitting defeat.

Vritra: "…"

"And how long does the game last?" Vritra questioned, feeling a headache.

"Hmm let's say… 10 minutes? Just enjoy for 10 minutes without making any sound and you win." She replied honestly.

"Anything you are hiding from me this time? Can't we just do something else?" Vritra asked, wondering if karma was striking back now.

He had made Fiona agree to that bet back then, even though she didn't want to play that game.

And now the same was happening.

"No and no, by something else do you mean that? Are you that eager to go all the way, my love?" she asked, looking at him with lovestruck eyes.

"Fine, but do you want to play the game here? While being surrounded by these creatures?" Vritra looked at all the blood thirsty gazes.

Those beasts kept trying to break in.

He was no fan of exhibitionism, in fact, he found it disgusting.

"Of course not, I know everything you like and hate, don't you worry we can just move to a special place." As she spoke, Evelyn snapped her fingers.

Instantly the scenery around them changed.

They arrived in a garden that stretched for as far as one could see, it was full of beautiful colorful flowers.

Near the center was a gazebo with a bed inside, everything looked so exquisite.

Vritra would have really loved this sight if not for the strange situation he was in.

His wives were thinking he was fighting against the monsters while he was here with another woman about to play some lewd game.

'Divine, how could you do this to your sisters? To your own brother in law?

You didn't even warn me about her.' Vritra thought, inhaling the sweet fragrance of the flowers.

"Sigh it was her who introduced you to me, I got a bit greedy and made you enter my sisters' fate, to protect them.

Nothing I can do against her, I am really sorry but you will have to endure this. I will help you later with my sisters so they don't stop your eighth marriage."

Divine said seriously, then he just cut off the connection.

Leaving Vritra on his own, he had already made some promises with Evelyn, so he couldn't interfere with their love life.

"Now, my love, it is time. Let's begin the game!" Evelyn spoke as she gently pushed Vritra onto the bed, before climbing up.

'Huh? Why does it feel time is moving slower here?' these were Vritra's last thoughts.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios