Chapter 394: Caring Brother

A pillar of white light appeared around Griffith and in an instant it had swallowed him, making him disappear.

...

A man in disheveled appearance hastily ran towards the newly building palace.

After arriving there, he rushed in to meet the emperor.

"Griffith, what happened to you?" Darius shouted, standing up instantly with great concern in his eyes.

"Brother, I- I saw Vritra Arclis just now, h- he was outside the Ghazi city, in the forest.

He is actually a demon—" Griffith was panting heavily as he explained everything.

"But how did you escape from there?" Darius asked, giving him some water to drink.

GULP

"I- I used the scroll... I took from your inventory, it allowed me to teleport directly close to you."

Griffith said, he was happy just to be alive now; as for any punishment he would happily take it.

"What if you didn’t have that scroll? You shouldn’t have gone in such danger, you know how much I care for you, right? Did you have any other way to escape?"

Darius asked, hugging his brother tightly.

Griffith’s heart was filled with warmth; he never knew his elder brother actually cared so much for him.

He was really happy to have gotten such a brother and sister-in-law, even though he hated them a lot initially.

"Don’t worry brother, I had dozens of ways to escape even if he had locked the surrounding and the space." Griffith said with a big smile, holding his brother’s arm.

Remembering that demonic presence, the aura emanating around Vritra, still made him shiver.

He had stopped his attack with just a finger.

"Oh right, brother, he isn’t as weak as we all believe—" Griffith was explaining when he was interrupted.

"Before that, show it to me, what are your escaping options? I need to be sure that you are always protected; I will even give you more treasures after checking them." Darius said.

Griffith felt immense love for his brother; with a hurried nod, he began to pull one treasure after another.

Each of them was very precious and belonged to the emperor’s personal treasury; no matter what sort of danger he faced, it was near impossible for him to die with them all.

"Good job, little brother, but is that all? Don’t hide anything from me, I am asking for your own good." Darius said solemnly.

"Yes brother, that’s all." Griffith replied, wondering what sort of new treasures he was going to get now.

"Alright then, now it is time for you to die."

Just as Darius spoke these words, the illusion around them began to break apart and Griffith once again found himself standing in the same space.

The demonic figure gazing at him with those glowing red eyes, Maeve laughing at him as if he was some sort of fool while two strange voices seemed to be mocking him from the distance.

Trall and Fratty were both laughing at the prince who seemed even stupider than their general.

"W- What’s... going on? Didn’t I just escape? There is no way you c- could’ve stopped that scroll!" Griffith’s body suddenly turned cold and fear gripped him.

He had just opened and showed all his escape routes and treasures.

He gazed around and then his eyes focused on the scroll that had been frozen in the sky; it wasn’t only locked by the space but even time.

"H- How can you control two principles? It doesn’t seem to be a skill..." Griffith’s body was shivering, as Vritra seemed more monstrous by the second.

He had never heard of a person who possessed two Fields.

"Enough with that, let’s fight." Vritra said, taking a step forward; the demonic energy was distorting the air.

"N- No please spare me, I- I will be your slave. I am begging you, we don’t even have any sort of conflict b- between us, please I will do whatever you want. I will even be your agent, your slave, j- just let me live."

Without wasting a heartbeat, Griffith knelt in the air and began to beg.

{Sin Point Gained: Begged +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Feared +4}

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +5}

...

Griffith continued to beg as he secretly pulled out a dagger from his storage and with a burst of energy he slashed it at the air.

This was also one of his greatest treasures; this knife doesn’t even need to make direct contact as long as the enemy was within range; even if you slash in the opposite direction you would be able to hurt him.

"Die you bastard!!" With all his might and expanding a vast amount of his energy he swung the knife, hoping to cut Vritra into pieces.

After the first slash he didn’t wait to see the effect and continued to swing his hand again and again.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

The deadly attack continued for over a couple of minutes. In that time, Griffith had exerted more than eighty percent of his energy and was covered in sweat.

"Hahaha Did you think I huff huff am powerless? I am fucking Griffith, the prince of the Quartz continent. I am neither a eunuch nor a lapdog for my brother, I am going to slaughter you all!"

Only after his hand felt like breaking from the over exertion, did the prince finally stop; he was breathing very heavily.

Leaning forward, he placed his hands over his knees to take some rest and finally looked at Vritra.

The demon whose body was bursting out with purple energy stood perfectly fine; even the body suit he was wearing had tiny cuts on it but they disappeared within moments.

"Hmm is that all?" Vritra asked, tilting his head with a bored expression.

Since Griffith was going to die anyway, he thought to make the most of it and let him increase the charged fist’s percentage a little.

But his strength was too low. Even after all those attacks, it didn’t increase by much.

"H- How... how can you still be fine? This is just impossible. Sob Please spare me... I was a fool, I had gone mad, please just this once sob."

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +1}

Vritra shook his head; this guy was too spineless.

He had wasted enough time, and the sight of this disgusting creature was only making his blood boil.

All the anger Vritra was feeling exploded at once; his veins bulged and several skills like Shift, Forbidden, Blood Lock were activated at once.

Vritra’s body disappeared, freezing Griffith with dread. His vision was instantly covered by darkness as a heart wrenching scream rang out.

After taking his own dagger, Vritra stabbed at the empty air twice, as the squishing sound of both his eyeballs bursting rang out.

Throwing the knife into the inventory, Vritra flashed behind Griffith, his nails grew slightly becoming pointy and very sharp.

Then he plunged all ten of his fingers into Griffith’s throat and with a loud roar, shaking the space, he ripped away at his flesh.

From his neck to his chest, Vritra tore him apart before punching Griffith’s back with all his strength, blasting a massive hole in his torso.

"Ahhhhhh COUGH COUGH Krrrkkhhh S- Sav... Helllpp- ughhhh cough" he kept choking on his own blood, his body hitting the ground and bouncing back.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...