Chapter 76: Helping Suckubus Mommy-2 [R-18]

The more Vritra made love with his mother’s body, the more he craved her, and the hesitation gradually began to disappear between the pair.

After her neck was covered in his mark, Vritra’s lips slid further down to her cleavage; he continued to kiss her buttery skin, all to prepare for their end goal.

His member down there was already at full length, rubbing against her thighs as he moved down; Vritra gently held her large boobs, feeling the flesh overflowing from between his fingers—exceedingly soft.

He bit the milky skin of her left boob, sucking on it as his teeth sank a bit into her flesh.

"Ahhhh~ H- Honey, be a little gentler hnnnn~" Vanessa moaned, as her body arched and her chest rose slightly.

Vritra continued to kiss and bite her milky skin, licking the sweet flesh as even her boobs were soon covered in red bite marks; Vanessa felt as if he was marking her body as his own territory. She knew there was no going back after this.

One thing she knew certainly was that after the connection between them was formed and she had obtained his crest, things might get even more steamy, and who knows how it would evolve in the future.

’Haa, why is this taboo thing feeling so good? This is so wrong, he is my son yet my body wants him so badly...’ Vanessa hugged his head tightly, her fingers combing through his long, smooth hair.

Vritra kissed and bit the soft melons; it felt incredibly good to pull in that soft flesh and suck on it. His tongue licked her smooth skin as he soon covered the creamy mounds in kiss marks all over.

Finally, he pulled his mouth away and glanced down at her beautiful pair of bunnies. Just applying a little bit of pressure from his hands easily distorted their figures— it was like softness was overflowing from those two mountains.

Taking a breath, he brought his face close to her boobs again. Vritra first gave a light lick to her pink bud before stuffing it into his mouth, his lips circling around the areola.

"Haaaaaah~ Y- Yes, just keep going, it feels mmm~ so good— cough— I- I mean huff, everything is going p- perfectly. Ahhh~"

Vritra suddenly bit her nipple. The pink tip was still soft; squeezing it between his teeth gave a very satisfactory feeling.

He rubbed his tongue against her nipple and poked it with the tip of his tongue, while sucking it with constant pressure.

He squeezed the pink bud between his tongue and the upper part of his mouth, squeezing it directly and feeling the nipple hardening in his mouth.

Then suddenly, Vritra felt something warm drip onto his tongue. It was only a drop at first, but it still felt so warm and sweet, making him pause for a moment as he remembered that she was lactating for some reason—but Vritra could understand the reason behind it.

"That must be because of her Succubus Queen physique. Her bodily fluids will have various effects like additional experience points, arousal, and so on. All in all, it is very healthy for you to drink.

But I wonder what my mother-in-law added to the food you ate before, hehe~" Yasmine chuckled after speaking. Vritra again ignored his pervy wife.

He wondered how the same cold and dangerous Dragon Queen could be acting like this. What could have changed her so much?

As the drop of milk touched Vritra’s tongue, his taste buds instantly exploded with sweetness. He had drunk this milk before, and he liked it so much that he had asked for several more glasses. Now it made sense why Vanessa was so flustered when he asked for more.

Throwing all these thoughts away, he focused on the task at hand—or rather, the task at mouth— that was to enjoy her milk— cough— to help his poor and hot succubus mommy, as the most diligent and filial son.

Vritra doubled down his efforts as he sucked even harder and continued to nibble on her nipple. He even used his lips to squeeze part of her boob as he relentlessly sucked her nipple with consistent motions.

Soon another drop of her hot milk leaked out of the nipple and fell on his tongue, then another and another... Soon, under the constant suction from Vritra, a weak jet of the sultry fluid shot out into his mouth.

SLURP SLURP

"Mmmmmph~ haaaaaaaa~ Hmmmm~ huff huff ahhh~" Vanessa felt very good as milk began to flow out of her body at a constant pace under her hardworking son’s persistent sucking. She couldn’t describe how great it felt as a large amount of milk began to flow out of the tip of her nipples.

Plus, her son was drinking the fluid made in her body—in her boobs... Doing the same when he was little was nothing like this. His lips, tongue, and teeth made her body squirm in pleasure.

Her face reddened as she opened her eyes and saw him gulping so much of her milk, his lips tightly wrapped around the areola while his throat moved constantly.

GULP~ GULP~ GULP~

Vritra was surprised as waves of milk flooded into his mouth after just a few minutes of drinking. His mouth was suddenly filled with sweet, hot milk— the more he drank, the hungrier he felt.

He completely ignored the system messages that kept pouring out right now—not only sin points but also the addition of experience points from drinking this milk.

Like a child, Vritra continued to suckle on her nipples, feeling the flood of milk sliding down his throat and then settling in his belly, spreading a comforting warmth through his body.

He kept teasing her nipple with his tongue, tasting this incredible fluid. His tongue was completely drenched in that creamy, warm milk, as he lapped at it with even more hunger.

While continuing with his mouth, Vritra held her right boob in his hand and continued to massage it as his right hand slid down her belly and slowly approached her vagina, feeling her hot, smooth skin along the way.

He was quite nervous— this was the first time he was going to touch a woman’s private place, after all, and this special place belonged to none other than his mother. How could he not be nervous?

His explorative fingers gradually made their way down to her pussy. After touching around, Vritra’s mouth paused for a moment as he opened his eyes and mumbled in surprise.

"I- Iks wek?"

Both Vanessa and Yasmine understood what he said—his fingers had just touched her glistening petal that was completely wet in her hot nectar.

Vanessa’s face became red like a tomato. She felt ashamed at getting wet by her own son—even though that exactly was the purpose of all their preparations. She slightly panicked as she uselessly tried to make excuses.

"T- That’s water, it’s wet because of the bath..."

For a moment, Vritra pulled the nipple out of his mouth as he looked at his panicked mother with a smile and, while holding back his laughter, he asked:

"You mean, the bath you took in the morning?"

______________

Thanks for reading...