Chapter 163: And the battle ends...

Just as both the parts of Blunder’s body disappeared, Vritra could no longer hold on as he coughed out purple-colored blood and his body fell to the ground. The demonic energy was going berserk again, and he urgently needed to shut the demon lord’s core.

But before that, he had a bit more work to do. He pushed his body off the ground with difficulty and then scanned the large space with his black eyes.

The two men from the Bone Blood Cult were continuing to heal as they lay there silently. More than twenty thousand men were dead from Bone Blood Cult and the Nine Pacts.

Some distance away, a group of more than twenty men lay unconscious. This was the group that Vritra had brought along on the journey—the guards and the coachmen. They had somehow survived the entire battle, but under Vritra’s suffocating aura, they had long since fallen unconscious.

The escaping enemies had no interest in going back to check or attack Vritra; they had already traveled a long distance, so they weren’t a threat.

The only danger remaining right now were the two men who lay in pieces. Vritra held his breath as he dragged his body forward.

Upon arriving in front of the two men who looked at him in horror and with pleading eyes, Vritra first stabilized his swaying body. Then he extended both hands toward the two.

Blue energy rushed out of his hands wildly as it consumed the two men. Their screams reverberated across the entire place as every piece of their bodies began to melt and got destroyed under the destructive energy.

Vritra had reduced the amount of energy he was drawing back from 2% to 1%; that was why he was able to hold on for a few more seconds. He continued to burn their bodies until their bodies had died and their breathing stopped.

At that moment, two white wisps of energy shot out of their bodies. It was their souls, and they were still trying to escape in this form. Vritra focused his mind on the two souls as the third eye opened on his forehead.

Vritra swayed backward as he shot a mental attack at both of them. The souls trembled, but after a slight pause, they continued to fly. But Vritra launched one attack after another even as his body grew paler and he began to bleed even more.

But his soul was still much weaker than those people. His mental attack wasn’t having much of an effect on them except for slowing them down a bit and making them exhausted.

Seeing that Vritra’s attacks were ineffective against them, the two men were overjoyed. Even though the destruction of their bodies was a great loss, if they could survive, then everything would be fine.

Just then, another heavy presence appeared.

"Let me handle them."

Yasmine’s voice sounded as she flew out of Vritra’s body in her enormous dragon form. Just her sight and presence froze the two men—they were completely baffled by the sight of such a majestic dragon.

"A d-dragon? How can this be p-possible?" the first man asked as his soul was frozen and wouldn’t budge no matter how much he tried.

"Just how many secrets is h-he hiding in his body? A demon and now a dragon? Who did our maniac leader offend exactly? Can’t he c-choose his targets more wisely?" the other soul spoke in fear, their soul bodies shivering.

ROOOOOAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR

Yasmine let out an explosive roar that shook even the people who were trying to escape. Any thought left of going back after a while was instantly crushed. They didn’t want to go anywhere near that demon—ever.

A wave of invisible energy shot out of Yasmine’s body as it hit the two souls again and again, gradually weakening them greatly. Killing them was not hard for her, but it wouldn’t really give her any benefit as her level was already too high and it was her husband’s prey.

So, she looked back at Vritra. After staring at his strange state, she just said two words before disappearing:

"Kill them."

Vritra locked onto the two souls and again launched a wave of mental attacks at them from his Nether Eye. This time, his attacks were very effective as the two souls screamed and began to burn up.

After a few seconds, the souls were finally destroyed as several messages popped in front of Vritra. The Elegy Parasite was about to disappear, but just before leaving, it scanned the entire place one more time and could only see thousands of corpses around him.

With a thought, he stored all the corpses in his inventory—even the two men who were at the 2nd Legion rank, which means above level two thousand.

Finally, he locked away the demonic energy and fell back, his body too injured and completely exhausted. His long white hair stuck to his bloodied body. There were so many injuries all over, and his condition was very bad.

He had fallen unconscious as Elegy Parasite disappeared. All the danger had been taken care of.

Yasmine observed Vritra silently. The moment Vritra died, the confines set by him had been undone. But the shock was so much that she had fainted, and when she woke up, Vritra had just torn Blunder in two.

She was angry at him for locking her away when he was suffering so much, but she still couldn’t leave her husband in the open like that. So, she scanned the surroundings and soon found a cave within the forest, where some animals lived.

Yasmine looked at the unconscious men in the distance. She wondered if she should kill them all—after all, they might have seen Vritra in his demonic form.

And she had even sensed that one or two of them had woken up and were just pretending to be asleep when she came out just now. But she had made them unconscious again, so they didn’t see her.

But after thinking for a moment, she decided not to. They might spread news about Vritra, about him being a demon or demon lord in the making or whatnot. But several other men had also seen that. There was no point in killing them, as that work could be done by Bone Blood Cult or Nine Pacts as well.

So she came out of Vritra’s body again. Her heart ached as she looked at his bruised and battered body. Wrapping herself around him carefully, the small white dragon flew away hastily.

Yasmine scared away the demons living in that cave with her aura and gently put down Vritra. She pulled healing potions from his inventory and began to feed him one bottle after another.

’He had lost a lot of life energy...’ Yasmine thought while looking at his white hair. But she wasn’t much worried about this aspect. Such a thing could be taken care of with potions, treasure, or if he breaks through the Legion rank.

And not to mention his godly skill that is like his sugar mummy, always giving him whatever he needs whenever he needs. She was sure that soon the condition of his body will be scanned by Mutamorphis, and his healing skill will evolve.

"Sigh, what an abnormality you are, hubby..."

Yasmine shook her head as she continued to stare at Vritra, who seemed to have changed a lot in such a short time.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...