Chapter 307: Writ

Vritra and Yasmine read the skill description, the name was rather strange but from the description, it was obvious that Dust Manipulation had grown significantly.

After scanning his surroundings once, Vritra snapped his fingers and in the next instant, everything around him crumbled into dust.

Whether it was trees, rocks, insects, or anything else, he could change it as he wished, and with another snap of his fingers, everything returned to normal.

"Whoa, not only can I affect my surroundings to such a large extent, but the biggest changes happened in my body.

Hmm, it says most attacks will be useless against me now. And the name Zombie, is it like infecting others and making them crumble into dust or something?"

Vritra wondered, but unfortunately, he didn’t have any target for practice currently.

Vritra’s body broke into countless dust particles that spread over a large distance, and Vritra’s consciousness was actually present all over the space.

It was a lot different and more powerful—Body of Dust.

After doing a few more tests he decided to upgrade his next skill, and Vritra’s gaze moved straight towards the Forbidden skill, one of his greatest abilities.

"Let’s see what sort of route this skill will take." Vritra muttered and used 20 million points to upgrade Forbidden as he landed on the ground.

[Upgrading Forbidden.]

[Process: 0%]

[1%]

...

A strange sort of pressure descended upon the surroundings as if everything was bound by thick iron chains, almost like everything had become a slave who couldn’t refuse any command.

The percentage rose quickly and within a few minutes—

[100%]

[Upgrade Complete.]

[You have obtained the skill Forbidden: Writ!!]

Finally, the oppressive feeling from the surroundings disappeared.

Vritra focused on the new messages and saw that unlike Switch, there was a change in the name of this skill.

He directly opened the status panel and read the new description.

『

[Forbidden]

(Skill Description):A forbidden law shall remain non-existent. It allows you to seal a single core concept or attribute from up to five targets, rendering it null and unusable or five concepts on a single target.

The chosen concept may be physical, mental, or abstract. Once sealed, the target suffers complete loss of that function until the effect ends or is broken.

Effects and duration are based on your Intelligence stat.

You can rewrite a fundamental concept within the battlefield itself. The chosen writ/command alters how reality functions for all caught within its range.

Duration and effectiveness depend on Intelligence stat. The writ has certain restrictions.

』

Vritra and Yasmine read the skill description in silence.

The first part of the skill was the same as before, except that now he could seal attributes or concepts of five people instead of just one.

It was already quite a nice jump.

But the next part of the skill confused the two—writ and altering fundamental concepts—it sounded a bit complicated.

"It does sound great, but how does it exactly work and what are its limitations? Will the enemies just stop breathing if you create a law like that?" Yasmine questioned.

"That would be great, but I doubt it could work like that. Let’s test it out and check." Vritra said.

Although there was no one around, he decided to use the trees themselves as his targets.

"Forbid Writ: Darkness turns into Weightlessness."

[Forbidden Activated!!]

WHOOSH WHOOSH

At first, everything seemed the same but in the next moment, almost everything in the Night Forest several kilometers around Vritra started floating upwards.

The trees became weightless and swung heavily with just the slightest breeze.

Since he was using it for the first time, Vritra forgot to control the range, and the skill affected an area of more than ten kilometers around him.

Even inside the White Kingdom, people who were sleeping in dark rooms suddenly found their bodies, beds, and everything in the room floating.

Vritra canceled the skill hastily, and with a loud thud, everything fell down. A large amount of his mana was depleted, but it regenerated quickly.

"Oh, that was a bit dangerous." Taking a deep breath, Vritra controlled his excitement and reminded himself to be more careful.

"Woah!! This skill just became a hundred or even thousands of times bigger cheat. You could literally dominate an entire battlefield with this skill and your creativity." Yasmine spoke in awe.

Vritra imagined all the ways he could use it—alter orientation laws, perception laws, bodily functions, other concepts, and so much more.

The more Vritra thought about it, the more baffled he became.

"Just to make sure, let’s try something that Forbidden couldn’t do before." Vritra thought, and after adjusting the targeting distance he muttered—

"Forbid Writ: Stones attract water!!"

[Forbidden Activated.]

SKRRRAAACK

Just as the skill was activated, within a range of ten meters everything became chaotic. All the stones turned into super magnets that attracted water towards them.

Vritra wasn’t affected by any of it in the least, but the moisture in the air and the water present in the trees were instantly pulled towards the stones.

The trees became dry instantly, the bark and veins split apart, and the sky faintly became clear within that range.

"Oh!! This is so fucking great, haha I want to fight someone so badly." He was truly happy, even more than with Dust Manipulation.

After reeling in the wonderful feeling for a while, Vritra shifted his focus away from the OP Forbidden skill and focused on the status panel once again.

"Heh, now which skill should I upgrade?" There was a big smile on his face as he scanned the status panel and finally selected the next skill.

Blood Lock!!

Vritra immediately used 20 million sin points to upgrade the Blood Lock skill, another of his deadly abilities that could allow him to kill opponents a lot stronger than him.

[Upgrading Blood Lock.]

[Process: 0%]

[1%]

...

A bloody scent and mist filled the air, the darkness itself started to look red.

It didn’t take long for the skill to finish its upgrade.

[100%]

[Upgrade Complete.]

[You have obtained the skill...]

"Mmm, so this is the scent of richness." Vritra said as he breathed in the sweet smell that surrounded him out of nowhere. It was quite pleasant to breathe.

"Huh, what smell?" Yasmine asked as she sensed that something was wrong, but before she could react, a big change occurred.

***

Yennefer wanted to follow Vritra but she had recently found leads about the demon lord she had been searching for so long, so she headed out to the Night Forest.

No matter how much she tried, there was just no clue about the demon lord’s current whereabouts.

The case was quite similar to the king of the White Kingdom—that was one of her reasons to stay in the kingdom.

She had sent away Han to search another place. She didn’t really like having him or the emperor around. Just while she was searching, she sensed some sort of commotion from the distance in the Night Forest.

After a moment, she decided to head there. For some reason, she had a strange feeling about going to this place.

She carefully observed the forest while flying, but even she failed to notice the trap set up by the Bone Blood Cult and demons for her.

Just as Yennefer was about to arrive at that place, something huge appeared in the sky.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...