Chapter 35: Genius?

It was around evening when Vritra decided to meet with Diana again and talk about a few important things, so he directly headed towards the temple. As he walked towards his destination, he attracted many gazes along the way.

With his current looks, he could be said to be amongst the top ten on Earth; similarly, his brain and physique—everything developed on their own, reaching the peak.

After entering the temple, he didn’t pay any attention to others. Just as he had started to climb the stairs, the same priest called out from behind: "Where are you going?"

"To the heavens," Vritra replied, as he glanced back.

"Are you going to meet the goddess?" the priest ignored his sarcastic words and asked.

"Oh, you can guess? I thought I had you fooled. Anyway, go get back to your work. The goddess asked me to meet her." While speaking, he looked at the middle-aged priest with ridicule, as if looking at an idiot.

Then he turned and began to climb, ignoring the fuming priest. After reaching the 1st floor, he looked towards the balcony and didn’t see Diana there, so he headed directly towards her room.

The door was closed. Without any warning, he pushed open the door and walked inside.

Diana, who was sitting on the chair and staring at an object in front of her, was startled. She almost jumped and launched an attack but stopped at the last second upon seeing the hateful face of her sworn enemy.

Very few people had the authority to enter her room, and even they wouldn’t enter without permission, so she was really shocked; the goddess had almost forgotten that she had now become a slave.

"Let’s go, I need a few—hmm, what is that?" Vritra paused his speech and looked at the ancient box lying on the table in front of Diana.

It was completely black in color and its size was nearly an arm’s length—just enough to fit two human heads inside. There were no signs from where it could be opened, and on the top there were several hundred square puzzle pieces that could be shifted around to solve the puzzle.

It was like a classic puzzle where only one tile was missing, so that greatly limited the changes one could make. And on each tile, strange and ancient-looking characters were written.

"Ah, this... I am not exactly sure, but it had stayed in our temple for a long time. We had even forgotten how we had obtained it, but no one was able to open it," Diana answered while keeping her gaze on the box.

Vritra walked up to her and then looked at the box. After staring at the letters on the complex tiles, he seemed to recognize one or two of them, so he sat beside Diana and questioned,

"Are these ancient language characters?"

"Yeah. To be exact, these characters belong to the Minoan Crete language—belonging to a historic civilization even before this kingdom was established. So, the mystery of this box is very tempting, but this language hasn’t been completely deciphered yet.

So despite all the efforts, this box remains closed. Even the king had spent a lot of resources, but no one was able to do much. So, there is really no hope." Because of her interest in the box, Diana even forgot that she was talking to someone she hates the most.

"Is that so?" Vritra frowned. He remembered only seeing a couple of these characters in a book he had read in his mother’s room, but this thing was extremely complex.

’Yasmine, do you have any idea about this language?’ he asked. Vritra too was curious what could be inside such a box.

"I did read many languages before and a little about this one too, but this puzzle is very complex even for people who have perfect knowledge of this language. Many characters are just there for confusion and didn’t need to be there, but let’s try sharing our knowledge," Yasmine replied.

"Let me give it a try. I have been reading books about ancient languages for some time now." Vritra said and pulled the box in front of him.

Diana snorted, as if just reading some books for a short time would be enough; if he could open it, then she would willingly become his slave.

Vritra focused completely on the letters and discussed them with Yasmine in his mind. After more than fifteen minutes passed in silence, he asked:

"Is this something related to Sin?"

"Oh?!! Y–You could decipher it?" Diana was shocked. There were a few words related to the mystery of this box that had been passed down to her, like Sin and Divine, but she hadn’t told Vritra anything about it. She really wondered if he could open it.

"Let me give it a try," Vritra said and began to shift the tiles around with full concentration, while Diana watched in full concentration.

...

After over half an hour had passed, Vritra was finally done with it. After pushing the last piece, he sat back as the three people stared intently at the box.

Nothing happened for a few seconds.1...2...3...Just as Diana was about to complain—BOOM!!

Black smoke flew everywhere and covered the two of them. The box remained shut tight, but the explosion was quite small and didn’t harm them.

"COUGH COUGH I told you I had started reading books just recently—COUGH—what did you expect," Vritra spoke as he coughed and fanned the smoke away with his hand.

"COUGH COUGH," Diana coughed as well and looked at him. She almost believed that he could open it. As the two glanced at each other, both of them were covered in black color. Diana laughed at him first, then seeing that she was also a victim, she got angry and stomped her feet and ran into the bathroom.

This just wasn’t her day.

"This thing is really difficult to open, but I have a feeling that you could find something good inside, so let’s bring it along," Yasmine suggested.

Vritra nodded and waited. After Diana came out, he went to take a bath in her bathroom as well, even though the goddess wanted to reject it at first.

After a few minutes, Vritra asked the goddess about taking the box for now; of course she rejected at first, but when he asked in a more kind tone and with more intimacy, she finally agreed, and he put it in his inventory.

After storing the box in the storage, Vritra looked at her and spoke, "I need a few potions, so let’s go to the royal potion inventory."

"Just tell me about the ones you need, and I will ask someone to bring them here," Diana spoke. She was quite mad about everything that happened today, but since this box couldn’t be opened, it was pretty much useless.

"No, I need to select a few on my own. Let’s go," he said again.

"Sigh... fine. There are all kinds of potions, you can ask me if you are confused about anything. A- And don’t make me do anything weird outside. I even followed your orders," Diana spoke, her brows furrowing slightly.

__________

Thanks for reading...