Chapter 167: Just let me handle everything...

Vritra and Monk Shitless walked towards the door. They stepped into the line, and with a confident smile on his face, the monk turned back to look at Vritra and spoke:

"Pitiful one, let me handle this one. You just stand and watch. I will bring you inside safely and respectfully, hehe, I am an expert when it comes to acting."

"...Okay." Vritra said with a skeptical look. He had some doubt about this strange monk who definitely chose the wrong profession.

***

After thirty minutes...

Hundreds of guards were running through the streets of the first city in the Blue Kingdom; they carried all kinds of weapons as they angrily ran behind two people while roaring wildly.

"You damned baldy, what the hell was that? Didn’t you say you would handle it?" Vritra scolded while standing beside Monk Shitless on the bull’s back.

"I-I tried my best." Monk Shitless said fearfully, while looking at the wave of guards that ran toward them like a tsunami.

"Weren’t you famous in this kingdom? Sigh, I should have known better." Vritra rolled his eyes. He glanced back at the guards, many among whom were also legion-ranked, but he wasn’t the least bit worried.

The moment they had joined the lines, this hateful and shitty Monk Shitless had started his damned acting. He went overboard with his words from the beginning.

...

"You just watch how I make those guards shiver in fear." Monk Shitless said with a wide grin, while Vritra was just fanning himself with the folding fan, already in character.

The guards were properly checking and asking a few questions to every person who wished to enter, so the pace was quite slow, and Vritra and Shitless still had more than thirty people standing in front of them.

After seeing that it was going to take a lot of time, Shitless began his act: "YOU IMBECILES!! How dare you make young master wait in a lowly place such as this? Are you courting death? Kowtow and beg for your mistakes."

Vritra: "..."

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +432}

{Sin Point Gained: Glared at +432}

{Sin Point Gained: Cursed +432}

...

All eyes turned towards them. The guards felt especially angry. The ones who were already in the legion rank almost tore that hateful mouth right there and then, but they didn’t act immediately.

After all, many important people were heading into the kingdom at this point, and some of them were bound to be arrogant. If they accidentally offended someone, then they might really end up in trouble.

Seeing all the hateful looks, Vritra took one step to the side, acting as if he didn’t know who the baldy was. It was not a good idea to expose himself so soon just for a few sin points.

"...Sir, may I know who exactly are you? And who is this young master you speak of?" one of the legion-ranked guards, who seemed to be one of the head guards of the Blue Kingdom, approached and asked.

"Hah, you dare to ask young master’s name? Do you wish to get nine of your generations killed and hanged outside young master’s grand kingdom?" Monk Shitless shouted in a loud voice, getting too much into the character.

"Sigh, where is this young master of yours?" The guard was getting really annoyed now and barely managed to hold back.

"Oh, he is..." Monk Shitless looked back to introduce the said young master, but there was no one behind him. He looked around in confusion and soon his gaze landed on Vritra, who stood to the side and held the paper fan in hand, hitting it over his palm.

"There he is, the great of all times, the young master of the century..." Shitless began to introduce in a dramatic tone as sin points rained down at Vritra along with the hatred of hundreds of people.

"He is Young Master Jin from the family Woo—Young Master Jin Woo. He is the descendant of a royal family from an even more majestic kingdom. Get the fuck out of our way and let us enter." The monk spoke.

"You are Jin Woo? I have never heard that name. Which kingdom are you exactly from? You both are not here just to cause trouble, right?" the head guard asked, trying to be polite but with anger evident in his eyes.

"Yes, I am Jin Woo. I am from the White Kingdom. Can we enter? We have something important to discuss with an important guest that should have arrived here already." Vritra said in a tone that was neither too submissive nor too offending.

The legion-ranked guard felt a bit better that at least this young master was better than that shitty baldy. Then he was surprised by those words.

"Oh, the White Kingdom? You are here for that as well, huh? But your strength is rather weak." He spoke. The White Kingdom was the majestic and biggest kingdom in their continent, several times more powerful than the Blue Kingdom.

Believing that these people might really be important, the head guard decided to be a bit more respectful and let them enter first after seeing some sort of proof.

Just then, one guard who had been staring at Monk Shitless from the beginning had a realizing look on his face. He ran towards the head guard and whispered something in his ear that Vritra and Monk Shitless heard all too well.

"Sir, don’t believe that baldy’s bullshit. I have seen him before. He is that fallen monk from the temple. I am sure you’ve heard his name before—’The Shitty Monk’, but he calls himself Shitless.

Anyway, he is a thug, a criminal that escaped from the kingdom after burning up the holy book in the temple." The guard added while glaring at the monk from the corner of his eyes.

GULP

Monk Shitless gulped visibly, his face turning pale. He forgot the most essential part of the plan—and that was to disguise himself. He glanced at Vritra and roared with all his might:

"BULLO, COME!!"

The bull came running through the crowd, as it continued to charge into the kingdom’s door. Monk Shitless jumped over its back in haste, while the others were still reeling in shock at the identity reveal.

Vritra stood there, hoping to get out of everyone’s sight silently, but the darned monk waved his hand and shouted:

"Young Master Jin Woo, hurry up! They are all bad people!!"

Vritra sighed and also jumped onto the bull’s back. The legion-ranked guard rolled his eyes as he ordered his men to catch them both. He had been ordered not to leave his post unless something serious happened, so just sending some guards to catch two powerless people should be easy, right?

***

And that is how they ended up in their current predicament.

"B-But I didn’t break your character until the end, did I, young master?" the monk said, hoping that Vritra would help him.

"Sigh, take care." Vritra sighed yet again and decided to part ways right there and then.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

"Huh? What do you mean—Uwaaaaah!! Where are you, young master? Please don’t leave me alone, young masterrrrrrrr!!" Monk Shitless screamed as he continued to lure the guards away.

Vritra looked at him from the sky and felt that even in a foreign kingdom, he wouldn’t need that kind of help. Just then, he noticed something from the sky.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...