Chapter 635 Monstrous Growth

Vritra heard the faint voices from inside the building.

They must have been the victims of this group.

He sighed; these women would certainly die if he just left.

So, he decided to help just a bit.

Vritra finally could no longer maintain the dragon; he made it crash into the distance.

BOOOM

Again, quite a few mutants had died.

The number had finally decreased quite a lot, but it seemed powerful ones were about to appear.

He ran into the building and found one room locked; with a slight twist, it broke.

The women screamed in terror, they were already frightened by the sounds of battle outside.

"Don't worry, those guys are dead, and if you want to survive, just stay hidden underground."

There were twenty or so of them, and Vritra found them pitiful.

The blade of the machete in his hand was suddenly covered by blood, as its size increased.

Then he turned it into a big drilling machine which rotated rapidly, digging a deep and large enough hole within moments.

"Hide there and don't come out for a while, not unless things are quiet." He said, before leaving them with some food and water.

There was a big stock in his inventory, and this much could last the group of women at least a year.

The rest they would have to figure out on their own; he would soon be leaving this planet after all.

As soon as he was done with his tasks, that is.

"T- Thank you…" one of the women finally managed to mutter, as they jumped into the hole with the help of the blood rope.

Vritra covered it up using materials from around, leaving enough space so that they wouldn't suffocate to death and could later leave.

Having killed several hundred mutants, he excitedly looked at his stats.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 36.7)

(Endurance: 37.3)

(Agility: 42.3)

(Spiritual: 19.8)

{Free Attribute: 0}

』

{Sin Points: 32,660}

'Good, with such stats I could have easily killed that group before.' He thought, but he was not done yet.

"Draw rewards with 200 points, use all the points!" he said as the ethereal wheel took form before him.

[Congratulations, you have acquired a Machine Gun with 1000 Rounds.]

[Congratulations, you have acquired 100kg rice!]

[Congratulations, you have acquired a free attribute point!]

…

Quickly, 163 messages flashed before his eyes; there was a vast amount of supplies, to the point that it was overflowing.

He wouldn't be able to finish them in years.

But he focused on the main stuff first, the attribute points.

[5 Strength, 6 Agility, 6 Endurance, 9 Spiritual, 6 Free Attribute Points!]

Except for the free ones, all attributes were directly added, and Vritra felt a big change, his entire body engulfed by a comfortable sensation.

His muscles became firmer and his mind relaxed further; his stats had just crossed several bottlenecks, bringing a big qualitative leap.

『

(Strength: 41.7)

(Agility: 48.3)

(Endurance: 43.3)

(Spiritual: 28.8)

{Free Attribute: 6}

』

{Sin Points: 60}

Like before, he decided to keep the six free attribute points for now.

After leaving some extra supplies in the room, he left.

Walking out of the school, he let his senses spread far and wide, then activated blood manipulation.

All the blood started to fly up, and the dead bodies turned dry.

He walked away as the size of the dragon kept increasing; not a single corpse was left.

'I should return now, haa, this was a bit tiring.' He thought, making the dragon fly away, it would take away all the dangerous mutants.

This was rewarding, but the most dangerous mutants were yet to show up.

The blood dragon flew far enough and then burst into blood rain in an open area; soon the surroundings were covered by roars.

Vritra ran in the direction where Yennefer and the others were hidden.

Although they had not participated in the slaughter, their strength must have increased a little too.

"But how do I send the signal?" he paused, wondering.

THUMP THUMP THUMP

He stomped the ground as if knocking and waited.

After a minute, the ground parted slightly and Yennefer peeked out.

Upon seeing Vritra, she smiled, relief written all over her face.

"Husband, hurry inside."

The entrance opened as Vritra jumped inside.

Yennefer hugged him tightly; all of them had been so worried.

Soon they arrived several metres underground, where a room was built.

Everyone was waiting there.

"Honey!" all the women hugged him.

"How did it go, hubby?" Yasmine asked, clinging to his arm.

"Sigh…" after a deep sigh, Vritra explained everything.

Their expressions turned a bit gloomy; they had just arrived here and knew nothing of the horrors taking place.

"It's good that you killed them." Shit-Sonia said, feeling angry too.

"Anyway, we have to keep moving. We will head up soon." Vritra said, as he took out various food items, the ones he had just obtained.

Putting a table and several chairs around it, they all sat and began to eat while talking.

…

The sky outside had turned dark, and the snowfall had nearly stopped.

The ground trembled slightly, and then several figures moved out silently.

"Does it feel less cold than usual?" sensing the environment, Maeve spoke.

"Yeah, the climate must be pretty unstable here." Fiona said, this cold really didn't bother her.

"Let's walk a little and we will find some place to rest. It would be great if we can find a vehicle that can move over the snow." Vritra said.

They started walking over the snowy road silently, heading towards the tower.

"Master, how high were the stats of that giant mutant?" Maeve asked, walking beside Vritra.

None of them could see the mutant's stats but him.

"All its stats were above seventy. At my speed, I will be able to defeat that thing soon." Vritra answered with confidence.

"Husband, if we can find usable parts, I believe I can help build a powerful vehicle." Teresa spoke; her knowledge and genius were truly unmatched.

"Alright, Tess, we will need your help soon." Vritra said, patting her head.

The mutants in this area were mostly cleared up, so they walked undisturbed.

Plus, Maeve had covered them all with shadows, making them invisible.

AWOOOOO

Just then, they heard the howl of a beast.

The group stopped and stepped back, standing near a building.

"That sounded like a mutant beast, and it's coming closer?" Vanessa whispered, ready to use her abilities.

Vritra narrowed his eyes as he sensed several figures moving at high speed over the snowy road.

"There are at least ten presences." He added in a low voice; it didn't seem the other side had noticed them yet.

After a few tense moments, two big wolves came into view, and they were dragging what seemed to be a carriage.

There were around eight people in the carriage, which was also carrying some supplies.

They moved very quickly, passing by the ten of them and soon disappearing into the distance.

"Well, that's… also a way of transport." Maeve muttered, but unfortunately for them, no one possessed skills to tame beasts.

"Yeah, maybe we should catch a beast tamer or something, that way travelling will be faster." Vritra nodded.

Going by foot would take a very long time like this.

And they also needed someone who was used to these streets and the dangers here.

"Let's keep moving, ahead might be more survivors."

And so, the group continued.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios