Chapter 17: Chaos

After sighing, Yasmine said:"There are some secrets that I can't speak. If I were to say them, you would be in extreme danger since knowing some things would bring the wrath of both Gods and demon gods.

Many things are bound to their senses—like even saying their real names directly would result in your death if you aren't strong enough.

Anyway, I can tell you about your goddess. Diana was born as a normal human—well, not exactly—but yeah, at her birth she was just a human, though she must have been born with—uh, let's say holy energy. Over time, she must have followed the path of the Gods and finally transformed into a Lesser Goddess.

She couldn't be compared to a real God, but there are many divine abilities that she must be able to use, just like summoning you lot here."

Vritra nodded, feeling a bit shocked by her words. It was indeed beneficial to bring along someone as knowledgeable as this lady dragon.

He found it shocking that just speaking of something would be enough to bring about a natural disaster. This only made him want to increase his strength as soon as possible.

After making sure that his mother was alright, he planned to finally undergo the huge transformation and get the dragon's bloodline and physique. Then he would return to that Death Canopy to finish his remaining business.

While several thoughts were running through his mind, Vritra suddenly remembered something as his steps came to a sudden halt. He looked up at the sky and saw the thunder crazily rumbling.

"I haven't been able to test my weapons yet. Isn't this just the perfect chance to test their abilities?"

After speaking, he quickly pulled out the weapons that he had created after several days of hard work from his inventory.

The space around Vritra lit up as soon as the two weapons came out. There was a heavy axe in each of his hands. The blades were shiny and looked as if they were made entirely of diamond. They seemed extremely sharp.

The back of the axe was like a terrifying hammer that could crush anything to a pulp. Just the sight of them would make anyone feel how heavy and dangerous they must be.

Vritra had countless options to choose from among all the weapons in that Death Canopy, but he chose these since they were the perfect slaughtering tools that suited him more than anything.

"Chaos Axe..." Vritra called out in a low voice, and as if his weapons could understand his words, lightning bolts moved over the blades.

Among the weapons that were dropped after he killed all those demons, there were all kinds of abilities and elements. But for now, he chose simple attributes for his Axe of Chaos.

First, thunder—strong enough to turn most foes to burnt corpses or at least stun even stronger opponents.

Second, sharpness and weight—for the blade and hammer side of the axes respectively. So they became extremely sharp, and on the other hand, the hammers became just as deadly, since even when he exerted little force, the weight of the axes increased exponentially at the moment of impact.

Third and last, a deadly but slow-burning poison—the more of it injected into anyone's body, the more dangerous it would become. Of course, it was only planned to be used on stronger enemies.

With these attributes, Vritra was not only prepared to fight large hordes of demons like in that Death Canopy, but he could even fight with foes much stronger than him.

Waving them around casually, Vritra could feel how the air was being cut by the extremely sharp blades. Then he glanced at the information of the weapons.

++++++++++++++++

NAME: AXE OF CHAOS

WIELDER: VRITRA ARCLIS

RANK: UNKNOWN (Incomplete)

BASIC ABILITIES:

THUNDER

SHARPNESS

POISON

GRAVITY IMPACT

ADDITIONAL ABILITIES:

All stats of the wielder are increased by thirty stat points, whether or not they are directly holding them.

++++++++++++++++

Name: Vritra Arclis

Level: 181 [2%]

Titles: The Cursed Hunter (Level 5)

Mana: 2380/2380

Vitality: 100%

Stats:

• Strength: 240 (210+30)

• Agility: 241 (211+30)

• Endurance: 239 (209+30)

• Intelligence: 240 (210+30)

• Mana: 238 (208+30)

• Luck: 40

[Allocation points: 280]

++++++++++++++++

"Hmmm. As I thought, the luck stat doesn't increase that easily. It seems only special titles can increase it for now," Vritra mumbled, then he focused on testing the axes.

He stretched both his hands out to either side of his body, putting the axes at shoulder level. After taking a deep breath, he used all his strength as he swung them in a horizontal slash, releasing a loud roar—without holding back.

WHOOSH

In the next moment, it was as if a ray of light had just flashed. Everything remained silent for a moment, and in the next instant...

BANG BANG BANG

As if a chain reaction had started, one after another, dozens upon dozens of trees in front of him were cut in half. They fell down, and instantly the area in front of Vritra became completely clear.

"Nice, it's better than I expected."

Vritra was satisfied with the result, but he wasn't done yet. In the next second, he raised both of them toward the sky.

THUNDERRRR

Bolts of lightning struck down from the sky, falling directly over the axes. For a moment, Vritra's arms trembled, but he was able to hold on. Then he lowered the axes and watched lightning bolts dangerously dancing over the blades.

The Axe of Chaos had the ability to absorb and contain the electricity for some time. Then he pointed them both forward and lightning bolts shot out.

BOOM BOOM

Immediately, all the fallen trees were blasted apart by the deadly strike. Wind blew, making Vritra's long hair flutter. He was amazed at the sight. Although he had borrowed the electricity, his weapons also had the ability to do the same upon absorbing mana.

"Not bad. This weapon matches perfectly with your fighting style, but I wonder why I couldn't see their ranks. They were fine at the start," Yasmine spoke. With these weapons alone, his strength had increased.

Vritra nodded, then put the axes away. There were hundreds of thousands of weapons that had dropped. Upon merging some special ones among them, his axes seemed to have changed somewhat—but he wasn't yet sure how big the change actually was.

"Well, they're good enough for now. After returning to that place, I will continue to make them stronger," Vritra mumbled and then set off back to the castle.

Before long, the bustling capital came into view again, but Vritra's appearance attracted countless gazes.

His tattered appearance, the blood still staining his clothes—it was as if he had been through a deadly disaster. All of it caused a stir as he entered through the outer gate of the city. People stepped aside, casting fearful glances as he passed, and even the guards near the gates paused when they saw him.

There wasn't much security at the outer gate, and despite his ragged appearance, none of the guards stopped him. It wasn't too rare for people to get attacked by the demons, after all.

Ignoring all the gazes, Vritra made his way toward the castle, moving at a slower pace.

It wasn't long before he arrived in front of the large castle. As he approached the gate, he obviously attracted the gazes of all the guards.

One of the guards approached him cautiously, his hand resting on the hilt of his sword."Who are you?" he asked, his voice tight with suspicion.

Vritra met the guard's gaze and spoke lazily: "I am one among the many who were summoned here from another world by the goddess. My name is Vritra."

They stared at him suspiciously, but a few people among the summoned ones had indeed gone missing in the labyrinth. Despite the doubt in his heart, the guard decided to ask his commander about this.

After speaking to the other guards, he turned around and ran into the castle. The others kept staring at Vritra while talking among themselves.

It wasn't long before the same guard came back running. After stopping in front of Vritra, he panted for a few seconds. As soon as he caught his breath, he spoke: "Y-You can enter. The goddess has been informed about your return, and she has asked you to go meet her immediately."

Vritra nodded in response. He was in a hurry to enter as well.

The guards blinked, then looked in recognition. After all, they had seen someone with messy hair among those people. Though now his hair was longer, and his entire appearance looked as if he had survived a bloodbath.

__________

Thanks for reading..