Chapter 210: Bobby

"Cough... So, Lady Sonia, would you like to spend your day with me?" the crown prince asked, looking at Monk with stars in his eyes.

"Hmm... Should I? Sigh Too many people have been chasing me, why should I give you a chance?

Don’t tell me it’s just because you are the crown prince or because of your pretty face?" Sonia said, as she started walking, the prince following her like a loyal puppy.

"Oh, I can fulfill every single one of your wishes. I can do anything for you," the prince said.

"But I heard you already have a wife and even a child. Sigh, are you truly deserving of me? I have even rejected the princes of the White Kingdom, and you know what I heard?" Monk Shitless spoke, truly using his powers.

"Ah, I only married her because of political reasons. I don’t love her at all. Hehe, you know, I fell for you the moment I saw you. I’ve never felt anything like this before. I know I’m flawed, but I’ll do my best for you.

And what did you hear?" the prince asked, happy that at least Sonia was already aware of his feelings and had not outright rejected him.

"I heard the king has his eye on me. Sigh, I don’t want to be his plaything like all the other women he took. My brother is helpless against the king.

Sigh, who is going to protect me against the evil clutches of King Henry?" Sonia spoke, looking really pitiful, her eyes filled with tears for a moment.

"!!!" Henry Jr. clenched his teeth. He had never interfered with his father before, but this time he wouldn’t allow him to take away Sonia. Taking a deep breath, he spoke: "No matter what, I won’t let anything happen to you, even if I have to go against my father for that."

Monk Shitless’s face twisted into an evil smirk—he was getting close to his goal.

***

The carriage brought Vritra and the others to the entrance of the Small Forest quite fast. Seeing the royal carriage, all the people moved out of the way on their own. It took less than an hour to arrive at their destination.

The coachman parked the carriage there and went to rest in a hotel while they continued their hunt.

The four of them started walking into the forest, which seemed wild. There were marks of fights everywhere and blood on trees and grass.

The further they moved, the stronger the smell of blood became. They even saw corpses lying here and there—some belonged to humans and some to demons.

"Ughh... this place smells so bad. There are limbs lying all over. There’s no such place in the entire Dunshire Kingdom. Are we really supposed to fight the demons here?" Diana said while pinching her nose from over the veil.

"The demons here seem a lot more dangerous than the ones we faced before. I wonder what kind of demons live in this forest?" Fiona spoke.

The demons she faced before were all captured and weakened by the guards, so this place seemed a little scary to her. She clung to Vritra while looking around carefully.

Because of the thick trees, the surroundings were a little dark, so it was like playing a dangerous horror game in VR.

"Honey, are we all going to hunt the demons together?" Vanessa asked, as she walked to Vritra’s other side. She wasn’t really afraid.

"..." After scanning the entire surroundings, Vritra soon created a map in his mind. He saw through all the demons and humans currently in the forest around them and knew which level of demons were located in which places.

"You three will be hunting on your own while I will be hunting in the deeper parts of the forest. Don’t worry, I’ll send wraiths to protect you, and I won’t be too far," Vritra said.

After making sure no one else was around, he raised his hand and muttered: "Exhume!!"

In the next instant, thousands upon thousands of soul wraiths rose around the four of them. Fiona and Vanessa had heard about them, but they were still quite surprised to see so many—and all of them seemed so strong.

Diana just straight-up froze. She only knew that he possessed the Nihil-Anima Mythic Halo, but she had no idea that he already commanded such a large army. She gulped and was thankful she had accepted her role as his slave just in time.

"Bobby, devour them all," Vritra ordered, pointing toward more than twenty thousand soul wraiths along with the two spies sent by King Henry, while Ghoul and Ghost remained standing to the side.

Under the shocked gazes of the three women, the metallic ball’s size suddenly increased, and in the next moment, Bobby dived into the large crowd of soul wraiths and began to devour them all rapidly, while its own level began to increase.

Vritra observed the scene silently. More than two days had passed in the labyrinth, and the three soul wraiths were still absorbing energy from the demon lord’s broken core. Everything was going perfectly for now.

In a short time, Bobby had absorbed more than half of the soul wraiths and continued to go on.

"Whoa, that small cute ball is such a dangerous thing?!!" Fiona asked in shock.

"What level is it at, m-master?" Diana asked while gulping her saliva. He seemed more and more dangerous.

"Wait a little and let Bobby consume the others first," Vritra said, as they waited patiently.

Soon, Bobby had devoured all the others and rolled around Vritra in joy. Its strength had grown by a lot.

"Bobby is above level 1,800 now. Soul wraiths certainly grow faster than others," Vritra mumbled before saying, "All three of you just follow Bobby.

Face the demons it points to, and if there is any stronger demon, then just let Bobby beat it half to death. Take any weapon from Diana if you need. After you have finished hunting, Ghost and Ghoul will bring more demons to you."

"Be careful, honey," Vanessa hugged him and said with a smile. She was happy that she could finally grow strong—at least with some strength she wouldn’t be a burden to him.

"Thank you, darling." Fiona stood on her tiptoes and gave a peck on Vritra’s lips, smiling sweetly though she was still a bit afraid of this forest.

"Everything will be fine, don’t worry." Vritra touched her cheek and said warmly. After giving her a tight and protective hug, he ordered: "Ghoul, Ghost, go along with them. Protect them and bring strong demons to them in a barely alive state after they are done with their hunting..."

After Vritra had given his instructions, he looked at Diana, who seemed to be longing for him. With a nod, he spoke: "Take care."

Then he disappeared from their sight. The three women made some sort of plan among themselves, and Diana distributed whatever they needed from her large stock of treasure.

And soon, the hunting began.

[Nether Eye activated.]

A vertical eye appeared over Vritra’s head as he flew deeper into the forest. He would keep constant watch over them.

"Oh, this forest sure is dangerous. I have already located a 1st Legion-ranked demon when I haven’t even reached the centre of the forest yet," he mumbled.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...