Chapter 34: Her Training-2 [R-18]

’S-So humiliating, so shameful... so hateful.’ Diana cursed in her mind a few times. Then her trembling soft lips parted. As her mouth opened, the sight looked so seductive that Vritra really wanted to click a photo of the goddess in that pose.

She had to open her mouth very wide to be able to accommodate the throbbing monster. Shutting her eyes tight, her head moved forward as her warm mouth enveloped the head of his cock.

She paused for a few seconds, then her tongue began to move as he had instructed. Vritra took a long breath—it felt euphoric. Just as she sucked on it lightly, he almost felt as if she was about to suck his soul out.

Diana no longer paid attention to his reactions. She could feel the trembling of his member in her mouth clearly. While her red lips clamped around the shaft of the cock, her tongue rolled and rubbed against the head.

Despite her arrogance, the goddess was still quite intelligent. Just after a few minutes, she could feel which areas she had to target to end this as soon as possible.

After licking the head thoroughly, she finally pushed her head forward as she took more of his member into her mouth, covering it in her warmth and saliva. But just as it hit the back of her throat, she gagged and pulled back, then coughed several times.

"You are doing great, keep going." Vritra smiled and encouraged her, though his words only got an angry reaction from her.

Diana grabbed his cock again. Then she took it in her mouth with some hesitation. She sucked hard on it and again pushed her head forward, but unlike last time, the angle was different. The tip of the cock didn’t hit her throat; instead, it hit the inside of her cheek.

A bulge appeared instantly over her left cheek. As the tip hit the soft, smooth, and wet cheek, Vritra let out a low pleasurable groan—it was simply just so good.

He glanced down and looked at her plump and curvaceous body. With her movements, her soft boobs were bouncing back and forth, looking very enticing.

The goddess had just one goal—she didn’t want to continue to be humiliated. Her head moved back and forth as she sucked harder on it. Each time she sucked, her cheek would hollow out slightly while her tongue licked over the penis. Now she could taste that sweet flavor even more.

SLURP~ SLURP~

GULP

Vritra did his best to hold back for as long as he could. He wanted to enjoy the goddess’s service for more time, but with each lick and suck, he got closer and closer to the pleasurable release.

Diana’s awkward movements became faster and she sucked even harder, determined to bring this shameful experience to an end. By the quivering of his penis, she knew for sure that he must be close. Her tongue lapped over the head and the shaft, drenching them in her saliva.

Finally, Vritra couldn’t hold back. As pleasurable shivers ran down his body, burning hot semen flooded out of his penis, hitting the goddess’s throat and instantly filling her mouth.

SPURT SPURT

As the warmth spread across her body, Diana tasted the much more sweet and thick fluid which had flooded her mouth. Her first reaction was to pull away, but Vritra held her shoulder and spoke in a low voice: "Drink it."

Diana glared at him but had no time to even think. She almost started to gag on the thick and sticky semen, then had no choice but to accept. Then she began to swallow it in large gulps.

GULP~ GULP~ GULP~

She drank one mouthful after another, feeling the hot cum pass smoothly down her throat. The warmth spread across her belly, the taste completely overtook her taste buds, while her tongue was completely covered in the semen.

The amount had surpassed her expectations. Despite the constant sucking, a few drops of semen leaked out and rested over her glistening lips before sliding down to her chin.

After she had swallowed everything, Vritra finally pulled his penis out of the tight and warm embrace of her mouth—it really seemed to enjoy that comfortable house.

COUGH COUGH

Diana coughed heavily and panted. Her eyes stared blankly at that monster that finally seemed to be returning to its original state. Then she composed herself and looked at Vritra with a stubborn and hateful look.

"Hmph, you can control my body but not my mind and emotions. Don’t think I will ever submit to you." The goddess spoke with a fiery look. She sat down and took deep breaths.

’Just you wait, I will make you pay for this one day, you mortal.’ She said in her mind.

Vritra smiled as he pinched her soft rosy cheek lightly and spoke, "That is good enough for now. You did a good job, so you will be able to enjoy your freedom."

After speaking, he stood up and put his clothes back on. He looked at the goddess who still sat there and had an angry and proud look on her face.

"Freshen up, I will talk to you soon." Then he patted her head and began to walk away, but soon remembered that he needed to change his clothes since they were a mess after the battle earlier.

Vritra walked to the bed. Then he took out his clothes from the inventory and began to change. Now he had started to store some clothes in inventory for emergencies to avoid a situation like last time where he had to walk in the capital while wearing rag-like clothes.

Diana stared at him as he threw his clothes and then wore a new set of clothes, not caring about her gaze. Only after he walked out of the room did she release the long breath that she had been holding.

So much had happened in such a short time. She stood up and then walked towards the bathroom. The lingering sweet taste in her mouth kept reminding her of the experience from earlier.

Diana stopped beside her bed. Then she picked up a pillow, and while imagining it as a certain someone who she hated the most, the goddess began to punch it.

*****

After leaving Diana’s room, Vritra walked calmly down the stairs and ignored all the gazes as he left the temple. Now that the current hurdle had been overtaken, his next goal would be returning to the labyrinth.

So he returned to the castle and met up with his worried mom. She had been too anxious and only relaxed after seeing that he was completely fine, although she was still curious why he changed his clothes.

For now, Vritra didn’t meet with any of his classmates. He was worried that he might really end up killing a couple of them if he saw their faces. And before leaving, he wanted to spend more of this peaceful and wholesome time with his mother.

While they were eating, Vritra told her about the news of his departure. At first, she strongly opposed it—after all, this new world was too dangerous—but she could never win against Vritra. In the end, she could only agree.

Vanessa knew her son well, she had only agreed after knowing that his safety is 100% guaranteed.

____________

Thanks for reading...