Chapter 50: A Warm Welcome~

Vanessa took a couple of steps forward until she was exactly in front of Vritra, then in a fluid motion her hands moved towards his face as she cupped his cheeks gently and stood on tiptoes, then she closed her eyes and her lips parted slightly.

In the next moment, Vanessa pressed her soft and warm lips lightly against his; her lips fused to his in a kiss that felt anything but innocent.

Her tender and moist lips felt incredibly soft, that melded into his creating a burning feeling between their bodies, that were pressed tightly.

Vanessa didn’t make any further movement but a fiery, almost burning sensation spread between their mouths; as their lips remained gently pressed together.

As Vritra’s lips touched his mother’s, the moment he felt those pink, plump lips melt into his, a shock ran through his body.

Both his mind and body froze; his arms remained stretched and suspended in the air as he stared dazedly at the stunning face that was pressing against his face.

The only thought that came into his mind as he tasted the warmth of her moisturized, tender lips was... soft. Achingly, deliciously soft.

Seconds passed like slow fire, stretching endlessly, until Vanessa finally began to pull back. As her slightly wet lips clung to his for just a moment longer—sticky and burning—before they popped back with a soft, moist sound.

"..."

"M- Mom?" Vritra’s eyes were wide open, he couldn’t think of anything but the soft, moist sensation on his lips lingered for a long time, he even wondered if this was some imposter.

Vanessa smiled warmly, her cheeks tinged with a slight flush, as she spoke in a sweet voice:

"Welcome back, honey."

After a few seconds, Vritra finally came back to his senses, he blinked his eyes and looked at the gorgeous woman before asking:

"Mom, w- what was that? You just kissed me..." Vritra didn’t really care much about his first kiss but he never imagined that it would be stolen by his mother.

"Hmm, what is wrong with that? Isn’t that our usual greeting manner?" Vanessa spoke, an innocent and confused expression on her bewitching face.

{Sin Point gained: Hypnotized +1}

A sweet and intoxicating scent drifted towards Vritra as he inherited Vanessa’s scent, his mind became muddy, slow and infatuated for a moment.

He was completely captivated by the dazzling and enchanting sight in front of him.

{Sin Point gained: Got Entranced +1}

"Yes, why did I react like that? That is indeed the way we greet each other." Vritra mumbled in a daze, but he came back to his senses almost instantly.

Shaking his head, he stared at his mother in disbelief, she was still giving him a sweet and innocent smile.

"No way it is normal, mom tell me, is something wrong? What is going on exactly?" Vritra asked, he could feel something was definitely wrong.

Even with such high intelligence stat he was dazed for a moment, the intelligence stat represents mental strength and energy, so it was surprising that he was still charmed.

Finally, Vanessa’s expression changed as if she had just realised something, her mouth opened wide as she covered her mouth with her palm, her eyes wide open.

"Oh I- I am so sorry honey, I didn’t know what happened to me just now, I just... Was that your first kiss?" she asked with a meek expression, her face filled with self-blame and worry.

"Yes it was, but that isn’t important right now. You have been acting strange from the beginning, you are hiding something from me right?" Vritra questioned in a solemn tone.

"Sigh yes, there is something I couldn’t tell you before, let’s talk inside." After speaking Vanessa walked back into the room and sat on the bed.

Vritra took a deep breath and closed the door behind him before sitting beside his mother and looking at her face while waiting for her explanation.

"Actually, I had lied to you... I am sure you had your doubts but my skill is not related to cooking. What I obtained was the bloodline and physique of a Succubus Queen, you can understand why I was hesitant to tell you about it.

I was fine before but after you left, the goddess helped me a lot, bringing strong demons who were on the verge of death each and every day, after I delivered the final blow my levels increased rapidly." Vanessa paused and looked at Vritra, only after he nodded did she continue.

’So Diana carried out her mission perfectly, I guess she needs a reward.’ Vritra thought and then focused on his mother’s words.

"After my level increased, my body began to change as you can see but it wasn’t just in appearance, I have these sudden urges and I feel very strange, it was still tolerable before but after you came back, I didn’t even know what I was doing when I k- kissed you.

I think I am sick, my mind and body are behaving very strangely, will you help me? It must be because of my physique and bloodline that I am experiencing these changes, I don’t even know what might happen in the future."

Vanessa’s eyes were filled with tears as she looked at Vritra with a pitiful expression. Vritra felt that it was finally making sense, he knew what nature a succubus has; and since her level had just grown so he understood that these might be side effects.

"It’s alright mom, I will take care of you." Vritra embraced Vanessa, patting her back in a relaxing manner as she buried her face into his chest.

’Tch tch. My poor hubby and her pitiful mother, isn’t my mother-in-law too interesting.’ Yasmine watched the show in amusement.

’Sigh I am sorry, I have finally told you the truth but with a small lie, it is too hard for me to do all that so I will have to make you take the initiative.’ Vanessa thought, she planned to slowly seduce her own son until they could help each other become strong.

’It is all just to protect the two of us with no other motive, I know this is wrong but just let your mother protect you from now on even if it is in this shameful manner.’

"Oh right!!" Vritra suddenly remembered something as he pulled back and looked at her beautiful face, he asked: "If your ability isn’t food-related then what about the food that I ate before? I still received experience points from it and that milk—"

But before he could finish, Vanessa interrupted him in a hurry, asking a question of her own.

"How come you have changed so much in just one month? For me, it was because of leveling up and my physique effects, though I changed my hair colour to match yours it could be changed easily." While speaking she touched her long black hair that matched Vritra’s.

"Well similar to you, it is the effect of leveling up and my physique..." Vritra showed her his status window, of course hiding a few secrets that would put her in danger like the Mythic Halo, Divine Sin Wheel and a few more things.

"Whoa level 534?!! You have become incredibly powerful, even though the goddess was sending me lots of demons to kill I was only able to reach level 89." Vanessa spoke.

____________

Thanks for reading...