Chapter 569 Crash Landing of a Con Man

Using the corrosive properties, Vritra made Drino's consciousness go kaboom.

His mind started to rot, and before long, Drino's body was completely empty. But just to be sure, Vritra started checking his inventory to make sure he hadn't hidden any backup plans.

As a demi god, Drino must have all sorts of treasures and resources.

And he did find several things that Drino could have used to resurrect himself, so Vritra destroyed them.

He transferred other treasures to his own inventory and decided to check them later, as finally, he was able to see some surface in the distance.

Removing the dust platform he was seated on, Vritra stood over Drino's corpse, using it to lessen the impact.

BOOOOOOM!!

The moment Drino's body hit the surface, it exploded into tiny pieces, spreading all over the place.

But soon they got consumed by the red flames left by Fiona. This flame truly didn't die down.

After seeing Drino's corpse disappear, Vritra finally looked around.

And… he found himself on the border of an enormous piece of land standing in the middle of nowhere.

It was surrounded by high walls and a large gate stood before Vritra. The surrounding space was nothing but darkness.

'Where am I?' Vritra wondered, and the Divine gave a reply:

"Just follow along, and don't reply to his questions."

'Huh?' Before Vritra could curse him, however, the gates opened slightly.

Then a figure clad in white armor flew out and landed before Vritra.

It was a… gnome?

The small man looked at Vritra suspiciously and asked, "Who are you, and what is your purpose for coming to the World Bank?"

'World Bank? Is this like a place where all powerful beings keep their treasures and stuff?' Vritra wondered.

"Just raise your right hand slightly." Divine instructed.

Vritra did as he was told. This gnome didn't seem all that powerful, but the armor around his body had a godly aura.

The gnome stared at his right hand for a whole minute, then tapped over his head.

"Ah, I finally remember, so it is you, demi god Zihong!!" he spoke with an enlightened expression.

"It has been so long since you last came here, I almost didn't recognise you. But did your appearance change?"

"…" Vritra brought his hand down and remained silent, many questions swirling in his mind.

After a few moments, the gnome laughed and spoke, "Ahaha, I guess you found some treasure and became so handsome. Don't keep such things to yourself."

But then he asked, "But why does your charged fist seem kind of… different?"

Vritra: "…"

The best answer to all his questions was silence, as the talkative gnome would himself fill in the answers.

"I guess you upgraded your strongest attack, haha. I wasn't trying to test you, I was just curious, demi god Zihong. Please follow me inside…" the gnome gestured and turned around.

On the other hand, Vritra was quite shocked. 'Zihong was a demi god?!!'

Zihong was the same guy from whom he had obtained the charged fist, which later became Nuclear Fist.

Vritra only knew a few things about him, like how he appeared out of nowhere and soon all demons went into hiding for some reason.

'Was this the reason why all demons were hiding? I guess it wasn't because of that one attack just as I had thought. But why was he even there in the first place? And is he still alive?' Vritra wondered while following behind the gnome, who was talking nonstop.

"Sir, are you here to withdraw or deposit?" he asked without stopping.

Vritra: "…"

And again, after a few moments, the gnome answered himself.

"Ahaha, again I am not testing you, I was just joking. It isn't our place to question that, you can do whatever you wish in your locker."

After entering through the gates, Vritra saw a building so large that dozens of cities could easily reside within.

It seemed to have been made a very long time ago, having some cracks over its walls, but the building was certainly quite sturdy.

Vritra had expected to see gnomes as the guards inside. However, among the thousands of guards, all were from different races.

Very, very few of them were even at the demi god level.

Vritra wondered what sort of treasures must be kept in this place. For a moment, he almost wanted to check out all the lockers, but in the end he held back.

With his current strength, he can't attack this bank.

'Are demi gods the only customers of this bank?' Vritra asked in his mind.

"No, even many gods and higher beings have accounts in this bank. The security you are seeing is just the surface. Not even a god would dare to try to steal from here." Divine said.

'Aren't we here to do just that? Becoming a con man and trying to steal from this place…' Vritra was suddenly a little worried. With security that high, wouldn't he get caught?

After a moment, he questioned, 'By any chance, if I did get caught, what would be the punishment? Would I be locked up or executed right away?'

"You are better off not knowing it. It is worse than dying. Anyway, just stay silent and you won't get caught." Divine said, shaking his head.

While following the gnome into the large building, hundreds of piercing gazes passed over him.

"Demi god Zihong, I am really impressed. You still have that power. I heard rumours that you got locked on a planet called Zoratian or something. I guess they were just rumours." The gnome muttered before questioning,

"Was that Drino, a level 3 demi god, you had just slain? The moment you arrived, I knew someone powerful had arrived."

Sensing traces of a dead demi god was one of the reasons that made them sure of Vritra's identity as Zihong.

While Vritra wondered just for how long Divine had been planning all this for.

It seemed even obtaining the charged fist had a reason behind it.

Or rather, everything after he came to this world was planned out by others, from falling into that death zone to meeting Yasmine and so on…

'Is Zihong dead? If not, where did he go?' Vritra questioned. After entering the building, he saw thousands of corridors moving around in the air.

It looked like a complete mess, yet was quite systematic.

"Let me bring you toward your locker room." The gnome spoke, then he paused before one of the corridors and waited.

Divine's reply came after a moment, "Zihong isn't dead, but he got caught by the planet's rules. He is still locked there. So you kind of stole his ability right under his nose."

'…Oh. Why did he even go there? To capture Wifey and Tess as well?' Vritra questioned.

The gnome stepped onto a moving platform connected to the corridor. As soon as Vritra got on, it started moving.

Along with the platform, the entire corridor was moving, though slowly.

"No, he didn't go there for my sisters, but to obtain my abilities, the Sin Wheel, and information about the first mythic halo." Divine answered.

'I see.' Vritra and the gnome continued moving, traveling across the mess of corridors.

A few others could be seen heading toward their lockers. Anyone below a demi god wasn't even allowed to enter that place.

A few of the guards stopped them for questioning, but Vritra didn't have to say a word as the gnome explained it, and they were allowed to pass.

After a few minutes of travelling, the platform finally came to a halt.

"This way, sir. Your locker number one thousand six hundred twenty one is just ahead." The gnome spoke while continuing to chatter endlessly.

After walking for a couple more minutes and passing a few security checks, they finally arrived at their destination.

Since Vritra had just recently used the Nuclear Fist, just by the aura, most didn't even question his identity and assumed him to be Zihong.

They stopped before an enormous round metallic door. The gnome pointed at the locker and said, "Sir Zihong, now can you give me the key for your locker room?"

Vritra: "…"

'What key? Divine, do I have it? I don't think silence is the key anymore.' Vritra thought while maintaining a solemn look on his face.

"Sir, by any chance did you forget to bring it here?" The gnome's expression changed as he looked at Vritra suspiciously. Every person with a locker here would always keep the key close to them.

The chances of forgetting it at home or somewhere else were close to nil, but there was a high chance that this might be an impersonator.

"You do have it." Divine finally spoke, as a stone flew out of Vritra's inventory and landed on the gnome's palm.

'What?!! Zengis was a key all along? How can this be?' Vritra stared in bafflement as the gnome nodded and turned, then he placed Zengis over a small stone pillar and the gate automatically started to open.

"There you go, sir. Here is your key. Sorry for doubting you just now. You see, many have been trying to enter lockers through shady means." The gnome handed Zengis back to Vritra with a loud laugh.

Vritra sighed internally. Even his best friend was planted there by Divine?

"Please go inside. Of course, I will wait out here unless you want me to go with you and see what you have kept." The gnome looked at Vritra hopefully but received only silence.

Stepping inside the large room, the metallic door closed shut on its own.

"Haa. What the hell is going on? Why are we even here in a bank?" Vritra was finally able to speak freely.

He looked around and saw several things secured safely inside different barriers.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...