Chapter 688 To the Doctors

Under the hard thrusts, the empress couldn't last long and climaxed within minutes.

But Vritra didn't stop, making her orgasm a few more times before he finally filled her belly.

"Now, Nun, let me see just how much good you are carrying inside you." Vritra pulled his penis out of Yennefer's body as she lay exhausted.

"Let me embrace all your evil, it is my duty to bring you to the right path." Diana spoke seductively, walking up to him and giving him a sensual kiss.

And soon, the goddess's moans filled the room as Vritra pushed his cock into her pussy.

She lay over the bed while Vritra stood near the edge, he held her thighs, pumping into her body.

SMACK SMACK

"Nnngggg~ H- Harder! Aaaaaaaah~" Diana has always loved it rough, the rougher he got the more excited she became.

Vritra leaned forward, taking her hard nipple into his mouth, sucking on the tasty bud.

He rolled his tongue around it and rubbed the tip, sucking with enough force to make her body tremble.

Diana's tits soon turned sore, he was sucking too hard but she wanted more.

Before long, she climaxed, her love juices splashing over him.

Still, she tightened her pussy, the walls clenching around him tightly.

"Yes~ f- fill me up Hmmmm~" soon, she felt waves of warm fluid rushing into her belly as she drank all his semen.

The two hugged each other tightly, his cock buried all the way in, their lips connected in a steamy kiss.

"So, Ms Nurse, policewoman and nun, are you all ready for second rounds?" he smiled, the fun was just getting started.

***

After several hours of intimacy, the women were so exhausted they just fell asleep, unable to even move their arms.

'There is still time before I need to enter the beast cave, I guess first I will go clear up the doctor and cinema organizations.' He decided.

Vritra had a second discussion with the divine, as he still didn't like the idea of leaving his women behind.

So they came to a solution, he would bring them to the beast cave too.

But there is also a safe area. After the beast cave opens, a lot of people and mutants will enter, though the entrance will close soon after.

So after he cleans up all the others, he would be able to train in peace and his family could just stay there or fight.

This wasn't a shortcut, but endless grinding, which would last very long.

But Vritra had to take this step so he could get out of this place faster, otherwise they could take the longer route.

They still had several years to complete this quest.

'Let's go to the doctors tomorrow then…' after making up his mind, Vritra just hugged his wives and fell asleep.

***

This place was rather quiet, mutants didn't approach it for some reason.

After a few hours, they all gathered and ate, where Vritra explained his plans.

Of course all his wives were happy and ready, Shitless and Onest too, so they decided to head out in the dead of the night.

More mutants are present around at this time, which gives them more opportunities too.

But now that he knew where the doctor and cinema were, Vritra didn't plan to bring Ergen along.

He was sad but this place wasn't bad either, not that his choice really mattered here.

"My precious slave, don't forget about me, ever! Remember, your master's slipper will always have space for you." Shitless consoled his slave, he was sad to part too.

Since it was the first time someone of a status even lower than his own was present.

"SOB master, why don't you stay here with me then?" Ergen asked, shedding tears.

"You are not that precious either, you are a slave, how dare you speak back to your master!" Shitless took out his slipper and started hitting him.

Vritra ignored their fight, as he glanced at his wives, they had already gotten ready to leave the big building.

"Hubby, is it really the right choice to enter the beast cave?" Yasmine asked, as the ground began to move out.

"Yes, it's a bit risky but we will be fine. We have to return home before our baby is born." He smiled, suddenly even happier.

"Time to cover everyone." With a snap of Maeve's fingers, all of them were wrapped in the shadows.

After walking out of the building, Vritra created a blood cart which could fly at fast speed.

Travelling wouldn't be difficult for them.

"Bye bye…" Ergen waved his hands as the group quickly flew away and disappeared into the night.

The cart flew quickly but the journey was long and would still take a few hours.

So Vritra had even created several seats for everyone to travel comfortably.

CHIIEEEEEEEE

A big bird appeared above them while they were passing, it didn't notice them though.

But Vritra wasn't going to let it go, he pulled the spear from his inventory and threw it at the bird's head with full strength.

BANG

It flew with incredible force, piercing through the head of the unsuspecting bird, as the large creature died instantly.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +4,855}

'Not bad.' The body of the large bird fell down as dozens of mutants began to devour it instantly.

But within moments all of them died from the poison that Diana had added to it, bringing more sin points to Vritra.

Along the way, they kept killing mutants, until halfway they hadn't met anything too dangerous.

The flying cart suddenly came to a stop as Vritra sensed a powerful energy from ahead.

"Shh there is something dangerous ahead." He let his senses spread, and soon saw an enormous tiger, it had undergone strange mutations.

Its mouth now opened like a banana's peel, full of long dangerous teeth.

'Can I defeat it?' Vritra wondered and checked its status panel.

Its strength and agility were very high, endurance was good too but spiritual was low, which was its clear weakness.

'If I exploit that, I would be able to.' And there were others to support him too.

And so Vritra jumped down from the cart, holding the spear in hand, as he launched waves of spiritual bursts.

The tiger that was busy eating the flesh of some mutant suddenly roared in pain and stumbled, quickly looking up at Vritra.

BANG

The spear suddenly pierced through its shoulder, failing to hit its head.

ROAAARRRRRRR

Diana debuffed the tiger, while others also began to use their abilities to support him.

As Teresa made it freeze, Vritra stabbed the eye of the tiger, as waves of blood poured into its body.

Tearing it apart from inside.

Fiona and Yennefer launched powerful attacks, but carefully so it didn't hurt Vritra.

Vanessa made the tiger hallucinate, Yasmine sent mental attacks, as Maeve created restraints through shadows.

While Shitless and Onest just looked at each other as they could do nothing in this situation.

Vritra quickly injured the large beast, cutting its body apart with the help of blood blades.

And before long, such a dangerous mutant succumbed to death.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +6,822}

"Hoo this tiger was so much more dangerous, but the points are satisfying."

He jumped back onto the cart and continued, he had already earned a lot of points.

And soon they finally arrived at the doctor's base.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...