Chapter 137: LET ME PLEASE HELP YOU, Max!!

Jace and Tyler glanced at one another and could clearly see the horror of the thing they were about to do. They knew they would be beaten like dogs by Max after this, but if they didn’t, then they would be crushed into minced meat by Vritra.

So, in the end, the choice was pretty obvious.

Tyler held a glass full of some fruit juice in his hand that they had just filled, while Jace was holding the juice bottle that was half full. After nodding at one another, they approached Max with friendly smiles on their faces.

"Max, we brought some juice for you. We thought you must be tired," Tyler said as he hurried forward, his fat bouncing, then he respectfully presented the glass to Max.

"..." Max glanced back at the two. He was in a very bad mood. He couldn’t remove that scene from earlier out of his mind. He was really feeling that something was very wrong, as if his mind was in some kind of illusion that he just couldn’t escape from.

"Thanks." Max took the glass and began drinking the juice. He looked at the two and wondered why both of them were wearing gloves.

"You already killed three demons. You really have grown so strong... it’s hard to believe," Jace said in a flattering tone as he stood ready to refill the glass.

"Yeah, I’m sure very soon you could easily surpass that simp Jack and even Vritra. Hehe, please just keep us around even after you’ve grown strong," Tyler said while rubbing his palms together like a fat merchant.

"..." Max frowned upon hearing Vritra’s name, and the tattoos on his face suddenly brought him a burning pain that was not physical. He gulped the juice and gave the glass back to Tyler.

"Huh? That’s not enough. You should have some more," Tyler said as he pushed the glass forward, and Jace began to refill it.

"No, that’s enough. You two should start hunting demons too—" Max shook his head and pushed the glass away, but suddenly Tyler’s balance broke as he stumbled and threw all the juice on Max’s body.

From his belly down to his feet, his clothes were covered in the juice.

Tyler, who was on his knees, was horrified. His eyes widened with terror as he began to apologize again and again.

"I- I’m sorry Max, I didn’t do that on purpose. Please f- forgive me, sob, I’m really sorry..."

Both he and Tyler were begging, as at one point Tyler moved behind Max and also knelt down.

Max’s mood had just become even worse, but he was in no mood to take it out on these two. He released a long breath and spoke through gritted teeth: "Just get the fuck out of here. Forget about it."

"N- No, how could I... it’s all my fault that this happened." Tyler cursed himself, then with determination he shouted in a loud voice: "LET ME PLEASE HELP YOU, Max!!"

******

"Why do you want to follow me? Aren’t you in love with Max?" Vritra asked as he stood still with Fiona hugging him from behind, her bosom pressed against his back.

"I- I don’t know, I just... don’t want to get separated from you." After a pause she added:

"I came to liking bad boys because of something I saw when I was little, but now I feel that it had been nothing more than a fantasy of mine... I think I- I might be in love with you." Fiona said. She never thought she would be the one to confess her love like that.

"Hmm, you might be? So, you also might not be? I don’t like indecisive women. Either it is you do, or you don’t. If you’re going to be confused about it, then it’s better if you just stay here." Vritra said as he started to remove her hands from around him.

Fiona was startled. She hastily tightened her arms with her fingers interlocked. Burying her face into his back, she took a long breath before spurting out: "I love you, I love you, I love you a lot."

Vritra loosened her arms and turned around to look into the eyes of the shy redhead. He asked again: "Are you really sure?"

"Yeah, I’m sure." Fiona nodded resolutely. If such strong feelings and sensations she had been feeling—the longing and the pain—weren’t love, then she didn’t know what could be.

Without saying anything, Vritra lowered his head and pressed his lips against hers. Fiona reciprocated as the two kissed passionately.

"Fine, you can come with us. We’ll be leaving on the morning of the day after tomorrow." Vritra said after the kiss broke. Fiona had a big happy smile on her face as she nodded and hugged him tightly. Her heart was leaping in joy—she felt that she had just won the biggest and best lottery in the world.

"Let’s go and hunt some demons, shall we?" Vritra said as he extended his hand towards her. Fiona nodded and took it. She felt slight tremors in her body as they interlocked their fingers and held onto each other tightly.

...

Vritra and Fiona were just walking around randomly while talking about all kinds of things. Fiona’s sonorous laughter rang out as she listened to various stories of Vritra’s from back on Earth.

But soon the two paused in surprise as they heard a loud shout:

"LET ME PLEASE HELP YOU, Max!!"

Fiona glanced at Vritra, and the two decided to go ahead and see what was going on.

On the other side, Max was startled by the shout. And in the next moment, he felt two pairs of hands clutching onto his pants.

But before he could react or understand anything, Jace and Tyler gritted their teeth and, using all their strength, pulled his pants and underwear down at the same time, making Max’s lower body completely naked.

"..." Max was shocked beyond words and he froze for an instant. He would never have thought that the two of his friends would do this.

"W- What the fuck—" Max shouted in rage as he was about to kick Tyler, but his body froze as the fat boy got a hold of his member, the short pole disappearing in the grasp of his palm.

And from behind, he felt Jace’s hands grasp his butt cheeks before spreading them wide open.

Max was terrified and bewildered as he saw that the fat face of Tyler was approaching his cock. He hastily raised his hand to punch him but just then—

RUSTLE RUSTLE

The three heard some sound from the side and froze. They looked to the side and saw Vritra and Fiona standing there with shocked looks on their faces.

Max was the one who was the most shocked—what would Fiona think if she were to see him in such a situation?

Tyler’s fat face, with his mouth wide open, was hovering just in front of his cock. And behind him, Jace too had his mouth open and tongue stretched, as if he was just about to dive into the dark confines of his butt.

At that moment, the illusion that clouded his mind before broke, and he was baffled that he had been so rude to Fiona before, acting like a red flag and all. He was terrified.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...