Chapter 585 Deep Cleansing [R-18]

'W- What have I done?!!' Fiona instantly regretted her action, so in the end the evil curse had succeeded in making her speak.

This was one thing that the holy priest had warned her against, was she beyond saving now?

Still, she could feel his tongue twisting and rubbing inside her, poking her sensitive fleshy walls.

She opened her eyes and looked down at the priest who was too busy enjoying eating her up.

Vritra loved this new taste, her juices tasted even sweeter, plus the squeezing of her soft folds.

But then he paused, as his eyes opened wide, slowly he pulled his tongue out of her vagina and licked his lips.

"What have you done?! You have further increased the power of the curse, it has now reached your core."

Vritra looked mad and troubled, as he added: "Now, everything we had done so far is useless, all the evil energy I devoured for you while risking my life was for naught.

Haa, you have put your life and those around you at risk."

"Haa M- Master I… I didn't do it hnn~ on purpose, p- please help me, I am s- sorry…" Fiona felt such a strong itch in her nether region, her cave convulsing.

"Now there is only one way to save you and erase that evil curse." Vritra spoke solemnly, his tone made Fiona even more afraid.

"W- What do I need to do? It was m- my fault, SOB please help me…" Fiona pleaded, feeling afraid and hopeless.

"Sigh, you are lucky that I never give up on my believers. This has just become far too dangerous.

With the evil curse at its peak and at your core, I will have to cleanse you internally." Vritra explained as if he was about to make a great sacrifice.

"…" Fiona nodded, staying completely silent, as long as he could save her she was ready to cooperate.

"But the problem is, my tongue or fingers won't be enough to do the job. I will have to use a special tool of mine, I need to send it inside you and fill you up with holy fluid which will cleanse the curse." He added seriously.

"O- Okay master, let's do that." Fiona nodded, desperately clinging to her last hope at life.

"Now just close your eyes and don't open them no matter what, or the curse will find a way to escape.

You can speak this time if you feel like it but do not question or doubt me, this is the last option otherwise even I could do nothing." He spoke, showing just how dangerous the situation had become.

"I understand, master, please go ahead and fill me up with the h- holy fluid, please clean me from inside." Fiona said resolutely, as she closed her eyes shut tightly.

Vritra smiled looking down at the naive and innocent wife, he really loved his profession as the holy priest.

Quickly, he removed all his clothes as his rock hard cock finally sprang out, it felt like torture to wait for so long.

He positioned himself between Fiona's legs, gripping her thighs tightly, massaging and squeezing the soft flesh.

"I am putting my magic tool inside you, just remember, don't open your eyes. It is to help you, believe in me."

He reminded and pressed the tip of his cock against her drenched petals.

"Hnnn~ Yes master, I believe in you, fill me up." Fiona said in an innocent tone.

But then her body shivered as she felt something press against her entrance, this time, however, she was ready.

As Vritra slowly began to push forward, her petals were stretched making way for his cock, as it started to plunge into the tight cave.

Faint moans started to leak out of her mouth as she felt the hot, big and hard magical tool pushing into her body.

'I- It feels so big, just what sort of magical tool is this? Why is it… so hot?' Fiona's body wriggled over the bed, as the penis continued to push inside, pushing aside her folds.

Her vagina was stretched to match the shape of his cock, squeezing it and clinging to it.

Vritra felt her hot and wet walls gripping his cock, the folds felt incredibly soft.

Just as his cock reached halfway inside her, he thrust with full force, the head of his cock hitting hard against her cervix.

"Ahhhh~ Hnnggggg~"

Fiona let out loud moans, thankfully now she didn't have to worry about her voice, but just needed to keep her eyes closed.

"I can sense the evil energy, the tool is close to your core, just wait a bit and it will release the holy fluid inside you."

Vritra said as he paused for a moment, savouring the feeling of her tight pussy around his cock.

Then he pulled back and thrust again, continuing with the same motion again and again.

The tip scratched and poked deep inside her, as squelching sounds mixed with the sound of flesh hitting flesh filled the room.

Fiona was shocked and wondered what was happening but soon her thoughts were consumed by the extreme pleasure.

The tip of his cock struck the entrance of her womb, almost breaking inside.

She could feel that the holy priest was right, he really was so close to her core. In her nervousness, her pussy tightened even more, squeezing his cock as if she wanted to strangle it to death.

Vritra could almost feel as if his penis was getting twisted by her insides, the uneven surface of her walls sticking tightly to his member, sucking it in deep.

He leaned forward, capturing her juicy red lips, as their tongues entangled in an intimate dance.

While the movements of his waist continued, moving faster and faster, stirring her inside and messing them up.

He squeezed her breasts, deforming them, his fingers sinking in the soft squishy flesh while his cock pushed through the doors of her womb.

Fiona continued to moan but she didn't open her eyes, her faith in her master by now had reached its peak.

After several long minutes, Fiona felt the holy tool twitch inside her, she wondered if it was finally the time.

"Be prepared, I am attempting to clean the curse, drink up all the holy fluid properly." Vritra spoke and his words made her even more excited, her cave tightening further.

Her arms wrapped around his body, as she nodded and spoke amidst her moans: "Masterrrr, hngggg~ I am r- ready, HUFF g- give it to me, all of your holy fluid!! Aaaaaah~"

The speed of thrusts increased as Fiona felt her own orgasm building up but she held back, climaxing at the same time when he filled her up was the best.

Vritra pulled back until only his tip remained inside and finally he gave the strongest thrust, taking away Fiona's breath, literally.

The head of the cock plunged into her womb, and finally…

SPLURT SPLURT

Waves after waves of the thick and hot holy fluid poured in her womb, flooding her insides and stretching her belly slightly.

Fiona tightened her muscles, her pussy walls clutching his penis tightly as to not let even a drop of this holy fluid go to waste.

With her lower mouth she drank every last drop, letting it fill up her belly.

From the tip of the magical tool, more and more holy fluid flooded out, as it started to cleanse her insides.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...