Chapter 351: The Milky Treat [R-18]

The temperature in the room seemed to have increased as the pair of mother and son entangled, their mouths connected and tongues rubbing and rolling.

Hearing the faint muffled moans of Vanessa, Fiona’s ears perked up, but she tried her best to stay concentrated.

Vritra quickly pulled away his mother’s clothes until she was only in her panty and bra. The wet mark over her bra was even more evident.

The sweet smell that Vritra had missed for so long drifted into his nose. With an unquenchable thirst, he pulled her bra, even breaking the hook, and threw it to the side.

"Ahh~ Honey, be gentle, they are too full and more sensitive," Vanessa spoke, her voice as seductive as honey.

Vritra wasted no time as his mouth dropped to her left boob. He latched onto her nipple, taking the pink soft bud into his mouth.

The moment his tongue came in contact with the tip of her nipple, he tasted the lingering drops of her wonderful milk.

SLURP SLURP

GULP

Squeezing her nipple, Vritra began to suckle hard, as if trying to pull her soul out from her nipple directly.

The succubus was already quite sensitive, and since her boobs hadn’t been emptied for so long, the moment Vritra sucked, a strong stream of hot sweet milk shot into his mouth.

"Mmm," Vritra felt his taste buds explode at the rich sweet and creamy taste of the warm milk. He had missed it so much, he almost choked by the sheer quantity.

But wrapping his lips around the areola, he gulped every single drop while savoring the taste to the fullest, feeling the hot milk travel down to his belly.

Vanessa hugged his head, her fingers intertwining into his hair as she caressed and urged him to empty her melons.

The flow of milk from her overloaded breasts felt like such a relief and pleasure, loving how his teeth and tongue moved across her hardening nipple.

"Hnngggg~ H- Honey, don’t bite so har- Aaaaah~"

Vritra bit down on her nipple, as even more milk gushed out while his tongue swam in the flood of the milk. The sweetness, warmth, and thickness were just perfect.

GULP GULP

The constant sound of his gulping and slurping along with Vanessa’s moans filled the room. Diana watched it all with growing lust.

After watching the scene for nearly ten minutes, she couldn’t hold back anymore.

Her breathing had grown as if she had just run a marathon.

She quickly moved close to Vritra after throwing away her own clothes in haste and began to remove his clothes.

Vritra didn’t move his lips away from his mother’s nipple while helping the goddess remove his clothes.

Diana lay on top of him, pressing her breasts against his back and began kissing his neck. Her hands roamed all over his body.

While Vritra was busy drinking his favourite drink, Diana decided to have her favourite treat.

While kissing his body, the goddess slowly moved towards his penis.

She tapped over his arm and Vritra shifted slightly, making it easier for the goddess to access his cock.

On the chair not too far away, the creases on Fiona’s head were growing with each passing moment. She could barely maintain her concentration now.

Her lust meter was rising at extreme speed.

Diana held his member, which was already erect but yet to reach its full potential.

While caressing his jewels carefully, she pressed her lips softly against the shaft.

Treating the cock as if she had just obtained the biggest treasure, she gave soft kisses from the top to bottom, even kissing the precious family jewels.

Then she pointed the cock towards her face and gave a long kiss against the tip. Her lips parted and the soft tongue moved out like a snake.

Licking the tip, she began to rub along the length, craving that strong taste that she once hated.

After sucking on Vanessa’s nipple for so long, he finally emptied one of her breasts. Yet Vritra continued to suck on her nipple for a while longer.

The poor nipple was slightly swollen from all the bites and rubbing from his tongue.

POP!

Finally, with a popping sound, he pulled her nipple out of his mouth and licked the pulsating bud before latching onto her right nipple, making his mother moan in ecstasy.

Below, the goddess was busy with her own task.

She rolled her tongue over the glans, wetting it with her saliva and even moving her tongue sensually under his foreskin, teasing the sensitive areas with the tip of her tongue.

By the tremble of Vritra’s cock against her lips and tongue, Diana knew which area felt more pleasurable as she became more proficient.

Taking the head into her warm mouth, she scratched the frenulum, and within a minute drops of precum leaked out of the tip.

The goddess lapped at the tiny hole, licking off the precum and releasing a satisfied moan, making Fiona’s entire body shiver since the poor redhead was imagining everything in her head.

"Mmm~ Twasty~"

Diana loved the taste of this fluid. Wrapping her lips tightly around the head, she sucked harder, her cheeks hollowing as she pushed her hair back.

Moving her tongue across the glans, she licked and rubbed around the tiny hole, poking it to get more of the tasty precum.

Her eyes were closed as she focused all her concentration on the movement of her tongue and lips, while enjoying the delicious reward.

SLURP SLURP

GULP

SLURP SLURP

GULP

All the sounds made Fiona even more frustrated. She was so close to understanding something related to her field, but the three of them had to start right now.

What made it even worse was that Vritra was getting intimate with his mother and the goddess at the same time.

They haven’t even tried threesome yet, so the redhead really wanted to make it a foursome.

After licking the head for a while, Diana pressed her tongue under the cock and then began to take it deeper into her mouth.

Vritra felt the softness and warmth as the tip of his cock hit the back of her mouth before going deeper into her throat.

The goddess choked for a moment, but she held on, keeping the thick hard member buried deep in her mouth, her tongue pressing and rubbing against the shaft.

"Hmmmm~ Mhmmm~" She could feel the hot precum leaking from the tip as the soft flesh of her throat squeezed the head of his dick.

While the goddess was busy pleasuring him and getting her rewards, Vritra devoured his mother’s milk, drinking greedily for all the time he had missed.

Nibbling on her nipple, Vritra rolled the sweet bud around with his tongue, taking in more of her soft boob into his mouth.

"Ahhh~ Hnnnn~ H- honey Haahhh~" Vanessa continued to moan, making the atmosphere of the room even more erotic.

Finally, the moment Fiona was done with her comprehension, she opened her eyes and looked at the perverse scene in front of her.

Vritra entangled with the two ladies, while he devoured his mother’s milk. The goddess was busy trying to pull out the semen.

Her face turned red. The thought of having sex with Vritra along with these two women felt so lewd and exciting at the same time.

"Not fair, how can you do it without me?" Fiona spoke.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...