Chapter 240: I am sorry, hubby...

"No, let’s continue." Ghoul interrupted her.

"..." Fiona knew Vritra must have ordered Ghoul to make her continue, but her heart ached thinking Vritra getting injured while holding all of them back.

She gritted her teeth and sped forward even faster, just as she was close to the door. Bubbles began to appear over the surface of the lava sea, Fiona halted for a moment as countless strange creatures rose out of the lava.

Their body structures were like that of dogs but more than ten feet high. Fiona wasted no time as she continued to charge forward and said: "Ghoul, kill them all."

Normally she would have done this on her own but now she couldn’t waste even a second.

The soul wraith reacted instantly as a blurry shadow flew around Fiona like a protective barrier, killing any and every creature that came close to her.

The two hurriedly approached the door and continued on their way to get the Phoenix inheritance.

***

Vritra’s body froze for a moment as he saw the pope suddenly appearing behind Yasmine, his speed was quite fast and now he was about to launch a devastating attack.

THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP

His heartbeat increased even further, veins bulging as each cell in his body exploded with blue and purple energy. Leaving behind a large dust clone, Vritra shot towards the pope.

At this moment it was as if everyone in the world had disappeared, Vritra’s eyes were fixed only on the attack that was heading towards his wife. How could he let his Yasmine get hurt...

[Switch: Demonification (4%)]

[Shift Activated.]

[Shift: Strength + Endurance → Agility]

A vast amount of Chaotic energy burst out of his body, as Vritra even pulled out every last bit of energy from the Evil-Veyll God Essence Core and combined it with any and every sort of energy present in his body.

BOOOOM BOOOOOM

Even his dragon body couldn’t handle that level of power, as several explosions happened inside his body making his scales and flesh burst, but Vritra just used the momentum to increase his speed to the extreme.

When the pope’s fist was about to touch Yasmine’s back, Vritra collided with him as he let out all that devastating energy, much more chaotic than his first attack on the pope.

"Hah, as expected, so she is indeed your weakness." A wide grin spread across the pope’s wrinkled face, at the last moment he changed his target from Yasmine to Vritra as the two collided.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Just by the aftershock of the colliding force, Yasmine was thrown away and even Bob was pushed, but thankfully it had the door as support, while most of the other Grieves weren’t faring any better.

Another storm of destructive energy rose, Vritra’s body was riddled with large holes and critical injuries by the mere impact, but just as he was about to activate the fourth dimension, the pope pressed a glyph against his body.

Vritra was unable to move into the disappearing state as the storm of destructive energy swallowed them both. Many of the other Grieves were also caught in the storm.

Their bodies were badly beaten but it was still not enough to make them completely vanish.

Yasmine froze when she saw Vritra being swallowed by the energy storm. Without a second thought she let out a thundering roar and rushed into the storm while the new shadow wraith prevented the Grieves from attacking her.

ROOOAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRR!!

WHOOOSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHH

She endured the extreme pain as her body was being destroyed by the violent mix of energies.

It was really difficult to locate Vritra in such a chaotic storm but because of their connection, Yasmine saw Vritra being reverted back to his original form as his body got severely injured.

Plunging forward, Yasmine got a hold of Vritra as she decreased her size slightly and wrapped herself around him, using all her strength to pull him out of the utter destruction.

Under the constant attacks, her body became even fainter as her soul’s vitality reduced to less than ten percent.

But Yasmine had succeeded in bringing him out of the raging storm that was yet to stop. She rushed towards Bob and gently lay him on top of the large metallic ball.

She looked at him gently, her heart aching more for the pain he was going through rather than her own injuries.

Vritra’s injuries had started to heal, although slowly, but on the other hand, Yasmine’s injuries were getting worse since she got struck with both the Demon lord’s energy and Evil-Veyll God Essence.

"It seems I haa... can’t fight along with you anymore. I am sorry, hubby..." Yasmine muttered before she fell unconscious and returned to Vritra’s body.

The soul wraith was quickly destroyed by the combined effort of the ten Stars, and soon the energy storm came to an end.

Even the few dozens of the Grieves that were caught in the storm began healing, though for them the process of healing was extremely slow.

All the Grieves gazed at the seemingly unconscious Vritra. They wanted to kill him so badly but seeing his current state they were afraid that a light tap might be enough to kill him.

But because of the pope’s order they couldn’t kill him. Despite their anger, all the Grieves agreed that this strange creature was far from ordinary.

They had heard about Vritra and the fact that he had been in this world for such a short period of time yet possessed such a level of strength was already terrifying.

If they could really uncover a few of his secrets and use that to create even more powerful glyphs, then that would truly be a great evolution.

Then their gazes shifted towards the pope who had just come out of the storm. More than half of his body was destroyed.

It was such an ugly sight, half of his body was still that of a human while the other half was greyish, while his organs were barely hanging on.

The destructive energy clung to his body and continued to destroy it. A twisted smile appeared over the pope’s face as he gazed at his future test subject.

He was thoroughly satisfied and felt that Vritra’s importance wasn’t any less significant than the Phoenix inheritance.

Kssshhhhh...

He ripped away the remaining human part from his body and finally appeared in his true form, the strength of the pope instantly rising by a lot.

"Splendid!! You really are great, Vritra. Now, why don’t you wait a little there while we head inside?" As the pope spoke, those invisible threads wrapped around Vritra’s body once again.

Vritra was barely conscious, his vision was blurry and his blood seemed to have gotten into his eyes too. All four of his limbs and torso were in critical condition as his health declined to a very low level.

Soon several messages flashed before his eyes but he could barely take notice of them.

『

[You have killed a Level 2716 Human.]

[+EXP Earned.]

[+EXP Earned.]

...

』

Vritra sensed Yasmine’s current condition and watched as the Grieves rushed into the inheritance ground, passing through the door without any sort of restriction. His mind was buzzing so badly that he could barely make sense of his surroundings.

BANNGGGG

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...