Chapter 623 Shadow

[A mutant corpse has been detected!]

[You have acquired the Divine Sin Wheel!]

[Divine Sin Wheel is undergoing an upgrade…]

…

All of a sudden, several messages popped before Vritra, freezing him momentarily.

He halted his search and waited.

[Divine Sin Wheel has been upgraded!!]

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a Corpse +24}

'It seems the Sin Wheel has really changed, I haven't received any notifications from others' reactions either.' Vritra noticed this only now, since normally he ignored those messages.

He wondered how the gacha part would have changed.

Then he glanced at the three broken corpses. Without wasting any time, Vritra touched whatever remained of their bodies.

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a Corpse +21}

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a Corpse +20}

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a Corpse +21}

…

{Sin Points: 86}

"And how many do I need to rotate the wheel… can I still purchase the attributes?" he wondered.

"You can rotate the wheel with different numbers of sin points like 10, 20, 50, 100, 500, 1000 and so on. Of course, the more points you use, the better the rewards.

Oh right, try asking it something, and you will even receive the answer." Divine said, actively helping him.

"Hmm, how many sin points do I need to purchase the attributes?" Vritra asked.

{0.5 random attribute point = 1,000 Sin Points}

"So two thousand sin points for 1 attribute point? Damn, that's expensive. Divine, can't you lower it?" Now that he could directly speak to the manufacturer, Vritra showed his displeasure.

"It is not as simple as you think. If I could, I would rather just give you everything directly. There are many things to take into consideration.

But if your luck is good, you can still obtain them with less sin points through the gacha." He replied helplessly.

Vritra just shook his head. As he focused, an ethereal wheel appeared before him.

Although he couldn't see what prize he would get, it seemed there was no longer a better luck next time.

Even in the worst case scenario, he would still get something.

After thinking for a moment, he spoke: "Draw prize for 20 sin points."

{Used 20 Sin Points.}

The wheel spun quickly and soon it stopped at an item.

{Congratulations, you have obtained 10 bottles of energy drinks!}

"Energy drinks?!" He was surprised. So he could obtain food this way. This was not bad.

"Wait, I still have my inventory?" The drinks had directly been teleported into the inventory.

This was good.

"Draw 50 sin points reward." Vritra made up his mind and said it. He wanted to try it out.

{Congratulations, you have acquired 1 Agility attribute point!}

Instantly a warmth filled Vritra's body, and the change was noticeable.

His agility, reaction speed and more had suddenly increased to twice.

"Nice, that's worth 2000 points." Vritra tried moving his hands around, and he could feel the difference.

"Pitiful one, we couldn't find much in this place. There was only some leftover food. Also these few knives and machetes." Shitless and Onest showed the weapons they found.

"Hmm, bring them back to the other apartment. I will be there in a moment." Vritra spoke.

"Alright, it seems finding food here will be difficult." Onest sighed. Although they had eaten enough in advance, soon they would start to feel hungry again.

After the two left, Vritra mumbled: "Draw 10 sin points reward."

The wheel spun and…

{Congratulations, you have obtained 10 bottles of water!}

{Sin Points: 6}

'I guess I need to earn more sin points, just touching corpses will be enough.' He thought, before walking towards the window and glancing outside.

The whole place was covered by a thick layer of white, and snow was falling heavily.

They were on the twelfth floor and there were a couple more floors above them.

He could see quite a few mutants outside, many even frozen in the snow.

But the distant sight shocked Vritra.

"So that's the tower I am supposed to reach in two and a half years?"

It wasn't very clear, but it seemed very tall, disappearing up into the sky, and it was huge!

BANG

Just then, he heard a noise from the other apartment. Frowning, he turned and ran back.

They had locked the door, so he knocked after looking for any sign of mutants.

After a few moments, the door opened. As Vritra rushed inside, he saw Maeve standing in front of a cockroach.

It was actually the size of a football. Blood dripped from the rod in Maeve's hand as she panted lightly.

She had just smashed the head of the large mutant insect, but its wings were still shivering.

BANG BANG

Maeve struck it a couple more times and it finally died.

Only then did she relax.

"Where did it come from?" Vritra walked closer.

"It suddenly, haa haa, drilled a hole from the top and jumped down." Maeve said. It really scared her for a moment.

Maeve suddenly felt warmth spread across her body, and different messages flashed before her.

"I, it seems I have awakened!" The demoness exclaimed. Her stats had increased by 0.2 each.

"Oh, did you awaken some ability?" Vritra asked, as he squatted and touched the dead cockroach.

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a Corpse +19}

"Yes, it seems to be related to shadows." Maeve said. Not much information was given.

"That's good, you did well, foxie." Vritra stood up and patted her head after wiping his hands.

He looked up at the hole and was sure there must be more mutant cockroaches above.

"Looks like we are going to have to clear this building and increase our strength before leaving this place." Vritra mumbled.

"But that ugly monster should still be outside. We are still no match for it." Fiona spoke.

"Well, we have our baits, right, Shitless and Onest?" Vritra said, patting the monk's shoulder.

"Yes, huh wait…" Onest realized who the bait in question was.

Vritra laughed seeing their reaction, then he added: "I will be going out to check the other apartments on this floor first."

"Be careful, dear." Diana said, knowing they couldn't be of help to him.

"Hmm, just wait here." Vritra said as he stepped towards the door.

"Wait master, can I come along?" Maeve, who was trying out her ability, suddenly spoke, then added: "I can hide us, like this."

In the next moment, her entire body was covered by a dark shadow, and as she moved into a darker corner, she really wasn't visible.

"Alright, but be careful." Vritra said seriously.

And then the two headed out. The corridor was still clear.

They quickly moved towards the third house and searched it.

"Seven corpses!!" Vritra was surprised to see the corpses of an entire family.

He sighed before quickly collecting the sin points.

There wasn't really anything else in the house. They were all probably killed by those four men.

{Sin Points: 147}

Then they headed to the other apartment, but there were no corpses.

After walking out, Vritra glanced up, weighing his options.

Going up would be dangerous, but they couldn't stay cooped up here.

If his stats could increase and everyone awakened, then their progress would be much faster.

"Foxie, we are going up. Stay close and ready." Vritra said as he slowly approached the stairs.

His increased agility wouldn't be of much use against those monsters.

They climbed up as silently as possible, but then the two froze.

The corridor had at least ten zombies roaming around.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...