Chapter 641 The Military Base

Over fifty people looked at the corpses of the mutants and then back at Vritra's group.

"It's fine." Vritra said, turning to leave.

"W- Wait, if you don't mind-" the man at the front spoke with hesitation.

"I do mind, bringing such a large group, it will attract- hmm well that's fine I guess, sure you can follow but only till the military base." Vritra changed his mind upon realizing that he indeed wanted more mutants to come.

So if the bait was so willing, he would use these people to attract the mutants.

"R- Really? Thank you, sir, thank you very much!!" he knelt, and the others also thanked him profusely.

'He is indeed a good person.' Mira and Gary both thought.

"Alright, stop wasting time and get up, or we will leave." He said and started to walk away.

"Y- Yes!" the middle aged guy nodded hurriedly, gesturing for everyone to follow.

Before the apocalypse he held a high position in the military, but now money and connections were all gone.

All that mattered was strength.

As the group started to move, they all noticed a big cloud of blood moving along with them.

Of course it scared them.

"S- Sir, what is that?" the military man asked, speaking respectfully.

"Don't worry about that, stay close and report if you see any mutant horde." Vritra said dismissively.

The big group continued to move. Their numbers and the scent of blood soon attracted the attention of mutants.

KRRRRRRR

Terrifying screams rang out from all sides, mutants jumped down from the windows of the buildings.

It was a scene straight out of a horror movie.

But Vritra only felt happy to see more mutants rushing to give him sin points.

He did feel a little bad after all just a few months ago these were all normal people with families.

And now they were just mindless creatures, Vritra prayed that they would rest in peace at least after death.

BOOM

A fat mutant, whose body seemed like big lumps of meat, suddenly jumped in front of the group.

"This one is strong, even stronger than Bull." Vritra mumbled, but for the current him it was nothing.

[Blood Manipulation Activated!]

[Spiritual Burst Activated!]

He used both skills at once, making the fat mutant's eyes burst as it fell back but didn't die instantly.

'It is indeed tough.' Vritra nodded before plunging a blade directly into its skull.

While just one spiritual attack was enough to kill most others.

It wasn't long before they finally arrived near the military base and on the way Vritra had killed nearly two hundred mutants.

{Sin Points: 14,300}

The sin points rose and his stats as well, of course Vanessa and others weren't just staying still.

They were helping Vritra as much as they could, their strength also growing rapidly.

"This is the military base, thank you for bringing us here." The military guy nodded, he didn't know why but a lot of mutants attacked them.

"But is this place really safe?" Vritra asked, gazing at the military base from the distance.

"It should be, why don't you stay here as well, sir? I believe this is a good place to settle." He thought and spoke in a hurry.

"Well we aren't really looking for a place to settle." Vritra refused.

"Oh uhm then you can at least rest here." He added.

"Hmm. Let's check this place out." They walked closer to the military base.

The walls were well guarded with high defence, over twenty men patrolled from the top of the walls.

"Stop right there, who are you?" the patrolling men shouted, aiming guns at them.

"I am Sergeant Keg, 9th Platoon, Bravo Company, 2nd Battalion." Keg introduced himself, with his hands raised to indicate the absence of any weapon.

"Wait right there, I will call the General over." They were all dressed in military uniforms.

Seeing them, Vritra's gaze moved towards his wives. He couldn't help but imagine them wearing tight uniforms.

The thought instantly made him excited, he decided to try it out later on.

This was one of his recent kinks, for some reason, seeing them in formal uniforms made them appear even more hot and beautiful.

"General Peter, these are the survivors that have come." One of the men reported.

"At ease." The general said before turning to look at the big group.

"We welcome all the survivors but first you will have to be tested to make sure none of you are infected." The general spoke loudly.

"And how will we be tested?" Vritra asked, he didn't plan to stay there for long.

After some rest and taking a few uniforms away, he planned to leave the place.

"It is a basic thermal test, a doctor has awakened a special skill that can distinguish between the infected and uninfected, it is nothing severe, don't worry." The general said.

The gates opened slightly, just enough to let one person enter at a time.

"…" Vritra looked back at the red Shitless, and wondered if they would stop him.

The monk had covered himself up completely to not scare the mutants away.

As it turned out, many mutants were afraid of the almighty evil monk and dared not go close.

They started calling the people inside one by one and the female doctor just needed to hold their hand for a moment to know.

Once all the survivors were inside, Onest and Shitless entered.

"They pass, you can go in." thankfully the doctor didn't find any fault.

She didn't need direct skin contact it seemed.

Next it was Vritra and his wives, after all of them had passed, the doctor quickly rushed to the general and muttered something.

"Are you sure?" he asked in surprise.

"Yes I am certain." The doctor nodded.

"Brave survivors, I congratulate you all for making it here safely. In this base, we will provide you with safety, food, water and a place to live.

Of course, there are certain basic tasks you will have to do, which are necessary to run the base." The general gave a long speech then dismissed everyone.

The military soldiers began to help everyone to settle.

"Hello, how may I address you?" the general paused before Vritra with a friendly smile.

"I am Adam." Vritra said, there wasn't any real reason behind giving a false name.

"I see, so Adam, thank you for helping them all. I just heard about your might from them, you are a powerful fighter and I am glad to have you here.

The doctor told me that you possess a healing ability, is that true?" he asked, a strange glint in his eyes.

"Yes, why do you ask?" Vritra nodded, though it wasn't healing exactly.

"Can you heal others as well?" the general followed with a question.

"I am afraid not, it's just a basic self healing skill." Vritra shook his head, making the general sigh in disappointment.

"I see, then please let me show you to your tent. Will you be staying alone or…" he looked at the other people waiting for Vritra.

"No, my wives will be staying with me and those two will stay together." Vritra answered.

He couldn't help but feel a slight hint of hostility from him.

While walking, Vritra saw hundreds of tents occupied by thousands of survivors.

"Do you have enough food to feed them all?" he asked, surprised at the scale of the base.

"Yeah we are doing just fine with all the helping hands, thankfully we have not run out of food yet." The general replied strangely.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...