Chapter 326: Jinx

BANG

As his fist collided with the thick tree, it simply exploded from the force and flew away, breaking a few more trees along.

"Hmm, it is nowhere near my full strength but well, beggars can’t be choosers." Vritra thought.

He decided not to waste time figuring out how he got that ability.

Taking out a packet of white powder from the book, Vritra chose a direction and shot forward at his current full speed, leaving behind marks over the trees and stones.

His speed was similar to what it was around level 300.

As Vritra headed deeper into the forest, the atmosphere around him started to turn eerier by the moment.

The air was filled with a bloody stench and looked slightly reddish.

The trees had veins on their surfaces that were filled with red blood and seemed to pulse.

Faint distant cries that didn’t sound like any animal continued to ring out. The ground was covered with knee-length black grass.

’I wonder if all my sin abilities could work against those abominations and other creatures here. I sure hope they do.’ Vritra thought.

Even while running at full speed, he was observing his surroundings for any sign of danger.

After running for a couple of kilometres, Vritra found himself surrounded by thicker bloody mist. He could only see a few meters ahead of him.

But thankfully, he could depend on the perfect map of the place that pinpointed even the small rocks. Wherever he was present on the map was especially highlighted.

First, he planned to check the contact point that Chopper had told him about, which was supposed to be nearly four kilometres deep.

The strange cries of the creatures in the distance seemed like dozens of drilling machines boring into his brain at the same time.

It was so annoying.

Running at full speed, it wasn’t long before Vritra finally arrived at the location of the contact point. He finally paused and started to look around carefully.

Soon, he located a small dot on the map.

Vritra was wearing leather boots that could protect him against the bites of snakes and other small creatures.

HISSSSSS

Vritra heard the faint sound of a snake. He stopped and looked around, and soon found the 2-meter-long snake with a black and red pattern on its body.

It appeared quite venomous, though Vritra wasn’t really sure. He walked closer to the snake but maintained some distance from it.

[Book of Dimensions Activated.]

In an instant, Vritra teleported the snake into his book. It was more of an experiment. He left the snake there to see if it could somehow find a way out.

Once again, he resumed walking towards the dot on the map, and when he arrived at the destination, he was quite shocked.

"..." Vritra stared at the thick pole that seemed to be going high into the sky and disappearing. He couldn’t see its top point.

Then walking close to it, he saw the old-style phone with the circular dial pad. For some reason, Chopper or others couldn’t remember what they had found upon arriving here.

They just remembered that Chopper was able to contact the outside world.

Vritra picked up the telephone receiver and tried dialling several random numbers, but it showed no signs of working.

"How can I make it work?" he thought. Even his intelligent waifu wasn’t here to give him any advice since she had wasted so much of her energy watching him in action.

Sigh...

Placing it back, Vritra decided to check it later. He had just heard sounds of several growls that seemed to belong to some animal.

Taking out two big knives that normally only a butcher would use, he started walking forward carefully. Unfortunately, the map wouldn’t show the beings that were alive.

Heading forward, he could barely see anything because of the bloody mist and the blackish trees. A chilly wind was blowing, creating strange sounds like that of a child crying.

"Haa, looks better than any VR game I played. Such a horror vibe. All that is missing is a scary ghost or some deadly beast or maybe a mad killer?" Vritra spoke to himself in a low tone.

He had a feeling that if he couldn’t maintain his sanity, he really might end up getting lost in the forest forever—or until his death.

Grrrrrrrr...

Awwoooooooo

Several sounds rang out as Vritra saw a small cliff in front of him. It was climbable, but on top of it he saw faint figures of dozens of creatures that resembled wolves but were nearly twice the size.

"MEAT!!" Vritra was overjoyed.

The damned hunger was becoming such a problem for him that he couldn’t even fall asleep and had to carry a constant feeling of pain.

Just as Vritra was about to climb onto the cliff, he noticed something. The cries he had just heard were filled with pain and panic.

It didn’t seem that the pack of creatures was looking for food, but that they were running from something so they wouldn’t end up as its food.

In the next instant, several dozens of those creatures jumped down from the cliff, and they ran so fast that they even ignored Vritra, running for their lives.

Inside such an environment, it was impossible to even know whether it was night or day, or to keep track of time.

GRhhkkhhhh

Suddenly, Vritra heard loud wet, gurgling sounds as distorted shrieks and bone-grinding crackling noises came closer.

"!!!" Vritra instantly recognized those sounds. It was the same abomination that he had seen at night not long ago.

KHRAAAAAAAHH

Vritra felt a shiver as he saw a faint towering figure at the top of the cliff. His body reacted instinctively as he turned to his right and ran at full speed.

BOOOM

With an explosive sound, it landed on the ground. Ignoring those creatures, the abomination started following Vritra, running in such a strange manner with its twisted limbs.

’Fuck! Why did I jinx myself? I don’t want any ghost or creature or mad killer!! And doesn’t it only move during the night?’ Vritra felt like slapping himself for what he’d said a few minutes ago.

He could clearly hear the sound of its countless teeth striking one another, the bone-cracking sound of its front legs that were twisted forward, and the screeching sound that made even the trees jerk.

’Right, I need to calm down first.’ Vritra removed the instinctive fear his mind had developed towards that creature because of last time.

"Forbid: Sight, agility, gravity, strength, sound!!" Vritra shouted out loud, running at maximum speed for his dear life.

[Forbidden activated.]

Thankfully, the familiar message of the skill activation popped. Vritra glanced back when he stopped hearing the noises of the creature; all its sounds had gotten really low.

Its speed had decreased to some extent and it had lost more than sixty percent of its sight, while the weakening of the gravity made its movements even more difficult.

Vritra changed direction, and after creating some distance he stopped and turned to have a look at the creature that was madly charging into the trees, breaking all the surrounding trees as if they were made of paper.

All of the eyes on its body were covered by something, so it couldn’t use that mental torture attack again.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...