Chapter 314: Warm and Comfortable

While going through the house, Vritra did see the drawing that Chopper had mentioned.

It was carved onto the wood and was more like a circular complex pattern used in witchcraft.

There were faint traces of blood and flesh around that place, as if someone had done a very bad job at cleaning. It really felt like he had entered some horror movie.

Vritra and Yennefer covered their ears. The screeching sound felt like it was directly cutting into their brains.

The faint sound of the insects died down and all of a sudden a light sound of tapping started sounding from the windows.

Tak Tak

It was slow and light, like someone knocking there. But the two of them were currently on the first floor, and there was nothing to climb up to the windows, especially so without any abilities.

"What’s happening?" the empress frowned as she shifted closer to Vritra.

She unconsciously clutched his clothes while looking cautiously at the windows that were covered by cloths.

TAK TAK TAK

"Wait, I will go check." Vritra patted her hand and stood up, surprised that something could actually scare the scary empress.

"No, don’t go." She held onto his clothes even tighter, looking a bit shaken.

"Uh... Are you afraid of ghosts by any chance?" Vritra asked.

It didn’t really make sense that she could be afraid of anything.

"No... uh, a little bit, so just stay here."

The empress said, trying her best to appear calm and collected, but Vritra could sense her body tremble slightly under the constant tapping sound from the window.

’Sigh this day keeps getting weirder, first this town and now a Yennefer, who looks cute.’ Vritra sighed before speaking:

"Don’t worry, I am not opening the window or anything. I am just going to have a look outside."

He was sure that if Yasmine was awake now she would have commented something like: "Hehe, it is the curious people like you that get killed first in the movies."

Reluctantly, Yennefer let go as she held the dry fruit packet tightly and kept her eyes locked onto him.

Vritra got off the bed and walked closer to the window. After glancing back, he slowly pushed the cloth aside, just enough that he could peek outside.

Zrrrrrrr...

TAK TAK

There was a rather big fly that kept hitting the window again and again, and then Vritra’s eyes fixed on the thing that was dragging a half-eaten human body on the road.

’What the hell is that thing?’ His eyes widened in shock at the grotesque sight in front of him.

The creature had a height of more than seven feet and it was walking on all fours.

Its hind legs were of normal size like that of humans, while its hands were at least twice the size.

It had a long neck and on top of that, something so disgusting that just couldn’t be described by words — a creature that shouldn’t exist.

There were dozens of slits for eyes on its head and sharp long teeth present from the top of its head down to its shoulders in a disorderly manner.

It was completely yellow as the pus on its body kept exploding into tiny bubbles that flew into the air, giving birth to large flies.

This creature was moving in such an absurd way, as its arms bent forward at an impossible angle, and with each step its body was releasing the noise that resembled grinding of teeth.

That disturbing sound wasn’t coming from the dead body, but from the constant wriggling of those disgusting teeth that were moving in a hideous way.

While the eyeballs kept shifting around, almost looking as if they were about to pop out.

This was certainly one of the most disgusting things Vritra had seen in his life. The longer he looked, the more twisted that monster appeared.

TAK–

All of a sudden, the insect hitting the window stopped and flew back towards that creature, as it plunged into one of its eyes, making a greenish-yellow pus leak out and burn the ground.

In the next moment, all the pupils constricted and focused on Vritra.

The moment his eyes locked with the monster’s, Vritra found it difficult to shift his gaze or move his body.

Slowly the world around him began to twist and he felt as if his entire body was becoming limp.

SCRIEEEEEEEEEEK

Terrifying scenes that could put primal fear in any living creature started playing in Vritra’s mind.

The loud piercing voice of the creature shook the wooden houses and seemed to almost break the window.

A trickle of blood leaked out from Vritra’s right eye as intense pain flooded his brain.

Right before he could completely lose his senses, Yennefer held his hand and pulled him away from the window, before covering it back.

She helped Vritra sit on the bed, then she cupped his face and spoke in a hurry:

"Are you alright? Can you hear me? VRITRA!! Here, have some water."

The empress hurriedly brought the water bottle close to his mouth and fed him some water, before wiping the trickle of blood with her sleeve.

"Haa... I am f-fine..." While breathing heavily, Vritra replied.

He felt like something just broke in his mind. Maybe this was really a bad idea, but he didn’t expect that just looking at it could deal so much damage.

"Just what did you see out there? Uh, why don’t you lie down first." Yennefer spoke as Vritra nodded and leaned back onto the pillow.

"It was a monster, that’s... all I can say." Vritra massaged his temples.

Just remembering the image of that thing made him feel a stabbing pain in the head.

"Everything is alright now, would you like to have some of these?" Yennefer’s voice was full of worry as she brought the packet of dry fruit close to him.

"No, I just need to sleep..." Vritra said as he yawned and pulled her hand, and before Yennefer knew it, she was wrapped tightly in Vritra’s embrace.

"..." Surprised at first, she tried to move but hearing his even breathing, the empress paused and gently lay her head over his arm and stared at his face.

’This isn’t all that bad, so warm and comfortable...’ Yennefer thought as her hands rose with slight hesitation, before sliding onto his body and pulling him closer.

As she pressed her body against him tightly, her heart steadied as his warmth consumed her.

The empress closed her eyes while lying intertwined in such an intimate position.

The two were stuck so close and tightly that they barely covered a small part of the bed.

Yennefer’s heart was beating like war drums and she found it hard to sleep.

His familiar scent and the feel of his muscles completely consumed her.

Soon even the noises from outside stopped bothering her as she fell asleep while clinging onto him with desperation.

She finally understood why those three women always crowded around him at night on the bed.

An hour or so after the two had fallen asleep, distant screams broke out from the outside that continued for dozens of minutes before finally dying down.

Almost everyone woke up from their sleep and knew that the town had lost more members once again.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...