Chapter 749 Luckiest Son-in-law

The Ford realm had been quite peaceful all this time, they didn't really face any problem.

After all, the demons were gone and even the dark organizations were all killed off, so there was no one to fight them.

The strength of the Ford family only increased.

Shen had completely taken over the family as Sir Giant had weakened by a lot after Art Yates took away his special physique.

Jean, the live-in son-in-law of the Ford family, had been nurtured by them, his strength had grown a lot in this time and so had his influence.

Although he had to marry that Tiny for this, but the overall result was great.

He was even happy, after all Art Yates, Teresa and others were all gone and probably were already dead, yet he was still here.

Holding so much power, his mother-in-law liked him quite a lot.

Jean preferred marrying a hoe like Tiny than dying like Art, how could that guy even compare to the awesome him.

And not to mention, he had already gained great control over his wife, she did whatever he wanted, fulfilled all his wishes, and was nothing more than his slave-

"Jean!! Stop daydreaming and get a glass of juice for Rikki and Fen, can't you see how tired they are? Or do you want to die?" Tiny shouted, bringing the dazed Jean to his senses.

"Ah S- Sorry ma'am, I will get the juice right away." He spoke in a hurry, while inwardly crying at his pitiful state.

What had he become?

"Tsk so damn useless, even a pig would be better than you. What use are you, your dick is so tiny it disappears before even reaching inside me!" Tiny said, shaking her head.

She was seated over the lap of a man while another man was licking her feet.

This was life, she really was like a queen.

'That's because your hole is too damn big, you whore!!' Jean retorted, though only in his mind.

He did get nurtured and gained influence but in front of Tiny who held his fate, he was nothing more than a slave.

No, far worse than a slave.

She was always with new men, recently it had gotten worse as she even wanted to see him surrounded by men.

It was some strange fantasy of hers she got to discover recently from some book.

Jean wanted to run away so badly but the wealth and influence of the Fords were too juicy, after tasting it he couldn't let go.

Even if he had to sacrifice his pride and ass for it.

Sighing to himself, he walked towards the kitchen, many guards and servants bowed and greeted him.

Though, the ones who knew inner secrets didn't have any respect for him.

"My dear son-in-law, how are you doing? Where are you going?" Sakshi was in a great mood as she strolled in the hallway and approached Jean.

That demon Art Yates and demoness Teresa had disappeared, Sir Giant and her useless husband Shen had tried to find them to the best of their abilities.

They even tried divinations and other methods and just now, the result that came from one of the divinations made her so happy that she had announced a big dinner party.

'Dead, they are both dead, haa has the air always smelled so good? Has my son-in-law always been this handsome, has the floor always been this clean, I feel like flying…'

She was too happy, her biggest problems were gone.

It was a pity that their slave, Teresa, whom she wanted to make work tirelessly for the rest of her life, was gone too.

But Art's death made her forget those worries. If there is no Teresa, then they could just find another talented person to create all those treasures for them.

Good riddance.

"I am going to bring juice for the lovers of my wife." Jean replied in a suppressed tone, after making sure no one could listen to them.

"Oh how wonderful, ask the kitchen to make it extra cold- oh uh, haha Tiny is still too young, let her play around a bit, once she matures, she will love only you." Sakshi's pupils moved to the left.

And Jean already knew that when she lied, her pupils moved like that.

'So even she knows her whore of a daughter is never going to get better, damnit!!' he cursed in his mind but maintained his polite expression.

"Yes yes, I know. She can play around all she wants, I can even ask the guards to play with her if she is not satisfied by those men she brings, we have a million or so guards right?"

Jean said then laughed as if it was a joke.

SLAP

"You fucking pig, how dare you say that about my daughter! Do you think she is a whore just because she played around a little? Do you want to die? Do you want to see the anger of the entire Ford family? Shennnn, look this basta-"

Jean was terrified, as he quickly knelt and pleaded: "N- No dea- COUGH dear mother-in-law, I was just joking, please don't kill me!" Jean begged.

"My little Jean, get up what are you doing? What will others think if they see you like this, you are my son-in-law, be more dignified." Sakshi really enjoyed the power over others' lives.

Yes, this is exactly how everyone should act, she is the queen, the goddess, all of them should be worshipping her.

'Tiny has been doing too much lately, it wouldn't be good if she got pregnant by some random man's child. I have to make sure she is taking precautions.' She thought.

"Have you seen Rich?" Sakshi asked, patting Jean's shoulder.

"Uh He… I think he was with father-in-law, they were talking about something important and asked me to leave." Jean replied.

"You motherfucking piece of shit, what are you still doing there? Where is the juice?!!" Tiny's loud voice rang out, scaring Jean.

DING DING

Just then the sound of a bell ringing was heard all across the big palace.

"Huh? This bell only rings when someone important has come unannounced and we have to quickly get to the meeting room." Sakshi mumbled.

'Haa I am saved.' Jean was relieved.

"I will deal with you later!" Tiny, who sat over the back of the man who was walking on all fours, said.

Then the four of them headed towards the meeting room wondering who the important person was.

Inside the meeting room, Shen, Sir Giant, and Rich were already present and in front of them sat various people.

The three hadn't expected them to come out of nowhere.

"Uh So how can we help you?" Shen asked, he could be all high and mighty in this world but in front of these people he was like a chicken.

"We have-" just as the man began to speak, the door was pushed open wildly and in rushed four people.

The horse slave, Tiny, Jean and Sakshi.

"W- Woah, the Divine Kage is here? Can I finally join your organization? Can I finally be free?" Jean asked, almost crying.

"No, we have received intel that Vritra Arclis has returned and he is here, are you hiding him?" the question stunned everyone in the room.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...