Chapter 139: Under the bed?

[Nether Eye Activated.]

Vritra used the third eye as he scanned the king’s room from outside, while Yasmine was also checking up if it was safe to go inside. After a few seconds, they both didn’t find any kind of problem.

"I think it is fine to go inside now. I can only sense the presence of a single person in there," Yasmine said.

Vritra nodded as he deactivated the Nether Eye. He couldn’t see completely through the darkness; the sight was a bit blurry, probably because of some treasure.

"It being so empty just makes me a bit nervous. Why isn’t there any guard or something there?" Vritra wondered out loud. Even though he had killed two of them, there should be more, right?

Just then, he noticed that at the door, a guard from one of the borders of the kingdom had arrived with important news related to demons. But the people guarding the door just wouldn’t let him enter, saying:

"For one day the king can’t meet anyone. He had ordered us to not let anyone inside, no matter how serious the matter is. He is in some kind of meditative state."

"One of our borders was breached by the demons! I have to tell the king about this, or the nasty demons would be upon us all in no time. This kingdom is in danger—just let me enter," the guard from the border said, but he wasn’t allowed to enter in the end.

Vritra found it a bit strange. He had seen the king during the day, and he was in such great mood; he wondered what all of this was about after all.

"Well, let’s just go inside, borrow the ring and leave," Vritra thought as he took a deep breath and passed through the room’s wall, putting a mask over his face—just in case.

After entering the room, he came out of the Fourth Dimension and landed softly on the floor. Without wasting a moment, he looked around once again and saw that the room was filled with treasures and jewels.

He moved closer to the bed, which was surrounded by a flowing canopy, suspended from above, forming a delicate barrier of fabric.

It looked like the royal room from dramas. Vritra and Yasmine had sensed that the king—who was the only person in the room—should be on the bed.

He slowly pushed aside the silky cloth and narrowed his eyes as he focused in the darkness. His passive skill seemed to be having a hard time right now.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Startled +1}

As his vision adjusted better, Vritra was surprised to see that the bed was completely empty. That shouldn’t have been the case.

The bad feeling in his heart grew as he looked around, and soon his gaze landed on a particular thing hanging over the wall.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Baffled +1}

’W-What the fuck?!!’ Vritra cursed and took a step back. Sweat appeared on his forehead as a single drop slid across his face and fell to the floor.

DRIP

There on the wall was the corpse of King Aldric, hung with a large sword piercing through his chest—pinning him to the wall.

There wasn’t a drop of blood leaking, and the king’s body had absolutely no presence. When scanning the room earlier, both Yasmine and Vritra believed it to be nothing more than some antique hanging on the wall.

Aldric’s body was incredibly thin, as if every drop of blood had been sucked out of his body, and he had been dead for several years.

’Wait, if the king’s body had no presence, then who was it that we had sensed?’ Vritra’s heartbeat increased slightly as he gasped in bewilderment.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Startled +1}

"Hurry up and just take the ring, let’s get out of here immediately," Yasmine reminded him in a hurry.

Whoever was the other person in the room, they were definitely hiding under the bed. Vritra jumped onto the bed in haste, swallowing his saliva as he activated the Fourth Dimension but kept only his hands outside—his fingers up to the wrist.

He began to take off the rings from the king, but it was like they were stuck on his bones. He exerted a bit more strength and then... Vritra accidentally pulled off the entire finger along with the ring.

He was surprised, but soon he went towards the second ring and again, it was stuck. He pulled hard and only tore off another finger of his hand.

After that, Vritra just collected all eight of the fingers and threw them into his inventory. Then even his hands disappeared as he ran out of the room at full speed.

After flying for a few seconds and arriving some distance away from the castle, Vritra let out a long breath that he had been holding unconsciously.

That was such a strange situation. Vritra had a feeling that he had accidentally been caught in some kind of conspiracy.

"What the hell was that? Who killed the king?" Vritra finally let out all his shock as he shouted, while still in his disappearing state.

"I think there is a big conspiracy going on behind the scenes. First the Nine Pacts, then the demons... something much bigger is about to happen here," Yasmine said in a solemn tone.

"I think there is a high chance that the person who killed the king wasn’t from the Nine Pacts, not even a demon. Then does that mean there is a third power at play here?" Vritra pondered to himself as he continued.

"Maybe the killer had some way to know that we were scanning the room, and that is why he hid himself.

I don’t think he was there to steal anything, and with how hard he was trying to hide, it must be that shifting-the-blame game. Fuck, how is my luck so bad?

That bastard—hoo, we shouldn’t curse the dead. Aldric looked so jolly during the day, and he was killed the same night? And I ended up right at the crime scene, just after the crime was committed." Vritra felt frustrated at his shitty luck.

But at least he had succeeded in his mission, though the situation had just become extremely dangerous.

"I think the same too. Nine Pacts could easily control the king, and the demons have a deal with the Nine Pacts, so I doubt those two would kill him. Then yeah, someone is trying to stir big trouble.

Killing a king is a very big matter, even for a small kingdom like that. Many strong people would be coming to this place to investigate,"

Yasmine added, wondering how her hubby always managed to find trouble even if he could have just happily stayed in his room, in his mother’s comforting and warm embrace.

"Whatever, I will think about it later. We will have to leave this kingdom as soon as tomorrow. Damnit!!" Vritra cursed again, and then decided to check if all this trouble actually bore him some benefit or not.

He took out the eight fingers of the king. They were very skinny, and the skin was stuck to the ring’s body. There was absolutely no blood in any of the fingers.

Vritra instantly got to work as he began to separate the fingers and the rings.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...