Chapter 671 Warning!!

[Blood Demon Transformation!!]

Vritra used the transformation for the first time, his body becoming intangible.

He truly looked like a demonic figure. Right at that moment, the ground tore open as the enormous mutant opened its mouth again.

While the bees kept launching mental attacks, Vritra's body just deformed, disappearing completely.

Droplets of blood flew all across the sky, completely engulfing the group of bees.

Each droplet then turned into knives, unaffected by anything.

SWISH SWISH

In the next second, the blood knives began to move at extreme speed, piercing through the bodies of the bees.

The queen kept launching mental attacks but it was of no use, she couldn't even find his real body.

The group of eight humans who were trying to flee suddenly had their feet explode, their bodies falling with a crunching thud.

At the same time, two enormous blood hands appeared, clutching both sides of the mouth of the swallowing mutant.

The hands were nearly as big as its own body. The mutant let out an ear-piercing scream as the blood hands began to rip its mouth apart.

In the Blood Demon Transformation, Vritra's strength had increased way higher than he expected, this was made perfectly for him.

Normally after ascension, people could indeed transform but their bodies didn't transform completely.

It was near impossible to have an ascension path custom built for oneself, so they could only transform their body parts.

Using a certain extent of the power.

The eight humans quickly had their limbs torn before they had a chance to react, their faces full of dread.

The noseless guy regretted not having run away when he had the time, he should have just gone back.

Within a minute, nearly all the bees in the sky were dead, the queen bee still resisting fiercely.

Then launching a powerful mental attack and stopping the knives mere inches from her, she flew away in haste.

On the ground, blood poured out from the sides of the enormous mutant's mouth as the two blood hands kept trying to rip its mouth.

BANG

With a loud bang, the mouth shut and the mutant ran back into the ground.

Vritra didn't chase it, he just wanted to scare the mutant so it would stay in the ground for a while.

His strength was still not enough to kill that big thing.

'Over four hundred bees! Not bad.' He shot after the queen bee but her mental power stopped him from getting closer.

He tried his best to kill it but only managed to injure it.

He sighed in disappointment seeing the queen bee fly away in haste.

Vritra could give it a chase but he might end up running into even more dangerous mutants then, so it was better not to.

Though now he would have to be careful, it seemed the queen bee wouldn't let this be the end of the battle.

The blood converged and Vritra's real body appeared once again, though he was still in the Blood Demon Transformation.

"It consumed a lot of energy, especially creating those two hands. Hmm it feels there is still so much potential in this ascension path, I will have to understand it better."

As his body returned to normal, the others slowly descended from the sky, a bloody platform under their feet.

『

[Stats]

(Strength:161)

(Agility:168)

(Endurance:163)

(Spiritual:210)

{Free Attribute:16}

』

{Sin Points:51,423}

"The sky could be more dangerous than the land, so we will have to cover the remaining distance by walking." Vritra spoke.

But his ability could certainly help them move on the ground too.

[Warning!]

Suddenly, a message flashed before Vritra and the nine others.

They looked at each other in surprise, then more messages flashed.

[An abnormality has been detected inside the game planet!]

[The Administrators will be cleaning all abnormalities.]

"What is this now? Are the gods coming down or something?" Yasmine frowned, her gaze turning to Vritra.

Who looked equally confused, and turned to the only person with answers.

"Divine?"

"Yes?"

BOOM!!

CRACK!!

Vritra was again surprised as he heard the sound of battle from the other side, a really intense battle.

"Can you talk right now?" he questioned.

"Uwaaaaaaaaah M- My heart, give it back!!" a painful voice rang out.

"Yeah I can talk just fine, is it about the message you saw just now?" Divine asked. Vritra imagined him holding someone's heart, then spoke:

"Yes, are we the abnormality? Are the gods coming after us?"

KRRRRRRRR

BANG

"Heh you think those lousy gods can catch a trick of mine so easily? Of course the abnormality isn't you, but some forces out of their control have entered the game." Divine replied, then a tearing sound rang out.

"Who are you even fighting? Anyway, this will affect us too, right? You have any plans for this?" Vritra asked, sighing.

This guy was still as mysterious as ever, what forces could be out of the gods' control.

"Of course, it will affect you, those people specifically entered to kill you after all. Remember that World Bank? It is the protector of that place who breached into this place to catch you." Divine answered, as various screams rang out.

He didn't answer the first question.

Vritra: "…"

Even though it was his stupidity that he played around with the bomb, he couldn't even remember why he did that.

It was just like how he threw away the love pill without any thought, like he was guided by some unknown force.

Though it helped Yennefer, Vritra wondered what happened with the rest of the pill.

Unknown to him, when those protectors of the World Bank had broken into this planet, an additional figure had sneaked in.

"So… what are we supposed to do now?" he asked, it was already so troublesome to fight the mutants, humans and players.

Since they had started so late.

"Just try to reach the tower as before, what's there to worry about?" Divine replied.

"…" Vritra felt like punching him, he was returning to his shitty personality.

"Alright alright, stop murdering me in your thoughts. Their aim should be to capture you, as long as you are careful, you will be fine. Also be careful of the Administrators, they work under the gods." Then he went silent.

Vritra massaged his temple, suddenly the game's difficulty had risen to near impossible.

"The situation is kinda fucked…" sighing, he explained it to the others, their expressions turning grim too.

"How could… how could we be stupid enough to sacrifice ourselves to protect that jerk?" Yasmine cursed.

Teresa too had a frown, though she didn't curse out loud.

"Let's keep moving, we just have to be careful of the protectors and administrators while fighting against the humans, mutants and players, pretty simple." Vritra spoke.

Landing on the ground, a cart with big wheels made of blood appeared.

His control was way better now, so this was no problem.

***

On the same planet, a woman with blonde hair appeared, sneaking into the game.

Her face was emotionless as she looked around and soon set her sight on a figure very very far away.

Instantly her expression changed, a strange look appearing in her eyes, almost appearing crazed.

"Finally!! I have found you, my love~"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...