Chapter 584 The Cleansing [R-18]

"Mmm~?" Fiona's eyes widened, shock filling her mind as she felt him start to devour her lips.

He sucked on her sweet, sweet lips, his tongue licking them.

'R- Right, he needs to remove this cursed energy…' Fiona thought and just let him eat up her lips, as he sucked and nibbled on them.

But then his tongue moved past her lips, moving deeper into her mouth.

Fiona questioned if it was really just removing the curse or…

She removed all useless thoughts and remembered something.

'That's right, I accidentally got some of that pattern into my mouth, master must be trying to clean that up.'

Fiona thought, allowing his tongue to go deeper into her mouth.

A shiver ran down her body as his tongue touched hers before entangling into a steamy mess, he pulled it forward to properly suck out the cursed energy.

"Mmphh~" Fiona moaned faintly into his mouth, as their lips pressed together, her tongue pulled into his mouth.

SLURP

Vritra enjoyed the sweet taste of chocolate and her saliva, biting her soft tongue, cleansing the evil energy properly.

The passionate cleansing lasted a few minutes, as Fiona felt her mouth melting, as she gulped the mix of their saliva.

Finally their lips separated, Vritra gave her no time to relax, it was a fight against time after all.

He licked her chin, before moving down and biting the soft creamy skin of her neck, sucking hard.

Her already taut body became sweeter, without leaving a spot he continued to suck and bite her neck.

While Fiona sincerely cooperated, leaning her head back a bit and giving better access to her neck as he ravished her skin.

Then his mouth moved to her shoulder, his teeth sinking lightly into her tender skin, as Fiona did her best to contain all her moans.

She bit her lip again but could still feel the sensation of his mouth and his taste.

'T- This is all for cleansing, master is hmmm helping me. I have to be sincere.' Fiona kept reminding herself, all other thoughts were discarded since they were the cursed energy's thoughts.

The holy priest licked and sucked over her shoulder, covering her pale skin with dark bite marks.

"You are Mmm doing great, I have devoured some of the evil energy. It is very powerful, don't SLURP don't move at all, let me devour it all." Vritra held her slender arm and licked over her skin.

Then his tongue moved over her cleavage, he sucked on the inner side of her left boob, licking the smooth and soft surface.

His mouth was already covered in chocolate by now, and this whole act as always was so lewd and fun.

Biting the soft flesh and sucking on it, Vritra started to cleanse her breasts, licking all over.

"Hmm~" Fiona almost moaned as the tip of his tongue circled around her right nipple, licking the chocolate over her areola.

And then…

SLURP

Vritra took her chocolaty nipple into his mouth and gave a hard suck, pinching it between his tongue and the upper side of his mouth.

Her taste along with the chocolate, it was just heavenly.

It almost felt as if chocolaty milk was coming out of her nipples, as he continued to suck.

His tongue rubbed and poked her hard pink nipple, making sure not a tiny bit of evil curse was left behind.

After he had eaten all the chocolate from the right nipple, he pulled his mouth back as the nipple came out with a pop.

Giving it a lick, he moved to the other boob, licking all over the skin first and devouring the patterns.

Finally he opened his mouth wide and took a big bite on her marshmallow-like boob, pulling a big amount in.

"Haa!" Her body arched upward, as Fiona pushed her chest forward, she was getting too sensitive.

Which just meant that the cleansing was actually working, she just needed to wait a bit longer and all the evil energy would be gone.

She just had to trust the holy priest.

Vritra's tongue rubbed around her nipple, licking her areola and sucking hard to stretch her nipple a bit in his mouth.

SLURP SLURP

He didn't let go of that nipple until he was completely satisfied, and it turned red and swollen.

Just when Fiona was about to moan, Vritra pulled back, leaving her tortured nipple alone.

"You are doing really great, just a bit more and everything will be fine. What you must be feeling right now is the evil energy leaving you, it feels good, right?" Vritra said before diving back in.

His lips landed over her soft belly, there was so much pattern over her belly and Vritra took his time eating it all up.

His tongue drifted all over her smooth shivering belly, her skin feeling so soft, he couldn't help but bite again and again.

The sound of his slurping and her muffled moans were the only things that could be heard in the room.

Vritra held her waist, licking the chocolate off even from the sides, biting her skin and sucking it, marking all over her body.

After taking his time on her stomach, Vritra moved to her thighs, eating them up would be even more fun.

He held her legs, and pulled the soft skin of her thigh into his mouth, licking her inner thighs.

Fiona tightly clutched the bedsheet, she was barely holding back her moans.

He was so thoroughly devouring her body, the evil energy, she couldn't believe the holy priest was risking his life and going through all this just for her.

After she was saved, she would definitely repay his kindness.

Just as her thoughts were drifting away, she felt his lips moving dangerously close to her vagina.

He licked her thighs very close to her entrance, then paused and pulled his lips back, giving her a warning:

"What I am going to do is the most dangerous part of this ritual, you have to be extra careful. If you let out any noise, the curse will move to your core and removing it will be even more difficult."

'W- What does he mean-'

Then he leaned forward, giving a long hard lick on her shuddering petals, as her mind became empty of all thoughts.

But somehow she managed to remain silent.

Vritra sucked her lower lips, licking them with some force as he cleaned all the chocolate and now it was time to clean her insides.

He pressed his thumbs on either side of her petals and pulled them apart, as the insides became completely visible.

Her juices and chocolate completely covered her pussy walls.

Hurriedly, Vritra smashed his lips against hers, as his tongue drove deep into her cave.

Instantly the taste of her sweet juices and chocolate filled his mouth.

SLURP

Vritra sucked hard, his tongue rubbing and poking all over her folds as he began the internal cleansing.

Fiona's mouth opened wide as she gasped for breath, she could clearly feel his tongue rampaging inside her pussy.

Vritra tightly held her body as he enjoyed the tight sensation of her fleshy insides, her folds clung so tightly to it.

He forcefully moved his tongue, brushing against chocolaty folds and going in deeper, drinking the mix of her warm juices and chocolate.

"Ahhhnnnn~" Fiona suddenly moaned loudly, her hands pressed against his head, as she pushed her vagina tighter against his mouth and orgasmed.

'W- What have I done?!!' But after a moment she realised she had made a blunder.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...