Chapter 70: The Detestable

’Oof, how much love I am receiving, look how excited they all are.’ Vritra, who was slowly descending from the sky, was gloating as the Sin Points literally rained down. All the people were too kind to give him so much.

"Hahaha, sure, they really are very happy to see you. I can’t believe you made all fourteen thousand people hate you just by your appearance." Yasmine laughed. Seeing Vritra act like that and the reaction of the people was just too funny.

All the people were staring at him in stunned silence, then many began to curse and mock him for his intro and the words written on his clothes. He seemed to have become the public enemy, but what mattered were just the Sin Points.

{Sin Point Gained: Mocked +10,915}

{Sin Point Gained: Belittled +11,129}

...

Vritra looked around at the crowd. A couple of minutes had passed, yet with his slow descending speed he was still several meters high in the sky.

"What the hell do you think you are doing? Get down here immediately, how long do you plan to stay up there, Dadd—warrior 669?" Uranus shouted, his face turning red from anger. Never in a battle had he become this angry at any warrior.

"Oh sorry, I am a little bad at landing." Vritra spoke, his voice sounding much heavier, as he increased his speed.

"That’s him!!" both Diana and Vanessa exclaimed. They could both recognize that it was Vritra, but they couldn’t understand why he was doing all that, so they just observed silently.

All of a sudden, it seemed Vritra slipped in the air as he swung his arms around and began to fall down. The crowd instantly became happy.

{Sin Point Gained: Laughed At +14,268}

{Sin Point Gained: Mocked +14,197}

{Sin Point Gained: Worried +2}

...

"Serves you right, damnit, this is what karma looks like. Now drop dead, dadd- damn it. I am still so pissed, this guy is a demon."

"Hahaha, fall to your death, bastard. You’re the greatest man in the world? Haha, throw him away from the stage, you can’t let him fight— or just let me fight and kill him."

But unlike what everyone was hoping for, Vritra suddenly rolled and safely landed on his feet. Then he waved at the audience.

{Sin Point Gained: Disappointed +14,333}

{Sin Point Gained: Cursed +13,863}

...

"Shit, I am betting a hundred gold coins that he will be beaten to death by all the thousand participants. I can’t even see his face, but I hate that smug look more than anything."

"So detestable, darn it, even god doesn’t want him there."

"Go Daddy V, Go!! You can do it, Daddy V, you are the most most most most most goated man in the world. Go brother!!!"

{Sin Point Gained: Encouraged +1}

"Huh? Who is this baldy, why are you praising him so much? Are you a monk? Did he pay you to say that? Hey everyone, get this baldy bastard, he is with Daddy V."

And so, Monk Shitless ran away from his seat to hide as several people ran behind him to beat him up.

"Tch, let’s not waste any more time and start the fight. All of you are free to make groups, and even if all of you were to target a single participant it would be alright.

And even if you accidentally end up beating him half to death, it will also be fine." Uranus announced. His hate towards Vritra seemed even higher than the others.

’Sigh, this is really embarrassing, but at least I am getting a lot of Sin Points. Things are going to become even more chaotic now.’ Vritra sighed as he adjusted his mask. He didn’t want his real identity to be revealed, while Yasmine kept laughing.

"The battle starts NOW!!" Uranus announced, his voice very loud as the crowd also roared— most of them encouraging others to kill Daddy V.

The warriors grinned as they looked around. Many even fixed their sights on Vritra, but before the fight could start, a loud shout reverberated.

"STOP EVERYONE!!"

{Sin Point Gained: Surprised +15,024}

{Sin Point Gained: Glared At +14,261}

...

Uranus became extremely furious.

"COUGH As you all already know, I am the most important person among everyone present here, and I have absolutely no interest in the shitty pigsty position of a guard.

That’s too low for someone like me, and only lowlife bugs, beggars, sewer rats like you all would want it." Vritra spoke, his voice full of arrogance and ridicule.

{Sin Point Gained: Aggravated +15,190}

{Sin Point Gained: Enraged +14,597}

{Sin Point Gained: Vowed Vengeance +10,986}

{Sin Point Gained: Snapped +4,423}

...

Vritra’s words had instantly enraged everyone, but he was not yet finished. With his hands behind his back and the cape fluttering despite there being no wind, he walked around casually; each step meant to belittle others.

"So here is an offer for you all gutter bugs— if any single one of you can manage to make me bleed, then you would directly receive the job.

If you can cut any of my limbs, then you would be given the job of a guard commander directly. And if you could injure me seriously, then you would get an even higher-ranked position in the castle.

If you don’t believe me, the revered goddess would confirm my words." Vritra said, his voice ringing around the entire arena.

The people were confused as they instinctively looked at Diana, who seemed just as confused, but she nodded her head, making all the people baffled.

"Is your son alright? What is he doing this for?" Diana whispered to Vanessa, who just shrugged her shoulders and looked at Vritra worriedly.

"Is he one of those who likes getting hit... masochist? Does he want to be killed by challenging more than a thousand people?" one of the warriors holding a blade muttered.

"Who cares? We have to snatch his limbs before others. Our life would be set if we could become one of the commanders. This is a godsent opportunity," another warrior added.

"Brothers, let’s slaughter this shameless Daddy V! I would be happy as long as anyone could cut off his tongue. I will offer two hundred gold coins to that person."

...

Similar discussions broke out among all the participants. They instantly became excited. How could just one person fight against so many of them? So it wasn’t a question of if he could be killed, but who would be the ones to reap benefits from his death.

"Go for it! Go for it!!" Uranus, who was supposed to stop this madness, was cheering on the warriors.

’Will he be alright?’ Vanessa felt nervous. Vritra stood surrounded by more than a thousand men with all kinds of weapons. She believed in him but still felt worried.

{Sin Point Gained: Locked On +1,132}

{Sin Point Gained: Glared At +10,536}

{Sin Point Gained: Hesitated +1,131}

...

Vritra noticed that despite all his harsh remarks and cursing, these people were hesitating since he seemed to have some kind of connection with the goddess.

All of them wanted to rush forward and attack him, but they were afraid of the consequences.

So, he decided to give them the final push.

____________

Thanks for reading...