Chapter 146: Disappeared

Vritra carefully made his way back to the castle. Even though more than twelve hours had passed in the labyrinth, only a little over two hours had passed outside. It was still dark.

He returned to his room and took a bath, then he returned to his bed. Vritra couldn’t sleep for the remainder of the night, as he just lay there thinking of various possibilities.

If that BBC cult was as twisted as Yasmine said, then they just might try to drag him into even more danger. Psychos like that would love nothing more than seeing others fight and suffer. There was danger from all sides.

...

As the sky turned bright, Vritra anxiously waited for any kind of change, but nothing out of the ordinary happened. Not even the news of the king’s death had been leaked yet.

After his bath and getting dressed, Vritra told Vanessa about the change in their schedule. He even told her about the shocking news of the king’s death and a bit about the danger.

Vanessa knew that with her power she couldn’t make a difference, and his decision seemed to be the best. She accepted all his words without saying anything.

After that, Vritra went to meet Fiona. The beautiful girl was pleasantly surprised to see her boyfriend right as she walked out of her room. She jumped into his arms and gave him a kiss.

The two entered her room, and Vritra told her about the changes in the plan. She was surprised, but she too accepted and began to prepare to leave early.

Finally, Vritra went to meet the goddess, who was just about to go meet her worshippers who had come there to pray to her.

"Is everything alright?" Diana asked as she watched Vritra act a bit differently than usual. His playful side seemed to be missing.

"There is a change in the plans. We will be leaving the kingdom right as it gets dark," Vritra said after Diana had formed a barrier around them.

"Huh? Did something really happen?" Diana asked with concern in her tone. There wasn’t much that could make this Demon Monarch this anxious.

"Yes, the king is dead, and... well, more danger is approaching. It would be better to leave this place as soon as possible," Vritra added while massaging his temples. He should have just gathered the three women together instead of relaying the message one at a time.

"W-What?!! Alfred is dead? Who could have killed him? D-Don’t tell me you did it?" Diana asked suspiciously.

"Of course I didn’t. I went into his room and I found him dead there. Anyway, make the preparations. We will be leaving tonight," he replied with a shake of his head. Previously, he did plan to kill the king, but someone else got to it before him.

"Wait, won’t that make us seem suspicious? Investigations will be carried out as soon as the news leaks, and we might be the first suspects," Diana said with a frown.

"Even if we stay here, we would only be waiting for death. So don’t try to use your brain and do as I told you. Make sure everything is ready by tonight," Vritra said before leaving her behind. Diana canceled the prayer time and instead began to prepare.

...

It was the calm before the storm. Vritra went back to his room and sat down beside his mother. He glanced at the system panel and saw that there was still more than one day left before the merging of the Divine Sin Arrow completed.

It would have been better if that thing got ready—maybe it could have increased his chances of survival.

But it is what it is.

He had prepared as much as he could, and the rest depended on luck. And Vritra’s luck was as good as the smell from a gutter full of rotting corpses and shit, on most occasions.

"Honey, everything will be fine. I wish I could help you in any way." Vanessa sat beside him with an upset look on her face. She had never seen her son being so anxious.

"I know, Mom. Don’t worry, I can handle this much." Vritra smiled at his mother, and the two soon began to eat lunch. He wished to spend some peaceful time with her—after all, the night was going to be extremely dangerous.

After eating and chatting about random calming things, Vritra and Vanessa walked out of the temple to take a walk around as usual.

They were just walking when Vritra saw the twin brothers walking toward the temple with a lost expression on their faces.

Paro and Taro had gone out with Max to have a drink since he seemed quite broken; he wasn’t himself. After drinking quite a bit last night, the three were completely wasted and slept on the streets. But when they woke up, Max had disappeared. People said that they had seen a few burly men dragging him along with them.

They tried to search for him everywhere but couldn’t. They informed the guards, who took up the search for Max.

But much to the disappointment of the two teenagers, no news about Max would be found until a few days later. And even then, they would only obtain the news that Max had been sold in a slave market to a strange old man with strange fetishes.

And exactly one month later, Max’s corpse was found.

Back to the present—the twins seemed quite depressed as they walked forward without any motivation. But suddenly, their eyes widened as the two saw the most seductive woman they had ever seen, like the most beautiful succubus straight out of any fantasy.

"..." The two froze and stared absentmindedly at Vanessa, and finally Taro asked, "Janito—Cough—Vritra, who is this?"

"..." Vritra, who was already in a bad mood, chose to ignore them as he took Vanessa’s hand and began walking in the opposite direction.

But the twins were way too curious as they walked behind them and asked one of the guards about it—only to be shocked by the news.

"W-What?!! That’s his mother?" The two were quite shocked. She always looked very beautiful and hot, but right now her charms were already off the charts—much higher than any woman on Earth.

"H-Hey Vritra, can we talk to you?" Taro was the first to speak as he walked hastily. Previously, they were afraid of Vanessa on Earth, but here, they were a lot more confident in themselves.

"FUCK OFF!" Vritra frowned and held back. He already had a lot on his plate and just wanted some peaceful time with Vanessa.

"Tch. You janitor, just stay silent. Hello ma’am, my name is Paro and you look quite beautiful, do you think we can—" Paro began to speak, but the next moment...

WHOOSH

The sound of a blade tearing through the air was heard, and Vritra cut off Paro’s hand with a sword made of dust. But no blood spurted as all of it was kept away by the Sand of Blood.

Paro was frozen with terror. For a moment, he couldn’t understand anything. As he looked down at his severed right arm, his eyes were filled with pain and horror—but just as he opened his mouth to let out a painful wail, dust poured into his mouth.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...