Chapter 80: Hissss!

The slightly dark office remained silent for a few seconds, as the seven men wearing the golden masks stared into empty spaces as if they were nothing more than statues.

Then a man wearing the same black robe and a black mask hurriedly walked inside and passed a letter to each man after bowing respectfully. From the shivering of his body, it could be noticed how nervous and fearful he was.

"Sir, I have brought the latest report," the black masked man said and then waited there silently. The seven men picked up the reports and went through them quickly. On the masks, each of the seven men had a number written on it.

None of them were aware of each other’s real identity and only used those numbers to address one another.

"So the tomb has finally been found," Number Five muttered, his voice rather emotionless.

"Haha! So when are we leaving to go there? I heard there is some great treasure hidden in the tomb." Number Three appeared to be a psycho; even his clothes and mask were covered in blood.

"We have little information about that tomb. More than thirty men who had gone there to explore the area have already lost their lives. We could only personally make the move," Number Two spoke. Despite the grave news, his voice was calm.

"Tch, those sniffing dogs got a smell of the tomb too. Ha, I guess it can’t be helped. They are always on our tails, so we would just have to be careful against them. They can be quite annoying," Number One muttered as he threw away the report.

These seven men had been dispatched by the Nine Pact to the Dunshire Kingdom. They had several purposes in doing so; on the surface, they were performing various kinds of research, but they also had to find out more about a secret that the Nine Pact had discovered from ancient texts.

A tomb!!

Nothing was known about it except for the general location and the fact that it held a great treasure that could easily sway the power scale of a universe. So how could anyone not want something of that calibre?

"We will be going into the tomb soon, so all of you should finish your preparations by tonight. Has there been any other big change or breakthroughs in the research?" Number One asked after a moment.

"No sir, one subject is showing some special effects. We will be shifting that subject to this place today. Aside from the death of the golden knight, there have not been any big changes," the man in the black mask reported.

The man who had been by the king’s side had the number Six written on his mask. For a moment, he pondered about Vritra. Even though he was insignificant, it was still possible that he might be the pawn of someone on the opposite side.

’Well, it doesn’t matter, he will be taken care of soon.’ Number Six thought as he soon began thinking of some other matter. The king was hesitant to directly deal with Vritra because of the goddess, but the Nine Pact was not afraid of anyone in this small kingdom.

"Hurry everything up. Our motives aren’t hidden from others any longer, so it would be difficult to stay here for too long unless we succeed," Number Two spoke, then stood up and disappeared.

The tense atmosphere remained in the office even after the seven numbered men had disappeared from there.

’H- How terrifying, they are all monsters and to think they are just low tier leaders in the Nine Pact. No wonder most of the biggest families and organisations are afraid of our Nine Pact.’ The black masked man remained standing there even after dozens of minutes, fear creeping in his body.

Achoo!

Vritra sneezed suddenly during his casual walk in the market street, as another wave of sin points rained down.

{Sin Point Gained: Cared for +41}

{Sin Point Gained: Envied +53}

{Sin Point Gained: Awed +83}

...

Rubbing his nose, Vritra mumbled, "Is someone talking about me?"

He was still wondering about how to find the location of the Divine Sin Tomb. Aside from the name, he knew nothing about it. It could be anywhere in such a large kingdom.

Yasmine had been quiet for some time now. Vritra wondered if she was pondering deeply about the current situation, so he asked in his mind, ’What are you thinking about?’

"Hmm, I was thinking that with the speed you are moving at, it won’t be long before you end up with a couple more wives. I was wondering who is going to be next. A dragon, a succubus, a goddess, a phoenix... and then what?" Her tone was quite solemn as she spoke, as if this was really a very serious matter.

Vritra: "..."

’Don’t worry, I will remember all your teasing and once you get your body, I will make you regret all of it. Haa, just you wait...’

"Hehe, stop tempting me, hubby," Yasmine giggled.

’Believe me, I will—’

HISSSS!

Just as Vritra was about to speak, he felt something rustling close to his feet and then he heard that hissing sound.

It was a snake, and for some reason, Vritra was reminded of Monk Shitless’s words.

’Be careful of the snake.’

Instinctively, he stepped to the side in a hurry and barely avoided stepping on the snake, which soon disappeared into one of the alleys. But in his hurry, Vritra didn’t see where he stepped.

THUMP

He bumped into a black robed man who was carrying a cubical box over half a meter large. The force of the strike was enough to make the man stumble as he fell on his butt.

THUD

The box fell from his hand, and the lid of the box opened and something round rolled out of it.

Just a moment ago, that man had taken the box from someone else inside a small hotel. He was advised to close the lock after checking, but he had forgotten to lock the door and that’s why, after the fall, the box opened.

Vritra was about to help the man when his gaze landed on the round object and his mind froze for a moment, though none of the reaction was visible outside.

It was a human head—and one that Vritra was all too familiar with.

It was the head of a slightly older woman: his class teacher.

Mrs. Mia. Vritra was shocked to see that head of his teacher, but outwardly, his expression remained calm.

The black robed man hastily got up and picked the head up and stored it in the box. Then he glanced around, and after making sure no one else had noticed it, his gaze returned to Vritra.

Killing intent flashed in his eyes. He couldn’t let any of the secrets of the Nine Pact out, so the only option was to kill Vritra.

"Oh man, nice prop. It looked so real. Damn, was it some kind of mask? Are you preparing for Halloween? I would love to buy one myself. Anyway, if we meet ever in the future, I am definitely getting such a mask. I am in a bit of a hurry right now," Vritra said as he patted the shoulder of the other man and released a helpless sigh.

______________

Thanks for reading...