Chapter 327: Half the Hands, Double the Trouble

Vritra paused as he observed the abomination that was more than twice as tall as him, it seemed to have gone mad as all the eyes on its body burst out suddenly, with dozens upon dozens of disgusting insects pouring out.

BUZZZZZ

The insects flew in all directions, and finally they located Vritra.

They let out strange buzzing sounds that seemed to calm down the abomination.

The creature adjusted its body in a strange way, twisting it so that the abomination’s height was reduced to nearly 7 feet.

Its skin was torn by its own teeth, then it wriggled and, like worms, the skin began to connect.

It seemed that the creature was changing itself according to the circumstances.

{Sin RipMaw: An experiment that failed to give satisfactory results, and was dumped into the abandoned realm. Cleanse the dumping realm and obtain Sin Coins!!}

Suddenly a message flashed in front of Vritra’s eyes. Just while he was watching the changes in the abomination’s body in bewilderment, the creature had started to look a bit more humane in terms of body structure, though a lot more disgusting.

’What the hell? Such a creature is just a failed experiment? And what is this Sin Coin now?’ Vritra thought, but he was startled when all the insects charged in his direction.

[Book of Dimensions Activated.]

Vritra just threw all the insects into the book, then he wondered if he could just do the same with this RipMaw-named creature, but just as he was about to try, the creature’s body flashed and it disappeared.

{Sin Point Gained: Ambushed +1}

The abomination’s speed had increased all of a sudden by several times and even the forbidden skill seemed to have stopped taking effect.

Vritra soon formed a link — these creatures were probably also created by the Divine, things that could adjust to any situation, so there was little chance that his skills could work for long.

WHOOOSH

SCCRRIIIIIRRRRRRR

A deafening sound suddenly echoed just beside Vritra.

He glanced to the side and saw countless eyes of the creature focused on him.

He didn’t even have the time to activate any skill as the abomination opened its mouth to a twisted degree before biting down hard on his left hand.

SCRUNCH

Splish

With the sound of bone crunching and flesh being torn, the abomination’s teeth sank deep into Vritra’s arm as it tore his flesh, ripping his arm away from a little above the elbow.

"Aaaah!!" Unbearable pain shot through his body as blood splattered and poison entered Vritra’s body.

Tiny insects wriggled into his arm through the wound.

[Intra Shuffle Activated.]

Vritra endured the pain as he jumped back and used Intra Shuffle to close the wound and push all the tiny insects out, even stopping the flow of blood to prevent the poison from spreading.

In an instant, the veins in his left arm had turned black. He might have died within a few seconds if he had not stopped the blood flow.

[Nether Eye Activated.]

As the third eye appeared on his forehead, Vritra could finally follow the speed of the abomination, but it was still too fast for him to react in time or flee from.

[Shift Activated.]

[Strength + Endurance → Agility]

His best chance at killing the creature, despite the power difference, was Blood Lock, but for that he needed to make it bleed.

’But will the Blood Lock even work on it?’ Vritra wondered, but he had no choice but to try it.

KRIIIIIEEEEEEEEEKKKK

The abomination let out another furious roar as it shot towards Vritra, attacking him from behind. There were sharp teeth all over its body and those creepy eyes.

[SUCK! SUCK! SUCK! Activated.]

[Book of Dimensions Activated.]

The hybrid skill Intra Shuffle was activated on its own just in the nick of time as his body twisted in a way that the chances of the abomination hitting his vital parts decreased.

HISSSS...

Getting desperate, Vritra threw the long snake at the abomination to create even a tiny disturbance, but the moment the snake came in contact with its body, it was just ground into minced meat.

Then he used SUCK! SUCK! SUCK! Vritra had hoped to absorb the RipMaw’s energy, but it was like there was no energy in its body, so he failed.

But he still succeeded in making the abomination stumble with this skill.

Holding the long knife in his left hand, Vritra charged forward at just the right moment, and before the impact he shifted all the points to strength.

CHIIIIIII

Thankfully the knife was able to pierce through the skin of the creature, plunging deep inside it, but...

’Why is there no blood?’ Vritra felt a shiver. Just as he had expected, the Blood Lock was useless as well.

The abomination let out a loud angry screech, but before it could rip Vritra’s body to pieces, the person in front of it disappeared.

’Fuck, killing it is going to be really hard.’ Vritra moved at the fastest speed, creating some distance. He just left the knife buried in its body.

The abomination raised its twisted head towards the sky and let out a strange cry that made Vritra pause in his tracks and clutch his head in agony.

Even his disappearing state began to flutter. The mental attack was affecting him even though he was in a separate dimension.

It was an attack several times more dangerous than the eye one. Vritra began to bleed from his eyes and ears.

’Forbidden: This scream attracts beasts.’

Just when Vritra felt his consciousness slipping away, he used the only chance of his survival.

[Forbidden activated.]

Whrriiiiiiieeeesshhhhhhk!!

While releasing that strange scream, the abomination began to close in on Vritra as he fell back, panting heavily and with darkness consuming his vision.

Just when the creature was ten or so meters away from the helpless Vritra and about to find his exact location...

THUD THUD

Wooooo

Dozens upon dozens of beasts ran towards the scream, charging madly without even caring about the danger.

The RipMaw paused suddenly and saw the beasts, then it tried to search for Vritra but failed.

So, it changed the target and ran towards the beasts, which finally came to their senses and started fleeing.

Vritra rested in his dimensional book, letting out heavy breaths and feeling intense pain in his head.

He took some of the medicines that Chopper had given him before leaving. At least they could reduce the pain slightly.

"Ughhh, well that was quite... intense. How am I even supposed, haa haa, to kill a creature like that?" Vritra muttered in frustration. It was stronger than him in every aspect and had the perfect countermeasures for all his skills.

He cursed again upon looking at his severed left arm. It was quite a shitty feeling, losing a limb.

"Sin System, at least give me some hint damn it, even huff huff with upgraded skill I am no match for that thing. Haa, I miss Mutamorphis so much..." he spoke, sitting in that separate dimension.

He stared into the bloody mist for a while. He didn’t want to just return like that, not without paying back that creature.

Otherwise, there would be no point and they would never be able to leave this realm.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...