Chapter 446: The Final Lesson [R-18]

After a few minutes of the pleasurable attacks from the two women, Vritra could no longer hold back.

Yennefer felt the faint twitching of his cock, and she knew what was coming.

Without wasting a moment, she pulled it away from the confused demoness’s hands and took the head into her mouth, sucking harder.

And within moments, waves of hot, sticky semen shot into her mouth as Yennefer gulped it all hastily.

"Mmmm~ GULP GULP mhmm~"

She loved the wonderful hot and sweet taste, her lips tightly clasped around the head as she devoured every single drop.

After a few seconds, he finally stopped releasing.

SLURP SLURP

Yennefer gulped it all and then sucked harder at the tip, pulling out any lingering semen, lapping around the glans.

"Ah T- That was..."

Only now Maeve remembered reading something about the release in the book.

She was a bit angry at not getting to experience it now, but there would be a lot of chances in the future.

Finally, Yennefer pulled her mouth away from his cock, licking it clean and releasing a contented sigh.

"Husband, thank you, haa haa, for the meal," she muttered in a sultry tone, licking her lips.

"Hmph, now it is my time, master. Can we skip to the final lesson?

Please, I want to feel you inside me..." Maeve spoke, blinking her eyes at him in a pleading tone.

"Alright, I will teach you well." Vritra nodded, and since this was her first time, Yennefer sat back and decided to give them some personal time, although reluctantly.

"Thank you, master, can I uh... try going on top of you?" Maeve asked, gazing at his penis that still looked just as hard.

"I am fine with it, but you would have to handle most of it yourself then," Vritra said, wondering why and how she got that idea.

"That’s fine, I want to try it." She said, glancing to the side at Yennefer, who had told Maeve about the story of their first time.

’Haa, is she copying me?’ Yennefer thought.

There was a strong tickling sensation in her vagina, and she really wanted his member to stir her insides.

Vritra laid down with his head resting over a pillow as he watched the hot demoness sit on top of him, rubbing against him as she tried to find the most comfortable position.

"Haaa~"

A long sigh came out of her mouth as she felt the hot and hard shaft press against her vagina right as she sat over his penis.

Placing her palms over his chest, she grinded her vagina against his cock, getting it wet with her warm love juices.

"Hnnn~ M- Master, I am p- putting it inside," she spoke, wondering if her first time would be painful. She had read in the book that it is a sweet pain.

Raising her waist, Maeve got a hold of his penis; it seemed even harder than before.

Then she pointed the tip against her entrance. As the tip pressed against her soft wet petals, it sent a pleasurable shiver across her body.

"Hooo..." Letting out a deep breath, the demoness readied herself to take the large dick of her master and connect with him in the most intimate way.

’I- I am becoming one with master, this is... such a lovely feeling,’ Maeve thought, and then she pressed her body down hard, hoping to take his entire length inside in a single thrust.

"Annnnggggg~ Ohhhhh~" But as clumsy as she was, the tip hit her entrance but slipped out, sending a jolt across her body.

"Do you need help?" Vritra asked softly, gently touching her thighs.

"N- No, I can do hnnn~ it too." Maeve said.

The feeling of the tip rubbing against her outer labia and clit was already so stimulating that she could feel an orgasm building up.

Maeve pulled up her waist again and held his cock tighter.

This time she aimed with precision and decided not to mindlessly use force and slowly began to lower herself.

"Ahh Haaaaah~ Hnnnnn~" As his large cock slowly began to fill her insides, she could feel him even more clearly.

How his hot fleshy member was pushing inside her, pushing through her tight walls, drilling slowly into her body.

After the head entered and she was sure it wouldn’t pop out again, Maeve paused and took a few long breaths.

Then, just like before, she pushed herself down with enough force, and this time, she succeeded.

His hard penis thrusted deep into her body, forcing its way inside and shoving away her pussy walls. She could feel every inch of him inside her.

And along with the mind-bending pleasure came a wave of sweet pain. She finally understood why it was said so in the book.

It only felt a little uncomfortable, but even the pain made her feel good, giving exactly what her itchy and tingly insides wanted.

For a few moments, her body completely lost all strength as she fell forward, her breasts smashing against his chest.

"Hnggggg~ Aaaaaah~ I- I am so full, haa m- master, we are really connected now Mhmmm~" Maeve muttered, hugging him tightly, planting love-filled kisses over his neck.

Vritra hugged her back, gently caressing her buttery and milky white back, and questioned, "Are you alright?"

He could feel the hot, soft sensation of her flesh tightly wrapping around his penis, squeezing him with so much force.

And with the mixture of her juices and blood leaking out of her, Vritra felt really good, the glans pressing against her womb’s entrance.

"Y- Yes, hnnggg~ I am f- fine, this feels so good Mmmm~ I love you, master~ we are s-so close..." Maeve muttered, both her mind and body full of joy and euphoria.

The pleasure itself was thousands of times more intense than she imagined, and the happiness of being one with her master was just on another level.

"Hmm, I love you too, foxie," Vritra said, hugging her tighter. Even without any movements, he could clearly feel her insides constantly squeezing his penis.

Just as Maeve heard his words, her walls clenched suddenly as she let out a loud moan.

"Master, aaaah~ I- I am gonna move n- now Hmmm~" Maeve muttered as she pushed herself and sat back. Even the slightest movement of his cock made her shiver.

The tip was rubbing so deep inside her.

After sitting up, she glanced down and looked at how their bodies were connected; she had almost completely devoured his cock.

She also noticed the slight bulge appearing over her belly. His member was really so big—the feeling was really otherworldly.

First, Maeve slowly began to grind her ass on top of him, letting the tip scratch deep inside her, her flesh squeezing his shaft hard.

Then she raised her waist as the cock got pulled out of her pussy, leaving behind a feeling of emptiness.

She moaned as her folds and walls stuck tightly to his penis, as if refusing to let go.

When only the head remained inside, Maeve paused and then smashed her squishy ass down as a loud slapping sound rang out along with her moan.

SMACK SMACK

Vritra gripped her soft ass and helped the demoness as his cock began to thrust in and out of her, messing up her insides.

Hitting deep inside with each push.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...