Chapter 714 Sneaky Creature

CLAP

There was a clapping sound again, that sneaky creature was using the rules of space to weaken Vritra's defence even more.

BOOOOOOOM!!

Extremely violent energy surged, completely devouring Vritra's body, tearing his skin apart quickly.

BANG

He was thrown down to the black green floor, landing with a sickening explosion.

The breath of everyone in the bubble paused for a moment as they watched the scene.

Despite their abilities, the opponents clearly had way more abilities and now that they were all working together, their chance of winning was lower.

Vritra's body was breaking apart and pain flooded his senses, his arms broke under the crushing force.

Right at that moment, all the others started to attack him.

BOOOOM

CLAP

The attacks ignored Vritra's defences completely and directly hit him, breaking him further.

The hammer criminal laughed like a psycho, then he turned his gaze back to the bubble.

"Too fragile, too bad he didn't get to see you all die, I would have loved to watch him despair." He muttered and touched the surface of the bubble.

Then his smile broke, and he struck the bubble with powerful strikes again and again…

And finally, it cracked, the pieces of bubbles flying in different directions.

The women inside were trying to protect Vritra, they were very worried about him.

"You thick headed pig, you are not getting past me!!" Shitless jumped forward, his entire body was made of some very powerful metal.

"…" the big hammer creature looked at the smaller bald guy before him and then its fists descended.

BOOOOOM!!

"Heh it's useless!" Shitless let out a loud laugh, he didn't feel anything.

Defence was his strongest ability, how could he just be defeated so easily.

Unfortunately, the hammer guy's ability wasn't strength, but being able to break almost anything.

"So arrogant!" he laughed and hit Shitless several times, Onest ran to stop him.

CLAP

But suddenly a snake like creature that was teleported directly onto him wrapped around Onest, dragging him down.

He was helpless.

CLAP CLAP CLAP

Several loud claps sounded and any of the women who tried to use their ability was interrupted at the last moment.

Fiona almost hurt Diana just now with her flames but redirected them at the last moment.

They looked below and saw over thirty creatures bombarding Vritra with so many attacks and all of them were actually harming him.

BANG BANG

Soon cracks appeared over Shitless's body, he was baffled, raising his hands to defend.

BOOOM

But as the hammers descended both his arms were thrown back, and finally Shitless wasn't able to hold on.

He spurted out blood and was blasted away, instantly several creatures surrounded him and began attacking.

"Now, it's finally your turn!" he smiled, killing the most protected part of the group was the most fun part of the battle.

Both his arms rose, and without aiming he just launched strikes with all his might.

BOOOOM!!

At the last moment, Yasmine stepped forward.

She raised her hands, and was a bit afraid but the protection charm given by Divine worked.

"Oh, so your ability is barrier, this is even better!!" the hammer guy took a lot of pride in his hands and skill.

He could break apart literally anything, he had created endless chaos back then to test if he could break this and that.

He killed all people in the name of challenging his ability and was finally caught and locked in the world prison.

So breaking barriers and crushing the weak was his favourite activity.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM

With every bit of his strength he started to strike down, each clash sending powerful ripples through the air.

CLAP

The sneaky creature again tried to help him but despite the teleporting, the damage didn't travel to Yasmine.

"Kekekeke This is just perfect, be happy, this is the most powerful barrier I have ever seen. I will give you an easier death!" he laughed, very happy and even more determined.

Vritra who was bombarded by dozens of attacks every second found it hard to move, almost every bone in his body had been destroyed.

His flesh was torn apart and it was all because of that space ability user.

But seeing that hammer guy attack his family was the last straw, his bloodlust exploded with madness as waves of blood surged in all directions.

The ones who were attacking him earlier were all consumed by blood, though they were far from defeated.

'If not among them, then…' Vritra's gaze moved towards his blood clones and black green clones fighting.

Yes, that must be it.

That fucker must be hiding among those clones.

Vritra had to first take care of that thing or they would keep losing.

His speed increased as he shot towards the battle of the clones and started to destroy all of them.

BOOOOOOM!!

A large mushroom of flames rose as Vritra made a flood of blood explode, wiping out more than half of the clones.

"EXPLODE!!" He shouted, as all his blood clones stuck to the green clones and exploded at once.

BOOM BOOM BOOM

"Aggghhhh"

Finally a groan sounded, as a creature which was very thin and two metres long was thrown out of one of the green clones.

Its face looked like that of a fox, it looked extremely hateful.

Vritra's anger exploded as soon as he saw it, he flew forward and broke into hundreds of blood clones.

The fox like creature panicked, quickly clapping but still it couldn't find the exact location of Vritra.

It hurriedly teleported itself away and tried to hide.

In a strange language it called out to the hammer guy to protect it, but that hammer headed creature was too busy trying to break the barrier around Yasmine.

He was simply obsessed and forgot about everything else.

Vritra suddenly appeared in front of the fox creature, then grasped its neck.

CLA-

It was about to use its ability again but Vritra held its hand, his eyes were full of rage.

This bastard had been hiding since earlier and was creating so much trouble for him.

Finally now that the space ability was stopped, Vritra's wounds started to heal quickly and within moments he was back to peak.

"You are lucky I don't have much time to spare…" he spoke and tore its hand away as the fox creature screamed in pain, crying out for help.

But the hammer guy just kept striking with a psychotic smile on his face.

Just then Vritra sensed dozens of needles rushing towards his back.

He turned around suddenly and all the needles struck into the fox's body, as it screamed even more.

Those needles suddenly grew in size, becoming thicker and longer.

They vibrated and moved deeper into its body and began to tear apart the skin, flesh and crush the bones.

Although Vritra would have liked to torture it more but there was just not enough time.

He held its head and suddenly tore it apart, throwing the pieces in both directions.

[You have obtained a blue crystal!]

A similarly psychotic smile appeared on his face as his body transformed into the flames blood demon.

Kicking the ground, he shot forward at full speed and pulled his right hand back, twisting his waist slightly.

Waves of energy flooded into his right arm, almost expending half of his energy.

The insides of the big box was suddenly filled with a terrifying pressure and finally…

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios