Chapter 442: A Failure

Inside a kitchen, the sound of continuous chopping rang out. With each chop, a splashing sound reverberated.

A person with strange, distorted features was humming and chopping his own arm over the kitchen counter, splashing his blood.

His entire body was completely disproportioned, one arm bigger than the other, while one of his legs was too fat, as if suffering from elephantiasis.

The person’s features very faintly resembled Vritra, but were also infinitely different from him.

Behind the guy, Red rubbed his brows, muttering in rage and irritation.

"Failure, failure, yet again another failure."

BOOOOM

He punched the distorted clone, pieces of flesh and organs exploding in all directions, and even the kitchen broke apart.

"Damnit, you aren’t as great of a treasure as I thought you to be. Why can’t you do just this one thing?"

Red combed his fingers through his hair, removing the tiny pieces of flesh.

The main reason for meeting Vritra before was to capture him, but he had low expectations of actually being able to do it.

So his proper goal was to make Vritra’s clone using the man wrapped in bandages, but even after so many tries, it had failed to do so.

For the first time, it was unable to form a person’s proper clone. No matter what, it couldn’t match Vritra at all.

"Fuck, this isn’t it. He was nothing like that. Even with such powerful attacks, I failed to leave a scratch on his body."

Red hoped to create Vritra’s clone with exact abilities and maybe get a new divine of his own, but he failed miserably.

"Huff, it is fine. I still have a plan that would surely force him to work for me very soon, but catching him will be tricky."

Red took a deep breath, then a smile spread across his face as he gazed at a figure not too far away from him, sitting gracefully.

She would definitely be enough to force Vritra to be his servant.

Red was still curious about who killed the clone he had sent out before to gather information — the Pink’s clone.

"Anyway, he won’t be free for too long," Red muttered before turning and disappearing.

***

Vritra was floating in the air, just enjoying the messages of the sin points.

With just being present there, he was earning hundreds of thousands of sin points.

Then he decided to read the proper details of the quest; very little information was given in the messages earlier.

’Hmm, what does it mean by catching those rats? Where are they? I need more info before I could even try it.’ Vritra took out the scroll from his inventory and opened it.

A few lines were written on it in big, bright letters.

[What created them, what flows through their veins, is also the most lethal poison for them. Kill and collect their brains and feed it to the little ones.]

Vritra: "..."

He was truly speechless. Not only did it not give him any significant information, but the task sounded way too strange.

’What little ones? Is it asking me to kill infants now or something? And no information about those creatures? Sigh...’

Vritra seriously pondered if he should skip this quest, but the reward was too tempting.

It just might allow him to find more about the 1st ranked Mythic Halo, but what if his greed became the reason for his own doom?

"Sigh, wifey, what do you have to say about this?" Vritra asked. Her advice had always been helpful.

"I agree it does sound really shady and dangerous, but this quest, I think it might be asking us to save the lives of the mentioned little ones somehow.

Well, let’s first get more information from that Crow guy. It will help us assess the situation better," she replied after a moment. If they could, then Yasmine would really want to save innocent lives.

"Alright, I will talk to Foxie about it." Vritra nodded, agreeing that sometimes saving lives could be more important than personal gain.

Plus, if both things align, then taking some level of danger is perfectly normal.

WHOOSH

A person threw a red-colored glyph with strange spikes drawn all over it.

The target was Ziggy, who was bounced into the air by Bullo, his fat body completely vulnerable.

The red glyph actually connected with his body. It exploded and turned into a rope that tied one of its ends to his leg, and the other got stuck on the ground.

Right beside that stuck end, a big fat spike grew out of the ground, and then the rope automatically pulled Ziggy’s body down with a strong tug.

"OIIIINNNNNKKKKKKK!!"

KIIICCCCHHHHH-

Even amongst all the noise, the clear sound of something tearing his clothes and reaching deep reverberated, along with his pain-filled scream.

Over half a meter-long spike completely disappeared inside his fat body.

Even for Ziggy, that thing was too large. His body bounced back into the air.

"I-I did it!! I was the one who skewered that pig! I won the jackpot! Hahaha, look, that spike is still inside him!" a person happily shouted, and within moments he received his reward.

After Ziggy fell to the ground again with a loud thud on his ass, he rolled on the ground for a while before trying to reach the spike, but his fat body came in the way.

Then he made use of one of the zombies, and using its arm, he successfully pulled the spike out after a few tries.

"Ughhh, w-what is he releasing along with that spike?" A few people who saw the disgusting scene instantly vomited.

Raelion had one of his balls burst the previous day, and with his healing and other abilities blocked, he could do nothing about it.

The once-feared Demon Lord was now nothing more than a joke. It was extremely humiliating for him.

He swore to kill every single one of these humans, even murdering their families, and to give the worst death to Vritra.

But seeing what happened with Piggy filled him with endless fear.

He ran all over the place with all his might, barely protecting his last ball while especially avoiding those special glyphs.

He would let himself get injured but would never want to go through that sort of humiliation.

...

After a few hours of the game, Vritra declared a break.

Most of the public just remained seated; some went to toilets while others went to buy some food.

The subjects were resting inside the fighting arena, still terrorized by Vritra’s evil methods. He truly was a devil.

Vritra gestured for Maeve to come, so instantly two women flew towards him from the crowd. Both were disguised.

"Yes, master~" Maeve asked, hugging his arm.

"..." Yennefer just stood close to Vritra. Even though she was back in his life, there still seemed to be a barrier between them that wasn’t there before.

She would have to slowly break it and become truly his woman again.

"Contact Crow," Vritra said.

"Alright, master." Nodding, Maeve took out the glyph and contacted the guy from the World Information Centre.

"Haa, what do you want now? How much are you going to leech off of us? I knew it, letting you be a member of this organization was a mist–" As Crow’s grumpy voice sounded, Vritra interrupted him and questioned,

"Tell me about Arthal Plague Rats."

"..."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...