Chapter 645 Inside the Terror

The ten points were instantly added to spiritual attribute, and messages began to flood his vision.

A total of 204 messages popped and his body was engulfed by a soothing warmth, his mind relaxing further.

[You have acquired 1000 blankets.]

[You have acquired 1 Spiritual attribute point.]

[You have acquired 2 Spiritual attribute point.]

[You have acquired 2 Free attribute point.]

…

A flood of messages kept popping before him and Vritra just stood there, basking in the comfortable feeling.

After the drawing was complete, he glanced over the messages and saw he had received quite a few attribute points.

[9 Strength, 13 Agility, 14 Endurance, 21 Spiritual, 19 Free Attribute points.]

Vritra wasted no time and used the moment to push all free attributes into spiritual.

And once again opened his status panel, for a few moments, he forgot all about the world.

『

[Stats]

(Strength:81.6)

(Agility:84.4)

(Endurance:84.3)

(Spiritual:80.9)

{Free Attribute:0}

』

Vritra felt a shiver run through his body, his stats were way higher than what they should have been.

'This… doesn't make sense, I just saw my stats and even after addition of newer ones, they shouldn't be so high, no?' Vritra felt confused.

What if the stats he saw previous were completely wrong.

When did he even get all those sin points? wasn't it his first day here?

The milky chain on his wrist began to buzz violently, once again clearing his mind.

Vritra shook his head, looking around with a face full of bafflement.

"What the fuck?!! How long have we been here for?" he wondered, with his high stats, he could somewhat fight against the effect of whatever it was.

There were some additional rewards, like a spear which could cut through almost anything.

Its blade was extremely sharp. Vritra read its description and quickly pulled out the spear.

He took a few breaths and fought back the urge to yawn, as memories of before began to flood back.

He had been here already for nearly two weeks, repeating the same thing.

His spiritual attribute had increased to 80 already, but it was still so difficult for him to stay sane.

Whatever monster was present here, it was far too dangerous.

A sense of crisis rose in his heart.

It didn't attack directly but used these strange methods, controlling them all, not allowing anyone to sleep.

'Is this monster weak physically?' Vritra glanced up at the sky, and instantly felt dizzy.

He looked down hurriedly, feeling an intense urge to sleep.

'I have to stay up, I have to protect my family!!' Vritra thought as he grabbed Maeve's hand, giving her soft palm a tight squeeze.

"What's wrong master? Are you not feeling okay?" Maeve asked, there was a bloody wound on her forehead.

'Huh? She is injured?!!' Vritra instantly snapped back to his senses, the uncomfortable sensation pushing away everything.

"Foxie" Vritra pulled her closer, then he touched his own forehead, but there was nothing.

'Could it be because of my healing skill? That monster wasn't able to control me completely?' he had been feeling very strange all this time, and kept trying to break out.

But his spiritual attribute wasn't high enough, though now, he could somewhat hold on.

'We have to leave as soon as possible but where is that mutant present?' he looked around at the base, but couldn't understand.

'Could it be… the moon?' he wondered, but didn't look up.

He took out a knife from his inventory, and then with all his might he shot it into the direction of the moon.

WHOOSH

It shot up with an explosive force, his strength had increased to a very high level.

It flashed through the night sky, it should have just flown away into the sky but there was actually a loud cracking sound.

Vritra glanced up, his heart thumping violently, he stood before Maeve protectively.

The dark sky actually started to crack, and within moments, it all broke apart like glass shattering.

"What the fuck?!" Vritra cursed out loud, as he stared up at the sky, which was no longer sky.

It was as if they were inside some organism, a big flesh wall surrounded the whole base, in a semi sphere.

Veins and pulsing flesh, countless vein-like things hanging down and connecting to the foreheads of people.

The moon was replaced instead by a big round eye, a terrifying eye that stared at everything present in the camp.

It was pitch black, while the flesh walls were purplish in colour, the sight was terrifying.

Vritra couldn't understand what sort of creature it was even, but it made him feel fear, he could feel the difference.

Even now, he stood no chance against it.

At least it doesn't seem to be able to kill them directly.

Vritra looked around and saw several corpses lying there with their eyes open, still standing.

Their bodies had dried up.

'This monster feeds on our sleep and dreams!!' he realised, snapping the vein connecting to Maeve's head.

He wiped the fresh blood as Maeve fell into his arms, unconscious.

Without caring about the thudding noise, Vritra held her tightly in his arms and rushed quickly towards his tent.

Arriving there, he saw Onest standing outside with a dumb look, a vein connecting to his forehead too.

Vritra glanced inside and saw Shitless sleeping peacefully.

"This monk wasn't affected? Why didn't he do anything then?" Vritra first brought Maeve into the tent and put her on the bed gently.

He looked at his other wives, his heart ached as he saw the bloody wound on Yasmine, Fiona and Vanessa's forehead.

Teresa, Yennefer and Diana were yet to be affected like others.

Vritra wasted no time and removed the veins, they all fell unconscious.

"Diana, can you heal them?" Vritra asked, the goddess looked confused but nodded.

She began to heal them instantly, despite her mind being so foggy.

'Now, how do I escape? I don't know if I can maintain my sanity and for how long, can I kill it?' his heart was thumping wildly, he still held the spear tightly.

The knife had struck that eye but except for breaking the illusion of the night it didn't do much.

So that's not the weak point.

"Could it be near that wall?" his heart chilled, as he suddenly remembered.

Under the control of that mutant, he wasn't able to see it before but now, that sight was very clear.

The wall was full of bloody marks, spread over a large area, who knows how many people had already died here.

He glanced at his wives, thankfully they were getting better by Diana's treatment, the wounds started to disappear.

'Will this mutant do something now that we have all disconnected- hmm wait, healing…'

Suddenly he remembered when he had entered, the doctor and the general were strangely interested in his healing ability.

Can they help him find a clue to escape from here?

Healing…

He looked at the goddess again, thankfully no one here knew that she had this ability.

"I should go out and check things out." Vritra mumbled, then he walked out and headed towards the other tent.

He pulled the bedsheet, making monk Shitless fall off as he let out a feminine scream, but calmed upon seeing it was just Vritra.

"Protect the other tent, I need to check a few things." While speaking, he noticed that while others can't sleep, Shitless was sleeping a bit too much.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios