Chapter 717 Stolen

After hours long travel at such fast speed, Vritra and others were just resting over the large blood cart.

It attracted quite a lot of attention, but mutants were killed instantly by spiritual bursts and most humans didn't dare get close.

While they were heading towards the towers, Vritra had spread a lot of his blood clones in all directions.

Though his strength had already reached the peak of the evolution here, they still needed to search for some more of those criminals.

It wasn't long before one of Vritra's blood clones finally found something.

Vritra was lying over a bed comfortably while being surrounded by his wives, it was just so comfortable.

But the blood cart came to an abrupt stop, as Vritra opened his eyes.

"Hmm Now what is this?" Although he shared his senses with the clones, it wasn't exactly very clear.

But it was definitely something enormous and special.

"Did they find anything hubby?" Yasmine asked, yawning.

"Yeah, don't worry though, just go back to sleep." He said, caressing her back.

"Mmm." Yasmine nodded and closed her eyes, leaning into his arms.

'Is it worth checking it out?' Vritra wondered.

In the end he decided to fly a bit closer and make sure it was not too dangerous first, hopefully it was either a player or those criminals.

The blood cart started moving again but in a slightly different direction. Back in the other rooms, Shitless and Onest noticed the change but just returned to rest.

…

After a travel of over two hours, Vritra arrived before what seemed like a huge space ship.

It was exactly the type that was shown in the web series back on Earth.

It was parked on the ground and had a big burn mark, it was big enough to house over a thousand people.

Vritra finally got up and flew out of the blood cart along with the others, and the sight simply baffled them all.

"What the fuck?" Vritra cursed out loud, his eyes wide.

What a joke of a game was this even? Now literally anything was happening?

How could there be a fucking space ship? Is this still a fair game? The gods truly are a joke.

"Did aliens invade or something?" Fiona asked, she had watched quite a lot of SciFi movies back in the day.

"Whoa, this thing, it's made entirely from energy." Teresa observed the space ship.

Vritra also looked at it but he could feel that it was solid matter not just energy.

"Tess, what do you mean?" He asked, she was the genius of their group in such types of things.

"I meant this whole ship was generated by a single person using their ability. So no, aliens haven't invaded, instead it might be someone who created it." Teresa explained, she seemed a little impressed by it.

"Oh, could it be a player?" Vritra wondered but just now he didn't receive any notification about any player being around.

"Wait here, I'll go check it out." Vritra said but before he could move, Teresa held his hand.

"Husband, can I come along?" She asked expectantly, the goth mommy seemed genuinely interested in this ship.

"Alright, let's go." Taking her hand, Vritra flew ahead but left a bubble around the others just in case.

They landed outside the enormous thing but couldn't sense any life inside.

The door was shut tight, and there was no visible entrance. Vritra was about to forcefully open the door but Teresa interrupted.

"Husband let me open it." She said and walked closer to the door. She used her ability over the door and the box fitted beside it.

And after a few moments the door actually opened, she really was such a genius.

"Good job Tess." He patted her head, then started walking inside.

Surprisingly the ship was well lit inside, it really resembled a futuristic alien technology that was shown on TV.

There were even strange weapons on the walls and all sorts of things that even Vritra had not seen before.

Teresa was even more interested in all that, she was checking out everything like a little kid.

"Looks like it has been abandoned." Vritra mumbled after walking around for a while.

"Tess, do you think this thing can work?" He asked.

"We will have to go into the control room to check." She spoke, excited to try flying this.

If they could then reaching the tower would be even easier.

Vritra nodded and they continued to explore it.

Outside on the blood cart, the young assassin with both his arms broken just woke up after noticing that the cart had stopped.

He blinked his eyes and sat back, then glancing towards the large ship, his eyes widened.

"T- That's my lord's ship, it's lord Asmodeus's ship!!" He shouted excitedly then a smug look appeared on his face, he chuckled and added:

"You are all done for now, once he finds what you have done to me and those assassins he is so going to kill you all kekeke."

"Wait where is that other guy? Don't tell me he entered the ship?!! Keke talk about walking to their own death."

BANG

A heavy kick connected with his face before he could finish, breaking his nose.

"Shut the fuck up, if we really find that shitty lord of yours then you'll die." Shitless said, kicking him with his metallic feet.

The young assassin quieted down instantly.

Inside the ship, Vritra and Teresa soon arrived inside the control room.

She got to work and began to check everything, sometimes a frown would appear over her face, then a look of realization.

She was understanding it right then and there, also trying to find the problems and fixing them.

Vritra just stood there and observed her work, she really looked so beautiful, and while moving around her breasts were moving even more than her.

After a while she spoke, "Whoever created it did a good job but wasn't able to make it work."

"Can you do it?" He asked, their travel would be so fast if they could.

"Yes I can." She replied confidently.

"That's great, but just in case, let's take this thing away."

After speaking the two walked out of the ship, then Teresa stored it away in her inventory.

"How did it go?" As the two arrived back on the blood cart, Vanessa asked.

"There was no one, but Teresa can make it work. And if it does work, we can reach the tower very quickly." He replied.

"Vritra, this assassin told us the ship belongs to his lord, Asmodeus." Onest spoke.

"Oh right, what abilities does Asmodeus have?" Vritra almost forgot to ask about this.

"That's lord Asmodeus for you, a- and he can create various types of powerful technology that no one has ever seen. Just like that big thing." The assassin spoke proudly only to receive a kick on the face from Shitless.

"Did he abandon this ship?" Vritra continued to ask.

"Yes." The beaten assassin nodded quickly.

No wonder Vritra didn't get the notification of the presence of a player, but it benefitted them greatly in the end.

"Let's go then, after traveling to a different location we will stop and let Tess work on it." Vritra said.

Then the assassin was thrown into the small prison while they all returned to their rooms.

Once again the blood cart continued to move, flying towards the tower.

…

After a couple of hours, Vritra finally stopped the ship, the surroundings were pretty much devoid of any life.

There were some mutants but they were killed in an instant.

Creating a big blood land, they landed and Vritra brought out the enormous flying ship.

"Time to work!" Teresa said excitedly, and along with her the rest also walked into the ship.

They were just as fascinated by it.

Some distance away, at the place where the ship mark was present.

A group of thirty or so men arrived, they were carrying a lot of objects, even a large amount of fuel and energy stones they dug out from a cave.

"Don't worry lord, with all these materials, the ship is definitely going to work. Just let us take care of it." One of the guys spoke confidently.

They had already done most of the work in it anyway, though many things still needed to be fixed.

"Yes lord, don't worry we will be the first to arrive at the tower and reap all the benefits." The underlings spoke trying to please the man walking in the front.

"Hmm good, if we do, you'll also receive great benefits." The man with a big build and buffed muscles spoke in a heavy tone.

He was wearing dozens of accessories made of gold, silver, platinum and other metals, adorned with beautiful rubies and diamonds.

He was shining hard.

Asmodeus never was the type of guy to lead groups but because of his current ability he needed a lot of manpower, so he had to bring them along even if it was irritating.

"Haha thank you lord, we will serve you well." A middle aged guy spoke happily.

"Idiot, that sounds wrong. Haha lord, he meant you can use us however you want." Another person corrected him.

Asmodeus rolled his eyes, he just had to endure this for a little longer.

After walking a little more they arrived in an open area, he pointed with his chin and ordered,

"Bring the materials inside."

"Yes lord." The men nodded as they turned and prepared to enter the ship but then paused in shock.

"B- But lord, the ship is kinda missing."

Whoosh

A wind blew past them, as they all stared in stunned silence, blowing their clothes.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...