Chapter 586 A Room Date

Fiona got filled with the hot holy fluid, unfortunately though, the evil curse was too powerful.

So, Vritra had to fill her several more times before he was finally able to save the poor wife. Fiona's belly was completely flooded by the thick hot semen by the end of it.

As their fun roleplay ended, the two lay naked under the sheets, embracing one another.

They couldn't help but laugh at the funny but erotic play, it was certainly quite fun.

Vritra hugged her tightly, feeling her warmth and softness directly, as he kissed her lips.

"My innocent wife, has the curse been cleansed?" he asked.

"Hehe, of course master, your holy fluid is powerful enough to clean up everything." Fiona replied, enjoying his attention.

"So you are no longer angry, right?" he asked, gently caressing her back.

"Mhmm. Let's do more cleansing soon." Fiona said, releasing a long contented sigh.

After getting her pussy filled so many times, her body was exhausted but she still wanted more.

"Well, we still have quite some time before we need to return, so I am at your service, my queen." Vritra replied, as the two laughed lightly.

They just spent the rest of the day in each other's arms, they ate together and then again began the process of cleansing.

***

The day passed rather quickly, yet the two stayed together until it was noon.

Although Fiona was enjoying her solo time with Vritra, she also needed to train, so they had to return now.

They flew back together, again through the snowfall, which despite being a disaster looked quite beautiful.

While passing over a village, they noticed a group of people searching around for food, coughing constantly.

"There is something wrong with these spores, was that seed the origin of these too?" Vritra wondered and remembered his conversation with Divine.

He did mention that the cold was because of it but didn't say anything about spores, and this seed shouldn't be affecting people like that.

It was there just as a preparation for the games after all.

'Divine?' he called out but received no response.

So, for now he flew back while enjoying the scenery, stopping here and there, and soon arrived back at their house.

For now, the house of darkness was hidden from everyone, it looked way too majestic.

"Hubby, you are back. Tsk, I missed more interesting stuff, didn't I?"

Yasmine ended her training as soon as she sensed that the two had returned.

All his wives except Yennefer and Maeve came out, a few of them dragging Fiona away to get some important information.

"Husband, these are rings for all of us, they are completely ready now." Teresa said as she presented several rings, all of them looking different.

Teresa had kept everyone in her mind while creating them, he could tell at a glance which ring belonged to whom.

"Oh, what are these rings?" Vanessa asked, as she picked up one which was made for her.

Vritra took his and all of them wore their rings, instantly sensing the change.

It created powerful barriers around their bodies, protecting them from all sorts of things, even the cold.

And Vritra could perfectly hide his presence, along with his skill Lost, it was like he just disappeared from everywhere.

In times of danger, it could also teleport the women as close to Vritra as possible, while Vritra would also be teleported away if he was in danger.

It had quite a few new features, and even looked good.

"Thank you, Tess." Vritra said, patting her head.

He could sense that after just a single training session, their strength had increased, if they kept at it they would reach the demi god rank soon.

He had taken so long since his very fate and race had changed, along with reaching the demi god realm through strange means.

Teresa quite enjoyed staying in this new family of hers, though she was still adjusting.

Her sister Yasmine and her mother-in-law Vanessa were quite welcoming, and all the others were very nice as well.

"What do you all think about these spores?" Vritra asked, glancing outside the window.

"They are certainly dangerous, like a slow-burning poison. I feel soon they will have more effects than just spoiling others' health." Teresa spoke, she had been observing these spores.

"Yes hubby, could this be the doing of that shady Twilight group? They tend to do such things every once in a while, trying to summon a demi god."

Diana spoke, the Twilight group had been getting stronger and stronger over the years.

"Hmm, I guess we will have to check that later on. Anyway, we got any news about Jack?" he questioned.

"Yeah, he was seen going around with three people initially, but recently one of them disappeared. It was someone from your class called Shorty.

Anyway, now Jack is going around with Raino and some zombie-like girl." Vanessa and Diana said, sharing their pieces of news.

"But we couldn't find where he is currently, just some time ago he seemed to have disappeared yet again." The goddess added.

"Hmm. Alright, let's keep searching. You all can return to your training for now, and remember we will be going tomorrow to the wedding."

Vritra reminded as his lips curled up, this wedding was going to be so fun.

"Yes, now that my strength is back and stronger, let's see how those people act." Yasmine said, the powerlessness before only adding to her anger.

After talking for a while longer, they all started to leave for their training.

Teresa stayed behind to discuss something with Vritra.

"Husband, I have already started working on something that could help us with the ice and also these spores, though I am not sure how effective it will be."

"That's good enough, I will support you however I can." Vritra said smiling, if her kindness wasn't directed towards the wrong people then Vritra had no problem with it.

But he still needed to work on helping her control her abilities.

The problem was, she couldn't even practice it, as one mistake might cause her severe damage.

So he wasn't sure how to help her.

They were still in the phase of getting to know one another better, getting closer.

Their relation was nowhere near as strong as with his other wives yet, slowly but surely they were falling for one another.

"…" After looking at her beautiful face in silence for a few moments, he remembered something and leaned forward.

Pressing his lips against her soft moist black lips, taking Teresa by surprise who was still deep in thought.

"This was for the rings, remember, no thank you or sorry." Vritra reminded, as their lips parted.

Teresa's cheeks were red as she nodded, her mind clear and her mood a lot better, it was like she could think even faster now.

They chatted for a while longer and then Teresa too left.

Vritra was left completely alone, he stared outside for a while, wondering what to do ahead.

"Quite the scenery, right hubby?" just then, Yasmine who had sneaked out of her room spoke, standing beside him calmly.

"Huh? Why aren't you training?" Vritra shook his head, but he was happy to have her around.

"Training isn't running anywhere, I just remembered, I was yet to have my favourite drink. I am hungry hubby, so how about a day-long room date with me?" she asked.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...