Chapter 558 The Coffin

They observed the coffin but couldn't tell what energy source it would need.

"Well, now that she is safe, we can take it a bit slow." Vritra mumbled, though he still wished to finish preparations before she is out.

"Yeah, she should be out in less than a week probably…" Vanessa said.

Putting away the coffin, the group decided to eat together, it has been several days since they had eaten.

Although at their strength level it didn't affect them at all, but still they craved the tasty food.

Diana ordered someone to prepare various dishes as soon as possible.

"Shitless and Onest will be in the Yate realm soon, I called them to give the two things I got from Divine." Vritra said, taking a stroll with all his wives.

"Who are they?" Teresa questioned.

"Onest is a thief and Shitless is, well, a monk." Vritra answered, now that two of them were almost done with their tasks, they could start their training.

"Hmm." Teresa hummed, quickly losing interest, as they approached the dining table.

Vritra pulled a chair and helped Teresa sit, then he had to do the same for Fiona.

Soon, aromatic and hot dishes were served one after another.

They ate while talking, and Teresa finally got to meet Vritra's mother, Vanessa.

Aside from Fiona, Teresa easily became open with all his wives, especially Yasmine and Vanessa.

After eating the food, for now Vritra planned to go back to the Yate realm, he would also continue to look for that energy source.

Vanessa, Maeve, and Diana decided to stay back and use their connections to find other ways to get Yennefer a body.

"Oracle's body was destroyed in the war, right? Does he possess a body now?" While walking towards the exit, Vritra suddenly remembered.

"Yes master, he does have a body now." Maeve answered.

"Good…" It seemed he would have to go to the Golden Moon's base faster than he expected, and maybe there he could finally obtain a way.

"Let's go together to their base." Vanessa spoke, she too held grudges against that organization.

Vritra nodded, but he wasn't going to go there immediately, but first head to the Yate realm.

He had been gone for more than ten days, who knows what was happening there.

Especially the people who kept attacking or negotiating to get Teresa to work for them, he didn't want the family to be destroyed.

And he also needed to meet Shitless and Onest there.

It was already evening, so he decided to go there the next day.

"Let's go meet Oracle tomorrow, I wonder how he would react after seeing me." Vritra smiled just thinking about it, now Yennefer was safe, he didn't have to worry about exposing himself.

Like before, Fiona, Yasmine, and Teresa flew along with Vritra.

"Doesn't your kingdom need you?" Vritra looked at his red-haired wife, she has been away all this time and didn't seem to care at all.

"No, they will be fine." Fiona replied, none would dare do anything wrong in her absence.

While talking they flew back, Yasmine received some news from the Dragon Kingdom.

"Hubby, I will be going there for a couple of hours… I could also look if there is any mention of some source of energy." The dragoness said.

"Okay." Vritra nodded, as he watched Yasmine disappear into the distance.

He was too used to her presence now, and started missing her whenever she wasn't around.

After staring into the sky for a few moments, the three flew back.

…

Arriving outside of the Yate realm, they saw a large crowd gathered in front of the gate.

It was all the people who needed treasures from Teresa or for her to work for them.

Vritra was just going to enter but he noticed the two men at the back of the group.

Shitless and Onest were already here, they too were stopped outside.

After a moment they too noticed him, Shitless smiled but before they could speak anything, Vritra just threw the two men and Bullo into his dimensional book.

Then they entered the Yate realm, flying towards the palace.

Gunter could be seen walking back and forth outside the palace door, his face tensed up.

"We are here." Vritra announced, of course Fiona had already entered the disappearing state.

"Art!! Where have you two been all this time? I was so worried that someone kidnapped you, sigh, it's been more than ten days…" Gunter pinched the bridge of his nose, his head was hurting so bad.

The constant assassins, uninvited guests, and whatnot only made it worse.

"Sorry, we were stuck somewhere, but we are fine." Vritra answered, he was in a good mood.

Very soon, he will be with Yennefer again.

"Why don't you meet your mother first? She has barely been eating in worry, sigh." He sighed again.

Vritra nodded and together with Teresa he went to meet Aya, after talking with her they came outside the palace.

"What do you think we should do about them?" Gunter scratched his head, looking at the people swarming outside the realm.

"Just tell them that Tess won't be making anything for them, tell all of them to leave immediately." Vritra replied.

It would make many enemies of the Yate family but who cares, not that they can do anything.

"Okay, and the number of people sneaking into our realm has increased, but… somehow we only find their dead bodies… do you know anything about it?"

Gunter was worried some dangerous psychopath might have entered, but he was only killing the intruder.

"Yeah, it is someone who works for me, so don't worry about that."

After chatting for a while longer, Gunter turned to Teresa and asked:

"You don't have any problem here, right? If there is anything troubling you, just tell Art or me, don't worry about anything else and enjoy your life." Gunter wished he too had a daughter.

"Yes father." Teresa said.

Finally Gunter left, leaving the three alone.

Vritra moved away to an open field and covered themselves with a barrier and finally he moved the three out of the book.

Muoooo

Upon seeing Vritra after so long, Bullo was quite happy. It ran forward and enjoyed Vritra's patting over its head.

"We meet again!!" Shitless exclaimed, then wondered why his bull was so happy to meet Vritra.

"Hey Vritra, congrats on getting married yet again." Onest said, with a shake of his head.

He looked around and saw Fiona and Teresa, who was completely covered up.

"Thanks, anyway, I have something for you guys." Vritra said and took out the two objects.

He passed the metallic bell to Shitless and the map to Onest, then explained how they could increase their strength using them.

"It isn't anything dangerous or shady, right?" Onest asked skeptically, remembering the past instances.

"Of course not, just go and see for yourself, if you don't want to grow strong then forget it." Vritra said with a shrug of his shoulder.

"W- Won't hitting it hurt?" Shitless asked, though he would love to increase his defences.

"It's up to you whether you want to do it or not." Vritra replied.

The two pondered for a few moments and knew it was for their own good, so they decided to do it.

"Okay, then we will be leaving. I will start practicing immediately." Shitless spoke with determination, then he added:

"Thank you piti- uhm sir Vritra."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...