Chapter 476: Desperation

"Did this change your mind?" Red had a big smile under the mask as he looked down at Vritra from the sky.

Vritra’s demonic dragon form shrunk as he returned to his original state, two horns on his head and the purple flames still burning menacingly around him.

’How can she be here?!!’ Vritra was baffled by the sight in front of him.

Beside Red floating was his mother, Vanessa, her arms tied by some sort of cloth.

"M- Mom...?" He could no longer sense his connection with his mother or Diana back in the city of charms.

But even the connection he sensed with Vanessa in the sky felt weak and strange, he couldn’t tell if it was reality or not.

"H- Honey, you should never join them, mmph." Vanessa’s voice was filled with desperation, she tried to free herself but failed.

Red snapped his finger, making it impossible for her to even speak, her eyes looked at Vritra in panic.

As if she was asking him to just escape, not to put her in danger for herself.

"HOW IS SHE HERE?" Vritra had no time to ponder, his fists clenched and rage filled him.

"Ah, don’t look at me like that, I mean no harm to you or your mother.

She is perfectly fine, don’t worry, and she will be in the future, that is if you join Bone Blood Cult." Red said, his gaze full of confidence.

The whole place was silent at this moment, all the eyes fixed on Vritra and the two figures in the sky.

25%

Yennefer and Maeve looked with worry, Maeve was yet to meet his mother but Yennefer knew that it really was her.

Whether it be her scent, aura, voice, everything was perfectly identical. Even her strength seemed closer to the lord rank, just as expected after receiving the inheritance.

’Wasn’t she supposed to be receiving an inheritance, how did Red find her?’ Yennefer could feel Vritra’s rage and helplessness.

He could think of thousands of ways to save her but each method had a ’what if’ and there was no way he could ever put his mother in danger.

’Then are Diana and Fiona also taken away?’ Vritra felt his frustration and anger rise, but even if he managed to save his mother, what about Fiona and Diana.

"Also, if you just say the word yes, I will take all of you away. None of them here will be able to hurt you all." Red gazed at Vritra and the two women.

It would be great if he could get those two women to join Bone Blood Cult along with Vritra.

"Hubby..."

At this moment, even Yasmine couldn’t help him, she didn’t want him to join Bone Blood Cult either but saving Vanessa and others was also the priority.

45%

"..." Vritra just stared at Vanessa, he hated Bone Blood Cult because of their inhumane and cruel deeds but none of it mattered, he could do worse things if it was for his family.

Slowly the purple flames around him dimmed, he knew the moment Vanessa appeared he was defeated.

"...Okay, I will join you." Finally, filled with desperation, he accepted.

"Mom, just wait a bit, I will be with you soon." Vritra looked into her eyes, not wanting her to feel guilty.

But for now, this was his only choice.

"Good good, now that’s a really smart choice. Welcome to Bone Blood Cult, Vritra Arclis, oh the new Divine."

Red was overjoyed, from between so many races and groups, he was the one to succeed and get this strongest tool.

It won’t be long before they won’t even have to fear the Golden Moon, heck even Divine Kage, Bone Blood Cult alone would be at the pinnacle.

"Now it is time to leave this place. Sorry guys, I am going to need to take him away, you all can continue with your battles."

Red hastily activated the teleportation formation he had set up in advance.

Planning to take Vritra, Vanessa, Maeve and Yennefer away.

"Master..." Maeve bit her lip, her heart aching to see her man look so helpless for the first time.

"Husband, it is fine, we will deal with this too together." Yennefer muttered, as the two women also returned to their normal forms, surrendering along with him.

’This is just perfect, what great love!’ Red was over the moon as a big circle appeared in the sky before connecting to all their positions.

The Oracle clenched his fists, this was the worst sort of outcome.

Even if they had failed to kill Vritra here, the deaths in the battlefield would have been their only losses.

After all, Vritra wasn’t the likes of Nine Pacts, Bone Blood Cult or other dark organizations.

Oracle could tell from his observation that Vritra was still rather kind, he wouldn’t kill others unless they harmed him first.

But if he becomes a part of Bone Blood Cult then the world would be filled with chaos.

So even before killing Vritra, at any cost, they had to stop Red from controlling him.

And the only way was...

Oracle looked into Sir Giant’s eyes, as the members of Golden Moon understood their tasks.

’Yes, we have to separate that girl from that lunatic.’ Sir Giant thought, then Red couldn’t control Vritra.

They all made a plan silently, and in the next moment Oracle turned into a blinding light and flashed beside Pink.

Before the others could react, the two had disappeared, while the others from the six seats also made their moves, even the emperors.

"Oh!" Red was a little surprised but he had expected this, but before he could continue with his plans, a seductive male voice sounded just beside his ear.

"Hoo, little guy, wanna try mixing pink and red?"

Red’s body was suddenly grabbed by Pink, his body seemed to turn into some sort of clothes itself as he tightly wrapped himself around Red, freezing him.

"!!!" Vritra was surprised for a moment but knew that this was the perfect moment, he had to save her.

He tried to teleport but found that space had been locked all over the city, making even the formation useless.

Pushing himself to his limits, Vritra increased his speed to max and rushed in Vanessa’s direction.

But then he saw a blinding light rushing towards her as well.

"Oracle!!"

60%

THUMP THUMP

THUMP THUMP

His hearts started beating so loudly that even the people outside could clearly hear him, his body burst forward with extreme energy.

But Tin and Vin appeared in front of him, trying to stop him.

"GET OUT OF MY WAY!" Vritra put his hands before him in a cross shape and smashed into them, his speed increasing beyond his limit.

If he could just get close to her, just close enough and he could save her.

Tin and Vin’s bodies were blasted away, but they flew back towards him, their sole goal was to stop him.

Darius too appeared before Vritra, spreading his arms as countless swords appeared out of thin air and danced around him.

"Try to get through this." Darius challenged, he was confident most lost would be riddled with holes if they even got close to it.

Vritra only increased his speed further as he caught fire, the restrictions of space acting against him.

BAANNNGGGGGGGG!

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...