Chapter 597 Cannibal

The foul taste of human flesh filled Oracle's mouth as intestines and internal organs hung from his mouth.

It was a terrifying scene, but despite the trauma and dread, Oracle could no longer control his body.

While devouring one human, he instantly jumped towards one of the other seats, picking him up amidst the resistance.

Many of the people began to launch attacks upon noticing that escaping from this hall was impossible for some reason.

Oracle screamed even more as the attacks hit him, his defences had reduced to the lowest, it was as if the layer of skin had been removed and everyone was directly hitting against his flesh and nerves.

He roared and crushed the head of another person, eating the flesh and brain matter.

Oracle felt extreme disgust, he wanted to tear apart his own mouth, he was performing cannibalism right.

Sir Giant, dreaded, reacted quickly and along with other Ford members he quickly began to launch attacks.

Vritra stood there with a smile, watching the whole scene play out.

If he had killed them himself it would be no fun, but he enjoyed their dread, the despair and the confusion.

Turning Oracle into this man-eating monster was truly a fantastic idea.

Of course, he was not going to let that monster just devour everyone, he was only feeding the ones he wanted to kill.

Suddenly, while munching over two men, the monster jumped in front of Jack.

"W- Wha-?" the young hero staggered back and instantly peed, his strength was way too weak. He wanted to run but couldn't move.

Just then the space energy began to ripple beside him as if he was about to be pulled into it.

'Oh, his fate is trying to save him, it is really quite handy.' Vritra thought, after all, until Jack had killed a demon lord, the planet itself was protecting him.

But how could Vritra just allow him to escape, without wasting a moment, he threw Jack into the dimensional book.

The large monster just punched the ground, hitting nothing.

Seeing its prey missing, Oracle roared madly while internally trying to stop himself, his mind was a mess.

It was worse than any nightmare, he couldn't control himself but could feel everything clearly.

"Oracle, you bastard, stop right now!!" Sir Giant shouted but no matter how many attacks landed on his body, after getting damaged he just healed rapidly.

Sir Giant looked around fearfully, he then shouted at Shen: "Take Rich, Tiny and Teresa, escape. I will try to hold them back if possible, also have you seen Art?"

"No, I didn't but h- how could I just-" Shen couldn't leave his grandfather behind, he was really in a dilemma.

"This is an order, take them and leave or our entire family will be killed. Hurry!!" Sir Giant angrily shouted, each moment was bringing them closer to death.

ROOOAAARRRRRRRRRRR

Suddenly, Oracle jumped towards Sir Giant and punched hard.

BOOOM

Instantly, the old man's body was blasted away, smashing into the ground.

Shen gritted his teeth, but after a moment he turned and moved towards Tiny.

He glanced around but also couldn't find Rich around, while his wife lay in one of the corners, lying like a lump.

Protecting others took priority so he just left her be for now, moving hurriedly towards the stage.

Tiny and Jean were frozen stiff on the stage beside the priest.

"H- Hurry up, p- protect me. You bastard slave, what are you s- spacing out for?!!" Tiny shouted as she jumped and slapped Jean's face.

Jean was brought back to his senses as anger flooded him. Yes, despite everyone thinking so highly of him, he was nothing more than Tiny's slave.

A husband who would follow her around like a dog, along with many of her other slaves.

But now that death was so close he couldn't take it anymore, he kicked the Tiny girl away, shouting: "You damn slut, die along with your whore mother, fuck!"

He moved back instantly as he saw the large flesh monster jumping up towards the stage.

"Uwaaaaaah" the priest screamed and ran away.

Sir Giant and Shen were filled with fear as they watched the giant monster rushing towards Tiny.

They both screamed and rushed forward, Shen got close first but the monster just slapped him away.

Sir Giant, charging every bit of his strength, desperately rushed forward, even burning his life force.

He charged the strongest punch he could launch and aimed towards the flesh monster.

But just as he was about to get close to Tiny, something wrapped around his feet and pulled back forcefully, as his face smashed into the floor.

He tried to break free but the sticky black substance clung to his feet, making it impossible for him to move.

He hurriedly looked back and saw Vritra's wide smile and instantly a scene played back in his mind.

Previously, when Vritra was rushing forward to save who he thought was his mother, it was at the end Sir Giant who stopped him.

He too felt his desperation and struggle but only now understood how it felt to be on the other end.

Regret and pain flooded his heart, he turned towards Tiny, and could only scream, watching in despair and helplessness as the monster raised his feet.

"Nooooooooo stop stop Oracle, Vritra I am begging you stop-" he screamed as tears streamed down his face.

"S- Save me SOB helpppp fatherrrr great grandpa, save me I don't want to die aaaaaahh-" Tiny screamed in despair as the ugly monster came dangerously close to her.

BOOOOOM!!

But in the next moment a loud sound rang out and instantly pieces of flesh and bones flew around and Tiny's pleading for help suddenly came to a halt.

Both Shen and Sir Giant felt as if someone had ripped their hearts out as their bodies went limp, their red eyes staring blankly.

As Oracle raised his feet, the minced meat and organs stuck and stretched. Without caring, he rushed towards the members of the Golden Moon, eating them up.

"Kill me just kill me, I c- couldn't protect her, my little buttercup SOB aaaaaah" Sir Giant screamed in despair, before fainting from the extreme mental distress.

In the distance, Shen was experiencing something similar, his face breaking into tears as he fell with no strength.

But then pushed himself up, he still needed to save his son and sister.

"Good good, old man, wake up, did you like it?" Vritra laughed, enjoying the sight.

Of course, because of Teresa, he had decided not to kill them so Tiny was still alive.

Vritra flashed before Sir Giant and threw some boiling water over his body, which was at an extreme temperature.

Immediately bringing him back to consciousness.

"Uwaaaah" Sir Giant screamed, his eyes bloodshot, it seemed he wanted to die.

"G- Great Grandpa, h- help meeeeee" suddenly, Tiny's voice sounded again.

Sir Giant, startled, quickly looked towards the stage and she was actually still standing there in her wedding dress.

"H- How can this be? T- Tiny…?" Sir Giant couldn't understand anything, but while laughing Vritra cleared his doubts.

"Oh that previously was just an illusion, go hurry and save her. She is really about to die." While speaking he removed the restrictions of the goop.

And Sir Giant was finally able to move. He was overjoyed and filled with dread at the same time.

But this time he was going to save her for sure.

'Haha this sure is fun, let's see how long he can handle this.' Vritra was enjoying the whole thing.

❖❖❖