Chapter 508: Crazy Emperor

Dago paused, somehow, if Vritra’s strength was still as high as it was during the war, then...

’Wait, is he actually here to kill me? Then his strength...? This is not a dream right?’ Dago was terrified for a moment.

But then he remembered that this was his realm, the dragon kingdom.

Even if Vritra’s strength was as high as it was during the war, he would at least have a way to escape, while throwing all the dragons as cannon fodder at him.

’Right, who says I even need to test his strength on my own. And there are already so many types of traps and protections I have already set up.’

The dragon emperor was so scared of Vritra that at the same time he increased the safety of this realm to the maximum.

Spending most of resources to make sure of his safety.

ROOAAARRRRRRRR

Pulling in a large amount of air, Dago let out a loud roar that reverberated across the entire realm.

All the dragons were alerted, clearly understanding the meaning behind this roar.

It was the highest level of emergency.

"..." Vritra just stood there, leaning back against the door frame.

He didn’t seem the least bit affected while Yasmine disappeared, she didn’t want to get in the way of her husband’s fight.

"Coming here was a mistake, you insulted me and attacked me when I was not ready, now you are going to pay for it." Dago said as dragon scales started appearing over his body.

He transformed into the dragon partially, his body size growing to near eight to nine feet.

Within moments, the sounds of dozens upon dozens of dragons rushing towards the chamber rang out.

His personal protectors and most of the guards all flooded the hallways, surrounding the building completely.

No matter how shitty their emperor was, without him, it would be extremely easy for other races to attack them.

They would be divided.

"Emperor, what’s wrong?" one of the protectors appeared inside the chamber, looking around in a hurry.

But there was no one around, only the tall emperor in his partial dragon form standing there.

"Kill him!! He is the man who killed thousands of our brethren, now we won’t let him escape!!" Dago shouted while pointing towards Vritra while daring not to attack himself.

"Huh? What’s going on here? Is there an enemy? Are we under attack?" more dragons rushed into the chamber but there was no infiltrator.

"Have you all gone mad?!! Look right there, IT IS VRITRA ARCLIS, he is standing right against the door. Don’t just stand there and kill him right away." Dago shouted desperately.

While all his men were scratching their heads, there really was no one.

"Don’t tell me, our emperor has finally gone mad." One of the commanders muttered in a low voice.

"It seems so, Vritra died more than two years ago, how could he be here? It seems he just woke up from another nightmare."

"He is seeing illusions now too, is he really fit to rule us all anymore?"

Such discussions broke among all the guards, these words only made Dago more mad.

"Hahaha Poor Dago, they all treat you like a fool, I can’t believe you have fallen so low. Tch tch." Vritra said with a shake of his head.

"There is no way they would trea—" Dago was about to shout when one of his protectors interrupted.

"Emperor, are you ill? Are you sure you didn’t just see him in a dream? There is no one here and Vritra is already dead.

No one can survive the god’s punishment, remember, our previous empress also passed away because of such an attack." The first protector said, looking at the emperor with pity.

"God punishment? Didn’t Yasmine also survive that, then why can’t he?" Dago interrupted, remembering seeing Yasmine back in the war and just now.

But why would they even believe him, there was no evidence.

And no one else said anything about the late empress.

It seemed his mind had finally snapped.

"Aaaaaahhhhh Damnit, he is standing right there, why won’t you believe me. Right, he must be using some skill to hide his presence.

You— yes you, go ahead and attack that door frame, right now." Dago shouted while pointing to the door.

The protector shook his head but still followed the emperor’s order, turning around, he shot forward a ball of flames.

BOOOOM

One side of the door exploded, pieces of the metals flying in all directions.

Yet it seemed to pass through Vritra’s body while he remained unmoving.

’H- Huh? Is he really just an illusion? Otherwise how could the attack go through his body?’ Dago now started to question his own sanity.

"Wait, he must be using spatial abilities, he did possess them. Really, Vritra is right there."

"Emperor, I think you need to rest, I will ask someone to repair this damaged door as soon as possible.

Please rest, if you need I can also call some physicians." Another protector added before turning and leaving along with the guards.

A lot of dragons had died in the war too, so they already didn’t like Dago’s decision making and command.

Now this seemed to be the final nail in the coffin, they looked at him as if he was some lunatic.

"Aww Gonna cry? Hahaha feeling helpless? Weren’t you trying quite hard to stop me back then, why don’t you come forward and attack me yourself?" Vritra said.

"You bastard, you are just an illusion, get out of my brain. You can’t hurt me!" Dago shouted, trying to calm his mind.

He returned to his original form and took in several long breaths.

"Is that so?" chuckling, Vritra finally moved.

He teleported exactly in front of the dragon emperor and then...

SLAP

"Does that hurt you? Do you believe now that I am real or need more evidence?" Vritra muttered after slapping him.

A clear handprint appeared over his cheek, and pain surged from his face.

’Real real real, this is fucking real. I am not hallucinating. He is going to kill me.’ Dago was terrified, he needed no further proof of his existence and strength.

With all his might, the emperor’s body shot towards the sky, as he broke through the ceiling.

He was going to use his best escaping method, though he would be teleported thousands of kilometres away or even into a random realm.

But it was still better than death.

’I can think about my revenge and reputation later on. Damnit, why my father had to leave now of all times?’ Cursing in his mind, Dago reached a really high point.

All the guards who were about to return to their duties or home, paused as they heard the loud noise.

Then they saw Dago floating high in the sky.

"What is he doing up there?"

’It is time for the payback for all he had done. He even tried to kill wifey.’ Vritra thought, as his gaze narrowed.

Then he flew up and flashed before Dago in an instant.

His body transformed, horns growing above his head, flames consisting of countless colours burning around him.

He looked like a devil sent straight from hell to take back Dago’s soul.

"Hah, I am leaving, and you won’t be able to find me after this." Dago muttered, in his fist was a small blackish glyph.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...