Chapter 265: Hubby~ Do you love me?

"I am going to cut you to pieces if you don’t have a good reason—Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!" The king let out a frightened scream as soon as he opened the door and saw Vritra standing there. He had assumed it to be one of the guards.

"S- Sir, forgive me! I didn’t know it was you. I am so sorry, s- should I cut off my other arm too?" The king instantly knelt. For some reason, Vritra seemed a lot more terrifying than ever before—his natural aura screamed strength and terror.

Waving his hand, Vritra got to the main topic: "Have you gathered the soul potions yet?"

"A- Ah, yes sir, I have gathered quite a bit of soul potions. The number is a bit less than the ones present in our inventory, but this is all I was able to gather in such a short time." Henry felt a little better that he didn’t have to cut his other arm as well.

First, he waved his hand and made the guards leave.

He had played smart and spread the news that the king had received a serious soul injury, and then all the noble and rich families began to send all sorts of soul potions to curry favour with him.

And so, he gathered so many soul potions without spending a single penny. Vritra knew that he was a smart king—no stupid king could raise his kingdom to such a state.

"H- Here, this is all I was able to gather. I- If you want, I can try to find some more..." Henry spoke as he pulled out a storage glyph and passed it to Vritra.

Sensing the storage inside, Vritra threw it into his inventory and then looked back at the frightened king. After a short silence, he finally gave the sad news: "In a few days, I will be leaving for the White Kingdom—"

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Overjoyed +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Euphoric +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Rhapsodic +1}

...

Vritra: "..."

Yasmine: "Hahaha, just look at his face. He looks as if he had just killed the murderer of his entire family."

"Sir, that’s such a wonderful—cough cough—sad news. When are you leaving?" Henry asked in haste, a glint of joy in his eyes.

"You think this is sad news?" Vritra asked.

"O- Of course, you are a guest here. It is always sad to watch a guest leave." Henry lied through his teeth, his left eye blinking rapidly as he spoke, barely stopping his lips from curling up.

"Sigh, I don’t like making people sad. I will just stay here—" Vritra began to speak, but the king let out a frightened voice:

"NOOOOOO!! I- I mean, I don’t want to hold you back. This place is too small for you."

"Anyway, what do you know about the White Kingdom’s current situation? Is it safe there?" Vritra asked, deciding not to waste any more time with this king.

"Hmm, I haven’t heard anything recently from there. They have been unusually silent for a few days. But I did hear before that the number of demons located around the kingdom has increased, so they are expecting a demon swarm to attack soon.

B- But if you’re planning to go there, then I have a way which would make your experience in the White Kingdom a lot easier," Henry said as he remembered something.

"Soon, an envoy of the Blue and Dunshire Kingdom will be leaving for the White Kingdom while bringing the strongest and most talented warriors for a big tournament that will be happening in the White Kingdom in a few months.

If you want, you can enter the White Kingdom as one of the members of the envoy. The security around that kingdom is especially high currently, and this way you won’t face any difficulties."

The king finished speaking in one breath, waiting for Vritra’s reaction.

"When is this envoy leaving?" Vritra asked, no emotion on his face.

"Somewhere around two weeks later," came the reply.

"Make it one week, and good job. You are a smart king." Vritra smiled and patted Henry’s shoulder. The king felt quite proud of himself for some reason. He saw Vritra as someone very terrifying and special, so his praise felt nice.

"Y- Yes sir. A- And about the White Kingdom, the technology there is much more advanced compared to here.

The average level is also higher—you can easily find countless warriors at the 1st Legion rank walking on the roads. I even heard Hans Gratt was seen in that kingdom recently.

That place is thousands of times richer and more dangerous. The king there rules by the oppression method, and the rules are too harsh... but only for the poor. It could even be called a slightly evil kingdom."

"Alright." Vritra nodded after listening, then turned and started walking away.

Henry finally relaxed as Vritra left. He was still afraid that Vritra might kill him, but now that didn’t seem to be the case. Thankfully, there were no guards outside his room to see his pathetic state.

Jumping with joy, he ran into the room.

***

While walking back, Vritra started pulling one bottle of soul potion after another and drank them.

"Mmm, yummy. So we will be leaving after a week. I thought it would take more than a year to reach even the White Kingdom, but we are just going so fast. But it also scares me a bit—such fast growth might bring dangers soon that we can’t handle," Yasmine said, worry filling her voice.

"That is true, but I can’t stop moving forward just because the challenges ahead might be too big. Haa, well, all we can do is be extra cautious.

But with my luck... sigh, it’s like I am carrying around a very, very strong magnet and pulling any and every trouble towards me, even though my luck is so high already..." Vritra shook his head.

"Hubby, do you love me?" Yasmine asked out of nowhere. Vritra was a bit surprised, but he nodded and said: "Yeah, I love you."

"Can you fight Bone Blood Cult, Nine Pacts, Golden Moon, Divine Kage, dragons, and even demon lords for me?" Yasmine asked.

"Yes, I will." Vritra replied seriously, though he wasn’t sure where she was bringing this conversation.

"Will you do anything for me?" she asked, and now Vritra was getting really curious.

"Of course, I will do anyyy~thing for you." Vritra replied while walking back towards his room, answering his wife in all seriousness. He felt that she might have something important to ask.

"Then can you continue playing that series? Just five more episodes for today, pretty pleaseeeee~" And Yasmine finally revealed her true evil motives.

Vritra: "..."

"You naughty wifey, if you were just going to ask that, then you should have just said so directly. There is absolutely no need to spiral it around." Vritra said with a smile.

"Yayyy!! So we are having a TV night?" Yasmine really liked the idea of watching the series along with the other women, though she couldn’t sit beside them and eat with them.

"Haha, no." Vritra said as the dragoness’s celebration paused instantly and she began to ask cutely.

Soon, Vritra returned to his room. He ate food along with the three ladies while watching TV and then binge-watched the entire night.

Who can deny Yasmine’s request?

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...