Chapter 420: Lesson One~

"Are you sure?" a man with tattoos covering his entire body sitting over a bamboo spoke.

"Yeah, he threw 20 gold coins like it’s nothing. I am sure he must be very rich, and there was even a woman with them.

Although I didn’t see her face, she appeared hot." The manager spoke, scratching the scars on his face.

"Should we strike tonight? The atmosphere here is quite serious—even though the curfew has ended, the security is still very tight." another man added.

Over fifty men were gathered in a small field behind their hotel and, in the thick mist, they couldn’t even see each other’s faces.

"Yes, who’s gonna know about it anyway. I am sure they must be some rich merchant or something from Ghazi city, unaware of this hotel’s reputation." someone from the crowd added.

"But I still think we should be more careful during this period of time—" the tattooed man said. He seemed to be the leader of the bunch.

"Are you stupid? When are we getting such a golden opportunity? Let’s hurry up and once we get the gold, we can lay low for a while." The same encouraging voice from before sounded.

"Alright, then let’s go." Finally, they all spoke excitedly.

Onest smiled from within the crowd. He had just met up with Vritra and, for some reason, he’d been given the task to motivate this bunch of thieves.

Soon the whole group made their way into the hotel, making sure to not leave any way to escape.

...

Vritra and Maeve lay on the bed, talking about the events of the next day. It was unexpected, but the addition of these bandits was a nice thing.

"They are here already." Vritra mumbled.

KNOCK KNOCK

"Sir, I have brought food for you, don’t worry this will be on the house."

A feminine voice sounded from outside, as over fifty men stood surrounding the room from all sides.

"..." Vritra didn’t move. With just a thought, he simply teleported them all into the dimensional book and stopped the time for them.

"Have a good rest, a good show will be starting from tomorrow. I just hope there will be enough audience." Vritra thought as he closed his eyes.

Maeve cleared her throat and spoke a bit shyly, but sounding mischievous.

"Cough, Master, about that thing you were telling to teach me, can we start now? You know, I need all the knowledge and practice for my future husband."

"Oh, future husband, huh? Do you have anyone in mind? As a lord, it should be someone special, right?" Turning to face her, he questioned, his lips curving up slightly.

"Of course, I have already made my choice. There could only ever be one man for me, my lovely master~"

Maeve said, hugging Vritra. Although she had already told him about her feelings, saying it like this made her feel a bit shy; her tail was swinging from side to side like a snake.

"Ah, so it is your master. What a lucky man sigh." Vritra said in a downcast tone as if she was talking about someone else.

"!!!" Maeve was a bit surprised, wondering if her words weren’t clear enough. She pulled back, but seeing his smile she calmed down.

’I love it when he teases me like this, I missed this side of him so much. And I would do anything so he could keep smiling at me like that...’ Maeve thought, her gaze filled with determination.

"Hmm, so about your training, let’s start from the beginning. From a kiss, tell me how much you learned from that book of yours."

Vritra said as he sat back; being this close to this demoness and not doing anything was truly torture.

"Uh... Like pressing our lips, something with tongue. It was too vague, master, please enlighten me." Maeve said seriously.

"Alright, just follow my lead and take it slow." Vritra said, and before Maeve could reply, he pushed her down, lying on top of her.

Her soft body pressed into his, the two feeling each other’s warmth. Their faces were so close that their noses were touching; Vritra pinned both her arms above her head.

"Just relax..." whispering lightly, Vritra leaned down, capturing her juicy pink lips in a soft, melting kiss.

Maeve’s heartbeat increased and her body felt like burning.

All her life it had just been survival, so she was really happy to be able to experience something so lovely with the person she loved so much.

Their lips slowly rubbed; Maeve observed Vritra’s movements and then copied. He took her lower lip into his mouth, sucking on it lightly and pulling it.

Then tilting his head, Vritra gently began to caress and suck her soft, luscious lips, loving her taste.

Foxie repeated after him, though her movements were still a bit rough.

Her lips were so creamy and tender that Vritra felt like he was literally eating something very delicious.

And her scent—it made him forget everything, just her warmth and her tasty lips.

Vritra opened his mouth slightly and moved his tongue forward, pressing it against her lips, giving a light lick before trying to enter.

There was no need for further instructions; Maeve’s fists were clenched and a surreal pleasure filled her being.

Feeling his tongue press against her lips, she slowly parted her lips and felt it move inside.

’Mmm, it really feels like he is devouring me. I never thought a kiss could be so intoxicating. I am gonna need at least 100 kisses from master daily now.’

Maeve thought, but this was just the start.

Vritra’s tongue exploringly moved deeper into her mouth, going past her pearl-white teeth and gently licking around.

A shiver ran through her body as his tongue touched her own; it was such a strange feeling. Maeve’s tongue moved a bit back at the first contact.

But once again, Vritra went forward and directly entangled with Maeve’s tongue, as the two tasted each other.

"Mmmm~" Maeve let out a muffled moan as the intensity of the kiss increased suddenly.

Their lips were completely sealed as the two tongues rubbed and intertwined in a wet dance, the two exchanging saliva.

Vritra sucked into her mouth, pulling her tongue and nibbling on it as the two swallowed each other’s saliva.

Maeve was really overwhelmed by such an intimate kiss, but she was now even more in love with his kisses, and even a hundred a day seemed too less.

She moved her arms and wrapped them around his neck, pressing her mouth against him even harder.

Then she replicated his movements, sucking harder as her cheeks hollowed out and getting more of his saliva.

Wrapping her tongue around his, Foxie gently pulled him into her mouth, sucking on it with relish.

"Hmmm~ Mmphh~ SLURP GULP~ GULP~" as the passionate and wet kiss continued, seconds turned to minutes, nearly twenty minutes passed as the two practiced.

Following Vritra’s lead, Maeve felt like she was really getting better at it.

She bit his tongue, desperately sucking for more of his sweet saliva, feeling as if her body was melting into his.

After a few more minutes, Vritra finally pulled back his mouth from the grasp of the thirsty fox.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...