Chapter 706 The Crow

Vritra slept for a few hours with his wives, and soon they were ready to continue the journey.

Of course first was the task to kill the two players, the only difficulty was finding them.

After waking up, they took baths with the water in their inventory and dressed up into different sets of clothes.

"Let's go and see what Onest and Shitless have found." Vritra spoke, as they all walked out of the group.

Maeve spread her shadows in all directions, she has gotten used to keeping an eye on everything.

KNOCK KNOCK

"Who is it?" a female voice sounded from inside.

"It's me." Vritra said, rolling his eyes.

"Oh welcome, pitiful one!" Shitless said, standing there with a big smile.

"So what did you find?" Vritra asked, his gaze moving towards the window which had blood stains.

Ribbit was still hanging outside the window, his mouth was stuffed with Shitless's socks, arms broken.

He could do nothing.

"Just throw him out in the water, feed the mutant creatures." Diana walked closer to the window and with a flick of her finger added poison to his body.

"Alright!" Shitless nodded and cut the rope tied around his feet.

"Mmm! MMphhh!!" he tried to scream but only let out muffled sounds as his body fell into the water with a splash.

"Huh? Did something fall inside?" the guards there looked down, but they didn't really care.

Ribbit sank into the water, with the chair still tied to him.

"We found that not long ago a crow like man had visited this place and almost wiped out everyone, he was very strong and searching for some guy named Sonic." Onest spoke.

"I see, then let's meet the others and check if they know anything else." Vritra suggested.

The group left the room and headed for the upper floors where Smoker was planning things out with the others.

Vritra no longer wanted to waste time here, torturing such people is fun, but he just wanted to end the game quickly.

A few of the guards were standing in the hallway.

"Are you here to meet the boss?" one of the men asked, though his eyes moved to the group of women.

Vritra sighed, raising his right arm he flicked at the empty air and in the next moment the heads of the guards were crushed in a bloody mess.

The dead bodies fell, creating a blood pool.

"They are all inside, making pointless plans." Vritra muttered, he could clearly see through the wall.

"Wait, let me handle this first." Shitless said, he was enjoying it quite a lot.

He transformed into Sonia and knocked on the door.

One of the men opened the door and was shocked to see Sonia there, he quickly informed his boss about it.

"Whoa, you are the leader of this group?!" Smoker saw the beautiful woman who was hiding her face before.

He looked down at her heavy bosom and drooled, that bastard Ribbit got to spend time with her?

Licking his lips lasciviously, he asked: "H- How can I help you? Do you need food? I have got plenty."

"Yes, can I talk to you in private?" Shit- Sonia asked while biting her lips, her tone sultry.

Shitless has really gotten good at it.

"O- Of course, we can talk in private. You bastards, get the fuck out of here, don't you see I have an important meeting!!" Smoker shouted hurriedly.

'Where is that Ribbit? Did he get exhausted or something? In any case, I am only doing it with her and won't allow that other guy to enter!' Smoker looked at Onest while thinking.

Soon the others were thrown out of the room, while only Shitless and Smoker remained inside.

Vritra looked at the other men, aside from Hunter none of the others had any importance.

He glanced at Vanessa who smiled and nodded.

Instantly they were all consumed by an illusion, Hunter stood silently as all the other men took out their weapons.

In the next second, they all sliced their throats, trembling violently before falling with a thud.

Within moments, all of them were dead and Hunter didn't even notice it.

The room remained silent for a while then Smoker's screams started to ring out.

His illusions weren't going to work on Shitless.

"What happened?" Hunter was startled when he heard the screams, shouldn't the woman be screaming instead?

"Let's enter and check!" he shouted and turned back, only to be horrified to see dozens of corpses with their throats slit.

He was about to activate his skills but was suddenly frozen by the invisible walls.

"So whatever your name is, tell me if you have recently seen anyone very powerful and where he went, or you will be killed too." Vritra spoke slowly, but his voice scared the shit out of Hunter.

"I- I will speak!" Hunter instantly gave in, and gave the same information.

"Alright, good job." Vritra nodded after hearing, then threw him away.

His body smashed into the wall and then was thrown into the flood water.

Soon, Shitless also walked out, carrying a stone.

"Pitiful one, he finally spoke after getting hit a few times. Apparently, the crow man had left this stone behind, telling them to break it if anyone by the name Sonic arrives here."

Shitless said, his body looked metallic, arms covered in blood.

"That was easy, break it." Vritra said, he glanced into the room and saw Smoker's body lying all over the room in pieces.

CRACK

Shitless crushed it instantly, as smoke started to emit from the pieces.

The smoke soon flooded the entire floor and then flew into the sky.

"Let's go up and check, he most probably is the player." Yasmine spoke, killing them has become too easy after the grind.

The group climbed to the roof and waited, and after ten or so minutes, a dark dot finally appeared in the distance.

"He is here." Maeve informed, her gaze focused on the crow like entity.

WHOOSH

As the player got closer, Vritra checked his info.

[You have come in contact with a player!]

[Eliminate him to steal his ascension path and opportunities!]

[Player: Crow]

[Ability: Beast Evolution]

[Ascension Path: Beast Form]

"Crow, let's first see if he knows anything." Vritra waited, and soon the 7 feet tall man arrived above the building.

The flap of his wings generated powerful wind, his eyes scanning the area, he looked like a person with features of a crow.

There was even a beak on his face and black feathers over his body.

"KAW Who are you?" he might have been the first man here who showed no emotion even after seeing those beautiful women.

Maybe his taste was different.

"Are you searching for the other player?" Vritra replied with a question.

"Yes I was but he had already left this city, so why did you call me?!" his voice was dangerous, he was already planning to kill them.

"Where did he go? Do you know the locations of the other players?" Vritra asked.

"…" without speaking, Crow's gaze moved towards Shitless, he glared and questioned:

"You were the one to destroy the stone I gave to that smoke guy, so you killed him. Did he not tell you that this place was under my protection?"

"Oh, so that's what he meant when he was shouting, kaw kaw?" Shitless asked before bursting out laughing.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...