Chapter 653 Hic

'Someone is following us.' Vritra thought, but he didn't really care as they posed no threat and had no killing intent.

He saw the hospital in the distance and the group moved hurriedly.

It would be nice to have some wolves, travelling would be so much easier than.

Along the way, Vritra killed few mutants and they soon arrived near the hospital.

"Foxie" Vritra muttered and Maeve understood as she removed the darkness.

They looked around the abandoned place but it was hard to locate any underground base.

RUSTLE

Though just after a moment, Vritra sensed slight rustling of fabric in the distance.

A group of men watched them secretly.

Vritra and the others just looked around as if they were planning to search the hospital for any loot.

The men quickly reported it back to Xander.

'Oh we got more food for our babies?' it was Xander's special ability to control, tame and quicken the growth of the mutant wolves.

They had a mutant wolf farm here.

'Let's go get these lambs!' he thought a cruel smile spreading across his lips.

"W- W- Where J- J- J-" he spoke, as always, stammering.

"I will call Junior right away, boss." The other guy understood and completed.

He brought Junior over hurriedly but found the guy to be drunk, he was swinging left to right.

Only after a few slaps was he even able to walk somewhat shakily.

"L- L- L-"

"Let's fucking goooo~" Junior said while burping.

Xander, as careful as ever, quickly gathered his force and got them ready in case of emergency.

It was because of his cautious nature that he was able to survive initially.

"Looks like they are coming, wifeys, be ready to act out properly." Vritra said, hunting like this was always fun.

Soon they heard several footsteps as over ten men came into view, leading them was none other than the drunk Junior.

Xander hid behind his men, while the others remained hidden in the shadows.

"W- W- woo iieee sii" Xander spoke, poking Junior.

"I am the cum *hic* mander, of this army." Junior spoke out loudly, before adding:

"Boss says, I am Xander, and welcome to our great *hic* cunt." He added.

Everyone, on both sides were stunned, the men dressed in fur coats, looking at Xander strangely.

"woo iiee baa" Xander said hurriedly.

"Boss says, idiot, I meant cult not *hic* cunt" after a pause he added while pointing at Vritra's group: "And *hic* stop your *hic*cups!"

"…" Vritra looked at them strangely, then he asked cautiously.

"Who are you people? I want no trouble, we will be on our way right away."

"iie saa roo maa" shaking his hands with a kind expression Xander spoke something and poked Junior.

"Boss says, I am not a bad guy, I am the admin *hic* ass *hic* trator of justice here, a prosti *hic* tutor of good." Junior said while swinging left to right.

"Huh? Ass traitor of justice? Prostitutor of good?" Onest repeated the word, as both sides looked strangely at Xander who was going red by rage.

"IEEE AA WOOII SAAII" he shouted loudly.

"Boss says, you stupid bastard when *hic* did I say that?!! Tell them that I am only a dik *hic* tator to bad people! Make no mistakes this time." Junior shouted.

"He is dick for bad people?" Shitless asked, these people were really strange.

This time, Xander was truly angry. He gestured and Junior was dragged away, he was drowned until he came back to his senses and was thrown back, completely drenched.

"COUGH COUGH boss says, I welcome you all in our Wolves cult, you can rest here as there is plenty food available and we are in need of some men power for small tasks."

"Oh really, you have enough food for us all?" Vritra asked in surprise, finally moving forward a bit.

The other group was instantly stunned as they saw the seven extremely beautiful women, though Teresa's face was still covered.

They were entranced and just stared mindlessly.

"I am Adam, are you the leader?" Vritra asked, bringing them to their senses.

'Are these the people that lusty butcher was talking about? These women are truly too gorgeous, how did they survive till now?' Xander was even more shocked than when the apocalypse had arrived.

'This is good, the three guys will turn into food and I can have these women. I can even give a couple to butcher.' He already made plans for them.

If they came willingly then good otherwise, he planned to bring them in forcefully.

"iie aa ziee" he said and Junior translated:

"Boss says, yes I am the leader, Xander. Please follow us to our humble base, you can even live here permanently if you wish. Only by flocking together can we actually survive in this apocalypse."

"Thank you, we are all really exhausted and are lucky to find a home. Thank you very much." Vritra said and others chimed in.

While making casual talk, they walked towards an area perfectly hidden.

Soon, one guy used his ability to remove the concrete and stairs leading underground became visible.

"Don't worry, the people here are really kind, you are all going to love this place." Junior spoke while secretly glancing at the women who walked behind Vritra, blocking his view.

He barely held back his laughter, these lambs were willingly walking into the lion's den.

After climbing down, Vritra and the others were led towards rooms, they saw several men who indeed seemed to be living very well.

But they were clearly all part of Wolves team.

"You all can rest here, we will call you later when it is time to eat. At that time we will explain everything and give you a tour of this place." Junior translated.

Vritra nodded with a grateful expression, as they all walked towards the rooms in the distance.

After entering, Vritra sat on the bed, looking at his wives and smiling.

"Looks like this will be easy, after getting the mutant wolves we will kill butcher and continue forward." He said.

"Yes hubby, it was really funny to see those guys act so smug, as if we are already in their trap." Yasmine chuckled, waiting to see their reaction when the real slaughter starts.

***

Butcher's settlement was a bit far from the Wolves' base, but he arrived there quickly in his carriage.

But right after arriving he noticed that something was amiss, there was blood around and signs of fighting.

Frowning, he was filled with rage. Either his base was attacked by mutants or humans, the possibility of the latter situation was what made him mad.

He was ready to slaughter anyone who dared to attack his kingdom.

Upon arriving inside, he found a big group of people who had broken inside and taken over.

The two sides engaged in another battle and within a minute, butcher was defeated.

Understanding the situation he quickly submitted, the other guy was truly too terrifying.

"You are smart, boy. Behave and I might just allow you to join my group." The leader of the group patted his head.

It was none other than one of the ten players, he was quickly swiping through the cities to gain underlings and increase his strength.

His ultimate goal was to reach the tower as well.

"Y- Yes sir." Butcher said docilely.

"My Ascension path is made just for me heh, this feeling is wonderful. I sensed a powerful presence here earlier, looks like we are getting another member."

He announced looking at the fifty members of his group.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...