Chapter 386: The Wedding Dress

{Recreation}

{Requirement: A death and a sacrifice.}

The messages that popped in Vritra’s mind were vague and didn’t give away any details, sounding completely absurd.

’Death? Sacrifice? What is this all about?’ Vritra’s already bad mood worsened, seeing those two words.

But even after thinking for a while about it, he couldn’t think of anything.

The matter of Yennefer and these new messages kept flashing in his mind, making it impossible for him to sleep.

Maeve was staring at his face, noting even the slightest movement.

After a while, she held Green Claw’s finger in her hand; with a light squeeze, a drop of blood was squeezed out of the nail.

Then she pulled out a potion from her inventory, and using just her mental strength, moved the poison into the potion and waited for some time.

Once the colour of the potion had changed completely to black, she dipped her finger into the potion and stayed still.

Slowly, all the poison was being pulled out of her body and mixing into the potion, changing its colour once again.

After nearly two to three hours, the potion was once again colourless and Maeve was almost back to her peak.

Even the few internal injuries she had disappeared within moments.

Putting the potion away, she just lay there, though initially, she had thought of a thousand ways to pay him back for all the disrespect.

’Why does he look so sad?’ she wondered; this was the first person in her life she could call a friend. She really enjoyed spending time with him.

Feeling that it was better not to interrupt him right now, Maeve closed her eyes, her soft tail slowly coming to rest over Vritra’s arm.

***

[D-Day 19]

Early in the morning, Vritra opened his eyes; he wasn’t able to sleep.

He didn’t want to meet the empress but also wanted to question her about this news.

The sky outside was already bright. Looking down, he saw Maeve who was sleeping in a really weird posture.

Half her body was over him, her leg placed over his belly, and tail spread across his chest.

Vritra knew that she was most probably already healed.

Slowly pushing her off, Vritra stood up. Deciding to get those treasures from her later on, he flew out of the hotel.

"Hubby, don’t think about it too much, I am sure everything will be fine once we meet her. Should we go meet her before that... event tonight?"

Yasmine asked, though she had a bad feeling about this all.

She felt quite angry at Yennefer for making Vritra feel sad and hurt, and knowing that woman, it should be because of her obsession with demons or strength.

’I am fine, but maybe Shitless was right, women are dangerous and non-trustable creatures,’ Vritra thought, before adding: ’Of course, you, mom, Fiona, and Diana excluded.’

After just roaming around and feeling the fresh air, Vritra calmed down a little and decided to go check things out later at the said wedding.

"First let’s go see Fiona and Diana, I wonder if there is any news about mom today." He wondered and flew back towards the city of charms.

Just when he was midway there, Vritra heard a scream and upon looking down, he was quite surprised at the sight.

There were several men and one of them was Vritra or rather someone who looked almost like him, though with many dissimilarities.

"Sigh, as if I am already not popular enough, and here they are hoarding my chance to earn sin points." Vritra shook his head.

At one glance, he could tell that it was the maniacs from the Bone Blood Cult.

That stench of blood is always clinging to their bodies, and here they were attacking random people.

Not in the mood to deal with them, Vritra just sent a weak soul attack towards the group, without even using the nether eye.

And without even knowing what had happened, over twenty men dropped dead, their levels under 1st Legion rank.

Ignoring the messages popping in front of him, Vritra wondered if his new skill charged fist was really going to be as great as it was said to be.

"I guess I would be getting the chance to check it out very soon."

It wasn’t long before he arrived inside the city of charms, he was quite surprised at how fast the two women were progressing.

Diana’s potions were also quite useful, as their comprehension was rapidly increasing.

"Is there any news about mom?" he asked, getting comfort in the tight and warm embrace of the goddess.

Living together with them for this long, Diana had changed a lot, though she was still a bit greedy about money and treasures but that was acceptable.

"No, but the princess assured that there is no danger to mom’s life. Her talent and dedication are off the charts, or so she said." Fiona answered, missing Vanessa as well.

"Anyway, darling try this potion out, it’s magical. After observing the empty legion stone, Diana had created this potion which would be quite helpful even for your comprehension."

Fiona said, picking up a potion.

"I will try it later." Vritra said, putting the potion into his inventory.

"Is everything alright?" Diana asked, putting away the materials and walking closer to him.

"...Yeah, I am just worried about mom." He said, giving a faint smile.

"Let’s go eat a delicious breakfast. You won’t believe how tasty the dishes the new hotel we found here creates are." The three then headed away.

***

Inside a room, near the palace.

Yennefer was sitting over her bed, with a slight frown she was staring at the wall.

"It is so hard to find him, what if he hears this news and misunderstands? But I am sure he will understand me, I have to catch and kill that rat Raelion, no matter what." She muttered to herself before sighing.

She really wanted to explain it to Vritra first, but maybe he hadn’t heard it or he would have come to meet her.

And if he hadn’t yet heard, then there was just no need to worry since everyone will know about the whole thing by tomorrow.

"This time, I am going to kill him." Just while she was deep in thought, there was a knock on the door.

"Enter." Yennefer said, putting back her veil and scanning the person on the other side of the door.

Then a woman entered, she bowed respectfully and explained:

"Empress, I have come here under the emperor’s order with the dresses from which you can choose what to wear tonight."

Yennefer frowned, knowing fully well what the emperor was thinking and what he wanted to do.

"Show them to me." Yennefer ordered.

"Yes, empress." The woman then took out a storage glyph and one by one pulled out beautiful dresses suited for a bride.

"That’s enough, take them back and tell the emperor that I won’t be wearing them." Yennefer said, her tone frosty, making the woman shiver.

"U- Uh... T- The emperor told me to give this message to you." The woman bowed a full 90 degrees and pointed a scroll towards her.

Yennefer glanced at the scroll and tapped at it, then the image of the emperor appeared in the air.

"I knew you wouldn’t agree, sigh, how is Raelion going to believe in all this act if you just wear your usual outfit to the event?

After seeing you, he might just keep hiding and not appear at all. Remember, this is all just an act, don’t you want to kill Raelion?" the emperor said.

"Leave!" Yennefer glared at the frightened woman, making her run out of her room

Taking a deep breath, she calmed down, but there was some truth to it so in the end she decided to just wear a slightly better dress.

"It will all be over, the only thing that matters is Raelion’s death." She muttered, hoping that Vritra wouldn’t hear of this matter until the next day.

***

Inside the hotel, Maeve rolled over the bed and stretched her arms lazily, releasing a soft hum.

Her fluffy white tail touched the bed around but couldn’t sense Vritra anywhere. Her eyes shot open as she looked around.

"Ben, are you here?" she called out, but she couldn’t even sense him anywhere near.

"D- Did he just leave? Certainly not, right? The pact between us hasn’t been resolved, and he hadn’t even taken those treasures yet, maybe he just went out." The fox demon thought, calming herself.

Getting off the bed, she glanced out of the window and saw dozens upon dozens of guards moving across the streets and buildings.

"Are they searching for me?" she wondered. If Maeve wanted, she could sever the pact and leave already, but she would just be returning to that world of deceit and backstabbing.

"Anyway, I can finally have a taste of his blood and being the honest demon I am, how can I just leave without fulfilling my promise." Maeve muttered, and sat back on the bed.

***

Vritra spent his day with Fiona and Diana; their company made him feel a lot better, though with the passage of time he was getting worried about the danger approaching from all sides.

When the sky had started to turn dark, Vritra ate dinner with them and bid them farewell, asking them not to leave this place at any cost for now.

Then he visited the place which Vanessa had entered; despite being far away, he could almost feel her through their shared connection.

"Mom, hurry up and come out, I am waiting for you." He muttered and finally turned to leave.

It was time to crash into the wedding and check just how much truth that news held.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...