Chapter 733 The Tower Climbers

"That kid? There is no way he would have survived that attack." Facing the oldest frail god, the angry bulky god spoke.

It was his attack that had been launched against Vritra at that time, he hated Divine the most.

"That matter is taken care of then, as for Divine, I doubt he can live for long." The oldest god spoke.

The ten gods fell silent, they didn't even want to talk about the cursed figure, that battle had left them all with injuries that had not healed even till now.

"Oh, they are clearing the floors very quickly." The baby god exclaimed, despite his appearance he had already lived thousands of years.

The gods can easily change their appearance, so their current appearance might not be their true ones.

"Hmm they have already crossed the twentieth floor, not bad but there are some attacks that could deal mass damage. It is no surprise." The book god spoke.

As the group continued, the gods got more and more surprised, not expecting them to move so quickly or so high.

But still none believed that these eleven could survive.

***

The group had already risen to the fiftieth floor.

It was flooded with thousands of snakes, all of them highly venomous and very high in agility.

Some snakes were as small as the pinky finger while some were over twenty feet long, it was a very dangerous floor.

But they were all still far from the 10th evolution stage, so it was still not a danger for the group.

"Pitiful one, please let me kill them this time." Shitless pleaded again, ever since they got so strong, he hadn't fought properly.

"Not yet, we can't waste any time here." Vritra shook his head and released yet another spiritual burst.

Despite having used this attack fifty times, he wasn't exhausted, the recovery speed was a lot faster after all.

"Let's go haa can't they just give the strongest boss for us to fight rather than this drag?" Vritra sighed as he walked towards the locked door.

The key formed like before and it flew towards the door.

CLICK

With a faint sound the door opened, and the group continued.

Fifty fifth floor, same attack and they were done.

Sixtieth floor, nothing changed still even though the strength of the mutants was getting higher and higher.

"This is already the ninetieth floor, how long are we supposed to go?" Yennefer spoke, looking very frustrated.

"This place is so stupid, what can we even expect from those incompetent gods!" Diana said with a frown, if she was the real god she would have just made one single floor.

"But they are doing all this for the entertainment of higher beings, I guess it makes sense." Yasmine shrugged.

Even after the ninetieth floor, they were only encountering mutants near the fifth evolution phase creatures.

…

Soon they were at the 100th floor.

Vritra pushed open the door, and stepped onto the next floor, wondering if there would be any changes.

This entire floor was filled with some sort of fluid and no life form could be sensed.

"Hmm now what is this?" they frowned and looked around.

Then some letters flashed before their eyes in big glowing letters.

[Escape this place in 10 minutes or be buried here for eternity!!]

Just as the message flashed, the fluid on the floor began to rise rapidly.

Vritra created a bubble around them to stop the fluid from touching them as he observed the surroundings.

There wasn't even any objective, these fucking gods…

Vritra cursed and decided to just destroy everything that was present there.

At the same time he released two attacks.

One was spiritual burst and the second was hundreds of thousands of blood arrows that rained down all over the floor.

The fluid splattered in all directions as the arrows crashed with such dangerous power.

BANG BANG BANG

KCHHH

Among the loud banging noises, a faint sound of something getting punctured was released as the fluid trembled.

"Oh, so this whole fluid thing was a part of a creature and the core was hidden somewhere." Vritra spoke.

But thanks to the two attacks, the core was destroyed within moments.

The fluid stopped and then converged into yet another key.

[The next floor will be far more dangerous, be careful!!]

A warning flashed in front of them, without removing the bubble Vritra decided to continue.

Although the creatures for now were weak but he can't look down on this tower, who knows what sort of dangers are hidden here.

"S- Sir, do I really need to continue?" Asmodeus had reached way past what he would have been capable of.

"Of course my slave, you follow me as long as I want. Create an automatic chair for everyone that can even climb the stairs." Shitless ordered.

"Uh…" Asmodeus frowned but then nodded, within a couple of minutes he created eleven comfortable seats that could move on their own.

"Oh not bad, pitiful one. It is good right?" Shitless sat on one then moved it around, it was even climbing the stairs without any difficulty.

Vritra just rolled his eyes, saying: "We don't have time to play around, let's keep going."

After speaking he sat down on one of the chairs and moved it over the stairs, it was pretty smooth.

Seeing this, his wives also decided to try.

Soon, all eleven of them were seated over those mechanical chairs that quickly brought them to the next floor.

All ten of the gods watching this scene were speechless, what was even going on?

This challenge, this tower was supposed to be very dangerous, it should be giving the feeling of despair and fear.

And yet, these nobodies were playing around?

All the gods had worked hard to create this all, so it felt like a slap to their faces, as if their hard work was being made fun of.

But they couldn't do anything.

The gods were still hopeful that these people would soon be feeling despair, in fact most of the ten gods wanted to see it so bad.

The higher beings were all watching it, and right now, they noticed that a lot of them were seeing that exact scene.

And they seemed to be enjoying it?!!

The group arrived at the 101st floor on their mechanical chairs, now they weren't so annoyed.

Vritra scanned the floor, and soon located a sole figure standing near the centre.

The mutant resembled a human but its body was full of pus and was gigantic, it held a large metallic vase and exuded a deadly presence.

Thousands of corpses of various creatures were lying all around it, this monster was really far more dangerous than anything before.

ROOAAARRRRRR…

The mutant let out a loud roar upon noticing them and raised the metallic vase, as the corpses began to move towards it.

Getting sucked into the vase.

[Spiritual burst!]

BOOOM!!

One attack and the head of the creature exploded at once, it was still no match for them.

The gods were again left unsatisfied, they really wanted to interfere with it unfortunately they couldn't.

They could only see what was happening from the screen.

"Very soon, they will be gone very soon." The biggest god spoke, trying to calm his anger.

Vritra and the others continued to the next floor on their chairs and again started to kill with a single attack.

"A- At this rate they will reach all the way-" the rope god spoke tensely.

"There is no way that will happen." A god whose body was glowing with a bright white light and had no particular shape spoke.

He was the leader of the gods, the Sun, possessed immense power and authority.

Most of the floors were his ideas and he had complete faith in it, there was no way a bunch of random humans could survive until the end.

"…" the other gods looked at him and then back at the screen.

Vritra's group cleared one level after another; all it needed was one attack.

Soon they had crossed the 170th floor, and the expressions of the gods even if they weren't visible turned strange.

All of the nine gods looked at Sun.

"They… will stop soon, a harder floor is arriving. Just wait till 200." Sun spoke confidently.

Vritra sighed and used another attack, but Yasmine tapped over his shoulder, saying: "Let me handle this hubby."

Then she released a powerful spiritual burst, killing all the creatures.

The mechanical chairs then moved to the next floor and so on.

Till the 200th floor they noticed no difficulty, all enemies died with literally one attack.

"Hah Now they are dead, none of them are going to survive this floor surely. This is one of my favourite floors!!" Sun suddenly exclaimed, startling the other gods.

They hadn't seen the Sun god so worked up.

…

Down in the tower, Vritra and the rest walked into the 200th floor, they were still cautious despite the easy challenges.

They had put away the chairs and were ready for any attack.

But as soon as the eleven set foot on the floor, their bodies buzzed and all of them were pulled into separate spaces.

Some in groups of two while some in three.

Vritra suddenly found himself and beside him was Diana, the beautiful goddess.

It was a land with sand all over the place, like some desert.

In another place was Fiona and Teresa, the two didn't have much amicable relation.

In fact Fiona still didn't like Teresa much, the two looked at one another and Fiona frowned.

In another place was Onest, Shitless and Asmodeus, the three men were standing close so they got together.

And lastly was Yasmine, Maeve, Vanessa and Yennefer.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...