Chapter 643 Yawn

Vritra woke up early in the morning, instead of feeling refreshed he felt more tired.

Rubbing his sore eyes, he looked at his wives sleeping peacefully beside him on the bed.

He decided not to disturb them, after untangling himself he got off.

After taking a bath he dressed up, and decided to go meet the general.

By now, all the women had woken up too.

"Let's eat breakfast once I am back." Vritra said, as he turned and left the tent.

"Pitiful one!" Shitless called, his appearance still hidden under the clothes.

"How long are we going to stay here? It's already been quite long." The monk said, though he liked the safe environment here but they had a mission to complete.

"Quite long? We just came here yesterday, what are you talking about?" Vritra asked, then turning to look at the tired Onest.

There were big dark circles under his eyes, he looked as if he had not slept for weeks.

"Hey what happened to you?" Vritra asked in surprise.

"I don't know, maybe I caught some illness or something, I feel tired." He said, yawning.

"Maybe Diana could help, let her take a look later on." Vritra said, his condition didn't seem serious though.

Shitless was about to speak, Vritra turned and started walking towards Peter's tent.

"Well, I will talk to you later on." He spoke.

Upon arriving outside the general's tent, he saw two soldiers guarding the entrance.

"Aren't you the guy from yesterday, do you have something to ask?" one of the soldiers asked.

"I want to ask the general about something, is he inside?" Vritra asked.

"Yes I am." The general stepped out of the tent right at that moment, smiling.

"Tell me what do you have to ask?" Peter said, he was already dressed in his uniform.

"Let's walk and talk." Vritra gestured.

"Very well." Peter nodded and then the two started to walk towards the entrance of the base camp.

"I plan to leave this place today." Vritra spoke seriously.

"Oh that's a pity, your presence here would have been a great help, but don't worry I won't stop you against your wishes." Peter said.

"Hmm. But there is a favour I need, do you have spare uniforms? I believe they could be helpful in survival outside." Vritra added.

Peter didn't ask any questions, he laughed and nodded:

 "That is fine, it's a small matter. Uniforms is one of the things we don't lack, you can take however many you want, we have various uniforms."

The general led Vritra towards another warehouse where a lot of uniforms for different posts were present, it wasn't just army uniforms, there were others like air force and such.

'Whoa!' Vritra's eyes shone, looking at these dresses he imagined his wives wearing them.

They would look even more sexy.

"Pick whichever you want, they are arranged by sizes." Peter said, giving instructions to the soldiers present there.

Vritra nodded and quickly took several uniforms, at least one for each of his wives.

In exchange, he decided to leave some food behind, it's not like he could finish that all even if he continued eating for years.

"I will be taking these." He said, carrying several bags.

"Alright, take them. Let one of the soldiers bring it to your tent, I have something to discuss with you." Peter spoke, rubbing his eyes, feeling a bit sleepy.

"I will meet you at the door, I still need to have breakfast with my family." Vritra said, before walking back.

After walking away he put the uniforms into his inventory, but then paused.

"Huh, why do I have so many uniforms…?" he had only taken seventeen or eighteen uniforms just now but there were a bit too many.

He yawned then shrugged his shoulders, walking back.

They ate breakfast together, while chatting about various things.

"Master, we are leaving today right?" Maeve asked, her eyes felt heavy, she wanted to sleep but couldn't.

"Yeah." Vritra nodded.

Soon after finishing the breakfast, he stayed around a bit longer before walking towards the entrance.

The general was present there, making some plan to go out in search of food.

"General, I am here, tell me what did you want to discuss?" Vritra called out.

"Ah Adam, please come here, you should listen to this." He gestured, there was a map spread over the table with various military people standing around it.

"We have observed intense movements from this area recently, many mutants have been arriving here. It seems a big wave of mutants will be attacking this base soon."

 Peter started to explain from the start.

"…" Vritra stayed silent, hearing the report.

"If my observation is correct, they will be at our door in 2 or maybe 3 hours. If we can clear this wave, we will be able to search the opposite building for food, that area hasn't been looted by the Wolves or Big Bang Colony yet." He continued.

"So Vritra, if it's not a problem-" Peter looked up and began to speak, only to be interrupted.

"Huh, w- what did you just call me?" Vritra frowned, his head spinning, intense pain making him feel dizzy and the feeling of foreboding intensifying.

"What's wrong, Adam? Do you feel sick? This apocalypse has messed with all our minds, I have some pills that can help."

Peter looked at him with concern.

Vritra yawned, then shaking his head he spoke: "It's nothing, I just feel tired… so what were you saying?"

"I was asking if you can stay here for a few more hours and help us clear this wave, if we fail then everyone here will die. I beg of you please help us, in return you can even take the food." The general said.

"But general that's-" one of the soldiers frowned and tried to interrupt.

"Shut up, his strength is superior to you all combined, we need his help." Peter said before turning to look at Vritra.

"I see, okay, I will help you." Vritra nodded, he planned to kill a lot of mutants anyway, so it didn't misalign with his goal.

"Thank you, if we can survive this, I will fulfil any of your wishes." Peter said before sharing his plans.

…

After two hours, Vritra, Shitless, Onest, Peter and many other soldiers all stood over the boundary wall.

'Just how powerful will the wave be to make them so nervous?' Vritra wondered.

With his skills, even if it was a big wave, he could handle it.

It wasn't long before the mutants began to attack them just as Peter had anticipated.

Most were weak zombies but there were also some powerful ones mixed in.

'This is perfect, I can earn a lot of sin points this time.'

Vritra thought, he created arrows of blood and started shooting them at the approaching horde.

Shitless and Onest held guns, shooting madly.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +49}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +51}

…

Messages started to pop before Vritra, motivating him to go all out.

He kept using the spiritual burst to make the heads of mutants explode or stun the stronger ones.

This wave was really quite big.

Many other soldiers were also using their skills, launching long distance attacks.

As the numbers increased and mutants started to attack the wall or even climb up.

Vritra jumped down, cutting them to pieces, while constantly using the blood manipulation and spiritual burst.

The soldiers were all shocked by his performance, he was like a killing machine left in the midst of hundreds of mutants.

No matter how many of the powerful mutants surrounded him, he slaughtered them all.

While Vritra just focused on earning sin points.

It wasn't long before the number of mutants decreased greatly, but the battle had lasted longer than they had expected.

Time flew so fast that by the time they were done cleaning up the lingering mutants, the sky was already darkening.

"Thank you very much for your help, if not for you, I don't know if we could have survived here."

The general thanked him. Even all the soldiers looked at him respectfully now.

They weren't sure about the trust Peter put in Vritra before but now they knew just how strong he is.

Vritra returned to the camp, where his wives had already prepared the dinner.

The group of ten ate together, as Vritra shared the news of his battle.

He had decided not to bring his wives during the battle for a few reasons.

"Hubby, now that this place is safe, I think we should leave as soon as possible." Yasmine said.

Vritra nodded: "I too feel there is something wrong about this place."

"Foxie, come with me later in the night, I would like to check this place out."

"Okay master." Maeve nodded, drinking the warm soup.

Then he added: "We will leave as early as tomorrow."

They chatted about various things and soon finished the dinner.

Once the surroundings were dark enough, Vritra and Maeve walked out of the tent, completely covered by the darkness.

They roamed around for a while and didn't see anything out of place.

"Master, I think this place is fine, when do you plan to continue moving?" she asked.

"We will stay here one more day, there are a few things I need to get from here." Vritra said.

"Hehe. What are you planning, master~" Maeve asked in a playful tone before pausing abruptly, a deep frown on her face.

"What's wrong?" Vritra turned to face her, looking at her with worry.

"I…" she appeared confused.

"It's nothing master, do you want to continue or should we return now?" Maeve asked as she shook her head, smiling sweetly.

"Yeah let's go home, I am feeling a bit tired." He muttered, yawning.

THUD THUD

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...