Chapter 737 The Traps

A powerful wave of attack raged towards the group of eleven, the surroundings blasting constantly.

What seemed to be a sphere consisting of countless colours moved towards them, making the very space buzz with destruction.

The bubbles and all sorts of barriers they had put up the moment they came in contact.

BOOM

BOOOOOOM

'Shit!' Vritra frowned, all of them came together using every bit of their energy to put up the strongest barriers.

BANG

Yet even they were getting destroyed, and the sphere was barely affected, it was too powerful.

'…' Vritra knew their strength wouldn't be enough to stop this attack, there was only one way left now.

Without even glancing at the points, he muttered: "Use all the points and buy the strongest barrier for us, right away."

He didn't look as a few messages flashed before him.

It had been a long time since he had used the sin points, after killing so many creatures, the points had already reached millions.

In the next moment, a bright white barrier appeared around them, finally giving them some time to breathe.

The colourful sphere collided with the barrier, making it shudder violently.

"Please work…" they all had the same feeling, if it didn't work then they would at the very least be heavily injured.

To reinforce the barrier, the group once again used their abilities.

WHIZZZZZZ

The battle between the two sides continued for a couple of minutes before finally cracks formed over the barrier but the sphere also started to reduce in size.

The group once again resumed walking forward as the pressure decreased.

It seemed the barrier was still weaker than that colourful sphere.

BOOOOM!!

Finally, the barrier gave out and exploded violently but it was enough time for the group to pass.

They all quickly jumped into the open door, barely escaping from the explosion.

The sphere collided with the ground and consumed everything around.

"Haa that was close, and now we are at the 300th floor, with such a level of danger this must be the final one." Diana muttered, taking deep breaths.

That sure was hectic.

"Let's rest a bit first, still be careful." Vritra said, his heart was thumping rapidly, the last level was too close of a call.

Just how dangerous would this level be then?

And now there weren't even any points left.

After a few minutes of rest, they finally decided to explore the floor.

The floor looked like a normal land, grass covered the ground and there was a sun in the sky.

Green trees surrounded the path and cold wind blew past them, none of them could sense any danger at all.

The gods watched this and sighed, this group had actually managed to climb so high.

Not even the ten players would be able to do so.

There wasn't anything the ten could do, even they have to follow the rules after all.

"It is fine, there is no way they can cross this level. This is something only players can go through." The Sun god spoke, he was very confident in himself.

"I sure do hope so." The biggest god shook his head.

…

After walking for a while, the eleven found themselves standing before a door.

And a language none of them recognized appeared before them.

"What is this now?" Vanessa asked, looking at the strange symbols floating in the air.

There was absolutely nothing around to make sense of.

"Dear, you know various languages, right? Can you understand this?" the goddess asked with hope in her eyes.

"Oh right, hubby you had that skill but will it still work?" Yasmine remembered, for a moment a smile appeared on her face.

But then they all looked unsure as none of the abilities from before worked now, and they had no other option.

"Yes, I indeed can understand this." Vritra nodded, that skill put a lot of knowledge in his mind.

Although the skill was not there anymore, all the knowledge was still present and with Vritra's memory he would have no problem.

"It says, push the door to move forward after burning the talisman." Vritra said, his gaze fixed at the paper talisman hanging on the door's handle.

"Ah there it is, so we just need to burn it to continue forward." Fiona said, happy and proud of her husband.

"Yeah, go ahead though this isn't the end of this floor." Vritra nodded, gesturing to Fiona.

Fiona pointed her finger at the talisman as it caught fire and turned to ashes instantly.

Then Vritra pushed it, opening the door.

This time they arrived in a winter land, the ground was completely covered by snow, as well as the surrounding mountains.

Stepping to the other side, the group again saw a message pop before them in the same language.

It was the language those players use on their planet and all of them know it.

So the scene where Vritra actually understood them shocked them, the Sun god felt his confidence falter a little.

This was one of the traps that would stop anyone who isn't a player but there was more, so he still waited.

"This says, climb to the top of the Tirosishima mountain within an hour to continue…" Vritra spoke as he gazed around, seeing so many mountains.

This mountain was something all players would recognize but not Vritra and his group.

Wait, there is one player among them.

"I know this!!" Asmodeus almost jumped in excitement, finally he could have some use.

He had been carried all the way here and having been saved by them, seeing that it was a mountain from his planet.

Asmodeus knew it was finally his chance to shine and be helpful.

"Good job, my slave." Shitless said proudly.

"This is a mountain from my planet, it is very famous since it is very tricky to climb but if you know the paths then it wouldn't be so hard." Asmodeus explained.

If someone new tries to climb it they would easily spend more than an hour just being stuck in the maze.

"Alright, lead us then." Vritra spoke, thankfully he had brought one of the players along.

He had anticipated something like this and knew there might come a time where they would need the help of a player.

And he also understood one thing, the gods were using these levels to stop anyone who isn't a player.

Normal humans even if they managed to climb all the way here wouldn't be able to find the right mountain in a short time.

And even if they luckily selected the right one, they would be stuck in the maze.

Vritra tried to fly or use his ability to shoot himself upwards and found that it was impossible.

So their only option right now was to walk.

"Yes sir, please follow me. I will bring you to the top in at most 40 minutes!" he said and began to walk forward on the snowy path.

The group followed Asmodeus, it was a bit tough to walk in the snow especially because of the high slope.

But they had gotten used to such conditions, and their strength wasn't locked like their ability to fly.

Passing through strange shortcuts in the maze, Asmodeus actually managed to bring them to the top in less than 40 minutes.

And at the top was another door, which was already open for them.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...