Chapter 30: Obedient

'D- Demon blood? You even drank demon blood?' Knowing that he could hear her thoughts, she asked in her mind.

"You can speak," Vritra said, then he added, "Yes, I did. Do you want to try it?"

While speaking, he pulled out a glass full of strange red liquid and brought it in front of Diana.

"No!!" The frozen goddess was terrified. Demon blood was like poison for humans, but for her it was much worse. Normally, even if she drank it, she could destroy it with holy energy, but now she couldn't even gather her holy energy.

'Let's see how much command I really have over her,' Vritra thought. Even though he could clearly feel the connection with her soul, it is never too bad to test it out in advance.

"Drink it."

After he ordered, despite her inner struggle, Diana took the cup and slowly brought it over to her lips. Her eyes were full of panic and disgust, but she had no control over anything.

GULP GULP

Then she drank the liquid without any resistance, a look of horror on her face. But then she nodded that it wasn't demon blood—in fact, it was wine.

Vritra took the glass and put it back in his inventory, feeling satisfied. Just for the purpose of training, he tried a few more commands.

"Sit."

Diana sat down.

"Stand."

She stood up.

"Sit."

She sat down again.

"Hand." Vritra said as he extended his right hand, and like an obedient puppy, Diana put her soft palm over his.

"Bark."

"Woof woof," she barked in a cute tone.

Diana was burning with shame and embarrassment. She was a Goddess; a figure above all mortals and someone who is respected and revered by all.

And now he was treating her like a puppy. Her face had turned red, but she didn't even dare to curse in her mind, fearing that he would hear and punish her.

She was already getting tamed.

"Good job. Now go and sit on the chair." Hearing his next order, she stood up and sat on the same chair where Vritra had sat before. It seemed their situation and position had been completely reversed.

"Are you alright?" Yasmine asked, feeling relieved. At the last moment, she had almost made her move but was stopped by him.

'Yes, I am feeling better than ever. We succeeded,' he replied.

"Yeah, we did." Yasmine also felt quite happy at conquering this milestone. Now several of their plans would become much easier.

"How about we make a small deal?" Vritra said as he sat on the table in front of her, a small smile on his charming face—which looked very detestable to the woman in front of him.

"What deal?" she asked, biting her lip and trying not to think about her earlier treatment.

"You willingly obey my commands, and I won't force you to do anything. You wouldn't want to be treated like that in front of others, right?" Vritra spoke.

Diana was deep in thought for a few seconds, and he didn't interrupt her. After a few seconds, she realized that this was the best choice she had right now. She didn't want to become his puppet, and more than that, she didn't want her reputation to shatter.

Then she spoke in a stern tone: "Okay. Just make sure you don't cross the line."

"Hah! How arrogant. Come here and massage my left arm; it feels a bit stiff." Vritra laughed, breaking apart the air of arrogance that was once again building around her.

This time it wasn't a command, so Diana stared at him with anger. But then she stood up and walked behind him. For a moment she wanted to chop his head off, but along with this thought, a searing pain burst into her entire body.

"If you even have a thought of harming me, whether directly or indirectly, you will feel this pain. Just a reminder." Vritra said as he relaxed on the table.

Gritting her teeth, Diana stood to his left and began to massage his arm with her thin fingers and soft palm, trying her best not to crush it.

"Anyway, I have a few important things to ask, and based on the answers I will decide whether you will live or die. Also, if you try to lie or hide anything, you will be punished." He spoke and glanced at her face. Her face was twisted with humiliation and fury.

"O- Okay."

Vritra went straight to the point.

"How many people were killed during that trip into the labyrinth?"

"Aside from you, six," Diana answered, and Vritra could feel that she was telling the truth.

"Were you behind it?" he asked. His expression had turned solemn now.

"No," the goddess denied immediately. She kept massaging his arm.

"Hmm. Then is the king involved in that? What do you know about it all? What is the reason behind killing them and taking their bodies?" he questioned.

"I don't know anything about it. I was informed by the commanders that seven of you had met an accident in the labyrinth." Diana answered without showing any reaction.

"You lied. Good job. Now, get ready for your punishment." Vritra said and pulled his left hand back, and she finally stopped massaging it.

Diana looked at him with arrogance, but she was a little afraid of Vritra—not only because he held complete control over her.

He stood up and gave an order.

"Lean over this table." After Vritra spoke, Diana's body moved on its own, and her body bent forward as she placed her palms over the table and stood in position.

Vritra moved behind the confused and fearful goddess as he gazed over her rear. Even though her clothes were rather loose, even they couldn't hide those curves of hers.

Her juicy ass was round and full, looking fleshy and plump.

Vritra raised his right hand and in the next moment...

SMACK!!

He brought it down and spanked her soft ass. At the brief moment of contact, he felt the soft flesh, and after the slap her hips jiggled and bounced.

"Ahhh~" A strange sound leaked out of Diana's mouth at the sudden slap. Her eyes widened in shock, and for a few seconds she couldn't believe that someone would dare to treat her in such a manner.

Then endless malice burst into her mind—shame, embarrassment, such humiliation—but she could only curse in her mind and do nothing. Her body was shivering.

How dare a mortal touch her pure and holy body!!

How dare he hit her—so hateful and detestable...

"Now answer my previous question. If you dare to lie again, the punishment will be double." Vritra said, smiling from ear to ear. He could still feel that soft sensation on his palm.

'New achievement unlocked, I guess—spanked the goddess.' He jeered in his mind.

"I- I..." Diana was at a loss for words. She didn't want to say it since this matter was just too dangerous, and she didn't want to get involved in it in any way.

But she was sure of one thing—Vritra was certainly enjoying himself. If he really wanted to know, he could just give an order, but he was playing this strange game with her.

____________

Thanks for reading...