Chapter 479: One Moment

Everyone stared at the gigantic demon in bewilderment, the emperor of the human race was gone just like that.

He didn’t even have the time to defend himself and the strongest attack was swatted away like a fly.

And with how Vritra kept growing, his strength increasing, it seemed he would destroy the entire planet.

Quite a lot of cities around them were already in shambles, thankfully the people had been moved away beforehand.

"W- What should we do now?" Pink shivered, being an agent from several groups, he was well aware of what was going on in the background.

He was the one who had helped Red with several tasks, and now he regretted doing any of it.

Initially Vritra was just a means for all of them to carry on with their plans, they were all sure he would be easily killed in this war and they could take advantage of the chaos.

But their plans were flawed from the very beginning.

"...We have to hold him back for now, for a power like this, someone else will have to deal with it." Oracle said, then gritted his teeth as he added:

"Everyone activate your domains."

At first they all were a bit hesitant but there was no other way to hold back that monstrosity, and Golden Moon itself gave permission.

The enormous fiend stomped on the ground, as Ghazi City and several others exploded violently, all buildings, everything crushed to pieces.

The giants and dragons made of dust spread destruction all over the continent, there had never been destruction of this level before.

Even people and beasts hundreds of thousands of miles away trembled, the presence of calamity making their senses scream in alarm.

At the same time, the emperors, the demons, Grieves, humans, all of them opened their domains, as suddenly the space around them got enveloped by domains of different shapes and sizes.

Vritra was inside dozens of domains, each one with different abilities.

"I will take the lead, you all attack him from behind." Sir Giant said, fully aware that only he could handle those attacks now.

His body had grown to full size, his fists turned red while his body remained grey as he stomped on the ground and charged towards Vritra.

BOOOOOOOOOM

His fist struck the side of the colossal demon’s abdomen, taking it a step back, and instantly everyone attacked using the full power of their domains.

Oracle’s strength increased even further, he moved at extreme speed trying to cut Vritra’s skin but he was stopped around a meter from his skin.

Even Atomic had been strengthened.

For Oracle, it seemed as if the entire world had slowed down, at this speed, no one here could match him, not even Vritra.

That, he was sure of it.

He decided to check for Vritra’s weakness.

’His eyes might be the only place.’ He thought before flying higher, passing in front of the terrifying entity’s face.

He looked into the two hollow eye sockets, a faint purple flame burning where its pupils should have been.

’Will he receive damage if I were to- Huh? He can still see me?’ Oracle felt a shiver, Vritra’s gaze moving directly onto him.

The giant demon, despite being suppressed by all domains, moved its arm at a speed matching Oracle’s.

"!!!" Suddenly Oracle found himself almost in Vritra’s grasp, his fingers curling around him.

"Damnit!! How is he still faster than me?" Oracle tried to move, the world around them frozen and only Oracle and Vritra’s arm were moving.

Though Null hadn’t been used, their speed had just reached that level.

He tried to escape in every direction, even launching his strongest attack but none of it could do anything, while Vritra’s speed kept increasing.

WHOOSH

He broke into two blinding lights, flying into different directions, hoping to get away from that thing.

The regret increasing with each passing moment.

The demonic figure although appearing mindless still easily saw through Oracle’s trick.

Ignoring both lights, he directly hit the space ahead, breaking the barrier formed around the frightened Oracle.

’Ughh’ Even before he was caught, his skin began to melt.

In the end, Oracle was forced into a corner, and in order to survive he had to do the extreme.

After all, he didn’t want to be another tragedy like Darius.

His body exploded all of a sudden, the explosion far stronger than Raelion’s as Vritra’s fingers got pushed back just a little.

Oracle’s soul escaped hurriedly, moving behind the group.

’Haa haa That... was terrifying cough’ Thankfully he managed with his soul unhurt, if he could survive then getting a body back wouldn’t be too hard.

The area around them finally reacted, they could barely see what had happened in that brief moment.

And already, Oracle, their commander, was defeated.

"D- Damnit, this is suicide, we might still be able to escape." One of the demon lords ended up leaking, almost crying.

He turned around and fled with all his might, deploying every sort of escaping treasure he could.

It seemed Vritra had ignored the escaping demon, making him cry out in joy as he continued to flee.

The demonic figure let out a roar so terrifying that the space around them trembled, then he struck down Sir Giant.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

Just as his fist landed on the grey giant, its body broke apart, limbs falling and a hole appeared in his chest before getting blown far away.

[Domain Activated.]

Then suddenly the world around them became a mess of different colours and everyone in Cloud City felt as if they had suddenly been devoid of any energy.

A circular strange domain covered the entire Cloud City, locking everyone inside, a domain made from several fields and so much terrifying energy.

For the first time, Vritra activated his domain.

The demon who had already arrived near the wall of the city saw the strange looking wall that had appeared.

But it was impossible for him to stop since he had used a treasure to increase his speed severalfold.

"W- What is this now? How can there be a domain like this?" Gritting his teeth, he decided to break through the wall.

Screaming wildly, he punched the wall.

But even before his body could get close to the domain wall, his body began to disintegrate. The skin was torn away first, rotting rapidly.

Then flesh, nerves, bones, organs, his body got destroyed within a matter of moments as the demon let out painful screams.

He at least tried to escape with his soul like Oracle did, but his soul was getting pulled by the strange wall.

"Uwaaaaaaaah What is this thing- S- Someone help meeeeee ughhhhh aaaaaaah" The screams made everyone in the distance shiver, but right then a shadow flashed behind the frightened soul.

It was Bob, without wasting a moment, the large soul wraith munched at his soul.

Normally, the soul of the demon lord could still have beaten Bob but with the suppression of the domain, he could do nothing.

Under all the terrifying gazes, Bob slowly devoured the demon lord’s soul, its strength rapidly increasing.

But none of them had time to worry about others, Vritra suddenly charged forward, messages constantly flashing before him.

More than half of the army had already been slaughtered by the dust demons.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...