Chapter 375: Surprise Surprise

Although Vritra’s body was nearly invincible currently, his mental defenses weren’t as strong. The moment his body was clouded by the fog, his mind became muddled.

Even Yasmine, with her limited strength, wasn’t able to react as fast. Even though wounded, Maeve was still a demon lord.

Getting close to Vritra, after a brief pause, she opened her mouth wide, displaying her vampire-like fangs, and then bit Vritra’s neck.

Maeve was shocked to find that her fangs failed to pierce his skin, but using some sort of ability, she drew a few drops of Vritra’s blood and gulped them down.

GULP

As Vritra’s mind became clear, he sensed the faint sensation of her bite on his neck. There was no pain, but it felt like something had touched a vein.

[Blood Life Pact has been established.]

A message flashed before his eyes, surprising Vritra, as he pulled back from Maeve.

Yasmine spoke before Vritra could ask: "This is a form of life pact in which if one party dies, then the other will die as well. It means if she dies, you will die as well."

’Uh...’ it all happened so fast that Vritra had no time to think. Then Yasmine added: "Well, to remove it, either your strength should be higher than hers, or only she can remove it."

’Didn’t I possess two lives? Maybe even if she dies, I will be able to survive?’ Vritra thought, his mind working at full speed.

He referred to the two hearts beating in his chest.

"That might work, but this is no time for experiments. Tsk, we have to first move to a safe location." Yasmine replied. All this conversation hadn’t even taken a moment.

As the group of men got closer, they saw Vritra and the weakened demon queen.

"Catch them both." The man in the lead, whose fangs were full of deadly poison, shouted.

Whether Vritra had any relation to the demons or not didn’t matter, they would rather kill a thousand innocents than let one demon escape.

"S- Save me..." Maeve muttered, looking at Vritra through her blurry vision, then her body went completely limp and she fell unconscious.

"Fuck!" Vritra felt so angry, he really wanted to just kick that demoness.

"Well, this might not be as bad. She is a demon lord and has countless tricks and a strong network.

So if she survives, we might as well be able to use her, remember Nihil-anima." Yasmine reminded, and finally Vritra relaxed a bit.

He floated forward and wrapped an arm around Maeve’s waist before pulling her into a princess-carry style, then he looked at the group of men.

Many of them were at the rank of generals, while a couple of them were even above it. Without revealing his demonic side, it wouldn’t be easy to kill them, so for now it was better not to fight.

"I am giving you all three moments worth of time, disappear from my sight or you will regret it for the rest of your one minute long life." Vritra said provocatively, standing confidently in front of the group with Maeve in his arms.

"How dare you?! With that meager strength, you dare to threaten us? Do you even know who we are?

The empress will be here soon; surrender while we are still giving you the chance." The man didn’t attack Vritra, as the group stopped a few meters from him.

The man in the green robe, his long nails dripping with poison, wondered what was giving Vritra so much confidence.

He looked around cautiously but there was no one around; maybe he was using some sort of formation or glyphs.

"One!" Vritra didn’t care about their words, as he began to count.

"..." the group became even more vigilant, activating their defensive skills and items, ready to defend against whatever Vritra planned to do.

"Two!" he said. For some reason, his three moments were exceptionally big.

Their foreheads creased and they took a step back, wondering why hasn’t the empress caught up yet.

All the men stared at Vritra, their bodies tensing up.

"Three!!" After saying the last count loudly, Vritra took a step forward, making the group tremble collectively.

But even after a few seconds no attack came. They looked at Vritra’s face in confusion, only to see a big smile spreading across his face, as he spoke:

"Surprise, surprise motherfuckers, fools to the very end!"

While speaking he spread his arms, as Maeve turned into smoke and disappeared, then he added: "How truly pitiful your parents are, they must be crying in a corner after giving birth—"

The green-robed man let out a furious roar as he charged forward and pierced his hand through Vritra’s chest, his body shivering in rage.

But a mocking smile remained on Vritra’s face as his figure slowly crumbled into dust.

"What just happened? Who was that?" he screamed.

"T- That was Rich, but the real Rich was in the palace, so it might be someone fake." Someone in the group answered.

Without anyone in the group noticing, Vritra had trapped them all inside the Dimensional Book and used Misty Essence mythic halo to completely fool them all.

...

Flying away at full speed, Vritra chuckled seeing their reactions.

He had left them trapped in a page and fled right after, and he had hidden his face the moment he sensed someone around.

"Well, that was easier than expected." He mumbled, then looking down at the unconscious demon queen in his arms he wondered where he could bring her.

The succubus princess certainly wouldn’t allow a demon lord in her city, so returning there wasn’t an option.

So he found a cave, took out a bed, put down Maeve on it and then covered the surroundings so that no one would be able to find them.

"That should be enough..." After doing all the necessary work, he looked at the demon queen, whose camouflage had already disappeared and her real appearance was visible now.

She possessed a warrior-like strong physique, with perfect curves and milky skin. Despite the slight muscles, her body looked quite soft and voluptuous.

Her thighs looked especially thick and her large pair of breasts made her look really seductive.

There was a fox-like tail on her back and two ears over her head. Despite her body being covered in blackish blood, she looked absolutely gorgeous.

Her pale skin had turned slightly bluish because of the poison.

"Haa, look at her innocent face, who would say this is a mindless demon." Vritra mumbled with a shake of his head. On the basis of appearance, she certainly wouldn’t be ranked below Yasmine or Yennefer.

Since demons aren’t counted in the beauty list, that’s why she wasn’t mentioned.

"Now, let’s start." Vritra rubbed his palms together as he walked closer to the unconscious Maeve.

He sat beside her and then placed his palm over her chest, touching her blood-soaked clothes.

"Kyaa Hubby, I didn’t know you were this naughty. Don’t worry, I am not looking, so you can start hehe." As usual, Yasmine said in a teasing tone.

"Wifey, don’t you worry, I am keeping perfect count of the spanks you will be getting soon." Vritra said, trying to focus at the boob at hand—cough, task at hand.

"Umu, how am I going to command the dragons and support you if I wouldn’t even be able to sit on the throne?" She added.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...