Chapter 758 Big Babies

Shitless's strength was still at the 3rd level of Demigod, he also got compensated for the earlier level since he wasn't a Demi God earlier unlike the others.

Come to think of it, even Onest was not a Demi God yet.

Strangely, Shitless also finished around the same time as them, which was quite odd.

Was this guy a genius in disguise or something, who always acts useless and is secretly all-powerful?

Is he the Divine? Vritra wondered, but he didn't think too hard since Divine might tell him about it very soon anyway.

Although he didn't want to believe it, there was a high chance he just might be.

Then, will Vritra need to beat up Shitless for all the promised beatings to Divine?

Poor guy, he will be getting so many beatings, maybe having a strong body will help him survive it.

Shitless suddenly felt a shiver, sensing a chilling gaze as he looked around but there was no one nearby.

Did he just hallucinate? Whatever, now that his strength had increased, Shitless could finally be what he had always wanted to be.

The most evil monk, the one who is famous far and wide and children would be afraid of, his stories would ring in all the houses and kids would go to sleep after hearing his name alone.

He laughed strangely to himself.

Shaking his head, Vritra got up and looked at his wives and questioned:

"You all are alright, right?"

"Yes, it's like I am brimming with power, the jump in strength is too dramatic." Diana spoke, rising two whole levels was bigger than she expected.

"Should we try fighting?" Fiona wondered, she wanted to test out her strength and abilities right away.

"Not now, and we can't fight here or it will cause too much destruction." Yennefer said, rising to her feet calmly.

"You all can take some time to rest for now, we have been through a lot, it wouldn't be good for our minds or bodies." Vritra spoke, looking at everyone carefully.

"I wonder if the mugger has returned." Shitless mumbled, getting up he touched his head and found it very smooth again.

After getting up, the nine of them walked outside and found that it was around noon, the sun was high above their heads brightly.

The environment in the Yate Realm was as peaceful as ever, Vritra wondered if the Divine Kage group had made some move already.

He walked towards Gunter's office, but got greeted by an overly enthusiastic guard.

"H- Hello sir, it is a pleasure meeting you. I have been a guard here for five years and never thought one day I would meet you." He muttered nervously.

"…Yea." Vritra just glanced at him and continued walking.

"S- Sir, uh young lord, Lord Gunter had gone outside because of some matters and he left a message for you." The guard said quickly.

He was in his middle age and at the General rank, his strength wasn't bad, but it seemed his right hand was injured badly.

"What is it?" Vritra finally turned and looked at him.

"He asked you to go and meet him at the Hive Mountain." The guard replied in the same enthusiastic tone.

"Why? What is that place?" Vritra looked quizzically and doubtfully at the guard, was he lying to him?

He checked the system message but there was no message announcing that he was lied to.

Gunter didn't even know when Vritra was going to come out, so would he be waiting there all the time like a fool?

"It is a place right outside this continent, in the east, from the main gates, if you keep going forward, you will see the biggest mountain range. That is the Hive Mountains." The guard explained carefully.

Then he added with a shrug: "As for why he wanted you to go there, I am not sure myself."

Vritra just nodded, he wasn't in a hurry to go, he also first needed to meet with Onest.

If he was done with his love play, he could start absorbing the orbs too.

"Do you know where Onest is?" Vritra asked, while letting his senses spread in all directions around the palace.

He wasn't in the palace and a faint presence seemed to be around a house in the distance.

"Yes sir! He lives in house number 101 there, you can find it easily or if you want I can show it to you myself." The guard spoke hurriedly.

"There is no need, I can go there myself." Vritra turned and started walking towards the house with all the others.

His wives and Shitless followed, they were also curious about Onest's new love life, and wondered if he had progressed any further with his woman.

The illusory image that Vritra had shown before was actually pretty, and from her clothes she seemed to be from a good house.

At least Onest hadn't fallen for the wrong woman... or so they thought at first.

Just as the group of nine got closer to the said house, they heard loud sounds from inside.

"Daddy, buy me this glyph, I need it urgently."

"Dada, please buy me that outfit, I want to show off to my friends, don't you also want your son to be proud?"

"Dad, can you be quiet? Just hand me some money, I need to go out and drink with a few women, I might bring them home later so don't disturb us."

"Fadah, gib me maney aye I need it to get a present for ya!"

Hearing the four loud voices from inside, Vritra looked around and wondered if they had come to the wrong place somehow.

But he could clearly sense Onest's presence from this house, why would he be here?

KNOCK KNOCK

After some hesitation, Vritra knocked on the door and stepped back, waiting quietly.

There was yet another fight inside, maybe a quarrel over who would go to open the door first.

After a minute, finally the door opened and a guy in his early twenties appeared there.

"What ya want? I don't have-" this was the fourth voice, he spoke arrogantly and in a vulgar way but paused upon seeing the seven beautiful women.

His eyes widened, woah such women can exist? And why were they all together in front of his house?

"COUGH Ladiez, I am the man of this house and I am pretty rich, you would be shocked to knaw ma fadah." He spoke, trying to speak like a normal human being.

"Sigh. Can you call Onest out?" Vritra interrupted, taking a step forward to block his view completely.

"Who are ya? Donchu dare picka fight with me, leave before I snap!" he spoke in a rather strange manner.

It was like those thugs, even among the thugs, the lowest of the lowest would speak like that.

Vritra frowned, holding back from slapping this young guy but it seemed this guy wanted to get beat up too badly.

"So ladiez, any of ya want to be-"

SLAP

Vritra gave a light slap, but even a light slap was powerful enough to make the head of this guy hit the doorframe and bounce back loudly.

He was seeing stars, as blood trickled down slowly.

"Aghhhhhhh b- blood, I am going to kill ya, you basta how dare ya!!" he screamed, pouncing at Vritra wildly.

SLAP

This slap made him roll dramatically in the air a few times and then get tossed back into the house again.

"Brother! What is wrong? Who did this?" suddenly the three other brothers of this guy came to rescue him.

All three of them looked nearly the same, in fact all four of them, as if they were quadruplets.

"Did you hurt my brother?!" another guy asked, glaring at Vritra before running towards him in rage.

BANG

This time Shitless was the one to kick the guy in the chest, how can he just let Vritra have all the fun here.

But in his excitement he kicked a bit too hard, breaking several of his ribs and making him smash hard against the wall behind him.

"Ahhhhhh M- Murder, my brother was murdered by this Baldy uwaaaaah Mommyyyyy Daddddyyyyyyy, uwaaaaahh" the remaining two began to scream and cry loudly.

The one slapped by Vritra looked back in terror, shaking as he too began to call for his father, no his fadah.

Vritra rolled his eyes, these guys sure seemed confident of their father, as if he would come and solve everything for them.

"What the fuck happened now?" from inside a raging man with bloodshot eyes and dark circles under his eyes walked out angrily.

He looked tired and pitiful beyond words.

It was none other than Onest, the proud thief and their friend.

Vritra blinked his eyes in confusion, he looked at the four crying grown men and then at Onest.

Before he could ask anything, the same mature woman they had seen eating with Onest appeared from inside.

She looked in shock at her injured children then angrily at the Baldy she had seen kicking her son.

She thought it was Shitless who had hurt both her children.

"Honey! What are you doing just standing there, someone hurt our children, you need to beat the shit out of them!!" the woman urged Onest angrily.

This statement surprised the nine, as they looked at the woman then at Onest, then at the children and finally back at Onest again.

Our children?

What had happened in just two weeks, that Onest got such grown ass children.

The said children looked quite similar to his own age too.

"Pfftttt-" Shitless almost burst out laughing seeing the dead look on Onest's face but covered his mouth in time.

But his shoulders were still shaking badly, Vritra also couldn't help but laugh.

This guy got such big babies? He was definitely scammed.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios