Chapter 132: Silencing him [R-18]

Fiona was lying on the bed with her lower body naked; she had her eyes closed and was moaning in pleasure, having the time of her life. Her hands were tightly pushing Vritra’s head towards her as he sucked her pussy and drank her love juices.

"Fiona, can we talk?" Max called out again in a slightly louder tone.

After hearing his voice, Fiona’s face turned pale as a feeling of guilt and shame returned... much harder than before. She felt quite ashamed and guilty as she thought about how she had betrayed Max.

She didn’t want to reply and wanted to make him think that she was asleep, or not in the room or just anything, as she didn’t want to lie to him.

Seeing her reaction, a smirk appeared on Vritra’s face. He separated his lips from her pussy for a moment and looked directly into her eyes as he said:

"You reply to him, or I will do it."

Fiona gulped her saliva. Seeing the evil smile on his face, she steeled her heart and, with a firm yet slightly shaky voice, she replied.

"Max, c- can we talk tomorrow- ahhhh~" Just as she was replying to him, Vritra pushed his tongue into her vagina and pinched her nipple from over the clothes, as she let out a scream of pleasure.

"What happened? Are you okay?" Max’s worried voice came from outside as he tried to open the door but failed as it was locked and he didn’t want to barge in by breaking the door.

Fiona caught her breath and made a pleading expression to Vritra asking him to at least wait until he was gone, as she replied to Max:

"I... I’m fine. I was just haa startled by something," she replied, taking in a deep breath. Then she pressed her palms tightly against her mouth, as muffled moans rang in the room.

Max stood silently outside the room for a few seconds, waiting for her next words but she didn’t continue. He wondered if she was mad at him or something.

But inside, as Vritra’s tongue reached into the deepest parts of her pussy, Fiona was brought so close to her first orgasm. She arched forward and hugged his head, feeling his tongue moving and twisting in different motions in her vagina, constantly rubbing and poking her wet pussy walls.

’I- It’s coming...’ finally, she had reached her limits. Fiona wanted to warn Vritra about it but if she moved her hand away now then she would end up releasing a loud moan, and Vritra was holding onto her thighs with such a tight grip.

Vritra didn’t stop the movements of his tongue, instead increased the speed and force of his tongue, licking the walls of her pussy, as her folds squeezed the foreign member and were constantly trying to suck his tongue in while clinging to it tightly.

After a few moments, Fiona finally couldn’t hold it in and climaxed, as waves of her warm love juices flooded right into his mouth. Fiona’s eyes rolled back and her tongue came out of her mouth at the overwhelming pleasure.

GULP GULP GULP

She heard Vritra drinking all her juices making the situation much more lewd, making the pleasure reach new heights; plus Max’s presence, it was all too erotic.

After a few seconds, she looked down at her mess and couldn’t believe she had released so much of that clear water.

’Did all that come out of me? A- And he drank all of it... is that really alright? Did he like it?’ she thought as almost all of it was swallowed by Vritra, her face was beet red and her mind a mess.

Vritra sat back, wet in her love juices as he licked his lips and wiped his face. He looked at the gorgeous girl lying in front of him, with a smile.

Her boobs were moving up and down along with every breath of hers. Her pussy was a wet mess but still looked so sultry, beautiful, and tasty.

"Fiona, are you mad at me for not listening to you? I know it was my mistake, t- that Vritra is too sinister he had planned all of this. I really want to, I need to talk to you right now, can you come out for a minute?" Max said, desperation evident in his tone.

"My little Fiona, should I call out to him? I wonder what his reaction will be." A mischievous smile appeared on his face, as he lay next to her and looked at the ceiling.

While Fiona’s face turned pale at the thought of getting caught, she hurriedly spoke:

"N- No, please, anything haa haa but that. D- Didn’t I follow the haa rules of the games? H- He will misunderstand haa haa that I had b- betrayed him," she said with a pleading look, gesturing for him not to speak.

Vritra’s smile widened even further after seeing her reaction and he decided to enjoy it a bit more.

"Well, if you don’t want me to speak, then make me silent however you can; otherwise, I’m gonna call his name," he said as he pretended to shout dramatically.

Fiona’s head was in turmoil; she didn’t want Max to know what she had just done behind his back, what would be left of their relationship then? Coming to a decision, she sat up and looked at Vritra.

First, she covered his mouth with her hands, but he easily pulled both her hands away from his mouth. As he opened his mouth again to shout—

Then under Vritra’s surprised look, she hurriedly climbed on top of him. Because of the urgency of the matter she even forgot that her lower body was completely naked while Vritra was still entirely naked.

Her butt landed over his hard cock, sending a shiver through her body. But for now, Fiona did her best to ignore the burning hot sensation against her ass cheeks.

"Hey- mmmm"

And before Vritra could speak, she brought her face close to him and sealed his lips with her sweet red lips. The two of them had already kissed once before so Fiona made this decision.

What does it make a difference between one or two if this could help keep Vritra quiet? Of course, this kiss definitely wasn’t because of her excitement and thirst.

"Fiona, are you there? Please, I just need a moment, can’t you even give me that?" Max said, his voice growing disappointed and sad.

Vritra still tried to speak something but failed as he felt her tongue coming into his mouth with a surging force. Fiona was feeling quite horny now, plus the hard thing pressed against her ass only made the situation worse.

Feeling Fiona’s soft and wet tongue moving into his mouth, Vritra closed his eyes and allowed himself to drown in the moment. He started the battle of dominance with her tongue, with their mouth as the battleground.

"F- Fiona, I- I wanted to say that I love—" Max decided to confess right there and then but Fiona interrupted him.

"Mmm~ Max, I said I can’t haa haa talk to you now, hmm can’t you understand that? Leave now..." Fiona said as she separated her mouth from Vritra’s for a moment before trying to keep him quiet once again.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...