Chapter 263: Tv and Chill

"Mmm..." Fiona nodded softly. Glancing to the side, she saw the big smile on Diana’s face, and for some reason didn’t like it. The feeling of jealousy just won’t go away.

But just then, Fiona felt a pleasurable current course through her body as Vritra pressed his lips against her. After he sensed her thoughts, he didn’t want her to feel insecure about this.

"Come with me, I will feed you myself." After a soft kiss, he smiled and gently took Fiona into his arms. Vritra wasn’t too experienced in romantic relations, but he knew that she needed more attention now. He glanced back and nodded at Vanessa.

The succubus smiled as she blinked her eyes in understanding. She was the least worried in that aspect — after all, their bond was just unbreakable, even before coming to this world.

"..." Diana watched as Vritra flew towards the castle. A big smile was plastered all over her face that just won’t go away. She was having the time of her life.

"So how did your adventure outside go?" Vanessa looked at the goddess with a knowing smile and asked, pulling her along towards the castle.

"Uhm..." Diana felt shy all of a sudden, but after some hesitation she began to explain everything to her sensei. She had just achieved one of her life’s greatest feats, after all.

...

Vritra sat in his room with Fiona sitting on his lap facing to his right. On her lap was the tray of food from which Vritra was feeding her, giving kisses as she giggled and shifted over him.

"So, my Fiona, look at this." Vritra said and pointed a finger towards the wall in front of them. She looked up and was shocked to see a big TV on the wall. It was even working and displaying a channel where songs had started to play.

"H- How did you do that?" Fiona asked. Vritra passed her the remote and the redhead curiously pressed all the buttons and was shocked to see it work just like it would back on Earth.

There were even so many channels. It was just too magical.

"Haha, I can do that with the help of this..." Vritra raised his right hand while his left was wrapped around her waist. Then a green 2D-looking flame made of powder or tiny particles appeared over his palm. It looked quite beautiful.

"Whoa, what is this, darling?" Fiona asked, stars appearing in her eyes.

"This is Misty Essence Mythic Halo. It can create super realistic illusions." Vritra said, but then Fiona was even more amazed. Since the whole TV and the channels were made of his imagination, it was so real she couldn’t find a single flaw.

"Oh, you already have such good control over it. As expected of my husband." Yasmine spoke.

’Right, I am still waiting for the promised surprise, don’t forget about that.’ Vritra reminded her. He was really looking forward to it.

"Yes, I remember it. Don’t worry, I will give you the surprise very soon." She said in a mysterious tone. Vritra felt a bit frustrated, but all he could do was wait.

"So this is the thing you obtained in the inheritance? This is so cool!! Can you show that famous web series on the TV?

The one about drugs — I was watching it before being pulled into this world." Fiona asked excitedly. She wanted to hug him so badly but couldn’t because of the tray of food on her lap.

"Ah, that. Yes, I have seen it so I can make it appear. What season were you at?" Vritra said. His memory has always been great, but after the rise in Intelligence points, it had grown exponentially.

"I was at the second episode of season four. A cousin of mine told me that Gus was going to die in that season, and I was really mad at him for giving this spoiler." Fiona said, puffing her cheeks like a hamster.

"Okay, let’s start from there then." Vritra smiled as the screen of the TV suddenly changed, and then the second episode started playing.

Fiona clapped her hands in pure joy as she gave a kiss on Vritra’s cheek and started watching the web series with delight.

"Wow!! Even the quality is so good, thank you so much darling." She said in delight.

’Sigh, looks like her emotions had stabilized now. Well, I understand. It isn’t an easy decision for her.’ Vritra thought. He continued to feed her, and Fiona ate while her eyes remained pasted to the TV.

Diana and Vanessa soon entered the room and were shocked when they heard the sound of the TV and then saw it hanging on the wall. Though the goddess soon understood and relaxed, she was surprised at Vritra’s capability.

With her Halo, she was still just trying to create shapes in the air, while Vritra was controlling the Mythic Halo with such ease.

"Woah, honey, where did you find that?" Vanessa said. She quickly sat beside Vritra and started watching the episode with interest.

"Ah, you are watching this. I liked this series quite a lot, but because of work I could barely get any time, so I was still at the third season." Vanessa spoke.

"Then let’s watch this together!!" Fiona was even happier — after all, watching her favourite thing with someone was just the best while sitting on her man’s lap. The situation couldn’t get any better.

"Darling, can you please..." Fiona looked at Vritra with a cute expression, blinking her eyes rapidly.

"Haha, sure, it’s no problem." Vritra chuckled, and once again the screen of the TV changed — and this time, it was the first episode of season one.

Even the quality was so good. Diana sat beside them and asked in confusion: "I know this thing is present back on your Earth and is called television, but what is it that you are watching?"

"Do you want to watch it together with us?" Fiona’s eyes were shining brightly at finding another comrade. She already seemed to have forgotten about her jealousy.

"...Yeah!!" Diana smiled and nodded enthusiastically. Then the three women all glanced at Vritra, and he nodded, as the screen changed again and started with episode 1 of season 1.

Vritra wondered if he got himself into additional trouble by showing this to the three ladies. They seemed as if they might really get addicted to watching TV in this world.

Vritra fed the entire food to Fiona. She ate more than usual without even noticing it while watching the series.

The three women were completely focused on watching it — one episode ended and then another started, and there were still no signs of stopping.

After the second episode ended, the TV flickered and disappeared. The six eyes were instantly focused on him, complaints filling their gazes as they asked without actually speaking.

"Haa, I am feeling exhausted after using so much mental energy. It is hard to constantly keep using the Mythic Halo." Vritra said, though he could go on forever without actually feeling exhausted.

"Oh sorry, we forgot that this isn’t an actual TV but your creation. Rest well and thank you for letting us experience such a wonderful thing." Vanessa said.

Watching TV was fun, but to her it was more important that Vritra is comfortable. The other two nodded, they didn’t want Vritra to feel even the slightest pain just because of their entertainment.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...