Chapter 492: A Good Man

"My good nephew, are you alright? You should be resting on your bed, you aren’t fit to be going around yet or to be ruling the family."

The middle-aged man was wearing rather fancy clothes. His face resembled the triplet Vritra saw briefly a while ago, so it must be Art’s uncle.

"And you are?" Vritra paused and looked back at him. It seemed he would have to first deal with some internal problems.

"Call me uncle Sid. I heard you lost your memories, now go back to your room and rest." Sid said, pushing his hair back.

Vritra ignored the man, turning to the guard he questioned: "Where is Gunter?"

"He is-" the guard began to answer but was interrupted.

A big smirk appeared over Sid’s face. He was trying to show his dominance and he just got the perfect reason.

"How dare you call your father, the monarch, by his name!! It seems you have lost your manners while living outside, let me teach you some manners."

Sid raised his hand, his face full of wildness.

"..." Vritra watched the man moving extremely slowly. He was just at the general rank, that too was spoon-fed to him.

His first instinct was to just make the man explode, but he still needed to find Yennefer, so he held back and went easy on him.

CRACK CRACK CRACK

Vritra remained still as exactly three crackling sounds rang out.

Vritra could now control dust to the atomic level. With just a glance he controlled the countless atoms, as Sid’s arm broke from his wrist, elbow and shoulder, twisting in a strange angle.

Even though he needed to stay here and act like a part of this family, he wasn’t going to act submissive or weak.

That was just beneath him. If such a cowardly man, just because someone a bit strong was backing him, could act so arrogant...

Then why would Vritra, being the strongest here, need to hold back?

He just hated others acting superior to him.

"H- Huh? Uwaaaaaaaahhh my aaaarrmmmmm!!!" Sid instantly fell to his knees, screaming and wailing. When had he ever felt so much pain?

His broken arm was hanging freely, bone piercing out of the skin as soon his fancy clothes became blood soaked.

After crying for a minute, with his face wet with tears and snot, he pointed at Vritra and shouted:

"Y- You, it was you right?! Guard ughhhh what are you doing j- just waiting there? Cough ahhhh my armmm Arrest him now!!"

"Oh uh..." the guards looked back and forth between the two. There was no way they could arrest young master Art, son of the monarch.

Seeing their hesitation, Sid became even more agitated.

"You can leave, I will come find you in a minute." Vritra said, gesturing them to leave. Finally, the guards heaved a sigh of relief, turned around and left in a hurry.

"Stop!! You b- bastard ahhhh at least help me to drink some p- potions." Sid screamed, but the guards ignored him and left.

"How dare ughh you hurt m- me, you useless brat!! You aren’t even a p- part of ughhh of this family, you are going to regre-"

Sid was shocked that the person he thought would be powerless and useless, was so strong.

Initially he believed Art would have to completely depend on Gunter, that’s why he came to put some pressure.

"Sigh You are a good man, but need to be modified a little." Vritra took a step forward, then used his hypnosis skill and charm field.

"W- What are you-" Sid was scared out of his wits but then his body froze and his eyes became dazed.

"Shhh You are now changing..."

...

Just after a few seconds, Sid blinked his eyes as he finally came to his senses. There was no one around.

He was still kneeling on the ground while clutching his broken arm.

"..." After a moment of confusion, he hurriedly took a few potions, gulping them down.

Only then did the pain disappear.

Finally he left.

"Where is Gunter?" Vritra asked again as he approached the nervous guards.

"U- Uhm he has gone out to meet his friend, and h- he should be back soon." The guard answered.

"Alright." It seemed he would have to wait a little. After getting back to his room, Vritra called out:

"Knight, Hell."

"Yes master." The two wraiths rose before him, each of them alone capable of wiping out the entire Yate family in less than a minute.

"Go and make sure my family isn’t having any problem, but don’t let them notice your presence yet."

The two bowed before disappearing. Vritra just stared into the empty space for a few moments.

Now even without using the Null or his field, he felt a sense of space and time.

He wasn’t yet sure of the extent of his current strength but felt destroying the Yate realm wouldn’t take a moment.

But he wouldn’t be satisfied with just that. His level had returned to 1 and there was no way killing the weaker creatures here would make it budge.

’I guess I will have to steal Jack’s fate first and get into that game to be able to get stronger.’ He thought.

Taking out a bracelet from his storage, Vritra stared at it with longing.

This was given to him by Yennefer. Putting it back over his wrist, he could feel her presence although very faintly.

She was still alive, present somewhere, but finding her might not be easy.

But finally, Vritra would be able to get Yasmine’s body. Now none of the dragons would be a match for him.

After some time, Gunter finally returned to his realm. The reason for his meeting was directly related to Art’s return.

If things went right, then they would have a chance to return to their past glory.

But first, Art needed to wake up for that.

"Sigh I hope it really is Art and he could wake up as soon as possible." Muttering to himself, Gunter put aside his gloves and sat back on his chair.

KNOCK KNOCK

Suddenly there were urgent knocks on his door and without waiting for a response, the same commander burst into the room.

"Sir Sir Sir! Haa H- He..."

"Slow down, why do you look so panicked?" Gunter calmly gestured him to sit down on a chair.

"Y- Young master haa haa he woke up finally!" The commander finally said.

"He is awake!" Gunter stood up suddenly, tossing his chair and table over.

"Let’s go meet him." Gunter said, but without waiting he rushed out of the room.

"Sigh Ask some servant to clean this up." The commander said to a guard before running out.

...

Within moments, Gunter arrived outside the door. He was about to burst inside but paused.

A strange feeling of doubt filled his heart. What if he entered and an unknown person was sitting inside? What if he couldn’t recognise him?

But after taking a deep breath, he opened the door and stepped inside.

"Wait outside for me." He said before closing the door behind him.

"..." Gunter finally saw the boy seated on the bed. He just looked unreal.

’Was my son that good looking?’ the doubt in his heart increased.

"Take a seat." Vritra gestured, his tone emotionless.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...