Chapter 337: The Empress’s last regrets

KNOCK KNOCK

Yennifer’s ears perked when she heard the knock at the door.

Before she knew it, her body moved as she hastily made her way to the door.

But just as she was about to open the door, the empress paused and kept her hand on the doorknob.

She had already locked all the doors and windows and then covered them with layers of clothes, but she knew it had already gotten quite late and outside was extremely dangerous right now.

"Who is it?"

She asked, her heart pounding, wishing for it really to be Vritra.

"It is me, Yennifer, hurry up, open the door. There is an abomination close by, I am Vritra!!" came the answer from outside.

The empress frowned. Even though the voice was similar to Vritra’s, she had a feeling that something was off.

So instead of opening the door, she asked further:

"But my husband is inside with me, who the hell are you? I am Yenni, you got the wrong person."

She spoke and waited for the response, while taking out the page that Vritra had given her.

Though she didn’t know if it was just a symbol of protection or could actually do something, in the past few days, her trust in him had increased immensely.

"..." There was a momentary silence before the voice from the other side burst out, "Agghhh, Y-Yennifer, help me... cough... p-please open the door... ughhh... I am r-right here..."

BANG BANG

Yennifer was completely certain by now that this was definitely not Vritra.

She moved away from the door, glancing around, looking for any way to escape if those people or things tried to break in.

"Where are you, Vritra, please be safe..." she muttered, moving close to the back door; they usually kept it locked.

For a minute there was no sound from the other side, but all of a sudden a big stone struck the window, breaking it to pieces.

They had also installed wooden boards just in case, right behind the windows, but even that was destroyed within moments.

KRRIIIEEEE

The sound of an abomination could instantly be heard.

Just as the window broke, Yennifer saw the face of a man smiling in her direction, wearing the red robe of the Bone Blood Cult.

He didn’t linger around after breaking the window; within seconds, he disappeared into the darkness.

The empress’s heart was beating wildly. She had faced countless life and death situations before, but she had never found herself this powerless in a battle.

’Where can I go even after escaping from the house? There are several of those creatures roaming around the town at night. What should I do now?’ she thought long and hard but couldn’t find any way to save her life.

But in her heart, there was a feeling that if she could just hold on long enough then Vritra would definitely come to save her.

Gripping the knob of the door, she unlocked it but kept the door closed and stared into the darkness out of the broken window.

Finally, a terrifying looking creature appeared in front of her. Remembering the previous time, she didn’t dare look straight at it.

GIRRRIIIRRRII

The abomination let out strange noises as it slowly moved into the house through the window, twisting its body.

Yennifer waited for the right moment as she felt the terrifying aura of the creature.

She had never sensed such a feeling from anything before; she wondered what exactly this thing was.

THUD THUD

The abomination’s body towered over Yennifer, strange pus dropping from its body and the twisted sound of its teeth snapping ringing, as the creature walked close to her.

Yennifer glanced forward faintly and was shocked to see that right outside the window of her house, there were at least six or seven more abominations.

Without a thought, she tore the paper and threw it at them, before turning around and making her escape through the back door.

ROOAAAARRRRRRR

The people in their houses shivered upon hearing the noises of several RipMaws.

It was obvious that more people were going to die now, but they could do nothing but cower in their houses.

Just as Yennifer ran out of the house, several of the creatures pounced at her, but right at that moment the dimensional page exploded and created a strange force, locking them all there for a short time.

Huff Huff

The empress didn’t wait to see the effect as she ran with all her might. There was no way anyone was going to open their doors for her at this time.

She started rushing towards the town hall. Sometimes Chopper would spend the night there, so he was her only hope.

The creatures broke out of the shackles as they all let out a frightening wave of roars.

Within moments, the entire house was broken to pieces as the terrifying monsters chased after Yennifer.

Even though she was powerless, with just her experience, Yennifer could barely dodge them. Her body was still quite agile.

Jumping high, she barely dodged getting stabbed by one of the abominations as they quickly caught up to her.

Only now did she understand how bad the situation was; there were more than thirty or even fifty abominations focused just on her.

Now she wasn’t sure if even Vritra would be able to help her, and she was still not sure if he was alive or not.

BANG

GRRRRRRRRRR

They launched attack upon attack, and by the time Yennifer had arrived close to the town hall, all the abominations had surrounded her from all sides.

"Ughhh," despite her best efforts, she received a few deep wounds on her body, as blood started rushing out and poison entered her body.

"C- CHOPPER! Haa, ARE YOU THERE?! OPEN THE DOOR!!" she shouted. If the door didn’t open, then her death was imminent.

BOOOOOOM

Another creature landed right beside Yennifer after a big leap, creating a big crater.

The town hall wasn’t affected by it, but Yennifer’s fragile body was thrown back.

She coughed blood and could feel that a few of her ribs might be broken upon the strong impact against the town hall.

Gathering her strength, she raised her body and sat with her back against the wall, finally looking directly at the disgusting creatures.

’Haa, they certainly look very ugly, no wonder he reacted like that.’ Yennifer thought, wondering if the poison would kill her faster or these countless creatures, who were ready to tear her body to pieces.

A sudden sadness filled her heart; sad that she wasn’t able to fulfill one of the greatest missions of her life and that she wouldn’t be able to see him one last time before her death.

Who would have thought the great empress would die in a place like this and because of the Bone Blood Cult no less? All of a sudden, strength and all her struggle seemed so meaningless.

Vritra’s face appeared in her mind. She wished he was still alive, or how tragic would it be for both of them to die together, yet so far away from each other.

HRRRRRAAARRR

Yennifer watched as dozens of deadly attacks were launched at her. She closed her eyes as countless thoughts passed through her mind.

BOOOOM!!

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...