Chapter 744 Back to the Zoratian Planet

Vritra flew out of the house, Yasmine, Teresa and Yennefer followed him out.

Shitless and Onest had gone out to meet Bullo.

Just then Vritra noticed all the lord rank guards that were spread around the house and then his gaze focused on a few special figures.

There were the soul wraiths, Knight, Hellmancer, Bob, Bobby, Psyche and the Chimera.

"Knight, you have grown stronger."

He spoke, after absorbing Drino's dead body, Knight's strength had risen to level 3 of Demi-god.

The Knight had a long sword on his back and a deadly presence that made the surroundings shudder, the space around him was full of darkness.

Even Vritra was yet to receive the rewards from the game so he was not yet at level 3.

Knight bowed before him along with all the other soul wraiths, he really was back, this was such a wonderful feeling.

"Good job, you have all done well." Vritra said, in his absence they were the ones to protect and watch over everything.

Although he had cleaned up all the dark forces before leaving but there was no way people could be controlled and there might already be many new such groups.

It was fine though, with their current strength no one on this planet could be their match.

The main problems were the ones who were outside of the planet, after this win, the enemies they would be facing would be far stronger.

'But for now, let's all just relax.'

The soul wraiths all disappeared into his shadow while the other lord rank guards turned to stone and looked nothing more than statues.

Just as Vritra was looking around, several messages popped up before him.

[You have received your rewards!]

[Please check them out. In case of any problem, you may state your problems.]

Similar messages had popped up in front of all ten of them, the rewards had directly been delivered to their inventories.

Vritra looked into the inventory and saw two spheres, the two were of different sizes and all with increasing power levels.

One was for level 2 while the other for level 3 Demi-god, their strength would increase as soon as they finished absorbing them.

"I see no problem in them." Yennefer spoke, Yasmine and Teresa nodded as well.

But they were in no hurry to absorb them.

He looked back at the three women, all three of them also had places they would like to visit.

But they didn't directly leave probably because they wanted him to go with them.

After staying with his wives for so long, he had understood that many times, they wouldn't say what it is exactly that they want.

So he must guess that they expect something from him and then find what they expect.

After thinking, he spoke: "Yenni, let's go there first. Wifey, Tess, wait a little for me."

"Okay hubby." Yasmine smiled, she wouldn't mind such small things.

"Mmm" Teresa hummed.

"…" The empress looked at Vritra with an infatuated look, seeing how he understood what exactly she wanted, she wanted to kiss him so bad.

'I sure am lucky-' Yennefer was looking at Vritra's face with a dreamy look but got interrupted by him.

"Yes yes you are very lucky, shall we go now?" Vritra spoke, taking her soft warm hand.

For a second, Yennefer was surprised, did he read her mind or something? How did he find out?

"Hmph I didn't think that, but… I am indeed lucky." Yennefer first acted proud but still couldn't disagree.

Vritra rolled his eyes as the two flew away, their speed was fast enough that none of the lords would even be able to see them.

"Yenni…" while flying Vritra called out.

"Yes?" The two were looking at the ground, the peaceful surroundings while flying.

"How many elements are you able to control so far?" Vritra had been quite curious about it but forgot to ask.

"Hmm combining all the basic elements, and many others, so more than ten and I think I can just control all the elements. I haven't yet sensed any restrictions." She answered.

"That's impressive, I have never seen such an ability. Your physique must be pretty great." He spoke.

Vritra extended his right hand as hundreds of blood butterflies flew in all directions, it was a beautiful but eerie sight.

They had all retained their abilities from the apocalyptic planet, though Vritra didn't have the abilities he had taken from other players.

But this blood manipulation was pretty good, he already possessed his OP skill dust manipulation.

It was already incredibly powerful.

But in the upcoming battles he would need to upgrade all his skills further, just dust manipulation at full power would be very destructive.

"Yes, this is called Infinite Elemental Physique." Yennefer said, tapping over a butterfly as it flew away before disappearing.

"Oh it has a name too, so did someone else possess it too? Maybe in the past?" he asked, Vritra didn't think such a powerful physique could appear again.

"Hehe no, it was me who named it. Initially it was quite troublesome, when news of me being able to control several elements spread, quite a few human organizations, demons and other races had attacked us."

Yennefer said, her expressions turning solemn.

She had lost her family and so many others to the demons, that is exactly why she hated them.

But she had already wiped them all out, yet Yennefer still didn't feel satisfied, she felt as if there were still some that were yet to be killed.

"I see, I believe your abilities have a lot of growth potential. Once we get entangled with battles outside our planet, you will get your opportunities."

Hearing him, Yennefer nodded. The stronger they are the better it is for their family.

While chatting the two had arrived at the place where the grave of Yennefer's parents was present, she had brought him here once before.

As the two landed, Vritra looked at his blue-haired, beautiful and a little arrogant wife.

He too was lucky, she loved him enough to sacrifice herself.

Yennefer gave a gentle tug, as Vritra was lost in his thoughts.

The two walked closer to her parents' graves, even after going through all that she had, she still felt sad whenever she came here.

Yet this was a place she couldn't stop coming to.

"Mother, father, I am here… with my husband." Yennefer spoke, her tone low.

Vritra wrapped his arm around her shoulder to support her.

"Don't you worry, I will take proper care of her, forever." He spoke, holding her tight.

Yennefer felt quite happy, she shared various of their adventures, telling about the dangerous parts and some where it was fun.

The two stayed there for a bit, finally she said goodbye to her parents and the two walked out.

"Are you feeling okay?" Vritra asked.

"…Yes." Yennefer nodded but he knew just what could cheer her up, so taking her hand he flew away.

After arriving in the market, the two landed.

With Vritra's skill 'Lost', the people ignored the two.

"Husband, aren't we going back? They must be waiting." Yennefer asked in confusion.

He paused before a shop and told her to wait a moment, then Vritra went inside and after a minute came out, holding two ice creams.

The combination of hot and sweet would be quite good now.

"Ice cream?"

He really knew what she needed and even the things she didn't know she needed, Yennefer just felt like hiding in his arms.

It would be so comfortable and safe.

"Here, let's eat it while flying slowly." Vritra created a blood cart and the two climbed up.

It flew a little slower as they chatted and enjoyed the peaceful surrounding scenery.

Soon when the ice creams ended, Vritra increased the speed of the blood cart.

They could have arrived back even faster by flying themselves, but he also wanted to spend a little extra time with her.

Later on, he would bring his wives and go meet Gunter and Ava.

He was back in the clothes made of goop, its strength was quite high but soon wouldn't be enough to match his level.

'Looks like I need to feed you with more weapons soon.' Vritra thought, to upgrade all his skills he would also need to gain more sin points soon.

Though he currently had a few millions which he got after that battle but didn't get to use.

"Thank you husband…" Yennefer said as they got closer to their house.

Vritra put his arms around her waist, pulling her closer, their faces impossibly close.

"Thanks for what, that is what I must do. Of course, instead of thanks you can give me your special rewards." He said, looking straight into her eyes.

Yennefer wasn't one to shy away, she was one of his most direct wives, in fact the one to jump onto Vritra.

"That, I can keep giving you just for being with me~" Yennefer leaned forward as she put her arms over his shoulders and pressed her lips against his.

Vritra bit her lip, then pushing his tongue into her mouth, having a taste of her.

The kiss didn't last too long, Yennefer panted slightly as the two separated, a long bridge of saliva forming between their lips.

"Husband, now that you mentioned it, before any more danger arrives maybe I should try to work on controlling more elements." Yennefer spoke, staying in his arms.

Just the thought made her excited.

"Sure, we will need to find more elements for it and maybe Divine will be able to help." Vritra added, the two separated and looked down.

"Mmm but that's something we can think about later, for now we just need a long rest." She muttered.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios