Chapter 393: Monster!

Griffith was actually surprised that Maeve looked perfectly fine.

From the information he had received from the Green Claw, she should be barely alive right now.

Getting rid of that poison is near impossible, but despite his initial surprise, he wasn’t going to run.

Griffith had made the necessary preparations in advance and was 100% sure of his victory against the fox demon despite the difference in their strength.

Spending quite a lot of resources, he found out the exact weaknesses of Maeve and arranged everything in advance.

’She won’t even be able to escape anymore.’ Griffith thought as he watched Maeve’s expression change from surprise to rage.

Without wasting a moment, the first thing he did was inject some mana into a glyph he was hiding in his clothes, which exploded and created a sphere of energy that grew quickly.

Within moments, the white energy sphere had locked in the area of a few kilometres.

This was a great treasure from the emperor’s personal treasury; not even Maeve would be able to escape from it.

Then he moved back hurriedly and pulled two round green balls and held them tightly in his hands.

Despite his preparations, he couldn’t be careless against such a powerful demon queen.

But in his excitement, he wasn’t able to notice the third presence right behind him, as Griffith’s back bumped into someone.

"Huh? Who is it?" While keeping a close eye on Maeve he turned and glanced back, seeing Vritra hovering in the air.

"Hmm, I think I have seen you somewhere..."

Griffith mumbled as he moved some distance away from Vritra.

Judging from the sight alone, it was obvious that Vritra and Maeve were fighting, and despite the destruction around, none of them were injured.

So there certainly wasn’t a big difference between their strength.

"Whoever you are, help me subdue this demon. You will be greatly rewarded by the emperor himself. I might even make you my protector.

I am the prince of the Quartz continent, Griffith." He announced proudly, waiting for Vritra to deeply bow in front of him.

But such a thing didn’t happen; Vritra just looked back at him with a stoic face.

"Hahaha, you don’t know him?" Maeve couldn’t help but laugh out loud upon seeing the prince ask for Vritra’s help.

"Hmm?" Griffith again focussed on Vritra’s face; he did seem a bit familiar since he was in his true form right now, except the horns.

"Hello Griffith, I am Vritra. How unfortunate to have met you again." Vritra said.

With a snap of his finger, another layer of barrier appeared around the white barrier, formed from the evil veyll god essence.

Not even the combined attacks from Maeve, Griffith and the three demons in hiding would be able to break it in a short time.

"Vritra... Vritra... VRITRA!! You are him, the new Divine, the demon lord in making? B- But weren’t you supposed to be very weak?"

Griffith gazed at the barrier and felt that the information they had obtained was wrong.

There was no way he was as weak as everyone believed.

"I indeed am weak; barely at the 3rd Legion rank as you might have heard. Now why don’t you come forward and show me your true strength?" Vritra said, a look of madness in his eyes.

Griffith had delivered himself at the perfect time; Vritra really wanted to take all his rage and frustration out on someone, and who could be a better choice than this eunuch who is also the emperor’s brother?

’With the barrier I put earlier, there is no chance of Maeve escaping in a short time.

Catching Vritra first is important; if I can do it my status will definitely be elevated and I would be known as someone who killed the demon lord!’ Griffith was filled with even more excitement.

He only came here to catch Maeve but unexpectedly had gained something really, really valuable.

"T- That’s Vritra?! We found him so easily, General, let’s go and recruit him." Fratty shouted, and almost ran out in the open.

But the one-eyed general held him back, his body shivering in terror.

His single eye moved from Maeve to Griffith; there was no way he would be able to defeat either of them.

"Sigh, forget it, we were too late it seems, we can’t save him. Don’t make any noise or we might be the first ones to die." He warned.

"Haha, Maeve, why don’t you wait a little for me? Let me finish this up then we will deal with our... business." Griffith said, smiling.

Vritra placed both his palms over his face, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. Then he pushed his hair back as two horns grew over his head, and his veins turned purplish, as a burst of demonic energy consumed his body.

[Switch Activated.]

[Switch: Demonification(55%)]

He instantly underwent the demonic transformation. The demon lord core had been completely devoured by the Evil Veyll God Essence core by now.

A deadly aura rose around Vritra, twisting the air itself. Using the laws of space with his comprehension of the Space Field, Vritra locked everything up after transferring everyone into the dimensional book.

There was no way for Griffith to escape or use any tricks.

"Show me, how confident are you of victory." Vritra challenged, gesturing at him to attack.

’So he really is a demon, but what sort of energy is this? There is no way he is weak, let me try it first; if nothing works I will escape then.’

Griffith thought, not to mention Maeve was still a danger and his strength was nowhere close to an actual lord.

"Be prepared, I am attackin—" Just while speaking, Griffith tried a sneak attack, his body becoming a blur as he flashed behind Vritra and with all his might he punched at his back.

This wasn’t just a physical attack; his entire arm had transformed into a strange metallic arm as tiny pieces of unknown metal stuck to his hand, increasing its size and power by several times.

At some unknown point, Vritra had turned around, raising his right hand he pointed a finger towards the large fist.

BOOOOOOOM

His hand was stopped instantly, not even able to push him back even an inch, as a strong gust of wind exploded in all directions.

The skill Recoil was also responsible for it; Vritra wasn’t pushed back instead Griffith was the one whose hand was bounced back.

Griffith’s heart thumped violently, although this wasn’t his strongest attack but it was definitely almost his full strength.

It had become completely obvious that Vritra wasn’t as weak as the rumors said; his real strength was definitely at the lord rank.

"Y- You deceived me!" Griffith said, and he knew that his only chance at survival was to escape.

Outrunning Vritra was just impossible; calling for help might work but Vritra just might finish him before the help arrives.

He did possess many treasures though, a crazed look appeared in his eyes as he pulled a scroll from his storage and shouted at Vritra.

"It was your mistake to reveal yourself before me, today is going to be the last day for you and your family."

After speaking he opened the scroll and threw it into the air.

A pillar of white light appeared around him and in an instant it had swallowed Griffith, making him disappear.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...