Chapter 338: DEVOUR!

Vritra ran at full speed, pushing his body to the limits even if his skin got torn or veins burst, using all the skills to boost himself.

He moved so fast that even the trees around him got destroyed, leaving a deep narrow lane on the ground.

Uncontrollable rage burst out of his body, his suppressed aura breaking out as the creatures in dozens of kilometers radius became silent and hid.

Whatever came in front of Vritra was destroyed, whether it be rocks or trees.

When he had covered half the distance, he heard the sound of the abominations, and he understood why the forest was so empty.

It seemed Bone Blood Cult had somehow directed those abominations towards the town.

He swore to give those cultists the most ugly death and wipe Bone Blood Cult off completely, but before that, he needed to cleanse this realm of each and every abomination.

Vritra crossed the large distance within a minute, and by the time he arrived near the town, he could clearly hear the loud banging sounds and those twisted roars along with the faint and helpless footsteps of his Yennifer.

Stomping the ground with all his strength, Vritra’s body rose high into the air and with his nether eye, he scanned the entire town.

"!!!" The moment he saw Yennifer’s injured and bloodied body, resting against the wall and barely conscious, the surroundings exploded with bloodlust creating an atmosphere similar to the bloody mist in the forest.

’Forbid: When I kick the air is solid.’

[Forbidden Activated.]

Vritra twisted his body in the air, facing the direction of the town hall as he pulled his feet slightly and then kicked the air, his body shooting forward like a rocket.

Right when the blade-like teeth of the abominations were about to crush her body, Vritra smashed himself into them.

His hands moved at extreme speed as he punched the limbs approaching Yennifer.

BOOOOOOM!!

A wave of air blew around, more than dozens of the abominations were pushed back, their teeth covered in Vritra’s fresh blood.

Yennifer’s body jerked as something warm dripped onto her face, she slowly opened her eyes and saw his broad back, facing all the abominations and alone standing in the way to protect her.

"..." For a few seconds, she was just speechless and couldn’t think of anything, just staring at Vritra’s back, her heart thumping loudly but not because of fear.

But then her eyes widened as she saw the countless severe wounds covering his body, his body swayed slightly, his hands trembling as he pulled two long knives out of nowhere.

"H- Husband..."

For a moment, it was as if everything had disappeared and only the two of them existed, she was sure that he had rushed back to protect her despite his injuries.

Yennifer felt even more pained, wanting to protect him, to relieve him of the pain he must be feeling but she felt utterly powerless.

"I... haa am fine, go inside." Vritra muttered without turning, he wiped the blood off his eyes and steadied his body.

Before the empress could say anything, Vritra muttered:

"Forbid: the air of the town becomes solid for all abominations."

[Forbidden Activated.]

Instantly the abominations who were ready to charge again at Vritra were frozen, even the hundreds of the abominations which were rushing towards the town hall, all of them froze as if they were stuck.

Vritra turned, then he gently grabbed her hand before pulling Yennifer to her feet.

Yennifer could feel the warmth of his blood as he gripped her hand, she wanted to speak but Vritra just pulled her towards the door.

He grabbed the knob and with a gentle push the entire door came off, then he pushed her inside and spoke: "Rest inside, I will be back in a few minutes."

"W- Wait just come inside with me-" Yennifer tried to speak but she didn’t know, now that the door of this place was broken, the sort of barrier had broken so this was no longer safe.

Vritra ignored her words and muttered: "Forbid: Poison."

[Forbidden Activated.]

The sight of her injuries, the blackening of her skin due to poison, all of it only fuelled his rage.

Then he struck the door back into its place, locking it there using a couple of his knives.

Finally, he turned around and gazed at the creatures who were starting to get free already.

"Forbid: the entire town is a prison, they can enter but can’t leave."

[Forbidden Activated.]

The air once again became normal while the entire town was locked up, and it wouldn’t be easy for the abominations to leave, not that he was going to just let them leave.

Turning to face the countless creatures, Vritra took a deep breath, his body was already very exhausted and each breath made his throat and chest burn.

He would kill as many as he could within a single breath and then take a brief rest.

GRRRRRAAAAAAHHHH!!

ROOOAAAARRRRRRRR!!

KRRRIIIEEEEEEEKKKKK!!

All the abominations let out terrifying screams as they rushed at Vritra, crowding him and throwing all sorts of attacks at him.

[Shift Activated.]

Vritra pushed all his stats to strength, planning to go all out and with brute force, tear them apart.

With his strength at the initial levels of the 3rd Legion rank, he could kill two or three abominations at the same time without much difficulty but facing so many in his condition was still very difficult.

BANG

CLANG CLANG

As the battle broke out, Vritra threw the two long knives at the bodies of the two creatures with all his might, while jumping high and kicking the head of one of them.

As the creature was pushed back, Vritra landed close to one of the stabbed abominations, he gripped the blade’s handle and easily tore the skin, before plunging his hand into its chest and pulling its heart out.

’DEVOUR!!’

Vritra let out a loud battle cry in his mind, not waiting for a moment and moving his body as fast as he could, delivering punches and kicks to any creature that came close.

Whenever the abominations struck any of the buildings, they ended up colliding with some sort of invisible barrier, stopping them and making their bodies burn.

Vritra dodged the attacks he could, parried the others he couldn’t and allowed few to land on his body only to deliver several times the damage in return.

A bloody scene broke out as the entire town was filled with deafening battle sounds, everyone shivered in their houses, feeling as if the end of the town was coming closer.

DEVOUR! DEVOUR! DEVOUR! DEVOUR! DEVOUR!

Vritra swung the big knives as he slashed off the long feet of an abomination and jumped towards its neck, with just his nether eye he could already guess the exact locations of their hearts.

Along with his level these skills also grew after all.

Vritra, panting heavily, gripped the sharp teeth around the neck of the abomination and ripped them apart, taking out its heart.

Another deep cut appeared on his back, but Vritra retorted with even more force, tearing one of the creatures in half with his bare hand.

He ignored the messages that kept popping up but his strength was undoubtedly increasing with each creature he killed.

Vritra slowly dragged the crowd away from the town hall, it was like he had returned to that cave where he had to face countless demons.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...