Chapter 562 End?

BANG

The place several kilometres around was thoroughly destroyed with one of Drino's attacks, his domain looked as if it was made of countless scales.

Inside his domain, the speed and strength of Drino kept increasing, while Vritra couldn't even open his own domain.

The difference in strength was clear.

With all his strength and abilities, Vritra was barely managing to protect himself, with each strike the injuries on his body kept getting worse.

BOOOOOOM!

The sky was suddenly covered by greenish energy as a tsunami of scales left countless long cuts over his skin.

'How long before the planet's rules start suppressing this bastard?' Vritra had tried everything but just a two level difference was so enormous.

"Regretting now, are you? Why don't you hand her over, my offer still stands." Drino suddenly flashed behind Vritra, his hand shooting forward to stab into Vritra's back and rip his heart out.

But all he hit was an illusion, thankfully misty essence was still useful.

"Knight, Hell, everyone!" Vritra called out as all the soul wraiths rose from the darkness, appearing around him.

They weren't even at the demi god level yet, but might still help lessen his burden.

[Suck! Suck! Suck! Activated.]

Instantly, Vritra sucked in a long breath, his energy reserves once again returning to full.

"So you are using the divine's abilities, no wonder I found them familiar. Is that why you are protecting his sister? How about I give you a nice gi-" before his sentence could finish, however, two hands rose from nowhere and held his feet tightly.

Hellmancer let out a loud shout, waving the staff around and then bringing it toward Knight.

Surprisingly, the space around Drino's body was torn and instead of moving his body, Hellmancer moved that very space, throwing it toward Knight.

WHOOSH

Knight raised the heavy sword, goop hurriedly climbed onto the large sword, strengthening it further and then…

BOOOOOOOOM

Knight waved the sword with all his might and struck the demi god who didn't even try to defend.

The sky was covered with darkness after the first heavy strike. Knight didn't stop, its eyes glowed and the sword started flashing.

BANG BANG BANG

One after another, strikes after strikes kept landing over Drino's body.

The Demi God's gaze, however, was still fixed on Vritra, that was the only person who could pose any threat with his strange abilities after all.

Hitting the same place again and again, Knight finally succeeded in drawing a drop of blood from Drino's arm.

'Good.' Vritra moved back as he teleported the drop of blood and touched it, instantly activating the blood lock.

Now it truly was a fight against time, if he could just manage to survive for a little longer then-

"Hah, you think such tricks would work on me?" Drino chuckled, pulling out a glass tube from his inventory, then crushing it.

His body instantly got covered by a thin layer of fog and all connections from the outside world were cut off.

And unfortunately, even blood lock was on pause for now, Vritra's strength wasn't enough to bypass that layer of security.

'Fuck!' Cursing, he launched himself toward the creature, all his soul wraiths attacking at the same time.

"You seem to have quite a lot of treasures on you, I have now changed my mind." Drino took a straight posture as if he had just gotten serious before adding:

"Now you will have to die first, nihil anime and misty essence, two of the mythic halos? Haha, that alone is worth it. Your weapon and much more will all be mine soon."

Looking at Vritra as if he were some lost treasure, Drino chuckled and disappeared.

The area inside the domain suddenly became dark, in an instant, all soul wraiths were destroyed and returned to his body.

Before Vritra even had the chance to teleport away or slow down time, something sharp slashed at his chest.

Tearing through goop's defenses and atomic, it reached deep into his skin as blood spluttered out.

Vritra didn't feel any pain but if things continued like this, then he would be weakened greatly.

Drino's speed had increased even more, Vritra slowed time but it was quite difficult to do so with the other demi god.

"Give up! You have no chance, hahahah!" the heavy voice sounded from all around as strike after strike kept landing over Vritra's body.

Using Lost, he tried disappearing into the surroundings but it still wasn't enough as another cut appeared over his back.

CLANG

Drino's tail suddenly stabbed toward his face but Vritra moved just in time and barely managed to save himself.

The domain seemed to have strange effects on them both, on one side it was weakening Vritra greatly while strengthening Drino.

So the difference in their strength kept increasing.

Vritra could only curse Divine, that pathetic bastard just loved playing games. But on second thought, he wouldn't play around with his sister's life, so maybe there was some reason.

No, he was a bastard who would have his ass whooped later on. He didn't play around with his sister's life but with Vritra's.

BOOOOM

But the tail too suddenly exploded, both of Vritra's hands below the wrist exploded at the same time, his defenses were getting weaker and weaker.

If only his soul wraiths were strong enough to give him some time.

Still, his second last option would be the charged fist and the last option being Titan Fall, but he really didn't want to activate that.

'Good, I should charge it even further-' his thoughts were cut short.

The moment his hands had exploded, the tail again shot forward and stabbed his head, making it explode.

Vritra's body fell down heavily and slowly he was starting to feel the pain.

But his injuries healed within moments, he teleported again and touched Drino's head, then poured out all his mana as radioactive waves.

Hoping to break his defenses.

Using Suck! Suck! Suck! at the same time, the powerful radiation actually started to melt the scales but it wasn't fast enough.

"Haha, why does it seem you are at the end of your road?" Drino laughed, slashing with a long blade.

The blade tore through Vritra's torso and almost cut him in two but he teleported away at the last moment.

The serious injury healed, but he noticed that the healing process was getting slower.

Drino was actually inserting his own mana with each strike, weakening his body from the inside.

'It can't continue like this for long, should I just use charged fist?' Vritra had just flashed higher but he wasn't even given a moment as suddenly thousands of scales tore through his body.

Almost shredding him to pieces.

Then Drino launched attack after attack, he was no longer holding back but was surprised that a new demi god could actually hold on for this long against him.

"You are quite tough, aren't you? Well, let's see how you do against this…"

A grim expression appeared over Vritra's face as his body healed back and he teleported near the ground, his body was slowly getting exhausted.

Drino made a strange gesture with his sword in the air, then pointed at Vritra with a dark smile before muttering:

"It was fun fighting with you, now go die…"

There was absolute silence and all of a sudden, Vritra lost all senses as his body exploded, creating an extremely large storm.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...