Chapter 207: Confidential

"Well hello, Golden Moon folks. Jin Woo here. Sigh, you people are so useless, I still feel a shiver thinking that under your watch someone killed the king of an entire kingdom and even murdered thousands of innocent people," Vritra said, releasing a long sigh.

"We are shocked as well by the news of an emerging demon lord. Anyway, I am ’K’. Can you tell me a little about yourself?" K spoke, his face full of suspicion for absolutely no reason.

K looked like a middle-aged man who was getting fucked by life every single day. Even his hair was starting to disappear from the center of his head.

"Haha, sorry about my partner. I am J, by the way. He has a bad habit of suspecting everyone. Just earlier, he was even suspecting Henry of murdering his rival. And before that, he suspected me of killing the king so I can keep him busy for a while so I can eat his—" J began to chatter.

J was like the friendly neighbor who only knows how to start and not when to pause. He always carried a big smile on his face.

"Sigh. Enough, both of you. That is no way to treat the guest of King Henry. Be more respectful. Anyway, young man, I am ’O’. Are you a member of this kingdom?" O spoke. He seemed the oldest in the group and also the leader. The others seemed to respect him quite a bit.

"Yes, I was born in this kingdom, but since I love traveling, I am constantly moving all over the continent. That’s why I have spent more time outside than here," Vritra replied in a relaxed manner before asking:

"About those murders, how do you know about them? Did you see the corpses yourselves? And are you sure that new demon lord or whatever is the one responsible for it?" Vritra asked, showing genuine interest like a gossip.

"The corpses had been removed, but those men were from the Blue Kingdom and we have already made sure that they were killed in the Dunshire Kingdom after going there.

Well, we don’t know exactly who is responsible for all this, but Vritra from the Dunshire Kingdom is our biggest suspect right now, even for King Aldric’s death," O spoke.

"Oh, I wonder who gave you all that intel. There must be someone who told you about all this, right?" Vritra asked casually.

The fourth man stood silently in the corner, just tired of the entire mission; he just wanted to return home and lie down in bed while getting his salary for free.

"That is confidential information. You aren’t eligible to know that. But why do you even want to know all that? Are you the criminal?" J spoke, his brows furrowed. Just then, K plucked a bunch of hair from his head and placed them back while whistling.

"Well, I have heard a flying news. I heard in that incident..." Vritra began to speak as if he was about to disclose some big secret. After pausing and looking around, he continued in a low voice:

"Bone Blood Cult and the Nine Pacts were involved as well."

"Oh, and how do you know that? What is the source of your information?" J asked hurriedly, his eyes narrowing into thin lines.

"That is confidential information. You aren’t eligible to know that," Vritra said while shrugging his shoulder.

"You!!" J almost burst out in rage.

"Young man, is it really reliable information or were you only joking just now? Answer seriously," O asked in a solemn tone.

"I am 100% sure. If you change your starting point, you will get answers fast," Vritra said before glancing at the crown prince, who was trying to shield Sonia from his father’s prying gaze.

"Shall we go?" Vritra asked. These four men were certainly strong, almost as strong as Blunder and Faceless. It seemed Golden Moon was indeed taking this matter quite seriously.

"Yes yes, let’s go," the crown prince nodded. And after bowing towards the king and the four men, he began to lead them forward.

"Let’s go as well," the fourth man finally spoke as he started walking ahead of the others.

...

Soon, Vritra’s and the others’ rooms were arranged. Vritra and Vanessa took one room, Fiona and Diana were on either side of him, and Monk Shitless was a bit further away from them, his room quite close to the crown prince’s.

’Heh, since I am doing this, then I am going to make full use of my new power. I will make the crown prince dance over my fingertips and soon there will be chaos everywhere, kekekeke.’ Monk Shitless began to form his evil plan.

As Vritra saw his evil twisted smile, he wondered if he had awakened something strange in the monk. The first and most important promise Vritra made to him was to keep him safe even as the father or son tried to make a move on him. Monk Shitless was disgusted by just the thought of it.

All of them entered their rooms and made sure that everything was fine. Then a servant came to invite them all for dinner along with the crown prince.

Vritra and the four women walked out of their rooms and found the crown prince waiting not far away with a big smile. He kept stealing glances at Sonia.

"Prince, come here," Monk Shitless spoke while snapping his fingers, as if calling some servant.

"Prince, my feet hurt. Can you take off my shoe?" raising his right leg, he spoke.

Vritra and the others: "..."

This monk seemed to have gone off trail. His task now was to make the crown prince fall even harder for him, but he was acting strangely.

"Of course, Sonia, anything for you, hehe," the crown prince ran forward like a loyal puppy and knelt down, as he took off Sonia’s shoe.

’Keke, this might be more fun than I thought.’ Monk Shitless was already imagining ways he could torture the crown prince of such a large kingdom.

Vritra shook his head but didn’t interrupt. It was Shitless’s duty to control the prince and get him to kill the king, no matter how he wanted to do it.

’I wonder when that inheritance ground will open. It would be great if I can get Misty Essence Mythic Halo,’ he thought. Many inheritance and other treasure places were opening all over the Blue Kingdom right now.

Soon all of them began eating. The crown prince seemed an even bigger simp than Jack. Monk Shitless was already treating him like trash, yet he was still happy.

It was already night. After eating their food, the crown prince gave the group of five a tour of the castle. To flatter Sonia, he brought them to almost every place, even showing off his wealth to win her heart.

’Damn, the number of soul potions here is much higher than the Dunshire Kingdom. I have to take them all. Hmm, I guess the crown prince would be very helpful for that,’ Vritra thought, as he looked at the poor crown prince who had already fallen into his and the evil monk’s clutches.

"Well, that’s about it in this house of ours. Sonia, did you like it?" the crown prince asked.

"Hmm, not bad. Anyway, is it true your father takes any beautiful woman for himself?" Sonia asked, acting fearful.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...