Chapter 429: The Handsome Demon

Right as Vritra passed through the door in his disappearing state, he paused, hearing the strange noises.

It was like several enormous aliens were releasing those broken noises, and there was also a faint painful voice of a man.

’What the hell is going on here? Was that... a woman’s moan?’ Vritra was baffled just by the noises, even before he could register the sight inside.

BOOOM BOOOOM

Constant tremors went through the entire room, it was surprising that the bed and walls were still holding on.

Vritra shook his head and saw what seemed to be a big lump of fat, as if a human-shaped balloon had too much air and might burst at any moment.

Each of her fingers was as thick as Vritra’s arm.

The enormous queen was fatter than Vritra had expected; she seemed to weigh at least a few tons.

Her waist alone seemed extremely thick, her body wouldn’t fit in an average room.

And below that terrifying creature lay a man who seemed to have lost his soul, his body was getting thinner by the second.

"Oh, the old method of strength and life force draining. Well, the succubus race used to do that before, but their method was less cruel and dangerous." Yasmine spoke, still floating around him.

The queen’s skin was covered by long lines that seemed to have come from her body stretching too much, and her long hair spread across the large bed.

Her arms were stretched to both sides, because of too much fat she couldn’t even put them down. And on the top, there was no neck, her head looking too small compared to her body.

The sight was just absurd.

The demon lying under the queen seemed to be on his last breath, only skin and bones were left, and with each explosive sound, a few of his bones broke.

Vritra looked beside the bed and saw at least a few dozen men lying there, they were all dead and their bodies extremely thin.

"So she is stealing the life force of all these demons, no wonder despite two new lords in this place, it hasn’t grown much."

Vritra pondered, but his first task was to get Maeve’s life force.

Looking around, he found that the room was way too big, it was like another house built inside the ghost castle.

"Where am I supposed to find it now? Has she kept it close to her or in some secret storage?" Vritra mumbled, he tried to sense Maeve’s presence, but he couldn’t.

"Well, even your disappearing state might not keep you completely hidden here, be careful, there are a lot of traps and sensors."

Yasmine warned. It actually wasn’t very new to use a different dimension to trespass, but it was very difficult and rare.

And as usual, Vritra could only depend on his wise and beautiful waifu.

"Wifey, any suggestion?" he asked, keeping his eyes away from the disgusting sight happening on the bed.

The queen’s body was something that could cause lingering nightmares; even to bounce over the bed, she had tied her body to chains since, except for her fingers, she couldn’t really move all that much.

"Hehe my dear husband, I do have several suggestions. Now that we are actually here, then let’s take advantage of this place as much as we can, your strength needs to be increased after all.

As for the life flame, we will find it too." Yasmine said in her playful tone.

"Uh... What evil plan are you brewing up now, wifey? Are we looting the treasury again or something?" Vritra said, getting excited.

"Well, that’s the bare minimum since the queen has formed with a powerful demon lord’s family, so they must have quite a few treasures, but we are gonna take more than that."

As she spoke, Yasmine’s cunning gaze drifted towards the queen’s body.

"Huh? What do you mean?" Vritra felt confused, but with full trust in his wife, he decided to start just as she instructed.

...

Outside the queen’s room, Maeve stood with a worried look. The queen might be weak, but this place still wasn’t safe.

"Master..." if she found that Vritra was in any danger, then without worrying about her life flame, killing that queen was the first thing she would do.

Even if she might die along, only now she understood that there are actually things that you come to cherish more than your own life.

Although their relationship was still building, Vritra was here taking such a big risk just for her, and it meant a lot for Maeve.

When had anyone ever cared so much for her? While she was deep in thought, she remembered that her pact with Vritra was still not canceled.

And being here, the queen could easily kill her, so without wasting any time she began to sever that connection; just in case if she died, she wouldn’t want Vritra to die for no reason.

...

Yasmine explained the plan, and Vritra felt proud that his wife had learned so much from him.

Otherwise, how could the Queen of Dragons make such plans?

"Alright wifey, let me continue from here, just sit back and rest." Vritra spoke.

Yasmine had some knowledge of the queen, and they got to know more about her from Maeve, so their plan was just perfect.

"Be careful hubby." After speaking, Yasmine finally disappeared, returning to his body.

Taking a deep breath, Vritra focused on his goals. After going over the entire plan, he nodded, then he scanned the room once more.

’Let’s start with the treasury, maybe I might just find the life flame there.’

After a thought, he took a step forward but instantly felt as if he had stepped over something intangible.

"Uh oh..."

Instantly, alarms went off in the room, and hundreds of thin ropes wrapped around his body, entering the page of his dimensional book.

"GRRRRR- WHO IS THERE?"

In the midst of her moans, the queen paused and turned, her tiny eyes wide open with rage. She was so close to orgasm after absorbing all the energy of another demon.

But now the fun had suddenly ended, the demon died, and she lost the peak of pleasure.

The culprit got caught in one of the traps, and with a light tug of her finger, several glyphs became active, and the small realm Vritra was hidden in was destroyed.

His real body instantly became visible, wrapped by thin strands of energy ropes, making it impossible for him to move at all.

"OH." With the use of chains holding up her body, she rotated herself to see the person she was going to kill.

But seeing the person in question, she froze in shock.

After all, it was such a handsome demon, tall, strong, and just perfect in every aspect, with two horns on his head looking like his crown.

"Well hello, sorry to have disturbed you, miss. Please continue with your business, I was just passing through." Vritra said, appearing as if he was trying to hide his nervousness.

From Maeve, they had found that handsome demons are the biggest weakness of the queen; she just goes mad upon seeing one.

And it was the first time for her to see someone like Vritra, her mind exploded.

"G- Gagaga." For a few seconds, she couldn’t say anything, but then she sensed such pure and strong energy from Vritra, and she knew she had just found the perfect target.

And she wasn’t planning to just use him like others; she planned to keep him for herself for a very, very long time.

"Oh intruder, you came at just the right time, the meals offered to me had just ended, so won’t you replace them?" Even the queen’s voice sounded so strange, as if a bear was trying to speak.

"Hmm, you look younger, I heard young guys now like older women, so would you like to come near mommy?" She questioned.

Vritra almost vomited at the disgusting offer and sight.

But there was a script he needed to follow, and this was where the misty essence was going to come in full use.

From under his feet, Psyche flew and left the room silently, everything was under control so far.

Vritra was confident that even with all her gadgets, she wouldn’t be able to kill or capture him.

"No thank you, what would I even gain from all that?" Vritra said as if he was seriously considering.

The queen held back the urge to force him. If he came on his own wishes, then she would get the perfect doll; she could keep such a handsome pet and suck him dry slowly.

Chuckling evilly inside, she decided to lure him with treasures.

"Of course, you will get everything that I own. I am the queen, and you might become my king, of course, if you are obedient."

The queen spoke, all her reasoning had failed the moment she had seen the most handsome demon.

If not for obtaining support and strength from the demon lord Sloth, then she might really have taken this young demon as her husband.

But it didn’t matter as long as she could keep him for herself, the faint energy around his body felt so pure and inviting.

"Hmm? I can get what? Your treasures? Your slaves? I am a cautious person, and I don’t trust anyone until you have proven yourself worthy of my trust.

And if you can, then I will definitely surrender myself to you." Vritra spoke, forcefully stopping his lips from curling since something really fun and evil was about to happen here soon.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...