Chapter 684 The Victim

"…" Vritra frowned, it was the same mutant from before, the one whose arm was torn.

"Fuck, this speedy bastard again?!" Onest was startled, as he fell back and bumped into Shitless,

whose metal head smashed against Ergen's face.

Vritra rolled his eyes, he casually caught the whip, giving it a pull.

KKRRRRRAAA-?

The mutant was startled as its body got forcefully pulled, it realized that Vritra's strength was higher than before.

It had been waiting here to kill Vritra after noticing him going inside.

The spear appeared in his hand and with a single slash, the body of the mutant was torn in half.

RAAARRRRRRRRRR!!

The mutant still roared while rushing at Vritra despite being torn in half.

BANG

Vritra stabbed the spear into its brain, finally killing it.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +3,353}

[You have obtained the Fast Foot Ascension Path!]

"Hmm Onest, see if it suits you." Vritra tossed the ascension stone to Onest.

Ergen, with his bleeding nose and a red face, looked on enviously, Vritra gave away the ascension stone just like that.

"Oh… it is!" Onest was quite surprised, all the ascension stones they were finding even randomly were perfect for them somehow.

"Good, let's continue then." Vritra said before looking at Ergen and asking: "Does your organization have anything good?"

"Hmm not really, they mostly depend on the powerful teams. Maybe they found something after I was gone." He shrugged his shoulders.

"…" Vritra nodded, now only Diana remained who was yet to obtain any ascension stone.

But it was fine, he still had a lot of sin points so he could probably get one for her, divine should have arranged it.

"On our way to the Cinema and the doctor, we will pass through there too. But first, let's rest, so you can all ascend peacefully." He spoke.

The others nodded in agreement, soon Ergen led them ahead towards a safe location.

"Are you feeling okay?" Vritra took Yasmine's hand, asking while looking at her belly.

There didn't seem to be any changes right now.

"Yes, and I doubt anything could happen to me with that charm." She replied, leaning her head onto his shoulder.

The cart moved rapidly, any mutant in the way had their heads explode directly.

"Sir, this is the place where very few mutants come. This place is occupied by an organization called the Survivors, it is filled with survivors." Ergen said.

"…Let's head in." Vritra looked at the large shopping complex which had a big hotel on top.

Right after entering, they saw dozens of people guarding it.

There were several thousand, but the food was even scarcer here.

"Why are you here?" one of the men shouted, holding a knife.

"We are survivors, calm down. We just need to stay here for some time." Ergen said quickly.

"We aren't accepting any more survivors, there is no food left here-"

Vritra didn't want to waste any time, he took out some food and put it on the ground.

"We don't need your food, this is our entry fee, and all the food we have." Vritra said, as he started walking into the building.

The men looked at the food in surprise then with joy, a greedy look flashed in their eyes as they looked at Vritra.

"Also, don't even think of trying anything funny. I can kill your bunch in an instant."

Right as he spoke, blades made of blood suddenly appeared against the throats of all of them.

They were scared to death and nodded hurriedly.

Ergen followed the group quickly, he was thankful that Vritra didn't throw him away despite what Ming had done.

"This place has enough space, we will be taking these rooms. You three can go rest." Vritra said, he took three free rooms.

Giving food to the people occupying them to make them leave for now.

First they ate some food and then rested, the past couple of days had been too exhausting.

They were so worried about Vritra, and then those men appeared.

'Morgan, I will make you suffer more than any of them.' Vritra felt really angry, that bastard was using others to do his work.

"Go ahead, I will watch over you all." Vritra said.

"It won't cause a big commotion, right?" Teresa asked.

"Of course it won't, just go ahead. It will take a day, just relax and go with the flow." He replied calmly.

Seeing his calmness, they felt quite relaxed.

The six of his wives got into three rooms with two women in one room.

Only Diana remained on his side.

"Dear, I guess I will have to wait a little." She said, but wasn't really complaining.

She now gets to spend time completely alone with Vritra.

"Don't worry, I will get one for you right away." Vritra patted the head of the goddess, her white smooth hair feeling quite nice to touch.

{Sin Points: 1,058,745}

"Draw 1000-point rewards, with fifty eight thousand points." he spoke, he wanted to draw bigger and better rewards with the remaining one million.

[You have obtained 3 Agility attribute points!]

[You have obtained 1000 beds!]

[You have obtained 10,000 bottles of cola!]

…

Vritra waited for all fifty eight rewards to appear and then scanned them.

[You have obtained the Adaptive Support Ascension Path!]

"There it is, good job divine." Vritra said, taking the stone out of storage and handing it to her.

He didn't even need to check, the divine guy might be a piece of shit, a scum, a bitch but he is quite good at such stuff.

"Ouch, you didn't have to break me…" the divine said pitifully.

"Thank you dear." Diana smiled, she pressed her lips against Vritra's, giving him a passionate kiss.

She was a bit disappointed that she wouldn't get to spend this time with him now.

The kiss lasted a bit longer than she had expected, the two hugged each other, while just chatting about random stuff.

Diana was reluctant to just leave, so after spending over an hour with him, she too finally began.

All the women sat on the beds comfortably as they got wrapped by different forms of energies.

"I guess I will need to wait a day here." He muttered, and walked out, closing the door behind him.

The three rooms were beside one another.

"I guess time to spend some time with boys gang, heh I wonder what Shitless and Onest are doing." Vritra mumbled as he walked towards the room opposite.

He pushed open the door.

"Kekeke Bastard, now you are going to get it, stop resisting kekeke let me hit-" Shitless laughed like a classic villain.

While pulling Onest's pants, while the other guy was struggling.

But then their bodies froze, both looked towards the door.

The red mutant-like Shitless was sitting over Onest's legs, while Onest lay with his back facing the ceiling, holding his pants.

Vritra stood there, looking at them with a face devoid of any emotion.

But the silence was too loud, they could feel something from his gaze, the disappointment and the misunderstanding.

"Sorry guys, you can continue." He said, slowly closing the door.

"P- Pitifulllll oneeeeeeee" Shitless screamed, his face full of terror, his life flashing before his eyes.

"Waaiiiiittttttttttttt-!!" Onest's expression changed, as he too rushed towards the door.

"It was not what it looked like, I was only trying to spank him, please listen to us, believe me. I am innocennntttttt!!" Shitless screamed.

"I was the vicctiiimmmmmmmm!!" Onest shouted.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...