Chapter 171: Blessing of Buddha

"The competition will start tomorrow morning. All the registrations were already finished—it is only because of my strong connections that I was able to register your name," Monk Shitless said proudly before continuing.

"The protector of the Emperor you met before—I believe he is here with either the Emperor or the Empress. He won’t leave the Emperor’s side otherwise. As for the competition, I don’t know much either, aside from the marriage trial and the rewards. Oh, and the age restriction is set at twenty-five."

"Okay, did you get a badge or something when signing me up?" Vritra asked. He doubted just such a short interaction with this Monk could bring him any bad luck.

"Yes, pitiful one, I did. Here—your number is 23,008. Yes, there will be more than twenty thousand participants and even more people watching as audience. So, isn’t this the type of event you would like?" Monk Shitless said. He didn’t know why Vritra liked crowded places so much, but more people equaled more chaos—and how could the Monk miss that?

Vritra took the badge and after a look, he put it away, then nodded at the Monk as a sign of thank you and also as a silent gesture asking him to leave.

Monk Shitless grinned as he turned around and began walking, but his shoulder accidentally bumped into a man who lost his balance and fell over the next table, directly putting his face into burning hot soup.

"Aaaaaaah! You damned—ughhh—Baldy! Cough cough—I’m going to kill you! Uwaaa—my eyesssss..."

"It’s the blessing of the buddha, aaah I am innocent." Monk Shitless ran like an arrow being released from a bow, as the other guy ran behind him.

"..." Vritra shook his head and looked back at the three women.

"I will be participating in the competition tomorrow as you all already know. You three should hide among the audience—and start wearing veils. You’re associated with that demon news after all. Also, where have you been staying?" Vritra asked.

"We have booked our rooms in a nearby hotel. Let’s stay there. Oh right—here, you can have your friends back," Vanessa said, handing Zengis back to Vritra. At the same time, Bobby also flew out of her shadow, directly jumping into his palm.

"Oh, it seems they kept you safe." Vritra chuckled as he caressed Zengis and Bobby. Then he put Zengis away and gave Bobby back to his mother—the three needed it more than he did for now.

"Let’s go." He stood up and along with Vanessa and the others walked out of there after paying their bill. The outside was as lively as ever. Young men seemed to be full of hope as if they were going to be the real winner and future husband of whoever the lady was.

But Vritra could sense a few Legion-ranked young men among them, whose ages were between twenty and twenty-five. All these young men were most probably from powerful families, and with enough support, they reached such a high level at such a young age.

’Can I defeat Legion-ranked without using the Demon Lord’s core? Well, I have many other skills... but the problem is I can’t reveal too much—and I also have to defeat such strong people.’

Vritra sighed, but although these people had reached Legion rank because of the support of their families, they barely had any real experience. And because of the tenderness they had received, they wouldn’t encounter fortunate treasures.

While thinking about the next day’s battle, Vritra walked toward the hotel along with the three. The weather was a bit hot, and it was around two in the afternoon. Vritra didn’t have much to do for the day, so he decided to spend the day with the three women.

After entering the hotel, Diana went into her room while Fiona glanced at Vritra before going into her own, and Vritra followed Vanessa into her room.

The two talked for a while. Vanessa was still shaken by the event a few days ago. Vritra hugged his "mother" as the two lay on the bed. Finally, in his arms, she felt truly comforted. Glancing at his face, she asked:

"Can you show me your real face now?"

Vritra nodded as his face instantly began to change.

[Intra Shuffle Activated!!]

Soon Vritra’s real face appeared—the one after he had transformed into a demon. He felt this was the right moment to tell the secret to his "mother," so two horns also appeared over his head.

Vanessa sat up straight in surprise as she saw his face, which seemed to have changed once again—but the two horns above his head were the most striking change.

"Wait, are these real? Then the news about—" Vanessa asked, her mouth forming an O shape.

"Yeah, that’s right. Somehow, I indeed became a demon," Vritra answered. He didn’t jump to the other side willingly—it’s just how things ended. But he wasn’t really complaining about it, since his strength had increased by so much.

"Woah, you look so handsome—so... so bewitching." Vanessa stared at him, then she raised her finger and touched Vritra’s cheek before caressing it with her palms.

"Such tender skin... it’s like I’m touching you when you were little. Can I touch those horns? They look so cool and suit you a lot!!" Vanessa asked excitedly—and without waiting for his answer, she touched his black horns. She couldn’t deny he looked devilishly handsome.

Vanessa didn’t care a bit that he was a demon or not. All that mattered was that he was her son, and the beliefs of the world could go to sewage for all she cared—she loved him more than anything.

She cupped his cheek and gently pressed her moist lips against his, and just stayed there, savoring the warmth and softness they both felt.

Then she pulled back, her eyes seeming to glow with a pink hue as she spoke in a seductive tone:

"I love you. You will always be mine. No matter how you transform, we will never be apart."

Vritra smiled. He was sure of Vanessa’s love, but still felt a bit unsure how she would react to such a huge change. But his heart was filled with warmth as she gazed at him with such an intense expression.

Using the dust, Vritra closed the window’s covers while Yasmine covered the room with a layer of barrier, as Vanessa climbed on top of him.

It was time for the training.

She sat over his waist then leaned forward, taking his lips into hers into a passionate kiss. Unlike the earlier soft kiss this was a rather wild one, as if all their feelings and lust had exploded at the same time.

"Mmmm~" their lips slid over one another, Vanessa pushed her soft pink tongue into his mouth, moving it all over his mouth. She licked everywhere before her tongue became entangled with his, rolling over a mess of saliva, as the two sucked one another’s mouth.

Their hands rubbed over each other’s body, Vanessa began to remove his clothes hurriedly, looking as if she was in heat.

While Vritra just tore her clothes apart as if they were made of paper, he broke the bra as her heavy and soft breasts landed over his chest, pressing softly and spreading across his skin.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...