Chapter 258: Betrayal?

Vritra looked at Diana, who was looking down at her body for some reason. She seemed quite satisfied upon seeing that she had successfully kept the thick fluid inside.

"Let’s go." Vritra extended his hand to grab Diana’s hand.

But all of a sudden, the ground shook as if a light earthquake had just gone through the place, and in the dead of the night, a blinding light spread throughout the place, making the two unconsciously close their eyes.

Vritra finally got a hold of Diana’s hand. He pulled her closer, confused about the sudden change in the condition. Neither he nor Yasmine felt any sort of presence around them, so unless the opponent was too strong or using some great technique or tool, it shouldn’t be an enemy attack.

[Nether Eye Activated.]

Vritra instantly activated his third eye, but he couldn’t sense anything different. The blinding light remained for a few seconds but then disappeared just like it had appeared, leaving absolutely no traces behind.

’What was that?’ he asked while cautiously observing his surroundings. He looked at the mountain, but it didn’t even seem to be related to the inheritance.

The commotion for a mythic halo shouldn’t be so low; everyone in the city would have been informed if the inheritance had really opened.

"I am not sure either. It all happened too fast, but I have a feeling it is somehow related to the inheritance. There is no other explanation." Yasmine replied, feeling a bit puzzled.

’The inheritance doesn’t seem to be opening. Maybe it would be better to just leave.’ Vritra thought after scanning his entire surroundings once again and not finding anything out of the ordinary.

He finally glanced at the goddess, who floated dazedly beside him, staring into the empty air.

"Diana, are you fine?" Vritra asked, lightly squeezing her hand. A strange feeling filled his heart, but he just couldn’t understand what was wrong.

"...Yes, master, I am fine. What was that light?" Diana smiled sweetly all of a sudden and looked at Vritra’s face, shifting her hand slightly and interlocking fingers with him.

"I don’t know, let’s go back for now." Vritra replied, the feeling of some anomaly suddenly rising in his heart, and in most cases, his danger senses were correct.

Suddenly pulling his arm, Diana’s expression changed as a ferocious look appeared on her face. Out of nowhere, a white-colored knife had appeared in her hand, and without wasting a heartbeat, she stabbed the knife into Vritra’s chest, piercing it directly through his chest.

Her speed was so high that even Vritra was caught off guard as he felt faint pain, the knife piercing through one of his hearts.

"Hah! Did you think that I trust you? I love you? I hate you with all my heart. Who do you think you are to make a goddess such as me into a slave? I was waiting for a chance—a chance to kill you and gain my freedom back.

DIE! DIE! DIE! You can never control me, you demon. Do you think I would be happy getting humiliated by you? You trampled all over my dignity. So what if I tried to kill you?

You are just a mortal, a pathetic mortal. HAHAHA now DIE!!" Diana shouted like a madwoman, her expression becoming crazier by the moment.

She pulled the knife out, struck it at the same spot again, cutting through his heart once again. Jerking off his arm, Diana laughed maniacally and moved away from Vritra, leaving the knife stuck in his chest as red blood dripped down his body.

"Haha! Why are you so silent now? You didn’t expect that, did you? After killing you here, I will go back to the castle and kill your mother and those little lovers of yours while they don’t suspect anything." She said, going completely mad.

"..." Vritra stared at her with wide eyes. He glanced down at the wound on his chest as the red blood continued to flow down. It seemed he was going to die very soon.

"Y-You... how could you? I t-trusted you... ughhh... the promise we made just now, the love between us, was it all just a lie?" He slowly approached Diana with a pained expression, raising a bloody hand to touch her cheek.

"Haha, that look suits you so much. Now let me enjoy as you die in misery, betrayed by the person you trusted." Diana laughed, as if enjoying the heartbroken look on Vritra’s face.

"P-Please, end y-your... haa... hatred with me and d-don’t do anything to mom and F-Fiona... ugghhh... I still love you, even if you kill me..." Vritra spoke, his bloodied body slowly beginning to slide down as if he was losing all strength.

Diana was grinning, watching him struggle in his last moments, as if he were a fool.

CLENCH!!

But suddenly, Vritra gripped her throat and squeezed hard enough that she choked. The painful expression disappeared instantly as he looked at her emotionlessly and spoke:

"Why are you so silent now? You didn’t expect that, did you? This is how you need to act. Your acting is seriously so bad." He shook his head and suddenly squeezed his hand as her neck snapped and she coughed out blood.

SNAP!!

BOOM

"Just as I thought..." Vritra mumbled as the fake goddess’s body broke into powder and fell down. Even the wound and blood on his body fell down upon transforming into powder.

"So I was right. We had been pulled into the inheritance ground all of a sudden. This is quite strange, but we can’t expect the inheritance of a mythic halo to be simple." Yasmine mumbled.

"Yeah, everything was so realistic that I wouldn’t have doubted it if Diana didn’t act like that out of nowhere. And I also wasn’t able to sense the invisible flames in her body.

So this is the power of the Misty Essence mythic halo—quite praiseworthy." Vritra spoke as he looked at the fake world around himself, which seemed way too real.

"But Diana got separated from me right before I could have taken her hand. It seemed this mythic halo was waiting for the perfect moment. But she should be fine. After all, Hellmancer is with her." Vritra always kept a few soul wraiths to protect the ladies.

Like Dark Knight, Ghost, and Ghoul were currently protecting Vanessa and Fiona, while the remaining ones were either with him or Diana.

"Yeah, she should be fine. Hellmancer is one of the most reliable, especially in such an environment. But what exactly is happening here?" Vritra mumbled. He looked around and even used the Nether Eye but couldn’t sense anything.

"I have heard a lot about the Misty Essence. It is truly a great mythic halo. Except for having no ability to physically harm anyone, it could be used in countless situations.

Anyway, let’s look around first. Maybe we can find a way out." Yasmine said, even she wasn’t sure of how exactly to break this illusion that was just too real.

Vritra nodded. Then he flew towards the mountain where the inheritance was supposed to open. He paused in front of it and mumbled:

"Sigh... I came all the way here again, but why isn’t the inheritance opening? Guess I will have to wait a little longer."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...