Chapter 531 A Day With My Naughty Mother-2 [R-18]

The room was filled with muffled moans, the two busy enjoying each other.

Vanessa's body twisted on top of Vritra as he ate her out while her head continued to move up and down over his penis.

Several minutes passed in the intimate act and before long, the succubus orgasmed as hot clear liquid flooded out of her vagina.

But with Vritra's lips pressing against her petals, all of it rushed directly into his mouth as he continued to gulp her nectar.

Her eyes rolled up as the feeling of extreme pleasure shot through her.

She unconsciously bit his cock, shivers running through his body; thankfully Vritra was nearly immune to damage so it didn't hurt.

As her orgasm subsided, Vanessa pulled her teeth back and asked in a muffled tone: "A- Aa yoo fwine?"

"Mmm" Vritra hummed, his tongue still buried between her tight folds.

Slowly, he pulled it out of the tightness of her folds, giving a few last licks to her drenched petals.

Feeling the warmth of her mouth wrapped around his cock, Vritra released a contented sigh; she was really good at it.

Yasmine had decided not to join; she had already done it earlier, so now she was just enjoying the show just like good old times.

It wasn't long before Vanessa finally felt his cock pulse in her mouth; she increased the force of suction, her tongue pressed against the tip.

SPURT

And finally, she was rewarded with the hot thick milk; clamping her lips tighter against the shaft, she started gulping it all down in a hurry.

GULP GULP

The amount was just too much; her cheeks were stretched outwards as her tongue rolled over the hot semen around in her mouth.

"Mmmm SLURP Ummph~ GULP GULP" The succubus mommy continued to drink her favorite drink, the sticky fluid clinging to her tongue.

She pushed it down her throat, relishing its taste.

Vanessa drank several mouthfuls and soon the ejaculation ended; after gulping it all, she pulled back.

But stopped around the head, still keeping it inside; she poked and stimulated the tiny hole at the tip and sucked on it to draw out any lingering semen.

After nothing was left behind, she finally pulled back and licked it clean, savoring the aftertaste.

"Huff That was so good honey, I would love to do it more b-but I can't wait anymore, so let's do it." She said before turning over and sitting on top of him, grinding her vagina over his cock.

Then asking in a seductive tone: "Mommy wants your big big member to go inside me and stir my vagina; will you do it baby?"

Vritra enjoyed listening to her; her hungry lower lips were already munching over his cock.

"Of course mommy, I would love to bury my cock inside your body." Vritra replied, gripping her squishy ass cheeks.

He raised her body up as Vanessa gripped his already hard member and positioned it, pressing the tip against her entrance.

In the next moment, her body slammed down; his penis plunged deep into her pussy in a single thrust.

Vanessa almost lost her balance, her body arching back, feeling as if all the air had been pulled out of her lungs.

After a moment, her body started bouncing up and down on top of him. Vanessa placed her palms over his chest; it was almost as if her vagina had a special ability.

She could completely control the tightness, even putting different pressure over different parts of his cock.

As a succubus, her body was perfect in every aspect.

"Nnnggghhh~ aahhhh~ baby y-you are in haahhh~ so deep Ooooh~" Vanessa was releasing loud moans, feeling his thick and hard cock ramming into her cave.

With each thrust the tip hit the deepest parts, making her body tremble even as she continued to move up and down.

Vanessa twisted and rotated her waist, letting the head of the cock rub and poke certain points inside her vagina.

The tight drenched folds clung tightly to its length; each thrust changed the shape of her insides.

Loud slapping sounds continued to ring out, her love juices falling over his body.

Soon, the pair of mother and son came at the same time.

Vanessa felt the hot stream of thick semen gush into her womb as she experienced a strong orgasm.

She fell forward, her boobs spreading over his chest; more and more semen filling her up.

After a round on the bed, the two entered the bathroom since Vritra needed to get cleaned up anyways.

"Hehe honey, how does it feel to be doing this with your mother when today itself is your marriage?" Vanessa asked; she was facing him, sitting over his lap.

His cock once again back inside her pussy.

"Sigh…" Vritra just sighed, getting reminded of that again.

"Mom, you really want me to marry a stranger? Even though I don't want to but everything is inclining in that one direction." Vritra mumbled, leaning forward and resting his face against her chest.

"Yes, go ahead. Believe me, everything will be fine; just… be sure to protect her." Vanessa said, gently caressing his head.

"Her?" Looking up, he asked curiously; just how much and what had they all seen in the dream?

"Yeah, Teresa; keep her safe." Vanessa said seriously, but her body twitched at even the smallest movement, the tip of his cock pressing against her womb.

"Hmm…" Vritra didn't speak or ask about this any further; there was no point.

He would make his decision later on after getting into the Ford realm.

"Mom, if you were given the chance, would you erase it all and just continue your life back on Earth normally?" he asked, without any actual meaning.

"Of course not; I wouldn't want to give any of this up. There have been some bad moments in here, but I love the family we have built, our relation; none of it would have been possible back there. So, I would still choose this." Vanessa answered.

"Soon after I have found Yenni and done a couple of small things like stealing the fate of a certain someone, we might be thrown into some trials and games.

They would be really dangerous, and soon we might even be facing those gods or entities far stronger than them." Vritra spoke; everything was peaceful and calm for now.

But who knows how long it would last; the danger they might be facing ahead would make everything here feel like a joke.

The life of everyone on the planet would be on the line; even Earth might be a part of all this somehow.

Vritra's strength had grown and currently there wasn't much he could do to further increase it, aside from sin points and finding treasures.

He couldn't level up at all right now.

"Hmm All of us have to get stronger faster but how?" Vanessa wondered; even killing a lord now wouldn't increase her strength by a big margin.

"Well there is still that Divine Kage; all those experience points would be of no use to me. Guess we soon will be going on a hunt." He muttered.

The two chatted for a while longer, enjoying each other's calming presence.

Finally, the two left the bathroom and dressed up.

It was finally time to head back to the Yate realm; there wasn't much time left before Gunter and others would be departing.