Chapter 53: Sweet~

Vritra was having a very comfortable sleep. He was hugging something very soft and warm that felt nice and cool against his body; it had been quite a long time since he felt so comfortable.

Something sweet, tasty, and warm filled his mouth as the creamy fluid flooded in. Vritra subconsciously gulped it all down. There was something soft in his mouth that was releasing all that delicious and sweet fluid.

He pushed his face forward, burying it into something very soft as he began to crave more of that warm liquid in his sleep. Within seconds, he was sucking the small candy like thing that had slowly turned hard inside his mouth. It rested over his tongue, and with each squeeze and suck, more delicious fluid flowed out.

GULP GULP

The warm sensation traveled down his throat and filled his belly. From the taste to the drinking, all of it felt so good that Vritra sucked harder, his tongue lapping continuously at the pink nipple that was releasing waves after waves of hot milk.

Vanessa bit her lip and stifled her moan as she hugged his head tightly, making it easier for him to suckle. As she gazed down at Vritra’s face, peacefully feeding from her boobs, she was reminded of the time he was little, though it felt erotic now.

Vritra’s eyes fluttered, and Vanessa hastily closed hers, pretending to be asleep. As Vritra unconsciously bit her nipple lightly, Vanessa let out a soft moan that finally awoke him.

His eyes opened as he blinked in confusion. There was something warm constantly entering his mouth and flowing down his throat, and even now, his mouth and tongue were working tirelessly on their own at the strange object in his mouth.

He pulled his face back a bit and tried to observe exactly what was happening. Then he froze as he noticed that right now, he was drinking his mother’s milk, and her nipple was filling up his mouth. The whole situation was too bizarre.

’W- What am I doing? How did we end up like this? Is that milk? Wait, why is she lactating?’ Vritra’s mind instantly became a mess. He just stayed still with Vanessa’s nipple in his mouth.

Finally coming to his senses, Vritra pulled his head back as her nipple came out of his mouth with a wet pop sound, leaving behind a strong taste of her sweet milk. The tip of her nipple was still glistening with droplets of her milk.

This sudden motion seemed to have woken up the history’s best actor. Vanessa first looked at Vritra, then down at her chest, and she pretended to be surprised yet didn’t cover up her chest as she asked:

"H- Honey? What were you doing?"

"I- uhh..." Vritra took a deep breath. His mother’s boobs were still right in front of his face. She didn’t move one bit and even seemed to slightly push her nipples forward temptingly while making it seem like she hadn’t done anything.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Seduced +1}

Vritra’s mind became calm. He soon noticed that the milky taste in his mouth seemed quite familiar. Then he sighed and sat up, pulling his arm away from under Vanessa’s head.

Massaging his temples, Vritra spoke in a serious tone:

"Mom, I have been trying not to think about it, but you still keep doing it. If you keep on lying to me, then I wouldn’t even be able to have faith in the only person whom I trust the most.

Do you want me to be wary of you at all times? Even if you don’t have any intentions of hurting me, I don’t like getting lied to. In the end, my only choice would be to go away from you. Do you really want that?"

As Vritra spoke, Vanessa’s face was filled with horror as she sat up hastily. Her heart almost stopped just imagining being separated from her son. Tears welled up in her eyes. It was like something heavy was stuck in her throat suddenly, and she couldn’t speak.

She straightened her clothes and covered her chest, then tilted her head and muttered in a very low voice:

"I am s- sorry, it’s all my fault. The situation became so strange from the start t- that I had no choice but to hide it from you. Please forgive me and never leave me. I will never lie to you again."

Vanessa felt guilt and fear creeping into her heart. She had already been thinking about herself all this time and didn’t consider her son’s feelings. She knew that he would be able to catch on easily, but she couldn’t find any other solutions.

"It’s fine, but tell me everything truthfully now. If you try to lie to me again, then after leaving this kingdom, we would never meet again."

Vritra’s eyes held no emotion as he spoke. His tone made her feel even worse. She had never regretted any of her decisions so badly.

"Y- Yes, I will say everything truthfully." Then taking a deep breath, she began, her voice overflowing with honesty. "You know how I don’t like any person of the opposite gender except you, right?"

Vritra nodded. Vanessa had always disliked all men for reasons related to her childhood trauma—a memory in which her father had killed her mother right in front of her when she was just 15.

"I didn’t lie when I said that my physique is affecting me and I have no control over it. There is this skill that I feared from the start. If I didn’t do anything about it, as time passes, I believe something terrible would happen."

To show her sincerity, she showed him her status window, pointing at a certain skill of hers that would help her greatly but was also a big problem for her.

++++++++++++++++

[MASTER’S CREST]

(Skill Description): Precondition to activate this skill is to find a master and form an eternal bond with him. The longer you take to obtain your master’s crest, the more your mind and body will be infected with lust. If you fail to find a master, then your Succubus Queen physique will become a poison for you...

++++++++++++++++

"Although this physique is very special and could help me become strong faster, it is also a curse. I couldn’t choose any man as my master, and although this is morally wrong, I had no choice but to choose you. After all, you are the only person I love—even if as a mother." Vanessa spoke. She had been very hesitant at first, but when Vritra returned from the dead, she had resolved herself to it.

"..." Vritra remained silent as he read the description. This skill was indeed troublesome. The more time that passed, the more helpless his mother would become, and in the end, it would affect her health.

’Yasmine, is there no way to resolve it? Is finding a master her only choice? Is this normal in the succubus race?’ he asked, while Vanessa waited nervously for him.

"Yes, she has to find a master as soon as possible. With the nature of a Succubus, they can’t live without a partner. Even the Queen of Succubi has to obtain the crest for her to use more than a quarter of her strength and have a long life." Yasmine began to explain.

____________

Thanks for reading...