Chapter 51: Zipppp...

Vritra talked with Vanessa for a while longer and understood her problem. Because of her Succubus physique, her body was acting strangely.

Sometimes even she had no control over her actions—her body released that sweet smell that made even him dazed for a moment. But the biggest problem was that when he was around her, his body was reacting strangely to her.

It was certainly because of the natural effects of her bloodline and physique. Vritra was sure once she got a little stronger, she would be able to control it on her own; but for now, it seemed he would have to take care of his mother.

After spending a couple of hours with his mother, he decided to pay a visit to his slave. Walking out of the castle, Vritra looked at the sky—it was already evening, and the sun had started to set.

"Now, it is time to finally meet your classmates and all the people you believe might have something to do with that attempt at taking your life; still, we have to be a bit careful of the Nine Pacts." Yasmine’s melodic voice sounded in his head. Vritra nodded. He would start from small targets—that is, his classmates.

Once he got involved with stronger people, the game would undoubtedly be much more dangerous. He only needed to send his mother to safety first before going all out.

While planning a few things along with his supportive and encouraging wife, Vritra made his way towards the temple. Even as he walked, he kept earning Sin Points, though the number was low.

After a few minutes, he arrived close to the majestic white temple that looked very beautiful and holy.

Just as he was about to approach the entrance, his ears picked up a high-pitched voice that was singing a really shitty song. Vritra looked to the right side wall of the temple as he saw a shiny bald head.

There was a man in his twenties who was singing and peeing on the temple wall. He was even aiming and making a drawing.

"I am a master... m- m- master... Master disaster, pro and fantast-er,

My father once called me—’You son of a bitch, Can’t you even flip the switch?!’

My mother whipped me with the back of her wig, Screaming at me, ’You’re the lost kid of a darn pig!’

I am a master... m-m-master... master blaster, pro and fantasto—uwahhh!!"

It was none other than Monk Shitless, who was startled when he suddenly heard the sound of footsteps approaching. He pulled up his pants in haste and closed the zip in a hurry—

"Aaaaaaaaaah!!!" A heart-wrenching scream rang out as Monk Shitless fell down and, while holding his crotch, began to roll around. His bull glanced at him and just ignored the monk.

Vritra observed him from a distance for a minute, then shook his head and walked away. He truly was a liar—there was no way someone like that could read fortunes.

"P-Pitiful one? Is that you? Did you come here to help me ease my pain? H-Hurry up and ask the priest to sparkle some holy water on me." Monk Shitless saw Vritra and begged desperately for his help.

’Oh, he recognized me even faster than my mother. This guy’s level is quite low, but it seems he truly isn’t that simple.’ After thinking, Vritra took out a healing potion that he had borrowed from the castle’s inventory and threw it toward the monk before walking away.

"T-Thank you, Pitiful One! You are about to experience something very good. Don’t reject your fate. But be careful of snakes..." Monk Shitless shouted before focusing on his critical injury. The poor man was crying and wiped his snot on the clothes of the guards that came to help him.

Vritra walked into the temple and saw that Diana was sitting on a lavish seat, while lots of people sat on chairs in front of her as they prayed to the god and worshipped Diana.

She was wearing a long white dress that was adorned with beautiful jewels and embroideries. She looked just as pure and beautiful; her milky white skin seemed to be glowing, and she held a proud expression.

He stood at the back of the chairs, attracting several eyes toward him. But as Diana saw him, she was startled, and her arrogant expression changed to helplessness and anger.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

She hastily ended the prayer and walked back toward her room while acting calm. She didn’t want Vritra to create a scene in front of those people. While climbing the stairs, she glanced back and saw that he was no longer there.

’Did he leave? Was it because I was busy? There is no way... so where is he?’ Diana wondered as she arrived in front of her room and pushed open the door.

Then she froze again as she muttered,

"Y-You, when did you get here?!!"

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +1}

Vritra was sitting calmly on the bed, eating a juicy fruit he picked from there. Diana looked around and then entered, closing the door behind her as she approached him and stood silently in front of him.

She knew that her peaceful month had already ended. Almost every night she had the same dream—in which she was sucking his penis and drinking that thick white semen. She felt that he had spoiled her holy and pure body.

"I just came back." Vritra stood up and put the fruit away, then he patted her head and complimented, "You did a great job in taking care of my mother. I will give you a nice reward very soon."

Diana wanted to directly reject his reward, but she remained silent. She stared at his face, wondering if he was really Vritra. He seemed to have changed quite a bit, and now appeared dangerous somehow.

"Oh right, I had something that belonged to you. You should have it back." After speaking, he took out the black box and placed it in front of her.

"Did you manage to solve it?" Diana asked. She was very curious about its content.

"Of course not. Do you think it is so easy?" Vritra shook his head.

"Yes, no one has managed to solve this puzzle—hmmm... does it seem a little light?" Diana wondered as she held the black box.

{Sin Point Gained: Doubted +1}

"It must be your imagination. Anyway, I want you to call a meeting where all my classmates should be summoned tomorrow early in the morning. Did anyone else die among them?" he asked as he sat down on the chair and pulled the goddess’s hand.

"Ahh—" Diana suddenly lost her balance as she landed softly on Vritra’s lap. Her cheeks burned with shame and humiliation, but she sat still, feeling his warmth against her thighs.

{Sin Point Gained: Resentful +1}

He was treating a goddess as he wished, yet Diana could only drink her anger and nod.

"Okay, I will call the meeting. And no, no one else died after that incident in the labyrinth, though a few of the boys had gone out to train with a strong team led by one of the guard commanders." She answered in a low voice, as she wriggled in his lap to find a more comfortable position.

Although she was still filled with defiant feelings, she could accept this much. Unknown to her, she was already getting tamed.

____________

Thanks for reading...