Chapter 765 The All powerful Lord

Thousands of people screamed at once, for a moment they were afraid that they would fall to their death.

But soon they began to notice that they were floating and then noticed that they were no longer in the Yate realm.

It was the Quartz continent?

They all stared at the surroundings in bafflement, this Raldy guy was so powerful that he had teleported them all.

They looked at Raldy, then at his brother who was lying some distance away and finally at Young Lord Art.

He who didn't seem afraid or surprised.

Yes, even if this Raldy bastard was strong, they had Lord Art, who would kill this Raldy in the most gruesome ways.

How dare he curse their ancestors and say such things about their wives.

The dragons were flying high above them, looming dangerously.

Soon the number of people watching this scene had crossed 20,000 and kept increasing rapidly.

The rumours about the powerful brothers coming to the Yate realm had spread outside too but most could not enter the Yate realm.

Now, there were some people hidden in the crowd who were giving out the context of what was happening.

Of course these people were arranged by Rich in advance.

"Now it is time for you all to die-" seeing the hateful gaze of so many people, Raldy laughed like a madman but paused:

"But don't worry my dear, I won't kill you, you are going to be my woman. Tell me if you want me to spare someone." Raldy asked, pausing his hand which was about to rise.

"Uh..." Zira trembled as he spoke to her, she looked at Onest and didn't know what to do.

If she asked him to spare her sons, wouldn't it mean she had agreed to marry Raldy and leave Onest?

But if she said nothing, what if four of her sons got killed?

She was so unsure, but right then Itch rose to his feet, his body shaking.

"B- Brother, these are all innocent people, no matter what I w- will protect them with my life, human life isn't cheap." Itch spoke, while trembling.

His weak yet determined voice touched the hearts of everyone in the crowd, that cute kind boy was standing up for them.

"How can the two brothers be so different? This boy is such a gem, we have to protect him at any cost!!" someone shouted.

"Yes, we can't let him be harmed, he is too pure for this world. I bet that Raldy's mother must have been a bitch too."

Instantly they all were in favour of Itch, who stood against his own brother for these people.

"Tsk tsk stupid to the very end, how did I end up with a brother like you? That's why I killed that pig of a father for breeding with that low class woman and giving birth to a bastard like you, now I am going to kill you."

As soon as Raldy spoke, the crowd burst out in rage.

But before any of them even had a chance to say anything, Raldy's fist burst out with flames, lava flowing down.

BOOOM

Then with a thunderous sound, he struck his younger brother's chest, the hand piercing through his chest and coming out from the back.

Itch coughed out blood, tears rolling down his cheeks, he looked to be in so much pain.

"S- Sorry everyone, COUGH e- even with my Aahhhhhh death, I HUFF HUFF couldn't p- protect you all, f- forgive m..." he couldn't complete his sentence as his body went limp.

The whole place was silent, all eyes fixed on the broken figure who even in his last moment was worried about them.

He was so weak yet for them he sacrificed himself, a flame burst out in the hearts of all the people watching.

They roared out in rage and remorse.

Raldy didn't stop there, he laughed maniacally and tore his brother's head, throwing it down and stepping on it.

Then he tossed the body upwards, as a dragon caught it and swallowed the body.

"This is what happens when you all bastards go against me, this is just the beginning. You know what, I like orphans, and soon I will start liking your kids. Hmm but I am going to kill all your women and keep them as my pets hahahaha"

His laugh reverberated, making them all so angry and upset, poor boy Itch even after his death received such humiliation.

Then Raldy kicked his brother's head and tossed it up, throwing it away into the oblivion.

This sort of disrespect filled them with such intense emotions that Vritra's status panel refreshed rapidly.

Messages kept flashing before his eyes.

This hate was directed towards Raldy but these people had put all their hopes on him.

'Haa So wonderful, I wonder which skill I should upgrade...' Vritra wondered.

Of course this was all set up by the mythic halo, all of this was an illusion.

Rich had already been teleported away by him.

"I am sorry, I couldn't save that boy, but believe in me!! I am going to kill this Raldy, deliver justice and let Itch's soul rest in peace! He will receive a hundred times the humiliation that Itch experienced!!"

"Hahaha with just you? Just a dragon will be enough to kill you." Raldy laughed as more and more people appeared and sin points kept increasing.

"Young Lord Art, we are ready to die with you, this demon bastard needs to be killed!" all the people roared in rage, giving more and more sin points.

"Dragons, attack this young master and tear him apart!" Raldy finally gave the order and the people despite their rage were frightened.

All of them would be killed by just a single breath from one dragon, what could they even do?

They were shaking but just then the symbol of their trust, Art Yates flew up.

His body again covered by red flames, the surroundings bursting with explosive sound.

This scene made the heartbeat of everyone quicken, they were suddenly excited.

Vritra flew towards the first target, making everything as dramatic as possible, people even several kilometres away were amazed.

A large cloud of flames rose as Vritra's punch collided with the huge dragon, in front of which he seemed so little.

BOOOOOOOOM!!

An earth shattering explosion sounded and in front of everyone a scene unfolded that none had expected.

With that single punch, all the other dragons were pushed back while the brown dragon that was hit was blown to pieces.

Blood splattered onto them like rain, as pieces of bones and flesh fell into the surrounding area.

The colossal dragon was torn apart with just a punch?

Just one punch?

There was complete silence for a few moments then people screamed in madness, roaring and feeling triumphant already.

But Vritra didn't stop there, his body twisted in the air as his leg formed a big curve and struck the head of another dragon.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!

An explosion no smaller than before sounded and shockwaves flew in all directions, the head of the dragon just disappeared completely.

Torn to such small pieces, while the remaining body of the dragon flew away.

This was their saviour, this person was going to kill that evil Raldy, they had complete faith in him now!!

{Sin Point Gained: Encouraged +42,345}

{Sin Point Gained: Revered +42,347}

{Sin Point Gained: Blown away +42,851}

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...