Chapter 579 Seed

Maeve began her evolution, while Vanessa and Diana also got to their training, their strength rapidly increasing.

While Fiona, Yasmine, and Teresa decided to absorb the core later on, for now they headed out of their house and towards the north.

The whole place was covered by snow and the air was filled with snow and spores, most people were locked in their houses.

"Husband, in such conditions, most people won't be able to survive, especially mundane people, so…" while flying, Teresa spoke.

"So you want to help them? How?" Vritra asked, he wouldn't mind that if it made her feel better.

"I would need the help of lots of lord ranks, I can handle the rest. But for food…"

Teresa fell silent, quite a lot of food must have gone to waste because of the sudden weather change and the spores.

It wouldn't be easy or plausible to keep feeding everyone, she could handle the heat and the spores but not that.

"That much is enough, I am sure they can take care of the rest themselves and we personally know all the empresses, so controlling them would be easy." Vritra said, the empresses are his wives so controlling everyone in the continent and around would be pretty easy.

Vritra suddenly paused, the three women did the same and looked at him in confusion.

"Hubby, what's wrong?" Yasmine asked.

"I sense there are people ahead, maybe they had gone there to check things up too."

Vritra said, and from what he sensed it was people from one of the organizations who had attacked him during the war.

"Which organization are they from?" Fiona asked, she was always ready for a battle.

"The Divine Kage, there are two of them and judging from their strength, they should be numbered around eighty?"

Vritra said, he should be right unless the level of strength had changed in the Divine Kage.

"Let's go check it."

They flew ahead, and the two men too were heading in the same direction.

It wasn't long before the two noticed the group, they paused and waited.

"Who are you?" their faces were covered by masks and their voices sounded as robotic as before.

"Well well, two new wraiths I am getting now." Vritra saw no point in wasting time or pretending in front of them.

He had already killed the dragon council and turned them all into wraiths, and he would do the same for these men.

The number of guards around his new house was increasing quite quickly.

"What?" With a snap, Vritra trapped the two in a barrier, then his appearance changed to the one before the war.

Horns appeared over his head and demonic presence spread around, startling the two warriors.

"V- Vritra Arclis?!! Reporting back to the headquarters!" one of them spoke, as they both tried to send information back but failed.

"Haha, are you scared yet?" Vritra stretched his arms and took off his coat, then handing it to Yasmine he asked them to move back.

Killing them was too easy but he wanted them to suffer.

"Communication failed, engaging in battle."

The atmosphere around the two suddenly changed, as they took out different weapons and flashed to either side of Vritra.

Their emotionless voices sounded again and the two attacked:

"Nullifying the threat!"

"How weak…" Vritra shook his head, he pointed his finger forward and tapped over the space in front of him.

Faint traces of greenish energy burst out, and cracks formed over the space, spreading quickly towards the two men.

And instantly their bodies were cut into thousands of pieces in a strange way, it was as if they had turned into glass figures and just broken apart.

They tried to heal but failed again, the green energy began to rapidly destroy them even though Vritra barely even used any strength.

After all, it was the core of a level 3 demi god, these Divine Kage were no match.

"Whoa!!" Teresa exclaimed in surprise, truly impressed by his strength.

Fiona and Yasmine just smiled, for them, Vritra was the best at anything and everything.

"Do you feel fear yet?" Vritra's chilling voice rang out, and the pieces of their bodies started to tremble.

Their robotic voices sounded again: "Failed to kill the threat, escaping."

Vritra just laughed, as he watched the two trying to run away, they were shivering in fear.

"Knight—" Vritra then paused, remembering that Knight was still undergoing the transformation, so he spoke again:

"Hellmancer, go and scare our new wraiths a bit and then bring them to me."

"Yes, master…" Hellmancer nodded, and flew towards their escaping body parts.

"Let's go."

Vritra said as they continued on their journey, previously Divine Kage, whose members are even stronger than all the lords, were too strong for Vritra.

But now they posed no threat at all.

As they flew further into the north, the cold began to increase, the snowfall was even heavier.

Everything was covered by snow.

Vritra even saw a small village of demons frozen up.

A few other small villages were also seen, beasts and all others in this region had frozen to their deaths.

Flowing warm air over his hand, Vritra paused as he finally arrived at what appeared to be the centre of all changes.

He sensed the biggest turbulence from there, buried deep in the snow, there was a white translucent stone.

"Hmm, stay back, let me check this." Vritra said as he landed, his feet instantly sinking into the snow.

He moved forward and with a release of some energy all the surrounding snow disappeared.

And finally, the white stone was more visible.

"So, this really is not a natural change. But it doesn't seem the demons or the Twilight were behind this."

Vritra thought and touched the cold surface and sensed something pulsating inside it.

Curious, he punched it.

BANG

But aside from slight faint lines, the stone was actually able to handle the punch.

Vritra used all his strength, even using some of his mana and a tiny bit of the green mana, and punched again.

BOOOOOOM!!

A sonic boom resounded all around, the snow all around was thrown away.

And the stone finally cracked, its pieces flying in all directions.

And what was revealed was a strange large black cocoon of some sort.

Its surface seemed to be made of rough skin, and it was thumping constantly as if alive.

"Is this a living creature?" Vritra frowned, he couldn't sense much from it.

He made a blade from Goop and tried slashing at it but even such a powerful blade couldn't do anything.

With the same amount of force, he punched again.

BOOOOOM!!

But aside from faint tremors, nothing happened to the mass of flesh.

"Divine?" Vritra could only get such answers from one person.

"This is a seed, it is planted in every planet that's about to go through trials. And yes, this is the reason for the sudden climate change." Divine answered.

"A seed? What will it do? Tell me more about it." Vritra asked.

"The seeds for all planets are different and controlled by the gods, it won't react if you win the trial but if you lose, it will be the thing that will destroy your planet.

Anyway, the seed's main functionality starts after the game begins." Divine explained.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...