Chapter 425: Exposed!

"Now, let’s not waste any more time and continue with the game. Kill those demons in human skin, these fucking monsters!!" Vritra said loudly as the place once again got filled with cheers and screams.

***

The game continued for hours, and by the end of the day, the number of people had reached nearly twenty thousand.

There were a few breaks in the midst, and Vritra kept adding more twists to keep the public entertained.

As the sky started to turn dark, Vritra finally ended the game for the day. The public didn’t seem to want to leave yet, but knowing that it would continue the next day, all of them left excitedly.

Over a hundred zombies had been killed, some bandits were killed too, many received injuries, so the stock of the subjects had gone down.

And to make it more interesting for the next day, Vritra needed more of the subjects.

"Make sure to come again tomorrow, it will be even more fun with more subjects and more money!!" Vritra announced as the crowd had just started to move.

"Hoo, that was really fun and a bit tiring." Maeve said as she slumped onto Vritra’s back, hugging him tightly.

"You did great today, and those demons of yours too, but for tomorrow’s game, I need more subjects."

Caressing her hands, Vritra mumbled while the others packed up things and cleaned off everything.

He had already stored the subjects inside his books of dimensions, slowing their bodies greatly so time would actually pass faster outside, but they would have some time to rest.

"Oh, so we need to find more subjects, well that’s not a problem."

Maeve let go as Vritra turned to face her, then she took out a glyph from her inventory.

"That’s a communication glyph." Yasmine said.

Recently, she hadn’t been able to spend more time with Vritra, she really wanted to come out.

’Is that a one-time use item?’ he questioned.

"No, it can be used for a long time." Yasmine answered.

"And who do you plan to contact with that?" Vritra’s gaze finally moved from the glyph to Maeve.

"Crow." After speaking, she lightly squeezed the glyph and inserted her energy.

After a few moments, the annoyed face of Crow became visible like a holographic projection.

"You again, what do you want to ask now?" Crow questioned, glancing at Vritra and Maeve.

"We are in the Cloud City, tell us the location of the bases of dark organizations around here." She questioned.

"Ughh, you are making me lose so much money, any outsider would need to pay a lot to get such information, tch..."

After venting his anger, Crow finally began to tell the locations.

Just inside the Cloud City, there were various bases from the Nine Pacts, Bone Blood Cult, and many other organizations.

"Alright, thanks." Right after getting the info, she cut the communication and put the glyph away.

"If you had that, then why did you bring me there the last time?" Vritra asked curiously.

"Crow is stubborn, but now seeing you with me the last time, he won’t sell any information about you, and you could also get any information from him."

Maeve explained, not to mention he also got to see the base of the World Information Centre.

"I see, anyway, let’s go do some hunting. It will also help me clear up some trash." Vritra said as the two disappeared.

After collecting enough sin points, the first thing he planned to do was to increase his Field comprehension. Only after that would he think of doing anything else.

...

The sky had turned completely dark.

Two figures appeared inside a few bases of the dark organizations, and without letting anyone even make a sound, all the people disappeared completely.

One base of Nine Pacts, one base of Bone Blood Cult, and two bases of other dark organizations were completely emptied and destroyed.

Vritra kept them all in his dimensional book, freezing the time for them all. When waking up, they all would find themselves inside the arena.

After doing the whole work, Vritra and Maeve flew back towards their hotel. Since even the owner of the hotel was captured, several rooms became empty there.

Stopping in the middle, they ate food together and finally came back into the rooms.

"Master, I know this game and torture is fun and all, but is there a reason behind putting on this show? Are you planning to do something big? Destroy the entire continent?"

Maeve asked, gently carding her fingers through Vritra’s hair as his head rested on her lap.

"Yeah, there is indeed a reason, something I will tell you very soon. But I can tell you that if I get more attention, then I could grow faster." Vritra answered vaguely.

"Hmm..." Maeve knew that Vritra was still reluctant to be completely open with her, but she was happy just knowing that he was giving her a chance.

This was by far the happiest period of her life, and throwing it all away, she wanted to be his bride and stay at home with him.

At the thought of something so dreamlike, the demoness felt a flutter in her stomach, making her feel oddly light and giddy.

"Oh right, you have a way to contact your brother, right?" Vritra questioned, gazing up at her face.

"Yeah, I do. Do you want to talk to him?"

Maeve replied, leaning her head forward as her smooth long hair fell onto his face, spreading a sweet fragrance.

"No. Anyway, Foxie, how is your relationship with your brother?" Vritra questioned, gently tugging her hair behind her ear.

"Well, I would say pretty bad, why? Do you wish to use him in your plans somehow?" Maeve said. She could somewhat understand why he could be asking.

"Yeah, he might die, so..."

"It’s fine, we might have grown up together, but if you want to kill him, then it is okay. We aren’t all that close anyway. Anything for you, master~"

Maeve said as she leaned down and gave a soft kiss onto Vritra’s lips.

After a moment, she pulled back and asked softly, "Can we practice it again, master? I think I need more lessons on kissing..."

Smiling, Vritra got up and pushed the fox demon down as he began to devour her lips, the two losing themselves in the passion.

Vritra had started to trust Maeve quite a lot already; after all, the sin messages wouldn’t lie, and all the feelings she displayed were true.

On the contrary, her feelings seemed even stronger than what she actually showed.

Whenever Maeve was around, the sin point messages like ’Stared at’, ’Watched’, and such would keep on popping.

The fox demon was really ready to throw everything, even her status, strength, and loyalty, just so she could be with him.

Vritra hugged her tightly as the two lovingly and passionately kissed, their lips overlapping and their tongues intertwined. Moving from one mouth to another, their bodies pressed tightly.

Despite the love brewing, Vritra still didn’t go all the way with her because of a few reasons.

After he was done with the trouble and the deaths of some people in the Voromir Kingdom, could he truly welcome her properly into his family.

***

[D-Day 13]

As the sky brightened and the new day started, various changes happened across different places.

Darius was quite pleased with the outcome and Vritra’s planning. It had solved a big problem for him, and now he could safely focus on other things.

The people had finally calmed down, knowing that everything wasn’t lost. The Golden Moon was still protecting them, and the evil was being punished.

The news had spread far and wide through dozens of cities on the continent.

As more and more people began to move towards the Cloud City to witness it all and participate—some for money, some for entertainment, and some for the sense of justice.

If he had some free time, then he might have gone to that arena himself.

On the other hand, Yennefer, who had been searching for Vritra, was sure that if there was such a thing happening, then Vritra would definitely be a part of it.

So, she too rushed towards the Cloud City. She wanted to be a part of his life once again at any cost and also warn him of the extreme dangers.

...

Inside the arena, Vritra stood at the center of the fighting area and just gazed at the crowd. He was quite surprised.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +72,452}

{Sin Point Gained: Urged +72,452}

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +72,439}

...

The number of people right at the start was already so high; this excited Vritra greatly. His show was a hit, it seemed.

Though it was no surprise, he had added every flavor the public loved to the extreme.

"Master, I have called for more demons, so don’t you worry, we will handle the crowd properly. And I have already gotten all the glyphs exactly as you wanted them to be."

Maeve reported through the communication glyph.

"Good job, now just sit and enjoy the show, this will be even more spectacular than yesterday." Vritra spoke, then a figure appeared beside him.

It was none other than Ziggy, the fat demon pig who had already healed from the previous day’s injuries and exhaustion.

"Yo, Ziggy, how are you doing?" Vritra asked, his lips curling up, and before the pig demon could start his usual begging, he added,

"Be ready, since today’s challenges are going to be even more dangerous."

Unbeknownst to the public, a great exposure of someone’s true identity was about to unfold in the arena within minutes, one that would fill them all with immense rage.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...