Chapter 147: Angry Goddess?

"Mom, go back." Vritra said without turning, as he stood in front of the twins. One was screaming in agony while the other was frozen in shock and fear.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Cared for +1}

Vanessa sighed and nodded; she didn’t really care what happened to the twins, but she didn’t want Vritra to get into trouble because of these two bugs.

{Sin Point Gained: Feared +2}

Under the terrified gazes of the twins, Vanessa walked away without a care in the world. She supported her son in whatever he wanted; even if it was to slaughter everyone in this new world. After all, no one else mattered to her more than him.

Vanessa walked away, but the guards had heard the screams of the boy who had fallen to his knees and was crying while clutching his severed arm. They were shocked at first—no one could just cause trouble inside the castle—and it seemed to be a fight between the heroes from another world.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +28}

Several guards hastily ran forward to stop the fight. The twins were one of the best candidates, while Vritra seemed to have a very good relationship with the goddess, so they couldn’t choose sides. Their only task was to stop the fight.

But before the guards could arrive, Vritra continued with his beating.

"What were you saying?" He looked at Taro and asked, while lots of dust flooded into Paro’s mouth, making him suffocate as his eyes turned blood red.

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +2}

"I– I was wrong, s– stop it. H– Help me someone." Taro screamed, but Vritra just shot the dust sword forward. It pierced through Taro’s chest and pinned him to the wall, and his screams were muffled by the dust too.

"Sigh. Even if I don’t do anything, why is trouble always around me? These shitty pieces of garbage, why were you in such a hurry to die when you could have survived just by staying shut?" Vritra cursed before forming another sword and sending it flying towards Paro.

The other boy was pinned to the ground as the sword pierced through his back.

"Stop that, you can’t kill them." Several guards finally arrived. They looked at the twins with aggrieved expressions—they might get punished for not solving the situation properly.

But there was still hope. If the twins could survive...

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +30}

"Just come with us. I am sure you will be fine with the connection you have with the goddess." Another guard said. They had to arrest Vritra for the act, even if just as a formality.

"Hoo... Get lost." Vritra released a long breath before speaking to the guards. Then he gazed at the twins and said: "Very soon, Max will be arriving to meet you up there."

{Sin Point Gained: Frozen +2}

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +2}

Paro and Taro watched in horror. Immense pain was coursing through their bodies, yet they couldn’t even let out a single word.

"No, don’t!! Stoopppppp—" The guards were baffled as Vritra paid them no attention, and in the next moment, the bodies of the twins—with terror in their eyes—exploded with dust.

Pieces of their flesh and blood flew everywhere. All the guards were frozen at the gruesome sight.

{Sin Point Gained: Enraged +32}

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +32}

"H– How dare you?" The guards were filled with anger. Despite their warnings, Vritra just went ahead and killed them both.

"Guards, arrest him. We can’t let a criminal walk around." The guard commander arrived and ordered.

{Sin Point Gained: Glared at +33}

"Sigh. Just take care of the corpses. Why do you want to join them and make someone else do the same for you?" Vritra shook his head. He didn’t plan to kill every single guard—many of them were innocents who were just doing their work.

But some were from the third group when they had gone to the labyrinth. In that group, a few people like their teacher Mia had died. So he decided to set an example and scare the other guards away by killing them—though he knew this would only make the situation more messy.

Forming a long whip of dust, Vritra swung it before the others had the chance to attack. With lightning-fast speed, it flashed in the air and in the next moment, four heads hit the ground with a thud before rolling around.

{Sin Point Gained: Terrified +35}

"G– Gather everyone, he’s gone crazy!"

Just as Vritra had expected, these guards weren’t going to stop despite seeing the power difference. As more guards approached, a cold voice descended from not far away.

"What do you all think you are doing?" The goddess hovered in the air as she gazed down at the mortals, her eyes filled with arrogance.

"G– Goddess? He killed the twins and many guards, we have to—" the guard commander began to explain.

"Shut up. So what if he killed the twins and a few of you? His life is way more important than all of yours combined. Do you think you could do anything even if the entire army attacked?

You lowly guards, just do the cleaning and return to your work. Of course, if you still have justice left in your heart, then I will personally pull that heart out to reward it and hang your body outside the castle so others can learn from you."

Diana said, her eyes glazing with fire. She cursed these stupid guards who thought they amounted to anything.

"..." All the people were bewildered. They never thought that the graceful and holy goddess could ever say words like that. All of them gulped in fear and lost all motivation.

Vritra had sent a signal to Diana earlier, sending a small dust bird to fly towards her which delivered his message.

{Sin Point Gained: Feared +47}

"Let’s go." Diana nodded at Vritra. Probably only she knew how terrifying he really was; but even she wasn’t sure just how much of his strength he was hiding.

And so the lives of the guards were saved. After the two had left, they looked at one another and soon got to work and began to clean the place.

...

"Is everything ready?" Vritra asked in an emotionless tone.

"Almost, but it will be by night time." Diana answered respectfully. By now, she had accepted her role as his personal maid. So what if she is a goddess? Vritra is certainly something far more terrifying—what’s the shame in following someone like that?

{Sin Point Gained: Craved +1}

Not to mention that sweet sweet—cough!

"How many paths are there that lead to the Blue Kingdom?" Vritra asked.

"There are two main paths. One is direct and shorter, and the other is a bit longer, and we would be spending a few more days on the journey... and there is one more through the forest, which is equal to the direct path but more dangerous." She answered, before asking:

"Do you wish to make some changes to it?"

"No, we will be using the direct way. It wouldn’t make a difference. Moving through the forest just makes it easier to locate us." Vritra said after thinking for a moment.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...