Chapter 507: Into the Dragon Kingdom

Near the outer perimeter, two dragons in human like form yawned while flying around on their usual patrol duty.

No one really attacked this realm so this was the easiest and most boring job.

Even the demons wouldn’t enter.

"Sigh hey, have you heard, our emperor is soon going to marry." The first guard spoke, rubbing his head.

"I did hear the rumours, who is he going to marry anyway? Some dragon lady or from another race?" the second guard questioned.

"With how low his reputation is, you believe any dragon would want to marry him? Of course he would have to scam some other lesser race, using the dragons’ overall power as backing." Answered the first.

"Guessed it, so who is he going to marry?"

"I heard he will be participating in that coming marriage trial of the Ford family and had sent marriage offers to various ladies."

The two continued to gossip.

A figure appeared before them suddenly, they glanced at him lazily and paused.

"Is Dago in the palace?" Vritra questioned casually.

"Yes, he is hidden in the palace, it wouldn’t be hard to find him once you enter." The second guard answered, yawning again.

"Okay thanks, enjoy your shift." Vritra said before flying into the dragon realm.

"Huh? Did something happen? Oh right, like I was saying, even that fat woman from Star family had rejected him, can you believe it? Hahaha that fat woman, even she tsk tsk"

The laughter of the two rang out.

Vritra paused upon entering the dragon realm, as he took in the majestic sight.

There were big statues, well built big houses, the whole place was quite beautiful.

"Wow, this place looks beautiful."

The dragons were flying in the air, the sky was full of different colours, it was such a great scene.

"Yeah it still looks quite similar to when I last saw it." Yasmine appeared outside, after so many years she was back to her home.

She looked at the statues of her parents, her mother and father’s statues stood just beside her own statue.

Seeing them, she suddenly felt sad.

"Wifey, let’s go." Vritra extended his hand, looking tenderly at her.

Yasmine took in a deep breath, then she smiled and took his hand.

"So where is your room?" Flying towards the centre, where Vritra could clearly see the biggest and most magnificent building, he asked.

"I am not even sure if my stuff still would be in my room, not to mention if my room even stands now?" Yasmine said, most things were still the same but many things had changed as well.

Dragons live a very very long life, so a few years weren’t much for them, still these past few years had been like centuries for her.

First, she got to the lowest of her life, and finally met her beloved husband, her soulmate.

"Look, that is the arena where I killed a demon for the first time."

"And that mountain, my father used to bring me there every once in a while when I was young. There is a beautiful fountain, let’s go there together."

Yasmine couldn’t stop as she excitedly pointed at various things and kept telling him about her life.

She was really happy that Vritra was finally knowing all that about her.

Before long, the two had arrived near the palace.

"Looks like Dago had broken our original palace and built a new one, we will have to ask him where he had put all my stuff first." Yasmine said, she couldn’t sense it, which meant the Dago must have hidden it all away.

"Let’s go then." Vritra landed on the ground, as Yasmine disappeared for the time being.

The entire palace was made of gold and some shiny red metal, with intricate patterns which resembled Dago’s dragon form.

He was quite self obsessed it seemed, so the humiliation must have been detrimental for him.

All the dragons passing by looked at him and ignored, his skill Lost was really wonderful.

Pausing one of the men, he questioned: "Where is Dago?"

"Oh the emperor, you can find him locked in his chamber, if you go straight from here and then take two rights and three left, you will find it." The man answered calmly.

As Vritra walked away, he scratched his head and wondered what just happened.

...

Sitting over his bed, Dago was holding dozens of spears, and in front of him, there were dozens upon dozens of Vritra’s images drawn over a wall.

"KILL KILL KILL! I am going to kill you, how dare you ruin everything!!"

BANG

He threw the spear as another hole appeared in the wall.

Dago could no longer show his face to anyone, even the servants laughed upon seeing him.

Not to mention, someone actually found a clip of the entire war, and in that they cut the part of Dago getting beat up and treated as a weapon and spread it.

Since most people had died, Dago felt everything would be fine, since the survivors wouldn’t go out of their way to spread news of him.

And even if someone like Red did, who would believe such rumours.

Now though, everything was over.

"I will find every person related to him, I will bring the entire dragon army and slaughter every single one of them. If only he was still alive then... then I would..."

"You would do what if he were still to be alive?" a voice sounded beside him.

"I will crush him, cut him to pieces, torture him, feed him off to beasts, I will slaughter his family in fron—" but as his rage subsided, Dago paused, and wondered who had spoken.

He had ordered everyone not to enter.

As he looked to the side, he saw a devilishly handsome guy leaning against the door frame, arms crossed over his chest.

"Who are you?!!" Dago’s rage bubbled over, he couldn’t even marry anyone anymore.

While previously, he was flooded with marriage proposals, even from the big five families but he ignored them all in his arrogance.

Yet now, even the worst sort of woman wouldn’t agree to marry him.

"You didn’t recognize me? Haa and here you were talking big about killing me and whatnot." Vritra shook his head.

Then Yasmine appeared beside him, looking at her cousin with a faint smile.

"Long time no see, cousin, I heard you had been quite miserable recently. Honestly, this news made me laugh." Yasmine said with a chuckle.

"Y- Y- Yasmine? How are you still alive? Didn’t you die along with that demon— huh what? Wait then, i- is he really Vritra?" the dragon emperor jumped off his bed, staring at the face of his biggest enemy, his nightmare.

’It is him, it really is him!! How is he still alive, how come he didn’t die even after receiving the god’s punishment?’

Dago wondered but this was for the better, he can now kill his greatest adversary with his own hand.

"How did you survive? Well it doesn’t matter, a demon like you must have used some wrong way to resurrect yourself.

But this time, after I kill you, you wouldn’t even want to come back to life." Dago said angrily but after a moment remembered why he actually hated Vritra.

’Wait, what if he is still just as powerful? He beat me up so easily before, but maybe he lost his strength after dying, something like Yasmine maybe...’

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...