Chapter 107: The drawing

"S- Sir, no one was planning to kill you." The dragon masked man said.

"Oh, you mean I heard wrong? You want to say I am crazy and deaf? You mean I am disabled? You want to say my future is ruined?" Vritra crossed his arms as he spurted out gibberish and watched the sin points rolling in.

"Wh- What?!! No, definitely not, sir! I didn’t mean any of that. I want to say I am at your command, and you can order me to do w- whatever it is you want." The dragon mask spoke hastily, he was quite panicked. Anyone would rather commit suicide than feel all that.

"..."

Vritra decided to stop the nonsense and get started with the search for the next door, but then he noticed that Number One’s screams had become less loud.

He gazed at his body and saw that with his regeneration speed, although his limbs weren’t growing back, the bleeding had almost stopped and he wouldn’t be dying anytime soon—at least not because of those injuries.

’How damn persistent. Like a disgusting cockroach. Heh, well that only makes it more fun to cut him apart again and again.’ Vritra smiled as he walked back toward Number One, who was horrified once again but still could only release unrecognizable noises.

SWISH

Pulling out the sword from his belly, Vritra muttered:

"Forbid: Regeneration."

[Forbidden Activated.]

And Number One’s healing stopped instantly. Then Vritra slashed the sword, his speed slow to make it feel as painful as possible. The first slash landed on his face, leaving behind a gruesome cut, as both his eyeballs were slashed in two and he screamed and rolled frantically.

Then Vritra made several long and slightly deep cuts on his belly before shrugging the blood off the sword and putting it back into his inventory.

’What a pity that I don’t gain experience points by killing humans. But why is that the case? I am now a dragon, so shouldn’t I receive points by killing a human?’

Vritra questioned as he walked away from the screaming and crying Number One. The strong and arrogant man had been reduced to this state in such a short time—all because he indirectly messed with the wrong person.

"The division isn’t like that. It’s either evil or good or just other creatures in existence. Like on one side are the demons and on the other side are humans and some other races. So even as a dragon, you can’t get points by killing humans.

Not to mention your origin is still that of a human, which is almost impossible to erase unless you can return back from the dead. Well, it’s not that simple. As you kill more, you will slowly come to understand it all," Yasmine explained.

’If you kill a human, will you receive experience points?’ Vritra asked after a moment.

"Not really, but demons are different. They get experience points even if they kill others like them. That’s why they grow strong much faster and have such a large population. Sigh." Yasmine answered.

Vritra nodded in understanding. He was yet to meet the proper demons—the ones he had met and killed were only from that labyrinth. They were real, but not at the same time.

"Now all of you are going to look around those caves. Each one will enter a different one and look as far as you can travel. Try to find anything abnormal.

Once you find it, come back immediately to report. Otherwise, you would die an even worse death than him. Also, you have the time until Number One is dead," Vritra announced.

All the people nodded hastily, but they still seemed reluctant, afraid of being killed by entities like BOB.

"Sigh. And don’t worry, there is no danger now, so go right now."

As he spoke again, all the people ran hastily towards different openings and soon disappeared inside.

Vritra sat there as he controlled the dust and attached it to everyone’s body to track their locations and even see faint activities through it. He needed to make sure that none of them slacked off or hid something from him.

Only one person aside from Vritra remained there— it was Monk Shitless, who was sitting on his bull.

"Thank you for saving me earlier, pitiful one. And just as promised, I will help you too."

While speaking, he jumped off the bull and walked closer to Vritra. Then he took out a paper and pen and began to draw something on it.

Then he showed it to Vritra and spoke: "This is the spot that you need to find. Just activate the key there and you will reach your destined place."

Vritra looked at the strange drawing. Inside two large circles, there were dozens of what seemed to be dancing humans—or were they dogs?

He had never put too much hope in this monk, so after a quick glance, Vritra nodded, not asking anything.

"Then this Monk Shitless will be going out to search as well. Goodbye for now, pitiful one. Also, be prepared for the battle to come."

After speaking, Monk Shitless kicked his bull and ran into one of the caves.

"He is always muttering something strange. What exactly is the case with him?" Yasmine wondered.

He wasn’t just a madman, that’s for certain. The few things he had said to Vritra had later made sense.

"So what now? How long do I have to wait? This is kinda boring. BOB and BOBBY, go out and search for something too. Also, try not to kill those people for now."

He commanded, as the two balls that were reaching up to his waist rotated and then went into different directions at full speed.

And so Vritra’s wait began...

One hour... two hours... three hours...

Just like that, over twelve hours had passed, but the search remained fruitless. There were thousands of caves, but despite going through most of them, not a single person was able to locate anything that was out of the ordinary.

Vritra felt a headache. If possible, he didn’t want to waste too much time here; after staying away from his mother, he had started to get really worried about her.

He preferred fighting over such puzzling tests. Despite having over eleven thousand slaves, the result was a failure.

By now, even with his high level, Number One lay dead on the ground; his body in very bad shape. Thankfully, there were no flies or other creatures here to eat his body, so it would be rotting right there for a long time.

"Sigh. All of you are so useless that you weren’t able to find any clue at all? Is there really a need to keep you alive?" Vritra spoke, his voice sounding low yet deafening.

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +11,002}

"Tch. Looks like the two famous organizations are all dogshit—"

While Vritra was cursing the two groups, he paused suddenly at the bizarre thing happening in front of him.

At nearly the same time, blood began to trickle down the noses of all eleven thousand people, while their eyes had started to turn red. They themselves didn’t seem to have noticed their own condition.

All of them stood calmly—no pain, no groans, nothing.

As if they were completely unaware of the sudden change.

____________

Thanks for reading...