Chapter 638 The Intelligent Mutant

"Let's set a grave for him here."

The sky was already turning bright, after landing on the ground, they formed a grave right beside the bridge.

Vritra carved Shitless's name on the wood, and created the grave.

"…" after lingering there for a few moments, they turned and started to walk towards the new city.

Getting closer to their goal.

Vritra swore to find Butcher and torture him to his death.

"Let's find a building to rest, we will get sick if we continue." Vritra said in a low emotionless voice.

They walked away, before long finding a residential building.

But seeing its condition, it seemed to be full of mutants.

"Honey, let's clear a floor and rest in a room here." Vanessa said.

The snowfall had already stopped, but the accumulated snow was already quite high.

Moving towards the building, they decided to find a room on the fifth floor, staying too low could also be dangerous.

With Vritra's current strength, such weak mutants posed no threat.

The group killed the mutants and soon arrived at the 5th floor, they went through the few apartments.

There were no survivors on this floor.

Onest took the apartment opposite to Vritra's, giving them some alone time.

He too was feeling terrible, Shitless and he had been together for so long now.

With a dejected look, he changed up and lay on the bed, closing his eyes to sleep.

In the other apartment, they took bath and changed into another set of warm clothes.

Thankfully their attributes were high enough that no one fell ill despite falling into that freezing water.

"Let's eat together, I will call Onest over." Vritra said, walking out of the apartment.

"Okay, we will get the food ready." The goddess said, as they got busy.

Even the tasty and warm food didn't lift their mood, a feeling of urgency to grow stronger rose in their hearts.

'Divine, is there nothing I can do to bring Shitless back?' Vritra asked, divine was his last option.

"Haa I had informed you already, anyone who dies here could never be brought back. Just continue your journey, your goal is far more important than one life. It will be fine, don't worry."

The divine said, as if he doesn't really care about this matter.

'…' Vritra thought he would help, after all Shitless was helping his sister, but maybe even divine's strength was limited.

Sighing again, he absent mindedly glanced at his status panel, Vritra had killed quite a lot of mutants earlier in the water.

{Sin Points: 6,839}

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 42.9)

(Agility: 49.8)

(Endurance: 44.9)

(Spiritual: 29.4)

{Free Attribute: 6}

』

'My agility is close to fifty, I wonder if there will be any big changes after this bottleneck?' he wondered.

After eating, they rested for a while.

Vritra lay over the bed with his wives, just then he heard a faint knock on the door.

He frowned, upon sensing the presence, it didn't seem to be Onest.

'Did a mutant come from the upper floors?' without disturbing his sleeping wives, he got off the bed and silently approached the door.

Taking out a machete he looked through the peep hole while maintaining some safe distance.

And just as he thought, it indeed seemed to be a mutant.

It was covered in strange green vines, looking disgusting with its skin red as an apple.

'Looks like it's a mutant with high intelligence.' Vritra unlocked the door and swung the machete, aiming to cut its head off in one fluid motion without giving it any time.

"Kiyaaaaaa PITIFUL ONEEEE, ITS ME SHITLESSSSSS!!" The mutant suddenly screamed, jumping back in haste.

'What a cunning mutant, how did it even know Shitless? It could even make same noise and expression?' Vritra paused for a moment, then became even firm in his decision.

He can't let such smart mutant live, how could Shitless be alive after that.

He swung the machete again.

"W- Wait, it's me, Shit Sonia? Remember, I used to pee on the temples. Ughh cough I am Shitless!!" the mutant shouted.

Vritra paused, looking doubtfully at him.

"What is your favourite activity?" with a dubious expression he asked.

"S- Spreading evil, and going on rides with Bullo!!" the mutant answered, both its hands raised in fear.

The others woke up by the commotion and were shocked to see the mutant resembling Shitless.

"What?!! Did Shitless turn into a mutant or is it a mutant pretending to be Shitless?" Onest ran out and looked flabbergasted.

"This mutant is pretending to be Shitless." Vritra said, staring at the red creature, the blade inches away from its throat.

"I am real, this is Shitless!!" the mutant seemed really afraid.

"Hmm really? Then answer me, what happened when we were destroying that one temple with that big moustache priest?" Onest asked doubtfully.

"M- My ass was set on fire, a- and I rubbed the flames off to you. We almost became torches!" the mutant answered, honesty dripping from its face.

"No that's an easy question, recite the 29 times table?" Onest said, sternly.

"H- Huh? T- Twenty nine uh…" the mutant struggled.

"Forget it, here is a simpler question: If 29 zombies each bite 29 people, and each person then bites 29 more, how many people are turning into zombies?" Onest asked seriously.

"You mugger bastard, what kind of questions are these? Get your ass bit and check." The mutant cursed.

"Oh you want to bite my ass? Pfftt… hahaha" Onest could no longer hold back his laughter, pulling the wet Shitless into a tight hug.

Vritra too put away the machete, his heart finally feeling at ease. He had forgotten that Shitless could always return from the impossible situations, he somehow always survives.

"Are you alright? Why do you look like this? How did you survive and find us?" Vritra asked a lot of questions, hugging Shitless before moving back and looking him up and down.

"Haa I turned into Sonia and somehow that mutant threw me out with its poop, somehow my body became like that." While shivering Shitless explained.

"All mutants actually ignored me, they too believed I am a zombie. As for finding you, I just saw your tracks. Now that the snowfall has stopped, it wasn't difficult." Shitless said proudly, he used his brain after so long.

"Thank you." Yasmine walked forward and said earnestly, she was happy that he was alive and back.

"Haha Sister, don't worry, I am not easy to kill." Shitless chuckled, lightly punching his chest.

Vritra didn't really care much about how he survived, he was just happy that he was back.

The mood of the group was once again lifted up. Shitless took a bath and changed clothes, he wrapped himself into several layers of blanket and even while eating.

"Oh right while coming here I saw a tomb, guess what, someone here actually has same name as me!!" Shitless exclaimed, he never thought he would share his name with someone, much less a dead person.

"Yeah maybe that was your soulmate, sadly you didn't go up to meet that person." Vritra sighed, although he felt better now, a big weight lifted off his chest.

But his anger towards that group has not decreased in the slightest.

Before leaving this city, he planned to find them and kill those bastards.

But for now, he allowed himself to relax.

❖❖❖