Chapter 174: Rich

The empress was in a red dress, her figure looking graceful with such perfect curves. Her face was hidden behind a veil, but what little bit of her skin was visible looked creamy and beautiful like jade.

The empress’s long blue hair swayed in the air as she flew through the protective walls of countless guards. She swept her gaze through the crowd, but at one point her gaze lingered on someone a second longer before she continued to fly forward.

In the crowd, Vritra tensed up as the empress’s blue pupils locked onto him for just an instant. He only relaxed after she had moved a bit further away.

A cold and deadly aura did seem to linger around her body. Vritra barely got to see her because of his nervousness before she flew away.

"W- Whoa!! Did you just see that? The empress just looked at me, I- I am shivering, I can’t believe this. This is the greatest moment of my life!!" the middle-aged man next to Vritra was going crazy as he shouted and jumped.

"Let’s go now." Vritra said, as he led Fiona out of the crowd. She could feel that he seemed to be tensed up because of something, and she gave a light squeeze to his hand and smiled.

’I knew it, even standing there was a bad decision. Wifey, do you think she found out that I am a demon? Did she see through my disguise?’ Vritra asked. There was no way he could fight someone of her level just yet.

"Sigh, I knew it, you indeed are a trouble magnet, hubby. She most probably didn’t know that you are a demon or you might already be dead.

But you did attract her attention, maybe she saw through your disguise, but since you have a dragon bloodline she didn’t recognize you. Anyway, it’s better that we got out of that much easier than I thought.

I guess she will be going to get the inheritance now, and after that, she will just leave this kingdom, so I don’t think we will even see her again." Yasmine said in a pondering tone, but she couldn’t have been more wrong about the last part.

Vritra and Fiona decided to check out a sweets shop. He already relaxed because of Yasmine’s words and his redhead lover’s soothing presence. They walked around the market, and Fiona even bought several things like clothes, accessories, jewelry, and so on.

They spent a few hours together. All the people were only talking about the empress. They even seemed to have forgotten about the competition that would be taking place the next day.

They bought food for everyone and returned to the hotel as it began to turn dark. Then all of them gathered in Vanessa’s room and began to eat together.

"Did you two see the empress? I heard there was a big commotion outside." Diana asked, eyes full of curiosity.

"Yeah, we saw her fly earlier. She appears as charming as the rumors say, there was something special about her presence. No wonder she caught the attention of the man who rules over all humans, all the kingdoms and continents." Fiona said, remembering the moment when she saw the empress.

"..." Vritra didn’t even want to remember that scene. For a moment he really felt she was about to rush toward him and kill him right there.

The three continued to talk for a while, then Fiona and Diana returned to their rooms as it got late, while Vritra stayed with Vanessa.

The pair of mother and son slept together, finding comfort in each other’s arms.

As dawn broke, the streets became crowded though nowhere near as much as the previous day. Still, thousands of young men were rushing towards the competition venue. Their families were coming along to support them and watch them fight.

The competition won’t end in a single day since there were just too many participants. On the first day, the highest number of participants would be eliminated. Only around a thousand would be left out of more than twenty thousand young men.

Then the competition would continue for a few more days until they get a final winner.

Vritra walked beside the three gorgeous women, all of whom were wearing veils but still looked radiantly beautiful. He kept getting sin points from all the men who were envious of him, especially the young folks.

The group of four made their way towards the large competition venue. It was being held in a large arena—or it rather seemed to be a coliseum.

The spectators were heading inside through the first gate, so Vritra separated from the three women there, who entered the coliseum and took seats somewhere in the middle.

Vritra walked towards the second gate which was being used for the participants. The line there seemed just as long as the spectators. Strong young men from all over the Blue Kingdom seemed to have arrived there—who would want to miss such a huge chance, after all?

Vritra joined the line silently. Because of his handsome face he was still getting quite a bit of sin points, but he didn’t do anything to stand out too much. It was better to lay low for some time, though if he could win the competition he would receive plenty of limelight.

The participants quickly entered the coliseum after showing their badge. Vritra took out his own badge and stuck it to his clothes over his chest.

"Name?" the people doing the entry at the entrance asked. The security and preparation for this competition seemed quite high, each participant had to answer several people before they were allowed to enter.

"Jin Woo." Vritra answered, as his turn came.

"Level?"

"999." He answered honestly, since there was no point in hiding. There were even men at Legion rank. Instead, if he lied about his level and then won against every fighter with his low level, he would look even more suspicious.

"Age?" the man writing in a register asked. He didn’t seem the least bit surprised upon hearing that high level. Instead, he seemed to believe that Vritra was the son from some well-off and powerful family. That was why his level was high.

"19." Came the answer. After a few more questions were asked by different people, Vritra finally entered through the large gate.

Then he made his way along with the others into the large coliseum after a short walk from the gate. They were in a large hall with countless seats placed all over it.

The place did seem a little crowded since there were more than twenty thousand men, but there were a lot of seats still empty since most of the young men were too excited to sit. They all felt that they were the chosen ones and would definitely be the winner.

Vritra sat on a seat, patiently waiting for the start of the competition while chatting with his naughty wife. Glancing to the side, Vritra noticed a boy who seemed to be stuffed with extremely expensive and precious accessories—lots of rings, armor, and much more.

Sensing Vritra’s gaze, the other boy smiled brightly and extended his right hand while speaking: "Nice to meet you, I am Rich."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...