Chapter 266: Third?

The group barely slept through the night and watched several episodes of the series. Vritra was regretting showing it a bit by now. All four of them just fell asleep over the bed several hours past midnight.

They woke up late in the morning and freshened up. After having breakfast, Vritra decided to just relax for the day while the ladies could train.

He sent his soul wraiths to bring demons from the different forests and sat relaxedly while watching them train. Taking out one soul potion after another, he drank them while enjoying the battle.

GULP

’Haa, this is nice.’ Vritra thought, drinking the slightly sweet soul potions.

"Yeah, so relaxing," Yasmine added, while absorbing the energy from the soul potions. After drinking a few potions, Vritra’s mouth was suddenly filled with a sour taste. He coughed the potion out and felt the poison entering his body.

Though almost instantly, the effect of the poison was neutralised.

"Poison? Did that bastard really just try to kill me?" Vritra frowned and decided to go pay the king a visit. Taking the bottle along, he got up and started walking away.

Fiona and the others noticed him leave, but they were too occupied with fighting the demons. They were just about to reach the 1st Legion rank.

When Vritra arrived at the hall, the king was having a meeting with his ministers. Henry was startled upon seeing Vritra arrive at the entrance.

"P- Pause the meeting for a while, I will be back in a minute." Henry rose from his throne and ran out, wondering if something had gone wrong.

"Henry," Vritra called as they arrived in a vacant hall.

"Y- Yes, sir." The king was ready to kneel, feeling his heart beat wildly.

"Do you want to kill me?" Vritra asked.

"N- No way, sir. Why would I? You are such a respected guest at our place," Henry replied, the fear in his heart rising.

"Then why did you try to poison me?" Vritra asked as he showed the half-filled glass bottle, his eyes narrowing.

"O- Oh, this is poison? I- I didn’t give it to you, sir. I had received all the potions from rich families of my kingdom, s- so someone tried to kill me, it seems... I am really sorry that I didn’t test them before giving them to you. Please forgive me." Henry knelt once again.

"...Take care of it." Vritra frowned and was in no mood to waste any more time with the king. He just wanted to enjoy his peace a little longer.

"Y- Yes, I will, sir. I will find out who did it," Henry shouted towards Vritra, who was already walking away, then thought: ’H- He didn’t die even after drinking half of this poison?!!’

Vritra pushed this matter out of his mind and decided to continue with his rest.

But when he arrived back at the training area, he saw Vanessa standing there with a helpless expression, Diana standing with a look as if she had made a mistake, while Fiona had tears in her eyes and seemed sad and mad at the same time.

’Haa, I just left for a few minutes. What happened here now? What about my peaceful time?’ Vritra thought. He knew Fiona had already been quite sensitive recently, and now it seemed she had somehow had a fight with the goddess.

"Welcome to relationships. They can’t always be sweet, you know. You have to face every side of it, and even more with multiple women," Yasmine said, now watching the twist of drama in her hubby’s life.

"What’s wrong?" Vritra approached Fiona and asked. The redhead looked at him with teary eyes, then with a humph, she pouted and walked towards her room.

"Sigh... So what happened?" Vritra looked at his mother, scratching his head. Thankfully, Yasmine and Vanessa were quite understanding.

"..." Vanessa glanced at Diana and spoke: "Why don’t you rest for a bit?"

The goddess nodded and sat down on the chair, looking a bit uneasy.

"You know Fiona has already been feeling jealous of Diana, and while fighting they had an argument, and this argument quickly shifted to you. In the end, Diana showed that green halo that is quite similar to yours, and Fiona got really sad after that," Vanessa explained. She had tried to stop the fight from escalating, but both girls just wouldn’t listen.

"I will go talk to Fiona. You stay here with Diana," Vritra said, and Vanessa nodded. Then he walked up to Diana and, while patting her head, spoke:

"I know you didn’t mean to hurt Fiona, but it would be better to be a bit careful around her. I wonder if she is on her periods... Anyway, you should have a sister-like relation with her, okay?"

"Hmm," Diana nodded. She was thinking that Vritra was going to scold her for what she had done, because a part of her still believed that he loved Fiona more than her, and so she also became jealous.

"Don’t worry, she will be fine," Vritra smiled and then walked away. Vanessa sat beside her and started having a deep conversation.

’Maybe staying here to enjoy the peace was a bad idea, but the situation between them would have to be resolved sooner or later,’ he thought.

Vritra headed towards Fiona’s room. Upon arriving outside, he tried to open the door, but it was locked from the inside.

"Fiona, can you open the door?"

"..."

"Fiona?"

"..."

Even after calling several times, no reply came from inside, so Vritra just used his dust ability to open the lock. Then he stepped inside and saw Fiona lying on the bed with her face buried in a pillow.

’Now how should I go about this situation?’ he wondered.

"You don’t want to talk to me?" Vritra sat beside her and asked, caressing her head gently.

"..."

"You know, Dia—" Vritra forcefully pulled the brake. Taking another woman’s name right now would only make her madder, so he changed his wording.

"You know, I love you a lot, right? Do you still think I will leave you in the future or that I love others more than you? How about we go on a date together?"

Vritra tried to speak, but Fiona just kept her head buried in the pillow and wouldn’t respond.

Again, Vritra decided to use a different approach: "Haa... Don’t tell me you still miss Max and you just couldn’t push him out of your memory. Is staying with me a bother to you? Do you find loving me back a chore?"

"NO I DON’T!!" Fiona suddenly pulled her head up and said, tears still present on her cheeks and the pillow.

Vritra quickly cupped her cheek and asked: "Then do you love me?"

"...Yes." Fiona said with a pout. She still felt angry; the burning feeling of jealousy was ignited a thousandfold upon the fight with Diana.

"I love you a lot too, so don’t be sad. Hmm, since you feel so insecure, how about we have a wedding and seal our relation forever?" Vritra asked.

"R- Really?" Fiona’s mood instantly seemed to brighten up, her lips curling up in a faint smile.

"Yeah, you could be my third wife—" Vritra spoke instinctively, but by the time he stopped, it was already too late.

More tears were about to roll out of her eyes as she asked in a shaky voice: "T- Third?"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...