Chapter 759 The Endless Contract

Onest looked very pitiful, surrounded by the five members of his new family. His mature-looking wife, who seemed nearly twice his age.

And the kids who were probably a similar age as his.

Shitless was the first to burst out laughing at his state, Vritra followed, while the women didn't want to be rude to the already pitiful Onest.

So they turned around and laughed quietly among themselves.

"Congratulations mugger, when did you get married?" Shitless asked.

"Great job my friend, you have won in life. A beautiful wife and several cute children, what more would one want, congrats." Vritra said, amidst his laugh.

Seeing him in such a tragedy, their first response as brotherly friends was to laugh.

"Y- You guys…" Onest wiped a tear, he seemed to have changed quite a bit in such a short span of time.

"Honey, even if they are your friends, how can you allow them to just hit your sons? You have to hold justice for them!! Right now!!" the woman shouted.

"Stay quiet." Vritra said, the smile disappeared from his face as he looked at the woman and she suddenly found herself unable to utter a word.

She kept trying to scream but no sound came, she was horrified badly.

Joking was fine among them, but who allowed this woman to speak between them?

"Uh… V- Vritra, can you not uhm hurt her?" Onest asked hurriedly, surprising them all.

Frowning, Vritra stopped using the ability Forbidden, and spoke playfully: "Looks like you love your wife too much, sigh guess you can't continue on this path anymore."

"HONEY!! I don't want these guys in my house ever! You hear me? These criminals, make them leave and we need to heal our children." The woman spoke quickly.

"O- Ok, let's talk outside." Onest said as he walked out of the house and before the woman could say anything more, he was gone.

Vritra shook his head, he could tell Onest was on the verge of crashing out, so he turned and disappeared as well.

After a moment, the woman and her children were left there standing in a daze.

"Damnit, once you return I will make you sleep on the floor!" she shouted.

...

After flying up into the sky, the ten of them stopped, Vritra waited for Onest to tell what had happened.

They didn't make any more fun of him, or he might go mad for real.

"I- I was scammed SOB." he sobbed quietly, wanted to cry at his fate but no tear would come.

"So, just what happened? Why are you even listening to her?" Vritra asked, he looked as if he had been doing house chores for days.

Onest took a deep breath and then began to tell the story slowly.

That woman is Zira, Onest fell for her after meeting her in the market.

She was falling and he caught her, their eyes met and sparks were created between them instantly.

She was beautiful, mature and voluptuous enough that she easily caught Onest's eyes.

He wanted to know more about her and she showed the same enthusiasm.

They ate together in a hotel, chatting for hours, getting to know a lot about each other. He even told her about the real profession he is so proud of.

At first Onest felt she would just leave but she actually didn't mind, saying that everyone could have a bad past.

It's not like that could be changed, some things are just out of their choices and control.

Onest just fell deeper for her, she was so understanding and smart, she really seemed the perfect one for him.

And seeing Vritra's family, he too wanted to experience a happy life so Onest decided to give love a chance.

After staying together, he dropped her at home after which he rushed to the Yate Realm.

And found that others had already started, so he would have to wait but it made him happy.

This way he could spend more time with Zira, and over the next few days they truly were together all the time.

They even had good chemistry in bed, seriously this seemed like the perfect relationship.

Onest just wanted a happy relation like Vritra, someone who cares so much for him, and she really had all good qualities.

Just like her, Onest was ready to not care about her past, and very soon she was the one to propose.

That was when the nightmare began, she made him sign something, making him swear over his respectful profession of thievery and his dead mother.

Onest had gone mad in love, he didn't really care and didn't know that the past he didn't care about had four children, nearly his age.

Only once they shifted to their house did he find out that he had been trapped into becoming their daddy, and would need to keep feeding the five of them.

He was completely trapped, that contract mentioned that he can't leave her or the kids, have to listen to her, protect her and whatnot.

Normally Onest wouldn't have cared much for it, but he had sworn over his dead mother and profession so he can't break it.

"And that's it, now I am stuck with them." Onest muttered, looking depressed and hollow.

"At least she doesn't have any other man, so it works." Shitless said, patting his friend's shoulder.

Finally, he got a chance to make fun of Onest and he wasn't going to let go of it easily.

"Hmm want me to get rid of the five of them? Or I can make them willingly break this marriage." Vritra asked, rolling his eyes at Shitless who kept laughing.

"Sigh we can't do that, she had made such a big contract and I believed her blindly, fuck I am so damn stupid!!" Onest felt like beating the shit out of himself.

But he can't even harm himself as recorded in the contract, so he can't blackmail Zira into ending the marriage.

Vritra too felt like slapping this guy, how can he be so stupid? Wasn't he a thief, aren't they supposed to be very smart to make a fool of others?

Yet here is this guy, just got fooled so badly by a woman. Was it because of love?

Vritra glanced back at his wives, thankfully all his women are good, he doesn't want to imagine having someone like Zira in his life.

"Do you have that contract on you?" Vritra asked, without seeing all the terms he can't do anything.

Onest was clearly trapped in this well-proof plan.

"S- She took it with herself…" Onest said, making Vritra sigh deeply.

"B- But I do remember it all, I can write quickly!" Onest knew only Vritra could help him now and he was so done with this love thing for now.

Vritra nodded and Onest took out a very long paper, he seemed prepared for it, and quickly began to write.

Thankfully at their level of strength, remembering such things was a piece of cake.

That Zira was smart enough to not even give a copy to Onest so he can't find any flaws, but thankfully he got to read it all.

And he really couldn't find any flaws at all.

The others waited as Onest finished writing a contract so long that it could fill a few textbooks, that woman really didn't miss anything.

Vritra held the thick bundle of papers, he looked at Onest, his image had fallen even further.

He used to think only Shitless is the slow one in their group but it seemed this guy was no better.

Vritra and all the women began to read the contract and gasped at how much thought Zira had put into it.

That woman is so sly, it's like she had thought of almost all possibilities and escape from this marriage is impossible.

Unless Onest breaks his oath.

"Bro, you are kinda fucked!" Shitless said after reading a few lines, he patted his shoulder again and nodded in sympathy.

It took a few minutes to complete the whole contract, finally the seven women looked at Onest pitifully.

No matter what Onest does, there is just no way he can get out of this marriage in this life.

Vritra remained silent for a few moments, then he looked at Onest and spoke: "There is only one way that you can be a free man again."

"There is a way?!!" Onest's eyes glowed with hope, he asked excitedly: "What is it?"

"Only if she very willingly wants to end this marriage and leave you, otherwise you can't do anything." Vritra replied.

Onest suddenly lost his energy, he knew that too, there is no way that bitc- wife of his will leave him willingly.

Damnit, he can't even curse her out.

And he can't even make her hate him or make her want to leave him in any way possible.

"That is of no use, is there really no other way?" Onest looked dejected and broken.

"Of course it can work, don't worry, let me handle this; I'd win." Vritra said, laughing lightly.

Still this whole situation was kinda funny.

"Really? T- Thank you, but I gotta leave now, I can't stay away from her for too long…" Onest said, looking so pitiful.

He had lost his freedom completely.

"Alright, I will start the plan soon, just do what you normally do." Vritra said as Onest left after saying goodbyes.

"Uwahahahahaha" Shitless hugged his belly and laughed like a madman.

Vritra didn't interrupt him for a few moments and then asked: "Sir Shitless, I have got a small task for you, would you mind doing it?"

And Shitless was scared shitless upon hearing that, he jumped back in fright and had a bad feeling in his heart.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios