Chapter 719 The Master Mind

"Hmm? Yes I am Asmodeus. How do you know my name?" he asked, his smile disappearing.

The lackeys surrounding him were mainly for labour, they contributed little to the battle prowess of the team.

So Asmodeus would have to rely on himself in case a battle broke out.

'How do they know my name? Don't tell me, I wasn't the one following them, instead they brought us all here?'

Asmodeus suddenly had a bad feeling in his heart.

"T- Tell me, how did you steal this ship?!!" this time, he was less arrogant and slight fear was evident in his voice.

"Like this." Vritra said as he leaned back and touched the large flying ship, and it instantly disappeared.

"H- Huh? How? Is that a space ability?" he asked in bafflement.

Vritra brought the flying ship back, then Teresa touched it and it disappeared again.

"Y- You too possess a space ability? How?" Asmodeus was breathing heavily, feeling the weight of all his accessories even more.

"Anyway, my wife repaired this ship but she told me we need a key to get it started." While speaking, Vritra gestured towards Shitless with his eyes.

"Huh? Pitiful one, why are you rolling your eyes?" Shitless asked, he was just waiting to see chaos start.

"Haa this monk…" Vritra covered his face with his palm, this monk was getting worse, wasn't he?

Or was he this stupid from the beginning?

"Sir Shitless, if you can, please bring that assassin down?" Vritra asked with a kind smile that scared the monk Shitless shitless.

This monk was such an aura killer and embarrassment.

"Oh y- yes sir!" he saluted quickly, for some reason, he didn't doubt that Vritra might send him into the flood water if he angered him.

He wouldn't die but Shitless didn't want to go through that disgusting feeling ever again.

Not the third time.

He quickly ran away while Vritra shook his head and continued:

"And I heard the key is… your hands, your eyes and your energy, is that right?"

GULP

Asmodeus gulped his saliva, sweat dripping down his face heavily, he never thought anyone could ever understand it.

"…" he didn't know what to say.

"So, I planned to rip away your hands, pluck out your eyes and well I will keep you alive for a while to use your energy." Vritra said casually.

"L- Lord, what the hell is he saying? How dare he disrespect you!! Just let me go and I will beat him up!!" one of the men shouted, rage on his face.

"…" Asmodeus tried to free his hand, this guy was holding onto him for his dear life.

"Sigh since you don't want me to kill them, then lord please take care of them." The middle aged man sighed and stepped back.

"Uwaaaaah L- Let go of me, Baldy and don't you dare disrespect lord Asmodeus!!" suddenly a loud scream sounded.

Shitless dragged along the assassin, clutching his hair.

Then he threw him in front of Asmodeus.

"Why exactly did you send these assassins to kill me?" Vritra asked, his tone getting serious.

"Huh? Who is this? I only adopted these useless bastards, I don't know-" Asmodeus looked at the young assassin's face, speaking in confusion.

And what was this guy even talking about assassination? Weren't they just meeting for the first time?

"Lorrrdddd!! H- How can you… SOB How can you abandon me in the face of danger, they all died for you, look what they have done to me!! That Baldy even SOB even threw me into dirty water."

The young guy started to cry.

Vritra frowned, watching the drama, now which of them was lying?

"Huh? You stupid bastard, I don't even-" Asmodeus was enraged as he started to curse and pointed his fingers towards the assassin.

But right as he pointed, the assassin began to cough violently, blood appearing in his eyes and throat swelling.

"L- Lord, UGHH y- you didn't GRRKKK didn't have to kill COUGH COUGH me to bury the m- matte…"

BOOM

Suddenly, his throat exploded, his head flying in a different direction.

Asmodeus jumped back in fright, when did he get so strong? He looked at his fingers in wonder, did he obtain some new ability unconsciously?

Vritra: "…"

"The thirty of you, run away now." Vritra said lazily, his gaze fixed on Asmodeus.

"L- Lord…" they all looked at him firmly.

"Guys…" Asmodeus looked at their faces, and for the first time, felt proud.

He always cursed them and even beat them up, but now that they were facing a deadly situation, these guys stood by his side.

Even in the face of death they didn't abando-

"Please take care lord, we will wait for you." One of his underlings spoke in a sad tone.

Then he faced Vritra, and spoke angrily, while sneakily sliding backwards: "Don't you dare beat our lord too much, at least not his face, or… or we will come back!"

Then nodding towards Asmodeus as if the situation was under their control, they turned and ran away in a hurry.

'These fucking bitches, agggghhhhhh' he looked at Vritra and in an impatient tone, asked: "Can you kill those guys first?"

Rolling his eyes, Vritra ignored the men who ran away and repeated: "Tell me, were you really behind all this?"

Asmodeus looked at the corpse, then sighed, would his words even matter?

He too couldn't understand what was happening.

"Of course I wasn't, I don't even know you guys. I only came after this ship of mine- yours, I should leave now, haha right? please?" he asked, when necessary it was better to put aside pride.

And there was no one around too.

"Do you know someone named Magna?" Vritra questioned, folding his arms over his chest.

Normally he would have just killed this guy but there were too many things that were confusing him.

"Magna? Of course, I know that fucker. He is my sworn enemy, why wouldn't I know him!!" Asmodeus was instantly filled with anger.

"Oh, what is his ability? And what happened between you two?" Vritra asked, since the key of the flying ship was here.

They could now reach the tower really fast.

"His ability is copying but in a special manner, he can create clones, it is kinda complex-" Asmodeus was answering but got interrupted.

"What? Isn't his ability that bubble one?" Vritra asked, as expected there was something terribly wrong from the beginning.

"No? the bubble ability was Mentro's, he was Magna's friend- wait don't tell me he got Mentro too? Sigh I warned him…" Asmodeus shook his head.

Then added: "Magna almost killed my woman, but succeeded in killing off my brothers. He killed a lot of people back on our planet too."

"Hmm Then who was the one I killed? The name the status window displayed was clearly Magna's." Vritra frowned, and he had killed a player too.

"Did I kill that Mentro guy? But how?" Vritra quickly used blood to draw Magna's face in the air.

"Is that him?"

"Yes, that's Magna, you killed him?" Asmodeus didn't believe that clever guy would be killed so easily.

He was more cunning than a thousand foxes and way too ruthless, a psychopath.

"But the one I killed had the bubble ability, so he is still alive?"

Vritra didn't know how this clone ability worked but he was starting to understand Magna's plan now.

So those assassins were really sent by him!!

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios