Chapter 342: The Passage

Just a few seconds after Vritra had entered the cave, the screams of the Bone Blood Cultists began to ring out.

Now that his complete strength was back, he was able to give the worst kind of death they could have gotten.

The entire torture continued for nearly forty minutes, after which they just ended up dying on their own.

Vritra stood with his arms crossed in front of his chest, not even a single drop of blood on his body.

He gazed at the scenery in front of him, there were more than fifteen men who had just died.

Though now it was impossible to distinguish which limb and organ belonged to whom.

One person had his head split open like a blooming flower while his body was covered by molten lava.

Another one had a large spike going up from his ass and coming straight out of his mouth, their bodies were completely destroyed from inside and out.

"Haa That felt quite nice, now let’s leave." Vritra held a spherical-shaped stone-like object with intricate patterns covering it.

This was the object that allowed these men to walk out at night without any worry, and even attract the abominations.

Flying out of the cave, Vritra headed directly towards the temple.

"Finally!! I will be able to see my cute mother-in-law, just you wait hubby, I am going to complain that you completely ignored me for another woman. Sob Poor me, the first wife..."

Yasmine said, wiping away her imaginary tears.

"Heh What can I say, my naughty wife just loves seeing that sort of thing a bit too much." Vritra chuckled, as he soon arrived close to the temple.

"I don’t enjoy it, I just watched for research purposes, you know." Yasmine replied in an honest tone.

Shaking his head, Vritra approached the large statue, walking behind it he pushed the spherical object into the hole and waited.

Instantly the large statue began to move, and a cave opened behind it, which was spacious enough.

"Uh... That’s a rather strange place for a cave to be, but on second thought, it also seems normal?" Yasmine muttered, seeing the passage that opened beside the drawings.

"Will this passage bring us outside?" Vritra asked.

"Yeah it will, it’s time to return." Yasmine said, letting out a sigh.

This strange realm was quite a strange experience for them both although filled with countless dangers but the gains were really high.

Nodding, Vritra turned and flew away, he planned to bring everyone out of there.

Arriving in the town in less than a minute, Vritra decided to tell this news to Yennifer first.

It was still around noon and she was busy having a chat with other women, getting to know a lot of new things.

"Yenni" landing in front of the group, Vritra called out. The women were surprised that now Vritra was even able to fly.

"Husband!!" the empress exclaimed as she stood up and walked up to him and gave Vritra a tight hug.

"You finished hunting quite fast today." She muttered while holding him tightly, this sort of life was unimaginable for her just a few days ago.

"I found the way to get out of this place, we can finally leave." Vritra announced, surprising everyone who heard.

The sound of chatter filled the air, and it wasn’t long before the news spread across the entire town, everyone knew Vritra after all and no one doubted his words.

"Really?!!" Yennefer was really excited and happy by the news.

Soon most of the people of the town gathered, Chopper stood in front of the group and asked just to confirm: "You really found the exit from this cursed place?"

"Yes, so pack up, we are leaving." Vritra said, he and Yennefer didn’t really have anything to pack but other people wanted to bring a few things out with them.

Some because of the memories of the ones that had died here, while some had just gotten attached to a few things.

But it didn’t take long before they were all ready to leave. With a snap of Vritra’s finger, a large platform of dust was created.

"Everyone, climb on it." Vritra said as he jumped on the platform, Yennefer stuck close to him as if they had really gotten married.

"I had been here for so long that this feels like a dream." Lisa muttered, pinching her arm.

"Yeah, I had already given up hope of ever getting out of this place, just staying alive daily was our biggest fight." Mark spoke, walking onto the large platform.

As everyone climbed on top of it, the platform started flying, heading straight towards the forest.

The people were still afraid to even go to the forest, but none of them wanted to stay in this realm for a moment longer.

All the people were surprised when they saw the enormous temple, but Vritra didn’t let them waste any time in sightseeing, he wanted to return to the White Kingdom as soon as possible.

"Woah such a big statue, why would they build a temple for an insect?" someone in the crowd muttered.

Chopper who was seated on Duffus’s shoulder, looked around curiously and wondered who really was Vritra.

Without him they would never have been able to get out of there.

"Alright now hurry up and go into the passage one by one." Vritra said in a loud voice, as all the people formed a line and started walking inside.

"Thank you Ben, I am really very grateful to you, if we end up at different locations after leaving then make sure to come visit me. Remember, I am the king of the White Kingdom?" Chopper said gratefully.

"Sure Chief, now hurry up, the demons must be wreaking havoc in the kingdom." Vritra said and finally except for him and Yennefer, everyone had left.

"Shall we go?" he asked, taking her hand in his. The empress had a small smile on her face as she nodded, wondering if things would stay the same between them even outside.

They both walked through the passage, the deeper they went the darker it became and at one point, even the sensation of land beneath their feet disappeared.

It was like they were falling and kept falling for a while, but upon opening their eyes, the two found themselves in the Night Forest at exactly the place where they had fallen in the trap.

"We are back!!" Yennefer exclaimed, and she felt so much better as all her strength returned.

"Yeah-" Vritra was just nodding when his gaze moved towards the White Kingdom not so far away, and he was really shocked.

The big wall surrounding it had been completely destroyed, fire and smoke could clearly be seen all over the kingdom.

It was complete chaos.

"Oh, did the demons win the war?" the empress muttered, normally people with such high strength wouldn’t meddle in such things, after all a Demon Lord wasn’t attacking the kingdom.

Vritra scanned the area and felt that all the Soul Wraiths that he had left behind with the three women had been killed, so they returned to the inventory.

He flew higher and looked at the devastated state of the kingdom, there was no doubt, the demons had defeated and taken over the White Kingdom.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...