Chapter 66: Guilt

"Ahhhhh~" Then suddenly, Fiona felt him squeeze one of her breasts, her large fleshy mound overflowing in his hand as his fingers sank into the softness.

KNOCK KNOCK

"Fiona, open the door. Ughh... Did something happen inside? Are you alright? It’s me, Max. Let me in," Max called out as he rubbed his head, feeling pain. His face was covered in blood.

Fiona finally came back to her senses, her eyes opened wide as she instantly recognised Max’s voice. Then her face was filled with shock as she looked at the handsome face that was so close to hers.

"Y- You!! Vritra?!! W- Why is it you? What are you doing here?" Fiona was completely baffled. Even though her mind had been full of lust earlier, she could still remember everything that had happened.

Vritra let go of her boob as he pulled back and got off the bed. Then he touched his lips and tilted his head to the side before muttering in a pitiful tone:

"You are a monster, pulling the weak me forcefully into the room and kissing like that. Haa, what would everyone think if they ever came to know of this."

{Sin Point Gained: Flustered +1}

"..." Fiona was dazed for a moment. Then she felt angry as she got over her shock. Even though she had pulled him into the room and had kissed him for some reason while thinking he was Max, he had still stolen her first kiss.

She couldn’t believe she had kissed a boy other than Max in such an obscene and hungry way. She could still perfectly taste him inside her mouth and on her lips. This thought only filled her with more shame and embarrassment, as guilt for Max rose in her heart.

"I-It’s all your fault. Did you feed me something? I would never behave like that. My body was extremely hot earlier. That was not normal," Fiona spoke, her face burning with shame and guilt.

’This was just a mistake. I was in a strange state and I thought it was Max, so I hadn’t betrayed him... right?’ she tried to ease her heart.

"Hah! So now it is my fault. Fine, I am going out. Then I will ask Max and let’s find out who was the one at fault." After speaking, he didn’t even look back and walked towards the door. Fiona panicked as she got off the bed hastily and ran towards him.

She held his hand and pulled him back. She could never allow Max to know about this. Wouldn’t their unbaked relationship, that hadn’t even started properly yet, already be over otherwise?

"Fiona, are you inside? Open the door," Max called out again. Despite the ambush and receiving such injury, he still wanted to go ahead with his proposal.

’He woke up faster than I expected,’ Vritra thought. But he soon understood that it must be because of his skill, which slightly increased the speed of his body’s recovery.

"I am fine, but can we t-talk tomorrow? I am not feeling well today," Fiona lied with a guilty and self-blaming look on her pretty face.

"Are you really fine? Just let me see you once." Max insisted. He felt that something was wrong but he couldn’t understand exactly what.

"I am really fine. I can’t see you right now. Please just leave for now." Fiona replied, feeling even worse. By lying, she had unwillingly become an accomplice in this act of betrayal and cheating.

"Haa... Alright, let’s talk tomorrow. Just be safe." Finally, Max left, feeling very dejected and down.

"Don’t you dare tell anyone about it or I will..." Fiona looked at him with anger, really wanting to beat him up, but she was also partly at fault.

{Sin Point Gained: Hated +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Glared at +1}

"I shouldn’t tell anyone that you attacked me? Sure, I won’t. Don’t worry," Vritra shrugged. He felt that it wouldn’t be bad to have such a beautiful and cute girl.

"In any case, this was just a mistake since I mistook you for someone else. So just forget about it all. There is nothing between us and never will be." Fiona said with a resolute expression. She was trying to keep a straight face, while the guilt kept flooding her heart.

"Okay, as you wish." Vritra nodded and opened the door. Then, after wishing her goodnight, he walked out and shut the door behind him.

Finally, as soon as he left, Fiona sat down on the ground, her face turning bright red. She gulped her saliva and could still almost feel his lips and tongue. She lightly touched her neck, touching the area where he had left such a deep mark.

"He is indeed a bad person... I have to forget all about it and Max should never know any of it. Ughh... Why was he so sweet though?" Fiona mumbled, unconsciously licking her lips before freezing upon realisation.

******

Vritra walked back to his room. He could see a trail of blood on the floor, which was left behind by Max.

"KNIGHT!" After arriving in front of his room, Vritra called out in a low voice. Instantly, a shadow moved away from under his feet and appeared in front of him. The Dark Knight remained hidden.

"Go and observe the situation. Don’t reveal yourself but find what the king and those from the Nine Pacts are doing," he ordered. Vritra knew sooner or later he would be exposed, but he should delay that for now.

"I understand, master." The knight bowed and answered before he disappeared. He could still speak human language, so it was the easiest to command around.

After the Dark Knight left, Vritra opened the door and walked inside. His mother was sitting on the bed and reading a book. As he entered, she put the book aside and looked up at him.

"Is there any problem?" she asked worriedly.

"No, everything is fine for now. I just needed to finish a small task. In a few days’ time, we will be leaving this kingdom, but you will have to go separately from me with Diana." Vritra spoke; he closed the door and climbed onto the bed.

"...Okay, but will you be fine?" Vanessa rested her head over his shoulder and asked. Even though there wasn’t a very long time before she had to get a master, she wasn’t rushing Vritra. Both of them needed time to build that kind of relation.

"Of course I will be fine. Didn’t you see how strong I am?" Vritra smiled as he turned the lights off and lay down, his mother using his arm as a pillow.

They talked for a while about different things and then fell asleep in the comfortable and warm embrace of each other.

******

Early in the morning, Vritra woke up from the sound of a knock on his door. He gently moved out of his mother’s arms and sat up. After stretching his arms and rubbing his eyes, he stood up and walked up to the door.

A sweet and flowery scent drifted inside even before he had opened the door. Vritra already knew who it was, and as he opened the door, the ethereal and graceful figure of the goddess came into his view.

__________

Thanks for reading...