Chapter 760 The Fiance

KNOCK KNOCK

The quietness of the big palace was broken by a light knocking sound, the person who had just knocked seemed very nervous.

Gulping, he wiped the sweat from his forehead and knelt, pressing his forehead against the floor, waiting for the person inside to respond.

"What is it?" a melodious female voice sounded from the inside, lacking emotion yet still containing such pressure.

"Y- Your father has asked for you to b- be present in the Cloud Hall." The man replied in a shaky voice, appearing as if he had aged several hundred years in a few seconds.

"..." there was complete silence then the voice rang out again.

"Is he here again?" she asked, a hint of annoyance and anger could clearly be sensed, and that scared the guy outside even more.

His heart thumped so wildly, he was a level 10 Demi God, yet was being so fearful right now.

He couldn't understand how to answer that, a mistake might cost him too much.

"...Y- Yes, he is here." Finally, mustering every bit of his courage, the man answered.

Tsk!

There was another long silence and then she spoke: "Get lost!"

"Y- yes I will..." quickly getting up, he ran away hurriedly but careful enough to not make any sound.

Inside the room, Evelyn who was busy creating a strange looking ring, felt so annoyed.

She was creating this special present for her husband and her father had to disturb her just now?

Really so, so annoying, she hates them all.

'I wish I can just kill them all and go live with my husband.' A crazed look appeared in Evelyn's eyes as she thought about her man.

But then she put away the ring and sighed, she can't leave yet or be together with him.

There is still some time for that.

Taking a deep breath, she decided to go and see what her father had to say this time.

She looked around at her room which was pretty big, the walls were completely filled with images of Vritra she had created.

She even had various of his clothes.

The Sin Wheel that Vritra has, doesn't work to just give him something. It works like an exchange so most of the times Vritra obtained something, something of his own disappeared.

He got a lot of clothes and stuff so he wouldn't even notice such small things.

And it was mostly clothes he had already worn and Vritra never really cared about that.

Yet, all that was now adorning her room, the winter coat he used on the apocalyptic planet was lying over her bed, his scent still lingering.

After glancing around, she walked out of the room, her expression changing completely.

There was complete darkness surrounding her house, she didn't want others to go in there and touch anything.

So, she had put it in a separate realm.

After getting out of her room, she left the separate realm and came out. Looking up, she saw the sky which was full of stars.

Though the stars were the gods who had gone into eternal slumber, since those beings can't be killed they are put to sleep.

Few of them had even been put there by Evelyn.

There is an old saying among the higher beings, that people often recite when gazing up at those stars.

-When the night is clear, the humblest slaves shine the brightest-

Evelyn remembered it, she had to make more arrangements so Vritra continues on his path to godhood.

The whole thing will be tough, but she will be with him till the end; once he blossoms as a Titan, not even the higher beings or beings above could do anything to him.

With various thoughts about her love, she looked in the direction of the Cloud Hall, which was just a fancy meeting room of her father.

'I wonder if grandpa would be there too.' She wondered, her expressions were unreadable.

In the surroundings, all the guards instantly tilted their heads downward when Evelyn appeared, her beauty had made one of the Demi Gods go mad.

He was killed so brutally by her father and grandfather, it still makes them all shiver.

His flesh was fed to pet dogs right in front of everyone, after torture that continued for a long time.

Evelyn ignored them all, not wanting to waste any time here she teleported directly to the entrance of the Cloud Hall.

She paused outside the gates, sensing how many people were inside.

Her father is there, thankfully her grandfather wasn't here for now, and aside from her father there was only one other person.

His presence made her frown.

At the top of the gate of the Cloud Hall was a name written in big letters.

'Vaspera...' Evelyn wanted to quickly change it with Arclis, but it was taking so long despite everything.

Sighing, she pushed the gate open, there were no guards around it as her father didn't like having people around himself.

Evelyn walked inside, her gaze first met her father's as she gave a small nod.

Her father went by the title: Fader, it had been so long since anyone last saw his real appearance.

His body is always wrapped by pieces of cloth, not even a tiny bit of his skin was visible, he also doesn't allow anyone to get close to him.

Only his pupils could be seen, though his body was muscular and strong.

He half lay over his throne, his moon shaped eyes locking on his daughter.

"Here comes my good daughter, look who is here to meet you, your fiance." Fader spoke, he is normally quite friendly.

But gets so agitated if someone gets too close, breaks any rules, after all it was the Vespera family's duty to uphold the laws amongst the higher beings.

One of the most powerful families, she even got to be a judge in the world court.

"Hmm." Evelyn maintained the same look on her beautiful face when she greeted him.

The entirety of the Cloud Hall really seemed to be made of clouds, the chairs, the floor but there was no ceiling, the stars could be seen perfectly.

Finally her gaze shifted to the man sitting on a chair to her left, he wore a black robe which he felt she liked.

And there is a reason behind him thinking that.

While Evelyn was away, this wannabe fiance of hers bribed one of the Demi Gods, a cleaner there, to look into her room.

And even though she was afraid, she still gave in to her greed, and quickly went in and was only able to bring out a single robe which belonged to Vritra.

And since then, he had been wearing clothes like that to impress her.

This was Armin Garissa, the future ruler of the famous Garissa family, who are like the underworld among the higher beings.

If Vespera family controls the laws and punishments then the Garissa family controls the unlawful ones.

But both families are among the very top.

Which is exactly why, Fader and her grandfather had agreed to this marriage, letting Evelyn marry this guy will literally allow them to rule the higher beings.

Of course Evelyn never agreed to it, unfortunately despite being excellent at almost everything, her family put little importance on her refusals.

They still went ahead and gave him the title of Evelyn's fiance.

Armin looked like a guy in his thirties, mature and easygoing with handsome looks and long white hair.

He too is quite excellent and would take the seat of the next ruler instead of his elder brother, there doesn't seem to be any flaws in him.

"Hello Evelyn, you are looking gorgeous." Armin complimented, as he stepped forward and presented a gift he had brought.

It was a set of white flowers which were constantly releasing a good fragrance.

"This is Forever White Sanga, a flower which never withers and will forever be beautiful and fragrant just like you haha and the white colour will remind you of me, do you like it?"

Armin said, a big overly enthusiastic smile on his face.

"Yea very much, remember to throw it in the dustbin on your way out though." Evelyn said, taking two steps back.

As if both Armin and his flowers are plagued and contagious, her eyes were full of hate as she looked at him.

"Hahaha don't be so shy my daughter, Armin don't mind her.

You know she gets shy in front of you, leave the flower here, I am sure she will want to put it in her room soon." Fader laughed, his blue eyes shining.

"I sure hope she is just being shy, I wouldn't want this beautiful flower to break, right?" Armin said, a psychotic look flashing in his eyes.

But the look was gone as fast as it came, and he was all smiles again.

"My daughter, since your fiance is already here, why don't you treat him to some delicious food?

Your grandfather had gone to meet his grandpa, if you are wondering." Fader added, then he stood up and disappeared.

"So Evelyn, my dear fiance, shall we go?" Armin chuckled, clearly aware of the hate in her eyes but that only made him want to break her more.

'Sigh my love, get here quickly, I want you to protect me just like you do for your other women and put this pig in his place.' Evelyn thought, looking dazed out.

Just like how Vritra punished Jack and stole Fiona away.

Shaking her head she began walking out, she had to bring this pig to his feeding station after all.

Then she would get back to working on the ring.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios