Chapter 534 The Stealer of Fate

Teresa stepped onto the metallic board, her hands clasped together.

Completely covered, it was really hard to know anything about her. All the eyes in the large hall were fixed on her.

All the people were disappointed. Many tried to use their senses to look, but none succeeded.

In the end, Vritra couldn't hold back his curiosity. Trying to see how monstrous his bride looked, he attempted to look through her veil.

But…

'What? Even I can't see through it? What sort of treasure is this that can even stop a demi god? Or maybe it is done by someone…' he wondered. There was little chance of the Ford family having such a treasure.

The gods probably wouldn't be protecting her, and there was just one being who might be behind it.

'Divine? Why would he do this though? Why is he going out of his way to make me go through this marriage?' Vritra wondered, while the priest began to instruct.

A tray floated before Teresa, a similar glass of wine placed on top of it.

No one came closer to her. Even the priest stood at more than two hands' width.

Her drop of blood was already in the drink. The priest then continued with further rituals.

"First, both of you bow toward one another and always respect and cherish each other in good and bad times," the priest said, while sprinkling some sort of liquid around them in a circle, as if cutting the two off from the world.

Vritra was still deep in thought as he leaned forward slightly before straightening up, though Teresa bowed by nearly thirty to forty degrees.

"Haa, look at that poor boy. It seems he has lost his soul. If that woman wasn't so bad, then why would her family cover her up and keep their distance from her?"

"Yeah, it seems she is really plagued or cursed."

Tiny and her mother weren't present at the event, since the two were busy with some other important task.

After all, the marriage trials of Tiny were about to start.

The priest ignored Vritra's half hearted bow and continued.

While the rituals went on, Vritra suddenly thought of something.

'Divine is using Yenni as my weakness, but don't I also have…' His gaze locked onto his bride and his lips curled up.

"Heh haha." He couldn't help but chuckle lightly, while the audience wondered if he was finally going crazy.

'Divine, she is just an arm's length from me. You are using Yenni to force me into this, and I don't like just following other people's schemes. How about I just snap her neck? Will you still stay silent?'

Raising his left arm, Vritra extended it toward Teresa slowly.

Sir Giant, Shen, Rich, and the others were startled, seeing his hand approach Teresa.

They all expected Vritra to be unhappy with the marriage, but didn't think that he would try to harm her.

All of them were aware that a single touch might result in death or something far worse.

They straightened instantly, killing intent filling the hall.

Shen was closest to the group, standing nearby to protect his sister in case of emergency.

In an instant, he arrived behind Vritra, striking with force enough to at least break his arm.

Vritra's hand was midway, but more than the Fords, someone else was worried.

"Fine, wait, wait!" Divine's hurried voice sounded.

Vritra smiled faintly as his hand suddenly moved closer to Teresa, but instead of touching her, he caught a knife just inches away from her.

The knife had been thrown by none other than a member of the Ford family. Of course, it was all part of Vritra's plan.

Psyche silently disappeared from the shadow of the man, who looked more panicked than anyone else at the venue.

Wondering why his body had suddenly moved, the man had actually come with a motive, but it wasn't killing the bride.

He belonged to the Bone Blood Cult, and Vritra recognized him since he was yet another clone of that bandaged man.

He wasn't someone who would fall for the same trick twice, no matter how perfect it might be.

Thousands of gasps sounded as everyone saw the knife. Shen panicked and hurriedly stopped his arm, almost touching Vritra's arm.

For a moment, the world seemed to pause.

"Alright, tell me what you have to say now. Is she also a part of your future plan?" Vritra questioned, freezing time.

"Haa, no she isn't. For Yennefer's sake, can't you just go along with it?" Divine asked helplessly.

"Hah, no. You'd better explain everything to me properly, then I will make my decision," Vritra said, toying with the knife.

He was sure that if this woman was important to Divine, then there was no way he could kill her. He couldn't even peek at her appearance. It really was Divine behind it all.

"Fine. She is my… sister," Divine answered. He too needed Vritra's help later on, so it wasn't good to be on bad terms with him.

Not to mention, he had already invested far too much in him. There was no other option now.

"Your sister?" Vritra was genuinely surprised. Then he added, "Continue."

Suddenly, the scene around Vritra changed, and he was once again seeing the images he had seen while his new body was being constructed.

It was the time when Divine was summoned to this planet.

Vritra hadn't been able to see it before, but now he could clearly see that with the young Divine, there were two women.

He had two sisters.

Divine was strong, but the abilities his sisters possessed were far more powerful.

They had been able to pass the trials even though the hero at that time had died.

But one of his sisters had the ability to steal, alter, or completely rewrite fate.

After clearing the trial, they were thrown into extremely dangerous games. Yet together, the three continued to grow stronger.

Divine even had a good friendship with the first mythic halo, the Halo of Creation. Although the two weren't bonded, he could still use it.

Then suddenly, Vritra saw the scene where Divine was killed by that very mythic halo.

Yet his sisters sacrificed themselves to protect him.

One sister stole his fate and rewrote it before her death.

The other sister possessed two abilities. One was a soul type ability that allowed her to make any dead being into her servant.

The second ability was so destructive that, despite being far from a god, she had managed to bring one onto the brink of death.

But that cost the second sister her life as well.

'So the first sister is Teresa?' Now it was making more sense.

She was the Stealer of Fate, the witch.

'I think I have heard that name somewhere before…' Vritra couldn't help but wonder.

Like Divine had said, he needed to steal the hero's fate from Jack, so he might need her help.

'Oh right, I remember now. I once got a crown that increased my luck while I was doing those games.'

That treasure had helped him obtain many precious skills and objects.

Skills like Lost, Titan Fall, and so on.

That crown was created by the Witch, the Stealer of Fate.

❖❖❖