Chapter 308: ACCHOOOOO!!

[Upgrade Complete.]

『

[Blood Lock]

(Skill Description): A Death Sentence. Once you draw or touch even the smallest amount of blood from your opponents, they would be marked by Blood Lock.

From that moment onward, with each passing minute, 1% of their combat power would be reduced until the effect is broken or the opponents are dead. You can use Blood Lock on up to five people simultaneously.

Once the health of the opponent reaches 15% or lower, you could detonate their blood from within.

』

Vritra read the skill description in astonishment, there were several great changes and even an addition.

The percentage of reduction of the opponent’s combat power and health had increased from 0.5 to 1, number of targets from 1 to 5 and even the option to detonate the opponents when the condition is met.

"Damn this is too dangerous, doesn’t it mean I can kill most of the opponents in less than 100 minutes, even making them explode!!"

Vritra muttered in excitement, he really wanted to try it so badly.

"That’s... a really great upgrade." Yasmine said, all the sin points so far were well spent.

"Haa so this is the scent of success." Vritra mumbled as he breathed in a sweet aroma, that pulled his body forward on its own.

"Huh, what smell?" Yasmine questioned, but before she could warn him, Vritra picked a flower from the ground and took a long whiff.

"Wait that’s the Dragon Enchant Flower!! Throw it away now." Yasmine warned but she was too late, Vritra had already inhaled its scent at such a close range.

He threw it away and in the next moment, he drew in a quick breath, shoulders hunching as his eyes shut tight and his hand involuntarily moved up to his mouth and then...

ACCHOOOOO!!

Whooosh

Several of the trees around Vritra broke apart as his body transformed into an enormous black dragon, which was easily visible even from a long distance.

Vritra had no time to make sense of the situation as Yasmine warned.

"Two people are approaching."

Vritra tried to return to his original form, but just as his body size started to reduce he sneezed again and was back to his complete dragon form.

’Fuck, what’s going on?’

Vritra cursed and was about to enter the fourth dimension when out of nowhere Yennefer appeared in front of him, she stared at him for a second before waving her hand.

Vritra was startled, thinking that she was finally here to take her revenge but then a strange layer surrounded him, making him disappear completely.

Not a moment later Vritra had disappeared, another person arrived there, Vritra couldn’t see what was going outside that protective layer but he could hear clearly.

"Human empress." A heavy voice of a man sounded, as he greeted Yennefer.

"..." There was a brief silence, then the man spoke again.

"By any chance do you happen to see a dragon around here? I am searching for a particular dragon who had run from the kingdom after committing an unforgivable crime.

I have heard a lot about you, empress, it would be a great help if you could tell me if you know anything about him." The dragon said.

Despite his polite words, his tone was full of pride, though he was still wary of Yennefer.

"I don’t know." Yennefer said and gave no other explanations, her voice sounded as chilly and emotionless as ever.

"I am sure I sensed the presence of a dragon from here, I had planted a Dragon Enchant Flower here as a trap, so please tell me if you know anything about this dragon."

The man persisted, his voice full of suspicion.

"Oh, do you think I am lying?"

A frightening aura surrounded a large part of the Night Forest, even Vritra could feel the suffocating pressure, it was like someone was trying to strangle him.

"Ah... calm down empress, that’s not what I meant.

How can someone of your position lie about something like this, please forgive me if my words were even a little offensive.

Maybe I felt wrong or maybe he was trying to play some trick on me." The man said, fear evident in his voice.

Even if he still suspected Yennefer, there was no way he would say that out loud in front of such a dangerous woman.

"Then leave!!" she added.

The dragon, who was about to speak further and about the destruction of the trees around her, paused and then nodded. It seemed he won’t be able to get any clue here.

With a slight whooshing sound he flew away, then there was complete silence.

Vritra waited for a while and after a minute or so the invisible layer disappeared, as his enormous dragon form came into view, while the empress turned to face him.

Vritra hurriedly returned to his normal form and hovered in the air, wiping away sweat from his forehead as he almost got caught by such a powerful enemy.

"Haa thank you, empress..." he spoke, heaving out a sigh of relief.

Yennefer fixed her eyes on him as her lips curled into a faint smile, then she spoke each word slowly: "Vritra, so it really was you!!"

Surprised, he finally remembered that he had forgotten to put on the appearance of Ben Tennyson just now. Clearing his throat, he spoke hesitatingly:

"H- Hello, Yennefer, it’s been long. Hmm what do you mean by that?"

"Heh, come here, I will explain in detail what exactly I meant."

The smile on her face widened, she really enjoyed scaring him, it felt like revenge for the time when she felt frustrated.

Vritra flew back as he landed on the ground at full speed, even with all his upgraded skills there was just no way he would be able to fight against the empress, so his best option was to try to run.

"Y- You know, I read in the horoscope today that people whose name starts with Y should not kill anyone today." Vritra said, while taking slow steps back.

"Okay, then I will just kill you half to death today and kill the remaining you tomorrow, that’s fine right?" Yennefer asked, as she slowly approached him, flying in his direction.

"..." Vritra was at a loss of words, wondering when did the empress became this talkative.

...

From a long distance away, Blunder who was responsible for trapping the empress shivered when he saw Vritra’s face, his whole body seemed to have tensed up.

Blunder, Faceless and Slave, the leader of Slave Beast Gang, were hiding far away in the Night Forest so they wouldn’t get caught by the empress, while trying to lure her towards their trap.

But unfortunately, Vritra was the one who was getting closer to the trap rather than Yennefer.

"Tch, who the hell is that boy? Where did he pop up from? If we fail this, then all of us are doomed, Blunder make it work somehow.

We only need to trap the empress— Blunder?" Slave looked to the side upon receiving no response from the crazy man.

And he was shocked to see that Blunder’s entire body was shivering violently as if he was watching the worst nightmare of his life on repeat mode, and his eyes had turned blood red.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...