Chapter 37: The Little Plunderer-2

Diana waited outside the inventory for a while and got bored.

’Let’s see which potions he had taken, I can ask someone to fill it up again later.’ She thought and decided to check the potion inventory. She remembered the exact number and position of each and every potion.

Without saying a word, she walked in through the white jade door. Just after entering, she staggered and almost fell forward, her eyes filled with disbelief as she stared all over the inventory.

There wasn’t a single soul potion left; the shelf was completely empty.

And most of the other potions were taken away by him. He still left many behind which he probably didn’t like, but more than half of the potions were gone just like that.

"D- Didn’t he say he took only a few? Is this what he meant by few?" Diana felt a sharp headache. This was clearly a robbery; how was she going to explain it to the others?

This was, after all, the royal family inventory. Even if they respected her, not only would her reputation be gone, but who knows—the king might ask someone from the Nine Pact to make her vanish.

"Oh!! T- The weapons..." Diana’s eyes widened as she remembered the robber had now gone into another treasure room. She rushed out of there and, without paying any attention to the guards, entered through the red door.

"!!!" Just as she expected, more than half of the weapons were gone. She took a long and cold breath, feeling her legs becoming weak. Then her gaze moved to the thief, who was busy hastily merging weapons or stuffing them into his inventory.

"S- Stop, Vritra!!" Diana spoke and rushed to his side. She held his hands and looked at him with a pleading look.

"You can’t take everything. Even I won’t be safe if you do that. Then who will keep your mother safe?" Diana said. She was well aware that since he was going out, the responsibility of Vanessa’s safety would fall on her.

"Yeah, you are right." Vritra forcefully suppressed his madness and greed as he pondered.

"How about we put up a show that someone stole them?" he suggested.

"Then all the guards standing outside and their families would be killed. It would be better if you just put them back for now. You can take whichever you like, a few—just a couple at a time." Diana said carefully. She believed that he had put all of them into his inventory.

"Hah, and now you care about other people’s lives?" he said with a mocking look but knew that he needed to solve this small problem he had just created.

Vritra glanced at the shining axes in his hands. They had already swallowed a lot of weapons, and he didn’t plan to return anything that he had already taken.

"Well, let’s do this..." After thinking for a while, he began to explain his plan to the goddess, who heard it all with a bewildered expression.

"Okay, that is the only way to shift the blame to others." Diana nodded. As she blinked her beautiful eyes, she suddenly wondered how she had ended up becoming his accomplice in crime.

"Since that is taken care of, let me take a few more weapons. This will go along better with our plan anyway." Vritra said and then continued with his plundering.

After over twenty minutes, Vritra and Diana walked out of the red door and once again entered the white jade door. She took the remaining potions as they prepared the stage.

Then Vritra took Zengis and put his friend back into the inventory. As the two parted ways like nothing out of the ordinary had happened, neither did the guards notice anything.

Before separating, Vritra had ordered Diana to take absolute care of his mother. She shouldn’t suffer even a little and be given whatever she wants. He even asked her to bring lots of barely alive demons to the castle so that Vanessa could give the finishing blow and level up.

After making all the rules clear, Vritra returned to his mother’s room where she was waiting for him. She had already prepared dinner for him by then.

The rest of the day passed quietly as the pair of mother and son spent all the time together chatting. It had been quite long since they talked like that.

Then night fell, and Vritra slept beside his mother.

Early in the morning, Vritra was all ready to go on this journey. He said goodbyes to his mother and advised her to stay in her room for the time being. Vanessa looked quite sad since they would have to be away from each other for over a month again.

But she didn’t try to stop him again. After leaving the castle, Vritra headed straight to the temple where Diana was already waiting for him. She stood calmly and proudly outside the temple.

Yet inside, she was feeling quite nervous. Vritra had emptied the biggest inventories of the royal family, after all.

"You are here." As Diana saw him approach, she smiled and acted all friendly even though she was so angry at him inside. The two chatted normally and walked towards the gate together.

All the guards and people passing by them looked at them and greeted the goddess respectfully. Vritra and Diana were just putting on a show to make everyone remember that Vritra had left the capital early in the morning. The more witnesses, the better, so that they wouldn’t associate him with the robbery that would happen later in the day.

Diana brought Vritra to the gate and bid him farewell.

"I hope your journey goes well this time." she said.

’I hope you really end up in some trap this time.’ she thought.

"Return safely and stronger than before." she said.

’Please don’t ever return. Just let me live in peace. I will keep your mother safe, so please find a dangerous place outside and rest there in peace for eternity.’ she thought.

Vritra smiled and nodded: "Don’t worry, goddess. I will return as soon as possible, and I will bring to you your favorite milk."

COUGH COUGH

While Diana appeared flustered, Vritra turned and walked away from the castle without glancing back. Now his next destination was the labyrinth with several goals to fulfil, where all of them led towards strength.

’This time I am fully prepared with all the necessary items.’ Vritra thought. Diana had even packed several boxes of food for him and even that especially made milk—several bottles of that mysterious yet delicious milk.

A lot of water and food. He was even carrying a bed; it seemed there was no limit to the size of items he could store in his inventory.

He walked for over a dozen minutes when Yasmine’s voice sounded in his head:

"I can sense a group of people following us."

’Yeah, I barely sensed it too. Though I am not surprised. I am even sure that one of them must be that commander who wanted to kill me and forced me to jump in that trap. Since I returned alive, of course they would be suspicious.’ Vritra added in his mind, but he acted as if he hadn’t felt anything.

__________

Thanks for reading...