Chapter 123: Puppets

"Along with those guards, I have even gathered the guards that had gone along with your group to the labyrinth, except for the guard commander," Dark Knight reported.

Vritra nodded. He was no longer in any mood to kill all these personally. So after looking over all the men, he brought out the Chimera and Hellmancer, then ordered:

"Kill all these men, and after you are done absorbing their souls, head directly to the labyrinth and to the lowest floor. Then start your training there. None of you can return until you have at least become Myriad Soul Wraiths."

Normally, if they fought for too long, their energies would be exhausted, but when killing so many demons, they would be easily able to replenish their energies from the souls.

Yasmine could control that trap even from afar, so as soon as these people entered, they would be bombarded with the strongest demons—and countless of them.

Levelling up from the soul of the Demon Lord was the best way for them to grow for now. Not to mention, Vritra would also be gaining levels at the same time.

"We understand, master," Dark Knight replied for the group of three.

After giving a few more instructions to the Soul Wraiths, Vritra turned around and flew away, completely ignoring the pleas of those guards.

A kingdom suffers when ruled by a rotten crown.

This was exactly what those lines meant—colluding with the Nine Pacts, the king had dug his own grave.

While Vritra was on the topic of revenge, he decided to settle one more score—with the commander of guards that had acted all high and mighty in the labyrinth.

He would never be able to forget that scene, that feeling of helplessness when he was forced into that death canopy. Vritra didn’t want to just inflict physical pain upon that commander; that would be too small. He needed to suffer more.

Hellmancer had followed that commander for a short time and had delivered most of the information about him to Vritra. The commander lived not far away from the castle boundary. By doing all the shady things, he had acquired quite a bit of fortune.

He had a happy family—a wife and two little kids.

Vritra headed directly towards the house of the commander, who should be at his home today.

...

After a few minutes, Vritra landed in front of a luxurious house. It was quite large and built in a spacious area with a big lawn outside.

Vritra walked towards the door and stopped in front of the guards standing there. He wore a mask on his face to hide his identity since he planned to stay in this kingdom for a few more days.

"Call the commander outside. I have some important orders to deliver to him," Vritra said, and to not waste time, he showed a seal of the king that he had borrowed from the goddess previously.

"O-Oh, yes sir, please give us a moment." One of the two guards nodded hastily and ran into the house.

It didn’t take long for the commander to come running out after hearing that someone had brought orders from the king himself. He was surprised to see the masked person there. The commander didn’t remember seeing someone like that before, but the royal seal was real, so he gestured for Vritra to enter.

"This place is fine to talk. This matter is of utter importance, so you shouldn’t share this with anyone else," Vritra said as he put away the royal seal.

"Yes, I understand. Please tell me what is it the king wants me to do," the commander spoke respectfully.

Vritra scanned the entire house with his senses and saw a woman playing with her children and a total of five servants working there.

He controlled dust, and suddenly all of them found themselves trapped in dust cocoons; they tried to break it but couldn’t—even their screams couldn’t leak out of it.

All the cocoons flew out of the house from behind, without anyone noticing.

After this was done, Vritra removed his mask and, with a smile, he spoke, "Long time no see, commander."

"!!!" The middle-aged man was shocked as he staggered backwards. How could he not remember that face even if it had changed quite a bit?

"Y-You... what are you doing here?" the commander asked in shock. He glanced back at his house and felt an inexplicable fear.

"We had a debt to settle between us, and I just came to get even with you," Vritra said as he wore back his mask and stood there calmly.

"Do you think you have the strength to threaten me?" the commander said with an icy expression, while internally he was panicking. He understood that everything Vritra had said before was just a lie.

"Of course. But you are not my target." Vritra raised his right hand, and suddenly the surroundings darkened slightly—almost as if the sun had started to set or it was covered by clouds.

The commander raised his head, only to see an enormous dark metallic ball that was at least as big as his house. It hovered in the air right above their heads.

"W-What are you talking abou—?" The commander was truly terrified. He felt that what he was fearing the most was about to come true.

Vritra waved his hand as the ball began to descend upon the house. Its speed was so fast that by the time the commander registered the changes, Bobby had crashed into the house, turning it into a complete mess.

"Nooooooooo!!" The commander screamed in horror. His wife, his children—they were still inside that house. But now...

Everything was gone in a moment. There was no way they would survive something like that. He fell to his knees as tears streaked down his cheeks. His soul itself seemed to have been pierced.

"So, commander, do you like my present?" Vritra asked, looking at the commander with an emotionless face.

"Y-You monster, how could you? M-My family... sob sob... how can you be so heartless? You bastard, how could you kill innocent children for sob... something they don’t even know about. You should have sob sob killed me.

H-How can this be... J-Joey... cough... I-I am sorry. It’s all my fault... my kids..." the commander rang like a broken record. He cried and sobbed for a few seconds.

The explosion had attracted a lot of attention. Although Bobby had already vanished, lots of people began to run into the lawn.

The commander pulled out a knife from his shoe, and in the next second, he stabbed it into his chest. He didn’t suffer much physically, yet he looked the most broken of them all.

Vritra vanished from there. He was done with killing most of his targets, but his mood was still quite bad. Of course, he wouldn’t kill those innocent people—they had just been moved behind the house.

As he flew back towards the temple, Vritra thought about puppets.

Greedy puppets, helpless puppets, weak puppets, strong puppets...

Controlled by strings and doing whatever the hands above them made them do—that’s how weak people live. None of them have any will of their own. Even someone powerful who is not truly powerful could be controlled by those puppet masters.

And Vritra would never want to be a puppet.

____________

Thanks for reading...