Chapter 669 The celebration

Standing on the balcony, Vritra gazed at the rewards he got from all 101 of the draws.

[14 Strength, 20 Agility, 18 Endurance, 20 Spiritual, 16 Free Attribute Points]

"Not bad, that's a lot of attribute points, I wonder if there will be more evolution after 200 points." Vritra spoke to himself.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 146)

(Agility: 153)

(Endurance: 148)

(Spiritual: 202)

{Free Attribute: 16}

』

{Sin Points: 676}

'I guess no evolution at 200 points, anyway my Spiritual attribute is already over 200.' The battle ahead would be very dangerous, so he would need all the strength he could get.

Especially now to protect the dragoness.

Then walking back, he joined his wives in the celebration, as lots of dishes were arranged.

"Wifey, this is for you from your brother." Vritra said as he handed over a simple-looking paper with strange patterns over it.

"Divine?" With a surprised look she took the paper as it instantly turned into ashes and faded.

"Huh? Did it work?" Yasmine couldn't feel any sort of change.

"It should have…" Vritra replied, not sure himself.

"Of course it did work, try pricking her skin with a pin or something." Divine said suddenly.

Frowning, Vritra first told her about it and Yasmine asked him to try it too.

So taking out a knife, he tried pricking her skin but just as the knife got closer, sparks flew around and a barrier appeared.

Instantly, Yasmine disappeared and teleported to stand right behind Vritra.

"Oh!"

"Told you, no matter what, you can leave her safety to that charm. Nothing on that planet can harm her." Divine said confidently.

'Thank you.' Vritra said, truly feeling grateful.

It really calmed them, with the safety of Yasmine and their child confirmed, they could continue to progress without any headache.

And now Vritra was even more motivated to finish this game as soon as possible, he didn't want Yasmine to give birth here after all.

"Wifey, how long will it take?" Vritra asked, gently caressing her cheek.

"As a dragon, it should take around a year, it isn't much different from humans, just a bit longer." She replied.

'One year… we will have to beat the players and this game before that then.' He thought.

Then he handed over the weapons he had just got.

Vritra had the spear and the others didn't really suit him, though he kept some just in case of emergency.

"Yenni, this is for you." Then he handed over the Elemental Core Ascension Path to Yennefer.

"Thank you husband." The empress said, looking at him passionately.

She too wanted to have a child with him as soon as possible, and experience the same joy as Yasmine.

It wasn't just her who looked at Vritra like that, even Vanessa wanted it.

…

Divine looked at them celebrating the event then he closed the scene before him and looked in a different direction.

"Can't wait any longer huh, guess things are about to get interesting." Stretching his arms, Divine got up.

He wasn't really surprised to see her go, he was instead surprised she had managed to hold back for so long.

"Looks like it is time to go out, haa so tiring to stay cooped up here." He walked in the endless white, a big smile stretching over his face.

He wondered how those gods were going to react when their well-planned game and all the hard work would go down the drain.

The god which got the Zoratian planet involved must have not known or probably didn't care that there existed the successor of the Divine.

Too bad, after things blow up, those gods would be in trouble as well.

Suddenly a door flashed open in front of Divine, stepping through it he disappeared.

***

After a whole day had passed, the sun had just gotten up, Vritra and the group were already ready to leave.

"Heh you must be happy that you are going to meet your beloved wife again." Ergen mocked.

"Tsk I would rather just have stayed here sigh…" Ming massaged his forehead, it was indeed a mistake to marry that sort of woman.

Initially he was thrilled by the sheer fact that he cucked Ergen, after this guy did so much for her, he was the one to take her.

But when he found himself on the receiving end of his wife's betrayal, only regret and an eternal enemy were left.

BANG

"Let's go, slaves." Shitless hit them with a whip, making the two jump in fright.

"Slaves don't talk until their great owner allows it, did you ask me before talking?" he shouted.

"M- Master, can we talk then?" Ergen asked, thankfully he didn't feel as much pain because of his ability.

"Hmph you dare question me?! You are asking for a beating!!" Shitless hit them again, making them cry in pain.

He laughed maniacally all the while, he was so into it.

While the two cursed him internally, wasn't he the one who asked them to question first?

'This Baldy bastard, he just beats us up at everything. And what even is he? Why is he red and so… ugly?'

"What? Why do you look at me as if I am something disgusting?" Shitless said, whipping out again.

"Alright time to leave." Vritra interrupted them as he climbed into his carriage.

Vritra lay in Teresa's lap, as the shy goth mommy fed him snacks and kissed him to fill his mouth with sweetness every now and then.

The carriage moved forward quickly with Ming and Ergen leading them forward.

From what he had heard, the glasses organization, which Ming was part of, had a cave of attribute stones.

So they planned to go there first, and increase their strength as much as possible before the battle against big groups.

Every now and then mutants ran towards the carriage but they would have their heads blown off.

"How far is their base?" Vritra asked.

"He mentioned it was like six or so kilometres, and after the apocalypse this place has grown too big." Maeve replied.

Her shadow ability was also great for sneaking around or hearing things from far away.

"I see." He sat up and looked out the window, the city was in complete ruins.

Buildings lay broken, roads were destroyed, everything covered in snow.

But now it seemed the temperature was dropping gradually, the snowfall had completely stopped.

"Looks like the snow is melting slowly." He muttered.

Then he frowned, instead of going straight according to the map, Ming and Ergen made them turn to take a detour.

"Is there something wrong with this path?" he questioned.

"Yes, Ergen just mentioned this place is marked as a forbidden zone by their groups." The demoness spoke.

She was keeping a close eye on the two guys.

"Hmm after getting more important, we will clear these forbidden zones too." Vritra decided as they continued to march forward.

After travelling a few kilometres and killing a lot of mutants along the way, the two carriages came to a stop.

"Are we there already?" Vritra sat up and looked outside but found the road ahead blocked.

It seemed to be a human-made blockage, and several men were standing there.

"Do they want to take a toll or something? Or want to attack us?" Vritra wondered as he got out of the carriage.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... 