Chapter 222: Punishment

"Henry, do you want to die?" Vritra’s words froze everyone. They stared at him in shock. He was talking to the king of the kingdom — they couldn’t understand how he suddenly became so fearless.

On the other hand, Henry was the most shocked as he stared blankly at Vritra. Hearing such disrespectful and threatening words from a random boy, he should have gotten angry, he should have given him a death sentence instantly — it was blatant blasphemy.

But for some unknown reason, a fear rose from deep within the king; he felt that the boy in front of him might really deliver his threat. He stood there with his fists clenched and his heart beating wildly.

"I- It’s all our fault. I am sorry for showing you such poor hospitality. I will make sure nothing of this sort happens with our important guests. I am sorry. This won’t happen again, so please just spare my son." After a few seconds’ pause, Henry finally spoke, and his words shook everyone even more.

He is a prideful king after all. They expected him to kill Vritra right away after he said those words, but instead, it was the king who acted humble.

’I- Is the king afraid of him?’ everyone had this thought. Everyone stood silently — even the protectors had stopped their attempts to hurt Vritra. The whole space was frozen as they waited for Vritra to make a decision.

The prince lay on the ground, his clothes spoiled as he clung to his father’s feet, rubbing his snot and tears against his father’s clothes, shivering in fear.

He just wanted to leave. For the first time in his life, he had regretted his decision. He couldn’t understand why even his almighty father had lowered himself in front of Vritra.

"Aaaaaaaah B- Brother-in-law, uwaaaah h- help me pleaseeeee sob sob it hurtsssss agghhhhh," the fat man screamed. The dust particles had already torn all the skin on his body, and now his muscles and flesh were completely visible.

Even the slightest touch made him feel as if a burning iron rod was pressed against him. The fatty flailed his limbs helplessly in the air, feeling an extreme amount of pain.

"Uh C- Can you spare—" the king had just started to speak when suddenly, fatty’s arms and legs twisted backward, his tongue was pulled out, and his eyeballs gouged out of his eye sockets. His flesh was torn as the fatty lost consciousness.

THUD

Then he fell limply to the ground, barely breathing.

"Fine, since you asked, I will spare his life." Vritra said. The fatty might be breathing, but all four of his limbs were gone. Even if they fed him great potions, he probably wouldn’t survive.

"Now, for your son..." Vritra’s gaze now moved to the rotten prince who was hiding behind his father. King Henry’s heart clenched at the sight of the fat manager.

Every fibre and cell of his body was pushing away the idea of fighting Vritra, so the king hoped Vritra could spare the youngest prince.

"..." After thinking for a few seconds, he finally spoke:

"Fine, I will spare him since you asked so nicely. But this pig needs to be punished, and I will do it my way. And don’t worry, I won’t torture him like that fatass. His punishment will be very simple."

"O- Okay..." Henry agreed. He had always overlooked his youngest son’s mischievous crimes, but it seemed his jokes might have become way too cruel and evil, so a small punishment might not be a bad thing.

"B- But sob sob father, you need to k- kill him—" the young prince started crying and spoke in a pitiful tone.

"Shut up. This is your mess, so face it yourself." King Henry kicked the prince away, then turned and walked off. This prince might be his favourite, but he had many children, so he wouldn’t put his life in danger because of one or two.

"Now, are you ready for your punishment?" Vritra’s lips curled into an evil smile as he looked at the frightened prince, who shivered and fainted.

’B- Brother-in-law is a little too scary...’ the crown prince thought.

***

Vritra decided to give a punishment that no one would be able to forget for hundreds of years, and with this, he also planned to get some sin points; after all, who wouldn’t be interested in seeing a prince being punished publicly?

He called Monk Shitless, giving him a little bit of free time from his Sonia character. Vritra explained the punishment to Shitless, and he was instantly overjoyed. This strange monk truly loved chaos.

It was around three in the afternoon, right outside the castle.

The news of the punishment had already spread like wildfire all across the city, so a lot of people had gathered to see the punishment along the streets.

Vritra stood to the side while Monk Shitless held a thin and long green stick that seemed really elastic. He waved it in the air with a big grin on his face.

While the prince stood there with a terrified expression, he had heard what sort of punishment he was going to get, and he was ashamed and shocked at the same time.

How could someone treat a prince like that in his own kingdom? He couldn’t understand what his father was thinking to allow something like that — isn’t disrespecting the prince a direct slap to the king?

"Oye, what are you daydreaming about? Get started. We don’t have all day to waste." Monk Shitless acted even mightier against the meek prince.

"P- Please, can we just forget the p- punishment? I will give you whatever you want, so please..." the prince pleaded, tears streaming down his cheek.

"Sigh. Are you starting or do you want to get the same punishment as your uncle?" Vritra said emotionlessly. Fatty was already dead.

"... I will do it." The prince finally spoke. Then, after looking at his surroundings and seeing the gazes of everyone in the crowd, he really felt like dying.

But hardening his heart, he began to remove his clothes until he was only in his thong. To preserve a little bit of the dignity of the prince who was soon going to die, Vritra allowed him to at least wear a thong.

"Keke. Start already, you bastard." Monk Shitless said as he hit the ground with the stick, creating a loud noise that made the prince shiver.

After gulping his saliva, the prince sat on all fours like a dog.

SLAP

Monk Shitless hit the prince’s butt with the thin stick as he let out a loud scream and a deep red mark appeared on his skin.

"Get moving and speaking, you useless spoiled bastard." Shitless said. He really seemed to be enjoying this.

And so the prince began to drag his shivering body forward, walking like a dog in the streets of the city while constantly shouting one line in between his sobs and cries.

"I- I, Prince Henry Jr the 14th, am a man with ten fathers..." the prince spoke meekly, while walking slowly, feeling countless gazes on his body.

SLAP

"You pig, speak loudly." Monk Shitless hit his butt again with even more force.

"sob Uwaaaah I, PRINCE HENRY JR THE 14TH, AM A MAN WITH TEN FATHERS!!" the prince shouted.

Vritra walked calmly beside the two as he farmed sin points.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...