Chapter 664 Rest

Vritra looked at the group of people, who shivered as the bodies of the mutants exploded.

He then glanced around but found it hard to know his exact location, so jumping off the body of the dead mutant,

he walked towards the group.

"Come here." He said, and both Ming and Ergen shivered, meekly walking over.

"Where am I?" Vritra questioned.

"T- This is the Riverdel city, j- just the outer part though…" Ergen spoke, his voice thick as ever.

"I see, the bird flew straight from that direction?" pointing back, Vritra continued.

Both Ming and Ergen nodded hurriedly, fearing that this guy might really kill them.

"Alright, stay here." After speaking, Vritra turned, bloody energy blasted out of his feet as he flew away.

In an instant he had disappeared from their sight, the group fell to the ground, all gasping for breath.

The pressure he put was too suffocating, just by being here.

With his new abilities, he could even continue to fly.

'They shouldn't be far.' Vritra looked around, all his wounds from earlier had already been healed.

Quickly, he crossed the boundary of the Riverdel city, each explosion making him shoot forward.

Before long, he heard the noise of mutants screaming.

It seemed there was a fight breaking out, and Vritra felt his family might be fighting against the mutants.

So he sped up, but upon getting closer, he came across a rather strange sight, it was indeed his family.

The two carriages were running in a line, the women were in the one at the back, while Shitless and Onest were on the front one.

Shitless, who looked like a mutant, was tied outside the carriage.

And dozens of mindless mutants were screaming in terror as they fled away from the carriage, as if Shitless was carrying some plague.

Even the mutants were so scared of this guy?

But Shitless sure seemed mad being tied outside like that, cursing at Onest.

Shaking his head, he landed in front of the fast moving carriages.

The scared mutants were thrown away as their bodies burst out, the wolves stopped, their feet slipping over the snow.

"P- Pitiful one?!!" Shitless looked shaken and then began to beg.

"T- This mugger tied me, SOB if my Bullo was here, he wouldn't dare do anything, you have to beat his ass."

"Alright alright, I will make him pay." Vritra cut the ropes as Shitless fell face first into the snow.

The others quickly rushed out when the carriages stopped abruptly.

All the women were overjoyed to see him perfectly fine, all of them jumping into his arms.

"Dear, are you alright?" Diana checked his body for any injury and sighed in relief.

"Yes I am fine, that player didn't attack you right?" Vritra asked, a frown appearing on his face.

Although he was badly injured, he still might have some tricks up his sleeves.

"No, he ran away during the chaos, I am sure he must have run to the Riverdel city." Vanessa spoke before explaining herself.

Earlier using manipulation and hypnosis, she was able to peek into his memories and knew he was going there.

"Some beast cave or something is present there, and that guy knows a big treasure will be appearing there so he will definitely go.

He drew most of his strength from his underlings, they are all gone now, he might try to get more puppets." She added.

"Yeah he must have already fled to the Riverdel, I doubt he would stay here. Anyway, let's go there, we need to find more about that place too."

Getting into the carriages, they began to move forward.

Morgan, who was badly injured by Teresa, had already left the city, trying to find powerful underlings or team up with other players.

Vritra, lying comfortably in Yennefer's lap, heard her speak of everything that happened after he fell unconscious.

He was surprised Teresa was able to hurt Morgan, and so badly at that.

Sitting up, he patted her head, smiling:

 "Tess, you have done great. There are some people in this world who don't deserve our kindness, we just have to distinguish, and by removing those pests you will be saving innocent people."

Tess nodded, leaning into his arms. At first it bothered her. Hurting another person was the last thing she ever wanted to do before, but hearing his words made her relax and feel better.

'I was right, if my husband says so then I am.' She thought, and felt that she should help him in clearing the scum.

While chatting, the carriages quickly entered the Riverdel city and before long they arrived at the place where the big corpse lay.

"Woah, this thing is so big!" Shitless peeked out and exclaimed.

Ming and Ergen were still standing there, they were so afraid they didn't dare move at all.

Only the strongest members of their organization could kill something like that, or maybe not even them, Vritra was far from ordinary.

"S- Sir, you are back!" they hurriedly approached as Vritra got out of the carriage.

But were shocked as one stunning woman after another walked out of the carriage, each sending their minds into a daze.

"Are you part of some organization or are you the leaders?" Vritra asked, he could use these guys to obtain more information about this place.

"W- We are just stationed here as patrol, we are not leaders!" Ming replied hurriedly, both were sweating badly.

Each of the groups had nearly 12 to 13 members, all trembling in fear.

"I see, tell me about these groups of yours, how strong are the people and mutants here? Or include anything special you know." Vritra said, as he stood with his hands folded.

Shitless ran and kicked the large bird a few times, wondering if there was some treasure inside.

Unfortunately, there was not.

"Y- Yes, I am Ergen, from the Eagles and this piece of shit- I mean Ming is from Glasses. Our groups could be considered mid here, compared to Doven this city is far too dangerous.

There are a lot of powerful mutants even scarier than that bird, that's why we stay on the outskirts." Ergen spoke.

"A- And there are a few powerful groups like the Doctors, the Cinema and a few others. O- Oh right, there are a few places our leaders declared forbidden in the city, anyone who goes there dies a- and there are also some mines, and um we don't know many things…"

Not to be outdone by his enemy, Ming spoke quickly.

"I see, which of you knows this place better?" Vritra asked.

They looked at one another and knew Vritra might be planning to bring them inside, they wouldn't want to go in that dangerous place, so both remained silent.

But suddenly a bald head appeared between the two, red and scary, speaking in a frightening tone: "One will go with us and the other will be killed…"

Uwaaaah!!

Both jumped away in fright, ready to attack the mutant, earlier they hadn't noticed Shitless because they were dazzled by the women's beauty.

"He is with me, anyway answer." Vritra interrupted their attack, repeating.

"I- I will go with you sir, I know every nook and cranny of this place, I can help you with whatever you want!!" Ergen said quickly.

"As if you can, no one respects you, you are called a cuck, they all laugh behind your back. I am the perfect man for this job sir, bring me!!"

Both began to fight, Vritra rolled his eyes, this monk sure loves to cause chaos.

While the two guys were fighting, he looked back and saw everyone looked exhausted after the last battle.

Although his body had healed, he too felt a bit tired, it was very taxing.

"Alright, decide that later, first show me where you are staying. We will rest for a while."

He touched his neck, his muscles were tense. At least he had killed that butcher during the fight, giving him a slow and painful death.

Thinking about it, he had gotten so used to it that taking others' lives was as easy as a walk for him.

"Yes sir, please come with us, our home isn't too far away." Ming spoke.

Vritra's gaze then moved onto the tree not far away, he noticed the ascension path stone.

The two men hoped Vritra wouldn't notice it, but now they could just sigh.

With a snap of his finger, the stone which resembled a fruit flew towards him.

He had already handed the Flame Body ascension path to Fiona and the Mind Eye to Vanessa, since it suited her far more.

Vritra could easily get the ones that suited him more through the sin system, his power had increased this much only because Blood Demon suited him so much.

He looked at the new path stone.

[Metal Body Ascension Path!]

"Oh! Shitless, this is for you." After reading its name, Vritra tossed the stone directly to the monk.

Shitless caught it and smiled ear to ear.

"Haha Thank you pitiful one, about my earlier request…" he asked, rubbing his palms.

Vritra looked at the clueless Onest, after a sigh he nodded, Onest had it coming after using the monk like that.

"Let's go, lead the way and don't think of trying anything. I will kill you all so painfully that you would want to commit suicide, understand?"

With an emotionless face he muttered, Ming and Ergen nodding quickly.

The carriages started to follow the two groups who were running on their feet, as evolvers, this speed wasn't too taxing for them.

Soon they arrived in front of a building, both of them were staying in it, despite the hate they chose safety.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios