Chapter 291: Secret Realm

Inside a small room, around a round table several men were seated, creating a tense atmosphere. They silently stared at the centre of the table.

Faceless, Blunder, the Leader of the Slave Beast Gang, and a person with a strangely twisted body sat there. There were two humans and two demons.

Faceless was wearing a mask, while Blunder was covered in ragged clothes, a strong stench of blood coming from his body. All the wounds he got after his fight with Vritra hadn’t healed yet.

The leader of the Slave Beast Gang was, in reality, a demon who had disguised himself as a human and had obtained a significant amount of power in the White Kingdom.

The fourth person was a demon working under the demon general who was about to wage war against the White Kingdom.

"There is no need for so many of our brethren to die. Just give me a few more years and these humans will obediently start following us. I have already got over half of the people here." Slave spoke. His appearance was of a charming man in his thirties with a powerful aura.

Slave and Beast were two demons working under the same demon general. Slave’s strength was his brain, while Beast was, just as his name suggested, only brute force.

His body structure was quite strange, with four arms, a curved back, and skin that looked as if it was covered by moss.

BAM!

Slamming his fist against the round table, Beast spoke: "The time you asked for is already over. There is no way we would waste such a good opportunity where the king has disappeared mysteriously."

"It is exactly because of the king’s disappearance that I am even more sure that I will be able to—" Slave started speaking but was interrupted by Beast in the next moment:

"You know, our general is the one to make the choice. We just follow his orders. So just use whatever strength you have gathered so far and make it easier for us to win this war."

"Sigh... Fine, if that’s the general’s orders..." Slave agreed with a helpless sigh.

"Yeah, the plan will be starting soon but..." Beast frowned and asked in an angry voice: "What are these two humans doing here?!!"

"These are the leaders of the White Kingdom’s branch of the Bone Blood Cult and Nine Pacts—Blunder and Faceless." Slave introduced the two men, who had been silent till now.

"I asked, what are these two humans doing in our meeting?" Beast’s voice rose even higher. He looked like he was about to go berserk.

"These two friends of mine could be of great help to us in our upcoming war. Why don’t the two of you tell us how you could be of use to us?" Slave said, his voice still calm.

"I am Faceless. The Nine Pacts has been working in the White Kingdom longer than you know, and as you know we are conducting a few special researches—" Faceless started explaining.

"Just get to the damn point." Beast spoke with a menacing gaze.

"Sigh... Beast, be careful of your tone. Don’t think for a moment that I am afraid of you. Hoo... anyway, as I was saying, one of those special researches could help you not only win the war but even increase the strength of your demons." Faceless said.

"And what is it you want in return?" Beast spoke. His temper was bad, but he wasn’t stupid.

"It isn’t anything too precious, just a little something for our research." After a pause he added: "A constant supply of demons."

Beast stared at him for a few seconds, but then without saying anything he turned to look at Blunder and asked: "And what about you?"

"Heh, I have a way to make any and every one of your strongest opponents inside the White Kingdom disappear without a trace—forever." Blunder said, a wide grin on his face which was also covered by a mask.

"Oh, elaborate." Beast showed interest as he leaned onto the table.

"Have you heard about... the Divine?" Blunder said and looked at everyone’s reaction, then he continued: "I guess you have at least heard his name.

Aside from the fact that he is an extremely powerful being to the point that he could even kill gods, I don’t know anything about him.

But recently, in this kingdom, we have discovered one of his secret realms—or so we believe it is—since whoever entered it to explore never returned.

In other words, we have found the entrance to the Divine’s secret land. No matter who enters it, they will never return, though even I don’t know what happens to them inside."

"Divine..." Beast wanted to hear more about Blunder’s plan, but first he asked: "And what exactly is it you want for helping us?"

"Chaos, death, bloodshed, and... revenge." Blunder said as he shivered at the nightmarish memory, the wounds on his body still making him feel the pain.

The two demons smiled. A great chaos was about to envelop the White Kingdom as the demons shook hands with two of the strongest evil organisations.

’Just you wait, Vritra, I will erase you from every nightmare of mine.’ Blunder thought. He was ready to do anything just to kill Vritra.

***

Vritra was heading back towards the castle when he suddenly felt a shiver. He looked around but didn’t find anyone, so shrugging his shoulders he started walking.

"He should be here by now. I wonder when can I meet him." Vritra mumbled to himself as he scanned his surroundings for any kind of commotion, but there was none, so Monk Shitless wasn’t there yet.

"They will start puking blood if those Golden Moon members were to know who they just allowed to join." Yasmine spoke, feeling amused by the whole situation.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

Just as his body disappeared, Vritra rose into the air and then flew towards the gates of the White Kingdom. He needed Monk Shitless’s help to earn a lot of sin points.

’I have seen in several movies where the criminal and the police are the same person. They are often quite fun.’ Vritra said. After leaving that field, he had removed the Shift, so his body was in its weakened state right now.

While the two were talking, Vritra finally heard loud shouts from near the gate, and as he got closer he saw a small crowd forming at the entrance.

’Now what kind of trouble has he gotten himself into?’ Vritra shook his head. If Monk Shitless was the one to receive the Divine Sin Wheel, then he would certainly be getting a lot more sin points.

"Arrest this demon for interrogation!!" one of the kingdom guards shouted as they circled around a bull on which a person was seated.

"Like I said, I am not a demon." The person on the bull said in a very heavy tone.

Vritra got out of the Fourth Dimension and passed through the crowd, and after getting closer he finally got a good look at Monk Shitless.

"Pfffttt... M- Monk Shitless, is that you?" Vritra barely stopped himself from laughing as he saw a swollen baldie. He looked as if he had been intimately kissed by lots of bees.

"Pitiful one!! They think I am a demon, please help me..." Monk Shitless pleaded.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...