Chapter 89: Golden Moon

Vritra pondered for a moment and replied, "...As long as helping you doesn’t put me at risk and you don’t bring me any trouble—so yeah, I will help you."

"That’s great!!" Monk Shitless exclaimed, looking quite excited. Then he bowed and bid farewell.

"Pitiful one, let’s meet inside that place. I am very good at hiding, so you might not recognize me until the very end, and I will gesture when I need that one help." After speaking, Monk Shitless climbed onto his bull and hit its butt as the two ran away at full speed.

Vritra couldn’t understand his ways or motives. He did seem like a genuine fortune teller, but he acted very strangely and shamelessly. Vritra decided not to think about it and continued with his journey.

He flew up again and continued to head toward the Divine Sin Tomb, while collecting lots of Sin Points along the way.

******

Outside the cave of the Nine Pacts, everyone was already gathered. Aside from the Doctors, who were managing and looking over the experiments, everyone else was going to head toward the tomb.

The seven marked leaders stood in front of their teams. They were controlling a total of over five thousand men. Originally, they only had around two thousand, but they called all the nearby forces and gathered just this much. Their levels weren’t too high; the highest ones among them were up to level 600, which were few.

They had sent the information back about the tomb, but they had no choice but to enter as soon as possible since the information had been leaked to that annoying organization.

If they were too late, then the treasure would be taken away.

"Is everything ready?" Number One asked. He was the collective leader even among the seven leaders and was the strongest in the group.

"Yes, let’s just leave and have some fun. I’ve been getting pretty bored in this backside kingdom. You won’t even let me slaughter too much," Number Three spoke, acting pitiful.

"Don’t act reckless inside. We are already acting without instructions from higher ups because of the urgency of the matter. If you mess up inside, then I would be the one to kill you," Number Two spoke in his usual solemn voice.

"Oh come on, won’t it be fine as long as we get that treasure, even if it means sacrificing a few or maybe all these people? And there is nothing I enjoy more than slaughtering those annoying dogs." Number Three spoke as he tried to lick his blade, but it only ended up slicing his mask in two.

"Damn it, stop breaking your masks. This is already the twenty fifth. If you keep on going like this, then you’ll have to go around with that stupidly ugly face of yours." Number Four shouted as he brought out a small silver cube and then took out a mask from it before sending it at Number Three.

"Hehe, sorry, I’ll be careful now. This will be the last," Number Three grinned.

"Stop it. Let’s not waste any more time here. The tomb has already been awakened. We have to hurry before those dogs arrive there," Number Six said after reading a paper. He had given a mission to one of the assassination organizations a couple of days ago and had just received their report about the target.

Soon, the group of five thousand people moved together as they headed deeper into the forest. They ran for nearly twenty or so kilometers, taking several turns and even passing through all kinds of traps before finally arriving at a rather simple looking place.

It looked like a large house built in the middle of nowhere a very long time ago. Its condition had greatly deteriorated now, and it seemed the house might fall apart at any moment.

"Everyone be careful inside. Don’t make any moves without permission—there will be death at every step," Number One announced. They had no info about the inside of this place, since the scouts never returned after entering.

They all began to enter through the large door of the old house. Still, it took a few minutes for all five thousand people to gather. They found themselves standing in a silent, dark space that seemed to stretch endlessly, but they could still see each other perfectly fine. Everyone was already getting dangerously tense vibes.

Some distance in front of them stood a large and majestic looking gate, with something written on it in a language none of them could decipher—but they knew it was the tomb they were searching for.

"Should we enter?" Number Seven asked, but Number One only shook his head and remained silent.

Soon they heard the sound of footsteps and chatter from the entrance of this dark space, and then people wearing white robes charged into the dark area. They all wore white masks and looked no weaker than those in the black robes.

Within a few minutes, a group of similar size—or maybe slightly bigger—had gathered on the other side from the Nine Pacts. Leading them were six leaders. They wore golden masks, each one symbolizing a different animal.

The leader wore a dragon mask, while the ones under him wore lion, monkey, fox, and bear masks. Their auras weren’t at all weaker than the numbered leaders of the Nine Pacts. The two groups now numbered more than ten thousand.

"Hahaha! So the sniffing dogs of the Golden Moon followed us here. No wonder you people are praised for wiggling your tails loyally," Number Three was the first one to pass a remark as he looked at the other group in disdain.

"Hmm? Did you hear oinking from somewhere? Sigh... the Golden Moon needs to work harder to eliminate all the pests. Look—even pigs are moving around such places in groups now. The world sure is going down the gutter." The fox masked man from the other side said, clearly annoyed.

"Keke, bastard! Wanna have a go at me?" Number Three pulled out his blade and took a menacing step forward.

"Huh? Why hasn’t the oinking stopped yet? Is the little pig hungry or too horny?" the fox said in a mocking tone.

"Yes, this pig is horny. Wanna have a taste? Just let me use you real quick," Number Three said as he licked his blade. As his mask broke, he had sacrificed his self respect for a comeback.

"No thanks. I hate it the most when pigs like you try to stick their sticks where they shouldn’t enter. Be careful, or you might end up losing your stick—oh, I mean your life," the fox masked man spoke.

"How about—" Number Three began to speak again but was interrupted by Number One, who frowned and scolded him:

"Enough with your bickering. Don’t make a fool of yourself."

Then Number One and the dragon masked man looked at each other and nodded. They were enemies, but they weren’t going to start fighting here—at least until one side had obtained the treasure from the tomb, they would not interfere with one another.

This was a kind of silent pact.

"Now that all of us are here, let’s enter. I doubt anyone else was able to obtain this information. Let’s hurry up a bit," Number Two said.

STEP STEP

Just then, the sound of footsteps echoed.

____________

Thanks for reading...