Chapter 467: Scum

All the succubi who were in the meeting had red faces, their minds and imaginations going on the wrong route.

’Sigh, I hope he stays safe.’

Gia had never seen a man like him; no wonder all the women in the city fell for him after seeing him once.

"Stop dawdling, he is already gone." Gia’s shout brought them out of their stupor.

***

Vritra quickly arrived in the cloud city.

The Ghazi Curry was as empty as before.

He directly flew towards the arena, finally planning to start the game.

The audience must already be going crazy.

’I need to earn lots of sin points again.’

Vritra thought, but before reaching the arena, he paused over a market.

Although the whole place was still covered by mist, because of the game, the population of the cloud city had increased greatly.

The market was bustling with crowds, and everyone was busy with their work.

In the street, several men and women were about to beat up a girl who seemed no older than five years.

She lay on the road, her clothes dirty and old, and it seemed she had tried to steal money but got caught.

"I can’t believe the streets of the cloud city are getting dirty with such trash.

These slum rats only know how to steal." One of the men spoke as he pushed the girl back.

"Tsk, why would you have children if you can’t even take care of them?

Turning them into disgusting thieves, dirtying the city’s environment." A woman added, her face covered with arrogance.

"It’s not about money; she only stole a copper coin, but if she doesn’t learn a lesson today, then she’ll get used to it. In her parents’ place, we have to teach her. Let’s give her a small beating."

The shop owner who caught her said righteously.

But seeing the crowd that was about to beat her up, it was evident she would be beaten to death.

’Sigh, these wannabe good guys.

Teach your kids at home if you are so concerned.’ Vritra shook his head and landed behind the crowd.

His appearance had already changed.

Then he pushed through them forcefully, and the ones getting pushed suddenly became angry before fearfully moving away upon getting a glance of Vritra.

"How much did she steal from you?" He questioned, looking directly at the shop owner.

"Uh... S-She stole one— cough, ten copper coins." The man with a fat belly spoke. He was getting bored, so he blew up the whole thing.

In her hurry, she had just forgotten to pay for the fake lucky ring he was selling.

"Here, take this silver coin and get lost." Vritra spoke, throwing a silver coin at his feet, wishing to end the matter fast so he could go start the game.

"Ah!" The man hurriedly picked up the coin and stuffed it into his pocket, gloating internally.

Vritra helped the girl stand, then dusted off her clothes. There was only one light bruise on her knee.

Then, clearing his throat, he added in a rather arrogant tone, "Like I said, this was not about money, but since you paid for her, I’ll let this one slide as long as she apologizes."

"Sigh..." Vritra sighed, scratching his head. Then he looked to the side where the makeshift stall was present.

It was filled with rings, paper charms, and other such fake ritual materials.

"Did you take permission to sell your stuff here? You’re out here scamming people, shouldn’t you be arrested?" Vritra added.

"W-Who the hell are you? Are you related to this girl? Ha! What a family of thieves, trying to blame me now?"

For a moment, he got scared, seeing Vritra’s physique, but seeing the crowd, he regained confidence.

The crowd seemed to be taking his side after all.

"Is that so?" Vritra nodded, then took out his Golden Moon emblem, instantly scaring the shopkeeper and shocking the crowd.

"For illegally operating your business here in the street and scamming innocent citizens, I’ll be detaining your stall and money."

After saying that, Vritra glanced at the stall, and in the next moment, it flew up into the sky, and the mist cleared up in the surrounding area.

Then it exploded in a beautiful firework.

"Noooooo, my precious!!" The shopkeeper screamed, but he felt something wriggle in his pocket, and then the storage glyph flew out.

"Guards, throw him in prison and take away this crowd for questioning."

Vritra ordered, calling the guards who were suddenly teleported there from a mile away.

"H-Huh? How am I here? Oh, Golden Moon! Yes, sir, I’ll do that." The guards instantly detained the shopkeeper and took the crowd away.

"Are you alright?" Vritra touched the little girl’s arm as her body healed instantly.

"Y-Y-Yes..." The girl was still shaken, trembling in fear.

"Sigh, where are your parents? Can you return to your home?" He asked, patting her head, and the girl calmed down a bit as she wiped her tears.

"Yes." She replied, tightly clutching the hem of her clothes.

"M-My father went to buy some medicines f-for my mother. She is really sick." She finally said.

"What’s your name?" Vritra asked.

"I am A-Amy." She replied.

"So you bought this ring for your mother? Tell me, where is your house? I’ll take you back." Vritra took her hand and spoke.

After slight hesitation, she finally started pointing towards her house as the two began walking.

While chatting, the two arrived at her house within a few minutes. It was a small house in the slums.

Vritra had already noticed General Sirius, who had been following them secretly.

"She is my mother..." Amy spoke upon entering the house, pointing towards a sickly middle-aged woman lying on the bed.

’She looks pretty sick, but I think I can heal her.’ Vritra thought as he approached the bed and used his skill.

The diseases and injuries in her body quickly healed, and within mere moments, her condition became better than ever.

"Here, take some money. This will help you." Vritra took out a paper bag, putting it over the table.

It was filled with a few hundred gold coins. With this, the family would be able to live comfortably.

"T-Thank you." Not aware of how much Vritra had helped her, the girl bowed but remembered something after a moment.

"W-Would you like to eat something?" Though this was what her parents taught her, there was barely anything to eat in the house.

"No, your mother will be fine." Vritra said, turning around and moving out of the house.

He wasn’t worried that they would be robbed since General Sirius would take care of everything.

’What a good guy, but this might just make more trouble for them.’ He smiled and decided to help the family.

...

A few minutes later, Vritra arrived in the arena, and finally, the game started.

The number of sin points once again began to rise quickly.

Onest had arranged more test subjects, but the public missed the two main ones, Piggy and Raelion.

Some time passed. Vritra was just wondering who he should target next when he saw a special guest walk into the arena.

"Oh, why is he here?" Vritra wondered and decided to call for a break as he went to meet the new guest.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...