Chapter 527 Confused

'Shitless too had a dream? Or was it one of his divinations of sorts?' Vritra wondered, knowing not to take his advice lightly.

"Anyway I need some time to think, I will be leaving now." Vritra said as he got up and flew away.

"Bye bye." Yasmine waved her hand and hurriedly followed behind her husband.

The two soon disappeared, leaving behind the four women with serious expressions.

"V- Vritra is getting married? He is getting another wife?" Onest asked, surprised and shaken.

'What is he? A monster?' the professional thief felt a shiver just by thinking of having so many women.

The four looked at him and then just left, their own thoughts were quite messed and strange.

Of course, in a normal case none of them would want to add more women in his life and share his love.

But from what they had seen, Vritra needed that very woman in his life in the future.

And it would be good to have her around, that is if she isn't actually as fragile as the rumours say.

…

Flying at a high speed, Vritra and Yasmine arrived into the Yate realm rather quickly.

He lay back on his bed with the dragoness lying beside him, her head over his chest; arm and legs wrapped around him.

'There are just two options in sight, either try to obtain the information forcefully in which case I might have to annihilate the whole Ford family.

And the second to go along the already set arrangement.' Staring at the ceiling he thought, it was still around the time of evening, the guards already informed Gunter that Vritra was back.

So the monarch asked the cooks to create several special dishes, planning to eat together after such a long time.

"Wifey, can you tell me more about this dream of yours? Or just help me somehow with this whole situation?" Vritra turned, facing the dragoness who was too busy listening to his heartbeat.

Since both the hearts were beating together, so it was one loud sound.

"I really can't tell you about the dream even if I want to, the only thing I know is that Teresa was a part of it and it might be a glimpse of future maybe…

Anyway, as for whether to kill them all or marry into the family, hmmm my thoughts are biased because of that dream, I think a marriage is better." Yasmine replied, speaking seriously.

Honestly, she too felt the whole situation was quite absurd, wondering why Divine wanted Vritra to marry that woman.

"But make your decision after you see her tomorrow, whatever you choose, I will always support you." After speaking, she pressed her lips against his, making him feel relaxed.

Finally his mind was off that whole topic as he focussed on the dragoness; how could he hold back when she kept teasing like that.

Soon the room was covered by a few barriers as the two threw their clothes away, embracing each other.

Their bodies were sticking tightly, skin rubbing directly as the two kissed passionately.

Before long, Vritra's face was near her vagina, as he got ready to eat her up.

The dragoness really loved it a lot, always asking to start the whole session with it.

Her sonorous moans soon flooded the room, as his lips fell over her moist lower lips, then his tongue delved into her tight pussy.

After eating her up twice, Vritra finally thrust his rock hard cock into her wet and tight cave, as the dragoness's body twisted under his weight.

It was their third round when a knock on the door interrupted them.

Yasmine was sitting on top of Vritra, her voluptuous body bouncing over his member, as she twisted and rotated her waist.

"Young master Art, Monarch has asked if you would like to eat dinner together with them."

The guard asked nervously; for obvious reasons, most people in the Yate family were more afraid of Vritra than even Gunter.

"… Alright, I will be out in a few minutes." After a moment Vritra replied before blocking off all sounds again.

Then clutching Yasmine's soft ass, Vritra increased the speed of thrusting, feeling the tip of his cock pressing something soft deep inside her.

Soon, the dragoness felt her belly getting flooded by his burning hot essence for the third time.

"Haa I am so hnn~ full, hubby, Mhmm~ I wonder how long it would take…" Yasmine lay to the side, his cock sliding out of her vagina.

She rubbed her belly, feeling his semen making the walls of her womb stretch, getting filled again and again; keeping his semen inside most of the time, it shouldn't take too long right?

'Whatever, I will keep working hard.' She thought, it wasn't easy for dragons to get pregnant anyway.

But she was adamant to defeat all his other women at least in this aspect.

After a couple of minutes, Vritra dressed up, then he walked out.

Yasmine went into the disappearing state, floating around him. Her fear of staying away from him was completely gone now and this was a whole lot better than being just a soul.

Vritra too wanted her close; he had gotten too used to staying close to her.

It wasn't long before Vritra arrived into the dining hall where Ava and Gunter were already waiting for him, with a lot of dishes which were placed just now.

"Son, you are okay, right?" Gunter asked.

"Yes." Vritra replied simply.

"Art, come here, I don't know if you still like all the things you used to love before but I have arranged a lot of dishes." Ava excitedly spoke, her complexion was getting better by the day.

The three started eating in silence, Vritra knew that they wanted to talk.

Just as they were about to finish, Ava finally brought it up.

"So uhm Art, please tell us, if you don't want to go through this marriage… we will manage something."

"I will marry her, you don't have to feel guilty about it." Vritra put his spoon down and spoke; if he really does marry then it would be for his own reasons.

"Are you really sure about this marriage, like 100% sure? If you agree now then we will start the preparations for your marriage tomorrow otherwise we will prepare for something else." Gunter questioned.

"Yes, I am sure."

After talking for a few more minutes, Vritra left the dining area, his thoughts just as messed up as before.

Pondering, he just walked around in the open area inside the Yate realm with Yasmine.

It was already night, which too passed in the blink of an eye.

Vritra woke up early on this day because of Ava, who came to his room with lots of outfits and other things.

Even though the marriage was happening because of some circumstances but she still wanted her son's wedding to be spectacular.

And Vritra couldn't really deny Ava's constant pleading for him to try various clothes.

Looking at himself in an expensive and beautiful groom's outfit, Vritra sighed.

'I can't believe I am really going to go through this arranged marriage with some stranger? Then what's next, getting kidnapped by some psycho? Forcefully getting married? Sigh…' the poor groom couldn't help but sigh.

While the women in the room, Yasmine, Ava and a few maids stared at him, shocked and entranced.

They all found it hard to accept this as a reality, it had to be a dream.

❖❖❖