Chapter 657 The First Player

Vritra sensed dozens of presences surrounding the carriages, with a frown he got up and walked out.

At least these people didn't attack them right away, he wondered what their motive might be.

Right after getting out, he noticed exactly 52 men surrounding them, and he actually recognized one.

But before Vritra could say anything, messages flashed before his eyes.

[You have come in contact with a player!]

[Eliminate him to steal his ascension path and opportunities!]

[Player: Morgan]

[Ability: Domain]

[Ascension Path: Beast Surge]

As the messages flashed before Vritra's eyes, he was taken aback.

The player himself had come to find him?

"Butcher, good to see you again." Vritra first looked at the tough looking guy who stood cowardly behind another man.

This man was none other than Morgan, the player. With a height even taller than Butcher and a bulky build, he appeared to have a wild personality.

But seeing all his men being so organised showed his control and cautious nature.

"You are still alive?!! How did you huh? All of you survived? What the fuck?!!" Butcher was truly shocked as he looked at the other members in the group.

Onest, Shitless, and the women had all walked out of the carriages by now.

But before anything else, Morgan interrupted their talk and stepped forward.

"Looks like you two know each other and it seems you really are the one who slaughtered the entire wolves' base." He said, his tone sounding impressed.

"So? What do you plan on doing, having surrounded us?" Vritra asked calmly, but he was a bit worried.

The other guy already had an ascension path, so his strength was certainly higher than Vritra's.

And all these men surrounding the group seemed rather strange, they lacked any sort of emotion.

They felt almost like puppets, maybe this domain skill was somehow connected to his subordinates.

'Is that why he is bringing along so many of them?' Vritra concluded, but getting out of the encirclement wouldn't be easy.

"I will keep it short, why don't you join my group. You look powerful, and would be a great addition to my collection." While speaking, Morgan looked at his men.

None of them were at Vritra's level yet, so recruiting him would increase his overall strength.

Not to mention, his skill mainly depended on his subordinates, the stronger puppets he had, the higher his strength.

"But it seems you are pretty full." Vritra said, aside from Butcher all fifty seemed like his puppets.

And seeing the perfect fifty number, it must be the limit of his skill.

"You have good observation, not bad. You can even be a commander in my army, good." Morgan nodded in satisfaction.

Then his gaze swept over the women beside him and he appeared quite shocked, there were such beauties on this planet?

He suddenly felt like adding them all to his army too.

"Alright, I am giving you one chance to be my commander. Kill that masked woman and the two guys and I will give you a spot."

 Morgan said in a calm voice, pointing towards Teresa, Onest, and Shitless.

Vritra rolled his eyes, then spoke, "Alright, but I first need to see if your group really is as powerful as you say, and you must want to see my ability, right?"

"Oh? And what do you suggest?" Morgan narrowed his eyes.

"We are ten, and after killing those three, we will still be seven. So how about you let me fight seven people from your side, and also include that Butcher guy, so let me fight eight of them."

Vritra spoke, his tone firm.

"…" Morgan narrowed his eyes.

He didn't doubt that people could betray or abandon their own groups or even families in this apocalypse.

So Vritra accepting to switch sides didn't surprise him, but the conditions did.

'Looks like this Butcher has some feud with him. I can certainly give this guy up if it means something, but why does he want to fight my group?'

Of course, he wouldn't just believe whatever Vritra said.

To add a new puppet, he first needed to make them submit, which was why he was wasting time instead of just attacking.

He glanced over the women and wondered if he should accept or just use those women's lives to make him submit.

But those women were too beautiful and quite strong, it would be such a waste to just kill them.

"Sir, I alone can beat him up, just agree hehe, and if I win just let me join and have one or two of those women."

 Butcher quickly spoke, afraid that Morgan might start killing the women.

He couldn't make the same mistake, it was his greatest regret to leave them to die.

Morgan wasn't one to underestimate his enemies or lower his guard, but this guy hadn't even obtained an ascension path.

'I guess I can see his battle prowess firsthand, and I don't think he can play any tricks.'

Although his strength wasn't the highest among the ten players, it was not a joke.

With his skill, he could use the skills of any of his men freely, so if Vritra really tried something, he could instantly kill the women and Vritra himself.

"Alright, fight those seven and Butcher, but if you lose you will even lose your will and be nothing more than a mindless puppet.

Prove to me your worth, and I will grant you a high position and some freedom."

Morgan said as he locked onto Vritra and the other women, ready to kill them if he tried anything.

"It would be a pity to kill you all, so behave." He added.

Vritra nodded, a solemn look on his face.

This situation was too dangerous, one mistake and there really might be casualties, he was feeling tense.

Pulling the spear out of nowhere, he surprised Morgan, who wondered if Neil had a space superpower.

The group backed away while Morgan and the seven men stepped forward to fight Vritra all at once.

Those men's strength was mostly around 90 stat points, of course not in all their attributes, none were like Vritra.

They had their strengths and weaknesses, if someone's strength was high then their agility or spiritual stat was lower.

Fighting them all at once would be easy.

'Divine, how long will it take if I use the Blood Demon Ascension path?'

Vritra asked in his mind as he gestured for his family to move away and be careful.

Without knowing anything about the opponent, the situation was too dangerous.

And this guy was clearly testing him.

"Merging with an ascension path is a long process, but you can quicken it, though it would be dangerous and a bit painful.

If you can survive that, then the time will be 30 minutes." Divine replied.

Then he added, "Though near the end, the others will notice it. Just fill your attributes before that."

Vritra took a deep breath, closing his eyes as the back of the spear rested on the road.

"Darling, be careful…" Fiona muttered, they all wanted to help but knew if they interfered the situation would only get worse.

Yasmine, Maeve, Yennefer, all of them were filled with worry, but trusted him completely.

"Pitiful one, you got this! Let me put my special curse on those pigs." Shitless said and began to chant something.

"Haha brother, looks like you have been living well, you have got quite the collection. Your taste is really great, brother."

Butcher spoke with a loud laugh.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...