Chapter 521 The Damned Event

Inside the ford realm, the whole place was decorated, the streets, shops, houses, as if there was a big festival.

A lot of guests kept entering the realm, after all it was going to be a really important day for the Ford family.

Though all these decorations would also work for the marriage trials so they didn't hold back and spent quite a lot.

The event was supposed to start early in the morning, so most of the important figures had already showed up though many were yet to arrive.

Sir Giant, wearing fancy clothes, was meeting the guests and welcoming them.

His grandson, Shen, the monarch of the family, was busy with the arrangements and security.

While Rich was meeting with his future partners, he wasn't the richest person alive on the planet for nothing.

"Has the Yate family not arrived yet?" Sir Giant excused himself and walked to the side, before asking one of the men who was managing things at the event.

"N- No sir, they are yet to arrive. We have clearly informed them of the time, maybe since the event was planned too abruptly, they didn't have enough time to prepare.

 It is after all a big day for them, their long lost son's marriage."

The manager said, though he felt afraid but he tried to calm Sir Giant.

"Sigh yeah, we had to do it in a hurry for our own reasons. Let's… just wait." He said, before walking to entertain the guests.

But if the Yate family gets too late, not only would they be making fun of themselves but even dragging the Ford family along.

So, Sir Giant asked someone to go check if they had encountered some problem.

More and more guests filled the vast venue.

The event was organised inside an enormous building, large enough to house thousands of people.

The decorations inside seemed even more lavish, one side was the food while the other was the seating arrangement and a platform; maybe for some important announcement.

By now, more of the guests were becoming aware of Yates absence, soon the place was filled with low murmurs.

Even the soft music playing couldn't stop the murmurs from reaching the ears of Ford family members.

"Don't tell me the Yates decided to not come. I know relation between the two was getting bad but it seems even the pretences are gone now."

"What even was the reason for this event? Is it related to Tiny's marriage trial? But then why was it said in the invitation that even the Yates are a part of this event?"

"Haa I tell you, those Yates had forgotten their place.

Once they used to be high and mighty, ruling over all other four families but now they are just a shadow of their past selves.

 It seems this time they are finished."

"Have you heard the son of Monarch, Art Yate has returned? Haha I actually pity them, of course with youngsters like those they are bound to fail."

Various talks filled the hall from all sides and with each passing minute, it was getting worse.

There was only so much the Fords could do to handle the big crowd, and with so many important figures, they couldn't forcefully suppress them.

More than thirty minutes passed the designated time to start the event.

And things were starting to get restless, even the Fords were getting angry by now.

This was clear disrespect.

Soon the guy Sir Giant had sent earlier returned with news.

"So they actually faced some trouble right? That's why they are late right? I knew it, that Gunter wasn't such a perso-" Sir Giant tried to speak loudly to make the crowd stop.

"Uhmm no sir, from what I have found… it seems they are late solely because young master Art overslept." The guy replied with second hand embarrassment.

"W- What? Overslept?" Sir Giant and the few around were speechless.

"…And why did no one try to wake him up? Is his sleep more important than this event, than both our reputations?

Haa my damned son, why did he have to make that god pact?" Sir Giant cursed, but couldn't do anything since his son was already dead.

But with her reputation, it really was impossible for anyone from important origin to accept to marry her willingly.

And despite everything, Sir Giant couldn't allow her to be married off to someone useless or with bad character.

So tying knots with Art seemed like the best option before, he was also an intelligent, talented, good looking kid.

'Damnit, I did prepare for something to cut that god pact from our side though we would have to pay a really really heavy price.

Which is why I was happy to hear that Art is actually back, now we don't have to pay that price and the marriage can continue like normal.

But it seems the disappearance had made him useless.' Sir Giant, Shen and even Rich, all of them already had a really bad image of Art now in their minds.

They were already imagining a rotten rich brat to show up.

'Maybe I should just cancel this marriage and pay the price, it is worth it, I can't let my doll's life be ruined. Her life is already full of misfortune.' Sir Giant thought, making his decision firm.

Gesturing, he called Rich and Shen closer and covered themselves in a barrier.

"Great grandfather, do you wish to cancel this marriage?" Rich questioned, seeing the angry look on his face.

"Grandfather, I understand your concerns. But let's wait a little more, if they still don't arrive then we will cancel both the event and marriage.

We still have a way to save ourselves but the Yates don't. I am surprised they are taking this whole event so lightly when they should be hurrying more than us." Shen spoke.

He looked like an older version of Rich, if he didn't appear middle aged then people would even call them twins.

Her life was filled with so many problems, they all wished that at least she could be married, this might be her only chance.

But what's the point if her life partner is a spoiled mannerless boy?

"…" Sir Giant nodded, thankfully most didn't know that they were going to arrange the marriage between the two families.

'Otherwise, everyone would have started mocking my doll… this is absurd.' He thought.

The barrier broke, Rich walked away with a smile, so did Shen, but Sir Giant was filled with rage.

Twenty more minutes passed and finally his patience broke, and hence, he decided to cancel the event right there and then.

There was no way he would let someone like that marry her.

Just then, a loud announcement rang out.

"The Yate family is here!"

The crowd parted, giving space to the late main stars of the event.

Gunter was walking at the front of the group with an apologetic look on his face, he seemed quite worried.

There weren't quite a lot of people from the Yate family, after all, most were resting now after getting severely injured by Vritra.

This felt like another slap in the face for the Ford family, after how much importance and respect they were giving the Yates from the beginning.

Even in the invitations, the importance of Yates was clearly shown.

And now, aside from Gunter and a few of his brothers, only servants could be seen.

❖❖❖