Chapter 248: Leaps and Bounds

Henry was relaxing in his room, he had just survived such a disaster after all. After begging in front of Vritra, all the misfortunes had suddenly stopped, he was more than happy with the result even though he had to throw out his dignity.

He was lying all alone in complete darkness, enjoying the new peace that he had lost an arm to achieve.

"Sigh, now nothing could go wrong with my life, but it’s a pity that my youngest had become like that. Well, I guess it is time to make a new youngest—"

Just then the door to his room burst open. The king was baffled as he hastily pulled the blanket to cover his precious body, leaking out a feminine sound:

"Kiyaaaaaah!!"

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Embarrassed +1}

Vritra: "..."

"Cough, I mean Aaaaaaaah." The king cleared his throat upon seeing Vritra and feeling embarrassed. Then he asked: "S- Sir, do you need me for something? Are you still angry at me?"

Since his left hand was cut off, he had added a fake hand. He could have just put back his original arm, but in fear of Vritra he decided not to.

"Yeah, as soon as possible try to gather as many soul potions as you can. I don’t care what you do, but gather a lot of them." Vritra said, standing at the gate. For some reason, he felt disgusted to take just a single step inside.

Especially after hearing that scream.

"S- Soul potions? Did you receive a soul-related injury or something? There were a lot of soul potions in the inventory—"

Henry paused, remembering that the inventory had been emptied by a mysterious thief, and the thief was most probably the guy in front of him.

"What about it?" Vritra asked in an emotionless tone.

"N- Nothing, sir. I will gather as many soul potions as I could. Oh wait, the money—" Henry paused again as he remembered that even the gold and other treasures were stolen, well, around half of them.

He looked back at Vritra, wondering how he was supposed to get the soul potions without the money. He needed to run the kingdom as well after all.

"Is there a problem?" Vritra asked.

"No, sir. I- I will do it as soon as possible, I will gather all the soul potions I could find." The king said as he deflated like a balloon, feeling miserable.

"Good, you will be a great king." Vritra approved with a nod and then disappeared, breaking into particles of dust.

’What kind of crazy dog bit me that day that I invited such a demon to my house... sob, I am scared, I don’t want to be the king anymore.’ Henry hugged the pillow like a baby and started crying.

[Fourth Dimension Activated]

He flew out of the castle and headed towards the Small Forest to level up, and maybe he could also find the three demon generals. Vritra cautiously entered the forest; after all, the members of the Golden Moon, Nine Pacts, and even the Grieves might be lingering there.

He sent Ghost away to see if the inheritance he had been waiting for had opened or not, and soon the soul wraith returned, delivering the sad news.

After checking the place where the battle had occurred previously, Vritra didn’t find anyone.

Then he travelled to a different and more desolate area. After scanning the area around with his Nether Eye, he didn’t sense anyone aside from a few beasts.

"This is the perfect place to make my great breakthrough. I wonder how many levels I will gain this time. After all, I did kill so many people."

Vritra mumbled to himself as he sat midair and took out the empty stone from his inventory and came out of fourth dimension.

It didn’t look all that much different from the 1st Legion rank stone he had used before.

"Hubby, let’s see how high you can go this time. The experience points you need for each succession of level is several times higher." Yasmine said. She loved seeing him grow strong step by step, though he was climbing way too fast.

"Yeah, let’s see how high I go this time." After muttering, he closed his eyes and started the process of absorbing the empty stone as it broke into tiny specks of energy and traveled into his body.

It was like a dam had broken as a vast amount of energy spread through his body. Vritra could clearly feel all the changes occurring, but it was just impossible to explain.

His surroundings were greatly affected as a strong storm flooded all around him, all the trees were pulled out—it was like a big tornado had appeared there. But Vritra was prepared, as he had already covered his surroundings with a barrier.

The phenomenon of entering the 2nd Legion rank was even more dramatic. Purple energy swarmed through the surrounding, leaving the area in an even worse state in a range of a couple of kilometers around him.

...

It took around an hour or so to finally complete the leveling-up process. Vritra finally opened his eyes and stretched his body.

"Haa, that’s sure refreshing..." Vritra mumbled. He definitely felt stronger, but it was hard to know exactly how much his combat strength had grown.

BOOM

A thundering sound exploded as Vritra suddenly clenched his fist. It was really as if a bomb had exploded. Even his presence had become a lot more terrifying.

"Don’t delay, let’s see your levels." Yasmine said hurriedly. She wanted to see his status window together with him.

"Yes, yes, my Queen, we will do as you say." Vritra smiled as he opened the status window and started reading.

『

Name: Vritra Arclis

Level: 2,589 (2nd Legion rank)

Class: Dust Lord (Rank: A) [SSS+(?)]

Title: The Cursed Hunter [Level 10]

Race: Demon God (Origin), Dragon

Mana: 587,410 / 587,410

Vitality: 100%

Stats:

Strength: 59,098 (+1,000)

Agility: 65,213 (+1,000)

Endurance: 57,462 (+1,000)

Intelligence: 60,409 (+1,000)

Mana: 58,741 (+1,000)

Luck: 512

[Allocation points:13,830]

』

"Woah, such a high jump. Great job, hubby." Yasmine praised him excitedly. Every victory seemed worth it when Vritra’s strength grew exponentially each time.

If he were to face those Grieves again, the fight would still be a bit difficult and take quite some time, but it would be a one-sided slaughter. They wouldn’t even be able to hurt him at all.

Though the Pope would still have been quite difficult to handle.

"Where should I put my allocation points..." Vritra pondered, and the answer wasn’t too difficult.

He divided some between Intelligence and Agility. With Shift in the store, he didn’t really need to think too much about this stuff.

『

Stats:

Strength: 59,098 (+1,000)

Agility: 71,213 (+1,000)

Endurance: 57,462 (+1,000)

Intelligence: 68,239 (+1,000)

Mana: 58,741 (+1,000)

Luck: 512

[Allocation points:0]

』

"Now this looks better." Vritra mumbled. Then he added: "How about we use Shift with these stats? I wonder how big the improvement will be..."

Without wasting a moment, he used the skill.

[Shift Activated.]

[Strength + Endurance → Agility]

『

Agility: 187,773

Strength: 29,549

Endurance: 28,731

』

With a slight push forward, Vritra’s body shot like a rocket, covering more than a kilometer in an instant. His current speed was certainly dozens of times faster than before. Now he truly felt that he had grown stronger once again.

Just then, he sensed three presences approaching.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...