Chapter 715 Forgetting something?

The hammer guy was striking at Yasmine with all his might, but no matter how much he struck, not even a crack was appearing.

'What is happening? Why isn't her barrier breaking? Is it that powerful?' he wondered, forgetting about the rest of the battlefield.

The more unbreakable it seemed, the more he wanted to break it. He even ignored the fox creature's cries for help.

Just then a deadly pressure appeared on his right. The hammer guy paused momentarily as shock appeared in his eyes.

In front of his eyes, an enormous blood hand appeared, it was filled with so much energy.

He had no time to dodge, so all he could do was put his hands before his chest, hoping to block it.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!

The violent explosion shook the entire room, as a horrendous amount of energy flew out, shooting straight towards the sky.

BOOOM!

It collided with the ceiling, breaking the box apart as the green black jelly like creature screamed in pain and shrivelled up.

The leader was thrown into the sky as the destructive energy swallowed his entire body. Vritra had poured nearly half of his energy into that one attack.

He looked around at the stunned bunch of prisoners who stared at the sky in bafflement.

Vritra wasted no time. He scanned the crowd again and quickly noted down their weaknesses in his mind.

Then waves of powerful spiritual bursts rained down over twenty or so opponents, all of them instantly felt as if their heads were about to explode.

While his hands turned into several meter long blades, which were terrifyingly sharp, cleaving down the bodies of the stunned bunch.

WHOOSH

Teresa froze any of the prisoners Vritra was attacking, making them impossible to dodge or block.

KCCHH

Their bodies were torn apart mercilessly, as all his wives started to help him again.

Yasmine was breathing heavily, thankfully the protective charm had worked just now or they would have been in real trouble.

She touched her belly, her hands shaking.

Vritra's body separated into thousands of clones and finally he managed to turn a few of those creatures into parasites.

And started making them attack each other, as complete chaos engulfed the battlefield.

In the sky, the hammer guy was thrown several kilometres high, his entire body broken apart.

As the energy finally disappeared, he was left with grave wounds all over his body.

Both his arms, the weapons he took the most pride in, were gone completely along with his shoulders.

Even one of his feet was gone and several big holes were present in his torso, he was in such a sorry state.

But barely alive.

'I have to run, he is a m- monster!!' for the first time, the crazy criminal felt fear.

Even when he was caught and thrown in the world prison or almost got executed, he didn't feel any fear.

He was instead very happy, even more so when they were given this chance.

But now he was trembling in dread, every fibre of his being crying for him to run, escape as far away as possible.

Whatever remained of his body was trembling badly, strange liquid flowing out of his eyes.

'I have to run, run!' After taking one look at Vritra, the hammer guy suddenly turned and shot in a different direction.

As long as he could get away from that demon, everything would be fine, even that prison would be far better than this.

But suddenly he was covered by an invisible room, his body freezing instantly.

'What? Who?' his pupils moved slightly as he looked at the woman with her face covered, there was rage in her eyes.

Was he going to be killed because of the very people he was laughing at earlier and calling weak?

"Running somewhere?" suddenly, a bone chilling voice sounded from behind him.

The room disappeared but before he could try to escape again, a hand flashed, suddenly gripping his throat.

"Weak, weak, you are far too weak." Vritra spoke, shaking his head in contempt.

The hammer guy looked down wondering where that fox creature had gone, he was their only key towards winning.

"Looking for this?" Vritra raised his other hand which was gripping the torn corpse of the fox creature who had the space ability.

"H- How?" he couldn't understand how things changed so much in an instant, weren't they winning just now?

In fact it was only because of his obsession that gave Vritra an opening.

"Since you like this thing so much, then you can have him."

As Vritra spoke, two blood hands appeared out of nowhere, one gripping the criminal's jaw and the other gripping the upper part of his mouth.

And finally the hands pulled, as a tearing and sickening crack sounded.

His mouth was ripped open, then Vritra pushed the torn corpse of the fox into his mouth, pushing it deeper and deeper.

The leader's eyes were wide open but he couldn't even resist, tears filled his eyes.

It was painful and disgusting, as more and more of the corpse entered his body, he was being torn apart inside.

Soon the entire corpse was pushed into the leader, his throat seemed ready to burst just like his belly.

"Are you still hungry? Keep feeding him more corpses!" Vritra ordered as his blood clones who were massacring other prisoners below began to bring the corpses to the hammer guy.

He stood back and just observed as one by one more corpses were stuffed in.

And after a short while…

BOOM

His belly and throat burst out violently, sending pieces of flesh, organs and strange liquid in all directions.

He was feeling extreme pain as even this had not killed him.

The leader pleaded with his eyes, begging to just be killed.

"Hmm I don't like his eyes, gouge them out." he said lazily as the blood clones began to scratch and pull the eyeballs.

After the eyes burst, their hands were pushed into the eye sockets, moving towards the brain.

And finally the leader was dead as his brain was pulled out of his head and torn to pieces.

[You have obtained a blue crystal!]

"Let's wrap this up quickly." Vritra muttered, as he quickly started killing the rest of the prisoners.

And soon he had exactly 54 blue crystals.

It was only enough for two people though.

Vritra was going to use one, as for the other he decided to just let his wives decide it.

Shitless and Onest would come last, as usual.

"Sigh that was intense, my body is hurting…" Vritra could still feel the pain all over, even if his body had healed completely.

This random entry into the game truly took them by surprise.

The game was getting stranger by the day, they would have to finish it as soon as possible.

"Let's rest for a bit in the Renko city then we will continue." Vritra spoke as they turned and started to fly back towards the bubble.

"Huh? But aren't we forgetting something?" Onest asked, scratching his head.

After flying a bit longer they finally remembered, there were only nine of them, where was the tenth one?

All of them looked back collectively and scanned the flood water.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios