Chapter 323: Naughty Empress [R-18]

"Did you like that, my queen?" Vritra questioned as he sat back and licked his lips, gazing at her sultry body. She tasted so damn good.

’Uff, but even her nectar isn’t enough to get rid of this damn hunger, what the hell do I need for it to disappear? Maybe I should find if there is any meat around.’

Vritra thought, this hunger was definitely related to the changes occurring in his body.

Although he couldn’t use his dragon or demon god’s transformation right now, he was sure that he still possessed both the bloodlines and physiques.

But then, was that long dream just meaningless?

After catching her breath, Yennefer sat up and pushed Vritra down gently before sitting on top of him, pulling him out of his thoughts.

"With me in front of you, do you still have time to think about other things?" Yennefer asked, grinding her wet pussy against the length of his cock.

"Oh definitely not, how could I dare to do such a sin? I know if I fail to pleasure the queen then I would be punished, right?"

Vritra joked, throwing the other matters to the back of his mind for now.

"Hehe, yes, I will lock you up and just keep you in my room, then I will have you whenever I want and however I want."

Yennefer said, even she herself didn’t know how she was capable of speaking like that. It was almost like her body had stopped listening to her at all.

"Can I consider that an offer?"

Vritra chuckled, his hands sliding up her scorching hot body. He gripped her boobs tightly, his fingers sinking into the soft flesh while her nipples rubbed against his palms.

"So you do plan to make me unhappy. For now, I will just punish this naughty thing."

Yennefer said as she pulled her body up and held his cock, aiming the tip at her entrance.

Vritra’s horny meter felt like breaking upon hearing such playful and sexy words from the same mouth that only shot out cold words—that is, the few times she actually spoke.

The empress already had the experience of taking his massive thing inside her body, so she wasn’t afraid. Only excitement and hunger remained as she rubbed the tip of his cock against her petals.

After a few seconds of teasing herself, Yennefer pushed her body down with all her strength, taking the entire length into her pussy in a single thrust.

"Ahhhhhh~ It’s so deep~ Hnngggg~ I feel f- full!! Vritra, kiss me." Yennefer felt her pussy walls being stretched by his large penis as her insides started to take his shape.

The head of the cock directly struck her cervix, sending shivers across her body.

Yennefer leaned forward, her boobs covering Vritra’s chest as their lips met and tongues intertwined.

Vritra gripped her huge ass, squeezing her flesh, and then his right hand rose before delivering a slap over her ass cheek.

SMACK

"Mmmmph! Hnnnggg~" She was surprised at first, but instead of pain, the spank only brought pleasure as her vagina tightened, squeezing his hard rod with so much force.

With their mouths still connected in a passionate kiss, Yennefer rose her waist, pulling his cock out until only a small part of it remained inside her, making her feel empty.

SMACK

Then with the same intensity, she brought her butt down as the cock plunged deep into her vagina, the tip kissing her womb’s entrance, almost making her climax.

Vritra tightened his grip on her ass, then he increased the force, raising her butt before smashing it down, making a loud sound along with her muffled moans.

Soon the room was filled with the constant sounds of their flesh colliding. Yennefer bounced on top of him, taking his penis deep into her body with each push.

She loved how hot it felt and how it made a mess of her insides, hitting just the right places.

She twisted and rotated her waist, making the head rub and poke against the perfect spots.

Feeling the constant thrusts, her body went soft and she lost all the strength in her body. She simply lay on top of him, his cock buried deep inside her, poking her womb.

Since her kinky play was over, Vritra turned and spread her legs slightly, lying on top of her as he gave a light kiss on her lips before starting with his strong thrusts.

His cock moved in a piston- like movement, hitting her womb again and again, making her juices splatter over his body.

"Aaaaah~ Haaaaah~ G- Go deeper Uuuuumphh~ Yessss~ I- I love it, Mmmmm~" Yennefer moaned very loudly, the pleasure was too overwhelming.

Squelch squelch

GASP!!

She couldn’t hold on for long and orgasmed, her juices gushing out over Vritra’s body.

But even as the empress panted heavily, savouring the taste of her orgasm, the cock continued to plunge deep into her body.

THWOP THWOP

The previous time they had sex, Vritra had flooded her belly with his burning hot semen. Although it had angered her at that time, she couldn’t deny how good that had felt.

"F- Fill me up Hahhhh~ Give me all your hot milk nghhhh~" the empress moaned, showing a sexy expression.

For some reason, Vritra loved it even more when she said such dirty and naughty words.

He pressed one of his palms over her slightly bulging belly, exactly where the cock was reaching in her.

Yennefer tilted her head back as she let out a moan, her vagina clenching against his penis, almost twisting it between her fleshy walls.

Her hot and wet walls felt so good, they were smooth and the folds increased the pleasure, tightly gripping his cock.

Vritra pulled back slightly while her folds clung so tightly to his length, and then he thrusted forward with even more force, directly entering her womb and reaching the deepest.

And then...

SPURT SPURT

Waves after waves of his thick sticky seeds flooded into her womb as the empress climaxed once again, her womb stretching by the flood of his hot semen.

She pulled him into a tight hug, her entire body shivering with pleasure, her moans muffled with her mouth pressed against his neck.

Even after he stopped releasing semen, the empress remained completely still.

The large amount of semen remained inside her belly, her vaginal walls kept squeezing his penis as it stayed buried inside, and even after coming, he didn’t go soft.

"That felt so Hnngggg~ good huff huff ahhh~ you are s- still so deep inside, Mmmm~ it feels nice and full. Just stay still for a m- moment..."

Yennefer mumbled, panting heavily. She just wanted to stay in his arms for now.

Vritra kissed her forehead before biting her lips as he spoke: "So my queen, are you ready for a few more rounds? Heh, give me the chance to pleasure you for a while longer."

"Hehe, yeah, I am huff gonna n- need to Mmmm~ drain you completely Hahh~ so you won’t even have the e- energy to think about anyone e- else. I need all your seeds in my belly." Yennefer spoke.

The more dirty she spoke, the more excited she felt, plus playing this domineering act—the cold empress just loved every second of her time spent with him.

In just one day she had probably spoken more than the past few years collectively.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...