Chapter 515 Never Ending

Vritra's penis was being pulled out of Yasmine's body every second before plunging inside her body like a long and thick sword.

Each thrust elicited a loud moan from the dragoness.

She felt so soft, just like a fluffy toy.

Wherever he touched, he could feel his palms and fingers sinking into her flesh.

Both her large boobs squeezed thin as they pressed against his chest.

Vritra continued with his piston-like movement, feeling her soft and wet insides squeezing his cock tightly in her body.

With every push, he could feel the tip of his cock entering her womb and hitting the deepest parts.

Each time the head of his cock hit the wall, Yasmine's body shivered as she felt unimaginable pleasure all across her body.

SMACK SMACK

"Mmmmm~ Hubby yesss just t- there, hnnnn~ I love you haa haa Mmmm~ SLURP" Yasmine's moans reverberated in the room as Vritra pumped his cock deeper and deeper inside her.

Their lips met, and her tongue rushed directly into his mouth, licking all over and finally entangling with his tongue.

GULP

The dragoness sucked his tongue, biting and chewing on it as she felt his warm saliva filling up her mouth.

The cock was rubbing against her walls, thrusting in and out rapidly.

It was making her inside burn, with the gates of her womb wide open with the tip of the cock.

The feeling was overwhelmingly good.

Yasmine soon felt a strange sensation as if something was about to rush out of her body; and she knew very well what this feeling was.

After all, it was not the first time she was feeling it, but this orgasm was certainly the strongest so far.

SQUENCH

But before she could manage to speak anything, a huge wave of her nectar shot out of her pussy, hitting Vritra's body directly.

Yasmine's expression had become even more erotic, but he didn't slow down and continued to penetrate her with the same intensity.

Dozens of minutes passed in a blur.

It wasn't until Yasmine had orgasmed a couple more times that she finally felt his huge thing twitching inside, and she had an idea what was about to happen.

She badly wanted to have her belly full of his semen, get her share of what she had been missing all this time.

After a few more seconds, Vritra thrust with even more force as it reached the deepest into her womb.

SPURT SPURT

And finally hot sticky semen shot out of his cock, hitting the walls of her womb at such a speed that it made her belly enlarge by the large amount of burning hot fluid.

"Aaaaaaah~ S- So much haa haa it's so hot Mmmmm~ I- It feels so full hnnngggg~ Haa I love this feeling…" The dragoness enjoyed being filled with her husband's semen; she would like it even more if he knocked her up with his seed.

Yasmine hugged his body as the thick semen continued to fill her up.

It wasn't until her womb was completely flooded that his cock finally stopped releasing.

After keeping it buried in the tight cave for a couple more minutes, Vritra finally pulled his penis out of her vagina.

Although Yasmine felt empty again as soon as the large thing moved out of her body, she was still feeling quite satisfied because of the large amount of milky white cum which made her belly bulge slightly.

"L- Let's mhmm~ keep going hubby haa" Yasmine immediately wanted to have him back in her; her pussy pulsed and twitched, missing the big tool.

"Surely." Vritra turned her body and pulled her ass up, standing over his knees behind her.

Now it was time to pay back a little of the promised spanks.

But before that, positioning his cock, Vritra thrust his penis into her body once again.

"Anngggg~ uummphhh~"

Once he was buried deep inside, Vritra didn't move but raised his right hand and after a moment, he brought it down over her milky ass cheek.

SMACK

"Hnngggg~" Yasmine's vagina tightened up greatly, almost twisting his cock, making Vritra feel incredible.

A shock ran through her body; her soft ass cheek jiggled and a clear red print appeared over her milky white skin as a soft sensation spread across Vritra's hand.

SMACK

But without stopping to savor the feeling, he slapped her ass again; of course he was slapping her lightly.

As his palm came in contact with her creamy skin, his fingers sank into her flesh for just a moment, and then it bounced back as Vritra pulled his hand away.

More juices flooded out of her pussy as it tightened even more; Yasmine felt no pain, for some reason each slap made her feel more sensitive.

How was this a punishment? She was clearly enjoying it so much.

With each slap, her pussy began to feel all tingly and itchy; she couldn't understand why his spanks brought her such pleasure.

SMACK SMACK

Vritra began to move, hitting her insides with his cock while slapping her soft red butt.

While thrusting, he lightly touched her soft ass cheeks, pressing his palm against her smooth red skin and rubbed his palm over her cheeks.

Squeezing them as the dragoness orgasmed yet again.

The whole room was full of their lewd sounds and smell.

Before long, Yasmine had her belly filled once again.

After a rest of a few minutes, the two changed the position and went even harder at it.

Yasmine orgasmed way too many times while also getting her belly filled again and again.

It really seemed the dragoness was hell-bent on making up for all the lost time.

With short breaks in between, Vritra and Yasmine fucked in various positions, trying so many new things.

Time lost its meaning; the two going at it like wild animals with their never-ending amount of energy.

Vritra lost count of how many times he had filled Yasmine up; their bodies were stuck close for hour upon hour.

While doing it again and again and again…

Vritra wasn't one to be exhausted or admit defeat and Yasmine matched his energy.

…

The two stayed inside the room for nearly a week, seven days fulfilling their desires.

Thankfully, he had used the Null skill in advance; therefore, as much time hadn't passed outside.

Finally as the seventh day inside the room was half over, Yasmine got filled yet again.

Feeling exhausted, she just slumped on top of him, muttering sweet words of love and giving him kisses before drifting off to sleep.

They hadn't really made up for all the lost time but for now, this was good enough.

Lying with Yasmine on top of him, Vritra wrapped his arms around her body as he stared at the ceiling.

'Just how many times did we do it?' he asked himself and found it strange since there was no voice replying to him.

The dragoness had slept with his cock still stuffed inside her body; it seemed even in sleep she didn't want to let go.

Closing his eyes, Vritra pushed all thoughts out of his mind and decided to rest.

Each breath he inhaled was full of her sweet scent; sighing contentedly, he hugged her even tighter.

❖❖❖