Chapter 81: Cruel

"Well man, I’m sure we’ll be meeting again in the future, and at that time, I’ll get that head mask. I’m in a bit of a hurry right now, so I’ll be taking my leave," Vritra said with a smile. Then he hummed a song and walked away.

{Sin Point Gained: Doubted +1}

The black robed man stared at his back for a few seconds, wondering if he was just pretending, but he didn’t find any fault in Vritra’s words or expression, so he decided to leave after locking the box.

Vritra whistled, and finally, the shock in his eyes became visible. The shocking part wasn’t only that it was the severed head of his teacher— but that he saw her pupils move slightly. It was such a slight movement that it was easily ignorable, but the message that popped up next made him believe such an impossible thing.

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +1}

’She was alive? That was Mrs. Mia, my teacher back in school. She had come here along with us. I did hear that she died in the labyrinth too, so she was being used for such cruel experiments?’ Vritra felt a chill. Had he not jumped into the trap at that time, wouldn’t it have been his head that would be carried around in the capital?

"Yeah, she certainly was alive. What do you plan to do now? They were definitely from the Nine Pacts," Yasmine asked. She had sensed that there were a few more men who were following that person from the shadows.

"..." Vritra remained silent for a few seconds. His relation with his teacher wasn’t so close that he would madly charge to take revenge after witnessing that scene, but he had to know more about the Nine Pacts.

So, he soon made his decision.

He turned toward a random street and suddenly his body vanished, without leaving behind a single trace.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

...

The black robed man discreetly walked out of the market and headed into a desolate area in the forest. His speed suddenly increased after he had entered the forest. He was still quite vigilant as he took sharp twists and turns and ran through strange paths, to throw anyone following him off his trail.

In around forty or so minutes, the black robed man and all the people following behind him had arrived in front of a well hidden and ordinary looking cave. Occasionally, people would walk in and out of it. The group of twenty men made their way into the cave, unknown to them Vritra followed closely behind.

In his current state, none of the people were able to sense him at all. They had already relaxed as they chatted casually and walked toward a very large hall. Constant screams and painful wails continued to ring out from that hall. There were hundreds upon hundreds of iron beds of sorts placed all over the hall.

Even though the cave seemed ordinary from the outside, it was extremely well built from the inside. There were all kinds of equipment in the hall for various experiments.

Each of the iron beds had at least one or two people they were referring to as subjects. Vritra paused at the entrance as he gazed at the entire hall in shock and disgust, while holding onto mana potions in his hands.

He had slaughtered so many demons already and had even consumed their flesh and blood.

Even when he killed a human with his own hands for the first time, he didn’t feel much— but seeing the inhumane scene in front of him, even Vritra’s nose wrinkled as he felt disgusted toward all these people from the Nine Pacts who were conducting the experiments.

Doctors—it was the word being used for those people in black robes with white masks. The box containing Mia’s head was passed to one such doctor, who safely put it away and dismissed the team.

Constantly, a few people died every couple of minutes in such cruel ways. Their bodies were dismembered, various kinds of poison, viruses, and whatnot were injected into their bodies. Some even looked so disfigured that people would just vomit upon seeing their appearance.

Blood was such a normal sight in there, even Vritra couldn’t keep looking at those pitiful humans for too long. From kids to old people, men and women— there were a lot of them.

"This is just a small side of the Nine Pacts, and there are a few more such dark organizations who would go to any limit to obtain their goals," Yasmine spoke, her voice filled with anger. She too hated such humans who put others— innocent people— through such agony just for their selfish reasons.

Taking a deep breath, Vritra began to move around the large cave. The more he knew about his opponent, the better his chances were at winning against them.

Among the seven leaders present here, five had already left the cave after their meeting to prepare themselves for entering the dangerous tomb, while two had remained behind to look over the various arrangements.

Number Two and Number Four— one was making sure that all the preparations were done regarding the tomb, while the other was more interested in the results of various researches.

Among the seven men, Number One was the strongest and Number Seven was the weakest, but all of them were above level 800. They alone were capable of throwing off the royals of this kingdom.

While flying around the cave, Vritra soon heard a term he hadn’t expected to. A group of men were talking about a certain adventure in a certain tomb. They too didn’t have much info, but that was enough for Vritra to guess what this adventure was about.

After moving around for over half an hour and using a few mana potions, Vritra finally left that area. He soon arrived at the market since he was reaching the limit of the skill. Now that he had stayed in that space for a long time, he noticed the limit.

Not only did his head begin to hurt, but he felt that if he stayed there too long with his current strength, he would be lost there forever.

After arriving in the market and finding a rather quiet corner, he came out of the Fourth Dimension and felt mentally exhausted. But with Shift and Serene Mind working passively, his mental state soon got better.

’Huff... so it is the Nine Pacts that had discovered the Divine Sin Tomb. I have to go there, but it would still be very dangerous.

I can depend on the Fourth Dimension to avoid danger to some extent, but it isn’t omnipotent— and who knows, maybe others might have a way to counter it, like Yasmine had said before.’ Vritra pondered as he pulled a chair out of his inventory, sat down, and drank water from a bottle.

"Do you really want to go there?" Yasmine asked in a serious tone. She couldn’t underestimate a tomb of that caliber, and there would be many other dangerous factors.

"Yeah, I am going there. But before that, I guess we’re gonna have to do some shopping." After he spoke, Vritra shifted his attention to the Divine Sin Points in his status window.

________________

Thanks for reading...