Chapter 451: Extinction

[Progress: 0.1%]

As the ten figures turned into nothing more than layers of skin, ten small red crystals fell to the ground.

He didn’t receive any killing notification or experience from them for some reason.

Vritra pulled his arms back and jerked off the flesh sticking to them, the radioactive radiations making his body glow with a greyish colour.

He glanced at the ten crystals but no message popped in front of him, so he just stored them away, they might be the things that would be used to save lives soon.

"What... just happened here?" Yennefer spoke, her eyes wide with bewilderment.

Whereas Maeve seemed to remember something, back in the Zihong inheritance, Vritra suffered so much soul damage but in the end, it only helped him increase his strength.

And for some reason, he was also making her attack him before as if it was very helpful to him.

’So getting hit with various sorts of attacks makes master stronger? Or maybe there are some requirements.’ She pondered.

"As the two of you can see, I am perfectly fine. So why don’t you just return to the hotel, I will be back after taking care of these plague rats."

Vritra said, his body slowly absorbing all the remaining radiations as messages kept popping.

"Are you sure, master? Your body is still filled with those dangerous radiations." Maeve asked, though she relaxed visibly.

"Yeah, don’t worry, I will be back soon." Vritra said and nodded towards the two women before turning around and walking away.

"..." After gazing at his back for a few moments, they looked at one another and finally left the place.

While Vritra was busy with these people, Yennefer decided to go and check if the oracle had formed some sort of plans.

For people of their strength, whether it be day or night, it’s all the same.

"Those ten came from that direction. Hmm, I can sense the radiations they left in their trail." Vritra mumbled, as he saw a big pipe that was leading deeper into the ground.

In the next moment, he rushed into the pipe.

...

The Arthal plague rats had formed an entire city underneath the plague city, the leaders had enough intelligence to properly develop their new species.

There was a building made of rubble from the broken buildings nearby the plague city.

The building was made to resemble a hospital; it was large enough to fit a few thousand people at once.

One of the leaders of the Arthal plague rats used it as his home while also trying to protect all the babies inside.

They had stolen over two thousand infants and stored them here, slowly changing their bodies to make the next generation of Arthal plague rats.

Who would be more intelligent, deadly, and advanced. The plague rats had no way of direct reproduction.

Although their lifespan had increased because of the radiations, sooner or later they would all die.

The leaders knew the importance of continuing their race forward, becoming a significant race in the future and replacing humanity completely.

All these people hated humans, especially because of the Nine Pacts, who made them go through such extreme experiments.

Like always, this leader was just sleeping in a large room.

It had just received the message that the new intruder had been taken care of.

The body of the Leader Arthal rat was nearly ten meters tall and enormous, constantly leaking terrifying radiations.

It was also helping in developing those children properly.

BANG

All of a sudden, the door that blocked the entrance of the single exit in the entire city was kicked open.

The heavy metal door flew away and hit one of the piles of garbage.

"Come out, daddy’s here!" Vritra rushed directly into the city, flying high up with his body glowing with a bright purplish colour, his demonic presence spreading across the whole place.

KRRRKHHH

GGRRRRRR...

The mindless wave of Arthal plague rats was startled at the sudden shout, they just followed whatever the three of their leaders told them.

But upon sensing that some intruder had actually dared to trespass into their territory, the creatures were filled with rage and bloodlust.

Thousands of plague rats rushed out, looking like a horde of zombies but with distorted and broken bodies.

RRRAAAAAAAARRRRRRRR!!

One of the leaders let out a deafening roar, suppressing all of them. The one near the hospital wouldn’t move until extremely necessary, so the other two giant leaders rushed in Vritra’s direction.

’Sigh, poor people, they have suffered far too much and even now their bodies are constantly ravaged with those radiations.

Those scums from the Nine Pacts and Bone Blood Cult truly need a good beating.’ Vritra pitied all these creatures.

They were just normal folks before, coming to the temple to pray for their families but instead became victims of such inhumane experiments.

He also noticed the hospital they had built inside their city and the thousands of human children whose bodies were slowly getting corrupted by the radiations.

"It is always powerless people who end up in such power struggles..." Yasmine sighed, harming all these children just could not be justified because all these creatures suffered before.

Yasmine then thought of Vritra who had obtained so much strength in such a short time, was betrayed and suffered so much yet still kept his kindness alive.

Most in his place would have caused chaos all over the world long ago.

"Let’s just get this over with." Vritra mumbled, looking at the thousands of rats, especially the two leaders at the front.

Fighting all of them at once might be painful, but it will give a faster death to them all.

The time inside the city suddenly slowed down, all the Arthal plague rats began to move slowly.

[Intra Shuffle Activated.]

Vritra decided to use the same tactic, and with his current strength, he could let his arms stretch over a really long distance.

WHOOSH WHOOSH

Instantly, his arms pierced through the bodies of hundreds of the creatures, and both his palms got embedded into the bodies of the two leaders.

Radioactive radiations, thousands of times more powerful than the ones before, immediately rushed into his body.

[Suck! Suck! Suck! Activated.]

The speed increased further by a lot, even the ones who hadn’t been attacked began to release the radiations.

Of course, Vritra didn’t use it on the kids present in the hospital; he wasn’t yet sure how to save them.

[Extreme Radiations Sensed!]

[Absorbing at full limits.]

Mutamorphis pushed itself to the limit as it began to merge the deadly radiations with Vritra’s body, but it was still quite a lot.

His arms would start to distort, only for them to return to normal after a moment. Vritra’s entire body was affected, but he didn’t pause and endured.

The creatures could do nothing but release more and more radiations.

Soon their bodies began to shrink, even the leaders’ bodies were affected.

’Hoo, just a little more...’ Vritra shut his eyes tight as minutes ticked by.

An hour or so had passed and nearly a quarter of the creatures were dead, leaving behind their skins and those tiny crystals.

Just like that, time passed, and within a few more hours, all the creatures died.

The three leaders and thousands of Arthal plague rats, whom not even the emperors could clear completely, were wiped out.

[Progress: 80%]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...