Chapter 600 Bad Revenge

Vritra had just taken a couple of steps when he suddenly noticed a slight change inside his dimensional book.

Quickly, he scanned and was surprised to see the tiny pill breaking apart.

Instantly joy and excitement filled his heart, looking up at his wives, he didn't explain anything and just said:

"Handle everything here, I will be back soon."

Vanessa and the others stared at him in surprise and before they could even ask, Vritra disappeared.

"What happened?" Diana looked at the others in confusion, and soon they all looked at Yasmine, who could easily see what Vritra was seeing or talk to him internally.

After a moment her eyes widened in surprise as she mumbled: "Yennefer is back!!"

…

Inside the dimensional book, Vritra quickly got close to the pill that was starting to crack up.

It only took a few moments and finally it disintegrated, leaving behind a weak wisp of energy.

"It's her soul!" Vritra exclaimed, surprised at how weak and close to death she actually was.

With so little strength and energy, she couldn't even regain consciousness and very soon would really die.

Vritra's heart thumped wildly as he pulled out thousands of bottles of soul potions.

Then changing their form from liquid to pure energy he moved it towards the soul, letting it strengthen and heal her.

Using Nihil Anima, Vritra surrounded her soul, making the mythic halo nourish her soul and protect it.

Without wasting a moment, he continued to pour more and more energy, frantically pouring it all into her soul.

And slowly, the soul's strength began to increase as her consciousness started to return.

Dozens of minutes passed and Vritra didn't stop until the strength of her soul had reached the general rank.

Finally she was safe, wiping the sweat from his forehead he took several long breaths, his heart beating rapidly.

"Haa it almost feels like I have become a doctor and just performed the most difficult and critical surgery."

But with his physique, he calmed down within moments. Then he looked up at the soul, the silhouette was translucent but clearly, it was her!

That gorgeous and graceful empress, her eyes were still closed while her aura got stronger and stronger.

Vritra waited, still feeling a little nervous; right now this was his biggest worry, if she could return, his family would finally be complete… for now.

A few silent moments passed, the beautiful figure continued to float, even now she had that oppressive aura.

Out of all his wives, she was the one who showed little emotion, but also loved dominating him in bed.

A few tense moments later, her eyes fluttered and slowly, Yennefer opened her eyes.

As her blue eyes opened, she appeared dazed and confused, Vritra just waited.

As clarity returned to her eyes, she looked around with questions rising in her eyes.

And finally her gaze fixed on Vritra, she was surprised and without a word she flew close to him.

"Husband!!" Yennefer tried to hug him but her body just passed through Vritra's, leaving her baffled.

And only now did she notice her condition, after looking down, her adorable face looked confused.

Her mature and voluptuous figure trembled.

"W- What's happening? Husband?" she looked up at Vritra, who had turned to face her.

"Yenni, welcome back…" Vritra smiled, he almost felt like crying seeing her again, but no tears were coming, thankfully.

Otherwise, crybaby would be activated for no reason.

"Huh? I was… a dream? Didn't I die?" Yennefer looked up at Vritra, still wondering if it was the afterlife.

After she saved Vritra, her body was destroyed and even her soul didn't survive as darkness consumed her vision.

But suddenly, she was in a very long and beautiful dream.

A dream in which only she and Vritra were present, they lived alone together on a mountain.

Like loving husband and wife, just like they lived in that divine realm. She had spent exactly a year in that dream.

Despite everything, she was just happy to be with the one person she loved the most.

After losing him once, she never wanted to be separated.

"Yenni, this is real. I am real and so are you." Vritra stepped forward, raising his hand to touch her cheek but she was just a soul after all.

"I didn't die?" after confusion drifted away, a beautiful smile appeared on her face.

Her heart was full of warmth and happiness as she gazed at her husband. She had lost hope and thought that they would be separated forever.

But she was just happy that he was safe.

"Yes, you didn't. There are a lot of things you need to know, but first let's go out." Vritra had a big smile on his face, he was just so happy.

The empress of his heart, Yennefer, still stirred the same feelings in his heart, only more intensely.

"…" Yennefer nodded quickly, she so badly wanted to hug Vritra but was restricted.

Using her soul power, she used it like telekinesis, as she held Vritra's hand.

She was yet to properly meet his, no their family, and wanted to talk a lot with Vritra.

The two left the dimensional book and reappeared in the marriage hall, just as they appeared, Yennefer was shocked to see her surroundings.

Especially the strange noises coming from that one particular room.

"Ignore that." Vritra quickly pulled her towards his other women.

By now, most of the people were gone, the few members of the Ford family were still around.

Though they were busy with their own problems and weren't paying any attention to others.

"Yenni is back!" Vritra said as all of his women looked at her slightly blurry form, it was her soul after all.

"…" Yennefer too had a big smile as she gazed back at them.

She had met Fiona, Vanessa and Diana before, and also recognized Yasmine immediately, but her gaze paused on Teresa.

Her smile disappeared as she looked at Vritra and asked: "Husband, who is she?"

"Oh uh…" Vritra scratched his cheek, he remembered only now how possessive she was.

At the start she didn't even like the fact that he had other women in his life, although she came to terms with it.

But of course, because of that she became quite clingy and demanded more of his time and love.

So it was evident, she wouldn't be happy to know he just went ahead and married another woman.

Even giving her a ceremony.

Vanessa couldn't help but chuckle, wondering how her son was going to deal with it.

Yasmine smiled playfully, she wanted to tease but decided not to make it difficult for her husband.

Maeve wasn't here or she would have certainly helped her master slash husband. Yennefer noticed the demoness's absence too, but that wasn't important now.

Diana just smiled faintly, it seemed a good drama was about to begin.

While Fiona as the dutiful wife took it upon her to bring her husband out of this predicament.

She gave Vritra a reassuring smile, and spoke: "Let me explain to you. She is Teresa Ford, Sir Giant's granddaughter."

After a slight pause, she continued: "And darling married her through a very grand ceremony some time ago, she is his seventh wife."

"…" Vritra looked at Fiona with surprise and a look of betrayal, it seemed she was still angry at not getting a proper ceremony.

And she chose this moment for her revenge.

'I was wrong, revenge isn't fun at all…'

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...