Chapter 234: Lingering Danger

"Try it," Vritra said, gesturing towards Fiona.

She nodded and moved closer to the door. Before even touching it, she could feel a force pulling her towards it, and as her finger came in contact with it—unlike Vritra’s case—she was easily able to pass through the barrier.

"I was right," he said. After thinking for a moment, he looked at Diana and Vanessa and spoke:

"You two should return to the castle for now with Bobby."

Right as he spoke, a shadow flew from under his feet and transformed into a three-meter-high sphere. Since Bobby could also fly, going back with it would be a lot faster.

"Alright, take care of yourself and Fiona," Vanessa said, and jumped onto Bobby.

"Be careful..." Diana said before following Vanessa. As the two women stood on top of Bobby, Vritra formed a sort of barrier with dust on top of Bobby so it would be easier for them to travel.

"Yeah, I will be careful. Ghost, go with them," Vritra said, as another shadow flew away and disappeared into the darkness under Bobby.

In the next moment, Bobby flew away at high speed, bringing the two women along. Finally, Vritra turned to Fiona. He cupped her tender cheeks gently and looked into her eyes.

"Do you want to go inside? Unknown dangers hide inside, and unfortunately, I can’t enter with you, so you will only be able to depend on yourself." He wasn’t going to stop her just because it was dangerous—such great opportunities won’t pop up every day.

"... Yeah, I will enter, and don’t worry, I will do my best to return to you safe and sound," Fiona nodded with a determined look.

"Okay, go inside. I will wait here until you come out. Don’t try to be stubborn if it gets too difficult, and if you really are in danger, then I will just break down this door and come to you," Vritra added in a serious tone.

"I know, I won’t throw my life away just because of some stupid inheritance. I am going to spend my entire life with you. So I will exit the moment I can’t proceed," Fiona replied with a sweet smile.

Vritra pressed his lips against her soft, moist lips, giving her a kiss full of love.

"Go ahead, I am sure you can do it," Vritra said as he embraced her tightly before moving back.

"Mmm." She nodded and turned to enter.

"Wait," Vritra called out, and Fiona looked back in confusion, waiting for him.

"Ghoul, try to enter," he said, as the soul wraith materialized beside him and extended one of its hands towards the large fiery door. Ghoul’s hand actually just passed through the barrier.

"I guess he can’t be counted as a living being, so the barrier can’t work against him," Yasmine mumbled to herself.

"This is great, now you will be safe. Ghoul, go along with her and help her if she is in danger or asks for your help. Otherwise, just let her continue," Vritra commanded as the soul wraith transformed into a shadow and followed Fiona.

"I will be going now," Fiona smiled and said. She didn’t reject, and with Ghoul following her, she felt more confident.

She wasn’t the type of person who would feel inferior getting her man’s help to get stronger; instead, she just loved his caring side so much, and now one of her biggest reasons to get stronger was him.

"Okay." Vritra watched as Fiona disappeared into the large door. Few inheritances had opened in the Blue Kingdom recently after the Scarlet Inheritance was obtained, and people would flood there to get their hands on the inheritance.

So Vritra had to stay there and keep anyone from entering. He was only left with Bob now; all the other soul wraiths were busy elsewhere. After all, previously Bob was with Monk Shitless, but now there was no need for it.

"Wifey, how long do you think she would need to get that inheritance?" Vritra asked, as he hovered in front of the large fiery door.

"Based on the difficulty, I would say at least three to four days, or it might be more," Yasmine answered.

"Hmmm. Mom and Diana should be fine with Ghost protecting them, and I have enough food to be full for long enough. Though if I could get a high-level demon, it would be even better," Vritra mumbled.

He called out Bob and made it increase its size so that from the front it covered the entire fiery door. He sat on top of Bob and asked: "Have you already absorbed all that soul potion?"

"Yes. What about you, hubby?" she asked, while carefully observing the surroundings.

"Yeah, I have already absorbed it all too, and my soul seems stronger than before. I can just feel it somehow. Anyway, how much of your strength do you think you have recovered?" he questioned. While he needed to protect the entrance, talking with his sweet and naughty wife was the best activity he could do.

"My strength has already entered the 2nd Legion Rank. It should be above 2,100 for now. Nihil-Anima is also getting stronger, so my healing will also become faster," she answered. Lately, they hadn’t had such private moments, where there was no one but just the two of them.

"Even this Phoenix Inheritance has opened... sigh, when will the Misty Essence come out?" Vritra muttered. That was the only reason why he was staying in this kingdom despite the danger.

"Oh, someone is approaching." Vritra sensed the presence of two demons that had probably sensed the presence of the inheritance door. They were rapidly running in his direction.

"Bob, wait here for a moment," Vritra spoke and disappeared, shooting in the direction of the demons. They were mindless demons who just sensed a treasure.

Maybe this was for the better. Many people might be attracted to the inheritance, and this way he could gain a lot of experience points.

***

The three men from the Golden Moon— J, K, and O, had left for the First City to investigate the presence of the Grieves, because of the letter they had received. They arrived at the temple but couldn’t find anything strange. The three knew it was almost impossible to uncover the Grieves if they were trying to hide.

So after their long investigation, even a thorough search across the entire city, the three members weren’t able to find anything. Though the Grieves became even more cautious now, they were surprised that people were getting aware of their presence so soon. But they were close to achieving their goal, so they just needed to hide for some more time.

On this day, the Grieves were waiting just as usual, and suddenly they sensed a big change from a similar position as before, and it seemed this time that particular inheritance had finally opened.

Leading a large group of white-clothed men, the pope of the temple flew towards the Small Forest at high speed, bringing almost all the members along.

The strength of most of them was above the 1st Legion Rank and close to the 2nd Legion, or even above. Since the time had finally come, they were going all out.

Within a minute, they arrived in the Small Forest and soon found the inheritance door. There was a large metallic ball present in front of it.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...