Chapter 29: Sweet!

With a resounding boom, Diana was smashed against the floor. She coughed while feeling her head buzz. This much force wasn't enough to injure her, but her throat and head felt slight pain; especially the shock of Vritra's strength.

Yasmine observed everything nervously, just a few more seconds...

Vritra once again raised her body and exerted all his strength as he swung her towards the wall.

But there was undoubtedly a huge difference between the two in every aspect. Even though Vritra had managed to catch the goddess off guard, she had already regained her senses, as rage filled her being.

A mere mortal dared to hit her in such a disrespectful way; even treating her delicate body in such a bad manner.

Even before Diana was smashed into the wall or the barrier for the third time, her hands struck out at a speed that Vritra couldn't even see the attack. Her palm, containing all of her physical strength plus whatever holy energy she could conjure within seconds, hit Vritra's chest.

BOOOOOM

The force was so intense that his body flew back and collided with the barrier in a violent manner. In an instant, almost all the bones in his body had shattered while his chest caved in a bit; all the ribs were broken.

He coughed out blood and had no strength left in his body to even raise his hand. His skin was torn and blood was flowing out from all over his body, forming a pool of blood around him; his breathing was extremely shallow.

Diana wasn't planning to underestimate Vritra again. Even though she felt that this strike should be enough to kill him, she still rushed after him, and as she expected, even though he seemed to be on his last breath, Vritra had survived.

He didn't even have the strength to mutter a single word, so he gave his command in his mind, as he barely clung to consciousness.

"Exhume..."

In the next instant, more than twenty towering figures appeared in front of Diana out of nowhere, momentarily stunning her.

'I-Is this the ability of the Nihil-anima? I have to get rid of him!!'

ROAARRR

All the minotaurs charged forward, but Diana's momentum didn't pause for a moment. Her hands moved with grace as she easily tore the minotaurs in front of her into pieces as they turned into smoke and disappeared.

These strange-looking beings only managed to delay her for less than three seconds, and once again, Diana was upon the weak and helpless Vritra, ready to crush him with her next strike.

Two hands emerged from her shadows once again, clutching her feet and trying to make her fall. But how could she fall for the same trick again? Diana snorted and forcefully freed her feet by crushing those hands.

She stood in front of Vritra, her hands raised as deadly energy gathered over her palms. But Diana froze for a moment as out of nowhere, Vritra began to laugh in a maniacal way, as if in the face of danger he had truly gone mad.

"Enough!!" she brought her hands down, her face burning with anger.

Under his weak breathing, Vritra muttered with great difficulty: "F-Freeze..."

And instantly, Diana's body froze. Her palms had stopped just a few inches above his head, almost delivering a deadly blow, and only now did she notice that the colourless flames had already covered the entirety of her soul.

Dread filled the goddess at this realization. She struggled with all her might but couldn't do anything.

'I lost?' She couldn't believe that she had lost to someone so much weaker than her, all because of her stupid decisions, and now he could decide upon her life and death with a single thought.

While the goddess was dealing with her despairing thoughts, Vritra tried to cope with the pain as he took several long breaths, and under the effect of the lesser healing, he was finally able to move his right hand a little.

He took out a few bottles of healing potions from his inventory and drank them. Warmth spread across his body and his injuries began to heal rapidly. The cracked bones were soon back to their peak state; almost all of his injuries healed within the time of a couple of minutes.

Even his breathing became normal. Vritra then glanced at his right arm; although it was healing and regenerating, the pace was very slow. It would take at least a few weeks and many more potions for it to completely heal.

Finally, he looked up at the goddess. Her palms were hovering just a few inches above his head, clearly intended to turn his head into minced meat.

"Step back," he said and stood up. Diana obediently put down her hands and took a step back, standing straight like a mannequin except for the hatred and rage in her eyes.

"You lost. Now tell me, how do you want to die?" Vritra flashed a devilish smile, giving goosebumps to the goddess in front of him.

"..." Diana couldn't speak anything. Her eyes were filled with shock, hatred, disgust, and a little fear. With just one word, she might really end up dying.

'He isn't a human. I have underestimated him too much; all because of my arrogance...' Diana cursed Vritra and herself at the same time.

"Yes, you are right about all three things. If you weren't so arrogant, then you would have killed me first. If you hadn't underestimated me, then you wouldn't have just sealed this place but also used more treasures. And I am indeed not human." As he spoke, Vritra stood in front of her. He gazed at her dazzling face; he felt that it was a waste with that personality of hers.

Well, personality could be changed after her training.

'He can even read my mind?!! What do you want?' Diana was even more terrified now. She had truly become a doll in his hands—wait, only one hand now.

Vritra didn't say anything. He held her shoulder, and in the next moment, he pressed his lips against her jade-like neck, feeling her butter-like skin. The goddess thought that he planned to taint her body, but before her thought could develop any further—

He bit her neck as a little pain shot through the goddess's body. His teeth sank into her smooth, milky skin and then her warm blood flooded into his mouth. Vritra gulped one mouthful after another.

This felt even better than the potions he had drunk. Instantly, his left arm began to heal at a rapid pace. Diana shut her eyes, feeling more and more terrified; she was right—he is a demon. Now she was regretting getting greedy over a treasure. Was it more important than her life?

After a few minutes and drinking several mouthfuls of her blood, Vritra finally pulled his lips away from her neck. He licked the drop sliding down her smooth neck and muttered: "Sweet!!"

Diana's wounds healed almost instantly and Vritra was back in his peak state. He felt so full of energy that he could go another round of fight with this goddess.

"Hmm, the sweet blood of a goddess indeed tastes much better than the blood of demons." Vritra spoke as he licked his lips, giving yet another shock to Diana.

__________

Thanks for reading...