Chapter 271: The Roleplay

Fiona and Vritra silently walked towards their room while holding each other’s hand; they could feel the heat in their bodies rising.

Soon they entered the room. The moment the door was closed, Fiona put her arms over his shoulders and pressed her body against him.

And then their lips met, Vritra’s hands resting over her waist.

Fiona’s lips felt so soft and delicious; Vritra instantly pulled her lips into his mouth and began biting them, sucking them hard as if he could really pull out something from her juicy lips.

Her sweet smell filled Vritra’s nose, the warmth of her body pressing all over him.

"Mmmm~ SLURP," moaning into his mouth, Fiona felt as if her lips were about to melt. Feeling his teeth biting into her lips, she felt soft all over.

Pulling back for a moment, Fiona’s breathing was heavy as she spoke while panting: "Since this is haa haa our first time, how about we make it a haa little special?"

’Special, huh? That play with Diana indeed made our first time special. The entire sex with mom was special since it had such a taboo feeling, but what can we even do?

I don’t think she is into masochism like Diana nor into dominating like Yennefer...’ Vritra wondered, but seeing the naughty glint in the redhead’s eyes, he was sure she had already thought of something.

"Sure, tell me what you want," he questioned.

Fiona brought her lips closer to his ear and then whispered in a sultry tone: "How about we do a roleplay?"

’As expected, she is into the thrill of roleplays,’ Vritra thought and asked: "Sure, what sort of roleplay?"

"Hmmm, how about student and teacher?" Fiona said, a naughty idea filling her mind.

"You are the student and I am the teacher?" he asked.

"No, it’s the opposite. I will be the teacher, and you will be the student. And it will be the taboo relation between the two as you try to seduce your teacher despite her resistance," she suggested.

Scratching his head, Vritra imagined this scenario, and indeed it would be exciting, but he wasn’t really sure how to actually do it.

"I can try..." he said, shrugging his head.

"Alright, let’s do it. From now on, don’t break the character no matter what. The one who breaks the character first will lose, okay?" Fiona said; she wanted to try so many things with him.

"Uh... okay," Vritra said, unsure of how he should play it out, but he was rather good at acting, so he was sure he could pull it off.

Fiona took a step back, then she walked over to the bed and sat down while facing in the opposite direction. She even took out a book from the storage glyph and began to read it, her posture really looking like that of a teacher.

’Here goes nothing.’ Vritra started walking towards her while playing the scenario in his mind. Since she wanted to feel that taboo pleasure from it, he decided to play along.

"Ms. Fiona, I finished putting up the list of marks you asked me to," Vritra said as he walked closer to her. Doing roleplay like this felt quite strange but also exciting.

"Oh Vritra, thank you. You really are the best student of my class," Fiona replied with a smile as she closed the book and turned to look at him.

"Although I didn’t mean to look around, while saving those files I saw something rather intriguing," Vritra said vaguely.

"W-What did you see?" Fiona asked, her brows knitting in nervousness.

"I didn’t think that as a teacher you would be reading that sort of novels—novels of taboo relations between a teacher and students. Is that why you became a teacher? Novels like: Secret Lessons After Class, I Only Wanted Extra Credit, Not the Teacher’s Heart, My Student Won’t Let Me Sleep... tch tch, I wonder what everyone will say if they were to know what our great teacher really is."

Fiona’s cheeks had a crimson blush as she heard all that. Vritra was slightly surprised at her acting skills; she was definitely talented in this field.

"T-That’s not true, you must have seen wrong," Fiona fumbled over her words while speaking. She stood up hastily and looked really nervous.

"I knew you would say that; that is exactly why I took the proof." After speaking, he pulled out a mobile from nowhere and showed her the screen.

"Uh... That’s... I don’t know how it appeared there, maybe it is because of s-some virus or something," Fiona said. She knew that mobile was just an illusion.

"Yes, I believe in you, really. But what would happen if everyone in the college got to know about this? Will they believe you? What about your reputation, your job? Sigh, a teacher who lusts after her student... you will remain on the news for several days," Vritra said with a shake of his head as he put away the mobile.

"N-No, please, you can’t do that. I know it was wrong, I won’t do that ever again, so please just forget about it," Fiona pleaded, looking really frightened.

"So you agree, you really read these things? The ecchi romance between student and teacher?" Vritra asked, a small smile on his face.

"Y-Yes, I did," Fiona turned her head down in shame and agreed.

"Thank you, and that’s all the proof I needed," Vritra said as he pulled a camera he had hidden in the room before.

"What are you planning to do with this? Please stop, I have never treated you badly. I can even give you extra marks if you want," Fiona said in a begging tone, her face ashen as if she had just realised Vritra’s true motive.

"Haha, I don’t need those extra marks, but all I want is you," Vritra finally said, a big grin spreading across his face.

"W-What? No way, we can’t do that, that’s a crime. Please, I am begging you, don’t ask me for something like this," Fiona showed surprise and slight interest before displaying her reluctance.

"Fine, then I will just show it to everyone. We can’t have a teacher like you lingering around in the school anyway," Vritra shrugged and turned around.

But Fiona panicked. She moved forward in haste and took his hand, then taking a deep breath, she finally spoke.

"Fine, do as you wish, but you have to delete that after just this time," she said resolutely.

"I will be the one to decide that. If you do good, then I will definitely delete it, but if you don’t, then I won’t delete it," Vritra added as he faced her with a smile.

Fiona acted as if she hated his smile so much, then she nodded in reluctance.

"So, Ms. Teacher, why don’t you show your enthusiasm—show me how much you have learned from those novels," Vritra added as he just stood there and made no move.

Fiona showed a reluctant expression, but then she nodded and took a step forward.

She shut her eyes and bit her lip in nervousness. Her shaky hands cupped lightly over his cheeks before she stood on her tiptoes and gently pressed her lips against his.

It was obvious that the teacher was also aroused by the situation, as she took the initiative to deepen the kiss.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...