Chapter 104: Holy Monk

Among all the people from the Nine Pacts, the third leader was especially benevolent and down to earth, as he pressed his head against the ground and cried like a child, begging for forgiveness from all his victims and their families.

For some reason, it seemed the two sides had changed their roles— but to an extreme level. The people who were evil had turned into the most pure hearted, upright, and chivalrous— the type to follow the teaching that if someone slaps one of your cheeks, you present the other cheek to receive another slap.

They kept muttering things like:

"Oh God, forgive us for the sins we have committed. We shall never even touch a weapon again in our life. We should protect the weak."

"Yes, all our power should be for the weak. We can’t slaughter people like those evil Golden Moon people. Nine Pacts will always protect the people of this world."

While the people who could be considered overall good had turned into such evil psychos that they were attacking people for no reason. They laughed madly and cursed everyone. They became ruthless, morally twisted, and corrupt.

"Kekeke, kill everyone! These weaklings don’t deserve to live. And you bastard, you took money from me and didn’t return it. Now die, and then I will slaughter your family for one silver coin. Kekeke."

"These evil Nine Pacts pigs need to be slaughtered! I am going to kill anyone who comes in front of me— even if it’s these pretentious Golden Moon assholes."

"Protect the weak? Kekeke, nice joke. If you are weak, then you are just begging to be killed."

Such words were shockingly coming from the Golden Moon side. Vritra felt quite strange seeing the two sides act so bizarrely. Then he remembered something.

"Oh right, Monk Shitless. He must have been affected by the curse here, right? He was a monk, so wouldn’t he be much more evil? Sigh... don’t tell me he is killing others too—"

Vritra looked around and soon saw a strange sight. Monk Shitless was on the ground beside his bull. He had prostrated himself on the ground as he shouted the hardest, asking gods for forgiveness for crimes like peeing on the temples and much more.

Vritra: "..."

"T- That bastard is evil despite being a monk?" Vritra let out a flabbergasted scoff. How absurd was that? And he was a strange kind of evil— unlike the Nine Pacts.

"Anyway, what am I supposed to do now? Should I just look for the next door?" Vritra was pondering when the strangely behaving people took notice of him.

It was just a few at first, but upon seeing him, they called out loudly.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +11,003}

{Sin Point Gained: Taunted +11,003}

{Sin Point Gained: Doubted +11,003}

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +11,003}

...

"H- He is still alive?!! Then what about those two Myriad creatures? Did they leave?" a Golden Moon member spoke.

Sin points once again began to pour out, making Vritra feel quite nice. Seeing these messages flash was always a satisfying sight.

"It’s that bastard! How can he still be alive? Am I hallucinating? Maybe something has gone wrong with my brain. For a moment I can even believe that the holy Demon Lords are the symbol of evil—but how can he be alive?" a Nine Pacts member shouted.

"Kekeke, let’s kill that hateful, detestable creature! He came back at the right time—I’ve never wanted to kill someone so badly. I will offer his blood to the evil and vile righteous lords," said someone from the Golden Moon.

"Oh forgiving Demon Gods, even though we follow the path of benevolence, forgiveness, and virtue, evil must be erased from this world—especially when it is the epitome of evil, the incarnate of evil, the sinful creature. Please forgive us, for we are about to kill—even if it is to erase darkness from the world," said someone from the Nine Pacts.

"Yes, we have to kill that bastard."

"We are sorry. Will you just let us kill you a bit? Please let us send you to the ever holy Demon Gods. It won’t be painful."

Vritra: "..."

"Hahaha, they all hate you so much that even in that state, all of them had united to kill you—whether good or evil, even the curse can’t break that hatred. This is too funny."

Yasmine laughed hard at this scene. She really loved it when her husband turned on that shameless switch. She even thanked those Demon Lords for using underhanded methods to hurt her so she was able to witness all this.

After a long laugh, she asked in a playful tone, "So Daddy, what are you going to do next?"

Vritra rolled his eyes. He really wanted to give a light spank to her, but he enjoyed her presence and words just as much, so he decided to be virtuous and tolerable.

’I wonder if I was affected by that curse, how would I be behaving? Would I become good or evil?’ he wondered. But before doing anything, he first needed to get the whole situation under control.

Taking in a deep breath, he shouted, "ALL OF YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP!!"

{Sin Point Gained: Surprised +11,003}

{Sin Point Gained: Frozen +9,246}

{Sin Point Gained: Hated +10,492}

...

Because of their crazed state, all the people were stunned—but just for a few moments before the group of thousands charged towards him like moths to flames.

Vritra wasn’t planning to slaughter them all—or at least not yet. These were the tools for farming sin points, and his sin points hadn’t even reached what they were previously yet.

"Exhume." He muttered in a low voice, as two large dark and metallic balls shot out of his shadow and rotated at one point on either side of Vritra. The air suddenly became dense with killing intent, and a heavy pressure descended upon everyone.

All the people froze in their tracks. The fear suppressed all natures—whether good or evil. They just stood there silently with eyes wide open and bodies trembling, as another wave of sin points flowed.

"W- What are these two creatures doing here? And how can this bast— no no I meant the honoured one— control them?" someone muttered.

"All of you pigs, had I not been telling you not to disrespect my lord?! How can you a- all even think of harming the honoured one?" another person chimed in.

{Sin Point Gained: Feared +11,003}

{Sin Point Gained: Revered +11,003}

...

"Nice, just be obedient and you will survive." Vritra nodded his head as his sight moved from left to right and landed on Number One.

"You, step forward." He called out, and Number One froze. He was already quite weak, but even if he was at his peak, how could he have been a match for two terrifying Myriad creatures?

He almost peed his pants just under their aura. All his arrogance and confidence had been wiped away in seconds as he fell to his knees and began to beg.

"S- Sir, please forgive me, just give me another chance. I was a- arrogant before— *SLAP* I was stupid— *SLAP*"

Number One slapped himself again as his mask broke and his nose began to bleed.

____________

Thanks for reading...