Chapter 65: Helping a Horny Damsel-2

Her juicy pink lips parted softly.

Vritra felt a sweet taste as soon as their tongues came into contact. Fiona’s delicate body trembled as his warm and wet tongue gave a gentle lick to her curious and inexperienced small pink tongue.

Even though the aphrodisiac had already spread across her entire body, with his current physique and body control, it wouldn’t affect him too much, so he began to deepen the kiss without any worry.

Vritra slowly savoured Fiona’s mouth’s taste as his tongue coiled around her shy tongue, their saliva mixing as he licked all around her mouth, feeling the warmth and sweetness which he found quite wonderful. She was so fragrant, so delicious that he couldn’t help but have a reaction, feeling his own lust meter going high.

Fiona really looked so beautiful—her peach-like lips and her soft tongue were sweet like hell. Her occasional moans almost made him want to take her right there and then.

Although this wasn’t his first kiss, it was the first kiss that was as passionate and wet like this. He was also quite inexperienced, so the kiss was a bit clumsy.

Vritra licked Fiona’s tongue gently as he explored her mouth, making a mess with his saliva. His body was pressed against hers, so he could clearly hear the pretty girl’s heartbeat that was beating like drums.

GULP~

Fiona’s body was having such a strong reaction after she had swallowed a bit of his saliva, but he wasn’t sure just yet if his plan was working.

The kiss continued for several more seconds as their saliva mixed and filled up her mouth before she swallowed it hungrily. As Fiona tasted and drank his saliva, she found its taste extremely good and sweet like honey, so she instinctively started to suck his mouth, pulling even more saliva—still under the effect of the aphrodisiac.

"Mmmmph~ SLURP GULP SLURP Hmmmm~"

Vritra responded to the reaction of Fiona’s tongue by increasing the intensity of the kiss. As the warm saliva moved down to her belly, it seemed to have the intended effect, as the aphrodisiac’s influence gradually began to weaken— but her craving for his saliva only increased.

Fiona’s legs coiled around his, and she hugged Vritra tightly, wrapping her body around his like a possessive snake as she pulled his body against hers to suck as much of that wonderful saliva as possible.

If Max were to see how Fiona was literally trying to devour Vritra’s mouth, he would instantly cough out blood and die. His lover looked so hungry for another man right now.

Fiona was responding to the kiss with a wild ferocity— it was almost as if she was trying to quench a thirst of several weeks with his sweet saliva.

Fiona still had her eyes closed as she started to pull Vritra more and more, before rolling around and lying on top of him, hugging him as tightly as she could, feeling his body’s warmth all over her own.

Fiona’s body did not want to separate from Vritra’s even as the effect of the aphrodisiac began to weaken, so she kept kissing and wanting more and more of him. Vritra was also enjoying the intense kiss with the beauty in his arms, but without a doubt, all of it indeed felt a little wrong.

But he was only doing it to help this poor lady. Yes, it wasn’t because of his lust— he was only trying to save her.

More than a dozen minutes had passed as Fiona continued to suck and devour more and more of his saliva, their lips rubbing and sliding over one another, creating a sultry mess.

She still believed it was Max— maybe that was probably why, even as the effect of the aphrodisiac had weakened, the intensity of the kiss only increased with time.

SLURP~ SLURP~

GULP~

Vritra decided to break the kiss and wake her up from her lustful state, so he pulled his head back a little. As their lips separated with a soft sound, her tongue came out of his mouth, creating a thick line of saliva between their mouths.

Fiona followed Vritra’s mouth when he moved his head away from her. She looked like a desperate child wanting her candy back and begged for it as she slowly opened her hazy eyes a bit.

"Please... Give me more... Mmmm~ SLURP"

Vritra wanted to bring Fiona back to her senses and then act like the victim, but how could he deny her request? He found it very difficult to deny that beautiful, cute redhead who sweetly pleaded with him to kiss her.

"I guess the aphrodisiac still hasn’t been removed completely... just a little more now." Vritra sighed. He couldn’t just leave this helpless girl in this condition, then brought his head close to Fiona’s.

She had already partly opened her dazed eyes and saw Vritra’s beautiful face. But her mind was still foggy, so she couldn’t think straight. Her body had no resistance against him, and she accepted everything without questioning.

Vritra kissed Fiona vigorously as she responded with even more hunger. Their tongues were fighting in such a pleasant mess—a fight that could go on for hours...

After several more minutes had passed, he decided to end the kiss. If it went on any longer, he really might not be able to hold back.

He broke the kiss again, but as she was on top of him, it was easy for Fiona to lower her head and continue kissing him. Vritra closed his mouth, and the redhead could only kiss his lips...

"Fiona... mm... wake up... I am Vritr—mmm..." Vritra tried to speak, but the hungry girl continued to kiss his lips, and he could not open his mouth or her tongue would enter again.

Fiona acted very cutely, and Vritra found her reaction both funny and pleasurable. By now, the aphrodisiac was mostly removed, so she was just acting on her own lust.

This girl had always been very curious about sex and had a very lustful nature—a trait that was not known by anyone. Her body instinctively wanted to have him.

Fiona continued to kiss Vritra’s lips. She wanted to taste more of his mouth... Her body had never wanted anything that much before.

Vritra realized that Fiona was now mostly fine, except for a hazy mind, so he turned his body, rotating their position. Now, he was lying on top of her, and he gave a soft kiss to her pretty mouth before separating.

"Since I helped you so much, I should charge a small fee." Vritra mumbled. Then he brought his mouth close to her milky and delicate neck before pressing his lips against her soft creamy skin.

"Hnnn~ Mmmm~ huff huff ahhh~"

He bit her skin and sucked on it, as Fiona squirmed under his body and moaned—feeling a tiny bit of pain and more pleasure. After sucking her skin for a minute or so, Vritra pulled back and saw the dark kiss bite he had left on her neck. It was on the side and would be easily visible.

But it seemed Fiona still didn’t want to end this session, as she licked her lips and her mouth searched for his.

____________

Thanks for reading...