Chapter 274: Full [R-18]

"Hnnnggg~ Uuuumph~" Fiona let out loud moans, as Vritra’s penis moved inside her body like a piston, hitting her insides with incredible force and scratching just the right places.

She could clearly feel the tip of his cock striking her cervix again and again, all the pain was already gone and only pleasure remained now.

They embraced each other tightly, as the sound of her moans mixed with the slapping sound rang out.

Vritra pulled back and sat up before pulling Fiona closer, their lips met in a fiery kiss, their tongues rolling around and making a wet mess while Fiona’s body kept bouncing on top of him.

Her hot and buttery skin was pressing against Vritra’s, those soft massive boobs squishing between their bodies, as the penis made squelching sounds in her pussy.

"Mmmmmph~ I- I am coming... Hnnnnnn~" Fiona let out a moan as her body arched backward, pushing her chest upwards, experiencing such a strong orgasm.

Jets of love juices flooded out of her body, while the cock continued to move in her cave, getting completely drenched in her hot nectar.

Even though her pussy was so wet, because of the tightness there was such a high resistance whenever Vritra tried to pull out.

Her vagina was pulling him back inside with a strong force, those soft fleshy folds clenching around his cock tightly.

Fiona pushed her body forward and gently pushed Vritra’s shoulder, making him lie back as she placed her palms over his chest and started pouncing her ass on his pelvis, hitting the supple and tender ass cheeks against his skin.

This was her first time but despite the lack of experience, the redhead acted upon her instincts as she twisted and rotated her waist, making his cock hit all of the erogenous zones in her pussy.

"Oooooh~ Aaaaaaaah~ I- It feels so haa haa good, d- darling Mmmmph~" Fiona moaned.

Tilting her body slightly to the side, Fiona pushed herself down as the tip of his penis poked against her soft flesh, before hitting her womb.

It wasn’t long before she started to feel another orgasm approach.

Fiona doubled down on her effort since she wanted Vritra to feel good from this as well. Her insides suddenly tightened around his cock, while the cervix pressed against the glans.

Vritra let out a faint groan of pleasure as he squeezed her ass cheeks suddenly. Fiona felt his cock twitch inside her body, and she knew exactly what it meant.

She leaned forward and kissed Vritra, muffling the sweet sounds of her moans as Vritra raised her waist before suddenly bringing her ass down, pushing his cock the deepest into her body.

"Ahhhhhhh~ S- So dweeeeep~ Mmmmmmm~" Fiona felt her entire body go soft, as suddenly she felt his cock enter way too deep, going into her womb.

Her mind exploded with pleasure as she orgasmed instantly.

Right then, another wave of pleasure rose as a strong jet of thick semen shot out of his cock into her body, hitting the walls of her womb with strong force.

Fiona shivered and clung tightly to Vritra, clearly sensing the hot cum filling up her belly. The amount of semen was a lot; she could even feel the walls of her womb stretching from the hot sticky fluid.

"Haa Haa Mmmm~" Fiona just lay on top of Vritra and panted heavily, even after his cock had stopped releasing more semen, it was still inside her body.

Vritra caressed the head of his lovely girl; she seemed tired and a bit overwhelmed by the pleasure.

Kissing her forehead gently, Vritra shifted her to the side carefully as his cock popped out of her pussy, making Fiona feel a bit empty inside but still feeling the hot sensation in her belly.

The two lay facing each other, hugging tightly.

Cuddling like this after that intense period of sex felt incredibly good. Fiona wrapped her arms around him and intertwined her legs with his, a feeling of love and safety rising in her heart.

"I love you..." Vritra whispered into her ear, as Fiona drifted off to sleep, the corners of her lips rising slightly in joy.

She had finally become a woman, and had also found her true love, this wonderful man who would do anything for her.

The bad bad boy she always wanted.

...

In the morning they woke up, Fiona was perfectly fine and no longer felt tired or any lingering pain.

Instead, she felt so energetic that inside the bathroom, while taking a bath, the two went at it again for a couple of rounds before finally leaving the hotel.

They still didn’t take a carriage and just walked back. Buying breakfast for everyone, they headed back while feeling an even stronger connection between themselves.

"Oh you are back? So how did your date go?" When they arrived inside the castle, the person they met was Vanessa, who was taking a walk outside alone.

Diana was preparing for the trip. She had been to the White Kingdom before and was quite excited to go there again; it was a prosperous kingdom that was superior to every other kingdom in the Topaz continent.

"Uhm... It was sweet and really really good..." Fiona said, feeling a bit shy. She was still holding Vritra’s arm.

"So you are officially my second daughter-in-law, hmm good good, honey’s taste in women is really good." Vanessa said with a teasing smile.

A big smile spread across Fiona’s face, but then she wondered if she should call Vanessa mom or not, after all, she knew about Vritra’s relation with her.

"Thank you..."

"It’s alright, you can call me mom as well, if you want." Vanessa easily understood what was troubling her.

"Thank you, mom!!" Fiona said, feeling even happier. Now it really felt as if she had married Vritra, though they will definitely plan a wedding later on.

"Congratulations honey, take good care of her, okay?" Vanessa said.

Though she completely believed in her son — he could be really brutal sometimes and could kill people without thinking twice — when it comes to family, he is extremely protective and possessive.

"Yes, I will forever take really good care of her." Vritra nodded. No matter what challenges they were going to face in the future, he wouldn’t let any of his women be harmed in any way.

The two women walked away together after a minute. Vritra watched them with a smile, happy that the bonding between all his women was so good.

All three of them had already broken through to the 1st Legion rank, and their training was going forward smoothly. The stronger Vritra and his soul wraiths are, the faster they will be able to level up as well.

That is exactly why strong kingdoms become stronger while weaker kingdoms could only grow very slowly.

Even the shittiest of heirs from strong families are very strong just because of the support.

"Anyway, now there is just one more day before we head out towards the White Kingdom and it will take around fifteen days at the least to arrive there." Vritra mumbled to himself.

There are a couple of kingdoms that they would have to cross, which is followed by the large forest that is surrounding the White Kingdom. A lot of bandits, demons, and other creatures hide in the forest.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...