Chapter 426: The Pig’s Trauma

Gazing at the vast crowd, Vritra could feel tens of thousands of sin points pouring in just by standing there.

It was going to be such a good day, and in this place, his earnings might even surpass what he earned in the White Kingdom.

After the public had settled down, it was finally time to start the show.

He slowly began to rise higher into the air, all the people excitedly and impatiently waiting.

"Hello, I am Daddy V, an agent from the Golden Moon. And I can see many familiar faces here today. I hope you all can win a lot of money," Vritra announced, earning even more points.

"Anyway, let’s first call out our subjects from the previous day."

Just as he finished speaking, the zombies, the bandits, and Ziggy appeared on the ground.

"Kukuku, just you wait, fatty pig. Today I am going to butcher that body of yours, you are all mine today!"

"No one is allowed to kill that leader of the bandits, I will be the one to kill him!"

Instantly, people began to threaten them. These were the same people who had been present the previous day too.

"Huh? What is wrong with these people? It seems they have gone mad." The people who had come for the first time were rather confused.

After a pause, Vritra continued, "I don’t think I need to give any intro for these people.

If you don’t know, then just ask someone beside you. Now let’s bring out more test subjects, more evil creatures."

Then he pulled out nearly two thousand people, all of whom were completely confused, wondering how they even ended up there.

"This bunch of people is the utter trash of society, the members of Nine Pacts, the people who skinned countless like you just in the name of experiments.

They planned to kill the god you pray to, they want to kill all your children and turn them into mindless chimeras and use them to devour their own family, just for their experiments!!"

Vritra said in a thundering voice, filling everyone in the crowd with rage.

"And we, the humans who have to protect our loved ones and our homes, would never let these sadistic bastards succeed in their plans.

So, I destroyed their bases and brought them here to be punished openly. This continent will soon be a place where you won’t have to fear anything. Let’s eradicate this evil together!!"

"YEAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!! KILLLL THEEEMMMMM!!"

"YOU ARE GOD!!"

"PLEASE START THE GAME, THOSE DEMONS NEED TO BE PUNISHED!!"

...

Vritra floated silently in the sky, taking in the strong reaction of the public.

Using just a few points, it was actually quite easy to distract and manipulate the public, and Vritra had long seen such things back on Earth where politicians always had a way to distract the public with some scandals.

"Alright, the rules will be the same as yesterday. The betting is still allowed.

The new subjects will be a part of the zombie group but won’t be spared by them, so zombies make sure to bite them and properly add them to your team."

Vritra said, and quickly the bets were placed, and they received various glyphs. This time people made sure to bring a lot of money.

After all the stuff was done, Vritra finally announced,

"The Game Begins!!"

Instantly the seats darkened, and light remained only in the inner part of the arena.

"F- Fuck! Not this again, OINK OINK, h-how long are we going to be tortured?" Ziggy rubbed his head and felt his heart tremble. This time the crowd was even bigger, and he could see a lot of glyphs.

All of the subjects were shivering, but they could do nothing but pitifully struggle to survive, just to go through the same torture the next day.

They had already started to regret ever choosing the dark organization.

No one was even coming to save them.

But the game had started and instantly...

ROOAAAARRRRRRR!!

Bullo seemed even more terrifying today. Right as Vritra announced, it charged into the group and began to tear them apart, giving deadly injuries.

And just like that, another day of the game started. Vritra made sure to add twists and turns to make it more interesting and watched as the number of people kept increasing.

After around five hours had passed and a break had just ended, Vritra was announcing the continuation when he suddenly paused.

"Let’s continue the ga—wait, what?" Suddenly he turned around, holding a communication glyph, shock on his face.

"Oh god, so something like that was going on behind our backs?" he spoke in a loud voice, acting as if he did so accidentally.

{Sin Point Gained: Confused +82,234}

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +82,353}

{Sin Point Gained: Urged +82,031}

...

"Dear participants, I have big news for you all!" Vritra said, his voice full of shock.

"But before that, I need to confirm something." After saying so, he landed on the ground and walked closer to Ziggy, who was lying flat on the ground, his body covered in wounds.

Instantly the public’s view was blocked. Ziggy looked at Vritra with fear, dragging his heavy body back.

"W-What do you want from me now? Oink Oink, p-please, I can give you whatever you want, just let me go, OINK OINK..." he begged, tears flowing down his cheeks.

"Haha, Ziggy, my friend, did you not recognize me? We met before, right?" Just after speaking, Vritra’s appearance changed, and his mask disappeared.

And Ziggy recognized him as the same demon who had kidnapped Maeve and was in control of her life force.

"Wh... so you were behind it from the beginning? How dare you do this to me?!! My father will find you from anywhere and give you the most terrifying death! Release me now! Where is Maeve?"

Ziggy’s fear instantly turned into rage; he was so angry.

Vritra snapped his finger, and the wall shifted, as Maeve, who was tied to a chair, appeared in view.

Vritra had disappeared; all of this was just an illusion now.

"Z-Ziggy?! Are you alright? What has he done to you, sob? You shouldn’t have tried to save me..." the fake Maeve spoke as tears filled her eyes.

"I-I have no regrets, if it is for you, I am ready to experience any tortu—" but before he could finish, the fake Vritra walked closer to Maeve and kissed her.

"Nooooo! You bastard, get away from her, I am going to kill you!!" Ziggy tried to move, but his body was held down by dust.

With Vritra’s back facing the pig, the two fake figures continued to kiss for a whole minute as the pig demon felt his very being burn in rage.

He had never been this angry; his future wife was just forcefully kissed by another demon. He wanted to destroy the entire continent.

"Heh, what about it?" Finally, the scene ended, the images disappeared, and the real Vritra stepped forward. All of it was very smooth.

Without wasting a moment, he removed the walls surrounding them as the public once again saw them.

"Sigh, just now I received big news. You should just look at it yourself."

After saying so, Vritra projected a video in the sky through a glyph that he had recorded previously.

In the video, Ziggy turned from his human form to the demonic one; it was at the moment when he had just met Vritra.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...