Chapter 49: The Return

Vritra finally stepped out of the labyrinth after more than five months, he bathed in the warm sunlight and heard the sound of nearby people and distant beasts, this time he didn’t cause a big commotion as he could perfectly control his killing intent.

"Haa so refreshing, I entered the labyrinth with the single status and leaving with the married status, based on the time spent here I should be nineteen now." Vritra mumbled, as he stood at the entrance of the labyrinth.

Yasmine had returned to his body, it wouldn’t be good if anyone were to notice her, it would put both of them in danger.

"What is even more surprising is that you had literally grown to this extent in mere two months. Now that both of our strength had grown quite a bit, it is time to wreak havoc in the Dunshire kingdom, all those people would have to pay for trying to kill my Hubby, won’t I have died single had they succeeded." Yasmine said, her tone both affectionate and slightly angry.

The two had already formed an evil plan to punish them all, the couple shared a devilish laugh when they planned it out.

"Yes yes, they will certainly pay... not just them but the demons too, let’s go." As Vritra spoke, he looked into the direction of the capital and then his figure blurred.

...

[Shift Activated.]

[Endurance→ Agility]

Agility: 2912

...

Vritra’s speed had increased to a great extent, in no time he had returned to the boundary of the capital, his body remained a blur as he ran at full speed while dodging the obstacles, this skill was truly too much of a cheat.

Vritra stood outside the gates and entered while walking normally, everything seemed just as he had left it; the thing he was most excited about was meeting Vanessa again, he wanted to share the news of his progress with her.

But he didn’t know that he was in for a great surprise.

He walked in the bustling market while looking around casually; just based on his appearance he was attracting the gazes of all the people in his surroundings, especially women and one after another message kept flashing.

{Sin Points Gained: Tempted +26}

{Sin Points Gained: Watched +44}

{Sin Points Gained: Charmed +31}

{Sin Points Gained: Envied +39}

...

Just by walking normally, he was getting tons of Sin points; Vritra had planned to find a place with lots of people later and draw something great from the Gacha again.

He walked like that while smiling at a few women who had instantly fallen so deeply in love with him, his current charms had also increased just like the stats of all his attributes, if he were to return to Earth he would easily be the most handsome person.

(Sin Points: 1133)

"Heh that’s a nice way of levelling, just walk around and you get a brand new cheat skill, won’t you get even more points if we were to walk together, hand in hand, imagine the flood of points."

Yasmine chuckled, now she really wanted to get her physical body back just to spend proper time with him.

"Yeah, I would get thousands of points just because of the men who would be jealous of me, especially the dragons, I stole their Queen." he replied.

After walking for a couple of hours and collecting quite a bit of Sin points while walking through the crowd, Vritra had finally arrived in front of the castle.

Like before one of the guards walked in front of him, after looking at him jealously he asked the same question: "Who are you? Why do you wish to enter?"

"I am Vritra." A simple reply came, and he didn’t add anything further.

"You are Vritra?" the guard asked in surprise and doubt.

’Here it comes again, the legendary question. I wonder how many people will ask me this today.’ He sighed in his mind and nodded, what the poor Vritra didn’t know was that very soon he would be the one who would be repeating a single word again and again.

{Sin Point Gained: Doubted +1}

The guard had seen Vritra enter the castle the last time in his ragged appearance and also when he left the castle, he did look handsome then but now, he was like a different person and much more handsome.

After staring at his face for a while the guard did notice some familiarities, so Vritra took out a ring from his inventory that was given to him by Diana although without her consent, it would allow him to easily go anywhere even in the castle.

"Ah this, was this given to you by the goddess?" the guard asked in surprise as he took a step back and became more respectful.

"Yes, can I enter now?" Vritra asked and placed the ring away.

"Y- Yes, please enter." The guard bowed.

Without giving him a second glance, Vritra entered and then began to walk towards the castle, he directly wanted to go and meet his mother, soon they will be able to leave the castle together and stay at a safer place.

While ignoring the gazes of all the people, Vritra made his way into the castle and soon arrived in front of Vanessa’s room, after looking himself over and making sure he was completely presentable without any smell of blood, he knocked on the door and called out:

"Mom."

First there was silence then the sound of something falling to the ground, with Vritra’s senses he could tell that it was a book, then came the sound of hurried footsteps.

The door opened, a woman with long and shiny black hair, hourglass figure and extremely beautiful face was revealed, she wore a black dress which when matched with her creamy white skin gave her a devilish look, she literally looked like a Succubus.

Those seductive black eyes, her baby-like soft and rosy cheeks and the pink and ripe lips... she looked like a femme fatale, her beauty was no less when compared to the goddess but her curves; her breasts jiggled with each step she took and her whole body looked so soft and creamy that one would want to take a bite.

"Mom?" Vritra mumbled in confusion, from her face she did resemble Vanessa but she seemed to have changed a lot in a positive way, even her hair had turned from green to black.

"Honey?" Vanessa was just as surprised, she paused for a moment and observed him up and down, and after a few seconds she was completely sure it was her Vritra and no one else.

"Yes, it is me." Her glistening lips curved into a beautiful almost dazzling smile, her eyes narrowing slightly as she leaned forward, squeezing her soft and supple boobs between her arms.

"Mom!!" After the two were sure of each other’s identities, they both looked at each other with love, happiness and affection, though one side felt a few additional emotions.

Vritra spread his arms as he stepped forward, wanting to embrace his mother who looked a bit younger but more beautiful and hotter, he was so happy to see that she was perfectly fine and even seemed to have grown a little stronger.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Seduced +1}

But Vritra didn’t notice it, he was about to receive the warmest welcome of his life.

____________

Thanks for reading...