Chapter 224: The Robbery

Inside the Paradise Hotel, in one of the rooms on the top floor, a man peacefully sleeping blinked his eyes and looked around, wondering where the noise was coming from.

It was one of the members of the Golden Moon. After yawning, he fell back asleep, not really caring about what was going on outside; his sleep was way more important, after all.

...

As the sky started to turn dark, Vritra returned to the castle. He went to his room and told the three women about a few of the events with the young prince. The three of them were shocked and understood why the market seemed so empty.

"Can we really stay in this kingdom? You have literally beaten the prince to such a bad state," Diana asked, wondering why trouble always revolved around Vritra.

"We will stay a bit longer. I’m still waiting for that inheritance to open; sigh, I wonder when it will open," Vritra said. He constantly checked that inheritance, but it had yet to open.

"Will the king arrest or attack us?" Fiona asked, while Vanessa’s words revolving in her mind, though she felt this wasn’t the time to show her womanly side to her man.

"He won’t, don’t worry about that. Even if he does, it won’t be hard to kill him," Vritra said. The labyrinth was going to break very soon. The three Soul Wraiths were quite close to finishing their absorption.

So he needed to hurry with his robbery—he needed a lot of soul potions and weapons too. They had already seen the inventories, and Vritra already had a plan to borrow everything.

"Why don’t we go and eat something?" Vritra asked after a while. A lot had happened today, and a lot more was going to happen soon.

"Yeah, let’s go." Vanessa smiled. She could only imagine that funny scene and regretted not watching the prince walking across the city.

The four made their way out of the room and met Sonia there, who was in a great mood. She had taken all her frustrations out today.

They went to eat dinner together but found the cook hadn’t made anything yet.

Vritra asked one of the cooks about the reason and found that it was because of the injury of the young prince—he had sustained serious injury on his lower body and ended up losing both marbles.

The atmosphere inside the castle was quite hectic, but probably because of his fear, he didn’t even come to confront Vritra.

"Please prepare some food for us," Vritra said, and the cook hesitatingly agreed. They began to prepare the food.

"Is this really okay? Shouldn’t we leave the castle?" Diana asked, looking around at the guards who were running across the corridors from time to time.

"It will be fine. The king is a cautious man. He won’t do anything recklessly," Vritra replied calmly.

Soon the food was served, and the group of five began to eat. After eating, they took a walk around the castle while Sonia went to meet the crown prince. She was also quite close to achieving her goal.

And finally, when it was getting late, they returned to their rooms. Fiona and Diana went to sleep with anticipation of the next day. Vanessa sat on the bed and watched as Vritra changed into completely black clothes and got ready to leave.

"Be careful, honey," she said, giving a peck on his lips.

"I will be back soon," Vritra said with a smile before disappearing. The security here was higher than the Dunshire Kingdom’s, but it still couldn’t beat his Fourth Dimension.

While Vritra was passing through the corridor, he saw the crown prince walking with a determined look on his face. It seemed Sonia had already done her work, and now he was going to meet his father and ask for some answers.

The king must already be furious right now, so their meeting was bound to end up in failure. The bottled-up anger because of the youngest prince’s condition would all explode at the crown prince.

’Looks like Henry doesn’t have long to live. What is he going to do with so much treasure anyway?’ Vritra thought as he flew towards the treasury.

None of the guards were able to notice him. As his strength continued to increase, even his skills were becoming stronger. Before, even Bob and Bobby were able to sense him, but now not even the strongest guard could.

After a few minutes, Vritra appeared in the potion treasury that was several times bigger than the one in the Dunshire Kingdom. If the Goddess were to see it, then she would just faint from happiness—she loved potions and treasure too much, after all.

Vritra deactivated the Fourth Dimension and appeared inside the treasury. This time, however, people were stationed even inside the treasury, so Vritra activated Shift and moved at full speed as he turned into a blur.

None of the guards even noticed any change before they were knocked unconscious—without even being able to make a noise.

Yasmine helped Vritra avoid several of the glyphs that were used as a sort of alarm, and finally, he was free to take whatever he wanted.

First, he stored the large stash of potions into his inventory. There were a lot of potions that weren’t even present in the Dunshire Kingdom. Without thinking too much, he just threw them into the inventory.

After a few minutes, only the soul potions remained on the shelves.

"Mmm, it is feast time, let’s go hubby!!" Yasmine cheered excitedly. She was feeling too weak. Her strength was even lower than 1st Legion Rank. Finally, with so many soul potions, a bit more of her strength would be restored.

And even the Nihil-Anima Mythic Halo would also grow stronger as it healed, though it could also heal as Vritra got stronger Soul Wraiths.

"Yeah, let’s dig in." Vritra’s smile widened as he picked one potion after another and gulped them all down, throwing the glass bottles away, then moving to the next.

Just as the soul potion entered his body, it would directly turn into energy and would be absorbed by Vritra, Yasmine, and Nihil-Anima. So despite drinking so many soul potions, Vritra wasn’t overwhelmed.

Within minutes, Vritra had drunk hundreds of soul potions. This kingdom was several times richer, and the number of soul potions was simply too high.

By the time Vritra had reached the last batch of the soul potions, he finally felt that it was enough for now. He stored the rest for emergencies. It could be used to restore Yasmine’s energy or heal her if her soul got injured in the future.

"Hmm, now let’s move to the next area. Let’s feed the Chaos Axes some weapons now," Vritra spoke, but just as he was about to activate the Fourth Dimension, he froze.

At the labyrinth, a big change was occurring. Dark Knight and Hellmancer were barely managing to hold on, but the Chimera seemed to have already reached its limit.

Cracks had started to appear over its body. It was no longer able to absorb any more Demon Lord’s energy.

’Stop! Stop! Get away!!’ Vritra ordered in his mind hastily, but the Chimera seemed to be glued to the broken core, and no matter how much it tried to separate, it wasn’t able to.

But suddenly...

BOOOOOM!!!

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...