Chapter 295: Fraud

Just while Vritra was busy taking the interview of a middle aged woman and monk Shitless was shouting his heart out, a weak voice sounded from the crowd.

"C- Can you help me too, G- God?"

The crowd parted and a small girl around ten or so years old nervously walked forward, she was wearing ragged clothes and was carrying a heavy bag full of vegetables.

Both her feet were shackled with heavy chains that connected all four of her limbs and neck, covered in dust and wounds, her appearance was quite dirty so all the people around her stepped back not to get dirty.

"And how do you want me to help you?" Vritra leaned forward slightly as he looked into the little girl’s eyes, this could be really nice start for his plan.

"I- I want..." the little girl looked quite frightened, as all the gazes focussed on her and it seemed she might start crying at any moment.

Seeing this, Vanessa, Fiona and Diana approached her as they passed through the crowd. Then vanessa picked her up and with a smile, she spoke: "Don’t be afraid, everything is fine."

Diana gently touched her cheek as the girl got covered by a faint white light, in the next moment all her wounds disappeared along with the dust.

"Tell us, what help you need." The goddess said, the words of the three women were very calming, the girl felt at ease and she finally gathered the courage to speak.

"I don’t want to be a s- slave anymore a- and my parents... can you help us, God?" the little girl spoke in a very desperate tone, her voice still cracking in pain and despair.

Vritra stood up and walked up to them, then looking straight at her he replied: "I will, but for that you just have to do one simple thing, okay?"

Without even knowing the girl nodded, she just wanted to be free and not get beaten without even a reason or watch her parents be beaten by those evil owners.

"Return to the house you live in, then point at the people who had enslaved you and say: Almighty Push. Can you do that?" Vritra spoke and everyone listening to it looked at Vritra strangely.

So it seemed he was just trying to make a fool of the little girl, of course a random guy calling himself God wouldn’t be able to go against the entire Slave Beast Gang, none of the people who had gathered here really believed anything that monk Shitless had said.

They were here for the money after all.

"Sigh All those big words and he already got the reality check, haha all those big words, I knew it was just bullshit, he is just a fraud-" one of the man spoke while shaking his head.

"Shhh... don’t you want to get those free 2 gold coins? Stay quiet but yeah he shouldn’t make a fool of that little girl with false hope." Another person said in a hushed tone.

Similar discussion were taking place among more than a thousand people, even the guards looked at Vritra as if he was some sort of scum, spouting non sense to get famous.

{Sin Point Gained: Taunted +1,574}

{Sin Point Gained: Belittled +1,529}

{Sin Point Gained: Hated +1,165}

...

Vritra smiled as he watched the speed of message flashing increase exponentially, the more he stimulated the emotions of people the more sin points he received.

"Yes I will!!" the little girl said with determination, as all the people looked at her with pity. She would most probably be beaten for doing something like that.

"Sigh Poor thing, if only I could put people like that in their place, the rich ones believe they could do whatever they want, I just want to bea-" a man spoke, but before he could speak a flying slipper struck his face.

"What did you just said? If you are so brave then why don’t try putting a fight against the Slave Beast Gang, huh? You wont be getting a single coin now." Monk Shitless said, fuming at the absurd comments.

Vritra ignored just them, whether they like him or hate him he would still keep getting sin points so he could ignore such comments.

He looked around and gestured at one of the frowning guard to coming closer, he too didn’t seem happy about Vritra fooling a little girl, but since he was a guest, the guard couldn’t ignore Vritra.

"Yes?" stopping in front of Vritra, the guard spoke, giving a ’what do you want now?’ kind of look.

"Can you bring her back to the place where her parents are through one of the rides?" Vritra asked, the frown on the guards face deepened, he wouldn’t want to get into useless trouble.

"Why should I-?" the guard started to speak but Vritra interrupted him as he handed over a small pouch containing a few gold coins and said:

"Just bring her there and you don’t have to do anything else, wait there for five minutes and then bring her back here."

"uh... Fine." The guard took the pouch and looked inside at the gold coins in joy, even in white kingdom, this number of gold coins was quite a lot.

The same currency worked all across the continent so Vritra could use all the money he had gathered before.

Under the gaze of the crowd, the guard brought the girl along with her and got into a ride which was similar to a car, and soon it disappeared from everyone’s sight.

CLAP

"Alright everyone, let’s get back to the interviews." Vritra said with a loud clap that brought all the attention back to him, although the people were unhappy but they still wanted the gold coins.

And so the interviews continued, whenever someone passed a nasty comment, a slipper would fly and hit right at the target. Vritra looked at Monk Shitless who was enjoying beating up people.

...

Around thirty more minutes had passed, the number of people was already more than two thousand.

The guards could no long let this sort of situation continue, but they were all just waiting for that one guard to return and see how Vritra react when the girl comes back with new wounds.

It wasn’t long before a ride stopped outside the castle, all the eyes drifted towards it. Then the guard got out of the ride along with the little girl, most of the people couldn’t see anything because of the crowd.

The guard picked the girl and hastily walked towards Vritra as the crowd made way for him, all the people that saw the expressions of the girl and the guard were shocked.

"Sir- God, i- it worked..." after arriving in front of Vritra the guard put the girl down and then spoke in a flabbergasted tone, as everyone became silent.

"Are you free now?" Vritra looked at the little girl with a smile and asked.

"Yes!! Thank you sob God, Zia is finally free sob my mommy and papa were sob so happy thank you." The girl started crying while speaking, but there was a big smile on her face.

Everyone looked at the guard and started asking questions.

"What happened exactly? Is she really free now? Just by pointing a finger at her owners and saying those words?"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...