Chapter 484: The Knight

Yasmine who was locked, sensed the familiar energy.

"A god’s energy?" It wasn’t from a demon god but the power in the attack was quite similar, she became even more restless.

Even with his current strength there was just no way for Vritra to survive such an attack.

She knew that these beings called Gods certainly weren’t the ones to create the world, but they were certainly the ones managing everything on the planet.

"Hubby..." She could only feel sad at their fate, after all that struggle, is that how they die?

But at least she was together with him, so facing a god’s attack wasn’t as terrifying this time around.

Vanessa had also died, or so she believed, so maybe it was fine.

All the Divine Kage members moved as far away as possible, of course they weren’t facing any sort of pressure.

Whereas Vritra was frozen in the air, unable to move away as the enormous finger descended towards him.

It had covered the entire sky and seemed as if the world was going to end.

Huddling together in a group, all the men watched as the god attacked.

"This is the first time I am seeing the God’s punishment, since the new divine would be killed, will I still be punished by the god?" Fifty wondered, but he had accepted his fate.

Dying for them wasn’t as bad after all, their souls could easily be resurrected, so they just change from one form to another.

The only loss is their strength, directly from fifty he would be dragged to number hundred.

Wherever the finger passed, the space cracked, the sky had become a mass of white light.

WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

It moved at extreme speed, travelling a vast distance within moments as it soon got closer to Vritra.

Trapped in his mindless state, Vritra could barely control his mind or body.

His body instinctively trembled, if he was struck then he would certainly be killed.

It was like a kid standing in front of the fastest moving train, trying to stop it from front at its fastest speed.

Of course he would be flattened.

Everyone on the planet felt that attack, changing the climate all over.

Going over the list of all his skills, there was just one which could deal very high damage.

The Nuclear Fist.

[Charge: 1967.34%]

Using all his might, Vritra urged himself to activate this skill, he wasn’t sure if it could face a god’s attack or not but there was no other choice.

GRRRAAAARRRRRRRRRRR!!

Letting out a roar towards the finger, he pulled his arm back, his body trembling under the pressure.

[Nuclear Fist Activated!!]

[Used: 1967.34% Charged!]

Suddenly, Vritra’s right arm glowed with a blinding light, colour changing from white to yellow then red and finally black.

A vast mass of energy surrounded it, making his veins bulge.

The space trembled, faint lines spreading around him.

Its power rising rapidly.

From the distance, the group of thirty nine sensed the energy swirling around Vritra, their eyes widening in bafflement.

How could someone possess that sort of destructive energy.

Just how could Vritra have grown this much in such a short time.

There was the god’s punishment on one side, and on the other side a Nuclear Fist.

The world seemed to distort between them even before the two attacks had met.

Vritra’s body would certainly have been torn to shreds while handling that much energy had it not been for his physique.

One side of the world was completely white while the other black.

RRRAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!

Swinging forward with all his might, Vritra punched towards the finger that was over a few hundred meters above his head.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMM!!

Instantly, Vritra’s body got blown into the ground, creating an extremely large hole just because of the recoil.

An enormous fist twisted, carrying death, it charged towards the blinding finger.

Even before the two attacks had collided, the surroundings were in disarray.

The bodies of the white clothed men were getting blown back, each of them shocked.

Just as the finger and fist collided, it seemed the world had gone silent. No one could see or hear anything.

The space was trembling violently, as if it might collapse at any moment.

And finally, chaos and destruction swallowed everything as the two energies collided.

For a few moments, the attacks just paused, unable to move back or forth.

Then the finger began to push down while extremely big explosions kept taking place.

Vritra couldn’t move one bit, there was immense pressure on his body, making him feel so much pain in a long time.

But the men in white were in even worse conditions, just by the shocks of those two attacks clashing, their bodies were getting destroyed.

They too couldn’t move.

’K- Knight...’ Vritra had a better grasp of his mind now, as he called out.

The shadowy figure understood its master’s order as it flew towards the group of men.

Its body was in a shadow-like form, unaffected by the pressure of the destructive energy in the space.

Reaching the group, it swung its sword around with urgency, the enormous blade was glowing with different colours.

It was covered with Vritra’s energy, making it extremely sharp.

While the men were unable to move, the dark knight slashed at their bodies horizontally exactly once.

And one by one, Knight chopped all of them into two, though cutting Fifty was a little difficult.

As the two attacks continued to rage on, swallowing everything, dark knight finished cutting them all.

The space was filled with mixture of the extreme destructive energies, making it impossible for any of them to defend, run or even scream.

Dark knight opened its mouth wide and swallowed all the souls, but instead of absorbing them, it kept the souls for now.

There was another purpose behind his attack.

...

In the distance, Yennefer who was rushing towards the continent was shocked as the colour of space around her changed.

Then she saw the two enormous attacks, even from so far away, just aftershocks resulted in her speed decreasing.

"What sort of fight husband is involved in? W- Was that attack actually launched by him?" she muttered in shock, and then increased her speed.

Although the dark fist seemed extremely deadly, the god’s punishment still seemed to have an edge over it.

Just like in that abandoned city, she felt so powerless, unable to help him when he is facing such danger.

Still she didn’t stop, continuing forward, ready to die with him if she has to.

...

After devouring the souls, dark knight covered the seventy eight pieces of flesh with its shadow and flew back towards Vritra.

The blurry dark shadow appeared before him, stretching its arm, Knight touched his shoulder.

Then Nihilanima burst forward, wrapping around dark knight before covering the corpses.

Vritra had to expend a vast amount of energy, after the task was done, Nihilanima weakly returned and began to rest.

Done with this task, dark knight transformed back into a shadow and flew higher towards the two attacks, despite the danger.

After getting close enough to the gigantic destructive fist, dark knight’s body started to wither.

Without wasting a moment, Knight threw all the corpses high into the sky, as they disappeared into the mass of energies.

Finally dark knight disappeared, returning to Vritra.

Enduring the pain, Vritra called out in his mind:

’Explode...’

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...