Chapter 86: A special Game

Vritra’s smile widened. It was so easy to manipulate the idiots. The situation had played out just as he wanted. He glanced back at Fiona, who looked a bit frightened. She knew how clever and strong Vritra was, and she understood a bit that Max had just fallen into his trap.

Seeing his devil-like smile, she was even more sure of her thoughts. She walked towards him, wanting to sway Max not to fight against Vritra. She didn’t want the person she loved to be beaten like shit in front of everyone and then even lose his arm.

"Max, you shouldn’t fight him, he is—" she spoke, but Max instead got mad over her concerns and interrupted her.

"Why? Are you worried about him? Since he is your prince charming, saving the princess from danger every time?" he asked. He hated the memory where he saw her in Vritra’s arms. Poor Max didn’t know what was about to come.

"N- No, that wasn’t what I meant. I am just worried about you," Fiona said. She felt bad from his piercing words.

"OH, so you believe I am weaker than this bastard? Is that why you are always landing in his arms?" Max spoke, getting even angrier. He now understood that she felt Vritra is an even bigger bad boy than him, so she might be getting interested in him now.

"I... I didn’t mean that..." Fiona was at a loss for words. She wanted to persuade him not to fight, but Max just wouldn’t listen to her. Why had he changed so much?

"If you two want to fight, you can do so in the training area of the castle. If you don’t want to, then say so right now and not waste our time," a guard said. He had seen guys like that many times who would chicken out later on.

"Let’s go. We are betting our right arms in this fight," Max said with a menacing grin as he glared at Vritra, then looked at Fiona before turning around and walking away along with the guards, towards the castle.

"..." Vritra planned to break Max. He wanted Max to suffer knowing the girl he loved so much was being intimate with someone else. But first, he needed to change Fiona.

He too began to follow behind the guards, but Fiona pulled his arm and looked at him angrily.

"Just what are you planning on doing?"

"What do you mean? I am going to fight Max and beat him so badly, then he would be alive but also be dead more than the dead itself." Vritra smiled and shrugged his shoulder.

"You— Stop that challenge right now! I know you are very strong... just don’t hurt Max," Fiona said, gritting her teeth.

"Why shouldn’t I? Just watch and enjoy the show as I break him apart like a broken puppet." Vritra said, his smile looking increasingly devilish.

"..." Fiona felt so frustrated, angry, and helpless. She knew she couldn’t threaten Vritra to stop, so she did what she could do for now... she pleaded.

"P- Please don’t hurt him. I know he has been quite disrespectful towards you after arriving in this universe, but p- please, for my sake."

"... Huh? What relation do we have that I end the challenge? If you want to, then at least offer something of importance." Vritra said, pulling his arm away from her grip.

She gritted her teeth and asked in a low voice: "What is it exactly that you want?"

"Hmm. If you promise to play a special game with me, then I will bring the match to a draw." Vritra said, his smile softening.

"What kind of game exactly?" she asked, now feeling a bit nervous.

"Nothing much, a simple, small, and ecchi game. Of course, we will play only if you want. I don’t want to force you into playing it or anything, so choose." Vritra said, standing there and waiting patiently.

"..." At first, Fiona instantly wanted to reject him, but this rejection meant Max would be beaten like a dog. She found it hard to make a decision.

"Hah. I guess you don’t love Max as much as I thought. Well, I understand—it’s not like he loves you or anything." Vritra sighed and got ready to leave.

"No wait, I do love him a lot and he... he loves me too, I believe." Fiona said, though she no longer was 100% sure now. Then she added: "Fine, I will do whatever you want, just don’t hurt him."

Vritra smiled and nodded: "Good. Make sure you follow through on your promise."

Then he walked away. Fiona stood there for a while. She felt guilt and shame crawling inside her. She knew what making that promise meant—she would be willingly betraying Max, but to save him, she had no choice but to do this.

"Sigh, I am sorry, Max. But why did you have to challenge Vritra? No matter what happens in that game, I will still love you." Fiona mumbled, as she too followed behind Vritra.

Soon everyone arrived in the training area. Along the way, more guards joined the group as they prepared for the fight. By the time Vritra and Max stood opposite each other, nearly a hundred guards had gathered.

Vritra was naturally receiving sin points, but they wouldn’t give him too many points, so he didn’t try that hard.

{Sin Point Gained: Observed +121}

Fiona stood there nervously, and soon the fight began.

"Get ready, I am going to beat you up so bad, you janitor." Max shouted as he charged forward as electricity buzzed around his body.

{Sin Point Gained: Provoked +1}

The fight was going to be ten minutes long. If no one is defeated in that time, then the result would be a draw.

Max threw one punch after another, sending strong bolts of lightning coursing through the air directly hitting Vritra’s body, but none of it had even the slightest effect on him.

"Is that all you have got? Tsk. How pitiful, so weak..." Vritra shook his head, as he didn’t even make a move to dodge and allowed the electric bolts to hit him as if he was just fighting a kid.

...

Ten minutes passed, and Max was sweating heavily and panting like a dead-tired dog. He wasn’t able to inflict even a tiny wound on Vritra’s body, but since the time had ended, the match was over.

"It is a draw. Now everyone, get back to your work." The guard in charge of the battle said. The match was far from interesting. It was obvious Vritra had completely bullied and humiliated Max.

"Good job. I didn’t know you were so strong. Keep working hard, electro boy." Vritra chuckled as he patted Max’s shoulder and walked away.

He stopped beside Fiona and said: "Be ready. I will tell you when we are going to play the game."

Then he left.

Fiona worriedly stepped forward and asked: "Max, are you fine?"

"..." Max was feeling so angry. He had become a joker in everyone’s eyes—especially Fiona. He glanced at her and saw a bite mark on her neck.

’What is that? I- is that a kiss mark? No way... yeah, it must be a mosquito bite or something.’ Max shook his head and walked away. He didn’t want to face her right now.

’How pitiful do I look in her eyes?’

____________

Thanks for reading...