Chapter 373: Raelion

Two days had passed since Yennefer met Vritra in the palace.

After the meeting of the six seats, she hadn’t found exactly what Oracle’s plan was.

She planned to move away from Ghazi City along with Vritra for the time being.

Even at her strength, she wasn’t confident to face all the people who were after Vritra currently.

But she didn’t know where exactly he had gone.

Just while she was searching for him, the empress received a message from the people of her family who were working for her.

"We have located the demon lord; she is badly injured and poisoned. We are currently chasing her," said the voice in the message.

Yennefer instantly dropped all her other tasks and headed towards them, a dangerous aura swirling around her body.

She hates all demons to the core, and this female demon lord even more, since she stole something very important, and she has been chasing her for so long yet that damned demon always slipped away.

"I won’t let you escape this time; you are going to die," Yennefer muttered. She was quite frustrated at her failure to catch her.

Shooting through the sky at full speed, it wasn’t long before she met up with the group of humans who were chasing after the gravely injured demon lord.

Running through the sky in front of the group was a Demon Queen in a red dress.

Her body was covered with blood; she had changed her appearance to that of an ordinary human.

Her pale skin was turning blue because of the poison, energy depleting rapidly, and before long her body would be completely paralyzed.

"What proud creatures, using sneak attacks and poison against an already injured demon," the demon Queen said in a mocking tone, barely avoiding the attacks.

"As if you pests need fair treatment. What’s wrong with killing you with your method?" one of the men said, grinning wildly.

This was Maeve Hale, one of the strongest Demon lords who had directly barged into Yennefer’s family house and stole one of their treasures.

Upon seeing Yennefer join the group, her heart sank, and the chances of her escape had reduced infinitely.

For so long now, she had been running all over the place just to escape from them, but despite using up all her abilities and tricks, she just couldn’t escape.

And now her body was so badly injured, especially the poison that, although won’t kill her in a short time, was making her body slower and slower.

Coughing out blood, Maeve pinched the air and left behind a cloud of greyish fog that barely proved to be a hindrance for her pursuers.

"..." Yennefer didn’t really care if the others had used any sneak attacks. When dealing with demons, what matters is that they should be killed at any cost.

BOOOOOM

Maeve’s body was blasted forward as Yennefer’s attack landed on her back.

Her already bad condition worsened as her vision began to darken and her strength weakened greatly.

Even her disguise began to slowly shatter, and her speed slowed down.

"Finally!!" Yennefer pushed her speed to the limit, aiming to destroy her head in a single strike.

The group of men rushing behind her had gloating expressions on their faces. It had been nearly a month since they had been running all over the place just to catch her.

The one who had inflicted the deadly poison on Maeve was already thinking what sort of reward he was going to get from the empress.

Using the last bit of her energy, Maeve brought both her hands close, forming strange patterns and then pulling them apart.

Instantly, a large domain made of beautiful but black flowers and deadly thorns circled around the group. It made all the men freeze in the air for a few seconds.

Yennefer might have been slightly affected had the demon Queen not been at the end of her rope. Gently slashing at the air with her hand, she cut the spherical domain in two.

Maeve only succeeded in creating a distance of a few meters in this duration, and the group caught up with her within moments.

’Tsk, I didn’t want to use this.’ Maeve was backed into the corner and was left with no other choice but to call for her asshole of a brother.

Just as several of the attacks were about to strike her body, a glyph appeared in her hand and, with a light squeeze, it shattered into countless pieces.

’I have to kill her now!’ Yennefer was determined to finish her off and take back her treasure. Ripples ran through the air and even the space quivered ever so slightly, as she gathered a vast amount of mana into her fists.

With this strike, Yennefer was sure that Maeve’s body would be torn to pieces.

But just then a voice rang out in front of the empress.

"Hello Dear, did you miss me?"

The attack that she had just sent hurtling towards Maeve was blocked as a black wall appeared in front of the group.

Then another demon lord appeared in front of them.

With two round horns on his head and greyish skin, he was over six feet tall and looked quite handsome—or so his mother used to say.

"Well, no hard feelings, I do love you but haa this time I will have to stop you, although half—but she is my sister and I do need to help her out in return of a promise. So why don’t we have a nice long chat?"

The demon named Raelion bowed, trying to look like a gentleman as he spoke.

Seeing him, Yennefer’s anger only flared up. She hates all demons but Raelion is definitely at the top of her list.

Knowing that the two were almost equally matched in strength, Yennefer didn’t attack immediately and allowed her group to chase after Maeve.

Raelion made no move; it wasn’t like he cared about his sister or anything, he just needed to hold back Yennefer for a while and his part of the deal would be complete.

"When did you get out of that gutter?" Frowning, Yennefer was ready to attack, wishing to kill the sibling right here and now.

"Aww, were you waiting for me? Those bastards trapped me in that... well gutter haha. You know how much I missed you? How about you give me a hug?"

Spreading his arms, he took a step towards Yennefer.

Only to be blasted away in the next moment. The empress looked at him with disgust, feeling frustrated that she couldn’t kill him.

At least, the others from her group were still chasing after Maeve and soon she would be captured.

Ever since seeing Yennefer several decades ago, like many men, Raelion was head over heels for her. The more disgust and hate she showed, the more determined he became to get her.

"Don’t you worry, I will get you away from that shitty emperor." Raelion said, but he knew there was no way he could defeat the human emperor.

"You are too late, I already have a man." Seeing Maeve and the group fly away, she stopped attacking and said with a smile full of rage.

Raelion didn’t get angry, after all he knew that between Emperor and her, it was nothing more than a sort of arrangement.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...