Chapter 181: Euphoric Torture [R-18]

Diana felt her mind become messed up as his tongue rolled in her mouth. She tasted his saliva and, for some reason, relaxed; her tongue slowly began to respond to his movements as she began to entangle her tongue with his.

Their lips pressed against one another, completely sealing the battlefield of their tongues. After getting the first taste of his tongue and saliva, the goddess instantly began to crave more.

She wrapped her slender arms around his head and pulled him closer, her cheeks hollowed out as she began to suck and nibble on his tongue, gulping his saliva with delight.

Diana could feel his hard cock rubbing and pressing against her belly, spreading a burning hot sensation through her body, while she squeezed his legs between her soft thighs, pressing her wet pussy against his skin.

"Mmmm~ SLURP GULP Hmmm~ Uuuumm~" Diana moaned into his mouth, the tongue of the goddess moving from one mouth to another. Never in her dreams would she have imagined that she could be kissing a man so erotically.

She was a divine being, someone who shall never be tainted, and yet here she was, craving him as if her years-long thirst had finally been quenched by his mouth.

Their kiss continued for a few minutes as Diana soon got the hang of it and began to kiss him back just as passionately. They rolled over the bed as she got on top of him.

The goddess began to devour his mouth like a hungry wolf. The open atmosphere and cold air against her skin gave her a forbidden feeling, as if she were doing something taboo.

A goddess getting intimate with a human—but only if she knew that the person she was embracing so tightly was an actual demon, not just a demon of her imagination.

Both of them seemed to be doing something never heard of before, but right now Diana couldn’t care less about any of it—or even the fact that they were out in the open. All she wanted was his taste.

Even after a few more minutes, the hungry goddess didn’t seem satisfied. Their saliva made a mess in both of their mouths, and their lips and tongues felt a bit numb from all the rubbing and sucking.

Vritra rolled over once again as he got on top of her. Then he separated his lips from hers and pulled his tongue out of the goddess’s holy mouth, though it was such a warm and sweet place that Vritra wouldn’t mind staying even longer.

But they couldn’t stay out too long. Vritra was mainly doing this to make Diana get used to such thrill and corrupt her thoughts, though he was enjoying it all as well.

After their lips parted, he kissed her cheek, then moved to her chin before finally coming to her neck. He sucked her sweet skin and bit all over, licking over the smooth skin with his tongue and leaving dark kiss marks.

Slowly, he made his way down her body as he began to lick her chest. Kissing the cleavage area, Vritra kept one of his hands over her sensitive ass while he started kneading her boob with the other.

He licked the delicious skin of her boob, his tongue moving around the areola of her left mound as he bit and pulled the soft flesh into his mouth, sucking hard on it as Diana let out loud moans.

She herself was surprised upon hearing such sultry moans. The proud goddess was making such sounds—if people were to know it, what would everyone think of her?

Vritra kissed all over her milky breasts before he began to circle her areola teasingly with the tip of his tongue. Diana hugged his head and moaned erotically. This pleasure was unlike anything she had ever experienced.

After poking her areola and teasing it for a few seconds, he gave a hard lick to her nipple, which had already turned stiff from all the pinching earlier. In the next moment, Vritra opened his mouth wide and took a large bite of her breast, stuffing her nipple into his mouth.

An electric shock ran through her body as his tongue rubbed against the pink bud, poking at the tip and squeezing it. He bit lightly and nibbled on the nipple. There was just a tiny bit of pain but extreme pleasure as Vritra chewed over her nipple; she wanted him to do it even harder.

Unknowingly, she seemed to be developing a fetish—something like an ’M’ but on a lower scale.

For now, she seemed to be enjoying his rough treatment. The goddess wanted to ask him to bite her nipples harder, but each time he squeezed the sweet candy between his teeth, she gasped in euphoria.

Vritra continued to torture both of her nipples for a couple dozen minutes, biting them, then soothing them with his light sucks and the gentle caress of his tongue.

Soon, both of her nipples were swollen and red and had become extremely sensitive; just the slightest touch of his tongue almost made her pass out.

With a pop sound, both of her nipples popped out of his mouth as Vritra gave them a final lick, making the pure goddess release a thunderous moan.

Even though there was no one around, doing it in the open still gave her a fear that someone might come, and the situation became even more exciting.

Vritra’s mouth moved over her belly. Unlike how he treated his mother and Fiona with gentleness, Vritra was a bit rough with Diana, and the rougher he got, the more she seemed to love it.

Holding her waist tightly, Vritra licked her smooth skin and sucked her buttery flesh into his mouth and savoured the sweet taste. She really was even more delicious than Vritra had thought.

He bit her skin with his lips, kissing all over her belly while licking her skin. Then he began to tease her shivering belly button with his tongue and bit her skin, leaving behind the mark of his teeth.

Wherever Vritra touched seemed to become an erogenous zone on her body. Her ass, nipples, and now even her bellybutton made her feel incredibly good as it got teased by his tongue and light bites.

After teasing the deep and round hole for a couple of minutes, Vritra moved further down as he began to squeeze her thighs hard, pinching her milky skin and soft flesh.

Placing his head between her legs, Vritra placed her thighs over his shoulders and turned his head to the right, giving soft kisses over her supple thigh.

"Ahnnnnn~ Hnnggggg~ Mmmmm~ Ooooooh~" Diana couldn’t say a single word and could only continue to moan under his soft and harsh treatment. She gazed at the surroundings through her barely opened eyes and was once again reminded that they were doing all these shameful acts in the middle of nowhere.

After biting and tasting her thighs, Vritra finally turned his gaze to her pussy that was drenched in her love juice. Whenever he treated her body roughly, her soft petals would tremble and her cave seemed to clench.

Diana felt his piercing gaze on her pussy and her thighs unconsciously clenched around his head, pressing against his cheek and ears.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...