Chapter 679 My Love~

Warm breath tickled his ear as Vritra's eyes fluttered. A comfortable warmth and softness pressed against him.

An intoxicating fragrance calmed his senses, but this scent didn't belong to any of his wives.

'Where am I? Did the ascension succeed? Why did I even decide to do that?' Vritra's mind felt drowsy, then a honey-like voice sounded right beside his ear.

Tender moist lips brushed against his skin.

"My love, open your eyes. It is me, your Evelyn!"

Vritra felt like he was in a dream, and merging with the last evolution, he had been quite exhausted.

So, it felt nice to rest, and there was no way any other woman would get close to him with his wives around.

It must be a dream, but even in his dreams, why was there someone unknown?

Her eyes, full of love and madness, stared at his face.

After waiting for so many years, she could finally have him for herself, her man.

"Sigh… you really made me wait a long time. You'd better be ready for your punishment," she murmured, lightly biting his earlobe.

Vritra's eyes trembled slightly, but he didn't wake up.

He couldn't even sense her presence.

"Hehe. Do I need to wake you up with a kiss just like before? Hmm. Technically, it should be our first kiss…" she mumbled, pulling back a little.

Then her soft palms pressed against his cheeks as she held his face gently, despite the fiery emotions in her heart.

Her heart thumped wildly, feeling as if her body was on fire.

She had dreamed of this moment infinite times, to hold him close, to again become his wife.

Finally, it was all coming true…

Closing her eyes, she gently pressed her tender pink lips against his, feeling as if her body was melting into his.

"Mhmm." Pressing her lips harder, she rubbed them against Vritra's.

Vritra too felt the warm and soft sensation of someone's lips moving over his own.

At first, he felt the dream was becoming too real, as if someone was actually kissing him.

Then he thought maybe one of his wives was kissing him, his arms wrapping around her soft waist.

Evelyn moaned, feeling his strong arms wrap around her, her mind and heart overflowing with love.

'Mine, you are all mine!!'

He caught her lower lip between his lips, and as his eyes opened slowly, he really couldn't tell which of his wives was kissing him.

His unfocused eyes saw a face so close to him as she suddenly bit onto his lip before sucking it lightly.

Vritra was suddenly pulled back to his senses when he noticed the blonde hair.

From her waist, his hand moved to her shoulder as he pushed her.

Evelyn was happy that he was awake. She longed to hear him call her name with that love-filled voice.

She didn't let go of his lips instantly. Her teeth sank a bit into his lip, drawing a few drops of blood.

Her tongue softly licked his lips as she tasted his blood, giving it a gentle suck.

He felt a faint stinging pain over his lip, but it healed instantly.

"Mmmm~" Finally, she pulled back, an expression of euphoria on her face.

"My love, you are finally awake. Haa, you taste much more wonderful than in my memories," Evelyn spoke, licking her lips, tasting his blood and saliva.

"Huh? Who are y- Where am I? What is going on?!!" Vritra was completely baffled.

His gaze locked onto the face of the blonde woman before him, her beauty surprising him for a moment.

Long blonde hair, purple eyes, a face no less beautiful than Teresa's, and such a hot, juicy body.

It was as if this woman was created especially to seduce; she could easily drive men to madness.

But her beauty or hotness was the last thing on Vritra's mind. Why was this woman kissing him?

She was even sitting over his abdomen, looking at him with such a fiery gaze. From the look in her eyes, she seemed completely crazy.

"I am Evelyn Arclis, from the Vespera family, wife of Vritra Arclis," she spoke, her lips curling into a dazzling smile.

"…" Vritra stared at her in a daze. Was he missing some context here?

Did the Infinite Evolution Ascension Path make him go crazy or bring along this crazy… baddie?

"Wait, lady, I am a married man who is soon going to be a father. I think you made some mistake," Vritra said as he tried to sit up and push her off.

But his words brought a shift in her expression. She looked sad and resentful.

"You promised to give me your first child, but you went ahead and got another woman pregnant.

Sigh… looks like I need to drain you completely so you can't think about anyone else," she said in a possessive tone.

"Are you okay? What are you even saying?" Vritra frowned. What sort of psycho had he gotten himself involved with this time?

He thought about the past, wondering if he had jinxed it at some point.

'Hmm, I think I did say something when I was being forced to marry Teresa…'

It was something along the lines of being forced into an arranged marriage, then next getting kidnapped and forced into another one.

'No way, right? Right?' A frown appeared on his face. Strangely, he couldn't push off this delicate-looking woman.

He felt a bit annoyed. Her scent and taste lingered on his lips, but he couldn't do anything.

Why did he always end up in such situations? It was Yennefer before. He had to be careful now.

"I am more than fine and very, very happy to meet you, my love. Are you ready to be locked here with me for an eternity?" she asked, her voice taking on a psychotic tone.

"What?!!"

There was no way he would stay here forever. Leaving his family, he would rather die fighting.

"Hahaha. Don't be so tense, my love, I am joking. Haa, I just wanted to say hello this time. There is still time for us to meet properly. Wait for me…" she whispered.

Then a crazy, yandere-like smile appeared on her face.

"But since I have come, let me have a bite of you." As her lips parted, fangs grew in her mouth.

'V- Vampire?' Vritra was even more surprised, but in the next moment, she leaned against him.

Her soft heavy chest pressed against his, her fingers intertwining with his as she held onto him tightly.

Evelyn's parted lips pressed against his neck. She sucked his skin hard enough to leave a mark.

Then she bit into his skin, drawing a wave of his blood flooding into her mouth.

"Mmmmm~ Slup… Mhmm~"

GULP GULP.

Evelyn hummed while sucking hard, her soul almost reaching heaven as she tasted her husband's blood.

Her tongue swam in the warm blood, licking his skin as she gulped it with pleasure.

'So tasty! Mine, it is all mine. He is all mine. All of him is mine!!'

She hugged Vritra so tightly that he couldn't even move his arms.

At first he felt the sting of her teeth, but then it actually started to feel quite nice. It was a strange feeling, but not unpleasant.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios