Chapter 591 The Great Change

It was a grand day in the Ford realm, the entire realm was decorated especially well.

At least ten or even twenty times better than at Teresa's wedding, previously they were rushed but this time they spent money like anything.

Not to mention, the Ford realm has grown recently, they even swallowed two of the strongest families.

Although Teresa's absence would be troublesome, they still had quite a few treasures she had left behind, so they were still doing great.

Despite the current weather, dozens upon dozens of people were constantly entering the realm, all of them awed by the decorations.

Already thousands of people had gathered, fully aware that this wedding was going to be anything but ordinary.

Many especially came knowing how interesting the previous marriage of the Ford family was.

And even more people came because of Teresa, aware that she would definitely be here.

All the members of the Ford family were busy, Sir Giant planned to make the last attempt to try to get Teresa back.

He now felt that even letting Vritra meet her might have been a mistake, but he was also torn, since she seemed happy with him so he didn't want to separate the two.

He just hoped the two would start living there.

The Golden Moon also arrived there, the six seats and a lot of other members were present.

Somehow the feared leader, Oracle, seemed to have a cough and for some reason he was walking a bit strangely.

But still he acted as if no one around was higher than him.

Almost all other organizations were there, even many dark organizations, some hidden and a few even openly, who maintained a false good image.

All the people were gathered in a large open area, but a layer of invisible barrier stopped the snow and spores above, making it look even more beautiful.

But the main characters of today's event were yet to arrive, not the bride and groom but some others.

Back in the House of Darkness, Vritra dressed up in a black outfit which looked quite good on him.

He was going to meet his in-laws so obviously he needed to look good.

Right now he stood in front of Maeve's room, wondering if her evolution would finish in time.

They were about to head out but the demoness was still inside, despite the difference in time, this process was taking quite a lot of time.

After a moment, he decided to contact her mentally.

After a few tries, he was able to telepathically talk to her.

'Foxie, will you be out anytime soon? It is already time, we will be heading to the marriage soon.' Vritra spoke, and soon a disappointed voice sounded in his mind.

"Master, it seems this will take some more time, I… can't go with you." Maeve spoke, she really wanted to go and kill many with her own hands.

'Oh, it's alright, just focus on your evolution, that is more important.' he said, after all Oracle and the others held no importance in their lives.

And after today they would cease to exist.

"Hm, master, beat them extra for me, and record it all, I will see it later." Maeve said.

'Alright, we will be back soon.' Vritra talked with her a bit more and finally walked to the other room.

Then he saw his other wives, all of them were dressed up in winter clothes, which perfectly hid their curves but they all still looked exceptionally beautiful.

His gaze moved from Fiona, Diana, Vanessa, Teresa and finally landed on Yasmine.

"You all look wonderful, makes me want to just cancel the other plan." He spoke with a smile, as the five women stood up and walked towards him.

"That won't do, we have to butcher a few pigs, can't let them enjoy life any longer." Yasmine said, straightening Vritra's clothes gently and caressing his chest.

"Should I…?" Teresa looked at Vritra, holding the veil in her hand.

"It's alright, you don't have to wear that. I will use illusion to stop anyone from seeing you, or Diana can also do that." Vritra said, his gaze turning to the goddess.

Diana too had obtained a halo; though it was a lot weaker than a mythic halo, by now it had grown quite a bit too.

She could easily handle such a simple thing.

"Yeah, I can, leave that to me dear." Diana spoke.

"Honey, let's go." Vanessa smiled, she too was going to slaughter the ones who hurt her son.

Although no one from the Yate family was going, Gunter had arranged a couple of vehicles for them, one was for Vritra and the women with him.

And the other carried gifts, Onest and Shitless.

And so, together they headed towards the venue.

The mood in the car was actually quite good, except for Yennefer still trapped, nothing else was wrong, everything seemed to be going perfectly.

After finding Jack, one more problem would be solved as well.

But from all the news, he had just disappeared and wasn't seen again.

Vritra couldn't find him at all, and could only wait.

Maybe having that werewolf guy around wouldn't have been bad, but he was already dead so there was no point thinking.

The two vehicles quickly flew through the heavy snowfall, but were protected by barriers, not getting affected at all.

Before long, they heard the music even a couple of kilometres away, and could see the bright lights which illuminated the entrance of the Ford realm.

'They have really gone all out.' Vritra thought and looked to the side at Teresa, who showed no emotion on her face.

It seemed matters related to the Ford family no longer affected her, Vritra was glad about that but for her sake, he decided not to kill them.

As the vehicles flew towards the entrance, they lowered towards the ground and the snow under them cleared a bit.

Just then, a dragonfly dying amidst the snowfall tiredly moved down towards the ground.

Then it landed over the snow, seeming quite close to its death; quite a lot of insects and animals had died in such weather.

But just then, a parasitic plant closed its mouth around the insect, it too was barely alive.

The dragonfly struggled to escape but had no strength and soon became still, getting even closer to death.

In the silence, tiny spores continued to fall, covering all of the ground.

Just then an invisible wave swept through the whole planet rapidly, it was invisible and couldn't be sensed, even Vritra didn't feel anything as the invisible wave passed through.

The tiny spores began to evolve in strange forms.

Several spores were already over and inside the plant.

Suddenly, the parasitic plant buzzed and then its mouth was forced open as hundreds of mutated small dragonflies suddenly rushed out.

After moving into the sky, all the dragonflies were pulled back into one large insect before shooting into the distance.

The parasitic plant on the ground also buzzed and twisted, its size increasing and vines spreading around, it suddenly was filled with intense life force.

Instantly the place was filled with ear-piercing screeches and screams of countless creatures.

A great change started to occur all over the planet, which was going to affect all living creatures.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading