Chapter 23: Holy-food

First of all, Vritra had to find a way to strengthen the Nihil-Anima for the purpose of strengthening his soul wraiths. This seemed to be its current limit. Although after finding a host it had already started to heal, the speed wasn't too fast, so Vritra had many things he needed to do currently.

Even making his Axe of Chaos stronger also needed him to return to the labyrinth. Another extremely important matter was getting the Dragon's bloodline and physique— it'd definitely bring him many benefits.

And all of it depended on whether his first plan could succeed.

While talking with Yasmine in his mind, Vritra walked into his mother's room, but she wasn't there at the moment, so he began to look around. Soon he noticed several books on a shelf.

His own room was rather simple. It seemed even here they were being treated based on their abilities. Now that he looked carefully, this room seemed much better in every aspect— even the mattress was much softer.

'So Mom really received a better ability? I wonder what her ability is though. Is it really related to food?' Vritra wondered.

But he didn't care much about it for now. If his mother wasn't telling him about it, then there must be a reason behind it. Although he was a little curious, he knew when it was necessary, she would tell him on her own.

Walking towards the shelf, he pulled out a book with the title: Ancient Language and began to read. His understanding capabilities had always been abnormally great for some reason.

...

The door opened, and Vanessa walked in while carrying a plate full of food and a glass of milk. After entering, she saw that Vritra was reading a book.

"Let's eat. I cooked the dishes you like, healthy and delicious," she said with a big smile. It had been a long time since she cooked food for him.

Vritra put the book back on the shelf and walked to sit on a chair. Vanessa placed the plate and glass on the table in front of him.

"Hmm, it smells delicious." He sniffed the food and felt as if his soul was being cleansed. After eating bitter demon meat for months, just the smell of this food was enough to make his mouth water.

"Go ahead and taste it." Vanessa smiled. She stood by his side and waited for him to taste it, but hidden from her son, there was a nervous glint in her eyes. She hoped he didn't find out that something was strange with his food.

Vritra first silently looked at all the dishes, making his mother even more restless and nervous. In the dishes there was vegetable stew, rice, a strange looking but delicious-looking loaf of bread that probably was unique to this world, and at last, some kind of soup.

Then there was a glass of warm milk.

Thankfully, she hadn't added any meat. That was the last thing Vritra wanted to eat for now— literally.

Yes, there was no way he would be full with such a small meal— it was just for taste. But at the end of the meal, he could only rely on his stash of demon meat. Even if he didn't want to admit it, his body had started to crave that.

Both the sight and smell were just superb. Vritra was almost bewitched by the food. He knew that his mother's cooking was delicious, but this food seemed to be on an even higher level.

Not able to hold back any longer, he picked up the spoon and filled it with rice. He brought it close to his lips but paused before it could enter his mouth. Then he raised his eyes and looked at his mother.

Vanessa was extremely flustered at this moment, but with years of experience handling tense situations, she maintained a calm expression while her mind was about to explode.

'D- Don't tell me he somehow found what I added in the food.'

"Mom, aren't you going to eat?" Vritra asked.

"Oh— yes, I will. Check the food first and tell me how it tastes. It's been so long since I made something," Vanessa quickly answered. She was a very smart lady. Even Vritra couldn't catch any fluctuations in her emotions. Plus, he wasn't on guard against her.

"I see. Then I will try it." Vritra smiled and nodded. He wasted no time and filled his mouth with the rice. As he chewed, his eyes widened as his taste buds exploded.

Without giving any review yet, Vritra tasted all the things on the plate with eagerness. This was definitely the most delicious food he had ever eaten in his life, in all honesty.

As Vanessa watched him eat the food where she had added a special liquid, even she couldn't hide her emotions anymore. Her face turned bright red like a tomato. She hastily turned and for some reason began to rub the wall with her shaky hand, trying to remove imaginary dust.

"Mmm Mom, it's perfect. When did your cooking get so good? This is the best—" Vritra's words suddenly halted, and he stared in shock at the messages that suddenly popped in front of him.

++++++++++++++++

[+EXP Earned.]

[+EXP Earned.]

++++++++++++++++

Vritra: "..."

These experience points definitely came from the food he had just swallowed. Although the amount was so small that it was negligible with his current strength, it still came as a shock.

That wasn't all. Vritra could even sense that although he wasn't using his Dust Manipulation skill, even that had gained a small amount of EXP, though it was very little.

Countless thoughts immediately ran through his mind.

'Oh right, she told me that the ability she received was related to food. So she was telling the truth? The food she makes can give EXP and even increase the skill's EXP? Hmm, no wonder she received such good treatment. Her skill is quite good— it's just that she is still at level 1.' Vritra pondered in silence for a few seconds. If her level was higher, then the EXP he received would certainly be much higher.

"Mom, so this is your ability? This food actually gave me experience points. So it is not only delicious but even increases strength..." Vritra praised Vanessa's food and skill, but the mother in question felt as if her face was burning. She felt so embarrassed and shameful.

Without turning back she spoke, "Yes, that is my ability, so eat as much as you can. In the future, when my level increases, you will be able to level up easily without any danger."

Vritra knew she was very worried about him. He could feel her love in the food. But what he didn't know was that the love was also very intimate and sultry.

Then he began to eat the food as messages kept popping in front of his eyes. Her ability was truly very special.

Yasmine: "..."

The dragon soul in his body observed the whole scene in silence. Without a doubt, with her senses nothing could be hidden from her eyes. She not only knew about Vanessa's bloodline and physique but even knew why this food was so special.

__________

Thanks for reading...