Chapter 642 Horror

Vritra and the general talked for a while, as he led them towards empty tents.

"You can stay here, tell me or any of the officers if you need anything." Peter spoke, with a friendly smile.

"Hmm. It seems this tent was being used not long ago, did you shift the residents?" Vritra glanced at the two big tents and spoke.

"Sigh. You know the condition here, there are always tragedies, how are we to get food otherwise?" the general replied.

Vritra had seen his fair share of movies and web series, and his senses were screaming that there was something wrong with this camp.

'Don't tell me, like in the movies they are performing cannibalism?' this thought made a frown appear on his face.

"Actually, if it's not a problem can I see your food supply, I can help you gather more food too." Vritra asked.

"Sure, why not, it's no big deal." Peter gestured for the group to follow him, and led them towards a warehouse.

"This here is nearly all the food we have, if nothing happens it should still last for a few months." Peter added.

'There is food here, so it's not a case of cannibalism.' Vritra thought, maybe he was just thinking too much.

"I see, thank you. On my way here I have found some food, I will give you its location later on." He spoke.

In any case, Vritra still was cautious.

They returned to their tents, both were quite spacious and had all the necessary stuff.

"Its not bad to see so many people, it almost feels like a world without apocalypse." Yasmine said as she sat down on the bed.

"You all must be feeling hungry, let's eat something." Vritra said, pulling out various things from his inventory.

All the others also had enough food in their inventories, but that was for emergency, in case they ended up separating.

"Foxie, come with me later in the night, I would like to check this place out." Vritra said, her ability made moving in night pretty easy.

As her strength was growing the shadow could do more than just hiding them.

"Okay master." Maeve nodded, drinking the warm soup.

The other survivors brought here by Vritra had also settled in nicely.

The sky was already turning dark by the time they finished eating, people started to return to their homes rather early.

Without electricity or internet, there wasn't much to do.

Of course, there was still electricity but very limited, since it was being generated by fuel, and fuel is limited.

Vritra and Maeve left the tent silently, their figures merging with the darkness perfectly.

They walked around the camp, finding patrolling soldiers, some people who were still out and talking.

Everything seemed pretty normal.

"Master, I think this place is fine, when do you plan to continue moving?" she asked.

"We will stay here one more day, there are a few things I need to get from here." Vritra said, thinking of the tight uniforms.

"Hehe. What are you planning, master~" Maeve asked in a playful tone before pausing abruptly, feeling as if she had said this before.

"What's wrong?" Vritra turned to face her, looking at her with worry.

"I…" doubt flashed through Maeve's eyes as the white chain on her wrist glowed for a moment.

"It's nothing master, do you want to continue or should we return now?" Maeve asked as she shook her head, smiling sweetly.

"Yeah let's go home, I am feeling a bit tired." He muttered, yawning.

THUD THUD

As they started walking, the two heard banging noises from not far away.

After a moment, they decided to go and check.

THUD

As they neared the wall, their eyes widened in shock.

A woman in her late thirties was striking her bloodied head against the wall again and again, a big red mark forming there.

Maeve moved and pulled her arm, looking at the woman with a questioning gaze, her forehead had a big wound.

"What are you doing?" She asked.

Despite the blood covering her face, Vritra recognized her as one of the women who had arrived here together with them.

The woman trembled as Maeve spoke, her eyes full of tears, though for a moment she seemed confused.

"I- I don't want to live SOB my husband died out there… I SOB" she started crying instantly, appearing pitiful.

Vritra's frown deepened, with his high spiritual value, if he saw something once he wouldn't forget it.

That's why he remembered each and every person in the group he met earlier today.

And this woman was clearly with a ten or so year old boy, there was also a man with her.

"Wasn't your husband with you earlier and even your kid?" Vritra asked, but the woman just kept crying.

A group of guards attracted by the sound arrived there, they looked quizzically.

They were no longer covered by the shadows so the guards could see them clearly.

Maeve explained the situation.

"Haa. Such situations have happened many times, some people just can't bear the loss of their loved ones and decide to end their lives.

But miss, you have to live for your son, you can't expect others to take care of him, right?" the soldier said sternly.

Then he faced Vritra and Maeve: "Don't worry, I will bring her back to her tent safely, and we will make sure she doesn't try this again."

"…" Vritra just nodded, but the feeling of unease increased in his heart.

The guards walked away, taking the woman along, leaving the two of them.

"Master, let's go back, I too feel this place is weird." Maeve said, pulling his arm, she wanted to get out of the settlement asap.

Vritra nodded, he looked at the blood stain on the wall then at the sky, where a round moon was visible.

"The moon looks pretty today." He commented, before walking away with Maeve.

A drop of blood dripped from the blood stain, flowing into the drain.

On the same wall, hundreds of similar looking blood stains could be seen, each present some distance from one another.

The scene was just horrifying.

Vritra and Maeve chatted, holding hands they walked back towards their tent.

He bumped into someone, shocked that he hadn't noticed a person standing there.

"Sorry." Vritra said, as he continued walking after a glance at the man who didn't react and was just staring up at the moon.

'Something is indeed going on here.' Vritra thought.

They continued walking no longer bumping into any of the survivors, the hundreds of them that just stood there and stared up.

Most of them had the same bloody marks on their foreheads.

They arrived at the tent where the women were talking and waiting for them.

"You are back. Honey, did you find something strange?" Vanessa asked, smiling lovingly.

"Hmm I am not really sure. We just saw a woman hitting her head on the wall, that certainly is strange." He replied.

"Oh I think we should leave this place as soon as tomorrow, could it be that general?" the goddess asked.

"I don't know, in any case, let's just sleep. Ughh it feels like I haven't rested for days, haa I feel exhausted…"

Vritra muttered as they all started walking to retire for the day and have quality sleeping.

Pausing right outside the tent, the group's expressions turned dull, standing there mindlessly as they stared up at the sky.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...