Chapter 325: The Forest Venture

"Sup Ben, so you are already kicking huh. Sigh Yeah, and there isn’t much to do in the town, anyway these are my friends..."

Mark said as he introduced them, most of them were the same Vritra had seen the first day.

A few were girls, the remaining were boys, and the group was once again awestruck by the charms of the couple.

"This is Ben and his wife, Yenni." When Mark introduced them, a wave of sighs of disappointment could clearly be heard.

"So how are you enjoying your time here, Ben?" one of the guys asked, jealousy clearly filling his tone, but at least all these guys had decent characters.

"Well I got sick once and saw that abomination, aside from that everything seems good. By the way, where do you think I can find animals for hunting?" Vritra questioned.

Yennefer was standing so close to him, giving the other women deadly glares.

"Don’t tell me you plan on going hunting or something, I would suggest you not to. But if you really want to then go towards the west, exactly in the direction of the town hall entrance." One of the boys answered.

"You want to go in the forest?" Yennefer asked with a frown.

Just having a look at that creature almost killed him, then won’t going out there be just direct suicide?

"Yes, I will be going out tomorrow. I want to search for a way back as well." Vritra said before telling her to have this discussion at home, then he asked:

"Is it close to the contact point?"

"Oh so you plan to visit that place as well. Yeah, there are plenty of beasts around that place and it isn’t as dangerous as long as you don’t get lost." Mark said.

The contact point they were referring to was the same from where Chopper had communicated with the outside world.

After talking for a while, all of them headed towards their houses since it had started to turn dark.

Soon the siren rang and all of them locked their doors and windows, even covering them with extra layers of clothes.

Vritra sat over a wooden chair and ate the remaining dry fruits, while Yennefer strolled around him, frowning.

"Is it really necessary for you to go out there? It’s just too dangerous." She said upon pausing in front of him.

"Hmm Yeah, but as long as I can find my way back I will return before night, and didn’t you hear it isn’t that dangerous during the day." Vritra said.

No matter what she said he was not going to stop.

He had to find a way out and return as soon as possible, since the time moving inside this realm and outside is exactly the same, and he didn’t want to leave the three women just like that in this new kingdom.

The threats of the Nine Pacts, Bone Blood Cult and the Slave Beast Gang were still lurking around.

"But- But, no one has their strength here and we can’t face those creatures. I don’t want to lose you ever." Yennefer said in a desperate tone.

"And how do you think we could get out? Waiting for someone who could go into the forest for us or a godsend opportunity?" Vritra said as he put the packet aside and started walking towards the bed.

"Sigh fine, I know you wouldn’t listen to me, how about you bring me alon-" before Yennefer could finish, Vritra rejected:

"No, I am going there alone, and don’t you worry I will be back in a few hours."

After a few more minutes of discussion, Yennefer finally gave up on persuading him. He was just too stubborn and she knew she couldn’t win in an argument against him.

Soon both of them lay on the bed, hugging tightly. To remove the earlier tension, Yennefer started telling him more about herself and how she ended up in an engagement with the emperor.

If it wasn’t for the medicine her family needed so badly for her father, the head of the Avens family, she would have never agreed to it. It wasn’t like she cared for her father so much or anything, but she was just stuck in the web of her family, the emperor and this empire.

Vritra also shared several things about himself, but he couldn’t tell everything to her yet, so he hid lots of things.

As it got late, Vritra kissed her lips and while cuddling they closed their eyes.

This night with him felt especially intimate, Yennefer felt that they had gotten very close, and no matter what she was not going to separate from him.

***

When the dawn arrived, Vritra and Yennefer woke up. She just sat on the bed while holding the pillow and watched as Vritra got ready for his venture into the forest.

She prepared food for him, some of which he ate while the other she packed for him to eat later, like a diligent wife.

"So Yenni, don’t worry, you know I won’t die so easily. Even the powerful empress had failed to kill me, right?" Vritra said, hugging her.

"Hmm Even if I am stuck here for the rest of my life, I want you to always be with me, so don’t you dare die or I will come find you and kill you myself." Yennefer said, a pout appearing on her face.

He smiled and kissed her lips, sharing a passionate kiss that lasted a few minutes.

The empress almost got in the mood to do it again, but leaving early was necessary so she just held it in.

Vritra walked out of the house along with Yennefer. Outside, Chopper, Mark, Lisa and many others were waiting for him.

They had heard that he was planning to go into the forest, so they had prepared some emergency items for him. All of them were too afraid to return to that cursed place.

"Hey I am not going on a picnic, I can’t carry so much stuff around in the forest, you know."

Vritra said, looking at the heavy bag, though he could just throw it in his book of dimension but he didn’t want others to know about any of it.

"You need to have at least this much when going out. If you could wait a few days, then you can go along with a group of men from the town."

Chopper said, but Vritra refused the offer. It was better to go alone.

Soon he bid them farewell, after giving a long hug to the sad empress.

...

Looking at the map of the Abandoned Town inside his mind, Vritra decided to check the closest location inside the forest out of eight or so locations indicated there.

It was like the same symbol he saw at the death of a person in the town, but even that place was quite far and situated in the region where no one had managed to reach yet.

He had already put all his luggage into the dimensional book and finally removed the Forbidden ability, feeling his strength return instantly.

"Now, let’s see how strong exactly I am." Vritra mumbled, and after looking around he chose a tree as his target and got ready to deliver a punch with all his strength.

BANG

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...