Chapter 587 Tender [R-18]

Vritra and Yasmine spent several hours together, as the dragoness got filled to the brim, feeling a lot better.

They cuddled on the bed for a bit longer and finally she went back to train.

There was still an hour before evening, Vritra was thinking of going out but then his mother walked out of the room, deciding to take a break.

"Mom, you haven't encountered any problems, right?" Vritra asked upon seeing her, he had just dressed up.

"Not at all, honey. Are you planning to go outside?" Vanessa asked, as she sat on the bed and patted her lap, smiling towards him.

After a moment, Vritra lay back with his head resting over her soft thighs, she gently cradled his hair with her fingers.

But her ample bosom completely blocked the sight of her beautiful face, her assets were really big and soft.

Vanessa interlocked her fingers with his, holding his hand tightly, then she leaned down and pressed her red lips against his.

"Your identity will be revealed to everyone tomorrow, right?" As she questioned, her heavy boobs rested over his face, making him feel the softness and warmth despite clothes being in between.

"Hmmm." Vritra hummed, he really wanted to kill many people, especially the ones who participated in the war against him.

Vanessa paused for a few moments then in a playful voice she asked: "Honey, do you want to try it?"

And without even explaining what she meant by it, Vritra understood. He couldn't help it and answered: "Sure."

Without a word, Vanessa gracefully started to take off the clothes of her upper body and within moments, her breasts sprang free, the smooth pale skin pressing against his face.

Then she held her left breast and brought the nipple to Vritra's lips, whose lips parted as he latched onto the pink soft nipple.

As she let go, the entire weight of the breast was placed over his face, its shape changing softly.

SLURP

Instantly Vritra started to suckle her nipple. Of course no milk came out at first, but he continued to stimulate it by biting and rubbing his tongue.

Vanessa couldn't help but let out faint moans, her breathing quickening, feeling her son's mouth sucking her nipple hungrily.

Finally, Vanessa decided to ask about a couple of her worries: "What are your intentions with the Yates?"

Vritra kept the nipple in his mouth, and replied in a muffled tone: "Things are fine as it is, I'll just let them believe it, I don't want to hurt them."

And in a way, their son was still indeed alive, just as a part of Vritra.

He didn't have much attachment to this planet, especially after that war, but after spending some time with the Yate family, he had started to care a bit about them.

"That's good, haa, but won't they know of it after your identity is revealed?" Vanessa spoke, taking in a deep breath, as he sucked even harder.

Soon, as Vritra's tongue lapped and poked at the tip of her nipple, he tasted the sweetness, as warm drops of her milk finally started to leak.

He started to suck quickly and harder and soon, jets of hot milk sprayed into his mouth, the creamy and aromatic milk made his taste buds explode with sweetness.

He couldn't help but bite lightly with his teeth, making his mother gasp.

SLURP

GULP GULP

While drinking, his voice became even more muffled as he replied after drinking a couple of mouthfuls of her delicious milk.

"I can handle that."

"Alright honey, I am happy with your decision." After a moment she asked: "What about the Ford family? Do you plan to make them all disappear?"

Vritra focused more onto her hardening pink nipple, with his eyes closed.

Originally, he planned to kill at least the strong members of the family because of Sir Giant's actions.

But now he hesitated a little because of Teresa. Now that she was his woman, he had to consider her feelings too.

And Rich is his friend too, so he decided not to kill most of the members, but still felt that Sir Giant needed more punishment.

So in the wedding, he would let that old man feel exactly what he himself had felt, that despair and helplessness. That would be enough for now.

Unless of course they came to provoke him on their own.

"I won't kill them." For a moment he paused, moving the nipple to the corner of his mouth and replied.

And then continued, enjoying the wonderful taste of his mother's sweet hot milk.

"Hmm…" Vanessa nodded, she too felt that he had made the right choice.

Then they continued to talk for a while longer, though Vanessa was the one doing most of the talking.

Vritra mostly hummed or shook his head in response, making her breast jiggle.

Seeing this, Vanessa couldn't help but giggle, while feeling pleasure.

His tongue and teeth constantly stimulated her nipple, making her feel hot.

As he continued to suck, the amount of milk leaking from her breast increased, flooding his mouth.

Vritra savoured the taste, enjoying as the warmth rolled down his throat and settled in his belly, spreading a hot sensation internally.

He drank until her nipple turned red and sore and no milk was left in her breast, then changing position, he stuffed his mouth with the other nipple.

And so, the mother and son continued to talk. By the time Vritra had finished, the two were already quite aroused.

He had done it several times with Yasmine earlier, but after sucking on her boobs for so long, he got as hard as before.

So the two threw their clothes away and embraced each other, their lips met in a passionate steamy kiss, tongues moving from one mouth to another.

Without wasting any time, Vritra entered her, and the two went at it for several hours.

When Vanessa started to feel a bit exhausted, they stopped and remained in one another's arms, cuddling.

Their skins pressed tightly together, his face buried in her soft breasts as Vanessa lovingly caressed her son's back.

Honestly, Vanessa and Yasmine were the two women who could make Vritra feel the calmest, they just had that mature aura around them.

Talking to them always took his worries away and the two were quite understanding.

'Though Diana has become like that too, she has matured a lot.' Vritra thought, as the beautiful face of the goddess appeared in his mind.

But he also enjoyed the playful and naughty company of the demoness. Maeve was still the same, he couldn't help but adore her.

Then his thoughts drifted to Yennefer, he wished she would come out as soon as possible, he wanted to see her, hold her so badly.

Vritra and Vanessa remained entangled for a bit longer.

Then finally they got up and dressed.

"Honey, I will be returning to my training now." She pressed her lips against his and with a big smile walked out of the room.

Vritra looked out of the window and it was already dark, it was past twelve.

Earlier he was wondering how to spend his time alone and already so many hours had passed.

The marriage would be held tomorrow, but there was something he wanted to do first.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...