Chapter 460: Atomic

Vritra read his status, surprised at how absurd his stats seemed, and finally, his fields were all at 50%, and Vritra was still left with some sin points.

But the biggest change was that he was finally at the Lord rank, becoming one of the top powers on this planet.

His body was brewing with strength, and he felt that within moments, he could obliterate an entire city if he so much as wished to.

His level was a bit lower than the Dark Knight’s since the wraith had literally absorbed all of Raelion’s power, while it was different for all other beings.

They gained experience points, which increased their strength by leveling. Not to mention, leveling for Vritra was a lot harder than for most others—or so it was supposed to be.

"Finally, I am done with the first step. Now let’s see what I can do with the remaining points." Vritra mumbled as he gazed at his remaining sin points.

{Sin Points: 33,434,932}

"Let’s buy some luck points first." Upon deciding, he quickly exchanged twenty-one million sin points for seven hundred Luck points.

[Using 700 luck points.]

[Your luck has increased to 1212]

"Good, now let’s buy sin keys." Vritra glanced toward the remaining points.

{Sin Points: 12,434,932}

Then he exchanged one million sin points to get a hundred sin keys. The number of sin points had greatly reduced by now.

{Sin Keys: 100}

"The drop odds have increased to 13.12%, still that’s not high enough. But I do have a treasure, so should I wait until I have gathered more points or use it now?" Vritra wondered.

The choice was slightly difficult.

If he used it now, he might end up wasting both sin points and the treasure, but with how the air seemed ominous by the day, Vritra wouldn’t be surprised if he got attacked the moment he left this space.

Then he would be left regretting not rolling the wheel because of his greed for better.

"Hoo, this is just sin points. I can gather millions again after a few more days, and if I loot the emperor’s treasury, then I am sure I am bound to find at least a few luck treasures—a lot better than this."

He finally made up his mind and decided to use all the keys now.

Since the treasure would only last for 20 seconds, his luck would be doubled only for 20 chances, then it would be back to low again.

After a few more moments of contemplation, Vritra decided to pour the remaining sin points into luck to increase his chances as much as possible.

{Sin Points: 434,932}

And just like that, another twelve million disappeared, and Vritra obtained another four hundred luck points.

[Using 400 luck points.]

[Your luck has increased to 1612]

"Good, now the drop rate is 17.12%. Along with the crown, it would be a great help." Smiling, he decided to purchase more sin keys.

{Sin Points: 4,932}

{Sin Keys: 143}

"Haa, I am finally done with all the preparations. Now wifey, let’s do some gambling." Vritra spoke, pulling out a chair from his inventory as he sat down.

"Hubby, whatever might be the result, don’t get too tense like that previous time, okay?"

Yasmine spoke as she sat over his lap, hugging him.

Although it was nothing like holding a real person, the two still felt quite close at moments like these.

"Yes, don’t you worry. I will be perfectly calm, even if I don’t draw at least ten things from so many keys. You can believe me." Vritra said, appearing nonchalant.

"Huff, I sure do hope so. It’s strange how gambling changes people." Yasmine shook her head before chuckling. She was just as addicted to rolling the wheel as her husband.

Without wasting a moment, Vritra took out the wooden crown from his storage, put it over his head, and got ready to roll the wheel.

[The Crown of Favourability Activated.]

[Your luck has doubled for the next twenty seconds.]

[Used 1 Sin Key.]

[Used 1 Sin Key.]

[Used 1 Sin Key.]

...

Vritra kept using one key after another, not stopping even as the crown turned to ashes and disappeared. He used all the keys as fast as possible.

As the wheel kept rolling and messages kept popping before him each second, neither Vritra nor Yasmine glanced at the messages.

After over two minutes, the golden wheel finally rolled for the last time as it took the 143rd key.

"Haa, finally done. Now let’s see what are the things I have obtained." Vritra and Yasmine looked at over a hundred messages at once.

Most of them were:

[Better Luck Next Time!]

But among the series of these messages, there were a few longer ones too.

[You have acquired Dew of Life.]

『

[Dew of Life]

2

[Description]: The tear of a legendary entity, which once consumed, would greatly reduce the chances of one’s death.

』

"Oh, this is good, but let’s hold onto it for now. I have to think of the best way to use it."

Vritra thought as he gazed at a green liquid drop that seemed to brighten his surroundings with a bright green color.

Of course, it would be of great help to him, but he decided to keep it for his family. Maybe someone among them would need it more than him.

Safely securing the green droplet into his dimensional book’s page, he moved to the next messages.

[You have acquired the Armor of Zenher.]

『

[Armor of Zenher]

[Description]: The legendary armor that survived thousands of battles, protecting its bearer from any and every attack.

A person shielded by this armor could never be hurt even by the lords. Increases agility greatly.

』

"Hmm, again, this is great but won’t be of much use to me." Vritra thought. With his defenses, he didn’t need such armor, so he decided to give it to Diana or Fiona.

But it was a lot better than nothing. Still excited, Vritra continued to read.

[You have acquired the hybrid skill Atomic.]

Vritra became excited the moment he read the word Hybrid. All hybrid skills were top-notch, and he had never been disappointed before.

"Finally, I got a skill—and a hybrid one at that!" Vritra spoke, squeezing Yasmine’s body tighter.

The dragoness just smiled; seeing him happy made her feel happy.

『

[Atomic]

[Skill Description]: All atoms present around the user move at extreme speed, creating a destructive and almost impenetrable force field.

It could be controlled by the user at will, changing shape, speed, and power. It could also activate on its own upon sensing a deadly strike approaching. The force field could be used in various ways.

』

"Damn, that sounds awesome." Vritra’s eyes glowed with excitement.

It was moments like these that made all the effort he spent earning those sin points worth it.

His already strong defenses had become deadlier now, and he instantly wanted to try it.

Yasmine, knowing her husband fully well, got off his lap and floated in the air, encouraging him, "Hubby, let’s try Atomic!"

Vritra looked around, then took out a spare table from his inventory that was made of metal.

[Atomic Activated]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...