Chapter 632 The Dragon

Vritra and the others followed Bull's group as they walked through the sewage passage. There was no waste and no stench.

Before long, a ladder appeared before them. Bull was the first to climb up.

Of course, the surface was covered in snow, but she pressed her hand up and flames burst out.

The snow melted quickly, pushing off the lid as she moved out.

Soon, the group consisting of a total of 82 people had gotten out. Vritra's group followed after them, and as they came out, they were surprised by the surroundings.

More than half of the buildings had collapsed and the ground appeared dug up.

In the distance, the signs of the blast caused by them yesterday were still visible.

"Looks like a powerful mutant passed through here." Bull said. This was good, those guys wouldn't expect an attack at this time.

"Let's keep moving, hurry up, we have to catch them by surprise!" she shouted, before fixing her gaze on Vritra.

"Adam, you will be taking the lead later on." She added.

Soon, the group started moving. Of course, such a big group was bound to attract surrounding mutants, but they just needed to look out for stronger ones.

Just a few moments later, several mutants rushed in their direction.

Vritra pulled out a machete, rushing forward at exceptional speed and cutting off their heads.

'Oh! Looks like he is trying to impress me. He is a smart guy, it wouldn't be bad to have him around if he becomes loyal.'

 Bull saw this and made up her mind that if he could survive, she would definitely keep him close.

On the other hand, Vritra was just collecting some extra points, while also having another motive for this.

On the way ahead, he killed over twenty mutants.

Bull was quite impressed and convinced that he was just putting on a show for her.

Before the apocalypse, a handsome and tall guy like him wouldn't even look at her. She felt quite happy to have his attention.

"Good job, Adam. We are already quite close." She said, pointing to a school which was surrounded by a high wall.

The wall was clearly reinforced with more materials and traps.

"Take your positions, kill all men, leave none behind!!" she shouted, as the men arranged themselves into formation.

The wall was clearly reinforced with more materials and traps.

"Take your positions, kill all men, leave none behind!!" she shouted, as the men arranged themselves into formation.

Of course, Vritra and the nine others were positioned at the forefront. They would be the first to die.

The men looked sadly, not wanting those beautiful women to die just like this.

TRRRRRRRRR

Suddenly, the alarm inside the school began to ring. Before the attack even began, they were exposed.

"Damnit, which fucker dared to rat us out?" she looked around angrily but couldn't find anyone.

"Let's just charge!!" she roared.

"Wait, Bull! Are you sure you want to attack us? We are already prepared for this. Looks like your group isn't as united as you thought.

Anyway, if you attack, it will attract those giant mutants. Are you sure?" a tall man walked close to the boundary wall, smiling mockingly.

"You fucker, I am going to kill you today, no matter what. Even if I have to sacrifice all these pawns for that, I will not let you live." Bull shouted. It seemed they had great enmity between them.

'Sigh, when survival itself is already so difficult, these guys are playing revenge games without even having proper strength?' Vritra shook his head.

Then he stood beside Bull and said confidently.

"Don't worry, Bull, let me take care of him. I have a special move that will turn the tide of this war." He announced, surprising both sides.

"Huh? What do you- Alright, I trust you, Adam. Go ahead and show what you have got." Bull tried to act tough, even as doubts popped up in her mind.

'What's this guy planning now? Maybe he is still trying to impress me. Wasn't his ability just speed? What can he even do?' she wondered.

Vritra raised both his hands, his palms pointing towards the sky as if he was about to bring down a great calamity.

Getting the signal, the nine in his group secretly took a few steps back, ready to follow through with their plans.

"What is that guy doing? Did you catch a fraud? He surely is putting on quite a sho-"

But suddenly, everyone stared at the sky in bafflement as a large blood red dragon suddenly flew up from behind the group.

This was the reason Vritra was killing those mutants. He had collected the blood too.

The massive dragon was made entirely of mutant blood.

"Whoa, a dragon? H- How did he?" everyone was shocked as the majestic dragon flew high into the sky.

"A- Adam, you really have such an ability?!!" Bull suddenly felt this guy was too important to be wasted as cannon fodder.

She decided to give him the highest position in her group. With that powerful dragon, they were sure to win.

The enormous dragon flew around above them all. It scared both sides.

It suddenly opened its mouth wide as if to roar, making everyone's hearts freeze. Especially the Bull Eaters, they felt as if they were about to die.

BOOM

But suddenly, the dragon exploded as if it had run out of power.

"W- What? That's all? What is the meaning of this, Adam?!!" Bull was shocked and then angered.

"Hahahaha! So he really is a fraud. I won't lie, you really had me for a moment. Hahaha, such a good trick, Bull. What a great team!" the leader from the other side laughed madly.

She glared at him, then turned to look at Vritra, demanding answers.

TIP TIP TIP TIP

Suddenly, a bloody rain began to fall from the sky, drenching everyone in the stench of rotten blood.

Vritra had noticed one thing. Although mutants wouldn't eat one another, they were always attracted to blood.

Not a single drop of blood fell on him or anyone in his family, stopping right above their heads.

"What are you waiting for? RUN!!" Vritra shouted as he turned and ran at full speed. His family reacted instantly.

The people inside and outside the school were dazed for a moment before finally realizing it was blood.

"T- That bastard, he is trying to lure mutants here!!" they all realized. With so much blood, all the surrounding mutants would be attracted.

"ADAM!! YOU ARE GOING TO DIE!!" Bull screamed. She had started to like him, and he played such a trick.

Ignoring everything, she rushed in his direction, only to be bombarded by a mix of skills.

Her body grew weak, and she even got poisoned by the blood falling on her.

For an instant, her body froze before she broke free and tried to chase them.

Vritra had already instructed them about their escape plan. Just as he expected, after a few moments, a large number of mutants began heading in that direction.

All the people panicked and began to run around.

"Yenni, take them away to safety first. I will be there soon." He shouted, changing direction.

"Husband…" Yennefer looked reluctant, but she wasted no time as the ground began to sink rapidly, and within moments they were swallowed by the earth.

The surface closed, and they were gone without a trace.

A massive horde of mutants began rushing towards the blood.

'I can't let such a good chance go to waste. Let's see how much I can grow with this.' Vritra thought, but suddenly a wave of flames engulfed him.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios