Chapter 77: Helping Suckubus Mommy-3 [R-18]

"You mean, the bath you took in the morning?"

"Uh... That’s..." Vanessa panicked even more.

"Quite the resilient water you are using to bathe, even over twelve hours aren’t enough to make it disappear, haha," Vritra laughed lightly, his fingers resting over her lower lips, feeling the softness and wetness.

Vanessa took a deep breath, remembering that they were already at this stage and she need not be awkward about such a thing. After all, what they were about to do was even more shameful.

"That... haa... just means you are... ahh~ doing great... haa," she spoke, her breathless voice filled with mild and sexy moans.

Vritra once again filled his mouth with her nipple, taking as much more of her boob as he could into his mouth as he began to suck harder, eagerly drinking her milk; he felt a need to empty those large jugs before starting anything else.

Vanessa was enjoying the feeling of his mouth on her breast, so neither did she stop him nor ask him to hurry, letting him take his time with her milk—even though their main goal was the crest.

Vritra began to lightly rub her petals, even teasing her sensitive clitoris that was still hidden shyly, as he continued to nibble and suckle her tit. Then he pulled his mouth away and latched onto the other nipple.

The room was only filled with Vanessa’s moans and the sound of slurping and gulping. Vritra’s mouth was flooded with milk, and he was having trouble swallowing it all down as he sucked both nipples at the same time. Still, he didn’t let even a drop of milk leak out of his mouth.

"Mmm... SLURP... GULP... SLURP... Mom, are you ready?" Vritra asked after a while, when the amount of milk coming out had started to decline. Her breasts, after becoming empty, became even softer.

He continued to suck her swollen buds even after all the milk was emptied by him, biting and licking those sweet nipples. Vanessa was feeling slight pain in both her nipples after getting them sucked for dozens of minutes. She could tell her son was definitely obsessed with her milk and her tits—he was definitely going to ask for more in the future.

"Hnnnn~ Y- Yes, I am."

POP

Vritra finally let go of her nipples, as they popped out of his mouth with a soft sound; the pink nipples looked slightly swollen and had faint bite marks, and were completely covered in his saliva.

Vanessa felt soft all over and her body was burning.

Her face was bright red and looked very erotic. She bit her lip lightly and knew now they were finally going to break the final boundary— their relationship would change completely forever.

It was like her body was a continuous source of aphrodisiac; both the mother and son got hornier with each second they spent in each other’s embrace.

Vritra pulled his hand away from her lower body. Under his mother’s gaze, he first looked at his glistening and drenched fingers. After staring at them for a moment, he sniffed her love juice, making Vanessa feel even more embarrassed.

But then Vanessa felt a shiver run through her body as he brought his hand close to his face and then actually tasted his finger. There was a surprised and delighted expression on his face, as if he had tasted something as delicious—or even more—than her milk.

Then he actually put his fingers into his mouth and licked all her love juices. Seeing such a scene, Vanessa’s petals twitched and her cave tightened. This scene was just too erotic. He had already tasted that too, but this was completely different—seeing him eat the food was nowhere near as stimulating as this.

After licking off her delicious nectar, Vritra’s hungry gaze drifted down to her wet pussy. It was clear that he wanted a taste of her but was hesitant. After all, she was already wet, and they could just start with the final step. If he started eating up her vagina, wouldn’t it seem like he was doing this all because of lust, not just to help her?

But she wanted him just as badly, so she cleared her throat and decided to create a reason.

"Uh, I- I don’t think I’m wet enough to put it in yet... Do you have any other idea so that your... uhm... thing would... haa haa... go right in? This is my first time after all, so I want you to be gentle with me," Vanessa said in a low, sexy tone.

This was the benefit of having such a physique—even her pussy juices had become extremely delicious, warm, and sweet... the true holy water.

Vritra nodded enthusiastically as he moved further down and sat between her voluptuous and seductive thighs. He held them tightly, squeezing her supple flesh as he wasted no time and brought his face close to her vagina, looking at it from up close.

Then he pressed his lips against her petals with urgency, as his tongue shot out and gave them a long lick. As he tasted that heavenly fluid again, his thirst for her nectar increased even more.

"Ahhhhhhh~ Hnnnnggggg~ Mmmmmph~ huff huff H- Honey, that’s... aaaaaah~" Vanessa couldn’t even speak a single word as loud moans filled the room. If it wasn’t for the barrier set up by Yasmine, then the temple would be filled by those sinful screams.

Her body arched back as her hips rose slightly and her thighs closed in, squeezing his face between the deadly thighs—the thing that anyone would want to suffocate in, even if it meant death by snu snu.

Feeling her smooth thighs pressing on his cheeks from either side, Vritra moved his tongue hungrily as he licked her petals several times until he had licked off all the love juice—starting from the lower corner up to her sensitive clit.

But it was not enough. After a bit of hesitation, Vritra pressed his face even tighter against her body as his tongue pushed its way forward, pushing her soft lower lips aside and entering her pussy.

Vanessa’s body trembled and twitched from the overdose of pleasure. Her son was actually eating up her vagina. His tongue agilely pushed away the folds on the inner wall of her pussy as it moved inside her body.

Her cave tightened instantly, crushing his tongue inside her as the fleshy walls stuck to his tongue, clinging to the organ that was wreaking havoc in her body. Vritra licked around her folds, rubbing his tongue against that uneven surface and poking all over the folds with the tip of his tongue.

SLURP SLURP

Her pussy juice instantly began to flow out like a constant stream into his mouth directly. Vritra tasted and drank it all with delight as his tongue continued to move and soon reached as far as it could. The pressure from her hot vaginal walls felt so good, while his lips remained pressed against the entrance.

"Is this how that saying goes... put your mouth where you really came from?" Vanessa spoke, her lips curling up in a big smile.

Vritra: "..."

’Stop making things up, there is nothing like that. The saying is: Put your money where your mouth is.’ Vritra sighed but quickly focused on the delicious treat.

____________

Thanks for reading...