Chapter 96: The plan

{Sin Point Gained: Hated +11,088}

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +11,088}

...

All the men were frightened by the approaching deadly pressure. Vritra had passed by them too fast—none of them even had the chance to clearly see him.

WHOOSH

"Damnit, what kind of creature is that?" They soon saw a large round ball that was even faster than Vritra and emitted such a dangerous pressure, even the leaders were scared.

All of them hastily moved back, but strangely BOB 2 didn’t even glance at them as it continued to charge forward, trailing behind Vritra at full speed. But there were a few unlucky men who were unable to step back in time, so they ended up crushed just by the aftershocks.

Vritra cursed under his breath as he saw that the BOBs were charging toward him like bulls that had seen red, so without a pause, he ran even faster.

Soon BOB 1 appeared, and this creature did the same—ignoring all the others while madly following behind Vritra. All the other men were pleasantly surprised, and soon they were cheering happily.

"Serves you right, bastard! So there really is a God. I knew no bad person would go unpunished in this world!" one man from the Nine Pacts shouted.

"GO! GO! GO! Crush him, large balls! Kill that shameless, evil creature!" another man shouted.

"How strange. Did he offend those things in some way as well? He sure is a troublemaker. But at least he was able to attract the danger, giving us some time. But what should we do next?" Number 1 spoke as he observed the surroundings. Then he frowned—his strength was still decreasing gradually.

He hoped the effects would end after Vritra had died.

"But that bastard sure runs fast. I can’t believe he is still alive despite being chased by two Myriad creatures. Heh, but he would be dead quite soon. Anyway, we have to find an escape route before that happens," Number Three said while wearing a new mask.

"That is true. But if we enter those caves, then we would just end up crushed by those things—even if we aren’t the main targets. But we can’t just stand here and wait. After he is dead, we will be targeted by those monsters," Fox masked man spoke.

"Well, let’s enjoy the show for now then. We can only wait a little longer for some kind of opportunity."

...

"Why the fuck are these things just chasing me?! I am not even the strongest here—I’m merely at level 500s!!" Vritra kept taking turns left and right to avoid BOB 2. Without Forbidden, that thing was too fast.

He thought of all possibilities. Could it be because of Nihil-Anima? That strange core? The Divine Sin Wheel?!!

"Yes, that might be it. The Divine Sin Wheel. Dang it, so there is no way to get rid of them. They might be trying to take back the Wheel. Tch... so trying to kill them is the only option." Vritra made up his mind. He had been through just as bad situations—how could he succeed without even trying?

No one in the world who is only a little over level 500 could ever try to challenge a Myriad or Legion. The difference in strength is too huge, like a newborn child challenging Thanos.

These two creatures might be smart, but could they compare to Vritra? They kept trying to trap him again and again, yet failed continuously. Vritra wasn’t just running around—he had already formed a big map in his mind. That was how he was able to find his way back so easily.

’More of their focus is just on killing me, so I will use myself as bait to kill them.’ His face was full of determination. He began to explore even the caves that he hadn’t visited.

He ran at his fastest for thirty or so more minutes and had finally remembered enough of the ways around to execute his plan. The only problem was that Yasmine’s energy was already quite low.

"How long... huff... can you... huff... hold on?" Vritra asked, as he drank a mana potion.

"For ten or so more minutes. After that, I won’t be able to do anything. If your plan doesn’t succeed, then I will at least be able to kill one of them by exploding myself." Yasmine’s voice already sounded quite weak.

{Sin Point Gained: Chased +2}

"There is... huff huff... no need for that. Huff... just wait..." Vritra gritted his teeth. How could he ever allow his first wife to sacrifice herself to protect him? He would rather die along with her.

Before starting his plan, he headed back toward the two groups. They had started to get nervous now—they couldn’t find a way out. And although they were shocked that Vritra had managed to survive till now, it wouldn’t be long before he died.

He ran toward them from a distance and started shouting: "If any of... huff... you have the... haa... soul potion, then g- give it... huff... to me!"

Vritra only had time to say that line before he ran too far away. After entering a cave and running in a circle, he came back again.

"Why should we? Heh. Die, you bastard!" Number One shouted. His strength was nearly down by almost fifty percent, so he was getting restless. Why would he help Vritra?

"If you don’t help... huff... me, then I w- will use... huff... this to kill you all. Give me... haa haa... your soul potions! If I die, you all will die immediately. Number One, I will free you!" Vritra again entered another cave with two balls following behind him, as he took another circular path and came back to the entrance after a minute or so.

The two groups discussed this in the time he was away. They didn’t know what he wanted to do with the soul potion, but if it could give them more time, then it was worth it.

"Fine! You better stay true to your words, or I will kill you myself." Number One collected over forty eight soul potions and threw them at Vritra’s approaching figure.

The blurry figure that had maintained the same speed caught all the soul potions and stored them in his inventory instantly, as he was teleported forward— just barely managing to dodge.

{Sin Point Gained: Ambushed +2}

BOOM BOOM

The two balls collided with the ground and barely missed hitting him. Vritra entered a new cave this time. He hastily began to gulp one soul potion after another, as waves of energy flooded his body.

He stopped everything from taking this energy— all of it was only for Yasmine to absorb. It took him a few minutes before he had finished them all, and Yasmine’s energy had been replenished by a little.

"Good. Now I can support you for more than thirty minutes. Be careful, hubby," Yasmine said worriedly before putting all her focus on protecting him.

Vritra nodded and took a deep breath. A path appeared in his mind, and he gave a couple of instructions to Yasmine before he took several sharp turns— but the two balls followed behind him closely, he wasn’t able to throw them off no matter what he did.

____________

Thanks for reading...