Chapter 494: The Challenge

"Oh, I did plan to bring you to meet the Ford family for an important reason, which is related to your marriage." Gunter spoke, sighing heavily.

"Huh? What marriage?" Vritra questioned in surprise.

"Yeah, I know you have been away for so long and had only just returned. On top of that, you don’t even remember anything, so I planned to bring up this urgent matter later on."

The monarch of the Yate family said slowly.

"That is not important now, ask that Giant if he knows anything about Yennefer’s whereabouts."

That guy was also on Vritra’s list, after all it was him who had stopped him when he was trying to save that clone of his mother.

"Okay, we are going to the Ford family soon anyway. But first we have to deal with the members of our branch family." Gunter said, releasing yet another sigh.

He had not paid them much attention and mostly let them do as they pleased, but he can’t allow such a thing anymore.

Otherwise, they might end up harming his son.

After a moment, Vritra said: "Call a family meeting, asking everyone to come there."

"What do you plan to do?" Gunter looked at him in confusion.

"We need not waste time on them, so I will just speak to them a little." Vritra said.

Gunter stared at his face for a few moments. Since he would also be there, nothing could go wrong.

"Alright, but be careful, those cousins of mine and their children are rather cunning." Gunter said before leaving Vritra alone, arranging for the meeting.

’More than two years have passed...’ Vritra fell back on the bed, closing his eyes tiredly.

...

"Why did the family head suddenly call for a meeting of this scale? Even the children were ordered to be present."

A big crowd had gathered, seated over the chairs arranged in a circular manner.

"I think it might be related to young master Art, I heard he is already awake. Don’t tell me he is going to announce Art as the next monarch!"

Similar conversations were taking place all over the place.

The strongest cousins of Gunter and Art were the ones who seemed the most unsettled and angry.

But Sid, the middle-aged man who had his arm broken by Vritra earlier, was in a good mood.

Beside him sat his three kids and his wife.

The area between the seats was still empty, neither Vritra nor Gunter could be seen yet.

"Tch, how irresponsible, how could a boy who had been away from home be our next monarch? We would become an even bigger joke if others find out about it. What could be worse than having a monarch like that?"

Sid, who just heard what his elder brother had said, frowned, then jumped into the conversation.

"You know what’s worse than that? Breathing the same air as you, sharing the same realm as you.

I pity the woman who let you put your tiny pea inside her, I pity the child who was created from something out of you. Just seeing your face is worse than anything and you mot... mmph... cker..."

The others were shocked when Sid, who acted like a puppy in front of his elder brothers, suddenly began to curse him for a random brat.

"F... Father, what are you doing?" Fray and her brothers turned pale. Had their father gone mad?

"..." Several of the men around hurriedly stopped Sid, who was about to fight.

"Settle down everyone." But the tension was broken as Gunter’s voice sounded.

"Greetings Monarch." Many bowed, but his cousins remained seated with frowns on their faces.

"Okay, so let’s start with this meeting." Looking around, Gunter continued: "I am sure you have all heard by now that my son, Art, is back and awake."

"Yes, we have. Is this meeting to inform us about Art becoming the future Monarch?" the oldest cousin, who was only younger than Gunter, spoke.

His name was Max, a name Vritra had not heard in quite some time.

"Well, not really. My son will take over the meeting from here on."

Gunter took a step back, as everyone quieted down, while the middle-aged men got ready to barrage the young guy with questions and allegations.

Then all gazes shifted to the person dressed in black, stepping into the centre of the hall.

At first several gasps, mostly from women, sounded as they saw his appearance. It truly enchanted them.

While the men instantly felt jealous, as even their wives or lovers were looking at him unlike anything they had experienced before.

"I am Art–" Vritra just said a few words when Max stood up from his seat, his cheeks burning with rage.

"Before you say anything, tell us, where had you disappeared off to? Where have you been all this time? How can we even know if you are the real Art?" As Max shouted, others followed, filling the hall with noises.

"Enough!" Gunter called, his aura making everyone among the crowd shiver as they finally quieted down.

"I am indeed Art and the monarch here has confirmed that himself. By questioning it, are you doubting your own Monarch?

Or do you wish to oppose his decision? Should it be considered a revolt?" Vritra mumbled, tapping over his chin with his finger.

"Tch, you... Fine, if Monarch said you are Art then we believe you are, but what is the meaning behind this meeting?" Max became even angrier, unexpectedly this young brat was quite eloquent.

"This meeting is just as you had expected, to announce me taking back my rightful place as the next Monarch of the Yate family. Now, if any of you have any problem with it then–" Vritra said nonchalantly.

"Is this a joke? You, Monarch? Hah. Even my newborn would rule a family better than you. How big of a joke would we be called if we let someone as useless and weak be our leader?

Gunter, you can’t let the family be ruined just because of your love for your son." Max shouted.

"Yes, the competition for the next monarch should be fair, and we all know who is best suited to fill that seat." The men all looked at their children.

"We all agree, Art cannot become the next monarch. If he does then he will have to prove his worth and loyalty!"

All of them kept shouting the same thing over and over. Vritra had expected this, their greed was so visible.

"Quiet!" Gunter punched a pillar beside him, glaring at them all, but with this even he couldn’t help Vritra out.

He too wasn’t sure if Vritra really was capable of ruling the family, though with what he had seen thus far, he certainly had the bearings and mind of a leader.

If only he possessed the power to back that up, then none of them would dare speak anything.

But he had been away for so long, so he can’t really blame his son even if he was yet to reach level 100.

"Yes, this needs to be very fair, so anyone among you from my generation who believes themselves to be more worthy of the monarch seat, step forward.

I am challenging you all in a duel. Anyone who could hit me once will be able to take the position from me." Vritra announced.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...