Chapter 52: Flower of allure

Diana sat on Vritra’s lap like a well-behaved child, fighting was obviously not her strongest suit though it didn’t mean she was weak, but now she was completely at his mercy.

"Is there some event going on in the capital where a lot of people gather?" Vritra questioned, one of his hands resting over her thigh while with his left hand he was caressing her long white hair.

"Not currently, but in a few days I heard there is going to be a competition for the recruitment of guards in the castle, but I don’t know much about it," the beautiful goddess answered.

"How many people do you think will come to watch?" he asked further.

"I am not sure, should be around a thousand," she replied with a thoughtful expression; she never takes interest in such low-level mortal affairs.

"I see," Vritra nodded and decided to go there to earn some sin points. Spinning that Gacha was quite addicting, then he remained silent for a while and asked:

"Is there an opportunity to safely and officially leave this kingdom? I want to send my mother out first, do you have a way?"

Diana remained silent for a while, trying to ignore the comfort that came from his caress and the burning sensation over her thighs. Finally, she nodded and replied:

"Indeed, there will be a chance. Summoning heroes to fight the demons is a big matter and is discussed between several kingdoms. This time it was our luck to be the one to do it. Still, while in the training phase, few of the heroes are allowed to visit other kingdoms. That is to increase their attachment and maybe if they want, they could settle in that kingdom. This is the rule, and after a month or so I will be bringing some heroes along to visit other kingdoms."

"Yes, that is a good chance but I doubt the king will let the best heroes leave the kingdom, right?" Vritra pondered.

"Yeah, aside from the top, I am free to bring anyone with me. So it’s a good thing that no one is aware of your and your mother’s strength and talent. No one would object it, if you want I can bring you both to whichever kingdom you wish," she added with a hopeful look in her eyes. She wondered if Vritra left, would she be free?

"Hurry that trip as much as you can and bring my mother out safely, I will follow along on my own. For now just call the meeting." After speaking Vritra gently slapped her ass, as Diana stood up with a startle.

"And your reward, you will have it soon." Vritra spoke and walked towards the door, while Diana stood there with a red face and slight anger in her eyes, wanting to beat him up a bit.

"Oh right, what is up with that Monk... Shitless?" Vritra held the doorknob and asked.

"He... uh He came here from the Blue Kingdom. He is the priest of the temple there and he came here speaking that fate was calling him or something," Diana answered with a shrug, she didn’t really like that bald Monk.

Nodding, Vritra walked out of the room as the goddess finally relaxed and fell back on the bed. Whenever he is around she always feels on edge. Vritra left the temple and headed back towards his room, it was already getting dark. He didn’t see the Monk there.

’Is someone following me?’ Vritra felt a faint sensation. He looked at the message that had popped out and indeed that was the case.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +1}

"Yeah, it’s a middle-aged man. He is wearing a black robe but from the leather armor he is wearing underneath, I am sure he must be a part of this kingdom’s army," Yasmine spoke. She could sense the killing intent in the man’s eyes.

’Then he must be the guard commander, heh I had allowed him to live until now but he is begging to die. What is his level?’ Vritra acted as if nothing was wrong as he walked back towards the castle.

"Should be around level... two hundred fifty," Yasmine answered.

’Oh, he is at quite a high level,’ Vritra was a bit surprised but still not worried.

"Not really. You have gained so many levels in such a short time so it might seem like those levels aren’t very easy to gain, but these people have lived for at least a century. Even if they slowly kill a few monsters every few days they would continue to gain levels; not to mention he is a mere human, even at the same level you could crush thousands like him instantly," Yasmine said proudly and confidently.

After a while the gaze vanished as Vritra walked into the castle. Right from the next day he planned to start causing trouble and killing a few people around.

After walking into the corridor where their rooms were located, Vritra paused and spoke in a low voice: "Hellmancer."

A dark shadow instantly separated from Vritra’s shadow and lingered on the ground in front of him. The soul wraith didn’t reveal its body as it waited for orders.

"Go and keep watch over the person who was watching me secretly, and don’t do anything until I give any further order," Vritra ordered as the humming sound of acknowledgement rang out before the dark shadow disappeared.

Even though at level 742 Hellmancer wasn’t the strongest soul wraith, it was undoubtedly the smartest among the five. Plus, it possessed all kinds of strange spells, even from curses to debuffs, so without anyone knowing he could easily kill anyone.

After sending it away Vritra entered his mother’s room. At this time Vanessa was preparing the dinner. The two sat together and ate, and again Vritra seemed to gain experience points from the food, though his mother just said it is an additional ability of hers.

After eating and chatting for a while, it was finally time to sleep. At first Vritra was going back to his room to sleep but under the pitiful pleading of his mother and remembering that she is currently having some strange problems, he gave in.

The two lay on the bed just normally, it wasn’t long before the two fell asleep. Then a very strong scent drifted from Vanessa’s body, which was like a strong aphrodisiac, a scent that her body seemed to be making naturally.

Vritra was soon affected by the scent. As he inhaled more and more of this sweet scent, his body began to feel hotter and hotter, so like before he took off the clothes from his upper body and threw it away in sleep before falling back.

In the darkness, Vanessa opened her eyes that seemed to be glowing with a pink light. She stared at her son’s face for a few seconds then apologized to him in her mind.

’Sorry, honey. But I am gonna need you to take the initiative, we can only depend on each other in this new world.’

The sound of clothes rustling rang out in the silent room, as Vanessa adjusted them in a manner that her chest was exposed and both of her large milky white boobs had come out of all restraints.

Then she lay on her side, facing him and made use of her ability, called Flower of Allure, that would attract her target towards her like a bee to nectar rich flower.

____________

Thanks for reading...