Chapter 727 Teresa's Torture [R-18]

Before long, Teresa had orgasmed several times. Normally, since many of them do it at once, Vritra's attention was divided.

But now, Teresa was going to get his complete attention, he kissed her passionately, sucked her nipples.

Although he was still being very gentle with her, the pleasure was too much to handle for Teresa.

But she did her best to keep going, thankfully her physical body was a lot stronger now.

After a while, she finally felt his penis twitch within her pussy.

Vritra thrust harder while she clenched her belly even harder, closing her eyes as she awaited the release of hot semen inside her.

SPURT SPURT

Vritra gave a hard push, shoving his cock all the way into her womb and finally, thick white cum shot out.

"Mmmmm~" Teresa moaned, as she bit his shoulder, the sensation was wonderful.

So much hot stuff just kept pouring into her, her womb was flooded with his seeds which she hoped would get her pregnant.

But she knew it wouldn't be so easy, otherwise all his other wives would already be pregnant.

Waves of hot semen filled up her belly, stretching it from inside, while the head remained buried deep.

Vritra pulled back slightly as he finished, it felt so nice to fill up his wife.

Teresa had such a contented and blissful expression on her face, and a small beautiful smile.

He leaned down to give her a passionate kiss and hugged her body, his cock still inside her pussy.

"Are you ready for haa round 2?" he asked, inhaling her sweet scent.

"Huff J-Just let me rest for a f-few hnnnn~ moments…" Teresa replied, since he was still inside her, a slight movement made her shiver.

His cock didn't soften at all, her walls were clenching so hard that it remained hard under the intense pleasure.

"Alright." Vritra nodded, as he lay on top of her.

"Hubby, those gods, they won't try any dirty tricks once we have won the game, right?" Teresa asked, to divert her mind.

Though with his cock still deep in her pussy, it was nearly impossible, unconsciously she kept squeezing it, pulling it in deeper.

"Who knows, those creatures cannot be trusted. But Divine must have made some arrangements, we just need to win and expose everything that happened on our planet." He replied, while leaning down to nibble and suck over the sweet skin of her neck.

"…yeah, after we win this game. I believe we will open ourselves to bigger dangers, no way those gods will stay silent." Teresa added.

But in whatever way, she would defend her family now, who cares about hurting others?

There are some creatures who deserve that, like that Magna, the gods and many others.

"Right, but we will take care of that when the danger comes. Enough of that, we should continue with what we were doing." Vritra said, as he pulled his cock back.

Her walls were so tight, sticking to his penis with such force, he almost raised Teresa's lower body along with it for a moment.

Vritra chuckled, despite the talk she had not relaxed at all, her vagina was still so tensed and worked up.

Pulling back until only the head remained inside her, Vritra shoved his penis back inside.

Her love juices and the semen he had released earlier made it smoother, allowing Vritra to move back and forth.

Soon, the room was filled with Teresa's moans, the poor goth baddie was made to cum again and again.

And Vritra kept cumming into her.

Magna, on the other hand, opened another room. However this time, somehow the guy inside suddenly opened his eyes.

"Tsk, how did he sense us?" but he wasn't upset, the better abilities they had the better it was for him.

"Clones, go subdue him!" he shouted, and stood back.

Then he wondered if there was a way to turn even Vritra into his clone, that would just be perfect.

He was so strong, then he might not need to collect clones like this.

But for that, Magna would need a large army.

"I wonder where they are now, I hope I don't end up meeting them for now." Magna thought, he didn't remember the appearances of Vritra's group perfectly.

Since when controlling a clone from far away, the sight is a little foggy, and since that clone was killed; he couldn't check the previous memories.

'Whatever, I will first get more clones and when I meet him next time, I will be ready.' Magna was just in deep thought when suddenly, the guy his clones were trying to capture started to glow brightly.

"Huh? What's he doing- wait, he is trying to explode-" Magna was caught off guard.

BOOOOOOM

The powerful explosion blasted the clones away instantly, the whole room was destroyed and the destruction continued towards other rooms.

But it was enough to alert the other humans, who all rushed out of the building and a bloody battle was about to start.

Magna hoped to end it silently, but he was not in luck.

"Don't kill them or hurt them too much, just make them unconscious." He shouted and remained back.

He wasn't going to risk his life by fighting, and if the clones died then he could just escape.

"Who are you bastards?" one of the men shouted, as he saw so many same-looking men.

"W-Why do they all look the same?" another asked, they were a little afraid since they were clearly outnumbered.

After glancing at one another, half of them decided to flee, abandoning the others they just ran in different directions.

"Hahaha This is perfect, now this will be easy. Get them all, don't let any escape!!" Magna ordered, then he glanced to the distance and found that most of the buildings were already gone.

"Hmm there is a building in the distance, I should go check it out too." He chuckled, now his clones would be over forty.

Magna's strength had increased even more after killing all those people in Renko city.

Before long, he had completely taken over all the people who were here.

Their bodies were wrapped in bloody cocoons and they started to undergo strange transformations.

Soon they would also become his clones, even the women.

"Hmm let's wait a little before heading there." Magna decided, he asked one of the clones and was told that there were ten people in that building.

For a second, Magna wondered if it could be them, but there was no way they could have travelled here so fast.

Even he had managed to do it thanks to a special treasure he found earlier, but it was so precious that it could only be used one time.

And Magna had used it accidentally.

So, after his army was ready, he planned to go attack that building.

…

Vritra and Teresa remained entangled for several hours.

They only stopped to take a break when Teresa really couldn't take any more of it, so Vritra allowed his wife to rest.

But even then he was still inside her, ready to start when she was full of energy.

Only after several hours had passed and he had come inside her dozens of times did they separate to eat food.

Vritra planned to pleasure Teresa so much in the two days that she might need support to even walk straight.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios