Chapter 480: Purge

Everyone on the battlefield felt the terrifying unknown domain swallow them, their own domains shattered almost instantly.

Immense pressure suddenly crushed the bodies of thousands of warriors, all the souls consumed by the wraiths.

It was as if suddenly they had all lost more than half of their battle prowess, while radiations made their insides melt.

Despite their great healing factors, their bodies were getting damaged just by standing inside the domain.

GRRAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!

Vritra suddenly raised both his hands, his arms covered by Goop which appeared infinitely more terrifying now.

Then deadly and giant weapons rained down from the sky over the span of thousands of miles, destroying everything.

The Dust ability was finally being used to its current maximum potential, the whole continent on the verge of collapse.

What the hundred demon lords and countless dark organizations failed to do previously was happening all because of one person.

COUGH COUGH

Sir Giant coughed but then his body healed and he got back to his feet, finally aware of the gap between their strength.

"Even I can’t handle him now, where are they? At this rate the continent will be completely wiped off." Giant gritted his teeth, glaring at Oracle’s soul.

He didn’t want to handle big matters and even planned to retire, but Oracle kept delaying it, saying they first have to recruit a new member.

And even now, it was all because of that bastard that sent Vritra over the line of madness.

"Why did you kill his mother?!!" He shouted, watching the terrifying devil swatting the lords away like flies.

"S- She wasn’t really his mother, it was one of Red’s underlings, he has the ability to perfectly clone any person. I- I just wanted to check something..." Oracle, for the first time in his life, had made such a big blunder, and was completely responsible for so many lives.

"Oh did your curiosity get quenched? Why don’t you go ahead and play with him a bit more and check a few more things? See if he can catch your soul or not." The old man really felt like killing him with his own hands, but this was not the time.

"Any plans?" he asked, getting ready to strike that giant again.

"I-" Before Oracle could say anything, they heard a heart-wrenching scream from not too far away.

"Uaaaaaaahhhhhhhh aaah uuuuuuiiiiiii S- Stooppppp ooooooooooooaaaaaa"

Several people glanced and saw Dark Knight, Hellmancer, Psyche and all other soul wraiths holding onto Pink.

They pulled him, stretching his body like a bedsheet, all of the wraiths looked bloodthirsty and seemed mad like that big demon itself.

They were releasing broken gurgling sounds, all forms of intelligence disappeared from their eyes and only endless hunger remained.

Together they started devouring Pink’s flesh and soul, biting and tearing him apart. His body was frozen, no matter what he did it all failed inside the domain.

"S- Shouldn’t we help him?" Big Guy gulped, terrified at the sight of those fiendish creatures munching at their colleague.

"That’s... Forget him, he is already working for several organizations, let’s just try to hold that demon here. At least someone should be here from that place." Oracle said through gritted teeth, but in his soul form he wasn’t really of much help.

His life force was getting devoured slowly.

"R- Reeeeedddddd saveeee meeeeeeee!" Pink screamed, taking the form of an old man, finally revealing his secret.

But too bad, Red was already aware of that.

"Die you old disgusting bastard, how dare you wrap yourself around me. You deserve that for putting that smelly ass over my face." Red shouted, at least there was something good about all this chaos.

Pink’s screams continued to ring, but no one came to help him, all of them were busy surviving themselves.

It wasn’t long before Pink got completely devoured by the wraiths, not leaving behind a trace of him, feeling extreme pain till his last moment.

"Sigh He was a good guy..." Red mumbled, respecting the dead before moving to the back of the group to save himself.

"Sir Giant, please hold it for a few more minutes-" Oracle was just speaking when he suddenly felt several gazes fix on him.

Looking to the side he saw that the soul wraiths all had their eyes on him, he felt a chill, the memory of Pink’s death still fresh.

"Alright." Sir Giant nodded and pounced towards Vritra.

"No wait save me firs- uwaaaaah!" Oracle rushed away in haste as Bob and Bobby both flew towards him, while the other wraiths continued with their slaughter.

Their strength had now risen to the level they could kill a lord by themselves in a short time.

Vritra held two demon lords in one hand while Big Guy and Sloth Demon in another, as they went through the same experience as Darius.

They were unable to do anything, while Vritra’s strength was only increasing exponentially.

CRACK

WHIZZZZZZZZZ

Under the effects of radiations, their bodies were going through grotesque evolutions, becoming messier with each passing moment.

All the others were running away from Vritra but couldn’t escape because of the domain.

Aaaaaaah!

Sir Giant hit Vritra with his strongest attack, exhausting nearly 90% of his energy as his entire body turned red and increased in size further.

’I can’t let him go kill innocent people.’

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM

But before his strike could even land, Vritra raised his right foot and stomped down on the smaller giant, creating an enormous hole in the ground.

COUGH

Every bone in Sir Giant’s body was destroyed, his flesh and organs destroyed and body blasted away into several pieces.

But after a few moments, his body once again began to heal as he rushed back, his condition extremely worse.

If he got struck by Vritra one more time like that, then he really might not be able to see his great-granddaughter’s wedding.

Looking back, Sir Giant saw Oracle being chased by the two balls all over the place, and decided not to help him.

Oracle is smart but he is too overconfident in his abilities, always looking down on others and using others for his curiosity.

But now they all had to pay the price for it.

Vritra squeezed his fists further, it wasn’t long before the two demon lords died, and instantly got devoured by the wraiths.

While Big Guy seemed to be on his dying breath, his body in a grotesque and disgusting shape.

A person wearing a white military-type uniform flew closer to Cloud City, surprised at the level of destruction.

On his way he saw countless demonic giants and dragons wreaking havoc all over the place, wherever he passed, those creatures exploded suddenly.

But in the next moment they would regenerate and continue to destroy the cities.

’The situation here is worse than we thought.’ He glanced around but didn’t seem much worried, after taking care of the main target, everything would be resolved.

Initially the Divine Kage organization wasn’t going to interfere with the hunt for the new divine.

Unless of course they all fail to kill him in the long run. Divine Kage group was set up by the said Gods to kill if ever a new Divine appears after all and keep the planet in order meanwhile.

But now the chaos had gone out of hand.

He easily passed through the domain and saw the enormous demonic figure.

"That’s unique, target located. Starting purge."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...