Chapter 490: Magical Treasure

Although Gunter did his best to handle the family’s affairs.

But the branch of the family had started to eye the position of the family monarch, so none of them were happy about Art’s return.

Several people tried to come and visit Vritra in the name of goodwill, but Gunter kept all of them away. He knew very well about their ill intentions.

Days passed after the initial shocking news, then all the people in the family began to question if it was just fake news.

Maybe the monarch did it to put pressure over the members of the family and to decrease the pressure of other families.

Over a month passed just like that, nearly two years and six months since the destruction of Quartz Continent.

It was just the usual day. The healers checked upon Vritra. Whatever sort of potions they gave to his body, he absorbed it all like a dry sponge.

Today, Gunter had to leave the realm and go to meet the Ford family regarding some important matters.

After the regular checkup, the healers left the room, not finding any change in his condition.

They were just baffled how strong Vritra’s body was even after being in a coma for so long. They couldn’t even prick his skin.

One tried and almost got his arm chopped off somehow. No one saw what happened, as a cut appeared over the healer’s arm.

Since then, they had been extra careful with treating him.

It was around eight in the night and the sky had started to darken.

Gunter had stationed several guards to protect Vritra, even leaving behind one of his personal protectors.

But as the darkness started filling the room, a person appeared there out of nowhere.

It was an assassin sent by people from the branch family, they needed to kill Vritra at all costs.

Wearing a black robe, with even his face covered, the assassin took out a knife.

The protector outside, despite noticing the assassin, did nothing.

Just like the branch family, he too felt that letting the young master return would just make the family decline more.

They would turn into a joke.

The assassin was at the general rank, he quickly brought the knife closer to Vritra’s throat.

But suddenly, Vritra’s clothes trembled, then two black hands flashed rapidly.

One of the assassin’s arms got chopped off instantly, and a deep cut appeared on his neck.

"Urrkkhhh cough" the knife dropped to the floor along with an arm, as the assassin stumbled back.

Stifling his sound, he fled out of the room.

And once again, the room was full of silence.

Before the healer could come to inspect, the maids came to clean the room and were shocked to see the arm and blood.

But they cleaned it all off silently.

...

Gunter had several cousins, and all those cousins had dozens of kids.

Few were talented but most grew up with the arrogance of being a part of the top family.

Which led to them being lazy, corrupt, cowardly and backstabbers, while their parents were busy looting as much as they could with Gunter being busy.

Now, the family was certainly at the bottom of the five, and barely a top family.

A group of two young men and one woman dressed in luxurious clothes headed to meet Art.

The three, who were the children of Gunter’s youngest cousin, wished to silently complete the task that the assassin couldn’t the previous day.

"If it wasn’t the protector then who could have injured butler uncle that badly?" Dray spoke, oldest of the three.

Their father wasn’t aware of the brave act they were going to commit now, but they had to follow their oldest brother’s instructions.

"Whoever it was, we just need to burn this incest there hehe" Ray, the youngest, laughed stupidly.

TAK

Frey hit his head and corrected: "That’s incense, stupid Ray."

"Silence!" Dray stopped them as the three climbed the stairs and soon arrived near Vritra’s room.

"Greetings, young masters." One of the five guards standing outside spoke while all five bowed.

"Is Art inside?" Dray questioned. The three were 24-year-old triplets.

With brown hair and a face too similar to one another, so similar that Frey was having facial hair.

"Yes." The guard answered, the protector was hidden.

"We are here to meet our young cousin, we were so worried about him. We won’t disturb him and just need to see him for a few moments." Frey added, showing a dramatically emotional look.

Ray didn’t want to be left behind so he added: "Yes, so open the door and ask him to come out, tell him we three are here- ouch"

"Quiet" Both Dray and Frey hit him before looking at the guard.

"Uh... Sorry, but I can’t-" the guard had strict instructions to not let anyone from the family meet him.

"I have taken permission from the protector, just open it." Dray added.

"Haa..." the guard looked back and saw the protector nod in the shadows.

"Alright, but please stay away from young master Art." The guard opened the door and the three entered.

"..." After taking just one look at Vritra, Dray put the incense over the table and began to light it up.

"This is a present from my father, it will help him heal." Dray said, while Frey stared at Vritra’s face in surprise and enchantment.

"Brother, w- was he always that handsome?"

The guard tried to stop Dray who was trying to light up the incense with his fire ability but failed.

"Wait, you can’t put it theaa- uwaaah!!" but suddenly, Vritra’s eyes opened, his body jerked as he inhaled a long breath.

COUGH

"Where am I?" After being asleep for over two years, Vritra felt lightheaded, he looked at his surroundings and then at the people in front of him.

"T- T- The young master is awake!!!" the guard let out a shocked scream, before looking at Dray and his incense.

What sort of magical item was this, what healers couldn’t do over several weeks, this young guy did within a matter of seconds.

And on top of that, the incense hadn’t even been lit yet.

"Brother, it worked? Is he finally dead? Don’t worry, this is your afterlife." Ray said, smiling towards Vritra.

"Shut up!!" the three hurriedly left the place with their incense, wondering if the oldest brother gave them the wrong thing.

Vritra ignored them and looked at the guards, repeating himself: "Where am I?"

"O- Oh, congratulations young master Art for finally waking up from your coma. This is the Yate realm." The guard said, while telling the other guards to bring this news out.

"Yate? Art?" The more he heard, the more confused Vritra became.

"Huh? Hubby, did you get reborn with a new identity or something? Or are they just mistaking you?" Yasmine too woke up with Vritra, though her condition wasn’t as bad.

But none of it was important, he wanted to find all his women as soon as possible.

Climbing off the bed, he looked down at himself before bringing out a mirror and gazing at his reflection.

After the recreation, his face certainly seemed to have changed to some extent, it would be hard for others to recognise him.

Though Vanessa and others wouldn’t find it difficult.

"Oh hubby, you look even more handsome, check if it’s just your look or even your strength that has grown." Yasmine said, staring at Vritra’s face.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...