Chapter 545 Bitch

Vritra pulled the door open and found a thin woman standing outside with an ugly, annoyed look on her face.

She had black hair and her face was covered with acne and enlarged pores, all in all she looked quite ugly.

Especially because of her arrogant and annoyed expression.

"What?" Vritra wondered why this woman was acting strangely, maybe there was something urgent and her face was just like that.

The woman was surprised upon seeing Vritra, but then the frown returned to her face and she questioned:

"Hmph! Is Teresa inside?"

After questioning, she started peeking inside.

"Yes, she is. What do you want?" Vritra pulled the door closer and stood in front of her, blocking the view inside.

"I am Sakshi, her sister-in-law," she introduced herself.

"Oh! You aren't a maid? I see, so you are Shen's wife, huh? So why are you here again?" Vritra instantly lost any sort of respect he was showing earlier, though it wasn't much to begin with.

"W- What?!! A maid? How dare you!! I am the wife of the monarch of this family, who do you think you are!" she instantly burst out with rage.

Vritra rolled his eyes. He felt a light poke on his back, and turning back, he saw Teresa standing there.

"Hmm?" he looked at her with a questioning gaze.

"Just let me deal with her, she is… uhm, a bit hot-headed," Teresa spoke, looking helpless, as if she didn't want Vritra to see any of it.

"It is fine, just go freshen up. I will take care of her," Vritra smiled reassuringly at his breathtakingly beautiful wife.

Teresa wanted to say something, she knew how problematic her sister-in-law was. Only Sakshi was the one who had made her life a little difficult.

"You! Get out here, how dare your husband disrespect me!! Did you forget everything after getting married? You wench, get out here!" she shouted, acting as if everyone was beneath her.

As if she was the live representation of beauty and intelligence itself, and everyone had to obey her.

Vritra slowly closed the door behind him and stepped out.

"So what were you saying?" he asked with a small smile.

"Tell her to come out, there was something I had told her to do. Tsk! This blind wench just doesn't know her plac—"

Vritra raised his right hand, and then…

SLAAPPP

The sound was loud enough to ring out across the hallway, and the woman was instantly thrown into the air.

She rolled a couple of times and hit her head against the wall, drawing a thick line of blood against it as her head slid downward.

Hearing the commotion, various guards hurried over. They looked in shock at the figure lying with her butt raised, a pool of blood forming around her head.

But since her strength was quite high, this much shouldn't be enough to kill her, right?

The guards were rather satisfied. They couldn't understand how such a shallow, annoying, and bitchy woman even got to marry into this family.

Or how a calm and talented boy like Rich could be her son.

Everyone hated her; not a single person in the entire Ford family was fond of her.

Over ten guards waited with bated breath, hoping that she would never get up, but they were all disappointed as her body suddenly twitched.

Then she rolled over, and for a few moments was unable to understand anything. Then she registered what had just happened, and even more rage filled her.

Wiping the blood off her face, she sat up, her head spinning badly.

"Y- You bastard! How dare you hit me, do you even know what type of crime you have committed? Don't think you can be saved just because you are the husband of that bl- woman."

Her body was shaking with rage and pain.

Then she got up to her feet and started screaming, ordering the guards to arrest him instantly and calling for more to come.

"What are you doing just standing there? Go and arrest this bastard, I am going to make him pay! Ughhh, so much blood, how could you hit a woman?"

Her cheek and head were hurting badly, but it only made her more furious.

Who had ever dared to touch her like that? Even Sir Giant didn't bother much with her, and the monarch was afraid too.

No matter what, Art Yates had to die, and she would make sure of it. It didn't matter if Teresa became a widow or not, someone like this shouldn't be allowed to live.

"…" The guards hesitated. Not only was Vritra now a part of the family, but unlike Sakshi, they had been present at the wedding and saw what sort of monster he was.

He had made a lord disappear in an instant. What could they even do?

"You pieces of shit, so now you are rebelling? I am going to get all of you killed as well, and then your families for treason!! SHEENNNNNN!! GET HERE NOW!!" she screamed wildly.

The guards looked at one another. They were pushed into only two choices, either get killed directly or get killed along with their families.

So with fearful steps, they started approaching Vritra.

"Sigh, just stand there," Vritra spoke lazily, waiting for her help to arrive.

The guards could no longer take even a single step forward, even if they tried.

Seconds passed. Vritra stood with his arms folded over his chest, wondering if he should just kill her.

But he held back. He needed to know if she had hurt Teresa before in any way, and if she had, then death would be too easy for her.

"Tess, don't worry and just freshen up. We will soon be leaving this place," Vritra sensed his wife's tense figure on the other side of the door.

He could feel how helpless she must be feeling. If Teresa wanted, she could easily kill her and even Shen, but she was just too kind. She couldn't bear to ever hurt anyone.

And Vritra planned to change that, no matter how much time it took.

"Hah! So now you are planning to escape? Don't even think about it, you are going to get buried right here, and she too will have to pay for your crimes!" she said arrogantly, her nose wrinkling and jaw twitching.

It wasn't long before her shouts attracted many. Shen, Sir Giant, Rich, guards, and many more rushed toward the second floor and soon saw the surprising scene.

Vritra was standing there calmly, the guards looked helpless, and on the other side—

"What happened here? How did you get injured so badly?" Shen looked in shock at his wife's condition.

Blood was constantly pouring down her head, her right cheek was already swollen like a ball, and even her nose seemed to be broken.

There was blood on the wall and the ground.

"Shen, this bastard dared to hit me when I just asked him to call Teresa out. Sob, look how badly I am hurt," she instantly ran up to him, crying pitifully.

'Such great acting…' Vritra stared at her in amusement, waiting to see how the others were going to react.

"H- He hit you too?!" Shen unconsciously touched his cheek. Vritra had already slapped him a few times.

❖❖❖