Chapter 469: Haunting Reality

The day passed just like usual, but the odd feeling in Vritra’s heart became more evident.

And running away or hiding wasn’t an option, he planned to target a lord-ranked demon or human next, to increase his strength further.

As the game ended, Vritra and the two women headed back towards their hotel. Shitless, Onest and others also left.

Flying back, Vritra glanced towards Yennefer. The word Death kept flashing before his eyes, but with the protection of Yama she should be able to survive an extra year.

Though that didn’t mean the danger for her had diminished. Then there was Maeve too, and Yasmine... even his increased strength felt inadequate.

Thankfully, Fiona, Diana and Vanessa were safe currently.

They bought some food on their way back and ate dinner together after reaching the hotel.

"Master, did you find anything else?" Maeve asked while munching over a piece of meat.

"No, Rich was just as clueless. Should we... just hide for a while?" Vritra asked, though that would just mean postponing the danger for a while.

"Do not worry, husband, we will fight whatever lay ahead of us together," Yennefer said while giving his hand a light comforting squeeze.

They continued to eat in silence for a while longer.

As Vritra was preparing for the battle ahead, it was evident that the others must be going at it, maybe even harder.

There were too many participants in this battle — Grieves, Bone Blood Cult, the human emperor, dragon emperor, phoenix emperors, the Golden Moon with their strong six seats, Nine Pacts, demons, and who knows what else.

Not choosing a side had the downside of ending up facing both sides, yet Vritra couldn’t just join any of them.

Red and many others wanted him to join them while most just wished to erase his existence.

"Master, don’t think too much about it, relax for now. We will plan it out together," Maeve said, smiling sweetly at him.

Soon the three finished eating.

After a short walk around the hotel, they returned to their bed.

The two snuggled in his arms, tightly clinging to him. Maeve lay on his left while Yennefer on his right, the three talking about random stuff.

"Husband, tomorrow morning I will go and try getting more info from the six seats. They are definitely onto something big," Yennefer said, looking at his charming face up close.

"I will come with you too. There are some demons hidden in the Golden Moon, I will try to get in contact with them," Maeve said. The two hoped to lessen some of his burden.

Just as he wanted to protect them, they wanted to do the same.

"Okay, but be careful, and return if things seem strange," Vritra said, trying to appear relaxed.

Turning his head, he softly kissed Maeve, pressing his lips against hers, then gave Yennefer a kiss.

"Good night, let’s do our best tomorrow as well."

Turning the lights off, the three soon drifted off to sleep, pressed together tightly under the sheets.

***

[D-Day 0]

As the dawn broke, Vritra woke up to welcome yet another peaceful day, finding his two women hugging him in their sleep.

Not wanting to disturb them, Vritra directly teleported out of the bed, but it still ended up waking them.

"Haa... Good morning, master..." Maeve rubbed her sleepy eyes and sat up groggily.

Yennefer too sat up, not appearing as dishevelled as the demoness.

Then the three took a bath together and ended up spending a little more time in there than they expected.

Then Yennefer prepared some breakfast and together, they ate while discussing their plans for the day.

After eating, their day finally started as Vritra got ready to follow the same routine, planning to head to the arena.

"Alright, we will be heading out to get some helpful information." Maeve and Yennefer kissed him and then flew away, wishing to be helpful to him.

"..." Vritra stared at their disappearing figures in silence, then he ordered,

"Knight, protect them in case anything goes wrong."

Just as he ordered, a shadow flew from under his feet, disappearing into the distance.

Although Dark Knight’s strength was still a little lower than theirs, a lord with no sense of fear of death would certainly be useful.

’Sigh... and yet again I forgot to check out that Aurora of the Betrayed. I will definitely do it today and see if I can get any useful information about the 1st mythic halo.’

Vritra thought as he too left the hotel, flying through the mist and approaching the arena.

"The air feels... even different today," Yasmine said, her voice tinged with worry.

’Yeah, but I will no longer be as helpless as before. If they do attack me now, I am sure I can escape, and I will make sure their losses will be extremely high.’

Vritra replied, unconsciously letting out faint traces of his aura that suddenly made the mist a few kilometres around him disappear.

"Let’s head to the Dragon Kingdom tonight. With your current strength, I think we can reach my mother’s room where I will be able to get my body back.

Then I will get my rightful position back as the empress. And not even the Golden Moon would attack us recklessly," Yasmine said, but she was happier about the fact that she would finally and properly meet her husband.

It wasn’t long before Vritra finally arrived close to the arena, but just as he landed outside the door...

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +3}

He paused and glanced to the side, a little surprised to see the family of three whom he had helped the previous day.

Amy, along with her parents, was standing there with a big smile.

{Sin Point Gained: Thanked +3}

"Thank you, sir. I don’t even know how I can ever repay you for what you have done for us."

The man almost knelt but was stopped by Vritra as he began crying and thanking him.

"It’s alright, just make sure to properly pamper this little princess." He patted Amy’s head as the three kept thanking him.

"C-Can I watch the game too?" Amy spoke after a couple of minutes of constant thanking.

"Sure, come with me. I will help you get the best seats inside," Vritra said, gesturing at the three to follow.

"Uh... I-It’s alright, sir, you must be busy with your work, and this is some food she cooked for you." The middle-aged man handed Vritra a lunch box.

"Thank you, I will eat it later. And come inside, it will be fine."

Finally, the parents gave in, and Amy happily held Vritra’s hand as the three headed inside. Still, her father and mother kept thanking him.

"Sob... I was sure I was going to die, I-I can’t thank you enough, sir, you saved our entire family, sob..."

As Vritra entered the arena, he yet again saw the whole place crowded with people; there should be at least 500,000.

But inside the arena, something felt really off. Vritra frowned as he told Amy to stand with her parents and looked around.

Shitless, Onest, Xie or any other demons weren’t there, and then Vritra noticed a haunting detail, even as the crowd of hundreds of thousands kept roaring.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +3}

’Why... just 3?’

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...