Chapter 63: The Green Hat Winner-1

"COUGH COUGH"

Vritra touched his chest, a painful expression on his face as he coughed and a trickle of blood leaked from the corner of his mouth. It seemed he was badly hurt from before.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

"O- Oh sorry, I didn’t mean to do that!! Are you alright?"

Fiona became more and more flustered. She just didn’t want Max to misunderstand, so she had pushed him away without holding her strength.

Vritra slowly stood up. He wiped the blood and spoke weakly: "I- It’s fine, I know it was just an accident..."

Max finally arrived in front of him, his face burning with rage.

How could he allow another man to touch his woman?

Everyone knew that the two were in love, even if they hadn’t started a relationship yet. Even Jack wouldn’t try to get too close to her.

Earlier humiliation plus the guilt from before and the scene just now— all of it came rushing forth.

Seeing Vritra being so weak, Max became even more domineering. He hit Vritra’s shoulder and pushed him back a step as he spoke in a dangerous tone:

"Do you really wish to die? Should I complete what I couldn’t before? How dare you touch her—" In his anger he even confessed his crime.

Max raised his hand to strike out again, but Fiona rushed forward, stopping him from delivering this dangerous strike.

"Max, this is a m- misunderstanding. He was only trying to—" Fiona tried to dissolve the situation peacefully, but her protectiveness of Vritra only made Max angrier.

"Misunderstanding? Wasn’t he holding you just now? Or did you also want that?" Max shouted, his eyes bloodshot. He couldn’t even tolerate any other man touching Fiona.

"N- No, that’s not it—" Fiona could sense that the situation was only getting worse.

"What’s going on here?" Another melodious female voice sounded as a beautiful milf with perfect curves and an angelic face suddenly appeared in front of Vritra.

After seeing this scene from afar, Vanessa had rushed towards them.

Even though she knew that they couldn’t hurt Vritra, how could she allow anyone to treat her son like that? She already got the general idea of the situation.

"..." Max fell silent. After seeing the woman with deadly beauty, for a moment he was dazed by such a dazzling sight. But remembering who it was, he couldn’t speak anything further.

He was actually afraid of Vanessa. It was a deep-rooted fear from back on Earth.

She is a strong and domineering woman, and since he tried to mess with Vritra back then, the life of his family was almost ruined by this woman.

"It’s nothing. I am leaving." Max gave a hateful look to Vritra and began to walk away, after glancing back at Fiona.

Just as the redhead was about to follow, Vanessa spoke to her: "And you, why did you hit him when he was just trying to help you?"

"Ma’am, it was an accident..." Fiona tilted her head downward in shame as she replied.

"M- Mom, it is fine. It’s not her fault." Vritra said while giving her a signal with his eyes that it was nothing more than acting.

Vanessa understood everything, but she still didn’t like Fiona for hitting Vritra. How could she just let such a girl go like this? The hot mommy first helped Vritra and began to walk away.

Then she glanced back for a moment as her eyes glowed pink. The change wasn’t even noticed by Vritra.

But Fiona was affected. A pink hue appeared in her eyes as she slightly began to feel hot.

This kind of attack won’t take effect immediately, but gradually in a few hours, she would become a horny mess.

Shaking her head, Fiona wondered what happened just now. She took a deep breath and walked towards Max.

’It seems Vritra is quite a nice guy.’ Fiona couldn’t help but think.

"Is there really nothing between the two of you?" Max tried not to get angry as he asked directly.

"I swear, he was just helping me and I didn’t even know it was him. There is absolutely nothing between the two of us."

Fiona spoke as honestly as she could. She didn’t want their relationship to end because of such a small misunderstanding.

"Alright, I believe in you. But in the future, stay away from him." Max said possessively.

"Yes, I will." Fiona nodded. She also felt a sense of joy seeing that Max got so jealous just by this. She was completely sure he was also in love with her.

"Hoo... I will come to meet you later today. I have something important to tell you." Max spoke, taking a calming breath.

He felt that he really needed to deepen his relationship with her.

"Okay, I will wait for you then." Fiona nodded, a beautiful smile appearing on her face. She was sure that today was the day he would finally confess.

...

In the distance, Vritra’s lips also curled up as he heard that. How could he let Max have such a nice time in whatever amount of time was left in his life?

Unfortunately, this confession was bound to fail even before it had started.

"Are you really fine?" Vanessa asked, gazing at her son. Earlier, he had asked her to stay in the temple in Diana’s room, that was why she wasn’t hurt in the slightest.

"Of course, Mom. How could I be hurt by the likes of those? Let’s go, I am feeling a little hungry." The two headed towards the temple, chatting calmly as if the destruction around them didn’t bother them in the least bit.

******

All the teenagers who had suddenly lost their house were arranged to stay in the temple, where rooms were just as luxurious if not more.

They chose their rooms in the same order and nothing much seemed to have changed. Most of them just needed to go and buy new clothes.

The day passed quickly. While the process of restoration had already started, all over the capital and even in the entire Dunshire Kingdom, all the people were only talking about that attack.

It was such a hot topic, and those five demons and that person in black clothes had become quite famous within just a few hours.

The castle was being built again, and everything was being repaired.

The news of Arthur, the Golden Knight, spread and shocked all the people even more.

This news also made them panic. If the top warrior of the kingdom was assassinated in mere five to six seconds, then how could they all be safe?

Even the temple wasn’t as peaceful. A lot of people were coming there to get healed, get blessings or potions, or simply to pray for a good future and long lives.

As the darkness filled the sky, most people returned to their rooms early.

They were all tired by the events they had experienced in a rather simple meeting. The temple was mostly silent and dark, except for the occasional patients who came there to get healed.

In this darkness, a boy holding a red rose and wearing a white set of new, clean and beautiful clothes sneaked out of his room and silently made his way towards another room, not too far away.

The boy was in extremely good mood, today was the day that he would get your very first girlfriend; and it is someone desired by almost all the boys but now she would only belong to him or so the boy believed.

______________

Thanks for reading...