Chapter 275: Sweet and Beautiful Surprise

It usually takes a lot of time to cross the enormous forest, not to mention, more than eighty percent of the people don’t even reach their destination, they just disappear.

Vritra didn’t have much to do for the day, and the number of the demons in the Small Forest had reduced to almost zero recently.

It wasn’t a secret that a war was about to break out, and the entire Topaz Kingdom would be affected by it.

Vritra walked into the castle.

A group of strong men had already been selected that would be going on this trip to the White Kingdom to participate in the tournament.

"Since you were so busy earlier, I forgot to mention it, but the surprise I had planned for you is almost ready, so be prepared for it before tonight," Yasmine’s mischievous voice suddenly sounded in his head. Vritra was really curious about this surprise.

’Haa, why do you need to make me wait? Just tell me what it is,’ Vritra said.

"Hehe, don’t be impatient, hubby, you’ll know about it soon," Yasmine said in a mysterious tone.

There wasn’t much happening around the Blue Kingdom. The Grieves didn’t really make any major move even though they had met such a setback and so many of them had just disappeared.

Maybe they still can’t reveal themselves because of the fear of Golden Moon, Divine Kage, and many other strong families and races, so despite the bitter loss, they just accepted it.

Bone Blood Cult also didn’t seem too active here, neither did the Nine Pacts.

After Vritra saw them in the Small Forest, no news of Faceless was heard; they had probably left the kingdom already.

The three demon generals had already left the Blue Kingdom.

They could still contact Vritra and share any sorts of news with him.

Vritra just decided to enjoy the two days of peace.

He spent time with his family, and now that all of them knew about Yasmine, the five of them could even watch various things together.

’Controlling the Misty Essence mythic halo seems quite easy. Maybe it is because I am already controlling Nihil-Anima, but I am yet to try the effect of this new mythic halo in a fight yet,’ Vritra thought while watching a new series on the TV along with the others.

It was a zombie series. Yasmine had heard about several things about Earth, and zombies were certainly one of them.

She was the most excited to watch it.

Although zombies do not exist in this world, there is a race that is quite similar to them but a lot more dangerous.

Diana hadn’t heard much about zombies.

She was like a little girl as she kept asking lots of questions.

When she looked at Vritra, she felt like he was such a treasure and cursed herself for ever trying to kill him.

He is a walking theatre.

After having lunch, all of them watched the zombie series together, and for these two days, there was no training, so they could binge-watch as much as they wanted.

Although Vritra was displaying it all from his memory, seeing it with all four of the women made it so much fun.

...

The entire day passed rather quickly, and finally the sky had turned dark. Vritra ate dinner and told the others that he needed to go out for a while.

The women were busy with their unending conversation as Vritra flew out of the castle. He glanced at his Sin points and felt a bit disappointed; the number was too low.

"Sigh, and I need thirty million points for the upgrade. How am I going to get so many points?" Vritra muttered. His strength was already at the 2nd Legion rank, but it was not enough.

Throwing all this out of his mind for now, Vritra flew higher into the sky and anticipated what his wifey’s surprise might be. He was getting more and more curious.

"So, hubby, are you ready for the surprise I promised?" Yasmine asked as she flew out, her size a quarter of her original, and a playful glint in her eyes.

"Yes, please don’t make me wait anymore, I might really go crazy thinking what it might be," Vritra said.

"Okay, can you close your eyes for a moment?" Yasmine said.

Vritra nodded and closed his eyes, and after a moment, Yasmine’s voice sounded again, and it was quite close to his ear.

"You can open your eyes now... hubby."

Opening his eyes, Vritra was really startled as he found Yasmine hovering so close to him, and the surprising part was that she was no longer in her dragon form.

Her body was still translucent and resembled the blurry image that Vritra had seen when going through her memories, but Yasmine had transformed into her human-like form.

She wore a brownish dress, her long hair flowing down beautifully.

Since it was still a soul body, it was quite hard to clearly see her, but Vritra was still entranced when he looked at her face. She looked a lot more beautiful than what the rumors suggested.

Her curves, that teasing smile, and luscious red lips—Yasmine looked way too gorgeous. Vritra might be a bit biased, but he would clearly put Yasmine in the first place in terms of charms; she was just so perfect.

"You look beautiful, wifey, so, so beautiful..." Vritra extended his right hand to touch her cheek. Although the feel was nothing like touching a real body, he was still incredibly happy that he could touch her.

A soul body couldn’t actually be touched, but Yasmine used her ability to make it so that she could interact with the real world, and so Vritra could touch her.

"Did you like my surprise, hubby?" Yasmine asked, her lips curling into a smile as she watched the change in his expression.

Her heart was full of sweetness and love, seeing the joy in Vritra’s eyes at such a simple surprise.

"Yes, I love it. I love you, wifey. You have just motivated me to do whatever it takes to bring you back into your body. You are really gorgeous..." Vritra said as he hugged her.

The sensation of touching a soul body was slightly like touching a soap bubble; he couldn’t feel her warmth.

"Sigh, but it’s a pity that I can’t stay in this form for too long currently. Ten or so minutes is my limit for now," Yasmine said as she pulled back slightly and looked into Vritra’s eyes.

Vritra grabbed her hand and flew away at high speed, going in the direction of the Small Forest without saying a word.

Yasmine wondered where they were going, but she just followed silently along.

It wasn’t long before they entered the forest, and within seconds, Yasmine heard the sound of water, and soon they arrived close to a beautiful waterfall.

The surroundings were filled with pretty flowers. Despite the dangerous environment in the Small Forest, this place felt like such a safe haven.

Vritra flew towards the edge of the waterfall and sat close to it, his feet hanging over the high cliff as he pulled Yasmine and made the beautiful and hot dragon lady sit over his lap.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...