Chapter 237: Peak!!

Vritra carefully observed the damage he had caused, the Evil-Veyll God Essence had truly become a lot stronger, but now he could only use it one more time before it is full again.

"That removed their human bodies but the Grieves would be even stronger now, and they won’t fall for the same tricks again." Vritra mumbled as he came out of the fourth dimension.

After the Shift was deactivated, his body entered a state of weakness but it only lasted a few seconds since he had used it for just a moment.

Ignoring the pope for now, he gazed at the large group of people who had barely managed to protect themselves against the storm of wild energy that could destroy their bodies within moments.

"How interesting, what else are you hiding?" the pope spoke. He still didn’t take Vritra seriously.

Wiping the blood from the corner of his lips, Vritra clutched the axes and flashed behind the group of Grieves who were still fending off the raging energy storm.

Releasing a thunderous roar, he charged into the group of Grieves and swung the axes around with all his might, again pouring all his stat points into strength with Shift.

His primary goal was to gain as many levels as he could and reach the peak of 1st Legion rank, and that goal wasn’t too far. It was like he was back in that labyrinth, surrounded by large hordes of Grieves, tearing their bodies apart with the axes.

BAANNNGGGGG!!

WHOOOSH

The blade of the axe cut off the top of one man as his brain was split in half, then Vritra poured the demon lord’s energy into his body, destroying it to pieces.

Without stopping for a second, he moved at extreme speed as his hands turned into a blur and the large axes felt as if they had become a part of his body. Vritra was already covered in red blood.

But just after he had killed a dozen or so of them, they started to notice Vritra. And the ones who were getting killed were reverting back to their original form, out of the human shell.

"Extract!!"

Vritra shouted as he took in a deep breath and the invisible flames spread all across the sky as they devoured every person killed by Vritra, even if their bodies were turned into minced meat.

The ten stars had already reverted to their original form; they were grey fog-like figures with a silhouette quite similar to humans, except for their height, which was around seven feet or slightly above.

Their bodies weren’t made of smoke even if they looked like it, they possessed a solid body just like most other living forms.

Even the human bodies these ten stars had left behind were raised into Soul Wraiths along with more than a hundred members from the large group.

Vritra had to pour a vast amount of energy to raise so many strong soul wraiths at once.

Even with Suck! Suck! Suck!, Superior Mana Recovery Boost, and Shift working in the background, Vritra was exhausted and felt his head spin for a moment. But he quickly took out the best mana regeneration potions from his inventory and took several long breaths as his energy soon began to recover.

Vritra directly made the newly raised Soul Wraiths attack the group of humans while he retreated to the back. He watched as the soul wraiths started attacking the humans; those ten rings’ soul wraiths were especially powerful, easily killing any human they came across.

"Oh, is that... Nihil-Anima? How can he possess such a Mythic halo? Just who is he exactly to possess so many secrets and powers at such a level?" the pope mumbled.

He didn’t really care even if Vritra destroyed all the human shells; they could always get new ones, and their work here was almost done anyway.

Instead, he was getting to see such incredible abilities, so it was worth it. But the pope still couldn’t understand if Vritra was a human, a dragon, or a demon.

The sight was extremely bloody; limbs, organs, and flesh were scattered all over the place, and an air of death lingered across the battlefield.

As more and more humans were dying, they were reverting back to their true form and their strength was rising rapidly. It wasn’t long before, except for the pope, all the others had reverted to their true forms.

Vritra panted slightly while a large army of more than three hundred Soul Wraiths floated around him. He had raised them all to Soul Wraiths and had used way too much energy.

In front of him was the pope along with more than three hundred Grieves who were at their full power. His plan had succeeded initially, but the danger now had increased exponentially. But...

『

Name: Vritra Arclis

Level: 1,999 (1st Legion rank) (Paused)

Class: Dust Lord (Rank: A) [SSS+(?)]

Title: The Cursed Hunter [Level 10]

Race: Demon (Origin), Dragon

Mana: 205,305 / 324,300

Vitality: 100%

Stats:

Strength: 33,848 (+1,000)

Agility: 39,990 (+1,000)

Endurance: 31,967 (+1,000)

Intelligence: 34,511 (+1,000)

Mana: 32,430 (+1,000)

Luck: 512

[Allocation points: 2,030]

』

’I don’t think they would be kind enough to give me a little time so I can enter the 2nd Legion rank.’ Vritra thought. Although the Grieves’ expressions seemed strange, he could tell they were extremely angry.

He had tortured them all, even if it wasn’t enough to kill or seriously injure them.

"Let me buy some time for you, we would have a better chance at winning or holding on until Fiona comes out." Yasmine suggested. The fight going forward was going to be extremely dangerous.

’Wait a little longer.’ Vritra said. He glanced back at his dead soldiers and knew that in their current state they wouldn’t be of much help, so the best bet was to let them devour one another.

’Ghoul, hurry up.’ Vritra sent a mental message while the soul wraiths behind him started to devour one another. Vritra floated forward and stopped in front of the pope.

"Why don’t you go back to your original form? This looks too ugly on you." Vritra said, while forming various kinds of scenarios in his mind.

But right now his greatest weakness was the fact that he barely knew anything about them, and this put him at a big disadvantage.

"You truly are interesting, but playtime is over. If we weren’t in a hurry to get that inheritance, I would have loved to entertain you a little longer. But now we will have to cut our fun show short." The pope spoke as he raised his hand above his head, and a glyph formed in front of his palm.

Vritra couldn’t understand what he was going to do, but in the next moment a blinding light engulfed everything, and then both of his arms and legs were tightly wrapped around by countless invisible threads.

It all happened so suddenly that Vritra had no time to move or dodge, his body was completely frozen.

"Now, please just wait there a little for me. I need to get something from inside. Hmmm... it seems someone has entered ahead of us. So there was actually a Phoenix in the Blue Kingdom... no wonder it opened in such a place."

The Pope spoke as his gaze shifted between Vritra and the large door, a big smile spreading across his face.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...