Chapter 598 Clean up

Sir Giant rushed to save Tiny once again from the raging monster, desperation filling his eyes.

But just as he reached close, once again, goop bound to his feet and pulled him back, stopping him at just the last moment.

"Aaaaah S- Save me uwaaaa-"

BOOOM!

Again, the same scene played out as she turned into minced meat under the monster's feet, dying a gruesome death.

Yet again, Sir Giant felt like dying as he screamed in despair, and Vritra just watched the scene in satisfaction.

But it was far from over, as Tiny once again pleaded for her father and great grandfather to save her.

Sir Giant couldn't understand what was happening nor did he have the time, but he just wanted to save her.

Again and again, Tiny kept dying, sometimes getting devoured, sometimes just getting stomped.

Vritra tortured the old man mentally, after just a few experiences he looked even older.

"SOB What are you d- doing? Please I b- beg you, don't hurt her. J- Just kill me…" Sir Giant pleaded as he once again saw Tiny die.

"Haha yes, so far all of them have been mere illusions, but from now on be careful.

I will no longer stop you so save her if you can, oh also, any of the illusions just might be reality." He spoke and turned his gaze away.

And then, Sir Giant rushed forward, barely protecting Tiny only to find the cycle repeat.

His heart was full of dread because of Vritra's words, after all any of this could be real.

Vritra left Sir Giant to keep trying, this much payback was enough, and just like he had planned, he didn't kill them.

Looking at the Golden Moon, most of whose seats were already dead, Vritra pondered.

And soon his gaze landed on Big Guy, who was shivering in the hall, praying that Vritra wouldn't find him.

"Hey big guy, how you doing?" Vritra instantly flashed away, appearing before the frightened seat.

"V- Vritra? How are you still alive?" he couldn't help but ask, there was no point in fighting so he didn't even try.

"Does that really matter?" he asked, but then Fiona appeared.

"Darling, let me take care of this one." She was furious at all these people for hurting Vritra and almost killing him.

For separating them for so long, if she had enough strength before, she would have burned down the entire Golden Moon before.

"Hmm alright, just don't make it take long." He said stepping back, as Fiona's body got covered by blood-red flames.

"Of course, just let me handle this." She spoke, and soon began to torture the big guy who begged and couldn't even commit suicide.

Vritra looked around, there were still a few people who weren't here yet, like Red and that demon glutton.

He planned to kill them later, for now he decided to clean up the human trash, the present members of the Twilight.

With a snap of his finger, all members of Twilight started to float. It was actually quite easy to find them, they all had the same exact stench.

"Ahhhhh S- Spare us, we did n- nothing wrong"

"L- Lord Vritra, we are on the same side!! We aren't with these people aaaaah"

All those people screamed in terror, completely losing any control of their bodies, and were pulled away from the crowd.

Vritra rolled his eyes, just because he is a demon, does that put him at the same level as these scum?

"Oh, you think we are equal or I am like you people?" he instantly pulled the person forward, his terrifying gaze piercing directly into his soul.

"A- Aahhhh I didn't mean- uwaaaaaaah" in the next instant his body was thrown away, as the big monster jumped and caught him like a dog.

Then he tore his limbs, slowly munching on him as the man continued to scream.

Vritra felt no pity for such waste, they had tortured and killed so many people.

The lives of others were nothing in their eyes, following illusory goals, they harmed everyone.

Calling another person forward, Vritra looked into his eyes and asked:

"How many people have you killed before?"

"Uh… I- I don't know SOB please I am innocent sir, spare me… I have a daughter and a wife, SOB I am begging you-"

Vritra shook his head and threw him away.

"Wrong answer."

Instantly the monster caught him and began feasting, internally Oracle was disgusted and broken, he just wanted everything to end.

But the one who would suffer the most among all these people was certainly him, his torture hadn't even properly begun.

Vritra threw many other people towards Oracle, as the others saw their fate, they started to break.

"Who among you has killed the most?" Vritra asked as he pulled another floating figure forward.

"I- I please, SOB it was him, he killed the most SOB please let me go, I really-"

Vritra nodded, and gave him a quick death then looked at the person who was the leader of this team.

After a moment, he pulled all ten or so remaining members of the Twilight, these people would be useful later on.

He threw them to the side, making it impossible for them to even speak.

He looked around and found that aside from Oracle, everyone had received their punishment.

"I guess, it is time to start." Vritra mumbled as his gaze landed on the monster who was still munching on flesh.

Oracle was already done killing the members of Twilight he had thrown.

With a snap of Vritra's finger, the monster's body exploded as all muscles and veins blasted apart.

Terrifying roars filled the hall as Oracle cried and screamed in pain, filling all the people in the hall with fear.

Those painful screams were like music to his ears, he smiled while watching as the giant figure slowly started to shrink.

Oracle returned to his human form but looked extremely weak, his skin was shrivelled up and there was barely any mana in his body.

His mana core was also broken, all his strength was already gone.

"Oracle, how do you feel?" Vritra smiled, watching the ugly figure.

But the poor thing couldn't even speak, so the kind Vritra took out a bottle of powerful healing potion and dropped it over Oracle's head.

And within a minute, his body visibly healed, he looked at Vritra with hate, fear, despair and many more emotions, but was helpless.

Of course the biggest feeling of all was regret, he regretted meeting this monster and going against him.

Feeling that even death would be a mercy.

"Now that's a look I like, alright since you behaved well as my pet, I will give you a reward and send you off with a unique experience."

Vritra said with a kind smile on his face which terrified Oracle even more.

He wanted to plead and beg for death, but couldn't speak in front of this terrifying devil.

Compared to a few years back, his presence was extremely terrifying.

He couldn't even fathom how strong Vritra had gotten in such a small time, and how he did it.

Not caring about his thoughts, Vritra looked towards the survivors from the Twilight.

And Oracle had a really bad feeling in his heart, he prayed again and again that the Divine Kage would come here and save him.

This demon could still be killed by the god's punishment right?

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...