Chapter 158: Demon

Finally, Vritra’s body was formed, and it had completely surpassed its peak state. The Demon Lord’s energy was locked away, and he lay unconscious in the crater.

With a jolt, everyone seemed to come out of their trance-like state, as some shook their heads and others rubbed their eyes at such a scene—watching a person actually come back from the dead.

Not just that, after the rebirth, it seemed his body had completely transformed and he no longer looked like a human.

There were two horns over his head, his skin looking even more pale and smooth, and his muscles more refined. His black hair had grown longer.

"He has the core in his body—we have to take it back," Silquor spoke in haste. The others planned to steal it, so they had to make the first move.

Vritra was very weak, and in his unconscious state, he was just waiting to be killed again after his rebirth. But right now, Blunder had the highest chances of obtaining it because of the barrier.

The three were in a state of stalemate. They looked at one another and waited for someone to make a move—after all, whoever moved first would have the least chance of obtaining the core and the highest chances of dying.

[Elegy Parasite awakened.]

Since the danger had not been removed yet, the parasite instantly continued with its plan. Now, everyone clearly saw those tiny vein-like black lines spreading all over Vritra’s body.

Then his eyes shot open, completely consumed by darkness. While watching this scene, everyone began to feel anxious—they were sure Vritra wasn’t awake, but then what was controlling him?

Then, under all the eyes, Vritra’s body slowly began to rise, as if being pulled by invisible strings; his torso was pulled up first as he rose in such an unnatural manner.

As Vritra got on his feet, his body slumped forward slightly. Then he straightened, his head tilted upwards, and took a long breath.

"Something is not right. How about we get rid of this anomaly first before we fight for the Demon Lord’s core?" Faceless suggested. Seeing those pitch-black eyes without a tinge of white, he had a bad feeling in his heart.

"Hah, what’s there to decide? That core belongs to us, so we will be the one to get it. Anyone who doesn’t think so will have to prove their resolve with their lives," Thaddeus roared.

"Stupid demon, this is not the time to fight among ourselves—we have to remove that unpredictable factor first," Faceless added, feeling frustrated.

"Hey, don’t forget to let me join in the fun. Whatever you are planning to do, I would be the end winner anyway—hahahaha!"

Blunder shot his head back and laughed. He didn’t take Vritra seriously at all. He believed that if he could kill Vritra once, then he could do so a second, third, fourth, and as many times as he wanted.

While the major parties were busy chattering, another change began to take place in the crater.

[Switch Activated.]

[Switch: Demonification (1%)]

Instantly, demonic energy flooded out of the core and entered his body. But unlike before, it was no longer like a poison to him. Vritra’s body had completely transformed. Every organ, cell, bone—everything had changed into something that didn’t exist.

Something that shouldn’t exist.

But even at 1%, the energy of the Demon Lord was still very potent, while Vritra’s level was too low. Normally it would have still been harmful to him, but as the demonic energy flowed through his blood and veins—

Both the hearts began to work rapidly as they pumped that energy and channelled it all over his body. A dark purplish mist began to rise from his body as his veins glowed and seemed to be under intense pressure.

His aura rose quickly, instantly surpassing the Legion rank within moments. The entire space inside the barrier seemed to be consumed by that aura. The sudden change caught everyone off guard, and they were shocked that Vritra was actually able to use the energy of a Demon Lord. He was no longer human.

Aside from the top powers, all of the thousands of men suffocated under the dense pressure. Vritra looked more like a demon than those demon generals—especially with those pitch-black, hollow eyes.

A sense of danger spread across the whole place. The sound of Vritra’s two hearts thumping could be heard as, within moments, his body seemed to have undergone a major change.

"Fuck, he is going to—" Faceless was just shouting when Vritra suddenly disappeared from his position, his presence completely gone from the battlefield.

Even though he was being controlled by that parasite right now, it could make use of every ability available to him—whether it be Fourth Dimension, Suck! Suck! Suck!, or anything else.

The five men in black clothes from the Nine Pacts became vigilant and scanned the surroundings but couldn’t find him anywhere.

Vritra’s agility had surpassed most of the people present in this space. He didn’t target the Bone Blood Cult first—after all, they were keeping up the barrier, which would provide a benefit to him by making everyone else weaker.

FWOOSH

The first man among the five from Nine Pacts suddenly felt something lightly touching his head as Vritra appeared behind him. His right hand was raised, and he placed the tips of the five fingers gently over his head.

It was as if time itself had paused for a moment. The first man had just sensed Vritra’s presence and was filled with a dreadful feeling. This was too absurd—he shouldn’t even be Legion ranked, and all of a sudden he was displaying such a level of combat.

TAP

His pinky finger was raised slightly, and then he tapped over his head. With a loud crunching sound, his neck twisted, and the man’s head was rotated by a complete 180°. His face held a terrified expression as he finally got to look at the emotionless face of the demon.

His neck twisted with a sickening crack, spinning all the way around.

Bone pierced through the skin at the base, tendons snapped like cords, and torn veins sprayed blood across Vritra’s body—only to disappear upon coming into contact with the purple aura rising around his body. His head hung backward, eyes wide open with shock and fear.

Killing people who had reached the Legion rank is extremely difficult. Even if their heads are cut off, they won’t die so easily—especially people who had reached the 2nd Legion rank or 3rd Legion rank, or in other words, people over level two thousand or three thousand and so on.

It was even more difficult to kill them. Even if their body is destroyed, they would survive. Just take Yasmine, for example, who was able to survive even after her body was destroyed and her soul was severely injured—but her level was exceptionally high.

The five people who had followed Faceless here all had levels between two thousand to three thousand. They were all at the 2nd Legion rank.

BOOOOM!!

So even though the first man’s neck was twisted, he still wasn’t dead. Vritra lightly squeezed his fingers—and the man’s head exploded instantly, creating a bloody cloud of flesh, blood, and brain pieces.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...