Chapter 253: Wild Imagination

"You have already lost your chance of leaving me, now even if you want, I won’t let you go. So just remove the thought that you aren’t important to me or that for whatever reason we can’t be in the future.

Just take your time. I won’t start disliking you just because we haven’t had sex yet. Believe me, all your worries are for naught."

Vritra spoke in a gentle tone, he wanted to have a close relation with his women in which they could understand each other without even saying anything.

"Mmm..." Fiona nodded, feeling his arm tightening around her waist, she felt protected and loved.

Changing the topic, he asked: "Should I bring stronger demons for you, since it seems with your current strength these demons are nothing?"

"Yes, I think I can fight beginning 1st Legion rank demons now. Oh right, I forgot to mention it before, but I heard about some Phoenix Realm inside that inheritance ground and the first Phoenix Queen wanted me to go there." She replied, looking up at his face while hugging him just as tightly.

"And did you receive some sort of map or something?" Vritra asked. It is better to always be cautious in such matters which consist of the unknown.

"No, she said the fire will lead you." Fiona replied. She didn’t really care about that, she would just go wherever Vritra goes.

They talked for a while longer and then Fiona resumed her training. Vritra closed his eyes and decided to take a nap since he planned to go out at night.

Several hours passed just like that, while watching their training Vritra would take out the soul potions and drink them casually. It wasn’t long before he had finished drinking all of the soul potions.

Not only was his soul growing stronger rapidly but Nihil-Anima and Yasmine were recovering faster. The soul potions from the demon generals had ended, but he would soon be getting more from the king.

The day passed quite peacefully without any disturbance. Vritra did hear the news about the disappearance of more than three hundred people from the temple.

The Golden Moon was still looking for them, for Vritra, and for Nine Pacts, but failed at all the tasks. There was even news about a certain monk who had wrecked havoc across the city; the guards were constantly trying to catch him.

After having dinner, they returned to their rooms. Vritra informed Vanessa about his trip and then he walked out of the room. He paused in front of Diana’s room and knocked.

KNOCK KNO-

Before he could even knock twice, the door opened as if the goddess had been waiting to hear that sound for days. She looked outside with hopeful eyes and was overjoyed to see that it really was Vritra.

She was wearing a beautiful blue dress that made her milky skin glow even more. Diana looked really beautiful.

"I am ready, let’s go." She said as she stepped out and closed the door behind her, not even waiting for him to speak.

Vritra: "..."

"I haven’t even asked anything yet."

"We are going to look at that part of the forest for the inheritance, aren’t we? I am ready to accompany you there, or did you call me here for something else?" Diana asked, really hoping to go out with him.

It was dark outside and the two of them would be all alone in the desolate part of the forest, and then Vritra, having complete control over her body, could do anything to her. He could remove her clothes, spank her, ravage her body, and much more.

{Sin Point Gained: Expectant +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Lusted after +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Tempted +1}

...

Just thinking of her helpless situation, the goddess was getting really excite—cough afraid, but the poor Diana couldn’t even reject him. She could only follow him happily—cough unwillingly.

"... Yeah, let’s go." Vritra looked strangely at the fast-changing expressions of the goddess, ignoring the messages. Something dirty was definitely cooking in that small head of hers.

"Can you fly?" Vritra remembered and asked. He hadn’t seen her do that before.

"Yes, I am a goddess and that is but one minor ability of mine." Diana replied, shrugging.

Vritra grabbed her soft hand as he nodded towards her and started flying.

But the goddess’s imagination was going wild just from the touch of his hand. She had seen him hold Fiona’s and Vanessa’s hands and had always felt jealous, wondering if it really felt that good.

’This is nice...’ the goddess could barely hide her smile as the two flew high into the sky and left the castle, heading towards the misty essence inheritance at fast speed.

She gazed at Vritra secretly, looking at his face that was still in disguise, then shifting her gaze down to his body. She could almost see him naked as she remembered their intimate moments previously.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Undressed Secretly +1}

"..." Vritra completely ignored the messages. This goddess was becoming too lustful, he wondered if it was the right choice to keep her starving till now.

That part of the forest was a bit far away from their current location, so he decided to just fly there, and currently, he didn’t really have to fear many in the Blue Kingdom.

Not to mention, the ability to fly isn’t rare so most would just ignore them even if someone noticed their presence.

It wasn’t long before they finally arrived at their destination. After entering the forest, Vritra flew close to the mountain and still didn’t see any change.

’Sigh, how long is this going to take? I am starting to wonder if it’s even going to open ever.’ Vritra felt disappointed, he really wanted to get his hands on another mythic halo.

Plus, no one knows about this inheritance, so getting it won’t be as hard.

"Has it not appeared yet?" Diana asked, gazing at her dark surroundings. She scanned the forest and sighed in relief after not sensing anyone around.

{Sin Point Gained: Expectant +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Craved +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Obsessed +1}

...

The field was clear and at any time Vritra would pounce on her. Diana was starting to get excite—afraid as the moment of helplessness approached.

’I wonder what he will do to me today.’

"Yes, it hasn’t yet. Now let’s go back." Vritra said, looking at her face.

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Disappointed +1}

"Sigh, fine, do whatever you want—huh wait? We are just going to go back?" Diana had definitely not expected that. She even thought that checking the inheritance was just an excuse to finally go all the way.

"Hmm, what do you mean? Did you want to go somewhere else before heading back home?" Vritra spoke, torturing her even more.

Diana finally couldn’t keep her desires hidden, she was too desperate. Her entire body was begging for his touch. Even in her dreams, she would always see him making love to her—after all, she had imagined it countless times.

"What about the punishment? I think I need it, and what we didn’t continue last time—can we do it now? I- I need punishment, please punish me.

I need to taste you again. Why are you pushing me away? Before, you would make me drink that without even asking, but now..." Diana let out all her thoughts at once, not caring about her image.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...