Chapter 398: World Information Centre

Right after returning to the continent, the first thing that Yennefer did was to make several public announcements.

First, about the fake marriage, she spread the truth: that in reality it was just the emperor’s plan to capture a demon lord named Raelion.

Of course, this news was going to bring quite a lot of trouble for the emperor, and might even break his relation with several power figures, since he literally used them all as nothing more than baits, putting the lives of all guests in danger.

After the revelation of the fake marriage, she announced that she was going to break her engagement with the emperor, and that it never actually meant anything.

Thirdly, she had severed ties with her family, which was the sole reason why she was tied with so many boundaries, and even had to get engaged to the emperor.

Anyone she ever cared for had already died quite a long time ago, so it no longer mattered; she was just connected to them through the memory of her family.

Yet her family was leeching off Yennefer because of her strength and her status as the empress. This announcement would definitely pull the status of the entire family down and would decrease their strength greatly.

Lastly, Yennefer spread a few of the emperor’s secrets that would keep him busy for a while and in trouble, which might give Vritra some relaxing time.

Each and every word she said spread throughout the continent like wildfire. The emperor, who was already dealing with his brother’s death, was shocked by the storm of news.

Not only did Yennefer leave him completely, she even threw him into so much trouble.

Darius was surrounded with problems from all sides; many of the guests with high authority and statuses kept asking him for explanations.

The storm of the world was slowly brewing.

***

[D-Day 17]

While staring at Vritra, at some point, Maeve fell asleep as his leveling up continued for hours, and just like that, the dawn of the next day had appeared.

Away from all the trouble of the continent, the two stayed in the peace of the dimensional book.

As Vritra’s level rose rapidly, various sorts of changes were occurring around him, whether it be dust, space, or time—all of them were influenced.

Finally, Vritra opened his eyes as he finished absorbing the empty 10th legion rank stone; his strength was incomparably high.

"Congrats, hubby, well that was fast." Yasmine’s voice was the first thing that he heard, sounding relaxing and soothing.

’Hmm. Still it is far from enough. Until I am confident enough to scare all the dragons and can go to the dragon kingdom, I won’t be satisfied,’ Vritra said, as his strength grew, even his abilities getting stronger.

First, he decided to have a look at his status panel.

『 Name: Vritra Arclis

Level: 10,000 [100%] (General rank)

Class: Dust Lord (Rank: S) [SSS+(?)]

Title: The Cursed Hunter [Level 10]

Vitality: 100%

Mana: 6,556,430/6,556,430

Stats:

Strength: 655,000

Agility: 705,543

Endurance: 654,364 (LOCKED)

Intelligence: 721,283

Mana: 655,643

Luck: 512

[Allocation points: 334,700]

』

"Oh!" Vritra looked at the large jump in his stats; they had increased by more than three times.

Those large numbers looked quite nice.

Then he decided to distribute the allocation points in his usual manner.

『

Stats:

Strength: 655,000

Agility: 785,953

Endurance: 654,364 (LOCKED)

Intelligence: 935,573

Mana: 655,643

Luck: 512

[Allocation points: 0]

』

"Hmm. That’s perfect now. I would love to go to the dragon kingdom, but so many people are already searching for me," Vritra pondered.

"But since the emperor is currently here, then wouldn’t sneaking in be easier? What do you think, wifey?" he questioned.

"Even so, it won’t be safe. Who knows how much that place has changed after I left? The defenses and whatnot might be even stronger now," Yasmine replied, even though she wanted to be with Vritra as soon as possible.

But for that, she didn’t want him to be in danger.

After a moment, she added:

"Let’s deal with the trouble here first. Nine Pacts, Bone Blood Cult, Golden Moon, Grieves, the emperor himself, and many more are after you. I think we already have enough on our plate."

While the two were having a chat, the demoness finally stirred awake from her sleep.

"Mmm. Are you finally done?" she rubbed her eyes and yawned, sitting up and stretching.

"Yeah, so it is time to part ways. Can you remove that pact now?" Vritra asked, hoping not to get too attached to her.

"Oof, Master, I think something is wrong with my heart. Ugh, I think I need a few more days of healing still," Maeve pretended while clutching her chest and lying back on the bed, rolling around.

"Sigh. I know you are already fine, so you can stop pretending. Fine, you can stay a bit longer with me," Vritra decided to compromise before asking.

"Do you know of any place in the continent which can sell us any sort of news?"

"Of course. If you want, I can bring you to the personal information sources of various races—even demons—or—" Maeve replied happily.

"Just bring me somewhere I can get whatever info I desire and... it is cheaper," Vritra said.

Although he had gathered quite a lot of wealth, info could be really expensive and might just cost all his money.

"Don’t worry, the place we will be going to will be completely free for you. Let’s go," Maeve said as she changed her appearance back to a little girl and flew out of the window.

Even she didn’t notice that they were inside the dimensional book.

Vritra stood up as he too disguised himself as a middle-aged man.

Then the two landed over the road. The place looked rather lively, but more than ordinary folks, the guards flooded the streets.

"ALL OF YOU, GET BACK IN YOUR HOUSES AND CLOSE YOUR SHOPS! THE WHOLE CONTINENT WILL BE SHUT FOR 2 DAYS!"

"ANYONE SEEN OUTSIDE DURING THIS TIME WILL BE ARRESTED AND, IN THE WORST CASE, WILL BE EXECUTED.

I REPEAT, WE ARE SEARCHING FOR A DEMON, SO ALL OF YOU NEED TO GET BACK IN YOUR HOUSES!"

Vritra and Maeve stopped together. They wondered if it was because of the murder of the prince or if something else had happened while they were away.

"Let’s hurry; that place isn’t too far," Maeve spoke as she grabbed Vritra’s hand and pulled him along.

All the people were closing their shops and rushing back into their houses. The guards already seemed ready to start attacking them.

’Is Darius doing this to stop the flow of information, or is there some other reason behind it?’ Vritra wondered while walking hurriedly alongside the demoness.

While avoiding the guards, the two quickly walked into one of the alleys, though a few guards noticed them and followed behind.

"Tch. These bugs, with that puny strength, they dare to be so arrogant," Maeve seemed quite angry as she sensed the group of guards chasing after them into the empty alley.

"Give me a moment, Master. I will get rid of them," Maeve said as she let go of his hand and turned around. Her eyes glowed with a pinkish light as flower petals began to float in the air.

"Who is there? Stop!" one man among the group of six shouted, getting ready to attack.

"Huh? There is a little girl and a man. Where are you going? Haven’t you heard of the announcement?" another of the two asked.

But they were surprised upon seeing the flower petals. Then they became dazed; without Maeve saying a word, they turned around and began walking back.

Maeve smiled and hurried back to Vritra’s side. Then she leaned towards him and spoke: "Master, did I do good?"

Vritra’s lips stretched into a thin line, seeing her act like this, especially in this disguise.

After a few seconds, he rolled his eyes and patted her head, saying: "Yeah, you did great. Let’s leave now."

Then she grabbed his hand and started pulling him along. After taking several turns, she entered a rundown house only to arrive in another dark alley.

After running around for nearly twenty more minutes, they finally stopped in front of a building that looked like a big igloo.

"And we are here, Master," Maeve said, pointing at the igloo.

Vritra looked at the building; at the top of it were three words:

WORLD INFORMATION CENTRE

"And which race does this place belong to?" Vritra questioned. There was nothing special in its surroundings.

"This place isn’t limited by races or languages. Anyone with enough connection and authority can get the information here for a certain price," Maeve said, then she added proudly: "But I just happen to be a high-ranked member of this organisation, so you don’t need to spend even a bronze coin here."

Maeve began walking towards the entrance, and Vritra followed.

Even the door seemed to be made of snow.

KNOCK KNOCK

After knocking, Maeve waited. After a moment, a high-pitched voice sounded from inside.

"KNOCK KNOCK, who is there?"

Maeve frowned, showing an embarrassed expression: "Open the door before I break it."

"Ding, wrong answer, two attempts left."

"You pigs, open it before I cut you to pieces."

"Ding, wrong answer, one attempt left," the same voice said from inside.

"..."

Vritra wondered what the password was that she was so against speaking.

"Open it now!"

Her aura burst out, shaking the entire igloo. The panicked voice of the person inside came in haste as the door opened.

"F-Forgive us, m-madam, please go inside." The two looked like dwarves but more childish, bowing deeply.

"Let’s go, Master~" Maeve finally smiled, taking his hand and strolling inside.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...