Chapter 335: The Dangerous Showdown

GRRAAAAARRRRRR!!

Land over dozens of meters was destroyed as the red abomination swung its long tail, leaving a deep cut on his chest.

Vritra barely managed to dodge the attack. After using the forbidden on it a few times, the skills stopped having any effect on the creature.

HUFF HUFF

On one hand, the strength of the creature was increasing with its transformation while Vritra was getting slower and weaker; even his skills were becoming useless against the monster.

Predicting the creature’s moves and moving his body to the limits, Vritra was just keeping himself alive; kicking at the knife at every chance he got.

Unless someone hurt the eyes of these RipMaws, these creatures don’t really care about their defense; otherwise, Vritra wouldn’t even have the slightest chance of defeating it.

But they were unsuccessful products after all.

SPLASH

More blood spluttered on the ground as Vritra coughed but didn’t let it hinder his movements.

He jumped high and twisted his body in the air before punching the knife with all his strength and then jumping away.

Vritra kept moving the stats rapidly between his three stats based on the situation.

His clothes and body were completely drenched in his blood. It’s already been four hours since the fight started, but even with his strength increased, Vritra was truly reaching his limits.

’Forbid: The ground under red abomination is sticky.’ Vritra ordered, observing the creature with his Nether eye and predicting its move through the movements of the abomination’s muscles.

[Forbidden Activated.]

All of a sudden, the abomination’s balance broke as the ground under its feet suddenly became very sticky.

Vritra made use of this chance as he pounced forward.

Adrenaline was rushing through his veins, making the exhaustion and pain effec­t-less.

BANG

Vritra once again kicked the big knife, pushing it slightly deeper into the creature’s body, but before he could create some distance, the abomination slashed at his right leg.

The cut was deep, but thankfully Vritra was able to move before his leg could be cut off completely.

He was barely keeping himself together, while using the intra shuffle to not die from blood loss.

"Hubby, how you doinggggg—What the fuck?!!"

Yasmine had just woken up after a two-day sleep, and she was simply shocked to see the scene in front of her.

Vritra was fighting such a dangerous creature, and the condition of his body was really, really bad right now.

The fact that he was still able to move was already a miracle.

’Well hello, as you can see—’ Vritra moved back to create some distance, then he entered his disappearing state, getting inside the dimensional book.

But by now, even the dimensional book was of no help.

The creature could easily locate him and forcefully pull him out of there.

It was the creation of the Divine after all, so it wasn’t a surprise that it could break all beliefs and rules.

After creating some distance, he added:

’As you can see, I am competing with this red thing to see which one of us dies first.’

"Sigh, why did you get in a fight with such a creature? Damnit, you got so many injuries... this ugly bastard, I am going to kill it."

Yasmine was so angry that she almost charged at the red RipMaw, but Vritra held her back.

’Wait, you know you can’t get out in this place, just let me handle this. I am not tired at all, I can keep going for days...’ Vritra muttered.

The red abomination didn’t even give him the time to breathe as it charged towards him and ripped apart the page of the dimensional book, forcing him to move away.

Another deep wound was inflicted over his shoulder as once again Vritra almost touched death.

The long fight had made the abomination even angrier.

"Ughh, this damned place, do you have any plans? O- Oh no, this fucking lizard!!"

Yasmine felt her blood boil, though she didn’t possess any blood, seeing the countless wounds on his body.

Her heart was aching so much that she really felt like crying and tearing everything apart.

’...Yeah, to push that knife deep enough, then I can absorb and take its heart.’ Vritra spat the blood in his mouth. He was holding two daggers that were in quite bad condition now.

KRRRRRAAAAAAARRRRR!!

The red abomination’s entire body was covered by sharp pointy teeth. Just a slight graze against them would result in serious damage, and it had transformed its entire body into a deadly weapon.

’...’ Yasmine felt frustrated as she watched Vritra fight against it.

A few minutes passed and his condition kept getting worse.

The defenses of the creature were just too damn high; despite hitting the knife so many times, it was still not close enough to the heart.

"Hoo, let me give you a boost. When you hit the knife the next time, I will create an energy blast. It will definitely be strong enough to do the job," she said with determination.

Vritra felt a burning sensation in his throat, his breathing coming out labored and his stamina almost depleted. Every part of his body, every muscle aching so badly, but the adrenaline kept his body moving.

’But will you be fine?’ he asked, blocking the teeth with the knives as his body was thrown back, and finally one of the knives broke.

"Yeah, I will be fine. Just need to sleep for a few more days to restore my energy. Hubby, we have no time to waste.

At this rate, both of us are going to die anyway!!" Yasmine raged, glaring at the abomination with hatred.

’...Fine, I will get close to it.’ Vritra agreed, left with no other choice. His chances of defeating it were close to zero; before long, he wouldn’t even be able to walk.

CLANG CLANG

Vritra pulled another knife from the book and used it to block the attack. He would just do his best at keeping himself alive while slowly moving towards the knife.

Nearly ten minutes passed when Vritra finally got a chance to strike the knife.

With the third eye, he saw one of the hands of the creature coming towards his back. But taking the risk, Vritra swung his leg at the back of the knife with all his strength.

’Hubby, let’s do it!!’ Yasmine was ready, wanting to kill this creature very, very badly.

KRRIIIIIIEEEEEEE!!

The creature let out a twisted sound. Its hand arrived close to Vritra’s back, and the long teeth plunged into his flesh, piercing through the side of his waist.

Vritra gritted his teeth, and finally, his feet made contact with the blade—

BOOOOOOOM!!

A powerful wave of force swept over the two.

The knife pierced directly through the heart of the large creature and threw its body back, as it began to release painful wails and wriggled on the ground.

Although Vritra didn’t face the brunt of the attack, the force also struck his body, throwing him even farther away, almost breaking all his remaining limbs.

Vritra’s mind drifted in and out of consciousness, waves after waves of pain flooding through his body.

Only after smashing into a few trees did his body finally come to a stop.

The two beings lay far away from one another, both in a very bad state.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...