Chapter 536 Bigshots

"Tyler, how dare you barge into my home!!" Sir Giant roared, stopping before the king of the fishmen.

"Hadn't I already warned you several times before, and you still dared to try and marry your son to my granddaughter, and now you bring your army here?"

Tyler, the king of his tribe, had brought over three thousand men into the Ford realm.

He would go all out if he needed to, just to protect the life of his son.

"You damned bug, I shouldn't have spared you all those years ago. It seems I am getting another chance at correcting my mistake." Sir Giant's body was covered by a deadly presence, his killing intent surging.

Everyone on the ground panicked. Who would have thought things could escalate so fast?

The Trant, Grant, Star, and a few others laughed heartily. This was exactly what they wanted. Now that the chance was here, how could they not join in the fun?

"Hmm, so that's the human you have found for her? Hah, you think any useless human is better than my son?" Tyler laughed out loud.

"That's not for you to decide. Are you sure you want to do this?" Sir Giant calmed himself down, though the killing intent only increased.

Vritra created several barriers around Teresa. He couldn't let her get hurt.

And he had already accepted the marriage. This seemed to be the best option. Not to mention, feelings could develop even after marriage, just like in the case of Yasmine.

After Vritra was sure of her safety, he put the glass back onto the tray and spoke, "My bride, wait a bit for me."

Teresa's grip tightened on her glass. This was probably the first reaction she had displayed.

He even placed Psyche near Teresa, just in case.

But just as he was about to fly up, the priest stopped him. "Wait, you can't step off this until the marriage is complete, or the wedding can't be held today."

"Tsk, guess I can't beat them up until the marriage is complete." Vritra sighed and said, "Fine, let's finish the ritual first."

He picked the glass back up, and the bride and groom raised their glasses to drink the wine.

Teresa did so beneath her veil.

In the sky, Tyler was shaking with rage. He knew that if they really started fighting, most of the army he had brought would be dead.

On top of that, they couldn't break through the Ford defenses, and by the time the battle ended, Teresa would already be married.

So he would have to use the guests to create chaos. Though he would need to reveal a secret for that, it would be worth it.

"STOP!!" Tyler shouted before looking at the guests, especially the Ford family's enemies, and spoke,

"You have heard a lot of rumors about Teresa Ford, but none of you really know her."

Sir Giant's body trembled with rage. Aware of this fishman's plan, he attacked to interrupt him.

But Tyler dodged and moved back before continuing,

"Haha, Teresa Ford is none other than the Stealer of Fate!!"

Right after the announcement, there was complete silence. Vritra and Teresa paused, holding the glasses midway.

"Why is everyone reacting like this?" he wondered.

"She is the Stealer of Fate?!!" Even Yasmine exclaimed in shock.

"What about it?" Vritra was confused. Her ability was quite powerful, but their reaction was completely off.

"The witch, Stealer of Fate, is famous for more than one thing," Yasmine began explaining.

"Aside from her obvious ability to steal fates, she is a very powerful sorceress who can create extremely precious treasures. Remember that crown which could increase luck? She could create objects that even Lords would fight to obtain." After a brief pause, she added,

"And finally, she is the rank one holder of the most beautiful women to ever exist. Hmm, no wonder they covered her up so well. Even in that dream, I couldn't see her appearance clearly."

"Oh." Now it was Vritra's turn to be surprised.

On the other side, Tyler knew people wouldn't just believe him. He also had evidence.

"See, this is Teresa Ford's true appearance!" After shouting, he threw up a glyph, which exploded into countless colors and then formed an image in the sky.

The faint image of a woman appeared in the next moment. It was slightly blurry, and only a light glimpse was visible.

Yet everyone among the guests was mesmerized. Whether or not this was real, the risk was worth it if they could get her.

Their minds were completely clouded.

Tyler's son was fortunate, or perhaps unfortunate, enough to once see a glimpse of her. He hadn't even seen half of her face.

Yet right after that, he went mad, wanting her at any cost.

"And if the information I got is correct, anyone who marries her will be able to partially use her ability to steal someone else's fate."

How could Tyler not want such an amazing woman? In name, it was for his son, but he could get countless sons. There was only one witch.

"This is why you always kept her hidden?!!" The Grant Monarch jumped to his feet, a big grin on his face.

"Now that we think about it, this groom is in no way the right match for her. Aside from his looks, what's good about him?" the Trant Monarch laughed. He too would participate in this battle now.

"Oh my god, she is the Stealer of Fate!! How can someone like him be qualified to marry her?"

"Yeah, he is just from the sinking Yate family. I can't believe he almost married her. Compared to Teresa Ford, he is trash."

Instantly, more and more people started throwing insults at Vritra, fueled by jealousy.

"Oh boy, would you look at that." Vritra chuckled. It truly felt like he had become part of some Chinese drama.

But Yasmine felt extremely angry. She couldn't listen to anyone badmouthing her husband.

First, she scanned the crowd, memorizing the faces of everyone who had spoken, then flew away.

Suddenly, almost all the guests wanted to remove him, and the battle in the sky began.

Sir Giant, Shen, and others started fighting against the fishmen race.

Gunter stood before the altar and engaged in battle against one of the Lords who tried to attack Vritra.

That single glimpse had sent most guests into a frenzy. They were all looking at him now.

Vritra shook his head. He wanted to join in the fun too, but for that, he needed to complete the rituals first.

"Ms. Bride, cheers." Once again, Vritra and Teresa were about to drink when someone announced,

"T- There are more guests!!"

Sir Giant felt like pulling his hair out.

"Who is it now, damn it? What trouble is brewing now?"

"The Empress of the Phoenix Race, Fiona Arclis, is here!" the same person announced as everyone gasped in surprise.

Why would she be here?

The Fords, or rather all five families, were powerful, but they were still part of the human race. Fiona, however, ruled over the entire Phoenix Race, which had many Lords.

Sir Giant had sent the invitation, but he knew they wouldn't come to such a small event.

Soon, a beautiful redhead became visible, entering the hall with a large army following behind.

Then another announcement rang out,

"T- The Empress of the H- Human Race, Diana Arclis, is here!!"

❖❖❖