Chapter 651 Sexy Apocalyptic-2 [R-18]

"Mmm~ Hmmmph~" Teresa moaned, her tongue wrapped around Vritra's and her breasts pressed against his chest, their shapes completely deformed.

Her hard nipples rubbed against his skin.

After coming, her insides tightened, clenching around his cock with a wild grip as if trying to entangle the intruder.

Before long, she felt his penis twitch in her body, and she hugged him even tighter as the head of his cock pushed into her womb.

And finally…

SPURT SPURT

Hot, thick, and sticky semen burst out inside her, flooding her womb with his seeds, bringing her another orgasm.

For some time, more and more semen kept pouring out. It seemed that although his strength had decreased here, he was still every bit the same in bed.

Teresa panted as their lips finally separated, a long line of their mixed saliva forming between their mouths.

She felt quite satisfied with the feeling of fullness inside her.

"T- Thank you, husband…" This was something Yasmine told her to do, to thank her husband for filling her up and giving his seed to her.

Vritra just chuckled at her innocence, she was really so cute.

He gave a light kiss over her lips, looking at her tenderly and remained cuddling with her for a bit longer.

Once Teresa had calmed down, he pulled his cock out of her tight pussy as she began to rest.

He looked back at his remaining five wives, feeling he really went a bit overboard while selecting wives for himself.

But he wouldn't want any of them not to be his wife, each of his wives was unique and lovely.

From mature yet childish Yasmine to his mature and understanding mother, Vanessa, who could be really naughty at times.

Then the shy and innocent Teresa to the wild and dominance loving empress, Yennefer, she just jumps onto him when she is horny.

The goddess who had matured and loved getting his praises but still was the same masochist deep down.

To his lewd story writer Fiona, who always had those strange ideas in mind.

And finally the sly fox who always had an evil plan to serve her master, a completely devoted and seductive demoness.

He felt really lucky to have them all in his life.

After feeling a bit emotional looking at them, he moved closer to his mother, pulling her into his arms and inhaling her sweet calming fragrance.

"Mom…" His hands moved down to squeeze her ass, she looked really hot in her uniform.

Vanessa pressed her lips against his, the kiss turning steamy as he yanked open her shirt, the big soft boobs bouncing out.

He squeezed them, his fingers sinking into the soft flesh, then he pushed her back and climbed on top of her.

Leaning down, he munched down over her pink nipple, and sucked hard to draw out her favourite hot drink.

And before long he was rewarded with jets of warm and delicious sweet milk, the nipple getting squeezed inside his mouth.

Vanessa moaned, she loved when he drank her milk, it made her feel connected to him.

As her bodily fluid entered his body, this made her more horny.

While he was suckling and drinking her milk, her hand slid down as she gripped his hard cock and began to rub her thumb against the tip.

"Haaaa~ My lovely s- son, drink it all, empty mommy's breasts." She encouraged him and began to caress his penis.

Vritra pulled back for a moment, then pushed both the nipples together and latched onto them.

Instantly, a large amount of hot milk flooded his mouth, almost dripping out of his mouth.

GULP GULP

Vritra enjoyed the texture and taste, while gulping it down, enjoying the feeling of it going down into his belly.

The more he had his mother's milk, the more he wanted, thankfully her boobs had quite a lot of it and could fulfil his desires.

Vanessa removed her pants and panties hurriedly, she couldn't wait any longer, her pussy was itching too hard.

She pressed it against her petals, then pushed her waist upwards, taking his cock inside.

But it was only halfway inside, it only left her wanting more.

Without pulling his mouth away from her nipples, Vritra pushed harder, plunging his cock all the way in.

And thus began another round of pleasurable sex, he continued to suckle while thrusting hard inside her.

Even before her breasts had emptied, Vanessa had already orgasmed two times.

He felt quite full as the quantity of her milk started to decrease and soon, he had emptied all the milk.

Vritra continued to suck a bit longer, and let go after some time.

Then he sat back and pounded her vagina even harder, shaking her insides, as Vanessa kept moaning.

And before long, he filled her up, her belly getting full of his milk.

She really loved this exchange.

After hugging his mother for a bit longer, Vritra finally moved onto Fiona, tearing her dress as he touched her fiery body.

They kissed for a while, Vritra pressed her against a wall and raised one of her legs, pushing his cock inside her.

Aside from Teresa, he could go harder on all his wives and they enjoyed it a lot.

Vritra showed no mercy to Fiona, thrusting with force enough to bring her to climax within minutes.

Only after a few climaxes did she finally get her prize, finally getting her belly filled.

Finally, he looked at Diana, Maeve and Yasmine.

Looking at their figures, his penis instantly turned hard, the sight was really turning him on.

"Master, this time, let me serve you." Maeve said as she pulled Vritra onto the bed and sat down on top of him.

She ground her pussy against his cock, after tearing a hole in her pants, her shirt's buttons were already open, as her boobs bounced openly.

Vritra clutched her breasts as the demoness raised her body and brought the tip of his cock to her entrance.

And then, she sat down, her insides instantly opening up as the cock moved into her body.

She leaned forward while twisting her waist and rotating, kissing him deeply.

As she sat back, the demoness started hitting her soft ass against him, as a loud slapping sound rang out.

The goddess couldn't hold back at all, as she climbed on top of Vritra's face, her slightly wet vagina pressing against his mouth.

Vritra held her thighs tightly as he began to eat her out, the two women moaning loudly on top of him.

Maeve had really gotten better at being on top, she twisted her waist in all manners, letting the cock press and rub against her special zones.

She kept moving until she orgasmed, then Vritra held her ass, helping the demoness move.

Before long, he filled Maeve up as she softly lay to the side.

The goddess climaxed too, her love juices flooding Vritra's mouth, which he drank all of.

He turned and straight away pushed his cock inside her, stirring up her pussy, as the goddess moaned loudly.

Vritra captured her lips into a tight kiss, hitting her insides again and again.

The goddess couldn't last for long either when Vritra got a bit rough, she orgasmed the moment he spanked her ass.

She too lay back after getting filled.

Finally, Vritra moved towards Yasmine, the excited dragoness who could go the longest among all his wives.

"Hehe hubby, finally it is my turn!!" She said, stepping closer to him.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...