Chapter 582 The Corrupt Priest

[A/N: Kinky stuff ahead, skip it if you wish.]

It was bright outside and the sun was high in the sky. People were busy with their work, and a troubled woman made her way towards a famous temple.

She had heard from her neighbours that if she was sincere, then with the priest's blessing, all her problems could be resolved.

So the poor woman, with great hopes in her heart, made her way towards the temple. Getting entry was difficult since quite a lot of others had come there with similar hopes.

But somehow she managed to get inside and got a seat. Before long, the priest appeared, who was younger than she had expected.

She listened to his wise speech, and many believers thanked the priest for making their lives better.

This gave a boost to Fiona's morale, it seemed she had come to the right place.

Things had gotten very bad, and this was her only option now, so she waited, hoping to get a chance and receive his blessings.

Finally, she got her chance, and the priest even asked to meet her separately.

After the whole event ended, Fiona happily and hurriedly went to meet her saviour.

"Tell me your name and what your troubles are?" Vritra, the priest, asked while pouring something into a glass and then sipping it.

"I- I am Fiona, Lord SOB, please help me… you are my only hope now, SOB," while speaking she started to cry.

"Don't worry, if you have come to me, there is no way you would leave with an empty stomach. I mean, I will take all your problems away," Vritra said dramatically, as flames burst out of his palms magically before disappearing.

"Y- Yes, everything has fallen apart, SOB. My house, my money, everything is gone, e- even my husband cares more about other women.

It's like someone had cursed my happy life," Fiona replied amidst her sobs, looking really pitiful.

"COUGH. It's alright. These problems are simple to solve, but whether or not they can be solved depends on your sincerity."

Vritra said, taking another sip of the wine, which he drank like some holy drink.

"I am s- sincere, please help me!!" Fiona said hurriedly, sitting on her knees.

She knew it, this was the exact place that would change her life. But the poor, innocent, clueless, hopeful married woman had no idea how her life was about to change.

"Well, I will be the one to decide upon that. Let me see… hmmm," Vritra set aside the glass and stared at her, pretending to be deeply focused.

"OH MY GOD!!" suddenly he jumped off his chair, a shocked expression on his face.

"W- What's wrong, priest?" Fiona was startled, her hands clasped together as she asked.

The poor woman's clothes clung tightly to her body, accentuating her ripe curves. She really looked too hot.

"I can see it, someone has indeed put a curse on you, and it is a very heavy curse. It won't come to rest until you have lost everything.

Whoever did this must hate you very much. Treatment for this is not going to be easy. Maybe it is just impossible now," Vritra said, sighing while shaking his head.

"Wha- Priest!! Please, you are my only hope. If even you give up on me, then what am I… SOB. Please, you have to help me.

These are m- my jewellery, this is all I have left. I can give you more later on, but please help me," Fiona pleaded, looking so pitiful that the priest couldn't bear to see her in such a condition.

"No, no, I don't need any of that. Your belief in me, that alone is enough. You think I do this for money? I just want to help anyone I can," Vritra said, pushing her jewellery away.

'He really is as the rumours said. Only he can save me now.' Fiona was now even more sure.

"Sigh. Okay, I will do my best to help you, even if I have to suffer because of it. This is not going to be easy, and you might have to do things you wouldn't want to.

But if you are sincere enough, then I can erase that evil," Vritra said with certainty in his voice.

"Thank you pri-" Fiona was about to speak but got interrupted.

"No, just call me master. You are a good and loyal woman, I will do everything in my power to save you from your cursed fate," he added.

"Thank you, master!!" Fiona said, looking relieved at seeing a ray of hope.

"To erase that curse, I need to cleanse you thoroughly. Go ahead and take a bath first, and change into the clothes present there.

Throw your current clothes away, everything you possess now is already filled with the curse," Vritra ordered as Fiona nodded repeatedly.

"Okay, master, I will do as you say."

She was going to show her sincerity. After thanking and praying to him for a few more minutes, she was finally led towards the bathroom by one of the maids.

"Remember, the cleansing needs to be thorough, so leave behind any doubts and hesitations. It will only become troublesome for both of us," he added from behind as Fiona hummed and nodded.

While Vritra got a few pieces of equipment ready for the cleansing of the evil curse.

Fiona threw her clothes into the fire as she started taking a bath, but then she received the clothes she needed to wear.

"W- Wear these? Where are the rest of the clothes?" she asked.

"That's all you need to wear. Remember, the cleansing requires you to be more open, otherwise it is impossible," the maid said from outside and left.

Fiona stared at the clothes in her hand in bafflement. Her clothes were already burned to a crisp, but how could she wear them in front of the respected priest?

Did they make a mistake?

'What's going on? It doesn't seem like a mistake. But how can I go in front of a man in such clothes?' Fiona felt troubled, but she couldn't stay locked in the bathroom forever.

Nor could she make the respected priest wait.

'Right, no hesitation or doubt. I need to be sincere. There must be a reason behind this,' Fiona thought, gritting her teeth as she started getting ready.

…

A few minutes later, while Vritra had just set up everything, Fiona entered the room.

Everyone else was already gone, leaving the two alone for the great ritual.

"M- Master, I am here…" Fiona muttered in embarrassment.

Vritra turned and saw her. A towel was wrapped around her body, but her buttery smooth thighs were still perfectly visible.

And her soft, squishy hips were faintly visible under the towel.

"Alright, let's not waste any time and get to the cleansing. The longer we wait, the stronger the curse becomes.

Come here, remove the towel and lie down here," Vritra instructed as he picked up a bowl that seemed to be filled with some chocolaty fluid.

"B- But…" Fiona tightly gripped the towel, her mind a mess, but they still needed to remove the curse.

So after a moment, she let go of the towel as it slipped down her body.

What was revealed instantly increased the temperature of the room.

There was just one piece of cloth on her body, going from her shoulder down to her mid-thighs.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...