Chapter 101: The Abduction

"Before killing him we have to get some information out of him. I doubt he would have left this kingdom without taking his mother along according to the reports we had received about him, so it is fine we will go forward with the plan.

Kidnap his mother and take her hostage, once he return our interrogation will get much easier that way, he will come running to us himself." Tier five assassin said.

"But isn’t the castle off limits, sir?" the other tier 4 assassin asked respectfully.

"This mission is special, just don’t cause any trouble and after getting your target return, no one will hinder your mission there," the leader said calmly, even he couldn’t understand why a person from the Nine Pacts would put so much importance on this mission when their target was so weak.

"I understand, we will do our best even if our task is as simple as taking a woman away from the temple and bringing her here," first tier 4 assassin said. They discussed matters of the mission for a while longer before the group disappeared into the shadows.

A total of twenty seven assassins headed towards the castle in the dead of the night, it was already midnight but as they came out of the underground base the market outside was still quite busy.

All the assassins ran at very fast speed and quickly got close to the capital, unlike the previous location the capital was rather quiet.

People remained hidden especially because of the news of the attack on the king they had received, even a golden knight died so most of the people were scared and didn’t dare to go out at night.

The group of assassins arrived in the capital not long after, while they remained completely hidden, there were many strong people in the capital who could sense them but most of them either worked for the king or just wouldn’t get involved in anything unnecessary.

So without any hurry the group of assassins dressed in black dress with only their eyes visible ran close to the castle, it wasn’t long before they arrived at the boundary.

Even as they entered into the boundary the strong guards who were able to sense their presence just ignored it as they had been ordered, so the assassins group didn’t receive any hindrance and easily they arrived close to the temple.

"We have received the exact location of our target, do your best not to cause any kind of trouble; especially the Goddess or her followers, don’t mess with them," the tier 4 assassin said as they were about to enter the temple.

All the others nodded, who among them could even go against the goddess? If they were to go against her none of them would survive.

"Since this part is quite easy, all of you just surround the place and make sure no problem arises, I will take the target." After ordering, the first looked at the second tier 4 and nodded: "Let’s go."

More than a couple dozen shadows climbed up to the temple and all of them moved close to Vritra and Vanessa’s room, only the two tier 4 assassin were going inside while the others just surrounded the room from all sides.

Vanessa slept inside the room, with her current strength she couldn’t sense any kind of danger. While the goddess was a bit too far to sense the faint killing intent, she had put guards there to watch over all the people living in the temple currently especially Vanessa but even those guards pretended not to notice anything.

The two strong assassins easily stepped inside the room through the window without any difficulty, they still felt it was an overkill; sending the two of them for a mission as easy as abducting a weak woman or killing a weak boy.

"Take her, then we will hurry back to the base," first assassin said, as the two stepped in the room.

They carefully swept their gaze over the surrounding and didn’t sense any kind of danger, there was absolutely no protection for her. Then their gazes moved towards the bed but they noticed that the room was unusually dark, as assassins they had no problem in seeing in darkness but inside this dark room they couldn’t see anything two steps ahead of them, let alone the bed.

"Do you think it is some kind of spell?" the second tier 4 asked, his brows furrowed while he became more alert.

"Whatever may be the case, let’s hurry and leave," the first said as they walked towards the bed.

Suddenly a silhouette rose in the darkness, its body reaching over seven feet and a dark armor surrounded its body while a long sword rested on the silhouette’s waist.

The Dark Knight!!

Two eyes glowed as a chilly sensation swept over the two assassins, they turned around in haste while taking out their blades and placing them in front of their body to block any kind of attack, the two men had suddenly felt such a strong killing intent.

WHOOSH

The dark knight took one step forward while its right hand rested over the hilt of the sword, the sword was drawn at an extremely fast speed that the two assassins didn’t even notice.

Then half of the blade of the first assassin along with the upper half of his head was cut from the middle, his eyes widened in shock and fear but then darkness completely overtook his vision.

The cut was so clean that not even a drop of blood leaked, then darkness swallowed the still standing corpse not letting out any kind of disturbance. The second 4th tier assassin wasn’t killed, the dark knight only knocked it out for now.

After all, master needed one of these bugs to get information from.

In less than three seconds, both the assassins had disappeared from the room. One was dead while the other was kept alive, then the dark knight turned into a blur as it left the room.

The assassin standing right outside the door all of a sudden felt something clutching his head from behind and then his head was crushed as blood, brain matter and skull’s pieces splattered all over but were swallowed by the darkness.

Dark knight didn’t draw its sword as it ripped the assassins apart with its bare hands. The next assassin had its heart ripped out, one was torn into two from the waist.

It moved all around the room and tore the assassins one by one, murdering them all brutally, but not even giving them the chance to scream.

Within a few seconds, the dark knight had killed all the twenty six assassins, without letting out any kind of sound and no traces of them could be found.

After the work was done, the dark knight simply disappeared into the shadows as it continued to protect Vanessa, for a moment it even had the urge to kill those guards who had put its master’s family in danger but after thinking, the dark knight decided not to... for now.

Vanessa didn’t even notice anything as she slept peacefully, having a sweet dream in which she and Vritra flew all over the world, holding hands and becoming very close.

____________

Thanks for reading...