Chapter 75: Helping ’Suckubus’ Mommy-1 [R-18]

"Then let’s start." Vritra mumbled as he climbed onto the bed, his emotions were mixed as he gazed at his mother’s flushed face, even though the lights in the room were dim but he could still perfectly see everything.

The tension in the room was high and the temperature seemed to have increased, their breathing was fast and their bodies had become hot; Vanessa sat on the bed as she waited for his touch.

’Sigh let’s just do this to... help her.’ Vritra thought and finally he arrived in front of her, whatever will happen in the room afterward would be full of taboo and shame.

Vritra gently placed his palm over her soft cheek, while he placed the other on her shoulder and gently pushed her back onto the bed, before pressing down on her body. Her massive breasts were squished between their bodies and they felt incredibly soft against his chest.

Even though he had no experience with sex but he knew that all this preparation was necessary before the start of the actual thing, he had to take tender care of his mother until she is ready.

He brought his mouth closer to her as their lips met for the third time, Vritra instantly felt a warm and soft sensation, but unlike before Vanessa’s lips parted as she took his lip into her mouth and nibbled on it lightly, her pearl white teeth biting into his flesh.

{Sin Point Gained: Teased +1}

Such notifications were still appearing, Vritra just decided to ignore them after all it was quite embarrassing to watch a live performance meter.

Their lips moved over one another as with every sultry breath, they broke the boundaries of their relation, along with the shame an unexplainable excitement also rose between the two.

At least now Vritra was more experienced in kissing after his practice with Fiona, so he took charge as his tongue licked over her soft pink lips, before making its way between her parted lips.

"Mmmmm~ haa" Vanessa released a soft moan, as their tongue pressed against one another. She was surprised at first and froze from this foreign feeling, his tongue was wet, warm and so soft, but she soon felt her tongue melting as Vritra guided her tongue into his mouth.

With his little experience, his hands clumsily moved and rubbed her body, an intense feeling of softness filled him as he lightly squeezed her boob, the size was bigger than Fiona’s and felt even softer, she had the body of a succubus queen after all.

While Vanessa caressed his back and ran her fingers through his hair, as the two shared such a passionate kiss, their lips met and rubbed in a wet mess while the two tongues rolled and fought from one mouth to another. The sound of slurping and light moaning filled the room, as the pair of mother and son, shared their salivas erotically.

Vritra bit her tongue and sucked on it, making Vanessa gasp for breath and after several minutes their lips parted; What they were doing was simply unimaginable for the two, had they stayed on the earth there would never have been such a development, so they were both filled with shame and some guilt.

So, they kept reminding themselves the reason why they were doing this, and that was reason enough for them; Vritra pulled back slightly, he gazed down at the woman he had seen and depended on since he was little, the only family he had.

"Mom, should I...?" Vritra was about to ask but Vanessa interrupted him.

"I- I will do it myself." She understood his question as she sat up, her face burning red, then she began to remove her clothes, letting him do it felt too embarrassing.

Vritra also began to remove his clothes, while in his mind he thought: ’Who would have thought my first kiss and sex would be with my mother... well I am first for her as well, but all of it is too strange.’

"Be more confident, you are the king of dragons; whatever you do is right, you should be the one to create rules, not be bound by what others say.

My hubby, haven’t you heard of that saying... Blood is thicker than morals! And keep it in the family Hehe." Yasmine said, her voice playful.

Vritra: "..."

’You are enjoying this, aren’t you? But shouldn’t you be jealous?’ the situation was already quite strange and here was his dragon wife, enjoying even this.

"It is fine, my mother in law is cute, so she can be the second." Yasmine said, giggling to herself.

Vritra decided to ignore his perverted wife for now, as the two quickly got naked. Vanessa glanced at her son; she could barely make out his figure in the darkness but she could clearly make out the outline of his large manhood.

’T- That’s... it is so huge. It was so little when he was younger, he really has grown up...’ Vanessa exclaimed in her mind as her face reddened even more, she couldn’t help but wonder if it will really fit in her belly.

While Vritra also observed the naked body of his mother, just by looking she looked so soft and creamy, looking very tender and ripe; she had just the right amount of fat all over her body, looking a little plump.

His gaze moved from her delicate shoulders, to her soft fleshy breasts, down to her smooth belly and then at the place shyly hiding between her thicc round thighs.

"Gorgeous..." Vritra muttered unconsciously, his eyes fixed on her vagina that appeared quite tantalizing and delicious, her pink insides were hiding between those soft flower like petals.

"Uh... thanks." She replied, feeling quite ashamed to be completely naked in front of her son, she wanted to hide her boobs and pussy but she didn’t, that would make things even more awkward.

Vritra once again pushed her onto the bed, the wait was only making the situation worse, aside from all the shame and embarrassment, there was also an undeniable excitement brought by this taboo situation.

Both of them felt a shiver coursing through them as their naked bodies pressed together, their hot skins coming into direct contact; his penis pressed against her belly and her supple boobs pressed against his chest, her soft nipples rubbing against his skin.

"Mmmm~" just the skin contact produced such a strong stimulus. Vritra lightly kissed her juicy lips, then her cheeks then he dragged his lips down to her neck, he was acting based on pure instincts, wanting to kiss and caress her entire body.

Vanessa tilted her head back, giving him more access to her delicate milky neck as she bit her lip and tried not to moan, as he pressed his lips against her neck. After a light kiss, he bit her smooth skin and sucked it into his mouth, eliciting another moan.

When his lips separated, a deep bite mark was left behind on her flawless skin. Vritra licked her sweet skin, bit all over her neck, sucking at her tender flesh while leaving his marks all over her skin.

His hands rubbing against her naked back, his palms touching all over her buttery skin, as his fingers sank into the plump flesh.

____________

Thanks for reading...