Chapter 397: Her Obsession

"Yes, I have all up to the 10th Legion rank, you can take them." Maeve got even closer to Vritra, leaning her head forward for a pat.

Since some time ago he had even stopped giving her pats, the demoness wondered what might have changed him so much all of a sudden.

After thinking for a few moments, Vritra decided to go along with her; from there he would return to the city of charms.

"Let’s go." He spoke and flew away, the barrier around the place finally broke.

"Masterrr~ wait for me." Maeve flew and slowed down upon arriving beside him, teasing him and tickling his cheek with her tail.

With the fox constantly trying to cheer him up, the two soon arrived inside the continent; they only stopped upon reaching the hotel.

...

Only after Vritra and Maeve had left did Hans finally arrive there; only now was he able to sense the fluctuations of energy.

"They have already left? I can feel the demonic presence, so it really was a demon who has done it? Could it be Raelion? But this feels different."

Hans pondered; after a while he decided to leave and report it all to the emperor.

Unaware of the fact that the prince had already been killed.

***

A large distance away from the Quartz continent, over a very, very tall mountain sat a woman in an expensive-looking dress.

She was holding onto a handkerchief, staring absentmindedly at the thin air.

Her blue hair looked dishevelled and eyes red. Yennefer had searched for Vritra yet he had completely disappeared, leaving only sorrow and regret.

She couldn’t believe that their relation had actually already ended.

From the time in that inheritance ground, the white kingdom, the abandoned town, all the time they had spent together only brought them closer.

Yennefer was sure that the two of them would be life partners and be together forever; her losses and victories she wanted him to be with her along her journey and at the end.

"..." But now, there seemed to be no path of reconciliation.

’Is it worth it to destroy my future with him for the sake of the past?’ The same question kept ringing in her mind.

’Mother, father, in my obsession because of that incident, I forgot the most important thing. You only ever wanted me to be happy; how can my life be driven just by revenge?’

The words Vritra had said to her after their first meeting in the continent once again entered her mind.

At that time she hadn’t thought much about it, but now she understood why Vritra was so against her obsession.

It wasn’t like he wanted her to give up on her goal; he even promised to help her achieve that same goal but in the end she had failed him.

"I- I am sorry sob," her voice was cracked, feeling extreme sorrow.

Tears kept flowing out of her eyes until her eyes felt dry; she never could have imagined this feeling of separation to be so painful.

She just wanted him to give her one more chance; she had understood having a goal and working to achieve it is fine.

But destroying her present, hurting the only person who loved her so much, pushing him away all for the sake of what?

Killing all demons—then what? Hadn’t she already gotten so much happiness?

Yennefer just sat there, as all sorts of thoughts passed through her mind, in the silence.

After several hours had passed, Yennefer finally stood up and her blue eyes were filled with determination.

Now she knew exactly what she needed to do, what she wanted, and what needed to be thrown.

To hell with the obsession!

Damn the Emperor!

And especially, fuck the family!

She would no longer be bound by any rule, family, obsession or anything.

She didn’t need to and she wanted Vritra back in her life at any cost.

Even if she had to butcher the entire royal family just to appease him, her eyes were filled with a dangerous but different obsession, and so she flew away from the mountain.

"Vritra—no husband, you have to forgive me, e- even if I have to give up on my goal for that."

Yennefer thought; she just wanted to once again be in his embrace, hear his loving voice and feel his tender gaze.

Only after losing it all did she come to understand how precious it all was.

***

Maeve quickly took out the empty stones, from 6th Legion rank to the 10th Legion rank.

Originally Vritra planned to get them from Yennefer, but with the wedding and all, their relation ended up in shambles.

"Thank you, you can count these as five of the treasures you have promised." Vritra said, as he sat down on the bed.

Although their surroundings looked the same, the two were already inside the dimensional book.

"Uh huh, what are you saying master, with our relation, what’s mine is yours and what’s yours is mine. Don’t mind it and start absorbing them."

Maeve spoke, cupping her cheeks shyly, her tail the perfect display of her emotions.

Vritra didn’t know what to do with this cheeky fox, but despite the building bond between the two, he still felt it would be better to go their separate ways.

Maeve lay beside him, with her back facing the ceiling and her chin resting over her hands, she just stared at his face with a drunken fervour.

Because of all those shitty people, he has to hide such a stunning face; Maeve just wanted to keep looking at it.

Vritra held the empty 6th Legion rank stone first and began to absorb it.

A huge storm of dust instantly began to swirl around him; the bottleneck was slowly broken and enormous waves of energy and strength filled his body.

Griffith’s strength was higher than a general’s so Vritra had gained a vast amount of levels, but with the Evil Veyll God Essence Core in his body, it would be of little benefit for now.

’Haa, he looks so delicious, I wish I could just take a bite off him.’ Since Maeve didn’t want to disturb Vritra now, she stayed still, holding back her urges.

Otherwise she might already have bitten him.

One after another, Vritra began to absorb the empty legion rank stones, his levels rising rapidly.

Even as he absorbed the empty stones, Vritra wondered about the levels ahead of the General rank but his mind was still occupied with the concern of his mother’s safety and with... Yennefer.

While the two were sitting here peacefully, there was a vast storm going on outside.

The news about the prince’s death spread rather quickly despite the emperor trying to suppress it, and it was said that he was killed by the demons in very gruesome ways.

This led people to question whether they were actually as safe inside the continent as they believed, if even the emperor’s younger brother was murdered so openly during the day.

The fear and respect for Darius obviously came down several levels, and the people who never supported the emperor were definitely quite joyous.

On the other hand, the emperor put all his force into searching for the murderer of his brother, even temporarily stopping the search for Vritra.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...