Chapter 155: Grievances

Faceless stared at Vritra for a few seconds, his body was completely disfigured and bruised; it was impossible to tell that it was the same handsome boy that charged at Blunder fearlessly moments ago.

He sighed and decided to let Blunder fulfill his wishes, he wasn’t new to torturing people after all, so it didn’t affect him at all. Vritra would be dead in just a few more minutes at max, until then he would hang on the thin line between life and death, suffering through a hellish pain.

While the red energy that entered his body made his body rot, that was one of the worst deaths one could receive.

Ignoring the dying Vritra on the ground, they all finally turned their attention to one another—the main fight was about to begin.

"Now, answer me, Faceless, did you have anything to do with the stealing of the core?" Morvik asked. His voice seemed even sharper in his insect form, making the ears of the two armies hurt.

"Yes. I was only informed about it by the Bone Blood Cult. My goal in coming to this kingdom this time was just to kill that boy. And now my task has been completed.

I have nothing to do with that core of yours, so I would advise you not to go against the Nine Pacts. It is better to have more friends than more enemies," Faceless said in an emotionless tone.

Now that Vritra was almost dead, he could return and the work of Nine Pacts in this kingdom would continue just like before, with the new batches of people.

"Hmm. You will have to wait here until I have taken care of this crazy insect. I hope you aren’t lying to me right now, otherwise if you are... not even the Nine Pacts will be able to save you," Thaddeus warned, before fixing his sight on Blunder and the nine other men beside him.

"You focus on him, while I and Silquor will take care of the nine others," Morvik spoke as he pointed at Blunder. In terms of strength, they could easily kill all ten of the people, but it seemed those Bone Blood Cult lunatics had planned something big in advance. They dared to take so many people at once, after all.

"Hahaha. It’s about to get so much fun. Are you watching this, Vritra? Don’t die yet and keep watching, at least your death will be worth it," Blunder spoke as he spread his arms in the air and seemed to have gone crazy with his wild laughter.

Soon the other men from Bone Blood Cult—over ten thousand men—began laughing similarly, confusing Faceless and the three demon generals. These lunatics were acting too strange, so the demon generals decided to act fast while Faceless just decided to wait at the side and observe the situation.

Though he might need to join the battle very soon.

ROOOAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRR

Thaddeus let out an ear-piercing roar, his bull-like face full of rage and his long round horns glowing with an even brighter light. Then he kicked the air, creating a huge blast as his body shot forward at such a speed that barely a very few people could even track him.

FUUOOOOOOOOOO

Thaddeus’s body tore through the air as he flashed in front of Blunder. Without saying a word, he shot out a punch. Of course, they had greatly restricted their strength and didn’t dare to use anything above level two thousand, or they might attract some very annoying and dangerous people.

Blunder didn’t back down. While laughing maniacally, he opened his mouth wide—so wide that his cheeks began to tear. Then a blood-red liquid flooded out of his mouth, instantly forming a huge blood wall in front of him.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!

The fist of the large bull collided with the blood wall and it instantly exploded into tiny pieces, but that was enough time for Blunder to dodge. He looked at Thaddeus with a mocking smile as he jumped backward twice and seemed to have arrived at just the right spot.

The other two demon generals also rushed towards the nine men, but the latter just stood rooted to their positions—as if leaving their positions was scarier than getting killed by those monsters.

"EVERYONE, START!!" Blunder gave a loud shout as everyone’s hearts trembled with anticipation. They were right—he indeed had some plan.

...

Yasmine, who had been locked in a dark space by Vritra, suddenly froze. She sensed the changes the moment Vritra was struck. She let out an agonizing cry and felt herself break. Yasmine could feel how weak Vritra was right now and how close to death he must be.

Her heart was breaking but she couldn’t do anything. She understood what his plan exactly was. The dragon queen cried, feeling so much pain in her heart.

Yasmine just wanted to go out and rip everyone present there to shreds, to protect her love. She felt so powerless as she could only watch the person she loved the most—the only person she cared so much about—die slowly.

Even with that revival potion, she didn’t want her husband to suffer so much. He was just a normal human some time ago and now he had to go through all this just to survive; it was too cruel.

...

A long distance away, inside a small carriage, Fiona, Diana, and Vanessa were sitting with emotionless faces in complete silence. They had separated from Vritra earlier in the day and then continued their journey in this carriage that they bought separately.

On Vanessa’s side, Zengis was sitting along with Bobby. The two were there to protect them at all costs, but Vanessa thought it was more of a symbolic thing.

To bring them out of that carriage under the gazes of those two people, Vritra used the same trick he used when making the announcer from that guard competition disappear at the end.

By sending them into the earth—but without Yasmine’s barrier that blocked their senses, it wouldn’t have been possible.

He broke a part of the carriage’s floor. When the speed of the carriage became slow, Vritra manipulated the ground and, inside the forest with high vegetation, made a very deep hole in the ground that swallowed the three women, and they were able to get out without getting noticed.

The three women were just waiting for Vritra’s return. Before sending them away, he had told them that someone was following them. So he sent them away first and said he would return after losing those people tailing them, but there were still no signs of him.

Suddenly, Vanessa’s and Diana’s eyes widened as they sensed the ominous change. Their eyes widened and, unconsciously, they both looked at one another—the horror evident.

Of course, Diana wasn’t as terrified as Vanessa. Vritra’s mother felt her body go numb as she felt a shiver. She knew that her son was in extreme danger and was currently very close to death.

"HONEYYYY!!" Vanessa stood up abruptly, startling Fiona, her eyes filling with tears as she tried to rush out of the carriage, but was stopped by Diana, who was tasked by Vritra to keep her safe.

’So he knew this was going to happen,’ Diana thought as she worriedly glanced into the sky while trying to stop Vanessa, who seemed to have gone mad.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...