Chapter 444: Competitive Waifus [R-18]

Yennefer closed the door behind her, walking towards Vritra in a little hurry.

"You are back? Hmm, where is Foxie?" he questioned, looking up straight at her.

"She will be back soon. Anyway, husband..."

Without giving Vritra any time to question further, she climbed onto the bed and sat over his lap, facing him.

Rubbing her body against him, she settled in a comfortable position, her soft boobs squished against his chest.

"Can you tell me what exactly happened that transformed you into a demon? But if you don’t want to, then I can wait."

She added, gently resting her arms over his shoulder and leaning forward.

"Yes, I can tell. I was being targeted by Nine Pact, Bone Blood Cult, and demons and— mhmm!"

Just as Vritra began to explain seriously, Yennefer pushed her soft red lips against his, cutting off his words.

She pressed with more force and hunger, finally having the taste of his lips, her dominating kink kicking in.

"Ah, don’t mind me, husband. Please continue with your explanation; I am just gonna have a little taste of you," Yennefer said, her eyes intoxicated and voice seductive.

She gently held his face and gave a light lick to his cheek before going back to his lips.

Her desires completely took over as she began to suck on his lips, nibbling on them with force.

Vritra was a bit surprised at first, but feeling her tender moist lips, he too couldn’t hold back.

He had also missed her greatly; her scent and taste made him remember their time together. She truly was too hot.

Their lips rubbed and pressed, bodies pressed together tightly as both of their hands caressed each other’s bodies.

Their lips parted in sync as Yennefer sent her tongue forward, longing for his taste while grinding her sensitive part against his increasing bulge.

Feeling his hard member press against her, Yennefer was happy. She hugged him even tighter, her tongue wildly moving around.

SLURP SLURP

She sucked harder, taking in his saliva and gulping it down with joy.

As their tongues came in contact, Yennefer felt as if her body was going to melt.

Their tongues gently touched and caressed, like two lovers meeting after a long time, before entangling in a tight embrace.

With their mouths connected in a seal-tight kiss, their salivas mixed up completely, breath stuck between the two.

BANG

HUFF HUFF

Maeve finally returned.

She took a few deep breaths and glanced around the room, and finally, her gaze settled over the two figures who were sticking to one another.

"Hah, I knew it! So that’s the reason you went there with me. Hmph, master, that’s not fair," Maeve complained, a fire of competition and jealousy burning in her eyes.

Shutting the door behind her, she quickly climbed onto the bed and got close to Vritra.

The demoness could feel the temperature in the room rise as she saw the two making out, their kiss so passionate and wet.

The sound they were making, how their throats moved to gulp the mixture of saliva, and how their tongues kept moving from one mouth to another — it was all too hot.

"Master, please don’t forget me..." Maeve said as she kissed his neck, biting it lightly and sucking it just like how Vritra had taught.

After a few moments, she pulled back and saw the mark she had left over his skin. Marking him actually made her feel quite good.

Not to mention, she loved his taste.

Maeve instantly got to work, nibbling over his skin and sucking all over his neck with fervor, pulling his skin into her mouth.

The scent of his blood and the warmth of his skin tempted her greatly.

After leaving several marks over the left side of his neck, she could no longer hold herself back.

Her mouth opened wide as fangs grew; then she bit down, using her skill to let her fangs sink into his skin as his hot and delicious blood poured into her mouth.

"Mmmm, SLURP SLURP GULP."

Maeve’s cheeks hollowed out as she sucked harder. His blood was so special, the demoness truly forgot everything for a while as she continued to suck.

While Maeve was enjoying herself, Yennefer continued to devour his saliva, their tongues and lips still tightly rubbing.

"Ummph~ GULP Hmmmm~" Yennefer let out a muffled moan as Vritra suddenly bit down on her tongue before caressing it gently.

His hands slid down across her back before settling over her incredibly soft ass. Even squeezing it from over her clothes felt so good.

The kiss continued.

Maeve also enjoyed his blood for a while, but Yennefer’s constant muffled moans made her want more.

She pulled her fangs out of his skin, licking it clean completely.

It was a competition to death, and she wasn’t going to lose.

Maeve softly cupped Vritra’s face and called out to him in a cute voice, finally breaking the kiss.

"Master, please kiss me too, but first, please drink this," Maeve said, handing Vritra a wine bottle as she wiped his lips with her sleeve.

She just didn’t want Yennefer’s taste to still linger on her master.

Vritra smiled faintly.

The cunning fox could sometimes be really cute. He could feel the jealousy emanating from the two ladies and knew about the secret competition between them.

Removing the cap of the bottle, he took a long gulp, drinking the sweet, slightly bitter wine.

Yennefer didn’t fight back for his lips.

Though she was jealous, she surely had more time with Vritra than Maeve.

Without wasting a moment, she started taking off her clothes, getting excited as Vritra’s gaze locked onto her body.

She seductively removed all her clothes, even her panty, pressing her slightly wet vagina directly against his bulge.

"Husband, just leave it all to me and enjoy," Yennefer said. She put aside her domination kink for a while and decided to pleasure him.

Then she began to remove Vritra’s clothes until he too got completely naked.

Maeve pouted at the attention her rival got, but she had charms of her own, and in terms of beauty, she wouldn’t lose to Yennefer.

"Master, can you help me undress?" Maeve asked, her tail swinging slowly left to right.

"Sure," Vritra nodded and started taking off her clothes. He was reminded of the time when they had just met, and he had thrown water on her in Zihong’s inheritance cave.

As he removed Maeve’s clothes, more of Foxie’s sexy body was revealed until the two women sat completely naked in front of him.

"Hehe, thank you, master. I love you~"

Maeve said before leaning forward and taking his lips in a burning kiss.

Her boobs pressed against his left arm, nipples rubbing against his skin, as she tasted Vritra along with the wine.

"Husband, I love you..." Urged by Maeve’s challenging gaze, Yennefer gave a soft kiss to his cheek before moving down to his neck.

’Tch, she got to mark my husband before me,’ Yennefer said, seeing the bite marks Maeve had left.

But she was not going to lose. She pressed her lips against his neck, sucking really hard as her teeth sunk into his skin.

Her tongue licked his smooth skin as she sucked with all her might, as if trying to suck his soul out.

"Mmmha~"

As she pulled, Yennefer felt proud to see a mark stronger than any the fox demoness had left.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...