Chapter 352: Triple Attacks [R-18]

Fiona loosened her clothes as they slid off her body, her milky skin coming into full view.

She climbed onto the bed but couldn’t understand where or how to join; getting intimate along with his mother and the goddess was still a bit overwhelming for her.

In the end, she decided to wait a little, but she pressed her body against his, kissing his back, trying to leave her mark on his body.

After a long time, Vritra had finally emptied Vanessa’s boobs. He pulled out her swollen nipple and licked the bud a couple of times before giving a soft kiss on her lips.

The milf was panting heavily, her eyes filled with lust. Gazing down, she saw Diana suck his penis with delight while Fiona was still trying to adjust somewhere, kissing and caressing his body.

"How can we forget our youngest?" Vanessa smiled, looking at Fiona with a strange glint in her eyes. Then she looked at Vritra and asked, "Honey, why don’t you focus on Fiona a bit while we make you feel re~ally good?"

"Oh sure." Vritra had no idea what his naughty mother had planned, but he was just as excited as his women. He pulled Fiona to his front and gave her a passionate kiss.

His lips slowly drifted down to her body, making the young Phoenix moan lewdly, his lips and tongue pressed against her hot skin.

Vanessa asked Vritra to lie on his back, and so he did. Diana shifted her head carefully, keeping his cock buried in her mouth as she drank more of his delicious precum.

Pulling Fiona’s arm, Vritra gripped her thighs as her vagina landed on his mouth.

The moment Fiona felt his lips press against her petals, a shiver ran through her body. She leaned forward, pressing her palms against his chest, letting out loud moans.

Seeing that Vritra had started, Vanessa moved close to his lower body. Now that she thought about it, she was yet to taste his lower member, but judging from the goddess’s actions and expression, the succubus was really excited.

She gently touched his jewels, giving soft kisses before shifting to the shaft as she pulled the cock out of the reluctant goddess’s mouth.

"Let me have a taste as well," Vanessa said, gripping his cock between her palms, feeling the burning hot sensation against her skin.

"B- But haa haa I wasn’t done yet..." Diana complained, licking her lips, already missing his huge cock.

"How about we do it together? This is my first time, so I won’t mind a tip or two," Vanessa spoke in a sexy tone. The symbol on her belly was glowing, making her hungrier by the moment for her son’s thick semen.

"Ah..." Diana was excited by this idea. She nodded enthusiastically, though she would have to share the delicious cock milk with this seductress.

’Sigh, no wonder the succubus could easily make anyone fall for their charms. Her beauty has already grown to this extent,’ Diana thought.

Along with her level, Vanessa’s beauty and charms were increasing rapidly. Being the succubus queen, she already looked so gorgeous.

Vritra sucked the redhead’s vertical lips, pulling them into his mouth, his hands gripping tightly onto her thick thighs; as suddenly the warm feeling of Diana’s mouth disappeared from around his cock.

[Intra Shuffle Activated.]

The length of Vritra’s tongue increased as he began to push his tongue into Fiona’s vagina, feeling her wet, hot, and soft pussy walls squeezing it tightly.

"Anggggg~ ahh~ T- That feels gr- Hmmm~ great darling~ Haaaahh~" Fiona couldn’t control her moans, feeling his tongue pushing through her pussy, rubbing and poking against her sensitive folds.

Her fingers tangled with his hair as she pressed her entrance tighter against his mouth, feeling his tongue moving deeper and deeper.

Below, the two women had also started working. Diana told Vanessa about the basic rules like no teeth, then she began to demonstrate it to her, enjoying tasting his penis once again.

"Okay let me give it a try." Vanessa understood rather quickly.

She didn’t want to waste a single moment, having a dry feeling in her mouth.

Her tongue came out excitedly, giving a hard lick against the glans and then pausing to savor the taste.

Vanessa let her instinct get a hold of her actions as she hungrily began to suck and lick his penis.

Fiona’s back arched and her face tilted upward, her loud moans filling up the room. His tongue twisted and rolled inside her body.

She couldn’t understand how it could go so deep inside her, scratching the walls at just the right itchy part in her pussy.

Her warm juices flooded out, filling Vritra’s mouth. She could clearly hear the gulping sound.

Seeing Vanessa sucking the head of the cock, Diana held his cock and began to lick the shaft while slowly shifting to the head.

Now both the women were pleasuring him with their mouths. Vanessa even surrounded the length with her ultra-soft boobs, licking off the liquid leaking from the tip.

Both of them teased the glans with the tip of their tongues, wrapping the head in their saliva, while slurping hard on either side.

Vanessa, remembering the earlier scene, tried to take the penis into her throat. It was so thick that her mouth was completely full, but the milf continued to take it deeper.

Diana had no choice but to pull back as Vanessa swallowed his cock.

After a moment, she focused her attention on his sensitive jewels, kissing and sucking on them; biting them with her lips.

It was such an erotic scene. All three naked women covered Vritra from top to bottom, his body pressed under their softness.

Under his wild tongue movements, Fiona couldn’t hold on for long. Her body jerked backwards as the tongue poked and pressed deep inside her.

"Ahhhhh~ I- I am c- Darlinggg~ hnngggg~" she moaned very loudly, grinding her vagina against his lips and orgasmed.

A large amount of juices flooded out of her pussy. Vritra’s lips covered her labia completely as he sucked the sweet juice.

GULP GULP

Even while she was spasming, Vritra’s tongue continued to wreak havoc inside her. As her climax ended, the redhead felt completely exhausted. Her body shivered as Vritra’s tongue came out of her cave, rubbing against her sensitive folds.

She lay to the side, panting heavily, but this climax only made her hornier. After a short rest, she wanted him to mess up her insides, pushing his cock into her deepest part.

Her gaze drifted down towards the other women, eyes widening at the lewd scene.

Vanessa had quickly learned, and in just a few minutes, she could easily compete with Diana, the succubus queen for a reason.

Under the constant teasing and pleasuring of both the women, Vritra couldn’t last too long. As Vanessa buried his cock deep into her mouth, her throat seemed to have a mind of its own, squeezing the head with such strong force.

And finally...

SPLURT SPLURT

"Mmmmphh~ GULP GULP" Vanessa closed her eyes shut, clamping her lips tightly around the base and did her best to swallow the thick and hot semen that directly shot into her throat.

Diana sat back and looked at Vanessa with envy. She wanted to drink that after not having a drop for so long, but thankfully Vritra could keep going so she could drink as much as she wanted.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...