Chapter 473: The War-2

CLANG

Thousands of opponents instantly got killed, but then the big guy from the six seats stopped the dark knight.

The battle had just started and both sides were holding their strongest forms and attacks.

THUNDERRRRRR

A terrifying dust storm rose in the entire cloud city, as lightning thundered in the sky and the ground got covered with magma.

The colorless flame spread across the front battlefield, raising the souls of the dead and turning them against their previous companions.

The Nihilanima became a nightmare for the big army.

The Grieves hurriedly set up their formations, their first goal was to capture Vritra and if they couldn’t succeed then they must eliminate him.

"Capture him!!"

Upon receiving Kryn’s order, the Grieves, some of which were in human-like form and some in greyish form, threw thousands of glyphs into the sky.

They then transformed into a big net, aiming to capture Vritra. Even a demon lord trapped in this net wouldn’t be able to break it in a few days.

CLANG CLANG

BANG

But the net was just midway when countless attacks landed on it. Red and others destroyed the net hurriedly before rushing toward Vritra.

"Damnit, you are all going to pay for it."

Kryn cursed, then he took out a white glyph and rushed toward Vritra as well.

It was a complete mess. Vritra was constantly using the Nether Eye to observe the battlefield. Every moment, thousands of attacks approached him.

But all of those attacks couldn’t even touch his scales, as Atomic worked at full power.

"Let me handle Dago." Yasmine said as she rushed out of his body, finally making her appearance in front of the world after so many years.

Even though Vritra was doing his best, there were too many opponents, and the chances of victory seemed slimmer by the moment.

"Wait—" Vritra tried to stop her, but the dragoness flew high into the sky in her dragon form.

ROOOAAAAARRRRRRRRR

The white dragoness let out a terrifying roar; for a moment, the battlefield paused.

"T-That’s... the dragon empress Yasmine?"

"Wasn’t she killed by the demons all those years ago? How is she still alive?"

Various questions rang out all over the place; everyone was shocked by her appearance in the war.

After all, previously she was a symbol of terror, barely a few lords could even hold on against her.

Even though she had disappeared, that fear still remained.

"B-But why is she on that demon’s side? Didn’t she hate them as well?"

"Yasmine...?" Dago, who had just flown out of a crater, was shocked by the sight of the white dragon, but then they all noticed something.

"It isn’t her physical body, she is here just as a soul." Dago mumbled as all others realized it, and even her strength was nothing compared to her prime.

She wasn’t even at the general rank now.

"Yasmine... so she was the mysterious woman master told us about before?"

Maeve looked back for a moment before getting entangled in the fight again.

Sir Giant seemed as if he was playing around, yet Maeve was struggling against him.

"..." Yennefer glanced back before cutting off Tin and Vin’s left and right arms, then attacked Pink.

"Kill her!!" The various demon lords were the first to make a move.

Only the demon lords knew that Yasmine had actually managed to escape.

They had to complete what they had failed to do before; her death was extremely important for them.

There were a total of a hundred demon lords who served under the different five demon gods, though with Raelion’s death one place became vacant.

More than ten demon lords instantly rushed toward Yasmine, their target completely shifting from Vritra.

’Why would they try so hard to kill her?’ Vritra wondered.

She couldn’t face even a single lord in her current state and only wanted to keep Dago out of this war.

No way she could survive even a single attack.

Sloth opened his mouth wide and sucked in a lot of air before vomiting out a strange green liquid that seemed really terrifying.

Yasmine twisted her body, teleporting away from the demons and appearing before Dago.

"You should not join this battle." Yasmine said.

If she could make Dago agree, then all the dragons would leave, and that would be a big burden off.

She even took her human-like form, in hopes that he would choose his family.

"..." Dago stared at Yasmine, his expressions hidden behind the scales.

It was his cousin and the previous ruler of the dragons.

"Don’t listen to her, she is possessed by the devil." Oracle shouted from the distance as he tried to find a solution for his own problem.

"Yes, the real Yasmine would never side with the demons. You are not her. She is already dead." Dago locked the space around Yasmine, making it impossible for her to teleport.

Then his chest bulged as the temperature of the air rose; he was about to exterminate her soul with the dragon breath, burning her into nothingness.

From behind, the demons attacked again.

Along with Sloth, all of them launched destructive attacks.

"It is me, Dago!" Yasmine struggled as the dragon breath and the attacks from behind approached her body. Even without touching her, she could feel her soul weakening.

The feeling of powerlessness completely took over the empress’s mind.

She was so powerful before, yet now she couldn’t even protect her husband.

Yasmine sighed and gave up on resisting. Vritra, Yennefer, Maeve, and the soul wraiths were all getting attacked by so many opponents.

But this wasn’t the first time she had felt death so close to her, yet this time she felt sadder, not ever wanting to be apart from Vritra.

Cool air breezed past her body. Yasmine closed her eyes, but even after two seconds, the attacks hadn’t landed on her body.

As she opened her eyes, she was surprised to see every person on the battlefield frozen.

From the opponents to even Maeve and Yennefer, everything was completely still. Dago’s fists, the demon lords, the attacks—everything was frozen.

Then Vritra appeared before her. He touched her cheek, looking lovingly into her eyes, hiding the struggle to freeze so many powerful figures.

"Wifey, you are not useless or powerless. I still need you, so stop throwing yourself in front of danger each time or I will lock you away, you... understand?"

Vritra asked, using such a tone against her for the first time.

He was just too terrified by even the idea of losing her but also knew what was going through her mind.

Yasmine nodded, her body slowly disappearing.

"Even without... directly participating in the war, y-you can still help me." Vritra said.

"Okay." Yasmine nodded with determination. After a moment, she returned to his body.

COUGH

Vritra coughed as he reached his limit. Freezing so many lords at the same time was an extremely difficult task, and he did it for so long.

BOOOOOOM!

Instantly the entire battlefield became lively. Vritra stretched his hand and grabbed Dago’s head as the dragon breath exploded in his mouth.

Then Vritra turned around, receiving the demons’ attacks with Dago’s body.

"Shush, be a good boy." Vritra muttered, his voice feeling as if a devil was scratching directly in his mind.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...