Chapter 330: The Divine Temple

A large temple covered by the bloody mist stood in the middle of nowhere, completely filled with silence and a majestic presence.

"That’s the same symbol as I saw before." Vritra mumbled; it seemed to be the symbol of some god.

Vritra tried to scan the insides of the temple, but even his nether eye failed to work there. After entering the disappearing state, he decided to check it.

[Book of Dimensions Activated.]

’Hoo, let’s do this. I have to go out as soon as possible. The demon war might have already started outside, and mom, Fiona, and Diana would have no choice but to participate just to keep themselves safe.’

Vritra thought, his resolve strengthening.

He slowly began to walk towards the old temple.

It was probably white originally, but because of the bloody mist, the entire temple was now painted red.

The place was too quiet. Vritra climbed over fifty stairs and finally arrived at the entrance of the temple.

The doors were already open; even though it had gotten dirty, not even a single scratch could be seen on the walls. It stood tall.

Observing his surroundings closely, Vritra finally entered the temple.

There were strange patterns on the walls, but Vritra couldn’t decipher them, so he continued to move slowly.

Strangely, the insides of the temple weren’t dark; it was like the walls had light of their own.

After walking through a long corridor, Vritra arrived at the entrance of a large hall. He observed it from the top, as it was around 5 meters down.

The seats that were originally supposed to be present there were either broken or thrown to the side.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Baffled +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Got Shocked +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Got Bewildered +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Frozen +1}

Several messages popped at once as Vritra froze at the sight in front of him.

A large statue of the same insect that had entered his arm a couple of days ago was present at the forefront of the hall. It was enormous and extremely detailed.

The statue was glowing with a strong white light and had a terrifying presence.

A few strange characters were written near its feet that Vritra could recognize even without the Language Mastery.

’The Divine!!’ A feeling of reverence rose from within him, but that wasn’t exactly what had surprised Vritra.

In front of the statue, hundreds upon hundreds of abominations were lined up as if prostrating themselves in front of their god.

There were so many of these terrifying creatures. At the front of the thousands of RipMaws, there were three red creatures that were twice the size and looked even more horrifying.

’Ah, so this is where I was supposed to get the Sin Coins...’ Vritra, even in his disappearing state, didn’t dare make a single noise.

If they all attacked him at once, then he would be killed in moments without the chance to fight back.

But then he wondered if they would move upon hearing any sound; they seemed to be deep in slumber.

"..." Just to check, Vritra pulled a large stone—changing the stone, he took out a pebble, and aimed at one of the abominations present at the end of the ground.

There were definitely more than 2500 abominations, but Vritra didn’t know how he was supposed to kill them.

Just killing a single one almost killed him; he lost his arm and received such severe injuries.

TUK!

Gathering his courage, Vritra finally threw the pebble towards the back of the abomination.

As it hit, the creature opened its dozens of creepy eyes and turned to look around, but after a moment it returned to its original state.

’Haa.’ Vritra finally relaxed, releasing the breath he was holding unconsciously. Thankfully all the abominations didn’t wake up.

’Wait, I can use this scenario. Though it would take more time at the start, when my strength grows I will be able to kill them easily.’

He thought, but for now he decided to leave the dangerous place.

Turning around, he walked out of there slowly. He had enough adventure for the day. He was completely exhausted and just wanted to return home.

Walking out of the temple, Vritra started running towards the town. He would continue the abomination hunt from the next day.

When he had arrived near the forest, Vritra paused and scanned the surroundings and soon located a group of beasts.

Taking out the big knife from the dimensional book, he decided to hunt a little and bring some meat.

’Sigh, I just noticed it, but I no longer feel hungry. So I need to devour that Sin Coin for my hunger... I just hope this isn’t a permanent thing.’ Vritra thought.

Hunting the beasts was even easier now with the increase in his strength.

Vritra killed over five beasts efficiently and tied them with rope before throwing them all into the dimensional book and once again started moving.

He also changed his clothes. He wouldn’t want to go back in those blood-drenched clothes and washed himself slightly.

...

It was nearly four when Vritra arrived close to the town. Everything seemed as usual; the townsfolk were all busy with their daily lives.

Vritra was surprised when he entered the town and got close to his house.

Yennefer was sitting in a small group of middle-aged women and was chatting with them normally.

"Yenni..." he called out and paused, putting down the beasts’ corpses and the material he had carried.

"!!!" Yennefer’s ears perked up as she turned, and her sparkling eyes met with Vritra’s. She scanned him from top to bottom.

His clothes were slightly dirty, but there was no blood, and only slight injuries were visible.

"You are back!!" Yennefer exclaimed as she rose to her feet in a hurry, but before she could take a step forward one of the women coughed, giving some sort of signal.

Yennefer looked back, then at Vritra, before speaking: "...Welcome back, husband, I was waiting for you."

Those women seemed to have been tutoring Yennefer about becoming a good wife. After hearing her, they nodded in satisfaction.

"Oh, thanks... I guess." Vritra said, finding the empress quite cute compared to her cruel nature.

She smiled before walking up to him and embracing Vritra tightly, letting out a long breath as her body finally relaxed.

"You didn’t get hurt, right?" she whispered, clinging to him possessively.

"Just a little, but it’s nothing serious." Vritra replied, hugging her back. It felt quite nice to be welcomed like this by this dangerous yet cute woman.

"You killed quite a few beasts. Let’s go back and have a bath together. I need to thoroughly inspect your body.

And if I find you were lying, then I will punish you even more severely than yesterday." Yennefer said in a sultry tone as she bit his earlobe.

"Haha, yeah, let’s go. I certainly do need a bath." Vritra chuckled, as he picked up the material with one hand and Yennefer hugged his other arm.

The two started walking towards their house.

The group of women showed thumbs up towards Yennefer; they were sure she was going to be a good wife.

Upon entering the house, Yennefer pushed all the things aside and pulled Vritra directly into the bathroom.

Then she threw their clothes away, getting into the shower together.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...