Chapter 553 Intruders

Vritra returned to his room, and Teresa had already put her clothes and other things in the room.

The thought that she was newly wed and that she would be living with her husband from now on made her feel excited and tingly.

He was away just for a few minutes, and she was already missing him.

Teresa thanked her late mother for choosing such a wonderful husband for her.

Just then, the door opened.

"Tess," Vritra called out, as she couldn't constantly be keeping check of her surroundings, and he didn't want to startle her.

"Husband!" Teresa turned back, her pupils unfocused.

'What can I do about her eyes?' Vritra felt really bad seeing it, but he had no control over fate for now.

He wondered if he would have to wait until he was a god to change her fate, or if a god could even do that.

"What's wrong, husband?" Teresa walked closer, gently embracing him.

"It's nothing. Let's go to see the Star realm tomorrow," Vritra said, pulling her closer.

'That aside, the news that Tess is here must have already spread, so I wonder if people would come to target her,' Vritra wondered as he removed her veil.

He put several barriers over the room, so no one could suddenly barge in.

Teresa always kept herself covered, since if a normal man saw her, there was a high chance that he would go crazy.

Just like that fishman king's son, who had only seen a very brief glimpse of her from a distance.

He slipped one arm under her feet and picked Teresa up in a princess carry, surprising her as she clutched his clothes.

Then he sat on the bed and made Teresa sit on his lap, facing him.

"Tess, do you want to learn how to fight?" he asked, pulling her closer, their bodies pressed tightly together.

They were so close, feeling each other's warmth, that for a moment Teresa grasped for breath.

Feeling a little shy, she wrapped her arms around his neck and put her blushing face over his shoulder.

"…No, I don't want to hurt anyone," she replied, but she knew this wasn't the answer he wanted.

"Okay, we will wait then," he said, caressing her back.

Her body felt really soft and warm, her voluptuous breasts pressed against his chest, her feet hanging nervously.

"Can you tell me what you knew about me before marriage? Did your mother tell you something, or was it a dream or something?" he asked, breathing in the air full of her fragrance.

Her scent really put such a strong charm over him.

"My mother told me about it," Teresa said, her heart beating rapidly.

"So what did she tell you?" Vritra wondered what sort of person she was, the woman who had taught so much to Teresa.

Thankfully, she was not like most Fords, which was why he could get such a good and well mannered wife.

"I know you are not Art Yates. You are… uhm, I know your real identity," Teresa replied.

Vritra was confused for a moment, then remembered that her mother had taught her that calling her husband's name brings bad luck.

"So you know I am Vritra?" he asked, and Teresa nodded.

"You know who I actually am and everything from the war back then?" he continued.

"Yes, my mother told me about it all," Teresa replied softly, enjoying the closeness.

Vritra paused, then asked, "You knew I was a demon, but still decided to marry me? And you also know I have other wives."

"Yes, and yes. I do know the five women who visited are your wives," Teresa said, though she didn't sound sure.

Her mother hadn't told her much about his other wives.

"Yes, they were. Aside from you, I have six wives," Vritra said directly, wondering what her reaction might be.

"S- Six!" Teresa exclaimed, so Vritra had a total of seven wives now.

Suddenly she was worried about even getting enough affection from him.

'Husband must already be deeply in love with his other wives while we are just getting to know each other.'

Her start was already so late, and unlike his other wives, she also had many negatives.

"Don't have any useless thoughts. I love everyone in my family dearly and would never neglect anyone.

I am sure you would like them too and can finally have a happy family," Vritra said, clearly understanding what was going through her head.

Teresa was about to speak, but they paused.

Suddenly, they could sense quite a lot of presences entering the Yate realm and heading towards them.

"They came fast," Vritra shook his head. They were certainly here to target his wife.

Even that Smog guy had come, except his entrance wasn't really sneaky, unlike all the others.

"Oh, they must be here for me," Teresa mumbled, sighing and leaning into his arms.

"It's alright. Psyche, go deal with them," Vritra said, as Psyche, who was already protecting the realm, changed its direction and headed toward the intruders.

"Anyway, I have more to tell you," Vritra said, as he already trusted her and felt he could tell her his secrets.

"Y- You have more lovers?" Teresa asked in bewilderment, worried she would never get time with him.

"What are you thinking? Of course not. I never expected to get into a relationship with most of my wives. Anyway, let's start from the beginning."

With Teresa seated on his lap, Vritra began the story from the Dunshire kingdom, telling her about the important things.

While outside, Psyche, who already possessed a new body, the fishman king's body, had started to deal with the intruders.

Except for Smog, Psyche killed all the others without any difficulty.

While Gunter went to meet Smog, the monarch of the Yate family wasn't really afraid of him, but he was from the Golden Moon.

Yet he wasn't just going to be forced into doing anything.

And so, he directly refused to let Teresa go to the Golden Moon's base.

Smog threw various threats, but Gunter remained fixed on his decision.

In the end, Smog could only leave. He alone couldn't attack the entire Yate family.

It seemed they would need to use force against them.

Fiona and Yasmine, who were floating around Vritra and enjoying being close to him, silently listened to his story.

It brought back old memories. They had been through so many disasters, but what mattered was the end result.

"And so, I married you," Vritra ended the explanation.

"Divine…?" Teresa looked at his face in confusion. She had no memories of her past life.

"It is fine to forget him. He is a jerk and doesn't deserve to be your brother. Anyway, now that we are getting closer to the games, you have to be able to protect yourself, okay?" Vritra said seriously.

"Why? Are you leaving me?" Teresa asked. She was sure he could protect her from anything.

"No, but there could be times when even I might not be able to protect you. In any case, I will help you with it," Vritra said, her beautiful face still mesmerizing.

With a goth baddie look and her innocence, she looked absolutely cute.

Yasmine, observing everything, thought, 'It would be fun to corrupt… I mean, train her a bit.'

She was sure Teresa would become a wonderful wife.

❖❖❖