Chapter 25: Experiment

Although Yasmine and Vritra had started this plan, he was quite vigilant since this plan included a few assumptions—like the goddess would try to snatch the Mythic Halo while keeping him alive instead of first killing him and then collecting the loot—so this plan was still a bit dangerous.

Vritra wasn't worried that Diana could kill him, but once Yasmine had to use her ability to save him, then he would have no option but to leave the kingdom along with his mother. That was the worst outcome for now.

While Vritra was deep in thought, he began to feel hot. Without thinking much, he opened the window and wiped the sweat off his face.

"How strange, it wasn't so hot just now..." he mumbled, then he asked: "So how do I use that ability—Corpse Explosion? I plan to use the corpse of a goblin, not the soul wraith goblin, and how big will the explosion be?"

"Hmm, if you are just using a goblin corpse, then the explosion will be quite small. Just add a wisp of Nihil-Anima to the corpse, and whenever you will it, the corpse will explode," Yasmine explained.

After nodding, Vritra pulled out a corpse of a simple level 12 goblin from his inventory. Then he bent down and touched the corpse with his finger, letting a wisp of Nihil-Anima enter the corpse. Even though nothing changed on the surface, he could feel a slight connection as the invisible flame spread across the corpse.

"Explo—" Vritra suddenly stopped from testing this ability. After thinking for a moment, he decided that he should test it in someone else's room.

He opened the door and glanced outside. With his senses, he could feel that almost all the rooms were empty—almost!!

Two rooms, aside from his mother's and his own, still had someone in them, and after a moment, he remembered to whom these rooms belonged.

"Tyler and Jace? Heh." Vritra's lips curled up. He didn't plan to go himself. Instead, he extended his right hand and said in a low voice:

"EXHUME!!"

Instantly, a black shadow manifested and appeared in front of Vritra. It was a goblin, and although its body structure looked exactly the same as a normal goblin, it was pitch black in color, and its skin seemed to be covered by a dark fog, looking much more dangerous.

Nodding in satisfaction, Vritra first pointed towards the goblin corpse, then towards Jace's room, and gave a command:

"Take this corpse and throw it in that room, but very secretly."

Although the intelligence of these wraiths was still quite low, they could easily understand simple commands. But Vritra felt he needed to select a leader for his mindless army—an intelligent soul wraith.

The little demon wraith nodded its head, mirroring Vritra's action. Then it picked up the corpse and glanced to its left and right. After making sure, it ran towards the other corner of the corridor where Jace's room was located.

Jace and Tyler's rooms were next to each other, and both of them were in their rooms since they were recuperating after getting deathly injured earlier in the day. They were asleep at this moment.

Vritra sat back on the bed and closed the door, then shut his eyes, connecting to the senses of the goblin soul wraith—one of his abilities that allowed him to perceive everything the wraiths could sense.

Just as the wraith had opened the door, Vritra could clearly see the thin Jace lying weakly on the bed. He was deep in sleep. Although most of his injuries had healed, he was still wrapped in bandages.

And on closer look, a thin yellow layer could be seen around Jace's body. It seemed to be some kind of protective shield, probably put there to protect him by someone in case of another attack.

Without wasting a moment, the soul wraith threw the goblin in the room and disappeared instantly. It turned into a black and unnoticeable shadow and ran back towards Vritra's room. Passing under the door, it completely disappeared into Vritra's shadow.

"Let's see how it goes." After taking a deep breath, Vritra gave the mental command.

"Explode!!"

BOOOM!!!

The walls of all the rooms shook. The fire and force of the explosion spread into Jace's room and completely enveloped him before breaking into the room next to him and destroying everything.

Vritra: "..."

"Is that your definition of a small explosion?" he asked in exasperation. This small explosion was enough to shatter two large rooms.

"Huh? Isn't that weak? Try a soul wraith or a high-level corpse and see the explosion," Yasmine answered. With her standards, this was nothing.

Sighing, he decided to rest for the day. In any case, the experiment was successful, and the results were better than he expected. If he were to explode a large mountain of corpses...

Sigh, Vritra was already feeling pity for his enemies.

The explosion attracted the attention of lots of people. The guards came running towards the room and were shocked to see the level of damage. The two rooms were completely in shambles, and only two weak men could be seen in the fire.

They were rolling and squeaking like pigs on fire. Even though they were able to survive, the injuries were extremely bad, and their skin was completely scorched.

"Damn, someone attacked these two again. They aren't even the most talented in the group, so whom did these two offend? I knew it—these little rascals looked at all the women with such lustful eyes. They had it coming," a guard spoke after seeing their condition.

"Let's not waste time. We can't afford to let them die. Hey, you go inside and—" another guard was about to order.

"N- No, I am not going to do CPR and mouth to mouth this time. I did it earlier today, and now my children hate me. These bastards smell like shit; I am ready to quit this job."

"What are you talking about? I was asking you to go inform the commander about it and search the surroundings."

"Wait these two are gasping for breath, sorry but you will have to sacrifice yourself once again, but don't worry this time there mouth isn't filled with vomit and other liquids, they are only burnt... sigh do it or I'll expose your affair."

"Ugh... You are going to die a virgin captain, that's why you are single; why don't you try giving cpr this time, you could have your first kiss."

"..."

While the guards and others were busy talking, Vritra walked back to his mother's room. Vanessa too had come outside after hearing the noise, wondering if her son was affected, but she heaved a sigh after seeing him.

"What happened?" she asked.

"I was doing an experiment," Vritra replied as the two walked into the room.

"???" Vanessa had question marks on her head, but then she thought that it might be some new ability of his, so she didn't ponder much.

The two chatted for a while, talking about things from back on Earth to this new world, and soon both of them lay on the bed and closed their eyes.

Vanessa glanced at her son's face and thought: 'Since I have literally become a succubus, I need to form a connection with a man and acknowledge him as my master to truly display my ability and become stronger together.'

__________

Thanks for reading...