Chapter 374: The Demoness

"Ha! You mean that spineless emperor, don’t worry I will—" Raelion, of course, knew about that arrangement between them.

"No, I have got a man." Yennefer repeated, satisfaction filling her eyes as she watched the demon lord’s expression shift.

Along the side of her neck, where the milky skin was only faintly exposed, the demon lord noticed a subtle mark—barely visible, yet enough for him to understand its meaning.

His body shivered in rage and a deadly aura burst out of his body. The fact that someone else had touched and even gotten intimate with the woman he loves pissed him off completely.

"WHO WAS IT? TELL ME NOW, WHO IS THAT BASTARD?!!"

Raelion seemed to have gone mad. He was feeling exactly what the protagonist feels in the NTR genre.

Yennefer felt so satisfied; she ignored him and flew in a different direction.

He had always annoyed her and finally she got her revenge. Thankfully, the marks Vritra left on her body were still present, and he happened to see one.

’Haa Husband, where are you? I am already missing you...’ Yennefer had already thrown Raelion out of her mind.

She decided to continue her search for Vritra; the others could easily catch Maeve at this point.

As Yennefer flew away, Raelion was left there seething, feeling as if someone had made him wear a green hat.

He wanted to tear everything apart but knew he couldn’t linger around for too long.

He had never been this angry and sad in his life; his expressions were twisted as he disappeared, Yennefer’s words ringing in his ears.

’Whoever this man is, I am going to tear him limb to limb.’ Before leaving, he made a promise to himself.

***

Achoo!

Vritra sneezed while leaving the city of Charms. He had spent two days with the three women and got to know quite a bit about this place.

And it seemed this was just the perfect place for them now.

Diana was increasing her comprehension and doing all sorts of experiments, Fiona was also busy with her training, and Vanessa was the one who would benefit the most by staying there.

Although the princess couldn’t tell him more about that test, she assured that no matter what, Vanessa would be safe.

And since it was a way for her to get stronger and take the reign of the entire succubus race, of course Vanessa was going to do it; she wanted to protect her son after all.

Before Vritra had left, the princess had started to teach various things to Vanessa before she could start the test.

The news of Vritra staying in that city travelled on the first day, and quite a lot of succubus came to watch the new residents, especially Vritra.

"I wonder if someone is thinking about me." Vritra wondered, rubbing his nose.

"Yes certainly, you have quite a lot of passionate enemies after all, who must only be thinking about you day and night ignoring their sleep and food."

Yasmine joked, as they once again arrived in the bustling streets of Ghazi City.

Taking out the scroll mentioning the ten places where the Zihong’s inheritance could possibly be, Vritra decided to check them all one by one.

Two were in Ghazi City while the rest were outside.

"Let’s check this out first." Vritra mumbled and put away the scroll. If one skill could make Zihong such a legend, then he certainly needed to get it.

"My strength has recovered to almost the fourth Legion rank by now, sigh it feels like I am starting leveling up from the beginning." Yasmine muttered; even this growth felt slow to her.

’Maybe we should empty the treasury here too; there must be a whole lot of soul potions here.’ Vritra pondered, though he knew it was going to be extremely difficult.

[Book of Dimensions Activated.]

While the two chatted, he entered the dimensional book and flew at full speed. Getting that skill wasn’t going to be easy even if he found it; otherwise, others could have already gotten it.

It wasn’t long before Vritra arrived near the boundary of the city.

There was a cave inside the forest. Vritra carefully entered and after walking for nearly twenty minutes, he arrived in a vast space that was filled with all sorts of snakes.

There lay thousands of snakes from tiny to enormous, a perfect place for all the nature lovers and ex.

Marking this place off his list, Vritra then moved towards the second location but similarly couldn’t find anything.

Then he flew out of the city, always careful to hide his presence to the best of his ability, even his dragon waifu helped.

"And here comes the third location." Yasmine announced as Vritra landed in front of yet another cave.

[Book of Dimensions Activated.]

"Hm? This cave has humans inside, are they here to explore as well?" Yasmine wondered.

There were nearly ten people inside the cave and they certainly weren’t there for a picnic.

’Yeah, maybe others are looking for that skill as well. Anyway, let’s check it out.’ Vritra ignored those humans and walked inside, completely unnoticed.

Soon he walked out in disappointment yet again. Without wasting a moment he headed towards the next location.

...

Soon they were at the fourth location.

After scanning it from outside, Vritra headed inside.

After an hour, he came back, a frown on his face. God knows what sort of creature lived there, but it smelled extremely bad.

"Haa it seems searching for that skill might be the most difficult part of it." Vritra said as he flew up, before heading towards the next location.

A few kilometres from there, the injured Maeve was flying aimlessly, barely keeping herself alive as the humans chased after her and kept attacking.

She scanned her surroundings, and all of a sudden changed her direction, pushing the space behind with every bit of her remaining strength.

Even her mind had stopped to work properly at this moment, but she wasn’t going to give up easily.

Maeve saw a familiar man, someone she had seen not long ago in the White kingdom along with the empress.

Someone who could make the empress express such emotions and expressions was certainly not ordinary and was definitely quite important.

So she decided to gamble; her life and death depended on this last attempt.

Gathering every bit of strength she could, the demon queen rushed towards the ordinary-looking human.

It was Ben from the White kingdom, or rather, Vritra who was busy chatting with his wife and just minding his own business.

"!!!" Vritra sensed several presences heading in his direction. He paused in the air for a moment and looked back.

A woman whose body was covered in blood and whose appearance looked quite strange, as if her disguise was only half complete, was flying towards him at a fast speed.

’Why is this giving me a feeling of déjà vu?’ he wondered, remembering the time the empress had charged towards him.

Vritra wasn’t planning to get involved needlessly in others’ affairs but just as he was about to disappear into his dimensional book, a faint pink cloud surrounded him and made his head muddled for a couple of seconds.

"Stop her!!" the men shouted, trying to catch up with that burst of speed.

When Vritra returned to his senses, Maeve was exactly in front of him, her glowing eyes looking into his for a moment and then...

BITE!

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...