Chapter 520 Pitiful One

Looking at the big clothes shop, Vritra landed on the ground and headed inside. Instantly several maids rushed up to him, leading him inside.

Everyone in the realm already knew about his return.

After climbing to the 2nd floor, Vritra found Gunter and his wife, Ava seated together.

"Son, you are here!!" the couple spoke at the same time, as Ava rushed forward to give him a hug.

She still looked weak but was healing rapidly, it wouldn't be long before she was perfectly fine.

"Oh um yes, but why did you call me here?" Vritra questioned, as Ava took a step back.

She looked at him with teary eyes, he had grown so much and looked so good, to the point she found it difficult to recognise him.

Strangely though, Ava didn't really remember how he actually looked.

"Hadn't your father informed you yet? The Ford family is organizing an event for you tomorrow, there you will be meeting your future bride." Ava answered, before adding:

"This will be a really important event for you, so we need you to look the best."

'An event, I wonder what their motive is…' Vritra thought, wondering how exactly this would give him information about Yennefer.

"It seems they will be announcing the marriage arrangement to the world, maybe also introducing you to everyone and maybe some other motives. Hubby, this will be fun." Yasmine spoke, floating around him.

'Well it doesn't matter what they have planned, my motives are pretty clear.'

While conversing with her, he got pulled towards one of the seats by Ava.

"But why are they holding the marriage trials for that Tiny girl if you two are already engaged? Was it because Art had disappeared? Maybe they will also cancel the trials now." The dragoness spoke to herself.

Vritra didn't really need any clothes, with Goop present in his arsenal, he could turn it into any type of outfit.

The excited couple brought him from one shop to another, purchasing various things, but Ava got tired and so the shopping finally ended.

Vritra returned to his room and didn't really have much to do for the rest of the day.

But just a few minutes after Yasmine came out of the fourth dimension, there was a knock on the door.

"Enter." Vritra sat up while Yasmine disappeared once again, before he opened the lock from inside using dust manipulation.

"Cough Hello nephew, I heard about tomorrow's event." A meek middle aged man entered the room.

Vritra remembered seeing him a few days back in the arena, he was one of the few who hadn't jumped to fight him but was still against him.

"Why are you here?" Vritra's face had no emotion, yet his gaze alone made the middle aged guy shiver.

"U- Uhm… P- Please forgive me for my rude behaviour back then, after seeing y- your capability, I believe there would be no better ruler than you. I brought some gifts, I hope you can accept these."

He took out several objects from his storage glyph and put them over the table.

"Hmm, is there anything else?" after a few moments passed Vritra questioned, seeing the guy linger there hesitatingly.

"Uhm just know that I fully support you now, I- I heard about your marriage announcement." He continued slowly. Previously, this was kept a secret so only a few knew about it.

"So?" raising a brow, he asked him to continue curiously.

"Sigh this must be hard on you, making this big of a sacrifice for the family, just know that I will help you in whatever way I can." The guy looked at him with a pity filled gaze, sighing as he stood up.

"Huh? What do you mean?" Vritra's confusion only increased.

"It's okay, I know you don't want to marry her either and this marriage is being forced upon you, but just stay strong." Finally he left, patting his chest with sadness.

Art's uncle couldn't believe he was opposing a guy like him, someone who was sacrificing himself for their good.

It filled him with grief and self loathing.

Vritra was left sitting in the room confused, what sort of woman was his fiance supposed to be, that even his enemies would start pitying him.

KNOCK KNOCK

Just then, another knock sounded interrupting his thoughts.

"Enter…" Vritra said, and then another of his uncles from one of the branch families came with his wife.

"Sigh Art, I know it is tough on you, we are sorry for thinking of you wrongly before. Please accept these gifts and find it in your heart to forgive us." The man said.

"Your Fiance… Sigh that woman, I understand she has a really bad reputation and is well not good enough for you, but thank you for doing this for the family." The woman said with genuine warmth in her eyes.

Vritra: "…"

Yasmine: "…"

And that was the start, soon more of his uncles and aunts came to visit him with all sorts of gifts.

Even the ones who got severely injured by him before, they were brought there by servants and showed concern towards him.

Soon, his room was flooding with gifts, most of the family members had come to visit Vritra.

…

'There is something very seriously wrong with the situation, why are even people like them pitying me? They can't even move, and I am the one whose future is bleak?'

Vritra rubbed his forehead, telling the guards not to let anymore members inside the room.

"Whatever might be the case, it's not like you need to marry. We will disappear right after getting the necessary information." Yasmine said as she appeared back and lay down on the bed, her head resting over his lap.

"…Yeah, but when has anything been that simple in my life? Let's see how tomorrow goes, I will be meeting the Ford family… sigh if only Yennefer was here, I wouldn't need to wait to punish that giant guy." Vritra thought, sighing.

The rest of the day passed uneventfully, many others went to meet him.

Even Gunter came to provide moral support, while apologizing.

It left Vritra wondering how bad the woman would be for everyone to react like that.

Was she that ugly, or ill mannered or something even worse?

He just stopped thinking and let his dragon waifu heal him, locking the room and surrounding it with barriers.

The two spent some intimate time, and like before, there was just no end to Yasmine's hunger.

She always wanted more of him, thankfully Vritra wasn't one to get tired easily, he could keep on going and even surpass her libido.

Time passed really quickly as the two talked or were busy fucking, the two only stopped when it got late at night.

So late, that just after an hour, the sun rose high.

Vritra slept peacefully inside the room with his gorgeous wife in his arms, their naked bodies pressed tight.

Since the room was covered by barriers, no voice got inside and others weren't even able to open the door.

And so, the main character of the Ford family's event was late, sleeping still while the event was about to start.

Though he woke up around nine, after having his quality sleep, only then did he notice the crowd gathered outside.

❖❖❖