Chapter 693 The Blood Thread

"Oh, if it isn't the famous Adam, aren't you bringing those beauties inside?" Morgan smiled evilly, his eyes full of hatred.

His back was still twitching so badly from pain, pants full of blood.

"Why? You want your other eye stabbed as well? Or did you like the Monk's torture a bit too much- oh no, you are wet again, did he take your virginity?" Vritra chuckled.

"You bastard!" Morgan was really angry, no one had ever treated him with such disrespect.

He had even sent his men to kill his family, how did they even survive?

"Sir, isn't that red monster coming inside with us? Please bring him inside, it will be safer for us." One of the men pleaded.

Vritra just ignored him then looked at the countless eggs on the walls and the circle on the ground.

"How many of you are willing to follow me ahead to find the treasure? I will guarantee your safety and share with you any treasure we find!" Morgan suddenly shouted.

He noticed that the restriction over their abilities was slowly disappearing.

"…" the men hesitated, glancing at one another.

"I- I will follow you, you will really keep me safe? And give me a part of the treasure?" a young guy asked, he was clearly with Morgan earlier.

"Of course, I would die before I let anything happen to my followers. You see all these scars on my body? I fought bravely to protect my men, almost dying!" Morgan shouted.

Vritra just shook his head, all those who had entered the door were not going to survive anyway, so he didn't bother with anyone.

"I will f- follow you too!"

"Me too! Please sir, allow me to join your team, my ability is great at finding things!"

One after another, nearly all the men had sided with Morgan, although they had seen him get humiliated earlier.

But they were just desperate to cling to anything that seemed reliable.

"Good good, I will protect you all. But first we gotta deal with the troublesome man, or he might cause trouble for us all like earlier.

I only accidentally bumped into him before and he went that far. What do you all think he would do for the treasure?" Morgan spoke.

'Hmm not bad, he is pretty good at manipulating others.' Vritra thought.

After hearing Morgan, all the hateful gazes turned towards him.

They all felt if they showed their abilities now, they would receive favour from Morgan and a bigger part of the reward.

To please him all of them were ready to cut this one man apart.

"Sure sure, come inside and kill me." Vritra stepped into the circle, standing there while holding the spear.

He could kill them all to earn points quickly, but it was pretty meaningless, who knew what abilities they might possess.

So it was better to preserve energy for the beast wave, where he would get a whole lot of points and attributes.

"Ughh you coward, come outside if you dare!" one guy shouted.

"Act like a man, don't hide inside like a coward, come out and fight!"

"Don't copy me bastard, that's what I said!"

"Heh you think you are safe inside? Then face my Ice spikes!" a middle aged man laughed as he pressed his hands against the ground.

CRACK CRACK CRACK

Then spikes began to break out of the ground rapidly, heading dangerously for Vritra.

"Sigh" he sighed, they really wanted to die and give the sin points to him so badly?

"I guess it can't be helped." A thin thread of blood appeared out of nowhere, it was invisible to the naked eye.

But it was extremely sharp, Vritra made it extremely flexible then pulled it to one side with extreme force.

As for the ice spikes, he just launched a spiritual burst to make the head of the man explode.

BOOM

The spikes stopped instantly, the others were shocked as the head of one of them exploded suddenly.

Their heads turned automatically as suddenly a very faint noise sounded.

TUK

The wire was let go, it shot towards the men at such extreme force and speed, barely a few with suitable abilities were even able to notice.

"DUCK!!" a man shouted as he quickly sat down.

Not all were fast enough though, a few ducked instantly as the wire swept through the ground.

THUD

It hit the walls, striking the egg which made cracks form over it.

But no one focused on that, only sixty or so men had managed to duck in time among the hundreds of them.

The ones who were standing had their faces full of shock, as the upper part of their bodies started to slide down.

Thin red lines appeared which instantly soaked their clothes in blood.

THUD THUD THUD

Vritra had seen a scene like this on reels, where people were killed like this in a bus and once in a ship.

A few who reacted a bit late had their heads cut off, giving them instant deaths.

But others who only had their torsos torn were mostly still alive.

They screamed in pain, trying to find their own lower halves as pools of blood and internal organs formed over the ground.

Dozens upon dozens of messages popped before Vritra, giving him thousands of sin points.

He didn't really care about this bunch of people, the moment they entered the door they were going to die anyway.

There was no treasure, it was just a deadly trap.

But for him it was an endless grinding place.

While the people were screaming in terror, Vritra without even glancing at his sin points ordered:

'Use all my sin points and open 1,000 points worth rewards.'

As the wheel began to spin, even more messages began to pop before him.

Neil looked at the survivors who looked absolutely terrified, none of them dared to even get close to him.

Now they knew why Morgan had used them to fight him instead of himself, he didn't even take the lead.

This filled them all with rage towards Morgan, it was all a trap from the beginning.

While standing inside the circle Vritra felt his body grow stronger as the attribute points got added.

He just glanced at the free attributes.

{Free Attribute: 98}

"Hmm add all these points to endurance, I will need more stamina." He said, ignoring the remaining people he gazed back.

Vanessa, Yasmine, Fiona, Teresa, Maeve, Diana and Yennefer all were worried but they smiled in support.

Vritra nodded as a rumbling sound rang out.

DRRRRRRR…

The doors were starting to close, it startled many of them, a couple of men tried to run back.

BAM

But there was some invisible wall that stopped them from leaving, one man fell back while the other was crushed between the heavy metallic doors.

Morgan managed to survive, mainly because Vritra had let him, but all his mindless puppets were gone.

As the door closed, a vibration ran through the entire cave and then…

CRACK CRACK CRACK

Suddenly, the eggs began to crack, and suddenly a message popped before them all.

[Stay outside the circle and be devoured by the beasts, stay inside and be devoured by rage!]

They trembled and understood, so staying inside the circle was safer?

They all looked back at the circle where only Vritra was standing, and frowned, afraid of him.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios