Chapter 189: Rewards

Vritra could have continued with his attack, but he enjoyed the rain of sin points. After this, he would definitely be able to upgrade a skill or two. Even while fighting this legion rank, Vritra had the time to think about which skill to upgrade and how to get rid of the king.

"Oh! You are stronger than I thought. I am sorry for looking down on you. I guess this is the price of my mistake. Anyway, I won’t make the same mistake again. I will be going all out from now on," the ice guy spoke, his expression becoming solemn.

"Sure, though I will still look down on you—cough, I mean, let’s have a good fight." Daddy V almost came out, but Vritra held him back, continuing with Jin Woo.

The two remained silent for a few seconds before rushing forward. Number four’s body was soon completely covered by ice, but he didn’t notice the tiny cut that appeared over his shoulder. A drop of blood stuck to Vritra’s shoe.

With a fluid motion, he touched the drop of blood before barely managing to dodge the several ice spikes that rushed from different directions.

[Blood Lock Activated.]

Now, Vritra just needed to wait a bit until the ice guy got a bit weaker. Until then, he only needed to pretend to barely dodge and get a few cuts over his skin. He used Shift and sent most of his strength points into agility.

The ice guy was using all kinds of skills—he tried to trap Vritra, corner him, and whatnot, but Vritra was always one step ahead. Even though he got a few cuts here and there, he was barely managing to hold on. All the audience had gone quiet and were on the edge of their seats, feeling very anxious.

At several moments, it seemed Vritra was about to lose or get severely injured, but he always got out with small injuries. But in reality, Vritra didn’t receive any cut—otherwise, his purple blood would have been visible. It was all fake, as his clothes got covered in red blood taken from the corpses stored in his inventory.

The fight continued for over an hour, and the ice guy had started to notice that his body seemed slower and his overall battle prowess had also decreased—after all, the difference was over thirty percent.

So far, Vritra had just been dodging, but now he finally started to counterattack, though they were barely doing anything. The spectators were extremely nervous, especially the ones that supported Vritra.

The notifications of sin points were almost blinding—they kept refreshing every passing moment. Vritra glanced towards the king and saw him glancing towards Vanessa several times. He was already making plans to abduct her.

There is almost no chance that a person in a high position wouldn’t be corrupted, no matter how good they appeared to everyone. It’s just that a few people have their principles, and others wouldn’t hesitate to make the most cruel choices for their benefits.

’If I kill him directly, it will undoubtedly attract a lot of trouble... hmm, I guess I might have to use the first prince for it, but how do I do that?’ Vritra pondered as he hit the ice guy’s face with a dust whip and barely dodged another attack.

The three women’s entire attention was completely on Vritra. They were still worried about him. Though they could tell he wasn’t really injured—Vritra had informed a bit of his plan to them.

Fiona and Diana were quite surprised that Vritra could actually match that level of strength so easily. How long had it been since he arrived in this world, after all?

After thirty or so more minutes, the ice guy had greatly weakened, and finally, the match seemed as if it was about to come to an end. Vritra seemed to be barely standing, but it looked as if he was holding on purely by willpower.

BANG

With an explosive sound, the ice guy fell back and began to pant heavily. He stared at the sky in amazement. Never would he have thought that he would actually end up losing—though Vritra seemed in a much worse shape than him—but in the end, he was the loser.

"AMAZING!! None of us could have imagined such a result—Jin Woo has become the champion of the competition!!" TK roared along with the audience. All the people were truly shocked.

Vritra, at level 999, had managed to defeat a legion-ranked warrior. This was such a great feat that it had happened only a very, very few times in history.

"So you are the Jin Woo that I have been hearing a lot about these past few days. Go give him healing medicine," the king ordered one of his guards, who disappeared and appeared beside Vritra, who was seated on the floor and breathing heavily.

Taking the potion, Vritra thanked the king and drank it immediately. No kind of poison was effective against him after he obtained the twin hearts. Not to mention, the king wouldn’t just try to kill him for no reason.

"Thank you, my lord." After a short rest, Vritra stood up and bowed slightly. Then he stood straight and glanced at the ice guy, giving him a short nod.

Soon the ice guy was carried out by a few guards as the barrier disappeared. TK climbed onto the arena and patted Vritra’s shoulder before speaking in a thunderous voice:

"Give a cheer for our winner, Jin Woooooo!!"

The public screamed wildly and sent even more sin points. Then the king flew from his throne, followed by his guards, as he landed in front of Vritra and stood proudly.

As the public quieted down, Vritra bowed slightly again and said respectfully: "I am sorry, my lord. I don’t know the right way to greet someone of your position."

"Haha, it is perfectly fine. Young and promising men like you should just focus on their future. Your battle just now was truly brilliant. If you wish, I can give you a spot of high position right now," Henry spoke. He caressed his long moustache and touched the hilt of the sword present at his waist.

"Thank you for your offer, but for now I wish to wander around the world. But I would certainly love to help the people of our kingdom after I am done," Vritra declined politely.

"It is fine, I understand." The king nodded, then he looked towards the sky and said in a rather humble way: "Sir, he is the winner from our kingdom."

Vritra too looked above, but he couldn’t sense anyone there. Maybe Nether Eye could help, but for now, he couldn’t use it.

Just then, a man wrapped in black clothes, almost like a ninja, descended from the sky and landed slowly beside the king and Vritra.

Without saying a word, he took out a black cube and passed it to Vritra before asking: "What is your field?"

His voice was rough and seemed to have an oppressive aura much stronger than even Henry.

"I don’t know, sir," Vritra replied, as he glanced at the Glyph before putting it away. This was the first one he came in contact with, after all.

"So, an empty 1st-grade Legion stone..." he mumbled and took out another object.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...