Chapter 257: Insatiable [R-18]

Vritra slowly began to push his penis forward, as the tip pushed through her outer labia and started to make its way deeper into her vagina. He instantly felt the hotness of her soft pussy walls as the folds began to wrap around the head.

Diana shut her eyes tight, she could clearly feel how his hard member was inching into her body, pushing aside her fleshy walls and making way for itself.

"Hngggg~ Huff Mmmm~" As half of his cock went into her vagina, Diana had started to feel pain yet despite the pain she didn’t want him to stop, a strange feeling of closeness filled her heart towards Vritra.

Diana spread her arms, opening her eyes and looking at Vritra with a cute and needy look.

Seeing the cute goddess, Vritra couldn’t help but lean forward giving a soft kiss on her lips, and with a hard thrust he pushed the entire length of his cock deep into her vagina, feeling the extreme tightness of her folds.

His cock was surrounded by hotness and almost felt like it could twist from her flesh walls, Diana let out a muffled moan as a wave of pain ran through her body, blood leaked out of her vagina along with her love juices.

Reaching into the deepest part of her body, Diana felt inexplicably close and attached to Vritra, it really felt they had become one and she understood why Vanessa mentioned that this was a really important step in the relationship.

Slowly the pain began to dissipate, Vritra didn’t move at all.

Hugging her soft body, he continued to kiss her lips and neck, and after a few minutes of being connected, all the pain finally disappeared and only the strong itch remained inside her vagina.

She really wanted him to move, and hit her insides with his long thing.

"I- I am fine now." Diana said finally, wriggling her body under him, trying to make the tip of his cock poke against her insides.

"So?" Vritra bit the milky skin of her neck and asked, staying still, clearly feeling her actions.

"Aaaah~ P- Please move now... Hnnnggggg~" The goddess said with a shy look on her face, hugging him tightly and feeling incredibly happy.

Finally, he pulled back and sat over his knees, then Vritra gripped her thighs before pulling her legs up and putting them over his shoulders. He was going back to the rough sex since she was ready.

Pulling his cock back slowly until only the tip remained inside her body, he suddenly gave a hard push forward, hitting the entrance of her womb.

THWAP THWAP

"Wai- Ahhhhhhhh~ T- That’s too rough Hnnnnnnnn~ Uuuuuumph~" the goddess moaned, her entire body jiggled as Vritra began to thrust his cock deep into her body, their bodies hitting together.

Like a heavy hammer, the tip of his cock hit her cervix and sending pleasure throughout her body. After a few minutes Vritra suddenly turned her body over and raised her ass, then gripping her waist, he began to thrust from the back.

Within moments of such a hard push, the newbie goddess couldn’t last long as she orgasmed, splashing her warm juices over his body.

But Vritra still didn’t stop, he continued to ram his penis into her body from behind, feeling as the tightness of her pussy increased.

She was squeezing him with so much force each time he went deep into her and when he tried to pull, it was as if her body was sucking him back inside.

In just a few minutes, Diana had orgasmed several times and soon she finally felt his cock twitch inside her pussy and knew what was going to happen.

"Hmmmm~ G- Give it to haa me, master Oooooh~ Y- Yesssss~"

Diana felt as if she had lost all the strength in her body, if Vritra wasn’t holding her waist she would be lying on the bed limply. From the beginning, this whole thing was too stimulating for her.

Finally, Vritra reached his limit and came inside her body, he thrusted with even more force as the tip of his cock entered her womb and then shot waves after wave of burning hot thick semen inside her belly.

Feeling the sticky seeds filling her body, Diana clenched her pussy around his cock as more and more semen poured into her body, almost making her feel full.

When he was done, Vritra didn’t pull out his cock instead he turned her over and pulled her onto his lap, as the two faced each other.

Vritra kissed her luscious lips, moving his tongue into her mouth as Diana dazedly reciprocated the kiss. He wrapped his hands around her body, the goddess’s boobs squishing against his chest as he pushed her body down onto his cock.

And so began the second round, Vritra wasn’t going to feel satisfied until he had done it a few more times with such a delicious goddess, she was too sweet to be wasted as a symbol of religion.

Diana hugged his neck as the two tasted each other’s saliva once again, their scents mixing up.

Her body bounced on top of him as his cock molded her pussy to match its shape, there was no pain despite such a large thing going inside her but only pleasure remained.

The two went at it for several rounds, Vritra filled her belly again and again; despite feeling no strength in her body the goddess just couldn’t have enough of him.

After several hours of nonstop sex, Diana was filled with the last wave of semen as she lay limply on top of him, feeling completely exhausted.

His cock was still stuffed into her vagina, stopping the leakage of the semen filling up her womb.

"T- That was incredible, I never thought huff huff anything could feel mmmm~ so great even though haa it had a taboo feeling hnnggg..." Diana said, just the slightest movement made her feel his cock inside her vagina.

She was surprised that Vritra could keep on going for so long and it didn’t seem he had reached his limit yet, only then did the goddess remember Vanessa’s advice and indeed Vritra has great stamina.

"Rest a bit longer, then we will return to the castle." Vritra said, as he took a deep breath, feeling her body and the softness of her pussy.

"Mmm" Diana nodded meekly as she cuddled into his arms, rubbing her cheeks against his chest with a blanket covering their bodies.

Over this period of time, thankfully no one came to this part of the forest except a few beasts that were stopped or killed by the soul wraiths.

...

After a while, Diana who was enjoying staying in Vritra’s embrace had to get up reluctantly, she sat on top of him and barely stopped herself from starting to bounce on top of him again.

She raised her body and his cock finally came out of her pussy; Diana instantly wore her panties and stopped the semen from leaking feeling a shudder.

She loved the feeling of his hot and sticky semen being present inside her belly, it gave her a feeling of fullness.

The two quickly dressed up, Vritra put away the bed and called all the soul wraiths back that were currently guarding them.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...