Chapter 766 The Real Divine

All the people watched in awe and shock as Art Yate killed one dragon after another, one punch was all it took for him to kill them.

Explosive sounds continued to ring out in the sky, blood constantly raining down as even Raldy seemed shocked.

"Y- You... how are you so strong?" he muttered.

Zira's gaze moved towards Vritra and she recognized him finally, wasn't he the person who had come to meet Onest?

She wasn't from the Yate Realm originally so she didn't recognize the young lord, but now her eyes were wide open.

Her husband was friends with someone so strong? Maybe it was better to just stay with him?

Onest saw the look change in Zira's eyes and he panicked, he could tell Vritra was just gathering points as usual.

'Wasn't this all just to save me? Ughh at this rate, she won't leave me ever.' He thought, then urged:

"S- See that, you bastard Raldy, that is our lord, do you think you can defeat him?"

"Hmph, who do you think I am, that is nothing for me, I can kill him even half asleep!" Raldy spoke, fully confident.

"Hah jokes on you, he is fully awake, you are going to die bastard!" someone from the crowd shouted, before hiding back.

All of them looked at the sky and watched as Vritra continued to slaughter one dragon after another.

It was such a gruesome yet great sight, all of them could feel their hearts beating like war drums.

They were so excited.

'Not bad, but we need more people.' Vritra thought, flying towards another target.

In just a short time he had killed all eighty of the dragons, yet they could do nothing to him.

During the entirety of the fight he hadn't even received a single scratch, this was a one-sided victory.

Another wave of passive points poured in by the end of the fight, the crowd already way past 50,000.

Then Vritra appeared in front of Raldy, his body was covered in the blood of the dragons, his aura was so strong that everyone admired him.

"Now all your dragons are gone, do you have any other tricks? If not, I am going to give you the most painful death." Vritra muttered, yet his voice was loud enough to reach everyone.

And they all began to cheer him up.

{Sin Point Gained: Cheered +59,424}

{Sin Point Gained: Admired +59,422}

...

"With just that much strength? Did you think I would be scared or something? Hahaha. That is all you are capable of and you want to kill me?" Raldy laughed loudly as if he had heard the funniest joke.

"We will know that pretty soon, let's see if you have anything other than your arrogance." Vritra asked, as he took a fighting pose, appearing serious.

The crowd shifted back even further, seeing the seriousness they knew this fight was going to be very big.

There was a moment of silence and then both took a step forward, their fists flashed forward, as a strong storm engulfed everything.

BOOOOM

A sonic boom sounded as visible shockwaves travelled in all directions.

Their fists collided with such strong force, Vritra and Shitless weren't even using 1% of their strength.

And Vritra still didn't need to use the mythic halo to create illusion for special effects, all the people were shocked.

Raldy was really so strong? They thought Art would be able to defeat him quickly.

After the first punch, the two of them were pushed back, almost equally.

But Vritra knew, he would have to let Shitless win first after all they still needed to help Onest.

Zira again seemed confused, Onest felt so angry that he wanted to crack her skull open.

This dumb woman, why can't she just make up her mind, she keeps swinging to both sides.

'Raldy, w- what if he actually wins? I- I will just beg him to spare my sons in exchange for marrying me.'

But seeing how Raldy was so unscrupulous, Zira knew she can't trap him like she did with Onest so she would have to listen to him forever.

Yet it was fine, he can give her far more than Onest or anyone else.

While her decision was becoming firmer, she watched the fight, a part of her hoping that Raldy actually wins.

BOOOM

Vritra kicked Raldy's head but the other guy quickly blocked it with his arm and punched towards Vritra's chest.

Which he dodged by using the force from the kick, so far the two seemed almost equal.

But the battle was only getting more and more dangerous, only in the eyes of thousands of observers.

But for Vritra and Shitless they were completely relaxed.

"Vritra, it is finally time." Suddenly, Divine's voice sounded in his mind.

'Hmm? What time?' Vritra was a little surprised but he didn't pause fighting, while waiting for his reply.

"Time for this avatar of mine to finally disappear, I had fulfilled the cause for which I was created. I protected my sisters and am now leaving them in your care." Divine spoke in a strangely solemn tone.

'You are dying?' Vritra asked, no matter how much he wanted to beat him up, but it was Divine who had helped him so much.

Evelyn was also there just behind the scenes but Divine had helped him so much.

"No, that's not it. I will just be returning to my main body since my energy has run out, and the main body is still kind of stuck somewhere, which is why the real me can't be here himself." Divine replied.

But then he added: "Don't worry though, I had in advance left another avatar near you, which won't be leaving your side anytime soon."

Now that Divine had mentioned it, Vritra asked curiously:

'Is it Shitless? ...Although he is pretty useless most of the time, but he seems to be the biggest candidate.'

Vritra looked at Shitless who was seriously fighting against him, was this guy truly the Divine?

Shitless noticed the change in Vritra's gaze, wondering if there is some change in the plan?

"Why don't you try asking him first?" Divine spoke instead of giving the answer right away, and Vritra was pretty used to it.

Sigh...

"Shitless, are you the Divine?" Vritra asked, his voice only reaching the monk and none other.

And this question shocked Shitless greatly, he couldn't understand why Vritra was even asking such a question.

'Am I the Divine? Huh wait, i- is that why I am so special? I knew from the b- birth I wasn't a normal being, but I am the Divine pitiful one had told us about? I was the Divine all along?!!' Shitless thought in shock.

Then a confident smile appeared on his face and he asked: "What gave it away?"

Vritra: "..."

How can this be? This monk Shitless is the Divine? The wannabe evil demon?

No wonder he never died, no matter what sort of circumstance he is in, Shitless always survives.

Vritra almost lost faith in humanity and this world, especially the Divine, how can the Divine be... be this?

Then the Divine's pet that Bullo, was it also someone powerful?

"Hahahaha." Divine's laughter rang out suddenly in Vritra's mind.

"You are indeed right on one thing, the real me sent one avatar to be close with you along with his pet." The Divine finally confirmed it.

So Shitless really is the second avatar of the Divine, how unexpected but before Vritra could be more disappointed, Divine added:

"But you got the roles all reversed."

'What? Reversed? You mean...' Vritra again looked at Shitless and then in the far corner located Bullo.

"Yes, you are right. Bullo all along has been an avatar of mine who came along with a pet called Shitless.

You have seen how Shitless never dies in any situation but Bullo never did either, and how can Bullo let its pet die, that is why Shitless always survives." Divine finally explained properly.

Vritra was so baffled that he didn't dodge the punch from Shitless, letting it hit his shoulder.

It didn't contain any real power but to just show, he flew back and smashed into the ground, the crowd all getting worried.

Instead of getting up immediately, Vritra remained seated in the hole for a few moments and let the information sink in.

Bullo is Divine's avatar? So when it is not around them, it might be following in its insect form.

But most of the time Bullo's strength is locked as it is hidden and can't display it on the Zoratian planet.

So Shitless is not the Divine, hoo what a relief, Vritra almost lost faith in most things just now.

'But why did he agree to it so confidently then?' he wondered and looked up, only to notice that Shitless was acting even more arrogant now.

That monk has really started to think of himself as the Divine.

Heh...

Vritra shook his head, as he flew back up and punched him, hard enough to make him smash into the ground.

Then he landed into the big crater and spoke:

"You are not the Divine, get over it, I will explain things later." Vritra spoke, then he gripped Raldy's collar and threw him back into the sky.

"Oh..." Shitless was now feeling disappointed, he was already imagining turning gods into his pets.

The people watching the battle were experiencing all sorts of emotions, it wasn't yet certain who was going to win.

But Sin Points, they surely weren't going to stop pouring.

"Anyway, before I disappear completely, there are a couple of things I have to do." Divine said, he also needed to give him some information.

Vritra nodded, and remained silent to hear Divine's last words while a figure suddenly flashed not too far away.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios