Chapter 122: Dawn

Vritra frowned as he heard the second man’s begging.

After a moment, he muttered: "Bobby."

The metallic ball flashed and pierced through the assassin’s brain, killing him instantly.

All four of the strongest present were dead.

Vritra turned and looked at the few people who were still wriggling and groaning on the ground.

"Go ahead," he ordered, and instantly Hellmancer began to collect the souls of all the fallen assassins and killed if they still had some vitality left.

He looked away from the soul wraith, who was happily picking up the souls like free money, and turned his gaze towards the direction of the stairs.

Within a minute, a little over nine hundred men had already died.

A few more people kept entering the dome—only to regret their decision as they were instantly attacked by the tiny dust devils.

...

Outside the black market, a black ray of light flashed at an extreme speed, heading straight towards the base of the Dawn Minion.

Wherever he ran, he left behind an extreme murderous aura, making the surrounding seem as if a disaster had just passed.

It was Dawn, the leader of the Dawn Minion—the one person who could match the battle strength of the Golden Knight, the hidden protector of the king.

He had travelled far because of a mission he had received from the Nine Pacts. They wanted him to create some trouble near one of the borders, kill a few guards, and turn the arrangements there upside down.

He ran back the moment he had received that danger signal, but just after a few seconds, the life spheres of all the members of his Dawn Minion began to explode at an extremely fast speed.

Even four of the five sub leaders were killed in such a short span, and more than ninety percent of the members were already dead.

All his life’s work— everything he had put so much effort into— was being destroyed just like that.

He felt enraged— so much that he disregarded everything and used one of his trump cards to arrive at his home as soon as possible. Yet he was still too late.

Not a single member of his large family was left by the time he arrived there.

Taking out a short sword, the streak of light entered the black market and then headed straight for the place where all his people were being killed.

WHOOSH

Right after entering, the first thing he saw were the hundreds of corpses—all dismembered and in pieces. They weren’t even given a simple death; all of them were tortured before they were killed.

Dawn’s rage shot off the roof as he let out a wild roar and, with his short sword, charged toward the only person still standing amongst the layer of corpses.

Using his speed, Dawn made his move before that merciless killer could notice and plunged his sword through his chest, pinning him against the wall.

"DIE, YOU IMBECILE!!! DIEEEEEEE!!" While staring at his blood stained face, Dawn roared.

But despite being stabbed right into the heart, this murderer didn’t show any sign of fear or pain. Instead, his twisted smile widened as his body began to deform.

"Looking for me?" A mocking voice sounded right beside the leader, surprising him a bit, since the one he had killed was just a dust clone.

But he quickly came back to his senses, wasting no time.

He moved at full speed and rotated around while waving the short sword, drawing a half circle in the air.

WHOOSH

CLANG

But as the sword hit Vritra’s shoulder, he was only pushed back one step. It wasn’t able to harm him in the slightest.

"Is that all?" Vritra’s smile cracked as he looked at the leader with a crazy expression. This was the person who had targeted his mother in his absence.

"..." Dawn didn’t want to talk at all. He instantly began to use his strongest move as black smoke began to gather around his short sword.

But just then, the enraged leader saw a metallic ball the size of a fist flash in front of his eyes, and at a terrifying speed, the ball cut off both his hands from around his wrists.

The move was interrupted, and the vast amount of energy had no place to escape. All of this was too sudden, and Dawn wasn’t able to control anything as both his hands exploded violently into a bloody mess.

BOOOOOOM!!

He was thrown back and smashed into the wall, coughing blood as the entire hall shook violently. Pain and shock were written all over his face. Since he was on an open mission, he didn’t even have the time to cover his face.

"M- Myriad level?!!" As one of the strongest people in the entire Dunshire Kingdom, of course he knew about them—though he had never seen one before.

’So powerful, no wonder... so we never stood a chance against him from the start. Sigh... Just why is this all happening?

Being from a murderous occupation, we all know that we would never have a good end, but this... did we end up between the conspiracies of top powers?’ Dawn coughed violently and stared at Vritra in a daze.

After a moment, it seemed he had given up on fighting. He simply asked: "J- Just why did you haa do all this?"

Vritra walked closer to him and instead of answering, he asked a question of his own: "A couple days ago, someone asked your assassin group to abduct a woman from the castle. Who was it?"

"..." Dawn fell into deep thoughts.

He had been out for the important missions of the Nine Pacts, so his underlings had been looking over all the missions. But he was aware of all the missions they took.

"COUGH I- It was one of the leaders of the Nine Pacts— t- the group of low tier leaders sent to this place from that d- dark organisation." Dawn answered honestly.

There was no point in lying now.

He wanted the people responsible for the end of the Dawn Minion to suffer as well.

Either the Nine Pacts would suffer, or Vritra and his backer would end up dying. At least that would put the souls of all the assassins to peace.

"...I see." Vritra nodded and regretted giving those people from the Nine Pacts fast deaths.

Then he turned and disappeared. The metallic ball flashed again and killed Dawn before Hellmancer picked his soul—and even the sword.

From that day on, there would no longer be any Dawn Minion.

Vritra flew out of the black market and headed straight to meet with Dark Knight at the entrance of the forest.

He felt a bit better after slaughtering the Dawn Minion, but killing people still left a bitter taste behind.

But he would do it again and again if someone tried to harm someone he loved.

It wasn’t long before he arrived at his destination. Dark Knight stood there with a little over fifty men, all of them tied together by a black chain that left them immobile.

As soon as Vritra landed, Dark Knight bowed and spoke: "Master, I have gathered all the men who allowed those assassins to enter last night."

After a pause, he continued...

____________

Thanks for reading...