Chapter 215: Spoiled Prince

Vritra’s lips stretched into a thin line as he observed the two people from the distance. Monk Shitless had returned to his old evil ways, and the crown prince looked as if he was afraid of making even a tiny mistake.

Sonia said something and the two laughed, then the prince carefully put a piece of orange into her mouth.

She tasted it and then spat it out, making a face as if she had just eaten something disgusting. Then she turned to the crown prince and gave a ’playful’ slap on his face, though even Vritra clearly heard the sound from the distance.

Vritra: "..."

After getting slapped, the prince wasn’t even surprised. He almost lost his balance, but then he got to his knees and began to choose the fruit more carefully to feed her.

’Just what happened in a single day for things to have turned out this way?’ Vritra wondered as he started walking towards them, and after entering the garden he asked, "Prince, why are you on the ground? Did you drop something?"

The crown prince was startled. He accidentally dropped the fruit plate as he stood up in a hurry. He looked at Vritra in shame but pretended to be nonchalant.

"Cough. Yeah, I dropped something. Anyway, how did your hunt go? You didn’t encounter any problems, right?" the crown prince asked, again acting all high and mighty.

"Yes, everything was smooth. We hunted a few demons that weren’t too strong. Sonia, why are you sitting when the prince is standing?" Vritra said, his voice stern.

"I—It’s alright, Lady Sonia’s feet were hurting, so I asked her to sit down. Don’t worry about it. I am very strong," the crown prince said, giving a bright smile.

"If you say so. Oh right, Sonia, I heard the king was calling for you for some reason. You should go and meet him." Vritra said. The plan to sow discord between the father and son had already started.

"H-Huh? Why is Father calling for my—cough, I mean Sonia?" the crown prince asked in a flustered tone, his eyes wide with dread.

It had become his biggest nightmare to have his woman stolen by his own father. Just the imagination sent shivers down his spine.

"I don’t know, but based on the rumors surrounding King Henry, I think the answer is pretty obvious. Sigh. I am powerless against the king even if he wants to take my sister," Vritra said, shaking his head pitifully.

"Sigh. Brother, I really don’t want to end up with the king. Rather than being with that pig, I would spend the rest of my life with Henry Jr 1st. Sob. I don’t even know how I can protect myself against the mighty king.

Maybe it is my fate to end up becoming his plaything," Sonia said as she stood up suddenly and began to run. A single drop of tear rolled down her cheek and landed near the crown prince’s feet.

"S- Soniaaaaa..." the crown prince let out a hurt sound, extending a hand towards her but then pulling it back, remembering his powerlessness against his own father.

"Is everything alright, Prince?" Vritra asked, tapping his shoulder.

"Yes. Even if it is not, I will make everything right. So don’t worry, I will protect Sonia at any cost." A determined expression appeared on his face, his eyes looked bloodshot.

"Thank you, I can’t thank you enough." Vritra shook hands with him, but just as he was about to turn, he remembered something. "Do you know where J, K, and O are?"

"Alphabets?" the crown prince asked in confusion, his mind still filled with thoughts of protecting the woman of his dreams.

"...The men from the Golden Moon," Vritra said emotionlessly.

"Oh, they!! I heard they are staying in the Paradise Hotel, the most luxurious hotel in the Blue Kingdom. Well, they are staying there for free because our family owns that hotel, and that’s my father’s way of showing hospitality," the crown prince replied.

"Okay, be careful. There have been many fraud people going around nowadays. Don’t get scammed by someone.

You don’t know how devious people have become now. Sigh. We are in dark times..." Vritra shook his head as he walked away, leaving the prince with thoughts of his own.

One side was done. Now they needed to show the king’s interest in Monk Shitless, and once that is done, the rest would be easier based on Sonia’s capabilities of manipulating the crown prince.

Vritra was walking towards his room while thinking of various things, like killing the king, the Grieves, the inheritances, the demon generals, and so on. Several guards passed by him, most of whom were talking about the crown prince.

A young man whose age seemed to be around Vritra’s, in a flashy dress, was walking from the other side heading towards the garden. Upon seeing Vritra, a grin appeared on his face.

It was the youngest prince, who was around 19 years old and quite mischievous, though his little pranks were life-threatening for others.

It was Henry Jr 14th. The king loved him quite a lot since he was the son of his youngest and most beautiful wife, so even if he burned guards half to death, he wouldn’t even get scolded.

The little prince knew a bit about Vritra—not only that he had won one of the biggest competitions in their kingdom, but also that his oldest brother had fallen for Vritra’s sister.

Acting casual, he raised his right shoulder slightly and increased his speed as he rushed towards Vritra to trip him with his feet.

Vritra completely ignored the grown man acting like a spoiled child. When the prince placed his leg in front of him, Vritra simply stepped over it and kept walking.

"..." The young prince wasn’t surprised, but he wasn’t one to give up so easily. He ran forward and tried to entangle his feet into Vritra’s legs from behind to make him fall forward, finding his little prank very funny.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

The young prince’s feet passed through both of Vritra’s legs as if they were just made of air, startling the prince as he froze for a moment and stared at Vritra in bewilderment.

Finally getting frustrated and angry, he gritted his teeth and ran towards Vritra with his shoulder pointed forward.

BANG

And the prince finally succeeded in hitting Vritra, but the effect was the opposite of what he had expected.

Vritra didn’t budge an inch, while the prince himself staggered back and fell over his back, his shoulder hurting so bad as if he had just struck a metal wall.

"Oh, are you alright? Sorry, I didn’t notice you just now." Vritra finally decided to give some attention to this mad prince, but without waiting for a reply, he turned around and walked away.

’Sigh. Here comes another trouble. Is my luck deteriorating day by day? I was just walking. These shitty spoiled princes...’ Vritra cursed in his mind. From his clothes, it was obvious this man was a prince.

And from the look on the prince’s face, there was no way he would let it go easily. Though he hadn’t even reached the 1st Legion rank, so he would definitely try to get others’ help.

’Well, whatever. Killing his brother would be much easier than killing his father, right?’

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...