Chapter 609 Argento

"Well this is a special treasure that could help you get to your peak no matter how much you have suffered. So unless you are one shot killed, it would be impossible for you to die." Divine answered, then added:

"There are a couple more functions to it, like you can steal anything from any inventory, glyph, or whatever storage. And the best thing is, you can fish others' fate with it. Well, you will understand it more as you use it."

"...Oh!" Vritra was certainly surprised, this thing was far better than he expected.

He deactivated the Null and returned to the real world, once again feeling the cold air.

The disease, blindness, everything was really gone.

Putting the great treasure away, he asked solemnly: "So now, can you tell me about these spores and the sudden change? What is going on?"

"Haa where is my thank you?" Divine spoke in a self-pitying tone.

"What? You still want thank you? Why don't you come here, I will give you a thank you."

With a frown, Vritra spoke, feeling angry. He really wished he could slap him a few times.

This bastard dared to test him, he was clearly waiting until Vritra had taken away Teresa's ill fate.

Only now did he respond, he was clearly testing Vritra.

"Okay okay, I guess I should thank you for taking care of my sister." Divine laughed, then he fell silent.

There was a brief pause, then his serious voice sounded: "And just as you thought, someone outside your planet is responsible for the spores and strange mutations."

"Was it some god? Are they still targeting us?" Vritra knew how gods were targeting Yasmine and Teresa, but this attack wasn't directly targeting them.

"No, the gods can't do something like this, at least not openly. It was done by another planet." Divine said in a serious tone, and he had rarely been serious before.

"Another planet? Are they trying to decrease the competition in advance? Was it the planet with whom our trial will be happening?"

Vritra questioned as several questions popped in his mind, waiting for him to continue.

"Yes, they are indeed trying to decrease the competition, but it wasn't that planet, they don't have the means to do something like this. It is a planet which is already in their 3rd Game." Divine answered.

"3rd game? We haven't even been through the trial, so why? Shouldn't the future games content be hidden?" Vritra's frown deepened and anger filled him. "They must already know that you will win the trial, and the next three games. So, in the fourth game, the two planets will be against each other, so they are weakening this planet in advance.

And yes, such things should be hidden, but you know those shady gods. Not only did they provide the information, they even helped cause trouble for the Zoratian planet, without doing anything themselves."

Divine spoke, his voice brimming with rage.

"Haa so is there a way to stop it all? Can't we report or something?" the shield created by Teresa isn't a permanent solution.

She herself got ill without ever coming in contact with a spore, which means that such diseases will soon follow in the next waves.

"Report? To whom? The gods themselves are the administrators here, and they overlook each other's mistakes unless it is too big" Divine said.

"So we just wait till the trials have started? But most of the people will end up dead and my family will also be in danger. There must be some way."

Vritra spoke, feeling his anger rise at the god and that planet responsible for it all.

"There is, let's turn this mistake into a blunder. Make it so big that the god who helped them will himself be punished heavily." Divine spoke, his tone growing ruthless.

"And how do we do that?" Vritra was going to choose this option no matter how dangerous it might be, rather than just entering trials and later on facing them.

"By entering their 3rd game, but let me remind you. It will be very very dangerous, especially for you because it's been almost six months since the game started.

Although the starting point of everyone is the same, the people, beasts and all would already have gotten stronger while you will start only now" Divine warned.

'Six months? Isn't that around the time these spores started falling, is that a coincidence? Or their game related to all this?' Vritra wondered, but this didn't

matter now.

"Yes, I will participate in this game of theirs. Can you tell me more about it?" Vritra felt a bit relaxed now that he knew the cause of the problem and

knowing that there is also a solution.

"From a planet called Argento, a group of ten players was sent to a different

planet where the apocalypse had just started.

Their goal was just to survive till the end of it and kill a few selected targets." Divine gave a rough idea, then he continued:

"But if you were to go now, then aside from surviving till the end, you also have to kill all ten of them and reach the tower."

"Hmm I understand, how long will this game last and do I have to go alone?" he asked, the more he knew about it the better.

"It was originally three years, but six months have already passed. And no, it's your choice completely whether you want to bring anyone along, at most 10.

Also, you would be gone for almost a year." Divine answered, he was serious during the entire conversation.

Vritra fell into thoughts, bringing his wives along will be dangerous but he can't leave them all here for a year.

He would feel assured if they are with him, so he quickly made up his mind.

"Okay so when is the time to go?" Vritra asked, a determined look in his eyes. If they dared to mess with him, then he would beat them at their own game,

literally this time.

"Whenever you are ready but hurry it up, there are a few more things you should know, but I will explain them when you are ready to leave." Divine said.

"Okay, after all of them have reached the demi god rank, we will leave!" Vritra spoke while going over Divine's words.

It seemed their current strength might not matter once they are in the game, and everyone starts anew.

After exchanging a few more words, their conversation ended and Divine went silent while Vritra flew towards his house.

He was both happy and angry.

Right as he arrived inside the house of darkness, his wives instantly surrounded

him and began to complain.

"Wait wait, look I am perfectly fine now. I don't have the disease, the blindness, the bad luck..." then he looked at Yasmine and added: "And I can become a

father."

Yasmine and his other wives looked at him sceptically: "You aren't saying that just to protect Teresa, right?"

Vritra rolled his eyes, feeling exasperated at such an exaggerated reaction.

"Of course I am not, I wouldn't lie about this." He spoke with an honest

expression.

"Really?" Yasmine narrowed her eyes, still not believing his words, she still felt

he might be trying to protect her sister.

"You can tell us the truth, we will still support you." she added, clearly testing

the waters.

"Fine, you want proof right? Let's do it until I have knocked you up." Vritra

picked Yasmine up suddenly and entered one of the rooms.

܀܀܀

Thanks for reading...