Chapter 144: Switch

"..." Vritra gritted his teeth as he tried his best to push back this energy, but there was absolutely no result. Even with their combined effort, they could barely make any change.

While most of Yasmine’s attention was on teleporting him and keeping those generals away.

Right then, like a true savior, it arrived.

[Mutamorphis Activated!!]

At the same time, the Essence Core in his body reacted. Sensing the vast demonic energy, it seemed to be filled with joy as it hungrily began to devour the energy, pulling the resisting Demon Lord’s Essence Core towards itself.

[Observing the body condition.]

[Calculating danger.]

[Level: Death!!]

[...]

[...]

The Mutamorphis worked rapidly as it tried to find the best possible solution to this impossibly difficult task. It scanned Vritra’s body again and again and finally:

[Solution Found!! Converging the demonic energy, process started...]

Suddenly, a strong pressure filled Vritra’s body, and all the rampaging energy was being forcefully pushed towards the Evil-Veyll God Essence Core.

The Demon Lord’s core resisted wildly. Vritra experienced extreme pain while his body was constantly being teleported from one corner of the kingdom to another at super-fast speed.

Now that the Mutamorphis had taken charge of the situation, Yasmine could finally focus on the task of keeping him away from the demon generals. Their strength might be much higher than hers right now, but she was a lot more experienced than any of them.

No matter what they did, she was always one step faster and kept Vritra safe while he was struggling to survive. His entire body glowed with a dark bluish light, veins bulging and body seeming to expand like a balloon.

Thankfully, with his new skill Intra Shuffle, his body could distort on its own when facing danger to keep him safe.

"..." Vritra gritted his teeth hard, tasting a metallic flavor in his mouth as he endured the pain that was enough to make most pass out. His internal organs were badly suffering under the violent nature of the demonic energy.

Even with the Evil-Veyll God Essence Core and Mutamorphis’s cooperation, it was taking some time to take charge of this core, which was slowly being pushed into his own Essence Core.

Only a few seconds had passed and Vritra seemed to have experienced a lifetime of suffering as he barely held onto his consciousness. Yasmine had also expended a large amount of energy, but more than that, she felt a heartache as she watched Vritra suffer so badly.

She really wished to transfer all that pain to herself but... she felt powerless and was unable to do anything. Filled with rage, she moved him far away from the demons and asked with worry:

"Hubby, can you hear me? Just... just endure a bit longer, I am sure you will be fine..." From her voice, it seemed as if it was her who was feeling all that pain in Vritra’s instance.

Yasmine would have never thought she would ever care so much about anyone after her parents had died, but watching him suffer made her feel terrible.

...

The three demonic generals were frustrated as they ran all over the place, chasing the unseen thief everywhere only to be met with emptiness. Whoever it was definitely had the ability to control space to some extent, so it might be a Legion-ranked person.

"Don’t stop, we have to get that thief." Thaddeus roared as he flew forward, full of killing intent, with the two others following behind him. He was the fastest of the three.

...

Both of Vritra’s hands exploded at the same time, and even his skills couldn’t help him much with that. Even with rapid healing, his internal organs were a complete mess. Blood was constantly flowing out of his eyes, nose, ears, and mouth, while his body twisted in pain; even the pain resistance passive skill couldn’t cancel out this level of suffering.

After more than thirty seconds had passed and Vritra finally succumbed to unconsciousness, another message popped in front of him.

[Danger controlled for now.]

[You have acquired the Hybrid Skill ’Switch’!!]

The Demon Lord’s core entered the Evil-Veyll God Essence Core, and all its energy was finally restrained as another level of barrier formed around it by the Mutamorphis, which was related to his new hybrid skill.

Finally, as the energy got in control for now, Yasmine removed all the traces of the demonic energy from his body and teleported him far away from his last location after completely wiping off all the traces that could lead the demon generals to him.

Then she hid him close to the labyrinth, before bringing him to the lowest level where the three soul wraiths were hard at work. Despite the messy and dangerous situation, Yasmine had already formed connections between several things that appeared to be random.

Like the appearance of the demons in this kingdom, them bringing this Demon Lord core, and the presence of this labyrinth in the Dunshire Kingdom— all of this was related, and those three were definitely here to bring back the dead Demon Lord.

Yasmine threw all those thoughts out of her mind as she flew out of Vritra’s body and scanned his body with worried eyes. She called out to him several times, but he was unconscious, while his body was healing from all the major injuries he had just received.

Yasmine could directly access Vritra’s inventory since he had allowed it, so she hastily brought several healing potions and made him drink them.

"Hubby..."

His hands grew back at a speed clearly visible, and all the other major internal organs also began to repair. After feeding him enough healing potion, Yasmine heaved a sigh of relief, as he was finally out of danger and was now just very exhausted.

Yasmine looked at the Evil-Veyll God Essence Core, observing it for any sign of eruption or danger. She was already quite wary of this thing being present in her husband’s body, but now the danger had increased exponentially.

But it was also because of that Essence Core that Vritra was able to survive. If he didn’t have that, then just the Switch and barrier provided by the Mutamorphis might not have been enough.

"In the future, hubby would have to be extremely careful. If this thing erupts, it would bring great chaos everywhere." Yasmine sighed. Even though she had killed a couple of Demon Lords in the past, they can’t be underestimated.

She wondered if Vritra obtaining this core while being so weak was a bane or boon, but for now, everything seemed to be in control. Her eyes were full of exhaustion, so she wrapped herself around Vritra and got to sleep, after glancing at the soul wraiths who were fighting against the horde of demons.

******

The three Demon Generals suddenly halted in the sky, their eyes wide open with shock and fear.

Rothellis, Silquor, and Morvik all glanced at one another, the panic clearly visible on their faces.

They couldn’t believe that someone was capable of integrating with that powerful core in such a short time. It hadn’t even been a minute since it was stolen, and they could no longer sense its presence.

Even they would never be able to achieve this feat, so it could only be someone at the level of a Demon Lord.

"Our Lord is gone...?" Morvik spoke in a twisted voice.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...