Chapter 589 It's Gone

Vritra threw one candy into his mouth. These were the ones he got back in the Phoenix Kingdom, right before those people tried to rob him.

It tasted quite good actually. Vritra waited a little longer, aware the thing he had asked them to create wouldn't be made easily.

His gaze drifted towards the sky. Raising a hand, he caught one of the spores and stared at it.

But even with his senses, he couldn't find anything, so he threw it away and continued waiting.

"Hubby," suddenly Yasmine's voice sounded in his mind. For a moment, Vritra felt she had arrived, but then he remembered about their connection.

'How's training going?' he asked, rubbing his hands and blowing warm air at them. Thankfully, this much cold couldn't affect him.

"It is a really miraculous core, my strength is increasing quickly. But this is so boring, where are you going?" she asked. Previously she wasn't sharing his senses, so she hadn't heard the plan.

'Well, it's a little surprise for…' Vritra explained his plan, and the dragoness burst out laughing. She really wished she could be with him right now.

But sharing senses like this was also fine.

The two chatted, and Vritra no longer felt bored standing alone in the open.

After a while, Onest and Shitless returned with big smiles on their faces.

Vritra looked and asked, "Is it ready?"

"Well, it was hard to find that type of things, but it turned out better than you asked. Take a look at this." Shitless excitedly gestured towards Onest.

Who in turn took out a big bottle, at least three litres in size. It was filled with many types of things.

But the moment it was pulled out in the open, the whole surrounding was filled with a very, very disgusting stench. It was worse than dozens of corpses rotting away.

Vritra instantly pulled the handkerchief from his inventory and pressed it against his nose. Instantly, the bad smell stopped coming.

Instead, his nose was filled with Teresa's sweet fragrance. It almost worked like an air filter for him, keeping the stench away.

The noses of Shitless and Onest were wrinkling too as they covered their faces with other pieces of cloth, patting their chests as if some acid was burning inside.

"How is it?" Onest asked. His hands were covered by several gloves. He didn't even want one drop of that to touch his skin.

Only the two of them knew what the ingredients of that fluid were. It was so disgusting that he didn't even want to talk about it.

"Hmm…" Vritra nodded. With one hand holding the handkerchief, he pulled out a small bottle which he had also gotten from Teresa.

Then he made it float and poured the contents into the bottle.

Instantly, as if some reaction had taken place, it started to boil over as bubbles flew out of it and burst into the air, instantly melting the surrounding snow.

"It's perfect now, good job." Vritra said, his lips curling up under the handkerchief. Then he added:

"Let's go."

"Muahahaha, this is so great. I was craving something like this." Shitless laughed like a mad scientist, overjoyed.

Onest put away the bottle and laughed too. He agreed, this was going to be fun.

The three started walking while talking about it, their feet sinking into the deep snow.

Vritra then threw two candies at them, which they caught and threw into their mouths.

"Mmm, it's good. Thanks, pitiful one." Shitless said, and Onest thanked him too.

"Pitiful one? Didn't my bad luck disappear?" Vritra asked with his eyebrows raised.

The monk stared at his head and mumbled, "You always have bad luck, and I can't think of a better name."

The three were just walking, but suddenly Shitless fell to his knees. He clutched his throat and screamed in despair:

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"

Vritra and Onest were both startled as they turned abruptly, wondering what happened to the monk out of nowhere.

Was it because of that fluid or the candy?

Onest almost spat out the candy instinctively, but he knew Vritra wouldn't harm them, so he paused.

"What's wrong? Are you allergic to it?" Vritra asked hurriedly, as he took out a couple of potions, ready to pour them into his mouth.

"I- It's gone, SOB," Shitless looked up with tear-filled eyes and muttered.

"What's gone? What happened exactly?" Vritra couldn't understand.

"T- The candy, I swallowed it accidentally. SOB, it's gone now, it was so tasty, SOB." Shitless shared his grievances.

Vritra rolled his eyes while Onest hit the back of the monk's head. He showed such a dramatic reaction just for a candy.

"Here, you can have another." Vritra gave him one, shaking his head.

"R- Really? Thank you, SOB, you are the best, pitiful o- one." he spoke.

The two held back their urge to smack his head and turned towards the exit.

Without wasting any time, the three flew away. Of course, Shitless still couldn't fly, so Vritra used dust manipulation to bring him along.

***

Around evening,

Far away from the Quartz continent, it was the base of the Golden Moon.

The head of this organization, Oracle, called upon another meeting.

Recently, the snow and spores had made people's lives difficult, and he had discovered that the spores might affect everyone more than he expected.

So he wanted to deal with these disasters, and if it was impossible then they at least needed to protect the top ones.

Very few people could do anything in such a situation, and the Stealer of Fate was one such individual.

Earlier they had tried to recruit her, but at some point she just disappeared, and Oracle with his ability knew that the Yate family wasn't lying.

So he had to stop his pestering, but now he found out that she had returned.

And there was a high chance she would be in the marriage of the Fords, so he planned to go there personally along with other Golden Moon members.

Knowing about her kindness, he was sure just a few sentences were enough to make her heart melt, so making her work partially for them would be easy.

And then they would just find ways to keep making her work for the Golden Moon. Such a talented person couldn't be left to other organizations.

After everything was planned, he ended the meeting and returned to his home. After a few more miscellaneous tasks, he decided to rest.

Even at their level, resting greatly relieved their mental tension.

Oracle was rather pleased with the current development. Before the war, his personal strength wasn't as high.

And he still had to listen to other members of the Golden Moon, especially Sir Giant, but now everything had changed.

He obtained a new body even better than before, and his strength had increased greatly over the past few years.

In reality, he had benefitted the most from that war, though that demon, Vritra, did give him trauma, often appearing in his nightmares.

But things were getting better now.

He had even taken control of the Quartz continent without any fight. Thankfully, the empress had just disappeared.

He lay on his bed, staring out of the window where wind blew hard and lightning thundered.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...