Chapter 672 The Glasses

"Sir, that is the Glasses base." Ming spoke, he really didn't want to return there.

"I see, if we go there, will those people cause trouble for us? What type of person is your leader?" Vritra asked.

"There might be a few, in the apocalypse, a lot of humans have turned into devils after all." Ming said, then added:

"As for my leader, he isn't excessively bad and is smart, I will explain things to him so he should make the right decision." Ming said.

"Hmph. Let's just go in and take over this place, with our strength what can they even do?" Shitless said, he seemed more arrogant after getting two slaves.

Now there were a lot of things to consider with the addition of those protectors, and who knows, there might be players here.

"Bring us in, and Shitless, enough playing around." He said sternly.

"Oh hehe okay, it was fun." He laughed, putting the whip into his pocket.

They walked towards the base of the Glasses organization which seemed to be a college, its walls were properly defended.

"Stop right there!! Identify yourselves!!" there were over fifty guards standing over the wall.

This base sure had a lot of people.

"I- I am a member of the Glasses, these people are with me!! We need to meet the boss." Ming shouted.

"Ming? The guy with a famous wife?" one of the guards seemed to recognize him.

"Y- Yes, that I am." Ming nodded quickly, with an embarrassed look.

The guards suddenly started to laugh, then the door opened as a few of them walked out.

"Who are these people? Why are they he-" they paused upon seeing the beautiful women.

In a world where the women were already so few, there were such beautiful ones?

They stared in a trance, like everyone else they had the same reaction.

Vritra sighed, taking a step forward and spoke: "I need to talk with your leader about some important stuff."

"Oh and what could that be?" one of the guards shook his head and looked at Vritra threateningly.

"I heard you people have an attribute mine here, I want to borrow it for a while." Vritra spoke, his expression remaining the same.

"Wha- pfft hahahaha brothers did you hear that? He wants to borrow our mine? Haha Ming, is that why you came here?" the guards laughed before their expressions turned dangerous.

Vritra was about to speak but suddenly he felt a chill run down his spine, he quickly looked up and around.

But there was no one around, just now he definitely felt a piercing gaze.

There was no killing intent but the sheer intensity made him feel goosebumps.

'Am I imagining things? It must be so, right? Right?' he hoped.

"Ahem. Anyway, let's not waste our time and words here, how about you just let me meet your leader?" Vritra asked.

"Heh you believe anyone can meet our leader? This punk, just because he is handsome, he is getting too cocky!! Shall we break your legs in front of these pretty ladies?" the guards felt braver in front of the group of women.

They had an urge to defeat Vritra and gain their interest.

'Sigh if the sin system was still working like before, I would be earning a shit ton of sin points.' Vritra thought, he really didn't want to fight the entire base.

But upon thinking, it would be inevitable as he needed their attribute mine.

No one would give that up.

"Shitless, Onest, take care of them. We are going in." Vritra said, as he took Yasmine's and Yennefer's hands before walking forward.

"Are you hungry?" looking at the dragoness he asked.

"No," she replied, while observing the base.

Shitless transformed into a metal man while Onest, the greatest thief, dashed forward.

The guards were startled and were about to use their abilities.

But right then, Teresa captured them into cuboidal rooms, making them freeze completely.

The group walked inside as Shitless and Onest left all the guards unconscious.

Their entrance was quite grand, more and more people began to charge outside.

Yasmine sent weak spiritual bursts, making all of them faint.

While Vanessa used her ability to trap people into mental illusions, stopping them far away.

Yennefer, Fiona, Diana and Maeve couldn't do much, or they might end up killing the people.

Waves of people lay unconscious over the ground as just ten of them made their way inside.

Ming and Ergen were terrified, as they silently followed behind.

"Who is there?!!" a loud voice sounded as a bulky guy rushed out, charging straight towards Vritra.

"Is he the leader?" Vritra asked, pointing a finger as a blood rope suddenly grabbed the guy.

"N- No, that's the vice leader." Ming replied fearfully.

"I see, useless." Vritra just tossed him away, and continued to walk forward.

This college was quite big, there were hundreds of people in this place. Though most of them remained hidden in fear.

"Who are you?" a person floating in the air suddenly appeared above them.

Rather than floating he seemed to be standing over something invisible.

"You are Glass?" Vritra asked, the name of the leader was strangely 'Glass'.

"Yes, why have you come here? Do you want to challenge me and take over this base?" Glass asked, he looked like a rather plain college student with thick glasses over his eyes.

No wonder he got that name.

"Oh no no, we aren't evil people. We don't do any of that stuff, we are here for a simple matter." Vritra shook his head.

Sigh…

Glass heaved a sigh of relief, looking around he noticed that all the people were still alive.

So these guys were really not bad, not the thieves like the ones who had attacked before.

"Alright, then what is it?" he asked, thinking if they wanted some sort of cooperation, he relaxed.

"We just need to borrow your attribute mine for a while and you can also give us any attribute stones you collected from it, that's it." Vritra said nonchalantly.

"Oh just borrow- what?" Glass was baffled by the level of shamelessness, he was literally asking for their best resource.

"Uhm since you aren't here to steal and aren't bad people, then I have the freedom to refuse right? Are there any consequences?" Glass asked, since there was no way he could give away the mine.

"Of course you are free to refuse, like I said, we aren't here to steal. I just need to borrow it for a while, and as for consequences, there are none. Just say no and we will leave." Vritra said, smiling with honesty.

"…" Glass frowned, were there really such good people? Maybe the world really hadn't sunk into a hellhole yet.

"Yea, sorry I really can- umph" as he tried to speak, Glass's lips were suddenly sealed tight.

"You really can… let us borrow? Then thank you very much, can we borrow it for more than a day?" Vritra asked.

"Hmmm Umph!!" He shook his head, unable to speak or even use his ability somehow.

"Ah so just one day? Well that's fine too, thank you, you are a good guy." Vritra said, then gestured for Vanessa to extract info about the mine.

Their group's strength was enough to subdue organization like this.

'T- This guy is a devil…' Ming and Ergen both hugged each other, cursing their luck to have met this devil.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios