Chapter 341: Crazy Leveling up!!

Vritra rested for two whole days, and during this time no one dared to say anything to them or even complain to Chopper despite the threats of the Bone Blood Cult increasing.

By the third day, Vritra had mostly healed, almost all his injuries had disappeared by now.

He needed to finish up the task as soon as possible and also take care of those cultists.

Vritra left his house early in the morning, at that time those people didn’t have the courage to enter the town.

Using the forbidden skill creatively, he was able to fly.

Rushing at full speed, he soon arrived near the temple.

"Sigh I am so tired of sleeping, sob I can’t sleep anymore..." Yasmine spoke, sighing loudly.

"Don’t worry, I will get us out of here quickly. The demon war must have already started in the White Kingdom." He muttered, making his way into the temple.

"Yeah, but this place sure is great for leveling up. You have already entered the 3rd Legion rank, yet you could still level up so fast.

And normally, increasing a single level takes so long and so much effort." Yasmine said. If this Divine had left so much for his successor, then the challenges that he was going to face in the future were going to be infinitely dangerous.

Vritra paused after arriving in front of the large hall, the number of abominations praying this time was clearly a lot less compared to before.

"Forbid: All Sin Coins glows."

[Forbidden Activated.]

The hearts of all the abominations began to glow at the same time, but they didn’t seem bothered by it in the slightest.

Vritra quickly memorized the locations of all their hearts then he spoke:

"Forbid: There could not be any sound inside the temple."

[Forbidden Activated.]

"After we leave, the first thing I am going to do is kill those Bone Blood Cultists." Yasmine said.

Setting the crazy level up aside, it was all because of him that Vritra had suffered so much.

’Yeah don’t worry, this time I won’t let him escape.’ Vritra said as he rolled up his sleeves and casually walked closer to the prostrated abominations, who wouldn’t react easily.

[Shift Activated.]

[Agility + Endurance → Strength]

As if pulling out vegetables from the ground, Vritra plunged his right hand into the neck of the first abomination, and then pulled out the head-sized heart of the creature before mumbling:

"Devour."

Feeling the cold liquid spreading across his arm and then getting absorbed into his body, Vritra moved onto the next target.

The injured RipMaw let out a loud scream and spasmed on the ground but no other creature in the temple noticed it.

’Now my strength has reached a level that I can easily kill these abominations, though killing the red ones will still be a challenge.’

While talking with Yasmine, Vritra began to pluck the hearts of all the creatures out one by one and absorbed the Sin Coins.

In just a minute he had killed more than ten abominations. If others were to know that picking levels was this easy, then they would be puking out blood.

"I can still remember the day when I had killed a demon general for the first time, and my father made the rule that anyone who wished to marry me in the future would have to defeat him." Yasmine said, remembering the memories of her father.

"Heh so he wanted you to stay single for a long time huh, how strong was he?" Vritra asked, pulling out one more Sin Cell.

"Except for the gods, there were only a very, very few that could even survive against him in a battle." Yasmine said, though at her peak, her strength wasn’t any less than her father’s.

"But don’t you know where your mother had disappeared off to?" Vritra asked, increasing his speed by several times as his level began to rise rapidly.

But it wasn’t long before he had met yet another bottleneck, but this time he just continued to absorb the Sin Coins, he could just deal with the red creatures later.

"No, she just disappeared one day, and despite searching for so many years I wasn’t able to find her until I received the news that she was killed by the demons." Yasmine replied, sounding quite sad.

"So, don’t you hate all demons as well? Like Yennefer, did even the thought of ever hating me appear in your mind?" Vritra questioned, it was quite normal after all, those demons had taken far too much from her.

"Hubby, don’t compare me with anyone. My love for you transcends it all, always staying with you is all that matters to me.

The only reason I want to return to the Dragon Kingdom is so that I could get my body back and we can finally be together.

Heh once she gets to know you are a demon, you will find out that her love isn’t even a tenth of mine." Yasmine said confidently.

"Oh." Vritra was surprised that she reacted so strongly, but on second thought, it was a bad decision to even mention one of his women in front of another, especially the Empress.

While chatting, in an hour, Vritra had devoured the hearts of all the abominations. Now only two red abominations remained.

But before that, he approached the statue and moved to the back side where he saw a brighter glow.

’Now what are these drawings?’ Vritra stared at the drawings curiously. It was like a story or maybe the process of evolution.

The first image was that of the same insect, after which it seemed to have eaten up the body of some creature that seemed a lot bigger than the insect.

Then the small insect began to change, Vritra found it hard to understand the things ahead of it.

"Hmm if I were you I wouldn’t try to understand it just yet, I can definitely say that this drawing contains one of the Six Truths." Yasmine said lazily.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Surprised +1}

"Oh, one of the Six Truths? The truth of Divine?" Vritra asked in surprise.

"Yeah, though it doesn’t seem to be complete. Maybe it is separated into different realms of the Divine.

Anyway, look at that hole below the drawing, I can confidently say that the key of leaving this realm has been stolen." Yasmine added, yawning.

"And Bone Blood Cultists must be behind it, right?" Vritra asked, he had found the way to escape.

"Yeah, so first you kill these red RipMaws and then those cultists, we can go out today!!" she said with excitement.

"Alright let’s do it, I am sure I can kill those two with my current strength." Vritra said, and he took out a knife from the dimensional book and walked towards one of the abominations.

Without saying a word he plunged the long knife near its left shoulder, bringing the abomination to its senses as it let out a deafening roar.

Vritra gave it no time as he rained down punches and kicks at the knife, while locking the creature in the same position with Forbidden for a minute.

GRRRRRRRRRRRRRR

The abomination’s body twisted as it tried to move its heart away but Vritra suddenly pulled out the sword and plunged his hand deep into the wound. The moment he felt the soft heart he muttered: "Devour."

The kill was so easy, previously Vritra almost died while killing one of these creatures. His strength had increased tremendously after entering this place.

The Divine was truly too powerful, these Sin Coins could bring disaster to the outside world if even words of them leaked out.

After the absorption finished and his strength shot higher and higher, Vritra approached the lone abomination, the only one praying in the big temple.

"Wake up, it’s time to die." Smiling, Vritra cut the body of the red abomination into two with a single strike, and before its body could heal back he picked the heart.

"Devour." Again that same overwhelming feeling returned, his strength increased rapidly once more.

And lots of messages popped in front of him.

{You have cleansed all the Red RipMaws!!}

{Sin Coin → 2500/2500}

{Would you like to undergo the complete evolution and obtain the Divine’s Bloodline and Physique?}

{Note: If you agree, drastic changes will take place in your body and in the world. So only start the evolution if you wish to walk the path of the Divine. But start it only once you don’t have any pressing matters.}

Vritra read the strange note. If it meant increasing his strength then of course he would choose it, but upon reading the last line he decided to start it after leaving this place.

{You have become the lord of the Abandoned Realm, you can exit or enter at any moment and can control anything inside the realm.}

Then another surprising but wonderful message popped in front of him, it was such a great place. Won’t most enemies be powerless after entering this realm?

"Well that sounds great, anyway first I need to deal with those cultists." Vritra said, and with a thought, he was able to find the exact locations of all the cultists.

"Wifey, you no longer have to worry about your energy getting drained by this place, I have taken care of it." Vritra said, as he rose into the air and flew towards the cultists.

All his strength had returned now, with a thought he could control almost everything in the realm.

Not far away from the temple, inside a cave, a group of men seemed to be planning something.

’So they were hiding here, now let’s see how much torture they can tolerate.’ Vritra thought as he landed at the entrance of the cave and walked inside.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...