Chapter 242: Battle Reversal

Finally, when they all had appeared in their original position just before the Pope had launched the attack on Vritra, he finally stopped moving the stream flow backwards.

But strangely, the Pope had appeared in his true form, though he was still a human before attacking Vritra. Maybe since he had already received the experience points, this thing wasn’t reverted.

Vritra wasn’t sure how this was all working out, but it was a golden rule even among programmers — if it works, do not touch it.

Vritra kept all his skills activated. For now, the only biggest change was the deceleration of time, but that was only for Vritra, while for everyone else it seemed perfectly normal.

Even the beings who were strong enough to sense the changes, like the Gods, Demon Gods, and others, couldn’t really tamper with the time. But they understood that the Cursed ability had returned.

Either the Scarlet couple was back, or they had passed that ability to someone even more crazy.

Vritra kept most of his body in the disappearing state and only brought out his hands. To him, it all felt like something far from reality. He didn’t know if it was a dream or something else, but he was going to take advantage of this unique change.

The Star affected by the Blood Lock suddenly jolted. He had been sensing the weakening of his body earlier, but now the changes were too extreme. With the slowness of time, the skill that received the biggest boost was the Blood Lock.

In less than fifty minutes, it could now kill any being.

Vritra flew towards Yasmine and said just one word: ’Return!!’

He was in his human-like form right now, two horns above his head and the face of Jin Woo.

She couldn’t understand anything — after all, she should still be injured and unconscious — but she didn’t waste a moment and returned to Vritra’s body.

"W-What is happening?" the Pope and all the Grieves exclaimed. It was almost like they had just seen a part of the future. More than three hundred Grieves were completely baffled by the changes.

"D-Didn’t we just enter the inheritance? And that strange demon was just injured by—wait, where did he go?" one of the Grieves exclaimed, and all of them remembered that there was something even more serious than wondering about this confusing event.

Even the Pope couldn’t sense his presence at this moment. It was as if he had really disappeared from existence — or never really existed.

"Cough... Cough... W-What is happening to me?" one of the Stars exclaimed in shock as he coughed and felt weak. His health, healing, battle prowess — everything had reduced by more than fifty percent.

Two percent of his health was going down every minute, and he didn’t know how to stop it. The Pope frowned as he flashed beside the weakened Star and observed his condition carefully.

"This must be Vritra’s ability... Hmm, I think he used it on you when he took your blood." The Pope quickly analyzed. After sensing the situation of his follower, he felt confused about how to deactivate it.

But seeing the Star whose body was slowly turning dark, he frowned and began to create a Glyph to stop the effect of Blood Lock somehow.

Vritra used this chance to restore himself to his peak condition. Right now, he couldn’t use most of his skills since they were already activated, but his energy cores had soon returned to their peak.

Summoning Bob and the human Soul Wraith back, Vritra stationed them in front of the inheritance door and then rushed in the direction of the Pope.

Almost all of the Grieves were still frozen from the shock. There had never been anyone who could control time or have it as their Field, but what they experienced just now couldn’t be explained any other way.

The Pope had put all his concentration on the creation of the curing Glyph. All these greyish creatures shared a strong bond, and they wouldn’t let anyone from their group die.

It was like an unsolvable puzzle. The Pope couldn’t understand what sort of skill this was — the deeper he delved, the more complicated it became.

WHOOSH

BANG

At an even faster speed, Vritra appeared behind the Pope and, using all of his strength, delivered a kick on his back. Caught off guard, the Pope wasn’t able to defend himself as the Glyph he was working on shattered, and he was thrown away like a meteor.

Right now, Vritra could only use the Shift skill, but along with the time dilation he was not slower than even the Pope. Not to mention, he could see into the stream of time with the Nether Eye and glimpse a few seconds ahead into the future.

"WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO ME?!!" the weakened Star roared as he rushed towards Vritra, whose body was in a disappearing state and only his hands were visible.

Partial Dragon Form.

[Switch: Demonification (2%)]

Vritra pumped all his energy into destructive raw strength. He clashed with the Star head-on as their fists collided, and Vritra only felt slight tremors run through his arm while the Star was blasted away, his hand exploding violently.

’It is working!!’ Vritra finally saw hope of defeating them all, though there could still be unknown variables but it seemed a bit doable now.

To him, all of the Grieves seemed as if they were moving in slow motion — especially with the Shift: Agility activated. Plus, the future vision made it easy for him to evade all sorts of attacks.

After he blasted away the Pope and weakened Star, the others finally came to their senses and understood that they first needed to neutralize this threat. All of them pounced at Vritra while launching countless attacks.

Since he couldn’t use Suck! Suck! Suck! right now, Vritra was unable to disrupt their energy flow. This seemingly strange-sounding skill was really too OP; with the passage of time, it seemed more and more useful — it could even affect the stream of time.

"Let’s trap him! Damnit, are we still not allowed to kill him?" one of the Grieves muttered in rage after seeing the Pope and the weak Star.

"Yes. Fuck, we have to capture him alive," another Star said through gritted teeth. They couldn’t go against the Pope’s orders.

They also had the option to take possession of his body, but in that case, his consciousness would be erased — and that was exactly what they wished to avoid. That was also why they weren’t just using his corpse for the experiments.

In the next moment, all sorts of attacks were launched towards Vritra. Most were aimed to injure him, while the remaining were for capturing him.

It was almost as if he was teleporting between the space, flashing away just before getting struck or caught. Almost as if he had entered Ultra Instinct.

Vritra saw countless possibilities every moment. Each step he took would lead to a different future. He had to make the decision immediately as he avoided all the attacks.

The whole process was tiring and tough — but manageable.

The Pope rushed out of the crater that he had just created on the ground. He was full of rage upon seeing the worsening condition of the Star.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...