Chapter 390: Lewd Fox

[D-Day 18]

The night passed rather quietly, although the city was anything but peaceful, yet not a single sound could be heard inside the room.

As the hours ticked by, neither could Vritra sleep nor did he want to get up; ending a relationship in that manner was really painful for him.

He let his senses drift to the outside, sensing the hundreds of guards roaming across the streets.

The royal family naturally threw the previous day’s incident under Vritra’s name; they couldn’t tell all the big shots that they had just become part of a scheme and might have lost their lives.

The already seeping sadness and hatred boiled over as he thought about all these major organizations who were using his life for their profits.

Putting his family in danger, whether it be the demons, Grieves, humans or anyone else, they only sought their benefits no matter the cost.

If the others weren’t going to play fair, then so would he do; even after becoming a demon he had always tried to stay human.

But the world was slowly killing him; it seemed there was no need or chance for just a human to remain alive.

Inside the test area, Vanessa wasn’t able to take any of the Soul Wraiths so right now most of the Grieves were just in the city of charms, protecting the other two ladies.

’Maybe it is a purge this world needs to acquire true peace, a brand new start...’ he thought, but then pushed all negative emotions away.

Letting out a long sigh, he finally opened his eyes.

"Hubby, maybe we should go and meet with Fiona and Diana." Yasmine said, thinking that spending time with them might heal him.

’...I will visit them later, but for now I have to increase my strength, as much as possible and as fast as possible.’

He replied, getting the sin points would be very difficult at a time like this, after all, the entire Quartz continent was in chaos right now.

Nor was he in the mood to do anything, so he decided to check out his newly owned skill.

The Charged Fist!

"Foxie," he called out, stirring Maeve out of her sleep; the fox demon would roll over the bed in her sleep.

After twisting her body, she finally woke up, again lying in a strange posture.

"Mmm, did you call me?" she asked, sleeping here for some reason was thousands of times more comfortable and safe.

"Have you recovered?" Vritra asked, pushing her off him and sitting up.

"Uh... N- Not yet, just a little bit." Maeve replied hurriedly, as sleep disappeared from her eyes. She felt Vritra wanted to make her leave.

After knowing that he is a demon too, Maeve at least felt relaxed that he wouldn’t hate her for being one herself.

"Good, then I need you to hit me or let me hit you." Vritra said, straightening his clothes.

"Oh okay—wait what? Is that some weird game?" Maeve asked in bafflement.

"No." Without further explanation, Vritra went to take a bath. As cold water poured over his head, he emptied his mind; if only he possessed a mind manipulation skill.

Maeve sat on the bed in deep thought, still pondering his words, wondering what sort of fetish this was. But as her savior, she would fulfill all his fetishes, even if it was to hit or get hit.

Her tail was swinging from left to right as she imagined some strange things; in one of her thoughts she was tied and Vritra hit her, while in the other...

Her face turned red, and she covered it with both her hands, smoke rising over her head.

"You can go bathe now." Vritra walked out of the bath with nothing but a towel wrapped around his lower body.

"Oh..." Her gaze scanned him from bottom to top, stopping over his perfect muscles, those abs—the demoness felt as if her breath had been stolen away.

She really wanted to sink her teeth into his skin; the sight was dazzling enough to make her drool.

Then her gaze locked onto his face, since Vritra was now in his true appearance, neither Ben nor anything else.

"Y- You...? Is that your true appearance?" Maeve was baffled for two reasons, first because he looked infinitely handsome compared to her imaginations.

Secondly, how could she not recognize that face when it was displayed all over the world not long ago—he had become an even bigger celebrity than her.

"Y- You are Vritra Arclis?" She felt that this was really his true appearance but also wondered if this was yet another disguise.

"Yeah, are you taking a bath?" he asked again, putting on his clothes.

"Ah wait, I hadn’t had enough of it..." As her shock subsided, Maeve felt intense regret when Vritra wore his clothes; she wanted to savor that sight a lot more.

"..." As Vritra’s eyes narrowed, the fox demon could only sigh and meekly walk into the bathroom.

She hadn’t taken a proper bath after the time when Vritra threw water at her.

After some time, the two were ready.

Vritra first thought about going into the dimensional book but that small realm might not be able to hold the full power attacks of the demoness, so he decided to travel away from there first.

With a thought, his appearance changed to a random middle-aged man, different from the previous day.

Maeve took a glyph from her storage and changed her appearance as well to a loli.

"Is that the only disguise you have?" Vritra asked, a frown appearing on his slightly aged face.

"What’s wrong with it? Doesn’t I look cute?" the little Maeve asked, then tilting her head she took on a cuter pose and asked: "Big bruther, you don’t wike me?"

Vritra rolled his eyes and flew away; a few of the guards on the ground saw them and called out, but just one glance from Maeve and their minds and bodies were completely frozen.

The two of them flew at high speed, moving out of Ghazi city and getting into the endless forest.

Only after traveling far enough and making sure no one was around did the two finally stop.

"Okay so uh... what are we going to do?" Maeve asked, a faint blush appearing over her face, her thoughts kept drifting in weird directions.

"Where is the rope, t- the whip and uhm... do we need a blindfold too?"

Maeve asked in embarrassment; despite the shame, job is job, and how can she not help her savior even if the returning favor is weird.

"What is your small brain cooking up? Stop putting so much pressure over that single brain cell, you just literally need to hit me. Hmm, use 5% of your total strength initially." Vritra said, his lips stretching into a thin line.

As embarrassed as she seemed, the fox demon was quite lewd inside.

"Ah, t- that? You like getting hit?" Maeve asked; she knew his defenses were super strong, but she still can’t bring herself to hit him.

"Yeah, stop with the nonsense and start, there is a skill I need to test." Vritra said; after his experience with Yennefer, he didn’t want to get close to any other woman.

Maeve nodded with determination and took the pose, before plunging forward.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...