Chapter 365: The Betrayal

Fiona also agreed to go with Diana. Vritra wasn’t all that worried; after all, he was the one who attracted the most trouble, and he also felt that going that way was better.

The two women got out of the car, and Diana used the Halo she had obtained before to change both of their appearances to look absolutely ordinary.

Vritra sent the Dark Knight, Bob, and Psyche with them, and also gave them each a glyph from the three demon generals; that way they would be completely safe.

"Now, what shall we do?" Onest asked, gazing at the countless soldiers flying out of the continent’s boundary, rushing in different directions.

All those people were certainly there for them; the trio had committed many crimes after all.

Onest had a high chance of running away, but he didn’t want to just escape alone. He waited for Vritra’s reply, ready to follow the strongest of the group.

"...We will resist with all our might, and after breaking their teamwork and thrashing them, we will escape into the continent," Vritra replied in a serious tone.

"Okay, just give me the signal when it’s time to run," Onest added, scanning all the men.

They were at 1st, 2nd, and even 3rd Legion ranks, so he was sure that he could beat most of them despite the large numbers.

Thankfully, the 4th or above ranked weren’t here yet.

It didn’t take long for those soldiers to locate Vritra and the others. The commanders commanded their men and made them encircle the car.

"Come out or we will kill you right here and now!" one of the commanders shouted, his voice full of rage.

"Let’s fight till death, no matter what, we won’t surrender," Vritra said, nodding towards Onest with a solemn expression.

"YES SIR, WE WILL BEAT ALL THEIR ASSES!" Monk Shitless shouted, trembling in excitement.

"..." Onest rolled his eyes; Monk Shitless could be beaten even by someone not at 1st Legion rank.

"Don’t worry, he is just for the motivation. Let’s go! No matter what, we won’t admit defeat!" Vritra said, as the three pushed open their doors and got out of the car.

Onest, despite his profession as a thief, was ready to prove that he was a man of his word.

He would never escape alone, leaving his friend behind. With a loud shout, he shot towards the soldiers, striking them with a heavy staff.

BANG

He hit the chest of a soldier, sending him flying back. Then, moving with great precision, he began to strike the soldiers left and right, slowly making up ground.

"Let’s keep going, we can do this," Onest shouted, moving faster and faster. He avoided the ones stronger than him and only hit the weaker.

"Catch the thief, this bastard alone isn’t planning to surrender, kill him if necessary!" another commander roared, as even stronger soldiers began to join.

Though these roars only made Onest more excited, but then something clicked in his mind.

’Alone? Then what about the others?’

Pausing for a moment, he looked back and almost slipped when seeing Vritra and Monk Shitless peacefully surrendering, getting cuffs over their hands.

"Sir, we are innocent! He is the mastermind, he forced us to do this! Sob, my brother is even blind, oh Amitabha bring justice to this sadistic bastard..." Monk Shitless said in his most pitiful tone.

{Sin Point Gained: Trust Shattered +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +803}

{Sin Point Gained: Pitied +783}

{Sin Point Gained: Sympathy +801}

...

"..."

Vritra enjoyed the sight of messages floating in front of him, but this was just the start.

Instead of getting thrown into trouble, he was jumping straight into it himself; after all, it is just impossible to kill him now.

Onest was just staring dumbly at the group, his eyes screaming the word betrayal, as something hit the back of his head, leaving him unconscious.

***

"And that’s how we ended up in this place," Vritra said, as he finished the large piece of meat.

"Ohh, such heavy offences!" one of the inmates said in shock, his own crime was not even half as bad.

"S- So I was arrested because they think I am not the real Rich? Sigh, thankfully the emperor will be able to help me. Don’t worry, I will help you out too, Eren," Rich said, remembering Vritra’s new identity.

BANG BANG

One of the prison guards hit the gate of the cell and shouted, "The four of you, it is time for your judgement."

The door was opened, and several guards surrounded the four as they were led out of the prison and towards the Judgement Hall.

While they were midway, one of the guards sighed and said, "Sigh, I pity them a bit. The emperor just had to leave to welcome a guest, so his younger brother will be overlooking their trial."

"W- What? That piece of utter shit?!!" Rich paused in bafflement, cursing out loud for the fifth time in his life.

The previous four times were also because of the emperor’s younger brother.

"Keep walking," one of the guards said, lightly patting his shoulder.

Monk Shitless and Onest wondered what sort of man it was, but judging from Rich’s expression it wasn’t going to be anything good.

But Vritra was interested in something else, so he began to gossip.

"Whoa, what sort of guest is it that the emperor himself had to go welcome?" he asked, taking a step towards one of the guards.

The guard naturally spoke, for a moment forgetting about their roles.

"I heard it is the Dragon Emperor."

Both Vritra and Yasmine were surprised upon hearing that, so he continued to ask.

"Hmm, what business could such a powerful person have here?"

"How would I know that?" the guard shrugged, so Vritra changed the topic.

"Have you ever seen the empress? I have heard she is very beautiful, sigh what a pity that I am blind," Vritra looked aggrieved.

"Hehe boy, of course I have seen her, but her face is always covered by that veil. Not many people are lucky enough to have seen her face," the guard said, suddenly getting more interested in the gossip.

"Is she also here? Will she be in the judgement hall?" Vritra asked.

"Yeah, for some reason, she had been staying here for a while now, but I don’t think she will be in the judgement hall—cough, stop talking!"

The guard finally came to his senses as they arrived at the entrance of the judgement hall.

As the guard told them to enter, a person standing by the throne’s side began to introduce the group and their crimes.

"They are responsible for a vast property loss of the continent, stealing very important treasures of the continent, almost killing the general, colluding with demons, killing..."

More than half of the crimes were just made up, using them as scapegoats.

At the front was a big throne, looking really luxurious and grand.

On it, a man who seemed to be in his thirties sat like the ruler of the world, arrogance dripping off his body; he just glanced at the new batch of criminals once before gazing to the side at a beautiful advisor.

On both sides of the path, dozens upon dozens of seats were present, filled with ministers and all sorts of important people.

"You are now in the presence of Prince Griffith."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...