Chapter 738 Troubled Gods

Passing through the door, the group finally arrived at the end of the floor.

This was now truly the finish line of the tower and the door was right in front of them.

But right in front of the door was a single zombie, it wasn't bulky or special, it looked completely normal.

Exactly like the countless zombies they had killed down on the ground, but eyes could be deceptive.

And many times nothing is what it looks like.

"None of them can pass through that door, it is designed in a way that only the players could enter." The Sun god spoke.

The book god hummed, he finally regained confidence and muttered:

"Hmm, this door, that's right they can't pass through. There is a clear difference between normal humans and the players."

So even if their strength is higher than the players, they still can't do anything.

Finally the gods have won and they have lost, and this loss was worse than any since they were so close to victory.

It was purely for entertainment that they can even enter the tower, how big of a joke would these ten gods be if some random humans won?

They relaxed and waited to see the expressions of confusion and despair on the faces of the ten.

But since Asmodeus is a player, he can pass easily.

It seemed this guy has truly lucked out, he would be the first to clear this game.

…

For a few moments, Vritra just stared at the mutant and wondered if it was some sort of trap.

"…" then he created a blood blade and shot it towards the head of the mutant.

BANG!

It struck the head of the mutant zombie, making it explode violently as pieces of brain and skull splashed in all directions.

Finally, a message popped before them.

Again Vritra read it out loud:

"Pass through the door without killing the mutant, and if you do kill the mutant then flee within a minute. The tower is about to explode…"

All of them were speechless, these bastard gods waited to show this message until they had killed the mutant.

There was no way they could go back down and out of the tower in just a minute so the only option was the door in front of them.

But just as they approached the door another message popped, making them stop.

"To enter the door, you must possess the player core, otherwise you would be killed right away for intrusion."

Vritra frowned, feeling extremely irritated and angry.

The gods were playing with them, he knew that they would only allow the players to go through this but wasn't this too absurd?

The normal human would never stand a chance to clear the tower.

'Divine?' he called out, stopping before the door.

"Just go through it, I have already made all the arrangements." Divine spoke, as confident as ever.

But soon after they pass through the door and clear the game, this avatar that he had been using to talk to Vritra and help him would disappear.

He had already exhausted all the energy, but thankfully another avatar of Divine was very close to them, always protecting them secretly.

Even changing fate to some extent, stopping any tragedies from happening.

And this avatar was far closer than Vritra would expect, protecting him and all his wives.

After getting the confirmation from Divine, Vritra took a deep breath and told his words to the others.

"Let's go then, hubby, finally we will be out of this cursed apocalyptic place." Yasmine spoke, she didn't like the vibe there at all.

And wanted to spend time in peace for some time, it would be better for their baby after all.

Rather than seeing the ugly mutants, she would let the baby grow peacefully back there.

"Haha These naïve kids, they really are underestimating our warning." The oldest frail god shook his head, laughing mockingly.

"It is fine, the higher beings love deaths. After struggling for so long the entire family will die, what would be better than that?" the rope god spoke.

He wondered if he should just capture their souls to show the reactions to others.

The smiles on the faces of the gods became wider as Vritra pushed the door open, then…

He stepped foot inside and everything was consumed by flames, the sight of the gods was blocked too.

Even the higher beings that were watching their plaything try their best in the game, laughed as such a violent explosion took place.

The gods chuckled, finally completely relaxed.

Despite their sureness, they still were a bit worried that somehow this bunch might find a way to continue.

But that wasn't the case it seemed.

"Let's see how many players are still alive-" the Sun god ignored the tower already and shifted his attention to the other players.

As the flames died down, the bodies of the eleven couldn't be seen, nothing was left of them.

That wasn't shocking, but what shocked the gods and the higher beings was what happened after that.

It was of course Vritra who had created that explosion to make whichever fuckers were enjoying their suffering happy, but for a moment.

After all, disappointment is greatest after the peak point.

Just like Divine had said, the group easily crossed through the door and found themselves standing in an endless dark space.

Then messages popped in front of the eleven, in languages they all could understand.

[You have cleared the level 3 game!!]

[Congratulations, you are now able to evolve to level 3 demigods!!]

[Please wait, you will soon be graced by the presence of the gods!!]

[You will afterward be sent back to your original planet, few among you might even receive special rewards!!]

There was a barrage of messages, though it didn't matter to ten of them.

But it did to Asmodeus, he was quite happy with it even if it means nothing after a few minutes.

He wasn't sure about anything either just like the gods, these ten weren't players so how did they win the game?

But Asmodeus wasn't as worried, on the other hand the gods all rose to their feet in extreme shock.

How was this possible? This wasn't just against their arrangement, this was against the very law, the rules.

And for such an event, all ten of them would be in great trouble.

This was a blunder none had expected, how could these normal humans have the player cores?

"W- what has just happened?" all gods were utterly shocked and unable to think anything.

It was already too late though, they couldn't even do damage control now.

"Should we go meet those humans for questions? Maybe we can find a way to solve this problem before higher beings are involved?" the smallest god spoke, his voice tense.

"It is too late, now they and us will all be answering to the court of higher beings, I believe we have all been tricked.

Something big has been going on in the background." The book god spoke.

"Yes, no wonder even Divine himself appeared but let's not mention that.

Now we just need to wait for the official letter-" the Sun god hadn't even finished speaking when a letter appeared before them.

A similar letter appeared in front of Vritra and the others.

The higher beings sure worked fast, the gods were in big trouble now.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...