Chapter 120: Tiny Devils

A bloody aura exploded around Vritra, expanding dangerously with each step he took forward. Holding the two heavy and large axes, with thick bloody mist around him; just the sight alone made most of the assassins tremble.

STEP

STEP

The killing intent expanded over a vast area, completely engulfing the entire black market. Most of the people fainted under the suffocating pressure. Vritra allowed his aura to completely devour everything.

[Sin Point Gained: Aggravated +18]

"H- He is...? Isn’t he the one that came just now to hire an assassin?"

"No, he wanted to hire the entire Dawn Minion. He’s the intruder? Just him? Was the highest threat level... this brat?"

Everyone was shocked, but as they sensed his killing intent—one that even astonished the assassins—they could no longer take him lightly.

"Why are you here? Are there more here with you? Tell us everything or you will be killed—" one of the assassins, whose level was close to 400, stepped forward and said with narrowed eyes.

But Vritra wasted no time. His madness had already reached its peak, and he had held back for too long.

He took one step forward as his figure blurred. In the next second, Vritra was standing in the middle of the hall, completely surrounded by all the assassins.

"W- What? He is so... cough..." The same assassin stared at the empty space in front of him in shock. But suddenly, his vision began to shift.

Then blood began dripping from his belly; under the shocked gazes of all the assassins, the near level 400 assassin was cut in two—without any of them noticing it.

THUD

The upper half of his body fell to the ground, while his lower half remained standing for a few seconds as if unaware of his own death before finally falling forward.

"!!!"

[Sin Point Gained: Shocked +602]

[Sin Point Gained: Frightened +533]

...

Vritra’s smile stretched wide. He truly looked like a devil.

With the Myriad level armor and Myriad soul wraith protecting him at all times, Vritra had absolutely nothing to worry about—even if he just stood there letting them all attack.

Raising his axes, he rotated them so that the hammer part came in front. After all, it wouldn’t be good to just kill them all with a single strike.

ROOOAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRR

Vritra let out an ear piercing dragon roar that made dozens of assassins bleed. His roar resounded for several kilometers and frightened everyone.

It was the roar of a real dragon.

Everything remained still for a moment before chaos erupted.

Despite being frightened, the assassins charged at Vritra—holding all kinds of weapons, many even trying to sneak attack or hit him with secret weapons.

On the other hand, Vritra completely disregarded self defense as he began to swing the axes around wildly.

BANG!!

The bodies of a dozen assassins exploded the moment they were hit by the explosive force, their bodies creating a blood mist in the air.

Even if the hammers slightly grazed against their bodies, the assassins were left with broken limbs or severe wounds.

"C- Charge forward, we have to hold him here until our leader arrives! As soon as he gets here, this intruder will be dealt with so—" one of the men was shouting from the back of the crowd.

But his body shivered as Vritra disappeared from everyone’s vision, then a chilling voice sounded in his ear.

"Surprise!!"

BOOOOOM!!

His body was enveloped by a shadow. As he glanced up, he was only able to see the enormous surface of the hammer. Before he could even let out a painful cry, one of the heavy hammers slammed into his body.

His bones were crushed, his flesh and organs turned into minced meat; as Vritra pulled his hammer back, there was only a red sticky mess on the floor.

By now, there were more than seven hundred assassins in the large hall. Vritra glanced at them with a twisted smile, his entire being seeming to have changed at this moment.

Dozens of hidden attacks were launched toward him, but before they could even come into contact with his skin, all the attacks were blocked.

His body was already drenched in blood. The Myriad armor didn’t stop the blood since it wasn’t harmful.

Vritra stretched both his hands to his sides, separating the two weapons.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!

Then using all his strength, he brought the two to the front as the hammers struck one another. A destructive wave was released with a deafening explosion.

All the people in front of him were thrown several meters back, their hearts thumping wildly. Just this shockwave was enough to make more than half of the assassins cough out blood. They had finally understood how pitifully weak they actually were in front of this demon.

Their first instinct was to run. But the moment they turned around... all these assassins noticed that they were trapped in a dust dune, where people were able to enter but not leave.

Controlling the dust, Vritra scanned the entire hall. Then with precision, he sent dust swarming into the bodies of all the assassins present.

No matter what they tried, most of the assassins couldn’t stop such an attack. They tried to cover their ears and noses, but the dust would just tear their skin and enter.

The assassins couldn’t understand what was happening at first, but then an unimaginable amount of pain shot through their bodies, making them fall to the ground instantly.

The dust took forms of tiny devils in their bodies and wreaked havoc. They tore their flesh, cut the bones into tiny pieces, made a mess of internal organs. Popped eyes, cut veins—it was a total mess. Those tiny dust demons just destroyed whatever was around them.

Painful wails instantly resounded across the entire hall. Only a very few assassins were able to stop the dust from entering their bodies... less than five.

More than eight hundred assassins were rolling on the ground and screaming wildly. The lucky ones were those whose brains were targeted first; they only felt a single wave of pain, as those devils crawled into their brains and cut them apart.

They were killed only after a few seconds, but only a few were lucky enough to have their brains destroyed first.

"No more! Ahhhhhh my skin, uwaaaaah it’s peeling! Guhh COUGH COUGH, kill me—Kill me already, you demon!!"

"Sob... I d- didn’t do anything... p- please... oh god—my eyes!! It hurts so much, ughhhh COUGH COUGH COUGH!" another man screamed before coughing out several mouthfuls of blood and spatting out his tongue.

"W- Why me?! AHHHHH my legs are g- gone! Cough—ghkkk So painful! Ughh—get it out! S- Something’s—in me! It’s moving—AAHHH!!"

Painful and heart wrenching screams rang out all over the place. It was complete hell. Limbs and organs were lying all over the place, blood pools formed on the ground.

It was dozens of times more brutal than the deaths of all those Nine Pacts’ men. What Vritra was giving wasn’t just death—but suffering... pain to the extreme level.

The tiny devils, that looked as if they were made of metal, began ripping apart their nerves—making them feel all kinds of pain. Just breathing became a very agonizing task for them soon.

___________

Thanks for reading...