Chapter 58: Ambush

A puppet...

Arthur had been trained to protect the king at all costs, even if it meant going against the king’s orders. He had served under the previous king of the Dunshire kingdom and now protected Aldric with every bit of his strength.

He had followed all the orders of the king, no matter how brutal or morally wrong they were. He had been the sword and shield of the king. Arthur could easily be ranked in the top three in the entire kingdom.

It had been a long time since anyone had even seen his face. He had always worn that heavy golden armor that only had a few scratches over its surface. His armor was so strong that barely anyone could even scratch it.

After living for centuries, he was devoid of most emotions. Just like always, he stood beside the king and protected him with full concentration— but who would dare to even try to do anything in his presence?

Arthur suddenly felt a piercing gaze from a room not far away— the room where the goddess and Vritra were present. It definitely wasn’t Diana, so the man in golden armor wondered if it really was that good-looking boy with a weak aura.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Locked On +1}

...

Inside the room, Vritra paused exactly in front of the door as he glanced at the lines that appeared in front of him.

++++++++++++++++

Race: Human

Level: 849

Vitality: 100%

• Strength: 1592

• Agility: 1218

• Endurance: 1916

• Intelligence: 943

• Mana: 938

++++++++++++++++

Even though there wasn’t a very high difference between Vritra’s stats and Arthur’s stats, the actual power difference between the two was huge because of their level difference.

If the two fought normally, Vritra would undoubtedly lose—but a real fight might not always be fair.

Arthur’s brows furrowed inside the armor upon sensing that gaze, but suddenly that presence disappeared—it was as if that person had never existed in that part of space.

{Sin Point Gained: Surprised +2}

Not only Arthur but even Diana was shocked to see Vritra disappear all of a sudden, and she couldn’t sense him anywhere. She gulped and stood rooted to the same place.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

But before Arthur could ponder the change for too long, a change occurred in front of him suddenly.

The demonic giant corpse suddenly swelled. All the people were shocked by the sudden transformation, and most of them didn’t even have the time to react—even the king was frozen.

But Arthur and the man in the black robe reacted fast. Before the corpse could explode, both of them formed protective barriers. A golden barrier surrounded only the king— Arthur focused only on protecting the king as he jumped in front of Aldric.

While a black barrier protected the king and the teenagers, the man in the black robe stood there calmly, trying to locate the enemy. He was protecting the king, but more of his focus was on protecting those teenagers.

BOOOOOOOM

Finally, the demon giant’s corpse exploded as fire engulfed the entire hall and destroyed most of the things inside. Even several walls were shattered. Most guards were able to protect themselves with only a few injuries, but a few were seriously injured and very few even died.

"EXHUME!!"

Before the madness of the explosion could die down, five shadows of various shapes and sizes suddenly jumped out in front of the king.

ROOOOAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRR

One was a Demon Giant—much more majestic and bigger than the one that had exploded. A single roar from it made all the guards and teenagers unconscious. Its presence alone turned the hall dark.

HIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

Beside it was a gigantic serpent, its long body coiling around the entire hall as it raised its head high and released a piercing hissing sound, making the walls and ground crack. Its entire body was covered in darkness, and only two glowing red eyes were visible.

Then appeared a seven-foot-tall shadow holding a magic staff, wearing a robe made of darkness. Just as it appeared, faint chanting could be heard as an extreme amount of mana was exhausted in just a moment. The Hellmancer used several dozens of spells at the same time.

The ground trembled. A large part of the castle instantly broke down, as a gigantic figure much bigger than all rose into the sky. Its body seemed to be made of dark stones. A single roar from the golem reverberated across the capital. Its presence alone created a large crater on the ground.

It looked like an ancient giant without any head and two large arms. A quarter of its feet were embedded in the ground, and the sky seemed to have turned dark as it shadowed over everything.

And at last, a disfigured monster—the same height as the golem—rose. It possessed countless arms, legs, and even heads. It looked terrifying and disgusting. The Chimera had also been summoned.

Its strength was undoubtedly much higher than all the soul wraiths, but unfortunately its intelligence was very low, so it could only follow whatever instructions were given—unlike the Hellmancer, who could react according to the situation on its own.

But the Chimera would go to any lengths as long as it received an order from its master to kill someone. Even Vritra wasn’t sure of total combat powers and all of its ability, it was a broken creature that was created from the corpses of countless creatures, some even very rare.

The five terrifying creatures appeared in front of the king all of a sudden. All the changes were occurring too fast—this was definitely a properly planned ambush.

Arthur’s first reaction was to jump in front of the king and employ whatever defensive measures he could. He wasn’t given any time to go on the offensive.

The man in the black robe maintained the barrier around himself and the king, but he hurriedly sent out all the teenagers. He couldn’t let those possible experiment subjects be destroyed in this fight.

While the king was frozen—with his strength, he could do nothing but rely on others for protection—but he wasn’t worried. With Arthur here, who could hurt him? Only one person in the Dunshire kingdom could even bring a fight to a draw against Arthur. His strength was simply mind-baffling.

Hellmancer was the first to make its move. It used hundreds of spells in a moment and even used several mana potions to avoid disappearing after exhausting all its energy. The demonic mage launched all kinds of spells.

It made any kind of teleportation impossible, then used all kinds of debuffs—speed, strength, thinking ability, reactions, defense, and many more—only towards Arthur and the black-robed man, while giving tons of buffs to all its teammates.

Thousands of chains shot out from under its feet and all headed toward the king. Arthur obviously wouldn’t let them through. He stood in front of Aldric like a wall, drawing out his sword as he released a loud roar and energy burst out of his body.

But the target of the chains had never been Aldric. The chains directly passed through the energy barrier of Arthur and wrapped around his body—not only greatly slowing down his movements but also attaching thousands of debuffs in an instant.

Normally he would have been able to dodge them, but now he couldn’t move because of the king—who was a liability and further decreased Arthur’s combat strength.

____________

Thanks for reading...