Chapter 32: Lick it!

Diana still stood in that awkward pose, with her hips raised. Even though she was burning with shame, she still couldn’t move and just standing.

The part where Vritra had just hit still seemed to be burning.

"Relax." As he spoke, Diana felt the control of her body return to her. She heaved a sigh of relief; this torture was finally over, but she would never be able to forget this humiliation.

What she didn’t know was that it was just the beginning.

"You should leave now, otherwise it is easier for people to think the wrong thing," Diana said, her voice still filled with arrogance and defiance.

"We aren’t done here. Like I said before, as long as you obey me, I won’t force you into doing anything and you won’t have to worry about your life either." Vritra smiled as he began to speak; the goddess had a very bad feeling in her heart and then he spoke:

"Now, get down on all fours and crawl over me."

"H- Huh? What did you just say?" Diana’s eyes widened. For a moment she couldn’t believe he really wanted her— a goddess— to do that. Since this wasn’t a forceful order, her body didn’t start moving on its own; since it was her training, she needed to do it on her own.

"You are going too far!!" the goddess shouted, her eyes burning with fire. She had never hated anyone this much.

"Well, you can of course choose to ignore my order. Just know that the next time I ask you to do it, it just won’t be the two of us; you will be doing the same in front of everyone." Shrugging his shoulders, he spoke nonchalantly.

"You—" Diana clenched her fists and gritted her teeth; she was given only one choice. Just thinking about it filled her with shame and embarrassment, but at least it was better than crawling like that in front of everyone.

Slowly, her body moved downwards then she sat over her knees, her face had already turned crimson; resentment, defiance, and indignation were etched upon her beautiful face.

After a long moment of inner turmoil, she lowered herself onto all fours and slowly began to crawl toward Vritra. Despite the hostile look in her eyes, Vritra found her current appearance quite cute. She walked slowly; the only sounds breaking the silence were the rustle of her clothes and her uneven breath.

After covering the short distance, she stopped in front of Vritra. She stayed on all fours and looked up at him; she wished all of this to end as soon as possible. She had never regretted her decision this much.

"Good job." Vritra patted her head, then added, "Now for the next step."

"There is more?" Diana almost jumped up to hit him, but the fear of pain held her back. She took a deep breath and waited for the command.

Vritra paused for a moment, then he made up his mind. Raising his body slightly, he pulled down the clothes from his lower body and sat back as his long penis jumped out of its restraints and appeared right in front of the goddess’s face.

For a few seconds, Diana was so shocked that she stared at it absent mindedly, then her nose scrunched up and she moved her eyes away, her face looking as red as a tomato.

Being a goddess, she was never going to be in a relation with any man and previously she barely had any knowledge about all this. Seeing a penis for the first time truly bewildered her.

"W- What are you doing? P- Put it away." Diana spoke nervously.

"Lick it." Vritra said. For him too it was the first time that a woman was seeing him like this— of course childhood excluded— so of course he was a little nervous too, but with a serene mind he was completely calm.

"What?!!" Diana exclaimed as she turned her head towards him. Since Vritra had shifted forward and was leaning towards her, the strange looking thing barely grazed her soft red lips.

Becoming even more flustered, she fell back onto her butt.

"Y- You want me, a goddess, to l- lick it? You dare..." Diana’s body was shivering at this moment. Her pride was truly hurt now; this kind of humiliation— how could she endure it?

"Well, of course you can choose to ignore my orders. I am not going to force you. Just know that this is the cost of your freedom. Now you are my slave, and you have earned this title by attacking me, so you should own up to the responsibility.

Otherwise, goddess Diana might only be left in everyone’s memory." Vritra said in a lazy tone; he didn’t display any of his excitement.

"Ughh..." Diana grimaced. She knew since she had failed she would have to pay the price, but she never thought that the price would be so high.

But on second thought, this would only take place between the two of them and within these four walls. Isn’t it better than her crawling in front of others and, worst yet, ending up dead?

Even though she knew that she had no choice but to accept her fate, she was still reluctant to do it.

Vritra observed her expressions, changing from frost to helplessness, then indignation to reluctance, and at last on the verge of acceptance, so he gave the final push.

"Don’t worry. Except for this small period of time you could have your full freedom and it might not be as bad as you thought. You know many women enjoy such things." Vritra spoke in a patient tone.

"O- Okay, I accept." Diana finally gave in. Even though she has to suffer this humiliation, it is her own fault for being too arrogant, and she will be done within a short time.

She felt it might really not be as bad.

"You accept what?" Vritra asked, narrowing his eyes.

"I will accept your orders." Diana answered. Even though she had agreed to follow his orders, that doesn’t mean she truly accepted becoming his slave; her gaze was still filled with defiance.

Yes, she is a mighty and pure goddess; this is but a small task. How long can a puny human resist in front of her charms? she tried to encourage herself.

’Well, this is good enough for now,’ Vritra thought.

"Alright then, go ahead. You know what you have to do, right?" he spoke while smiling. His legs were separated and his penis was right in front of her face.

"Of course. I am a supreme being and I know everything." Diana boasted, then her gaze moved down to the soft member.

’So this is what a penis looks like? It’s got such a strange shape. Are they usually this long and thick?’

Vritra felt the gaze of the goddess on his little brother and felt his excitement increase, but after staring for a few seconds, Diana still didn’t make any move.

"Don’t tell me you are afraid of it. Haha, you sure are a mighty goddess, getting afraid by just looking at it." Vritra mocked, as he watched Diana’s red face puffing with anger.

"Hmph, I am not afraid. Why would I be scared of this thing?" Even though she spoke fiercely, her hands moved forward slowly and finally she held his cock between her soft and warm palms.

"It is quite hot..." Diana mumbled unconsciously.

__________

Thanks for reading...