Chapter 481: Death over and over

The man in the white official uniform was called Sixty. Since the threat level wasn’t high initially, he was sent to take care of it.

He was a part of the Divine Kage organization, the group which was arranged by the gods themselves to kill the new Divine.

They could be said to be the messengers of the said God themselves, with strength far above the lords.

Even if they killed this Divine, a new one might appear in the future. That’s why they had to use the least of their resources in killing Vritra.

"Target locked, starting purge," Sixty muttered. They weren’t human, even if they might appear like one.

The gods made a mess of several souls and then generated their bodies. They barely had any emotions.

Looking directly at the demonic figure, Sixty flew closer and stopped exactly in front of Vritra.

"Get back!" All the others saw the figure. Seeing that uniform, they felt as if they had been blessed.

Hurriedly, everyone stepped back, moving further away from Vritra but not close to the domain wall.

"Now there is no need to worry, the Divine Kage has finally gotten involved." The Oracle, who was about to be devoured by the soul wraiths, felt his heart leap in joy.

With a glance at them, the wraiths were destroyed in an instant, returning to Vritra’s body.

All the giants and dragons made of dust exploded as well, finally giving some time of relaxation to them all.

Sir Giant turned back to his original form, his body shrinking, covered in blood.

"More than several hundred thousand men had already been killed, not to mention big losses like Darius and other lords. The losses are already too big." He sighed. If only Sixty had arrived sooner.

If only Oracle hadn’t done that stupid thing. But there was no point in regretting now; Vritra could finally be defeated.

"Be prepared for punishment, Oracle, leader of the Six Seats," Sixty declared before charging towards the colossal fiend.

BOOOOOOOOOOM

He kicked Vritra’s chest, making the big creature skid across the land as the atomic protection broke and a wound appeared over Vritra’s chest.

But instantly it got healed, and now his full attention was on the white-clothed man.

RAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRR!

Bringing both his hands together, Vritra clapped with Sixty between his palms, but he couldn’t match Sixty’s strength or speed.

Sixty raised his hands and slashed casually towards Vritra’s wrist, releasing a violent blade of air.

WHOOOOSSSHH

BOOOOM

From the wrists, both of Vritra’s hands got severed, falling down and exploding violently.

Big Guy and Sloth, who were both trapped, were finally blown away, but their bodies looked ugly.

Their skin and flesh had melted, organs rotting away. But at least they had survived, though their healing couldn’t undo the damage for some reason.

"Launching final blow." Sixty was almost like a robot working on commands, declaring his actions.

Pulling his arm back at a speed before Vritra had even noticed the damage on his hands, Sixty charged an attack.

Of course, he wasn’t going all out yet, but still had to use nearly 60% of his strength.

"That’s..." The hearts of everyone watching the scene chilled. Only a few of them had seen the Divine Kage in action before.

Vritra was already an unkillable monster for them, yet that monster was going to be defeated so easily?

"Should I leave the demon race?" one of the demon lords muttered. But the Divine Kage doesn’t side with the good ones; they won’t even do anything unless rules set by them are broken.

"Sigh..." Sir Giant fell back. He was happy that now he would be present at his great-granddaughter’s wedding.

But nothing went as he had hoped.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Sixty finally punched the space before him. A violent shockwave spread through the cities, the space itself trembling.

The violent pressure struck the giant demon’s body. Instantly his torso was blown to pieces, the entire body falling apart.

THUD BANG

Limbs and head slowly disintegrated after falling to the ground in a magnificent display.

The dust storm, demonic figures—everything slowly came to a halt.

"Target purged, returning." Sixty scanned the surroundings and confirmed the kill before turning around and flying away.

But suddenly, blood started seeping out of the ground, rising as if a tsunami was about to strike.

The domain expanded as energy was sucked violently. Within moments, the domain was as big as the continent itself.

The size hundreds of times bigger than before.

Its effect far more deadly, as the bodies of thousands of men instantly began to melt.

All of them felt a lot weaker.

Sixty stared in confusion, wondering if Vritra was alive or if it was some reaction to his death.

The blood rose higher and started to form a figure in the sky. Unlike before, the height was only a bit over six feet.

It resembled a human figure. The pressure rose significantly, the ground over the entire continent cracking up.

The sounds of devils crying again filled the city. It was like countless children, women, and men were all crying at the same time.

"Target still alive, increasing limit." Sixty decided to use full strength, even activating his domain.

Instantly a white sphere engulfed everything in the city. The pressure on Sixty decreased, and he was back to his full strength.

"Engaging in battle."

The figure, which seemed to be made entirely of blood, already took form. The space around it was buzzing with great intensity.

Sixty once again rushed towards Vritra. Like before, he first launched a kick.

But this time Vritra wasn’t slow enough to not even notice his movement. He put his arms in a cross to block the kick.

BAANNNGGGGG!

Still, his body was thrown back over ten meters, arms bending before healing back.

"His strength increased even further?" Oracle muttered, standing beside Sir Giant.

"Just Sixty might not be able to kill Vritra. I feel they should have sent more men," Sir Giant muttered. He helped Big Guy, using his best healing potions.

But the radiations still seemed to be tormenting his body, and the wounds wouldn’t heal no matter what.

Krrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr...

The bloody figure stretched his arms as his hands got covered by a black substance.

"Again." Sixty once again started charging the same attack, as he pulled his right arm back, though with a bit more power this time.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

The mindless bloody figure tried to dodge but failed. Then he tried blocking it as his body got blown to pieces once again.

His body was torn and fell over the ground, once again everything coming to a halt.

"Death unconfirmed." This time, Sixty waited to see if Vritra was truly dead.

But suddenly, the entire continent got engulfed in a purple light.

Flames rose over the ground, over the rubble. All those inside the domain and even the air itself began to burn with a purple flame.

And within moments, the flames started taking human-like form, standing high in the sky.

"He seems even stronger now..." Everyone felt as if their flesh, soul, and mind would burn to ashes.

"Attackin—"

WHOOSH

The purple figure suddenly vanished, appearing before Sixty and striking out at his face.

BOOOOOOOOM!

Although the man in white was quite surprised, he was still fast enough to react in time. He blocked the attack, taking just a step back before punching even harder at him.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

Vritra’s body once again got blown to pieces.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...