Chapter 26: I Made Ryan’s Father the Example of a Small Dick Man and Got Paid for It

[Current favourability: 40 (Crush)]

"Finally hit 40!" Dante had a look of triumph after seeing her favourability cross into the Crush stage.

"Looks like that fall really was... crucial." He added with a thoughtful expression.

He had assumed the eye contact and the body reveal would comfortably push her favourability past 40, and the fall hadn’t been necessary.

Turned out he was wrong.

’I shouldn’t underestimate my master so much.’ He nodded, agreeing with himself.

For someone over a hundred years old who had seen everything the world had to offer, of course she wasn’t going to crack easily.

Moreover, he could tell that the higher her favourability got, the harder it would be to raise.

But he wasn’t discouraged by it.

An increase of 16 in just two days was genuinely impressive.

Even if the progress slowed down, he should be able to reach his goal of becoming Ryan’s daddy before he returned.

"Now, what should I do with this?" He muttered. Since Natasha’s favourability had crossed into a new stage, he now had the chance to assign her a high-level reward.

Before he started thinking of ways to use this opportunity, he wanted to confirm one thing.

’System, can I stack these chances and use them all at once? Like combining two chances to assign an even grander reward?’

[Yes. You are free to use the chances however you like.]

Hearing those words, a smile formed on his face. ’That’s more like it!’

He immediately decided to save this chance for later. As for what reward he had in mind? It was something both he and Natasha lacked.

Bloodline.

He was going up against Ryan, whose luck was definitely Divine.

But even with that kind of luck, Ryan only had a single bloodline.

It wasn’t that he couldn’t get more, it was just that he wanted the mighty golden dragon bloodline, the strongest of all dragon bloodlines.

Throughout the novel, Ryan would collect things related to the golden dragon bloodline and awaken it in the later parts of the story.

Anyway, bloodlines were rare to come by even for the protagonist with divine luck.

’If I can get my hands on a legendary or mythic bloodline, my progress will speed up like crazy!’ Dante’s mouth watered just thinking about it.

More importantly, he would be the one choosing the "bloodline" for Natasha.

And the one he had in mind definitely wasn’t anything ’normal’ like an elemental bloodline.

’Damn it, I can’t wait!’ Dante licked the corner of his lips and checked the rest of the notifications.

[You exposed your body to the protagonist’s mother and forced her to peek at you multiple times while she was wiping your body!]

[You have obtained 500 villain points!]

[You corrupted the protagonist’s mother by making her heart race and her face blush!]

[You have obtained 1000 villain points!]

[You showed Natasha what a real man is! Ryan’s father is now her go-to example of a small dick man!]

[You have obtained 1500 villain points!]

[A single second of your cock pressed against Natasha’s private part was enough to soak her pants! She has finally started seeing her own student as a man!]

[You have obtained 2000 villain points!]

As Dante started reading the messages, he started grinning from ear to ear, especially seeing so many villain points.

However, the last message took him out completely.

[You made Emma Evans, one of the heroines, lose her sleep after you ignored her messages!]

[You have obtained 1000 villain points!]

"Pfftt... Hahahaha." Dante couldn’t control his laughter after imagining Emma with eye bags.

After a few moments, he wiped the tears from his eyes and noticed something that made his eyebrows rise.

"Just her losing sleep for one day got me 1000 points?" He spoke, feeling puzzled. He had to do so much to get those 5000 points from Natasha, but this was way too easy.

"Is this the difference between the supporting female characters and the heroines?" He said after thinking it over.

And then a diabolical thought crossed his mind.

’Should I ignore her more?’

’Nah.’ He dropped the idea with a small grin.

He really was a villain through and through.

After all, doing the opposite could also rack up villain points.

He picked up his mobile from the table and opened Chatsapp. A smile automatically formed on his face.

[Future Wifey]

[....Coward]

[Hey, reply something! Don’t just leave me on seen!]

[HELLO!]

[I was just joking, Danteee!]

[Are you okay? Did you eat anything? Did master really beat you that much?]

[Are you still planning to leave us?]

....

....

[Fine, if you’re ignoring me, I’ll ignore you too!]

[Tsundere GIF]

Dante covered his mouth as he read through the messages, and looking at the last GIF, his heart felt threatened by her cuteness.

"What an adorable mess." He said with a chuckle and started typing.

****

On the other side of the world, a sleek black Mercedes pulled out of the hotel’s underground parking and merged into traffic.

Emma was slumped against the back seat with her phone in her hand, staring out the window with a faraway look in her eyes. Her hair was tied up in a loose bun and there were faint shadows under her eyes.

In the driver’s seat, her secretary glanced at her through the rear-view mirror for the fifth time in the past minute.

"Miss Emma, you look exhausted." The secretary finally said, her voice careful.

"The next meeting got pushed to the day after tomorrow. You can rest in the hotel until then."

"Mm." Emma hummed.

The secretary sighed quietly.

Her name was Sasha. Her mother had been the secretary of the previous CEO, Madam Natasha.

She and Emma were childhood playmates, and she had been working with Emma ever since she joined the company. In all those years, she had only seen Emma like this a handful of times and... always for the same reason.

"Did you have a fight with Sir Dante again?" She asked in a prying tone.

Emma’s only response was to look up at the rear-view mirror, her face turning cold.

"..."

Sasha instantly shut her mouth, but the reaction had confirmed her guess.

Just then, a notification sound rang out from the back seat.

She watched as Emma picked up her mobile, and her face instantly brightened the next moment.

’Sigh. It took you long enough, Sir Dante.’

____________

A/N: I added Dante’s illustration too. I will drop the pic here. Throw some stones and GTs.

Let’s reach 100 GT! Don’t forget to drop a review!