Chapter 16: I Watched Her Shower for Research Purposes and Found Out She’s Pink

"HUH?! Why am I naked?" she said out loud with a shocked face, which slowly turned into confusion.

"Did my clothes melt because of the heat?" Natasha muttered to herself and nodded since it made sense. She hadn’t felt anything halfway through the process because she was in a trance.

As she stood up from the bed, the cool air brushed against her skin and her nipples hardened against the chill.

She walked over to the mirror and stood in front of it, looking at her body with a smile spreading across her lips.

In the past, Natasha didn’t like looking in the mirror much because it only reminded her that time was ticking and made her feel anxious.

Now, she didn’t have to worry about that anymore.

She hugged herself and closed her eyes.

The memories of her past played through her mind.

"All these years of waiting... finally paid off." Natasha opened her eyes and wiped her tears with a smile.

"It still feels unbelievable..."

But the mana steadily flowing through her circuits told her otherwise.

"All of this is only possible because of the system and... Dante," she reminded herself, her tone softening at the end.

Her youngest student had really surprised her in more ways than one.

The way he comforted her after listening to her story, and how scary he could get when he was angry.

"He must be feeling the same way about me," she said with a soft smile.

"He drank way too much yesterday. I need to make some hangover soup and check on him." she added.

"But before that, I’ll take a quick bath."

She quickly grabbed a towel and walked into the bathroom.

***

On the other side, Dante had finished the metamorphosis a few minutes earlier.

He opened the target’s feed out of reflex to check what Natasha was doing, only to be greeted with a heavenly sight.

Natasha was standing under the shower naked, her wet black hair clinging to her back and shoulders.

Water trailed down her body in slow streams, sliding over her heavy breasts and curving along her tiny waist before disappearing between her thighs. Her ass cheeks jiggled with every small movement, soft and full enough to hypnotize any man stupid enough to look.

This was his first time seeing her naked.

And he had to admit, every part of her body was perfect.

Gulp!

’She is PINK!’ he screamed internally as his eyes caught sight of her lower lips.

He couldn’t help but feel a secret thrill while peeking at the woman who was supposed to be his master.

’Am I a pervert? No! I am just studying my target and collecting information,’ he shook his head, but his eyes never left the screen.

His throat felt dry as he watched.

The monster under his pants slowly began to rise.

Just then, a system message popped up and blocked the feed.

"You fucking..." Dante was about to curse, but he froze the moment he read the message.

[Your status window has been updated!]

[Name: Dante Ackerman]

[Realm: Mana Awakening Early Stage]

[Bloodline: None]

[Talents: Foresight(EX), Mana Affinity(SS), Scheming Mind(S), Two-Faced(C), Business Sense(D)]

[Luck: Doomed]

[Villain Points: None]

[System Slots: 1/2]

[Bound Targets: Natasha]

[Techniques: None]

[Inventory: 50 Litres of wine]

After reading the status window, the tent in his pants went down and his eyes shot wide open.

"I am already at Mana Awakening Early Stage?" he said, not quite believing it.

From what he knew, a person just needed to absorb mana into their body to reach the Mana Awakening Realm. He slowly closed his eyes and tried to sense the mana in the air, following the instructions from the novel.

’Nice!’ Dante thought with excitement as he successfully sensed the mana. ’The next step is to absorb it into my body.’

As his focus grew, his brows furrowed when something strange happened.

"I just tried to absorb once but all the mana is gathering around me?" he said as he opened his eyes in wonder.

[Mana Affinity(SS)]

"This has to be the reason, right?" he said with a speechless face.

Now he understood how Natasha cultivated so quickly without having a bloodline. She had an SS talent called "Aptitude".

"Both of them are related to mana, but her situation is probably different from mine," he said with a thoughtful look. "Affinity usually means liking, and aptitude means ability."

"So in my case, the mana itself likes me. But for Master, it’s her ability to absorb mana at a terrifying rate," he concluded with a nod.

"Let me check if I’m right." He pulled up the descriptions for both talents, and sure enough, his analysis was on point.

Dante’s eyes then drifted to the bloodline tab.

"I never thought I would be so happy to see an empty bloodline tab, but here I am," he said with a smile, almost shedding a tear.

As he looked further down, his eyes landed on the inventory and a wry smile crept onto his face.

"...I’ll get rid of this later."

He let out a yawn and stretched his arms as the rays of sunlight poured into his room.

That was when he noticed his arms felt heavier than usual.

He pulled off his shirt and looked at his upper body, which was completely shredded. His biceps were twice as big, his chest was carved, and the six pack was the cherry on top.

"Metamorphosis? More like steroids ultra pro max." Dante shook his head as he flexed his muscles.

He had gotten a better physique in just a few hours than the one he worked years for back on earth.

"Wait a second!" Dante froze mid-flex, his blood running cold. "What about my dick?"

His hand instantly dove into his pants.

"Don’t tell me I traded my size for the muscles!!"