Chapter 41 | My Finger Got the Treatment My Dick Has Been Waiting For

’She actually hit me? Am I going too fast?’ Dante wondered, a thoughtful look in his eyes as he cut the onion.

Through the feed, he could see Natasha in the back, still shaking her head like a rattle. Her own mind was working against her and there was nothing she could do to stop it.

’Fine. I’ll help you this time, Master.’ Dante’s eyes softened after seeing her still shaking her head like that would solve anything.

He could almost see the steam coming out of her head. Her face was bright red from the forehead all the way down to her neck.

He couldn’t help but chuckle inwardly. His eyes landed on the knife in his hand and his own finger.

’This should help her get rid of all those thoughts of hers in an instant.’ A brief hesitation crossed his eyes.

He stared at the blade for a second longer than he should have, then gritted his teeth and dragged it across his finger.

"ARGH!"

The knife clattered onto the counter.

Natasha instantly came back to her senses after hearing his voice filled with pain. Every dirty thought in her brain vanished like it was never there.

’What happened...’ The thought died the second she saw her student clutching his hand, his face twisted in pain, and the blood running down his finger onto the cutting board.

"DANTE!" She shouted, already closing the distance before the word even finished leaving her mouth.

The next second she was standing beside him, cradling his hand in both of hers. She tilted it toward her to see how deep the cut was, and her brows tightened at the sight.

Mana gathered at her fingertips on its own.

She started using the healing technique on instinct.

A warm green glow flickered to life around her fingers.

However, it was only then that her thoughts caught up to her actions.

She stopped all of a sudden.

The glow vanished faster than it appeared.

’What did I just do?! I almost made a huge mistake.’ Natasha’s blood ran cold as she quickly dismissed the mana from her fingertips.

If she had healed his finger just now, the master-student relationship she had barely saved would completely collapse in the future.

The problem started with Dante being the successor of Eden’s Gate.

She didn’t have an affinity with a healing element. But there were workarounds for that. The healing technique she learned from Eden’s Gate was one of them.

But it was very hard to learn and required a lot of mana.

A cripple with a falling realm and no ability to store mana in her body shouldn’t be able to perform such a technique.

She had decided to teach Dante everything a successor needed to learn through theory.

Since the system said it would help her cure his condition, she had to prepare him in some way so that he wouldn’t be a complete beginner when that time came.

Naturally, that included the healing technique.

And the moment he learned about it, he would realize she had lied and hidden things from him again.

Natasha had no clue how to tell him about his worsening condition. She didn’t want to add more things to the list.

"Master...?" Dante called out to her, grimacing in pain.

Natasha turned her head to him and stared at his face. ’He shouldn’t have noticed the glow, right?’

’Why is she looking at me like that? Come on, wash my hand and tie it with a band or something!’ Dante was starting to get annoyed.

He was expecting her to give him a healing potion after that. But he couldn’t figure out what was going through her mind at all.

’Is she taking revenge for what I did earlier? She isn’t that type of person as far as I know...’ Dante wasn’t so sure anymore, especially seeing her just standing there like she had frozen mid-thought.

’Or is she?’ He looked at her, doubt and suspicion forming on his face.

’Or did he?’ Natasha saw his expression changing and immediately panicked.

That was when her brain truly glitched.

She grabbed his finger, brought it to her lips, and started licking the blood coming off his finger.

’Master, what are you doing—ugh!’ Dante groaned as a weird mix of pain and something he really didn’t want to admit.

’WHAT THE HELL is this woman doing? Did she completely lose her mind?’ He watched her suck on his finger like a vampire that hadn’t eaten in centuries.

Her lips were wrapped around his finger, warm and soft, and every time her tongue pressed against the cut to lick the blood off, a jolt ran straight from his fingertip to his brain.

’Fuck! I wanted to help you but why are you treating me like a blood bag?!’ He screamed internally.

Her tongue slid over the wound a few more times, lapping up the blood before it could drip. Every lick stung, but the warmth of her lips wrapped around his finger and the softness of her mouth made it impossible to focus on the pain.

’DAMN IT! If this is an invite to a freaky competition, I will gladly accept.’

With that, Dante stopped talking and just let out a few groans with a pained yet pleased expression on his face.

Natasha, who was still licking his finger, raised her eyes and saw his face. She immediately stopped, but her student was still groaning with that weird expression.

That face combined with what she had just been doing with her mouth reminded her of ’something,’ and the corners of her ears turned red.

’Did he go crazy from the pain?’ She tore a strip of cloth off her apron and quickly tied it around his finger.

"I’ll get some healing potions!"

With that excuse, she vanished from the spot.

’Heh...’ Seeing her run out of the kitchen, Dante had a satisfied smile on his face.

’When it comes to freakiness, I alone am the honoured one!’

’After all, I am the guy who is going to smash the protagonist’s mother!’

And he definitely did not enjoy being treated like a blood bag.

Not even a little bit.

_________

[Moral’s Note]

That’s it for today. I will do another 5 chaps for privilege. I can’t give a exact date because my sems are starting ;(

I hope you enjoyed the Chapters (˃ᴗ˂)