Chapter 23: She Came in to Wipe Her Student and Left Wiping Her ’Crime’ Off Her Fingers

On the other side, Natasha pushed her bedroom door open and stepped inside, her feet finally slowing down after she left Dante’s room.

The moment she closed the door behind her, her legs gave out instantly. Her back slid down against the wood until she was sitting on the floor, knees pulled up close to her chest.

She stared straight ahead at the wall across from her, but she wasn’t really looking at anything.

Her mind was still... very much stuck in her student’s bedroom. It kept replaying the scene in a loop, which made her heart race.

She buried her face into her knees and let out a long, shaky breath.

Her body was still on fire.

Even now, sitting alone in her room with no one anywhere near her, she could still feel the ghost of his thing pressed between her legs.

Even just recalling it was enough to make her private part react. Her thighs were trembling for a reason... she didn’t want to admit.

"Oh god..." she muttered into her knees. "Why is this happening to me?"

’I barely saved the relationship between us from collapsing entirely. Now it’s turning into something weird.’ She thought, feeling uncertain and anxious.

She didn’t know what to do at all. The fact that her body was reacting to her own student made her disgusted and ashamed.

’Natasha, you old hag! Why are you so shameless?’ She cursed herself in anger, slapping her face with her hands.

She shook her head, trying to shake off those ’bad’ thoughts.

"But can I even call this an accident?" She said to herself in a doubtful tone, since it was too perfect for her to land exactly on his cock.

She had made plenty of landings in her long life.

The flawless landing she did after slaying dungeon monsters. The time she landed in a huge puddle of slime after being transported into a dungeon. Even the face landings after getting smacked by stronger awakeners back in her youth.

But never, in her over a hundred years of life, had she made such... a perfect landing.

"No, no, it was an ACCIDENT! It was just an accident." She kept repeating it, trying to convince herself. ’He’s my student. He didn’t mean for it to happen, and neither did I.’

That part was true.

The fall really had been an accident.

Dante never intended for this to happen, but he sure was happy it did.

But that wasn’t what was eating at her.

It was something else.

Slowly, almost without thinking about it, her hand drifted down between her thighs.

Her fingers pressed against her pants, and the damp surface made her freeze before she clamped her legs together as if someone would see it.

Too bad for her, the person she didn’t want to see it the most was watching everything in 4k.

Natasha pulled her hand back hesitantly and stared at her fingertips. Her face turned red like a tomato all over again.

She was wearing jeans, but the moisture had bled through, leaving a faint shine on her fingers.

Which could only mean she was wet. Very, very wet.

"This... must be because I haven’t done anything with a man for so many years." She instantly found an excuse to cope.

Her body was indeed very sensitive, but that wasn’t the real reason she said those words.

She wiped her fingers against her pants like that would make the evidence go away.

But deep down, she already knew.

Her body had betrayed her completely.

The boy she had raised and watched grow up had gotten her pussy soaked just by his cock accidentally pressing against her for a few seconds.

Just as she had started drowning in self-hate and shame, Dante finally made a move.

After all, if anyone had to point fingers at the person most responsible for this situation, it was him.

[Congratulations, you have successfully completed Task 2!]

"Haha." Natasha laughed in anger, her eyebrow twitching, as the blue screen popped up in front of her.

"I almost forgot..." She said, blowing out a breath before saying loudly in anger. "You fucking bot, you are the reason for all of this!"

She had almost started doubting her own character and morals, wondering if she was some crazy woman who gets turned on by her own student.

"This is all your fault. I admit I was a bit arrogant earlier, but you went way too far!" Natasha spoke in a murderous tone.

***

Dante felt the killing intent through the system screen and shivered all over.

’Shit, she’s really angry!’ He thought, sweat forming on his back. ’But, this isn’t entirely my fault either!’

He racked his brain to think of a solution, using every brain cell he had.

If he couldn’t calm her down, forget about getting her to do the last mission.

She wouldn’t do any missions at all.

***

[You... asked for a challenge and you got one.]

"Haha, you little...! If you had a solid body, we could have a real ’challenge.’" Natasha said with a scary smile, reaching out to grab the screen, but her hand went straight through it.

[Come on, this was just an accident! It’s no one’s fault.]

[I’m not omniscient. There’s no way I could have known how the task would play out.]

"Still, you’re the one who gave me the task in the first place." She replied. She wasn’t going to let it slide that easily.

[And you didn’t do it for nothing either.]

[I give the missions, you get the rewards. That was the deal!]

Natasha opened her mouth to argue back, but she had no words.

It was true.

This whole thing happened because she got greedy over a few mana stones. Even though legendary grade ones were rare, at the end of the day, they were still just mana stones.

"I don’t need your measly rewards, so don’t try to order me around." Natasha said after thinking it over for a moment.

"I can restore Dante’s kidney back if the mission ends in failure."

"Let’s end our deal."

[Heh, you want to back out now that you got your mana circuits fixed?]

Natasha flinched after being called out. But she didn’t care.

She didn’t want to do missions that would punish Dante gravely while only offering her measly rewards.

[How selfish. Looks like you only cared about yourself this whole time. There must have been an error when I chose you as my host.]

"What do you mean?" Natasha asked, feeling annoyed after being lectured. "If you’re talking about Dante’s condition, I’ll help him fix it on my own!"

[If your goal is to help him, then you should be doing the tasks.]

"Huh?" She was a bit taken aback by its words. "You mean you can fix his mana circuits? Don’t bullshit me! But you didn’t even let me share the Phoenix’s Tear with him!"

[That’s because Dante’s condition is way worse. You should know that better than anyone. As for whether I can help him, I’m a system. It should be self-explanatory.]

[Besides, do you really think you can help him? You spent two decades looking for the items that would fix your own broken circuits and didn’t find a single one.]

[You literally needed a system!]

[Can you even find the items that would restore Dante’s body before he dies? Can you say that with full confidence?]

"I..." Natasha wanted to say yes so desperately, but she really didn’t have the confidence.

If it weren’t for the system, she would have died in another two or three years. And like the system said, Dante’s condition was much worse than hers, and it was deteriorating with time.

She hadn’t checked his body in a while, so when she did this morning, she couldn’t feel a single trace of mana coming from him.

Every living thing had a bit of mana in their body.

Even corpses had some. It was completely abnormal for him to have none at all.

She had never come across a case like his.

She didn’t even have the courage to tell him about it.

So even if she was willing to spend the rest of her life looking for cures, Dante couldn’t.

He was just a human with a limited life span and a condition that kept declining.

"I can’t." She admitted after a look of struggle on her face.She realised she had been thinking too narrowly and saying things blinded by rage.

"So, can you tell me what the third task is?" Natasha asked with a bright smile on her face.

There were no signs left of the woman who was radiating murderous intent just moments ago.

[.....]

"Also, I was just joking about ending our deal earlier."

[.....]

"By the way, why didn’t you tell me I could use my rewards on others? And when do I get a grand reward like the tutorial mission?"

[.....]

"Hey, system, say something."

Dante didn’t expect his master to have such a shameless side to her. But he didn’t dislike it.

In fact, he was already loving it.

So he decided to respond the best way possible.

[Triggering Task 3...]