Chapter 21: My Master Underestimated Me And Overestimated Ryan’s Father By A Lot. A Lot of Inches

For a second, neither of them moved.

An invisible spark seemed to appear as they looked into each other’s eyes, making both of them forget where they were for a second.

Badump! Badump!

Natasha was the first to break. She turned her face away, her hand still on his chest.

Dante followed a second later.

Even though e had been acting the whole time, his heart skipped a beat without his permission.

’What...’ Natasha’s mind went blank for a moment before her thoughts caught up. ’Why did I look away? I didn’t even have a reason to look away...’

The realization made it worse. If she had felt nothing, she wouldn’t have needed to look away at all.

’Get a grip, Natasha.’ She shut her eyes for a second and forced out a breath. ’He’s your student. You literally raised him and watched him grow up!’

That should have been enough to make her heart stop racing, but it wasn’t.

It only had the opposite effect on her.

The more she tried to justify her actions, the more nervous she got.

Feeling the atmosphere getting weird, Natasha knew she had to do something.

"Haha, you must have been exercising pretty hard to get a physique like this." She said with a nervous laugh while wiping his chest. "Why didn’t you tell me about it? I would have helped you out with your meals."

Her attempt at making things feel normal again was, to put it lightly, terrible. She didn’t even look at his face once while she was talking.

She kept her head down the whole time.

Dante really had to fight the urge to point that out. He cleared his throat and answered, "I just didn’t want to trouble you, master."

"Besides, getting to eat your food every day is already a blessing."

"I-is that so?" She asked in a flustered tone while cursing her mind for connecting his words in a wrong way.

It was perfectly normal for her student to praise her cooking.

So why did her brain twist it into something a husband would say to his wife?

Seeing that even her brain was working against her, Natasha stopped talking and just focused on getting the mission done.

’I need to get out of here as fast as possible before things get any weirder.’ She thought, making up her mind.

However... It was only after she finished with his upper body that she realised how deeply fucked she was.

Her eyes kept jumping between the towel in her hand, his pants, and Dante’s face.

’No, no, I can’t laugh right now.’ Dante thought of every sad thing he could and forced the urge down.

The eye contact had been an opportunity his master gave him. The pants were the one he had planned for himself.

Dante pretended to notice her struggle and made a suggestion. "Master, you don’t have to..."

"...Just stay put."

"You can’t even move your body properly." Natasha refused right away and took a few moments to clear her head.

She then undid the button of his pants and slowly pulled them down, but it barely took a few seconds before she paused again.

Gulp!

Her eyes landed on the bulge in his boxers, the fabric framing the faint shape of his member.

’Is he... hard? Is it necause of me?’ Natasha was a little dumbfounded after seeing it, but then she reminded herself how attractive she was to men. She wasn’t the kind of person to blame Dante for something like this.

She knew men couldn’t really control it.

Besides, she was the one who had made the whole situation weird in the first place. It would have been pretty hypocritical of her to say anything.

"Ahem, you’re pretty healthy, I see." Natasha cracked a joke as she pulled his pants the rest of the way down and laid a towel over his crotch.

Dante just nodded at her hesitantly without saying a word.

She assumed he was too embarrassed to speak.

’What does she mean by "pretty healthy"... when I’m not even hard yet?’ Dante was confused after hearing her words.

It took him a moment to figure things out, and once he did, he was laughing like crazy on the inside.

If his flaccid state was already considered "pretty healthy," he couldn’t imagine how small Ryan’s father was.

’I should have known...’ Dante thought with an amusing smile.

Looking back at the plot, all of Victor Kingsley’s actions screamed small dick energy.

’Now then, shall I show you what a real dragon looks like, Master?’ He smiled deviously, looking at Natasha who was wiping his toes.

He began to think of all the horny things he could to get a boner.

Soon, he began to get hard, getting bigger and bigger.

A single towel wasn’t nearly enough for his cock.

Even with two layers of clothing, a tent formed. If she lifted the towel, the exact shape of his cock could be seen, straining against the fabric.

Natasha, who had just moved up to his thighs, noticed something shocking that almost made her eyes bulge out of their sockets.

’Wha... W-WHAT IS THAT THING?’ she barely controlled herself from speaking out loud.

She pretended not to notice anything and kept going with her work. But inside, she was shocked, dumbfounded, flabbergasted and, thoroughly speechless.

’Why is it so BIG?! It looks like it’s going to burst out of his boxers any second now...’

Dante had surprised her in a lot of ways over the course of a single day, but this particular surprise under his boxers... left a deep impression on her.

Natasha realised she had underestimated her student by a lot.

A LOT of inches.