Chapter 359: Culprits

"S- Sorry, please cut off our legs and take out our eyes, we deserve to look the worst just like you general, we deserve the worst possible punishment."

The two instantly knelt down on the ground, smashing their heads against the ground.

The more he listened to them the angrier the general became; taking a deep breath he shouted:

"Let’s go to that location before someone discovers the button, and you will get your punishment very soon."

***

BANG

Monk Shitless smashed the car into one of the trees at full speed. Vritra was busy chatting with Yasmine at that moment and couldn’t react in time.

"Ughh S- Sorry pitiful one, as I had promised, since I messed up, so you can cut Onest’s head off, I won’t struggle at all." Monk Shitless said with a look of remorse on his face.

"You fuckerrrr!!"

Onest shouted from behind; a tree had even plunged into the back of the car from somewhere and almost tore off the small pouch that carried his family jewels, just barely.

"Sigh I knew this was gonna happen." Vritra sighed and looked outside; the sky was slightly darker now, and they would have to walk or fly now.

But Vritra was sure if they actually flew then before reaching their destination they would attract too much dangerous attention to themselves.

"Well I can sense a city or something not too far away from here, so let’s just go there." They got out of the car and stretched; the ride was quite fun as long as it lasted.

"..." Monk Shitless was secretly happy since he didn’t get any sort of punishment.

As they began to walk ahead, Vritra looked to the side and spoke:

"Shitless, you will be carrying all the luggage that your Bullo is carrying and walk along with us, that will be your punishment."

Monk Shitless showed a pitiful expression but received no kindness, so he took the luggage from Bullo’s back and began to drag his body forward.

They had just walked a kilometre or so when the group collectively saw something strange in the middle of the forest.

There was a small hole in the ground in which a single eye, nose, and a wide mouth could be seen, almost as if a face had been smashed into the ground.

And right beside that hole, a heavy small stone table could be seen and on top of that table a single button was embedded.

"Now what is this?" Yasmine muttered, it was hard to guess since whatever it activated was quite far away from there.

"Well whatever it might be, let’s keep on going." Vritra said, knowing how bad his luck is; he didn’t want to take any chances.

The others nodded as well, maintaining their distance from the stone table.

They had just taken ten or so steps when they heard Monk Shitless’s tired but excited voice from behind.

"Whoa, what’s a table doing here, and what is this?" Without a single thought his hand moved, pressing his finger against the button as he pushed it down hurriedly.

"Noo—" Vritra tried to stop the monk but for the second time he was a bit late, by the time he appeared beside the monk, the button was already pressed.

In the next moment, sounds of countless explosions rang out from the distance and it was as if the entire forest had brightened up.

BOOOM! WHOOSH!

BOOOOOOM!

BANNGGGG!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

"Whoa, such pretty fireworks, so that button was to let everyone enjoy this beautiful sight." Monk Shitless muttered, looking at the sky and seeing the beautiful explosions.

Vritra and the others stared at the sky, and this actually looked pretty.

"I wonder which kind soul would be so thoughtful to do this for random passersby, hehe let’s do this again." He pressed again but no more explosions sounded.

"I guess it could only be used once, let’s continue then."

Again they continued to walk.

On their path, the group encountered a few beasts that they killed easily and after walking for two hours, they finally found somewhere they could spend their night.

"Huh, why are all the people here living in tents? Is it some sort of tribal area?" Diana muttered, the atmosphere in the place seemed rather tense.

Approaching the people, Vritra explained their problem and since it was getting quite late, they just went to sleep.

***

Vritra had gotten a tent in which he slept on a bed along with his mother, Diana and Fiona.

Although the people here seemed poor, with burnt clothes and such shabby houses, they were kind.

"Mmm, good morning honey." Vanessa said; she gave a peck on his lips before getting out of the bed.

"Good morning darling." Fiona did the same, giving a kiss on his lips before getting up.

"Good morning master~" Diana said, although there was no need to but she just enjoyed calling him that a bit too much.

"Good morning..." Vritra replied sleepily, rubbing his eyes.

But then he heard loud shouts from outside and sat up; the noises were so loud that all his sleep disappeared.

"What happened here now?" Getting off the bed, he walked out of the tent and saw that just like the last night another commotion was going on.

Vritra stopped one of the enraged men and asked: "What happened here? Is there a problem?"

The man explained a few things, giving Vritra some useful info like:

All these people were from one of the cities outside the Quartz continent but in a recent attack from the one-eyed demon general their city was completely destroyed.

But thankfully the general Sirius came in time and beat up the demon pretty badly.

He was kind enough to promise the rebuilding of the entire city, so they had been living in the tents while the city was being built even better than before.

This morning, someone stole something very precious that belonged to their city and was kept in the house of the city chief.

"Oh, that’s so infuriating, once you catch the thief make sure you cut off his limbs and burn him to death."

Vritra said, but the poor man still had many things that the people of their city had suffered through.

More and more people gathered around Vritra and his group as they began to tell their stories, sharing their misery.

The city had been built completely, and they were celebrating the wonderful event but before they could even set foot in their new city, those damned demons made the entire place explode.

It was such a big explosion that not a single house was left intact.

They had lost their houses and the city for the second time, and this morning they just lost one of the most valuable treasures of their city.

Without it, they weren’t sure if the rich folks from the continent would even allow them to live near the continent.

"O- Oh, that sounds terrible, I hope you kill the culprits."

Vritra said, while he could tell that something was wrong with the entire situation and that they should leave the place as soon as possible.

Thankfully he was still in the form of Rich, so he didn’t had to worry as much.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...