Chapter 619 Instant Karma

On the other side of the portal, Jack was running around and screaming madly, but there was no one else.

He was kidnapped by Vritra and it had been days, he had been completely forgotten it seemed.

"You bastard, fight me if you dare, stop playing these underhanded tricks." He screamed, punching and kicking the air.

He was sure Vritra might have just used some trick to fool Fiona too, but he was going to do whatever it takes to make her come to her senses.

Just then, a portal opened and three women walked out.

"!!!" At first scared, Jack was instantly overjoyed.

"Fiona, goddess a- and is that Vritra's mother?" he wondered, but then laughed happily. "You are here for me, right? You have come to save me? SOB I knew it, I do hold a special place in your heart."

Fiona's expression changed instantly to one of disgust, she took a step back.

"Why is he here?"

"Fiona, it's me, Jack. Goddess, you remember me, right? You are here to rescue me, right? D- Don't tell me you also like me?" he was stunned by his own deductions at first.

But then he laughed and said: "Well, it's bad luck, I just love Fiona too much, but once we are together, then I might give you a chance."

It seemed him being a hero and growing so fast had made even the goddess fall for his charm.

"Wow, would you look at this kid. One could even say he was born to act in a condoms advertisement.

And this right here is exactly the regret of a generation, can't imagine how much pain your mother had endured after birthing you." Vanessa said, sighing.

"Whoa, that was nice." Diana praised.

"Heh, I am learning from honey."

The three women laughed as they watched Jack's expression, he was startled and humiliated.

"H- How dare you!! You think you can say whatever, I am going to-" he just raised his right hand to scare Vanessa.

BOOM

But in the next moment, his entire arm exploded into a bloody mist.

"If I were you, I would be careful not to mess up any more than you already have." Vritra's voice sounded. They all looked back and he stepped out of the portal.

After a moment of silence, Jack clutched his shoulder and began to scream in agony, blood spurting out wildly.

"Hmm, hi Jack, I didn't expect to meet you in the marriage." Vritra smiled as he paused beside his three wives.

"Ughhh W- Who the hell are you? And Fiona, he isn't even Vritra, why are you with him? Wasn't Vritra alive?" Jack at least hoped to get revenge on this new guy using Vritra.

"Haa, how stupid, look who can't take a guess." Vritra shook his head and after a moment his appearance changed back to the past one before returning to normal.

"I am Vritra." He announced.

"W- What? It can't be, you must be pretending to be him. He was clearly dead." Jack's hand was already healing, he looked towards Fiona, only she could save him now.

"Well, whatever you think, it doesn't matter. Anyway, Fiona is my wife." Vritra pulled her closer, giving a soft kiss on her tender red lips.

"Nooo, get away from her, Fiona, he is clearly fooling you!! You have to believe me, don't tell me he is pretending to be me. Fiona, I am the real Jack."

Jack screamed in desperation, watching his long time crush and love getting kissed by another guy.

"Ha, go to hell. There will only be one man in my heart, and that's my darling. Stop your delusions, I have never liked you and had firmly rejected all your proposals."

Fiona said in annoyance, kissing Vritra's lips just to prove her point.

"Goddess, y- you can see everything clearly, right? He is the hatefu-" Jack was just shouting when Vritra suddenly pulled Diana closer and kissed her lips too.

"She is my wife too, heh." Vritra then gave the signal.

And instantly, Maeve, Yasmine, and Teresa entered, stopping beside him.

"All of these wonderful and gorgeous women are my wives." Vritra looked at Jack, the other guy was really about to go mad.

'Well, that's about enough mental trauma for coveting my wives.'

After a few more moments, Maeve and the others left, leaving the two alone.

"J- Just let me live, what do you want? Y- You can have Fiona and the others, just don't kill me." Jack begged. As long as he survives, he could certainly get stronger.

And then, he would kill Vritra and-

But his thoughts were interrupted.

"Well, don't worry, I won't kill you. I am just going to do a little fishing here." As he spoke, Vritra took out a fishing rod.

Then he tossed the hook towards the confused Jack. The hook was instantly sucked into the space right above his head.

There were countless tiny threads connected to him and Vritra just had to steal one.

Although it was his first time trying this, he was able to quickly find the right thread.

His title Husband of the Fate Reaver was the reason why he could see those fate threads and why he wasn't affected by Teresa's ability.

"Alright, I caught it." Vritra pulled the string back hurriedly as the thread was torn forcefully.

"Aaaaaaah" Jack screamed, feeling as if his head itself was being torn.

Vritra pulled it with sudden force and finally got the fate of the hero. The moment he touched it, it automatically merged with him.

And Jack felt as if suddenly he had lost something very, very important.

"What have you done?!! S- Something is missing!!" he screamed.

Vritra didn't really care, he threw a tiny pin made of dust which instantly destroyed Jack's mana core.

He grimaced in even more pain as blood poured out of the wound, his eyes, nose, and mouth.

Vritra touched a drop of blood, and…

[Blood lock activated.]

"As I promised, I am going to let you go. So, just enjoy your life from now on."

Before Jack could mutter any nonsense, Vritra just threw him out into the real world.

He hadn't even closed the portal when suddenly another portal opened on the other side of Jack, surprising Vritra.

And in the next moment, dozens of tentacles rushed out.

"You damned Baldy, I am going to fuck you to death, how dare you leave me here and turn me into a noble sacrifice!!" Suddenly the monstrous voice of Shorty sounded from inside.

Then Shorty, who seemed to have mutated, became visible.

Jack was pulled inside instantly as his screams rang out.

After seeing this scene, Vritra just shook his head and greatly slowed down the power of Blood Lock.

Now that he had lost his hero halo, karma struck immediately.

"Haa, another thing has been taken care of. Now only one thing remains." He mumbled and disappeared from the realm.

Yennefer had only killed around a quarter of the demons yet, she was really torturing them to death.

Vritra didn't really mind, but he called them all closer, so Yennefer paused momentarily and flew near him.

"Well, after Yennefer is done, we will be going to a special place. So be prepared, my wifeys, something special awaits you." He said, rubbing his palms together, creating suspense.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...