Chapter 228: Murderer of Thousands!!

"If you wish to kill Jin Woo, then use the makeup glyph and arrive at the given venue. A fellow enemy of that demon. By- X."

And under this line, an address and time were given. The place wasn’t really too far from the castle. The young prince instantly became excited.

The young prince didn’t know who the letter was from or if it was some sort of joke, but after reading that one single line, a surge of excitement and the feeling of revenge surged in his heart. He would even make a deal with the devil if he could kill that hateful bastard.

’But what is the need for changing my appearance?’ the young prince wondered since nothing about it was mentioned in the letter.

Soon, he came to the conclusion that the X person was probably going to make him meet some dangerous assassins, so revealing one’s identity might be dangerous.

’I guess he has connections but lacks the money to finish the task. I will pay, no matter how much money is needed to kill that bastard.’ The youngest prince thought with determination as he got off the bed.

This was exactly what Vritra aimed to do, and it was why he hadn’t explained anything in that letter. When a person finds reason behind something himself, he most probably won’t suspect things.

But if Vritra had written the same thing, the prince would have been suspicious and doubtful of the motives.

The prince held the makeup glyph in his hand and activated it. In the next instant, his clothes and appearance changed completely. Even his height and weight seemed different.

Walking in front of a mirror, the prince was surprised by his current appearance. He looked too handsome with such a perfect body. And that face felt a bit familiar, though he couldn’t remember where exactly he had seen it.

’Isn’t this even more eye-catching?’ the prince wondered. Then he took a black cloth and wrapped it around himself, read the address once again, and walked out of his room.

At the gate, he showed his emblem to the guards without showing his face and passed through.

"Sigh, I feel just a little pity for the youngest prince, just a little bit. He can’t even show his face anywhere.

Pfftt... that sight of him walking like a dog was truly magnificent..." one of the guards at the entrance laughed as he watched the prince walk away.

"I wonder where he is going this late at night. Do you think we should inform the king about it?" another guard asked.

"...Yeah, that would be for the better. Otherwise, if something goes wrong outside, we might be the ones to receive punishment for that rascal prince," said the first guard.

And so, one of the guards went to inform the king about the first prince’s departure.

Walking through the dark streets, the young prince’s anger was slowly getting replaced by fear. He hadn’t even brought any guards with him, and now he was wondering if this was the right choice or not.

But because of his hatred, he continued to walk. After entering a rather shady area, he walked to the end and halted in front of the biggest house, as instructed in the letter.

’How long do I have to wait here now?’ the young prince wondered while looking left and right.

Right behind him on the large wall, a few lines were written in blood in clear big letters, but because of the darkness, the prince didn’t notice anything.

Soon, however, he smelled the scent of blood. With a frown, the prince looked around in confusion and finally his gaze landed on the wall behind him. With narrowed eyes, he began to read the lines.

"Today, the emerging demon lord Vritra, the killer of your family members, will be here at night. He has greatly weakened. If you wish to avenge your loved ones, then kill him however you want."

The prince wondered who could have written it. It didn’t seem like some kid’s game, but he shrugged his shoulders and continued to wait.

’Demon lord Vritra, Vritra...’ the young prince repeated the name in his mind a few times, and suddenly something clicked in his mind.

"Right, my current appearance looks exactly like the demon lord Vritra. Wait—don’t tell me!!" the prince felt a shiver run through his body as he realized this was all a trap.

’F- Fuck, I have to get out of here.’ He exclaimed inwardly and was about to remove the makeup glyph, but right at that moment...

BANG!!

A heavy object fell from the top of the building and hit him right on the head. As blood spewed out and the prince’s sight darkened, he fell to the ground.

His mind became foggy, and once again, he regretted just the thought of going against that devil. This was definitely his plan.

’S- Save me... someone, I am not Vritra...’ the prince could only try to speak, but he was barely hanging onto his consciousness.

Soon, the doors of all the houses opened and lots of angry people walked out. Many were crying and many were shouting and cursing, for they had finally found the murderer of their family members.

Vritra had done his research about this rumor, the one which said he had killed thousands of innocent people.

Well, that was complete bullshit. But some of the people from the Nine Pacts and Bone Blood Cult lived dual lives.

Those scums used their ordinary identity to do various sorts of tasks openly in society. This gave them freedom, and they didn’t really care about these families. But for all these people, they had lost innocent loved ones, so their anger against Vritra was unprecedented.

But in reality, it was better that those scums died otherwise all these people would have just become living stocks for them.

"H- He really came here!! How come he is so weak? I heard he could even kill 2nd legion rank warriors. L- Let’s check his appearance first," someone exclaimed.

Several men carrying weapons came forward and pulled away the black cloth, and it really was Vritra who appeared in front of them, his face half covered in blood.

"It is really him. Maybe he got injured in some fight. I heard the Golden Moon is chasing him after all. Whatever might be the case, we finally have the bastard who took away my brother from me. Let’s kill him before the Golden Moon or the guards arrive and arrest him."

"Sob... Why did you kill my husband? He wasn’t even a warrior... why did you kill him? He was innocent and only went there to earn more for our children. You beast, how could you... sob..." a woman cried, shouting at the dazed prince.

’W- What’s going on? I am innocent, I am the prince. I am not Vritra!! Somebody help me, I am being framed.’ The prince screamed in his mind, as he felt several men dragging him towards an altar. They tied his hands and feet to the wooden bamboos placed there in advance.

"Now, everyone!! This is the criminal who destroyed our families. We can’t just give him to others for justice. We have to serve justice by our own hands.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...