Chapter 340: Barking

With Yennefer’s help, Vritra walked towards the entrance of their new home.

Opening the door, they found that most of the people of the town were gathered outside and two groups seemed to have formed.

On one side was Chopper with the smaller group and on the other side a young man seemed to be the leader of the group.

Both the sides seemed to be in a heated discussion, clearing his throat, Vritra asked: "Chopper, what’s going on here?"

"Oh you are awake, what are you doing out here? Go inside, you need to rest." Chopper said, not wanting him to hear anything.

"Just tell us, what is going on?" Yennefer said with a frown, feeling so many unfriendly gazes focused on her.

"Hmph, he won’t say anything, let me tell you." The guy from the other group with a big beard stepped forward and said in a loud voice, as if declaring some new law:

"We have just received a threat from the Bone Blood Cult, that if you stay in this town then they will kill all the residents, using those abominations.

So, you have to leave, I don’t know or care where you two live but you can’t stay here any longer."

"..." Vritra looked around and soon saw the message written on the town hall in big letters, they wanted Yennefer to leave the protection of the town.

"Yes you have to leave, or do you want everyone in the town to die because of you?"

"Throw them out of the town, the Bone Blood Cult has become more active ever since they arrived."

"How can you say that? What is the guarantee that they won’t do it after they left?

What if those cultists want any of you to leave next time?!!" Chopper spoke in rage.

But most of the people wanted the empress and Vritra to leave.

"..." Yennefer was silent, not sure what to say. She didn’t really care about these people, but couldn’t just ignore them right now.

Vritra lightly tapped over Yennefer’s arm, taking a step forward.

He stretched slightly and then straightened, he wasn’t wearing a shirt since his upper body was covered by bandages.

Yennefer stared at his back, feeling butterflies in her belly, as she remembered the scene when he stood in front of hundreds of abominations.

He looked so hot, shaking her head she brought herself back to the present.

Vritra walked towards the bearded guy, pausing in front of him, he spoke: "And how are you going to make us leave? By barking outside our house?"

"What?!!" the bearded guy was shocked at first, he looked Vritra up and down and laughed.

"Do you want to die? Go and hide inside the house, if I sneeze too hard I might end up accidentally breaking a bone or two of yours—"

Before he could finish, Vritra raised his right hand and flicked a finger, just beside the bearded guy’s ear.

BANG

It was like a bomb had exploded, the bearded guy staggered and let out a scream, clutching his ear as blood began to leak out.

Everyone was shocked to see a several-meter-long and half a meter deep crater in the ground.

They stared at him in bafflement, finding it impossible to believe that someone could really be this strong in this town.

"Now, who wants me and my wife to leave this town, please step forward." Vritra said, his piercing gaze scanning the crowd.

They all shivered under his gaze and looked down, even the air seemed to feel suffocating all of a sudden.

Vritra decided to no longer hide his strength, he needed to instill some fear in their hearts.

"Good, now return to your work and if I find a single person trash talking about her, I WILL FIND YOU AND MAKE YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT PAIN REALLY IS!!"

No sooner had he finished, the entire crowd dispersed, leaving only a few people behind.

"Damn dude, how did you do that? Did your complete strength return?" Mark walked up to him and asked, looking awed.

"So I was right, you really had killed many abominations. Ben, did you find a way out of here?" Chopper said.

"Woah, so handsome..." Lisa stared at him with wide eyes.

As soon as the others were gone, Vritra walked back to Yennefer and leaned onto her, appearing very weak.

"Can’t you see how injured my husband is, keep your questions for now."

Yennefer said, calling him her husband made her feel all tingly inside, she loved claiming him and showing everyone who he truly belonged to.

"O- Oh, please forgive us, we just got a little too excited here." Chopper and the others apologized, they watched as the couple walked back inside.

"Didn’t Ben look ten times more handsome now?" Lisa muttered with a dreamy look.

"Yeah he did, but didn’t you have a lover waiting for you outside? And have you not seen Yenni’s face before, I have never seen a woman as beautiful, so give up."

Mark patted her shoulder before leaving.

...

Vritra and Yennefer lay on the bed, she hugged him even tighter.

It felt so good when he stood against everyone for her, and Vritra keeps making her feel it again and again.

"Ouch, are you trying to kill me by a hug?" Vritra said, though getting tightly embraced by her soft body only brought a pleasurable feeling.

"Ah sorry, I forgot about your injuries for a moment. You know, I have been meaning to say something to you..." Yennefer spoke, her breathing getting faster.

"What? Don’t tell me you are getting horny again, well I can’t really move much so—" Vritra joked, loving teasing this emotionless empress.

"Not that, I mean I can wait for a while. Anyway, I wanted to say that I think—no I mean..." taking a deep breath she spoke: "I love you!"

Yennefer wasn’t really as shy as other women and was quite straightforward with her feelings, and by now she was sure she wanted to always stay close to him.

"Oh, and what about that emperor of yours? And that Han that keeps following you? And you know, I am already in relation with other women, are you really fine with it?"

Vritra said, their relation couldn’t begin properly until a few things had been cleared.

"You don’t have to worry about Han or the emperor, they won’t be able to control my life for long. As for those women... you can keep them."

Yennefer said, though the jealousy could clearly be seen on her face.

"I see, okay I understand. But first let’s get out of here." Vritra added, it was impossible to completely understand a person in a short time.

He wasn’t sure if she would still be exactly the same after all her strength returns.

And he also wanted to know more about her, about her obsessions, why she hated demons so much.

Lying in each other’s arms, they started talking about different things.

"Can you tell me why you hate the demons so much?" Vritra asked after a while, he was sure it must be a sensitive topic for her.

"..." Yennefer fell silent, her mood clearly getting down.

After a moment she spoke: "I am sorry but I can’t tell you about it yet, it is sort of an... oath for me."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...