Chapter 504: The Thieves

As Vritra, Fiona and Vanessa entered the capital, he instantly sensed that the two weren’t in there.

Normally, Vanessa and Diana could have sensed him, but Vritra hid it from them since he wanted to surprise them.

The three were flying at high speed, Vanessa on his left while Fiona on his right, holding his hand.

Slowing down, Vritra spoke: "They aren’t in the capital, I sense them from that direction."

Vritra pointed in the opposite of Phoenix Kingdom, near the new Cloud City.

"Hmm they did inform me about going to find some clue about you and Yennefer, maybe they had gone to check that." Vanessa said.

"Okay, you two wait for me in the capital, I will bring them with me." Vritra said, imagining surprising them.

"Hmm be careful honey." Vanessa said, despite knowing about his current strength, she still couldn’t help but be worried.

"..." Fiona’s fingers remained intertwined with his for a few lingering moments, then she reluctantly let go.

"I will be back asap." Vritra kissed the two ladies goodbye, he wanted his entire family to be together.

Only if he could find Yennefer now too.

In the next instant he disappeared, after staying there for a few more seconds, Fiona and Vanessa flew away.

...

Vritra was heading in the direction of the Cloud City, but suddenly he paused, seeing something familiar.

"Oh right, I felt I was forgetting something." He finally remembered, before the war in the Cloud City began, when the game was about to start, many people had disappeared.

Shitless, Onest, Xie and many other demons weren’t there in the arena, they had disappeared, and at that time Vritra didn’t have any time to worry about them.

Only now he remembered.

Bullo was running over the street, a familiar scene, except the bull was a lot stronger than before.

The street was turning into a mess, and Bullo seemed to be chasing someone.

Vritra looked ahead and saw dozens of priests running for their life.

"Sigh still the same troublemakers they are." Vritra shook his head, he continued to look around but didn’t see the monk.

But soon his gaze landed on a building that seemed to be a temple, and... it was on fire?

Just then...

BOOOOOM!

The top of the building exploded, on the other hand, Bullo crashed into the priests, tossing them all over the place.

Even among the panic and screams, the clear sound of bones breaking rang out.

Finally, he saw the two guys, Shitless and Onest, both flying up from the temple, evil looks on their faces as they stole something from there.

Of course Shitless couldn’t fly, so he was dragged along by Onest.

"Haha looks like they got quite professional in all this time." Yasmine laughed at the sight.

Vritra suddenly flashed in front of the two, his arms were crossed in front of his chest, looking at them with a suspicious look.

"What have you stolen? Where are you going?" he questioned, his voice neutral.

{Sin Point Gained: Shaken +1}

"!!!" Onest was baffled as he froze just as the man suddenly flashed before his eyes.

"Y- You! You are...?" Onest was speechless, staring at the person with wide eyes before questioning: "A- Are you from Golden Moon?"

Knowing that escaping might be impossible against this strong of an opponent, Onest weighed his option.

Shitless was being dragged along by his clothes, so he was hanging downwards.

With difficulty he turned his head and saw the person who had stopped them.

"P- Pitiful one?!!" somehow like always, he recognized Vritra at the first glance.

The monk’s eyes and mouth were wide open, before becoming teary.

"You are baaaaaccckkkkk!! sobbbbb"

"Huh? Pitiful one, why are you calling him by the title of that psycho...!!" Onest spoke in confusion before understanding something and staring back at the extremely handsome guy before them.

"Wait- Huh? You are... Are you really Vritra?!! Oh damn, why do you look so different- no that’s not important, how did you rise from the dead? Uh..."

Onest spoke in shock, his mind failing to make any proper thought.

He clutched his head to calm down but accidentally let go of Shitless.

Uwaaaahhhh...

Shitless let out a terrified scream, his body falling from such a high height.

Rolling his eyes, Vritra made a small platform made of dust which safely appeared under Shitless before bringing him back up.

"Yes it is me. But more importantly, I didn’t expect you to fall so low, I can understand for Onest but Shitless you even started stealing from temples now?" Vritra said, shaking his head in disappointment.

"No pitiful one, that is not the case. I am definitely not like that, I can piss over a temple but I wouldn’t fall as low as this thief." Shitless got to his feet and rubbed off the dust and his shock before speaking truthfully.

"What? Why are you speaking as if I am a disgusting, low piece of shit who is the scum of this planet?" Onest questioned, before scratching his head and wondering why he said all that.

"Well at least you know, anyway what is going on?" Vritra asked again.

He didn’t really care about temples and such, but the continent now belonged to his women so he wouldn’t like if someone was causing trouble there.

"Oh, this task was given to us by goddess, this was a fake temple and a base of Golden Moon where they collected information and funding.

So we destroyed it haha haven’t I become very evil during this time?" Shitless asked proudly.

"I see, so that’s how it is. Well good job then." Vritra remained silent for a moment then he took the bags from Shitless and threw them towards Onest.

"Return to the capital, I will meet you there. Sir Shitless, why don’t you come with me?"

Vritra spoke nicely, giving the monk goosebumps, whenever he was called by that title, Shitless was thrown into trouble.

"Uhm... I still have some work-"

"Come on, let’s go, I am not really asking for your consent." Vritra turned, as the platform started moving on its own, dragging the pitiful Shitless along.

"So what happened during that day, were you guys thrown into prison or something?"

Onest watched as the two flew away, it seemed the peaceful times were about to come to an end.

"He looks unimaginably stronger now, he has truly become a monster now." Onest muttered, feeling cold shivers, even though the two were on the same team.

Then he turned and flew back.

...

Vritra and Shitless chatted along the way, Shitless told him how their group was thrown into prison outside the continent just when they were about to distribute the glyphs.

While Vritra gave bits and pieces of info about himself.

And it wasn’t long before they arrived at the graveyard, which was located in the forest just outside the Cloud City.

"W- why are we going there?" Shitless felt ominous energy coming from there, and even more from Vritra whose mind must be cooking something far too evil.

"..." Vritra quite easily located Maeve and Diana, but stayed quiet for a minute, only after the pack leader put his condition did he decide to intervene.

They have already signed death contract by saying such words for his women, it seemed the entire Gravion organization was about to perish.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...