Chapter 194: Abduction

Vritra suddenly felt light and couldn’t move his body. He wanted to run, but even his mind seemed to have slowed down while the space around him was completely sealed. Even Yasmine couldn’t teleport him away.

In the next moment, a fragrant scent like fresh flowers hit Vritra as the empress appeared right beside him. After staring at him closely for a few seconds, she grabbed his arm and began to fly away.

’W- What the hell is happening? Am I being abducted? Am I going to get killed?’ Vritra frowned. Being so close to this woman, there was little chance of his survival even with all his skills.

"D- Don’t worry, I don’t think she knows you are a demon yet." Yasmine tried to calm Vritra, even though she was panicking a bit herself.

’Oh, and how do you know that?’ Vritra asked while he was being dragged back towards the rift that had opened in the sky.

"Because you are still alive. No way she would allow any demon to breathe in such close proximity to herself.

She hates them with all her might. So whatever happens, you can’t reveal any of that—just make her believe you only possess the dragon’s physique and bloodline." Yasmine warned.

Even if she tried to sacrifice him now, it would result in nothing; Yennefer Aven is just too strong.

’I- I will do my best. But still, why would she target me out of all these people? Don’t tell me she fell for me at first sight or something—though the faint killing intent I sense says otherwise.’ Vritra could only wait for now.

"Empress, what are you doing? Do you plan to kill him?" Han asked as he gazed at Vritra and felt he seemed a bit familiar. At such high levels, even their memories had improved a lot, so after a few seconds, he recognized Vritra.

"Oh, isn’t that Jin Woo? Empress, he is the winner of the competition today, so I don’t think it is a good idea to kill him. Why don’t you just kill a few others to appease your anger?" Han said, and Vritra looked at the empress’s back in hope, but she didn’t even pay any attention to the protector’s words.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +82,593}

{Sin Point Gained: Pitied +82,992}

{Sin Point Gained: Envied +1,356}

...

"Sigh, do as you wish. If killing him can make you happier, then so be it." Han Gratt straightened and shrugged his shoulders. He just watched as the empress dragged the helpless Vritra into the space rift.

Soon, the space rift disappeared and everything returned to normal. The protector stared at the empty space for a few seconds before shaking his head and disappearing.

Vritra might be one of the contenders for that marriage trial, but what can be done when the empress wishes to kill him?

All the people who had just seen the abduction sighed in pity. They had heard of the high temper of the empress and how she would just kill whenever she wanted.

They all knew that Jin Woo had won the competition not long ago and they were sure he was going to be someone big in the future—but now there won’t be a future for him.

******

After passing through the rift, Vritra found himself in a large room-shaped space. Though it was completely empty, as if everything that had once existed there had disappeared, the walls were painted in different colours.

The windows and doors were shut tight. Aside from that, there was absolutely nothing in the room.

Yennefer let go of his arm as Vritra landed on his feet. After observing his surroundings and trying to find any way of escape, he fixed his eyes on the empress.

"A- Are you going to k- kill me?" Vritra asked, appearing really afraid, even as he thought of all kinds of possibilities—any chance of escaping her.

But Vritra was indeed going to fight a deadly battle with the empress earlier than he could have expected. One single attack from her would lead to his death—she really had plans to kill him.

"Show me your real face." Yennefer turned and stood in front of Vritra, staring directly into his eyes.

"T- True face? W- What do you mean?" he asked, continuing with his fearful act. Though he had a feeling anything in front of this woman would be useless.

Her face remained absolutely emotionless as she continued: "If you speak gibberish one more time, then I will kill you right here and bring someone else for my task."

’So she really needs me for something. Sigh, thankfully she didn’t bring me here just to kill me. But I have a feeling she will kill me very soon.’ Vritra gulped in nervousness as he nodded.

"Just follow her instructions for now. We are inside the Scarlet Inheritance. I will look through the map and find some way to escape." Yasmine suggested as she began to study the map he had obtained.

’My life is in your hands now, wifey...’ Vritra said.

[Intra Shuffle activated.]

His face twisted and soon another face appeared—though that wasn’t his real face either.

"..." Yennefer frowned as she raised her right hand. A dangerous energy began to gather in her palm.

"Wait, wait, I am sorry. I will do it." Vritra sighed in self-pity as his face twisted once again, and finally, his real face—much more handsome than the fake one—appeared.

It seemed although Yennefer couldn’t see his real face, she somehow knew which ones weren’t.

The empress stared at his face and then nodded. She looked at the wall and then began to speak in her cold, emotionless tone:

"This is the Scarlet Couple Inheritance, and it is really very important to me. No matter what, I can’t afford to not obtain the inheritance. I have to get it at any cost."

"I- Is that so? Well, did you bring me here to ask for my permission or something? I h- have no problem with it, so please go ahead. Now I will excuse myself." After saying that, he turned—but couldn’t see any exit.

Right now, only one of his hearts was beating while the other remained hidden. Not even dragons possess two hearts. If she heard two heartbeats from his chest, then she would surely kill him.

"Are you a dragon?" Yennefer wasted no time as she asked, ignoring his acting and jokes.

"Uh... yes." Vritra nodded, as scales appeared over his cheek and arms.

The empress stared at them carefully, as if she was confirming her doubts. She really was suspecting Vritra of being a demon, but seeing those scales, she seemed convinced as she gave another nod.

"So, why did you bring me here, e- Empress?" Vritra asked respectfully. He really couldn’t think why—aside from the reason that she wanted to kill him.

"What is your name? You are from the Blue Kingdom? What about your family?" she asked, ignoring his question.

"I am J- Jin Woo. Yes, I am. I have no other family members, I live alone." He answered carefully, honesty dripping from his face.

She stepped forward and grabbed his wrist, and began to sense something. A few seconds passed in silence, then she stepped back.

Yennefer spoke in the same emotionless tone: "So Jin Woo, I need to borrow your penis for a moment."

"Um... Sorry, what?"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...