Chapter 221: Do you want to die?

"Aaaaaaah S- Spare me sob I’m sorry the manager asked m- me ahhhhh to do this sob ughhh spare meeeeee!"

Vritra slowly began to press as cracks began to form over his skull, and the rat screamed in pain, wriggling helplessly.

In the next moment, Vritra stomped over Rat’s head, making it explode in all directions, as pieces of his brain and skull flew all around.

The people watching this were terrified to see such an inhumane act, the most shocked was of course the fat manager since this rat man was the brother of his wife.

He had just joined the hotel which is why he started from the lowest position, but fatty was going to give him a promotion after this.

"Uh H- He... S- Save m- aaaaaah" the young prince screamed in horror. He wasn’t even able to form proper words; he had started to regret ever playing this prank on Vritra.

"S- Stop him!!" the commander shouted as he moved back and made the guards attack Vritra. The fearful guards couldn’t move back or forward, they were afraid of even getting close to that devil.

Vritra continued to move. Not a single drop of blood could be seen on his body— even his shoe was completely clean, even after smashing Rat’s head.

Right then, six men appeared in front of the guards out of nowhere and the sight of them gave the prince extreme confidence. These were the personal protectors of the king, few of the strongest members of the entire kingdom.

There was just no way Vritra, who had just entered legion rank, could take a single attack from them.

Their level was above 1900, even the king can’t face all of them at once, so they doubted a new legion-rank warrior could do anything in front of them.

"Yes yes, kill that bastard. H- He killed so many guards for no reason, he has gone mad. Kill him immediately before he could h- harm me, hahaha let me see how you get out of this, Jin Woo. Die, you bastard!!"

All of the prince’s fear transformed into rage as he shouted, waiting to see Vritra be brutally murdered.

One of the five stepped forward. After gazing around at all the corpses, he spoke to Vritra in a calm but arrogant tone.

"Stop right there and surrender, or we are going to kill you in the most gruesome way."

"But can you?" Vritra asked, his voice devoid of emotions as he started walking forward.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

Seeing Vritra charge without any fear, the six gave him one last warning, but it didn’t hinder Vritra so finally they decided to kill him right there and then.

Just one of the men took a step forward, confident that he alone would be enough to deal with Vritra.

Raising his hand, he pointed his fingers towards Vritra as his fingers began to transform into claws. Then he pounced forward, slashing at Vritra’s neck at an extreme speed.

SWISH

His claws tore through Vritra’s neck, but something was strange. He didn’t get that satisfying feeling of his claws tearing apart flesh; it was like Vritra had turned into air, and his deadly attack just passed straight through his body.

"How is this possible? What sort of ability is it?" the attacker exclaimed. The other five were just as shocked, but for the first attack, they wanted to believe that Vritra somehow got lucky.

He slashed again, then again and again...

But each time, his claws just passed right through.

Vritra’s body continued to move forward. Vritra’s control over the fourth dimension had already risen to a level where he could even make a small part of his body disappear for a split second.

The only part of his body that disappeared were the parts attacked by the claw—that’s why no one even noticed his body disappearing. The others were flabbergasted as they watched their friend helplessly use all sorts of attacks against Vritra, but nothing worked.

After looking at one another, they too decided to join, and all six of them began to attack him at once with all sorts of attacks—some physical, energy-based, and even mental.

Although mental attacks could still work on Vritra, his intelligence points were very high, and with Shift and Recovering working in the background, he wasn’t affected at all.

"W- What is happening? Is he made of air? Why aren’t they able to kill him? Aren’t they supposed to be the strongest in this kingdom?

How can he be so strong—didn’t he just reach the legion rank?" The prince was in despair once again, he was terrified as he watched Vritra walking forward even though the six men continued to try to hurt him.

"Huff huff, K- Keep trying, this must be some sort of high-level ability. Since it is so special, then it must need a large amount of energy—he will run out of energy sooner or later."

One of the men spoke, but then he froze as Vritra simply passed through him. It was really like he was a ghost. The six men felt helpless as they could only watch Vritra move forward.

Even though the young prince was useless and spoiled, it was their duty to protect the members of the royal family.

Vritra raised both his hands to either side of his body, as the dust swords extended and created a loud noise as they tore through the walls on both sides and continued to drag forward.

With a sudden movement, Vritra slashed with both the swords horizontally, making a semi-circle in the air, as all the guards who were cowering behind the six protectors were torn apart at the same time.

More than seventy men died in an instant, and finally, the prince and the fat manager had no one to hide behind.

They got on their knees and started to cry, beg, hit their heads on the floor as the fear of death finally crept into their hearts.

The dust swords disappeared. Vritra extended one hand forward as the invisible dust particles moved at extreme speed and pulled the fat manager suddenly towards him.

"Aaaaaaah S- Stop him someoneeeeee please sob sob I am sorry! It was that rotten prince’s fault, please I beg you, s- spare my life." Fatty cried as Vritra made a grabbing motion and the fatty was hung in the air. He really felt as if his throat was being strangled.

"What is going on here?" A hurried voice sounded from near the prince.

Vritra raised his eyes and glanced at the king, who had arrived there in a hurry along with lots of other people—even the crown prince was present.

"!!!" Henry was shocked to see so many of his dead men. The six protectors were still trying to kill Vritra, but to no avail.

And the fatty hung in the air. The king gritted his teeth as he tried to remain calm and spoke:

"Put him down first. I am sure this must be my son’s fault, so let’s talk it out."

Vritra’s gaze remained on the king. With a light squeeze of his hand, dust particles swirling around the fatty’s body suddenly charged towards him and violently tore his skin, creating a bloody mess of blood and flesh.

Then a deadly pressure descended, and it almost made the king kneel.

"Henry, do you want to die?"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...