Chapter 576 Softness All Around [R-18]

Yasmine pushed Vritra onto the bed, the room surrounded by several layers of barriers.

Her clothes sensually slipped off her, revealing her delicate and voluptuous body, her skin glistening like sweet cream.

Soon she stood completely naked before him, biting her lower lip as her breasts bounced out of her bra.

"Hubby, now that we have wasted so much time, you need to compensate." Yasmine muttered as she knelt before him and helped him take off his clothes.

Then she gently took hold of his member, rubbing her palms against the soft penis which instantly started to harden under her caress and rubbing.

She blew warm air over the tip, making Vritra hum in pleasure since the air was a bit chilly around them.

As the penis became long and hard, Yasmine leaned forward and enveloped it between her soft, squishy breasts, only leaving the tip out.

Suddenly having his cock wrapped by such softness and warmth, Vritra released a long sigh, he had actually never tried this.

"Hubby, I am starting…" the dragoness muttered in a sultry tone, squeezing her boobs from either side and beginning to rub with force.

Then her mouth descended over the tip, as she gave a lick to the glans, licking off a drop of precum.

"Mmm~" While squeezing the cock between her breasts, she started licking the tip, her tongue rubbing and poking against the sensitive glans.

Vritra could even feel her nipples rubbing against his skin, as the utter softness enveloped him.

The shape of her breasts had changed completely upon getting tightly squeezed from both sides.

SLURP SLURP

As her tongue continued to move over the glans, more and more precum started to leak.

Opening her mouth, she took the head and tightly wrapped her lips around it, sucking hard while her tongue continued to lick.

Vritra leaned back, placing one of his hands over her head, this really felt so different from normal oral.

The temperatures of their bodies rose, the room filled with sultry sounds as the dragoness continued to suck, lapping at the tip as she savoured the taste of his sweet precum.

Her cheeks hollowed out as she sucked, almost trying to pull every drop of his semen directly.

The sensation of her boobs and the constant poking of her tongue and such strong suction, before long made his cock shudder in her mouth.

And although this was the first time she was devouring his cock, she knew what was coming.

So Yasmine doubled down on her efforts, rubbing and squeezing her breasts even harder.

Her teeth brushed against the glans while the tongue poked at the tiny hole at the tip, as she sucked even harder.

Vritra leaned forward, pushing more of his cock into her mouth, and then…

SPURT

Thick and hot semen shot out, flooding her mouth, but Yasmine got to work and started gulping while savouring the taste of his sweet fluids.

The cum stuck to her tongue and throat as she felt wave after wave of semen flowing down her throat.

GULP GULP

She continued to gulp for a few dozen seconds, feeling the hot fluid fill up her belly.

Finally, the cock stopped shooting the thick white milk, keeping the cock in her mouth, Yasmine first rolled the semen around her tongue and then gulped it down.

Then she licked the tip, licking the glans clean and sucked out any lingering drops of semen back into his cock.

After having her fill, she pulled back, releasing a contented sigh, she really loved the taste of his semen.

But what she loved even more was the feeling of his semen filling up her womb, she felt at ease having it in her body.

"Hubby haa g- give it to me… mmm~ fill me up~" she spoke, looking at Vritra while licking her lips.

Vritra's cock instantly got hard, how could he hold back when his wife was asking in such an erotic manner?

He pulled her onto the bed and pressed her body as their skins rubbed, the warmth in the cold weather felt really nice.

Squeezing her breasts, Vritra sat between her legs and touched her vagina, making the dragoness moan.

His fingers brushed against the wet petals, as he gently pushed one of his fingers into the tightness of her cave, her folds squeezing his finger.

Pulling it inside hungrily, it seemed both of her mouths were really hungry and couldn't wait any longer.

"Looks like you are ready." Vritra muttered as he pulled out his finger that was drenched by her juices, he licked it then held his hard cock.

"Ahhh~ Hnnnggg~" Yasmine released soft moans as Vritra started to rub the head of his cock against her petals, pulling it out the moment her lips tried to bite onto it.

Her body shivered as Vritra teased her, letting the head enter only to pull away in the next instant.

"Hnnnn~ Hubby d- don't tease me, I need you~" the dragoness looked at Vritra pitifully, almost begging for his cock.

He held her thighs tightly and then slowly pushed forward as the head got swallowed by her hot fleshy walls.

THRUST

And then he gave a strong push, the entire length of his cock plunged into her body as they connected.

"Ahhhhh~ Hahhh~ So deep Mmmm~ hubby, I love i- it! Hnngggg~" Yasmine moaned as her body arched upwards, the tip of his cock reaching deep inside her.

Her walls pulsated and squeezed, pulling his cock deeper.

Vritra's fingers sank into her voluptuous thighs, as he pulled and thrust forward.

Soon the sound of flesh hitting flesh rang out, her body jiggled, boobs bouncing with each thrust.

Yasmine's moans filled the room, she just loved this feeling, even asking Vritra to use Null so they could do it longer.

Vritra sat down and pulled Yasmine over his lap, as he tightly held her ass, her body bouncing over his cock.

Yasmine bit Vritra's neck, her arms wrapped around his body, she wanted him to be covered by her marks.

The dragoness was okay with him having other wives, but she enjoyed the feeling of being his first wife.

When it came to love, their bonding and understanding were even better than Vanessa's, after all Vritra's and the succubus empress's bond had developed from a different relationship.

Yasmine just enjoyed having more of Vritra to herself, and she knew perfectly well how to make him happy.

Her hips hit over his thighs as the piston like movement of his cock continued, striking deep in her again and again.

Her boobs were completely squished and deformed between their bodies, the closeness making it even more fun.

It wasn't long before Yasmine orgasmed, as Vritra continued to poke her sensitive areas and hit deep into her womb.

Her warm juices spluttered over his body, as she hugged him tight, the penis still moving in and out.

Finally, Vritra could no longer hold on and came, as thick sticky semen shot directly into her belly.

Yasmine felt her insides stretch as her favourite drink started to make her full, the feeling of hotness filling her stomach.

But there was no way they would be finished just after one round, without even taking the cock out, they changed positions.

This time, Yasmine sat on top of Vritra, his cock buried deep into her even harder than before.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...