Chapter 629 Mutant Flood

Throwing everyone to the other side, Vritra quickly jumped away as the building continued to fall.

They landed safely on the heavy snow, but that building too started to shake violently.

"What's going on?" holding onto the wall, Vanessa asked.

"There is something underground. This can fall as well, we need to get down!"

Vritra said as he looked around and saw a few frozen corpses.

"Fiona, Yenni, heat them up." He said.

The two women didn't waste any time as flames burst out, quickly melting the snow around as over ten corpses lay in the water.

Vritra moved forward, quickly collecting the sin points before using blood manipulation.

{Sin Points: 388}

Instantly, blood flooded out of their bodies, forming a long thick rope.

Throwing it down to the other side, he shouted, "Use this and jump down, this building might fall anytime."

Shitless and Onest jumped down first. Vritra had even created handles over the rope, so they just needed to hold onto them.

Cracks formed over the building and a few screams could be heard, but there was nothing they could do.

Right after landing, they started running away, moving towards the open area.

But of course, such a big commotion was sure to attract the attention of a lot of mutants.

From under the snow, from the buildings, from the distant streets, the mutants began to pour out, running around crazily.

Some other people who had jumped out of buildings were quickly swarmed and torn to pieces.

"Fuck!" Vritra looked around, and soon he saw a ladder going up a building which was ten floors high.

"Let's go there first." He said as they changed directions. Many of the mutants had already noticed them by now.

Though the ladder was going up only to the second floor.

ROAARRRR

A deafening roar sounded as many mutants were tossed away.

Then an overgrown mouse was revealed, its fur looking sharp like blades and its limbs had grown long, increasing its agility.

Within moments, hundreds of mutants had noticed them as they swarmed in their direction.

Vritra, Yasmine, and the others kept launching attacks as they ran, but the tsunami of mutants just kept getting bigger.

They were just a hundred or so metres away from that ten floor building when it suddenly started to shake from left to right.

GRAARRRRR

And with an explosive sound, suddenly the building was pulled off the ground as the giant mutant came into view.

Because all buildings had fallen off, its path was blocked, so it just threw away an entire building.

All ten of them paused, their hearts beating wildly. Behind was the flood of mutants, and in front was that gigantic creature.

'Fucking hell, 6 months head start is too big of a cheat. What can I do? What can I do?' he looked around in distress.

"Husband, I can create a hole under the ground." Yennefer spoke. She could control the earth attribute after all.

"Alright, create it, as deep as you can. Just save some energy to cover it up later." Vritra said, then he took out the 100 litre petrol he had won earlier.

It was filled in steel drums, all of them placed close to one another. Vritra used the machete as he cut into one of them, letting the petrol flow out freely.

The gigantic zombie noticed the big crowd of mutants and then the humans. For some reason, those mad mutants weren't eating one another.

Taking a long step, it too headed in their direction, while the flood of mutants had almost caught up.

"Jump in!!" He shouted as the ten of them jumped into the hole which was only around four metres deep, but Yennefer was still working.

"Fiona, light it up! Yenni, close it!" Vritra instructed as they kept going down.

Yennefer focused as the surface began to close up. Before the hole's surface was fully shut, a fire bird flew up, going high before finally falling.

The space was covered with darkness, and they heard hundreds of footsteps from above. The wave of zombies was already on top.

For a moment, things fell silent and then…

BOOOOM!!

The ground shook as a big cloud of fire rose. Nearly all the mutants above were blasted to pieces or burned to death.

Even the gigantic mutant had its arm and shoulder blown off as it stumbled and fell back.

Inside the hole, everyone worked to keep the top from falling as Yennefer brought them further down.

Then she created a big space on the side as they stepped there, finally relaxing a bit.

And the hole was instantly covered up. Yennefer was completely exhausted, her beautiful face covered with sweat.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +59}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +53}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +74}

…

In front of Vritra, a series of messages began to pop up, surprising him greatly.

All the others noticed a warmth spreading in their bodies as well.

Their attributes were increasing quickly as well. Yennefer's energy recovered a bit.

"Yenni, are you alright?" Vritra touched her cheek before hugging her, their hearts still pounding wildly.

"Yeah… just a little tired. But is that thing dead too?" she asked. The sight of that giant mutant was quite frightening.

"I doubt it, this alone won't be enough to kill that." Vritra said, but was happy to have gotten so much from this moment of crisis.

He glanced over all the messages and yes, there was none for the giant one. That thing was still there.

{Sin Points: 16,368}

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 16.1)

(Agility: 17.9)

(Endurance: 16)

(Spiritual: 9.2)

{Free Attribute: 0}

』

Vritra too felt the warmth spread across his body, his stats increasing by a big leap.

Now only the spiritual attribute remained under 10, but an even bigger gain were the sin points.

After thinking for a moment, he spoke, "Draw 200 point lotteries with all the sin points."

BOOOM

ROAARRRRRR

Suddenly, they heard a loud roar from above the ground. The giant mutant was stomping the ground, trying to kill them.

"Yenni, can you continue?" he asked. They had to move away immediately.

Yennefer nodded, taking a deep breath before getting started. Her stat was almost at 10, so it became a little easier.

As the ethereal wheel rotated before him, messages began to pop up one by one quickly.

And before long, all 81 of the rewards came out as Vritra again felt an increase in his stats.

Aside from a large amount of supplies, he got some attribute points as well.

'2 Strength, 4 Agility, 3 Endurance, 4 Spiritual and 3 Free attributes, that's great!' he exclaimed as the points except free ones added automatically.

His agility was already over 20 and strength at 17, but for now he didn't add the free attributes.

His mind was also filled with a cool sensation. The spiritual attribute was already over 10.

But for now, he didn't really know its use.

"HUFF. We should be far away for now." Yennefer was left with a tiny bit of energy as she panted heavily.

Vritra quickly supported her as one of his arms circled around her waist.

"Thank you, Yenni." He said with a smile, giving her a bottle of water.

Now they had to go up after the giant was gone.

GRRRRRR

The ground started shaking…

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...