Chapter 244: RUNNNNNNNNN!!

Twisting his arm, Vritra grasped his brain tightly and pulled his hand back. As a brain unlike the human brain wriggled over his palm, he squeezed it while the body of the Star began to fall down. Vritra disappeared.

This wasn’t his first target. Even though this Grieve was badly injured, it was nowhere near enough to kill him. Vritra looked at the Star who was getting weaker under the effect of the Blood Lock.

Just after twenty or so minutes, his health and strength had gone down by more than forty percent. When they got too weak, killing them became a lot easier with the method of brute force that Yasmine always used against them.

All the Grieves were enraged, especially after the death of one of the Stars. They were mindlessly chasing after Vritra and attacking him — even the Pope had gone mad.

It wasn’t long before the health of the locked Star was down to less than seventy percent, and Vritra finally struck. Many of the Grieves were trying to help him by creating a glyph to fight the strange curse, but nothing was working.

"STOP HIM!! Don’t let him kill the 2nd Star—"

As Vritra appeared in front of the weak Star, the people were horrified and understood his plan. But before they could react, Vritra dragged him into the ground as well.

His dust ability was also shaping up into a deadly skill; he could already use it in so many ways. And after the next upgrade, it would become an S-ranked skill, truly deadly.

"Aaaaaaaaah S-Save meeee ughhhh Popeeeee—" the Grieve screamed before he became silent forever.

『

[You have killed a Level 2970 Grieve.]

[+EXP Earned.]

[+EXP Earned.]

...

』

’Extract!!’

Upon the death of the second Star, the Pope was finally jerked to his senses. He understood that even if Vritra was overall weaker than him, in his current state it was almost impossible to hurt him.

He looked around — Yasmine wasn’t there, so he couldn’t use her to hurt Vritra. The metallic ball and the greyish-black Soul Wraith that was just about to devour another Grieve couldn’t be killed.

So there was only one way: use Vritra’s weakness, and that was by trying to enter the inheritance. He would certainly try to stop them, and it would finally limit his agility.

"Stop attacking him and enter the inheritance." The Pope roared as he turned and rushed towards Bob and the greyish Soul Wraith.

All the Grieves stopped attacking and looked at their leader in confusion. After a moment, they understood what he wanted to do. They ignored Vritra and rushed towards the large fiery door.

’Shit, there are still too many of them.’ Vritra cursed through his teeth as he appeared in front of the door. This was such a huge disadvantage for him.

BAANNNGGGGG!!

Finally, an attack from one of the Grieves landed on his hand, almost ripping it apart as Vritra went on full defensive mode.

Once again, the battle had shifted and Vritra was barely holding on. Even with all the advantages, his overall combat power was still lacking compared to all these people.

"Keep attacking him."

Vritra and the Soul Wraith fought together, barely defending themselves as the injuries on their bodies continued to accumulate. If things continued like this, it wouldn’t be long before the Grieves claimed their victory once again.

The Pope crushed a glyph in his hand as a large hole blasted in Vritra’s shoulder. Even his skills were becoming unstable as he struggled to hold on.

’I am already at my limit and have nothing else to turn the tide. Fiona needs more time; it hasn’t even been half a day. What can I do now?’ Vritra thought. He couldn’t control Null yet, so slowing time was already far beyond his limit.

He didn’t even have the time to reactivate the Blood Lock.

With the passage of each minute, the injuries on Vritra’s body became more severe, and it wasn’t long before the Soul Wraith was defeated. As it disappeared, Vritra had to face them all once again.

With the help of glyphs, even the weakest Grieves could launch attacks of power much higher than their level. It was such a strange scene — more than three hundred of the Grieves attacked just one person, who could not even move away from the door.

More than half of Vritra’s body was now visible, and the injuries were extremely severe. Even his high healing wasn’t having much of an effect; his health was already down to less than fifty.

Vritra was panting heavily as he defended against hundreds and thousands of attacks, not giving way to let any of them take a step closer to the door — protecting his Fiona with every bit of his strength.

...

"His health is already down by more than sixty percent, just continue for a bit longer—"

FSSSSSSSSHHHHH...

CRAAACCCCCKKKKKKKKKKK!

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

All of a sudden, a dark shadow flashed into the small forest as it rushed forward at lightning speed. Cracking the barrier, it lunged inside and blasted the Pope away.

The atmosphere inside the barrier, which had already healed, suddenly became darker. An eerie pressure spread throughout as all the Grieves grew cautious.

In front of Vritra hovered the Dark Knight, holding a giant sword protectively.

CRAAACCCCCKKKKKKKKKKK!

Another sound of the barrier breaking echoed, and Hellmancer entered the barrier, its aura no less strong than the Dark Knight’s. The Hellmancer brought along such a strong pressure that a couple dozen of the Grieves were pushed down to the ground as they struggled to stay on their feet.

Floating while holding a big magic staff in its hand, the Hellmancer — Great Sorcerer — made his appearance!!

"Knight, Hell, you two are finally back!" Vritra exclaimed as he finally got a chance to take a breath. Those wretched Grieves had been bombarding him with such deadly attacks for over thirty minutes.

"Master, forgive us for being late." The Hellmancer and the Dark Knight turned and respectfully bowed towards Vritra. Their strength had truly soared. Both of them were much stronger than even the newly created Soul Wraith.

Vritra tried to use appraisal on them but failed to see their level, so he asked the expert.

"Wifey, what do you think their levels are?"

"At the 4th Legion rank!!" Yasmine exclaimed, shocked at their growth.

The rate of growth of the Soul Wraiths was much faster than any other creature in existence, and now they had gotten their hands on the broken core of the Demon Lord, where wisps of his soul were still lingering.

Their levels were much higher than what she had originally expected, but it was a great thing.

If Chimera was still alive, their level wouldn’t have been so high.

"Fourth Legion?!!" Vritra was equally baffled. These two monsters... both of them had far surpassed his expectations, they were certainly his strongest soldiers now.

The Pope was shocked to see these new entries. He could sense that their overall strength was much higher than Vritra’s, and even his own strength could not really be compared to one of them.

The Pope was still at the 3rd Legion rank, even though quite close to reaching the peak. Sensing the dreadful pressure, there was only one thing that came to his mind.

"RUNNNNNNNNNNN!!"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...