Chapter 292: A New Neighbour

"Pitiful one!! They think I am a demon, please help me..." Monk Shitless shouted.

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +47}

...

All the eyes instantly shifted to Vritra, who barely stopped himself from laughing out loud — the evil monk looked so funny. After taking his time and letting a few more sin points flow, he finally stepped forward and spoke:

"He is indeed a human, even if he might not look like one."

"And who are you exactly?" one of the guards asked, a frown on his face.

"..." Without saying a word, Vritra took out the emperor’s emblem he had received from Rich and pointed it towards the baffled guards.

"O- Oh sir, please forgive us, we will let him go immediately." The guards all became extremely respectful instantly and bowed. There was no way it was fake.

"Thwank you, pitiful one, sob..." Monk Shitless felt like crying — Vritra saved him in this foreign land after all.

"Let’s go." The two walked out of the crowd and entered the White kingdom. Vritra took out a couple of healing potions and passed them to the monk.

Shitless drank the potions, and within a few seconds, his body started to return to normal.

"I saw you falling down that cliff, how did you arrive here so fast?" Vritra asked. Somehow, this monk always survived the most dangerous situations.

"Hehe I am Monk Shitless, nothing can kill me!!" he replied.

Rolling his eyes, Vritra spoke: "You can stay in the castle if you want—"

But the monk interrupted him: "Y- You aren’t planning to turn me into Sonia again, right? That prince was crazy, even after seeing my real appearance he chased me for days."

"Uh... No, anyway can you do two simple things for me?" Vritra spoke, glancing at him.

"W- What is it now? And why have you changed your appearance again?" Shitless asked, a bit of trauma clear in his voice.

"I just want you to spread two simple news..." Vritra explained his plan, as a big grin started appearing on Monk Shitless’s face.

"Oh, great!! I will do that but I would need some money for that, and I am broke." He added, shrugging his shoulders.

"Well, money is no problem, but by tomorrow morning this news should spread as much as it could." Vritra said and gave a large amount of gold coins to him before the two went their separate ways.

...

’Sigh, I need to get as many sin points as I could before chaos starts to brew up, and my level... how do I increase it rapidly?’ Vritra wondered, but he was sure he would get to fight strong opponents soon.

"Hubby..." Yasmine called, her tone sounding a bit strange.

"Hmm? What’s wrong?" Vritra asked. He arrived near the castle in a short time.

"I can faintly sense the presence of a dragon around us, it is in the capital, I am sure of it." Yasmine replied, sensing the distant faint aura.

’A dragon?!! Is it strong, and can it sense us? By any chance, do you know who it is?’ Vritra asked, pausing for a moment before continuing.

"I am not sure if I know them or not, but that dragon certainly can’t sense us so you don’t have to worry.

And yeah, that dragon is certainly strong. We don’t have to worry too much, but just don’t use your dragon transformation for now." Yasmine warned.

’Okay, sigh, looks like the peace won’t remain for too long.’ Vritra sighed as he started climbing the stairs. It wasn’t long before he arrived near his room.

Fiona, Diana, and Vanessa didn’t seem to be in the room, but Vritra could sense them in the next room. He decided not to disturb them and just walked into his own room.

First, he took a bath with cold water and changed into a new set of clothes, deciding to buy new clothes that suited the White kingdom more later on.

Then he decided to have dinner. Walking out of the room, Vritra knocked on the door where the three ladies were. There wasn’t any sound from inside for a few minutes, and Vritra wondered what the three of them were doing.

Finally, after a few minutes, the door opened and the three ladies walked out with strange expressions on their faces.

"What’s wrong?" Vritra asked, taking a step forward.

"Uhm... We have got a new neighbour..." Vanessa spoke as she stepped to the side, and finally a woman came into his view. She was seated on a chair, sitting with a graceful aura around her.

"!!!" Vritra was startled. He took a step forward and stood in front of the three, questioning with a frown on his face: "Empress, what are you doing here?"

"Mm. Why are you acting so cautious? We met just earlier in the field, and do you think I am crazy enough to attack random people?" Yennefer spoke, looking at Vritra in a strange way.

"Why are you here?" Vritra repeated, staring at the empress.

"Why, I am here for the same reason as you. I will be staying here for a few days. You know I am searching for a demon lord who disappeared because of a certain someone, don’t mind me, I won’t hurt your family." Yennefer added.

"Honey, don’t worry, I don’t think she would harm us." Vanessa said, putting her palm over his shoulder.

Vritra turned and gestured for the three women to come closer and whispered:

"Mom, Fiona, you two might not know but she is a bit on the psycho side, I even heard she murdered a family just because they didn’t bow to her. It is better to stay away from people like that."

Yennefer pursed her lips and spoke: "I can clearly hear you, you know, and what do you mean people like me?

Don’t spread false rumors about me. There is no way I would ever kill a family over something so small... it was only one man that I killed."

They all glanced back at her and then returned to their discussion, forming a small circle: "See, I told you, she is crazy. Should we leave the castle?"

Vritra spoke. He was completely sure by now that Yennefer had some idea about his real identity.

"..." Yennefer listened to them, rolling her eyes at Vritra’s discreet talk. Even she herself wasn’t sure why she was here or why she was trying to confirm her suspicions.

"Wait, I didn’t bow to her earlier, are we on her killing list as well?" Fiona wondered.

"I am a goddess, and even if I am in front of the emperor, a goddess would never bow." Diana said, showing no fear towards the empress.

But seeing the empress, Diana suddenly felt that she needed more strength as well. She really needed to increase her level. She regretted not doing enough till now, but she was going to do her best to become strong in the future.

’How pitiful would it be to be the weakest in the group, sigh, I guess I have played around enough. Now I should seriously start leveling up.’

Diana thought. Her leveling speed was faster than any of them, so she could easily surpass the two ladies as long as she worked hard.

’Not just for Vritra but for myself as well, I want to be the best potion master in the world and the strongest goddess.’ She promised herself.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...