Chapter 369: Intense [R-18]

BANG

With a strong push, Vritra thrusted his cock inside her body, the force enough to make the wall behind her shake slightly.

But being at such a high level, Yennefer only felt pleasure as his large cock plunged deep into her pussy.

Letting out loud moans, she hugged his body, the head of his cock striking directly against her womb’s entrance, as folds clenching down hard at his length.

Outside the hall, after finally hearing another sound, they understood that the torture was still ongoing.

They could imagine just what sort of death Vritra was going to get.

The speed and force of the thrusts only increased as Vritra picked the empress’s body and pressed her against the wall.

The house was covered by a layer of energy that stopped all the sounds inside.

"Ahhhhh~ Hnnngggg~ Yess I l- love it husband hmmm~" Yennefer moaned, the friction of her insides and his cock rubbing together made her insides feel as if they were on fire.

The pleasure was just unimaginable.

Their lips connected in a passionate kiss as Vritra pushed his cock deep into her pussy, feeling her muscles tighten around it.

All the hot nectar made her inside feel even more slippery, allowing him to move faster.

Just after a dozen or so minutes, Yennefer couldn’t contain the pleasure and her insides tightened as she climaxed again.

But without pausing, Vritra continued to pound her pussy, changing the shape of her insides and hitting her cervix time and again.

After Yennefer had climaxed one more time, Vritra finally filled up her belly with his hot and thick semen, as the head of his penis pushed into her womb, shooting the sticky cum straight into her.

But even after having her belly filled once, Yennefer wasn’t satisfied.

Keeping the hard cock buried in her pussy, they started the second round.

...

Outside the hall, everyone waited in anticipation, wondering just how brutally the blind guy was being tortured.

"I mean, he did curse me, but isn’t sister-in-law getting way too angry? It’s already been three hours. How long is she going to torture him for?" Griffith wondered.

He looked to the side and thought about the punishment of the other two.

After the couple was done with their intimate time, the two lay in bed and had no intention to do anything for the moment.

They lay naked under the sheets and hugged each other’s body tightly, enjoying the aftertaste of the passionate sex.

"They are still waiting outside to see how I have killed you." The empress’s lips curled up as she scanned the area near the hall. All the people had walked out by now.

"Just tell them to get lost, I will be taking a short nap and we need to have a talk before that." Vritra said, gently caressing her rosy cheek.

Yennefer nodded and asked, "Should I let them handle those two?"

"Just order to put them in prison for now." Vritra answered vaguely.

Griffith was just wondering if he should go and knock on the door since everything had gone quiet for around ten minutes now. She should be done with her torture after all.

Just then, the oppressive voice of the empress sounded, making everyone in the crowd shiver:

"GET LOST AND PUT THE TWO IN PRISON!"

"Y- Yes, sister- I mean empress." Griffith nodded, and despite wanting to kill Shitless, he let the guards drag the two away.

’Keke At least that bastard is dead.’ he thought.

"Now tell me, what do you want to talk about? Is it about me leaving suddenly in the white kingdom?" Yennefer asked; there was something she was curious about as well.

"Yeah, I understand that because of whatever reason you hate demons and want to eradicate them all, but your level of obsessiveness towards it is just unhealthy. In the future, it might result in things that you will come to regret later on."

Vritra said in a serious tone, then he continued gently, "Really, I can understand that you want to kill them all and in this I can help you as well... very soon but killing them shouldn’t be your priority to the point you neglect even yourself."

Yennefer just nodded.

Vritra sighed and cut his lecture short, knowing that his words were going to have little effect on her.

Maybe only after something big happens and she is only left with regrets would she finally understand, and Vritra could say: Didn’t I tell you already?

"And you want to ask about that announcement, right?" he asked, changing the topic.

"Yeah, how did you get entangled with the divine? Many strong people must already be searching for you, you should just stay with me for now, it will be a little safer." Yennefer said, worried about his safety.

"Haa. Remember in the Abandoned town, by killing those creatures I obtained the Divine’s physique, and that’s why the announcement was made. I will be careful."

Vritra said with a shrug. For now, while keeping his identity hidden, he just

planned to increase his strength as much as possible.

"I see. I believe the reason behind the dragon emperor coming to visit the human emperor at this point in time might be related to you.

I have even heard many powerful entities had called meetings after that announcement. A big search for you is in place. You must never reveal yourself; even I can’t face them all." She added.

Vritra nodded; he knew that the chances of him getting captured or killed were very low unless the other side did foul play like in the case of Yasmine.

The only ones they could target were his family.

That’s why he planned to move alone for a while. Of course, that doesn’t mean he was planning to stay away from them at all times.

After talking for a while, Vritra thought of something and asked: "Do you happen to have a few empty legion stones?"

"Which rank do you want? I can even give up to the tenth Legion rank." Yennefer said; she was one of the strongest figures among the humans.

How could she not be capable of getting such resources?

"Oh! Tenth!" Vritra was pleasantly surprised; it seemed he wouldn’t have to worry about getting those stones for a while.

"Ah and I need four sets of each above the fifth legion rank and three for the fifth rank." He added, after a moment.

"I don’t think I have any currently, so you can wait for a few years." Yennefer said, feeling jealous whenever he mentioned the other women.

Vritra chuckled, pinching her cheek. She looked quite cute whenever she acted jealous.

While they were talking, Vritra received a message from his mother that quite surprised him. Through Hellmancer, he replied:

"I will be there soon."

Vanessa had even asked Fiona and Diana to go there.

The two spent a few hours together, and while being close to the empress, Vritra couldn’t sleep, so they just chatted for a while

Finally, when it had started to get dark, Vritra got out of bed and dressed up. Yennefer had somewhere she needed to go as well, so the two left together.

Vritra couldn’t use Eren’s appearance, so he took on a different appearance yet again, becoming Ben Tennyson.

Then he moved into the dimensional book and freed Shitless and Onest, leaving behind no traces.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...