Chapter 422: Test Subjects

"Let me ask you, how many of you believe in Gods?" Vritra questioned, and slowly the number of people was increasing.

All the people seated in the arena raised their hands, feeling confused about everything that was happening.

"You must all be aware that there rests a statue of the True God, a sacred statue. In the legends, it is said that just touching it once will give you a lifetime of fortune."

Vritra continued to speak as Bullo dragged Ziggy to the middle of the field.

The large bull stopped right beside Vritra, becoming meek as Vritra patted it.

"Uwaaaaaah! Stop! Stop! Oink Oink Ughh damnit stoppppp!" Ziggy’s body finally came to a stop.

"This fat pig right here dared to steal the same statue you all revere so much! Not only that, he spat on that statue and even pissed on it! What do you think should be done to him?" Vritra shouted, pointing towards the baffled Ziggy.

The poor demon pig hadn’t done any of that.

"W- What? Stole? Spat? A- And pissed? Kill that bastard!!"

"Skin him alive, throw him into fire, kill him!"

All the people instantly became enraged. The belief of people in God is a really dangerous weapon.

If a person received bread from someone, he would be thankful but might forget him soon.

But if he received a stone to pray from him, then the second person would just become the messenger of God.

"Right, right, I understand—and what we are going to do is thousands of times more cruel than what he did to our God." Vritra shouted, then he paused and continued.

"Recently, I sneaked into a Bone Blood Cult base and coincidentally found a shocking scene. Those murderers had killed thousands of families for some psychotic ritual—infants, children, old, women, men, none were spared.

They relished in the fear, the helplessness, the begging of those pitiful families. It is because of those psychos that none of you are safe now.

Because of them, our emperor had to start the curfew. What do you think should be done to them?"

"KILL! KILL! KILL! KILL!"

"BURN THEM! BURN THEM!"

Hearing each word from Vritra, the people were becoming more and more enraged, since they could easily imagine themselves in such a situation—and thinking of their families getting killed obviously made them mad.

"Good, now lastly, I came to this city and booked a room in a hotel. And there, I found a bunch of murderers who had been secretly killing families and robbing them.

Had it been someone among you, what do you think would have happened to your children, your loved ones? WHAT SHOULD BE DONE TO ALL THESE CRIMINALS?"

Vritra enjoyed the constantly rising sin points and also the satisfaction of being able to torture all these murderers. He really hated people like them—and what better way to send them off than this?

By now, over ten thousand people were present. More than half were from the Cloud City, but the rest had come from outside the city to watch this.

They too had booked hotels here, and just imagining someone murdering their families in their sleep filled all of them with endless rage.

Vritra paused for a minute. He had finally riled all the people up.

He just needed to continue shifting the audience’s feelings to receive sin points.

"Yes, and that’s what we will be doing—but not in such a simple way.

None of these people deserve an easy death, and this game will make them beg for death."

Vritra cut off the rope tying Ziggy to Bullo. Vritra knew that this bull wasn’t a normal beast—it was a creature that could grow into a myriad one.

He had fed it the meat of some powerful demons, and not only did it survive, it also got stronger.

"Let’s begin our game!" With a snap of Vritra’s finger, everything became dark, then a bright light descended only upon the large field, the seats still remaining dark.

"Let’s welcome our second batch of subjects, the Greedy Bandits!!" Several red lights descended from the sky as over fifty men suddenly appeared out of nowhere.

All of them were still holding weapons and looked ready to attack. They had been frozen inside the dimensional book with Vritra’s time field, so for them not even a second had passed.

"Look at these murderers! They look as if they are just about to commit a murder. So disgusting. Daddy V, kill them!"

"Kill them, Daddy... V!!"

Finally, those bandits came to their senses, and suddenly finding themselves in the center of this place instead of the hotel confused them all.

"Now, let’s welcome the final test subject for today—the Zombie Cultists!" As Vritra spoke, he snapped his fingers again, and this time hundreds upon hundreds of men appeared in the area out of nowhere.

There were nearly a thousand men, all in a really bloody state—flesh torn and stretched, even their bodies seemed to be rotting.

Some of them had died, but Vritra had kept most alive for this event.

"Z- Zombies? I have heard of them in stories, but zombies really exist? Bone Blood Cult is a zombie cult? They are cannibals?"

The people were filled with even more disgust. They could imagine those bloody figures devouring innocent people, the blood and flesh still covering the mouths of many.

"Now, here comes the game. It is very simple—there will be three sides. Test Subject A, the God Pisser, Fat Ziggy. Test Subject B, the Murderer Bandits.

And lastly, Test Subject C, the Zombie Cultists." Vritra began to explain the game to the enraged and overly excited crowd.

In the Quartz Continent, there exist even glyphs that people could use to talk over large distances like a mobile— and many people here had them.

They began to call others to this place, really glad that they didn’t miss it.

"Our great Bullo right here will be hunting the zombies, so Subjects C, make sure to protect yourselves.

Then these zombies will be hunting the Subjects B, the bandits. And finally, the bandits will be hunting the pig. If any of you succeed in your task, then you won’t receive punishment and will be sent into a prison.

Of course, the game won’t be that simple." Vritra said, and hearing the arrangement, people became even more excited.

In their entire lives, they had never witnessed anything like this.

{Sin Point Gained: Cheered +10,256}

{Sin Point Gained: Urged +10,005}

{Sin Point Gained: Excited +10,234}

{Sin Point Gained: Bloodthirsty +10,203}

...

Vritra wasted no time. Using the Dust ability, the interior of the arena began to change instantly.

Countless dust soldiers holding arrows and spears appeared over the walls, making the whole arena seem like a giant puzzle.

Vritra created all sorts of traps, various monsters, and a lot more. This was going to be one hell of a game for the participants and the test subjects.

"Now finally, you all must be wondering why I called you participants in this. You all are free to place your bets on the people you want to die first.

You could win lots of money, and for every bit of money spent, you will receive these mystery glyphs that you could throw in to get someone killed faster." Vritra said, then in a loud voice, he announced:

"LET’S GET THE GAME STARTED!"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...