Chapter 428: Sweet Home Alabama?

’Alright wifey, sorry I have been too busy collecting sin points right now.’

Vritra said, and with the use of Forbidden and his dimensional book, Yasmine could move around freely without anyone noticing her.

"Haa, it is fine hubby, anyway, let’s focus on this task for now. Staying here for too long might not be good, the demons are too unpredictable and dangerous.

Raelion alone might not be a threat but never underestimate the unknown." Yasmine warned.

’Hmm...’ Vritra nodded, and so Maeve led them forward, leaving behind the guards frozen and confused about what they were doing.

Yasmine transformed into her human-like form and, like Maeve, she slumped over his back, wrapping her arms around his neck and gently laying her head over his shoulder.

’Sigh, if only breaking into the dragon kingdom was as easy. After collecting sin points, I will definitely try going there too. I want her to be happy.’ Vritra thought, gently holding her hand.

Even though she didn’t say it, he was sure that she must very badly want to get her body and be happy like the other women in his family.

She always kept that happy and playful front, but Vritra knew how much she had been through.

Vritra and Maeve were walking side by side as she kept pointing at different things or people and explaining them to him.

After nearly forty minutes, she pointed towards three people and spoke, "And those three are the only generals left behind from my father’s generation, and honestly, those three might be the only ones I could trust completely here aside from Xi."

Vritra glanced and saw Thaddeus, Morvik, and Silquor.

The three of them were sitting together and discussing something right outside a barely standing house.

"Shouldn’t we go greet them then?" Vritra asked, his lips curling slightly.

"Uh... sure, that is fine." Maeve nodded, wondering what her beloved master was planning now.

Getting closer, Vritra and Maeve increased the size of the barrier that had surrounded them, and upon sensing the change, the three generals were alerted.

"Who dares— huh? Little Maeve, it is you, and oh lord, you are finally here!"

The three first looked at Maeve and then their gazes moved to Vritra. The three instantly knelt down on the ground.

"Ah, how did you already know?" Maeve asked, acting shy.

"Of course we know that, since our lord told us himself, but when did you get to know?" Silquor asked. He was happy to see the lord being so happy and close with his daughter.

’Such love...’ the three’s hearts instantly melted at the sweetness.

"Huh? What sort of question is that? Haha, we are both in love and in a very, very close relation with each other." Maeve said, a big smile spreading across her beautiful face. She looked really happy.

Thaddeus, Silquor, and Morvik: "..."

BOOM

Something in their minds exploded, and they couldn’t say anything for a couple of minutes.

’Such love...?’ Their hearts that had just melted evaporated into thin air. This scene wasn’t sweet but fiery.

"H- H- Huh? Y- You mean to say you both are in that sort of relation? Like lovers?" Morvik asked, the most chilled guy among the three couldn’t keep his composure.

"Yes, what’s wrong with you three? Do you know him by any chance?" Maeve felt confused at their strange reaction.

Judging from her reaction, the three generals concluded that Maeve was unaware that it was not just any demon but her father.

Then they looked at Vritra with questioning gazes.

"L- Lord, you know her, right?" Thaddeus questioned.

"Yes, of course, she is Maeve." Vritra said with a shrug, enjoying their intense reactions.

The three glanced at one another, mumbling, "Who is going to tell them?"

"Anyway, we have some other work to do. Wait, and don’t tell anyone that we are already here."

Vritra said as he took Maeve’s hand and walked away.

Yasmine was floating around Vritra, laughing hard at her husband’s act and the generals’ reactions. It was all too funny.

As Vritra and Maeve walked away, the three generals were left there frozen, unable to mutter a single word.

This was a problem too big. Their lord was in a relation with his own daughter—what would others say about this?

But on second thought, demons didn’t really follow any rules. Still, that was his own daughter.

The three generals were torn.

...

"Haha, before I met those three, I had lied to them that I am Voromir Zuke after absorbing his core, and those idiots believed me rather easily. After that..."

Vritra explained the whole incident to Maeve, and she finally understood.

"Huff, so those three are thinking we are...? Haha, no wonder. Anyway, let them think about this for now, we can tell them about it later." Maeve laughed upon knowing the truth too.

Finally, they arrived in front of a large building that seemed like a castle straight out of a horror movie. It was entirely black, and brownish fungus was spreading across the walls, filling the cracks.

Demons kept entering and leaving the building; there were a lot of guards.

"Where do you think Raelion must be at this time?" Vritra questioned. Before getting into a fight with him, he had to secure the life flame.

"He usually goes around to play with women, so I don’t think he would be here right now.

You know his mother has been preparing her body so that she could marry that demon lord Sloth, the fattest being alive on this entire planet." Maeve said.

This was the reason even Raelion didn’t like his mother all that much.

She had gotten so fat that she couldn’t take one step off the bed now. Aside from that slothful obsession, she had taken many other bad habits.

"Well, that’s good, let’s go, and you should just stay out of the room." Vritra said as they made their way into the dark castle.

As the two walked inside, Vritra stared in amazement at the magical things. Even the walls seemed to come to life as they kept eating bugs.

There were a lot of things he was seeing, and the castle was a lot bigger inside than it appeared. It surely was a magical thing.

And probably a gift from the Demon Lord Skumbo, Voromir Zuke’s friend, just like the entire realm.

After taking various twists and turns in the maze-like place, they finally arrived in front of a room whose door was at least three times as big as the entrance of the castle itself.

"Is this where your stepmother lives?" Vritra questioned. He hadn’t seen her, but based on the door alone, he could imagine her.

"Yeah, be careful inside. Her strength might not be very high, but she has gathered a lot of trump cards over the years, and she is disgusting, so master, be really, really careful." Maeve warned.

"Any hints about the life flame?" Vritra asked as he stepped closer to the door.

"Hmm, when you get closer to it, you will be able to sense me, although very faintly." Maeve said as she nervously stood there.

Vritra nodded, and without wasting a moment, he went into his disappearing state before stepping into the room.

Though there were various restrictions, they couldn’t stop him.

Right as he entered, Vritra was startled as two completely different sorts of sounds entered his ears.

One was the painful scream of a man, and another was a terrifying roar-like moan.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...