Chapter 627 Clearing the building

[Blood Manipulation Activated!]

Vritra focused on the weakened zombie who had noticed their group and was running towards them madly.

But suddenly it froze. It looked as if countless worms were wriggling under his skin on the head and then…

BOOM

The zombie's head exploded with a light sound, sending blood and brain matter all around.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +48}

{Sin Points: 1056}

Again, Vritra's increased by a little. If he continued like this, then his growth would easily catch up to others.

Soon, he planned to draw rewards again.

"This floor is cleared up. Only one apartment is locked and probably has survivors inside." Vritra spoke, then continued:

"There is that strong deaf zombie below and complete darkness on the floor above. We gotta clear them up.

And there could be other humans from that group here. We have to wipe them out too."

They all listened to the goals, then Diana asked, "Is there any way to sense how many mutants are there in the darkness?"

"Let's check that place out first." Vritra said as they headed up. By killing these zombies, not only his, but the stats of others had increased too.

Soon, the group paused before the pitch black corridor. Nothing was visible nor audible. It was like nothing existed ahead.

"Yenni, try lighting it up." Vritra said, while holding the machete in his hand.

"Yes, husband." Yennefer nodded, before pointing her hand forward as a strong light burst out.

But it only slightly pushed the darkness, ultimately failing to do anything.

"Tess, try to push the darkness with the 'Wall'." Vritra asked, while using blood manipulation to sense any living thing ahead.

"Mmm." Teresa nodded, forming a wall in front of them fitting the corridor perfectly, then she began to push forward.

"It works!" The darkness was getting pushed back.

Maeve quickly covered Teresa and the others in shadows, while Fiona, Diana, and the others got ready to launch attacks.

Once reaching near the middle of the corridor, Vritra gestured for them to stop. He took a step forward and entered the darkness.

Then quickly moved back.

"We will come back here later. It's still too strong."

The mutant inside could have wiped them out, but thankfully it was busy munching on something right now.

They walked down hurriedly.

"So, are we going to target that zombie first?" Yasmine asked.

"Nah, but the humans." While speaking, his gaze turned to Monk Shitless.

"W- What?" he was startled and wanted to run away.

…

Down on the fifth floor, all the members of Ron's group had gathered.

"Lad led two teams above earlier and none of them have returned. We have already lost twelve men. I think we should run away. The firebull will be here soon anyway."

One of the members said.

"Sigh. Who asked that stupid lad to go up himself? He was supposed to be the brain of the team, that pervy greedy bastard." Ron cursed, slamming his metal fist against the table.

"Yeah, we can't be careless. There might be something dangerous above. Let's get out of here while that giant mutant is away." Ron said, looking at his group.

Only around thirty two of them remained now.

BANG BANG

Suddenly someone banged on the door. All the men became alert, ready to engage in a battle.

"Check who it is." Ron ordered as he got up, moving closer to the door.

One of the men nodded and peeked out through the peephole. "B- Boss, it's a woman, and a beautiful one at that."

"Open the door, but be careful. There are mutants with all sorts of abilities." Ron warned.

As the door opened, all of them saw a beautiful woman who carried a bag and looked somewhat dishevelled.

"H- Help, my husband was killed above by a mutant. That mutant is very dangerous." She spoke while sobbing lightly.

But all the men in the room were already looking at her with lustful expressions.

The eyes of the one who had just opened the door glowed for an instant as he got hypnotized by Vanessa.

The man looked outside and then back at the woman.

"Of course, lady, we can help you, but what are you going to do for us?" he asked lustfully, then snatched away her bag.

"Let's see what you are carrying."

"N- No, that's the last of my food stock. SOB, please don't!" Sonia begged.

"Haha, water and even food, we got luck!!" He instantly took a water bottle and drank from it.

"Hey wait, what if it is poisoned-" someone warned, but the man had already drunk it.

"I am fine, there is no poison. Here, all of you can have some." He began to hand over the supplies to hesitant people.

They looked at him and waited, but even after a few minutes he was perfectly fine.

So many of them began to eat and drink happily. The supplies were really hard to find.

Ron didn't take any and questioned, "How did you survive? How do you still have food?"

"Uwaah, the zombie is here!!" Suddenly screaming, Sonia began to run away.

The members quickly looked around the corridor but found no one there and only now understood that this was a scheme all along.

They all looked at the first man. They had let their guards down because of him.

"Ughh, what just happened?" He suddenly clutched his head and looked around in confusion.

"CATCH HER! NOW!"

Ron shouted as all of them charged after Shitless.

The fastest and strongest among them was Ron, so within moments he had already caught up to her.

But right as the monk reached the stairs, a shadow wrapped around him and he disappeared.

"Where is she? Locate her!" he shouted, but right then a loud bang was heard and then the scream of a zombie.

Then the sound of hurried footsteps and moments later, the deaf zombie appeared.

"Fuck!" Ron cursed as he engaged in battle with the zombie.

Their stats were pretty evenly matched, and because of his metal body, Ron had a slight advantage.

While the other men began to support him from behind.

'Perfect!' Vritra smiled. His plan worked perfectly. He wasted no time and moved behind the group.

Most of them were already poisoned and started to weaken, their senses slowing down.

And with Diana, Vanessa, and Yasmine's support, Vritra began his attack.

While Fiona and Yennefer kept launching attacks from behind.

Onest jumped into the group to attract their attention, but no one could even touch him.

Vritra slashed with the machete, cleanly cutting off the head of one man, and went on a killing spree.

He moved like a blur among the crowd, slashing around as pieces of their bodies flew everywhere.

Messages kept popping before him, and with his wives' support, this became too easy.

One man who was not poisoned turned around to counterattack, but suddenly his eyes exploded in a bloody mess and then he was beheaded.

Before long, all of them were killed. Only Ron and the deaf zombie remained.

'W- What? All of them are dead?!!' Ron glanced back and his heart ached upon seeing all his underlings lying in a pool of blood.

He had spent so many supplies on them, and they couldn't even kill one guy.

Hatred and rage filled his heart, he was going to kill every single one of them, the women and man, all of them.

Despite being careful their whole group was wiped out just like that.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...