Chapter 162: Terrorized

Blunder’s eyes almost popped as his body twisted and blood spurted out of his nose and mouth. With a resounding crunch, Vritra pulled out Blunder’s spine. The lunatic’s body seemed to curl forward into a round shape as he let out a painful wail, but that was just the beginning.

"Aaaggghhhhhhh COUGH COUGH Ugggghhhhh"

Vritra’s body was on the verge of collapse. Two percent of the demon lord’s energy was way too much for him to handle. The Elegy Parasite was forcing his body past its limit as there was still danger around.

A terrifying amount of energy gathered in Vritra’s body, which seemed to have gone out of control. His body began to swell as if he were about to burst, but just at that moment he used Intra Shuffle and pushed all that energy towards his left hand.

Then he thrust his left hand into Blunder’s body, before cutting it off from just a bit above his wrist. Vritra disappeared from there in the next moment.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!

A part of Blunder’s torso was blasted to pieces as his body bounced away and struck the ground. Vritra had given him no time to attack, otherwise the winning side might have really changed.

Vritra appeared again; he grabbed Blunder’s body by the throat and threw him into the sky before following behind at lightning speed.

BOOOM!!

A deafening punch landed on Blunder’s body as he coughed blood and let out a loud scream while his body was thrown in a different direction, only to be struck by Vritra again. He followed Blunder’s body in the sky, punching him with full strength and within moments reducing his battle prowess by over forty percent.

The lunatic Blunder’s body was completely covered in injuries from head to toe as he was thrown all over the sky like a ball, getting thrashed around.

Vritra’s condition worsened with each passing moment, and that was what all the enemies were aiming for. They knew he wouldn’t be able to handle that much power for too long, and when he was weak, they would easily be able to kill him.

But they had underestimated his battle prowess and strategy. Almost all the top powers in the forest were in a weakened state now—be it the three demon generals or Blunder. Faceless could still fight, but upon seeing Blunder getting beaten to a pulp, he changed his mind.

Vritra might get weak at some point, but if he stayed there, then he might really end up dead. He glanced at the corpses of his men and felt deep regret. Then gritting his teeth, he wasted no time and ran with all his might.

Bringing along the five men with him—if even these men died, then he really wouldn’t be able to explain it to his superiors.

Morvik acted fast as well. He grabbed the two others who were still in bad shape and flew at full speed. They would have the chance to obtain the demonic core later, but right now their lives were more important.

If those men had actually remained, then with Vritra’s deteriorating condition, they could have really succeeded in killing him since Vritra was not capable of holding onto this form for more than ten seconds.

As the Nine Pacts and the demon generals ran away, only the members of Bone Blood Cult remained. The nine men looked at one another and then at their army of more than ten thousand men before locking their gaze on their leader—that crazy and unruly man who acted like the world was his plaything.

Right now, he was getting beaten so badly that his past victims must be rejoicing from the afterlife. Those nine men knew that they had to help their boss, but just looking at that demon made them shiver. He was too scary.

Vritra struck Blunder’s head, and his skull cracked while both of his eyes popped out. With each strike, his injuries were getting worse, and the sky was filled with the sound of explosions and those painful wails.

BOOOOM BOOOOM BOOOOOM BOOOOOM

With each strike, the nine people watching the scene shivered. They too wanted to escape, but they couldn’t just leave behind their leader. Otherwise, if that psycho survived, then they would suffer even more.

One among the nine men gathered his courage and flew at full speed to catch Vritra off guard. Gathering energy in the sword in his hand, he appeared behind Vritra just when he had punched Blunder’s throat.

Then with all the strength the Bone Blood Cult’s man had, he slashed the sword at Vritra’s back. The sword cleaved through his body and cut him in two. At first, the cultist was surprised, but then terror struck him as he suddenly sensed the world rolling around.

WHOOOSH

Only the sound of air being torn was heard as the cultist began to fall to the ground in pieces—his limbs, head, torso—all of them had been torn to pieces within moments. He had no time to dodge or block.

At this point, Vritra had reached his peak state, but also the state where he seemed about to explode. This truly was the limit of his body—even with both his hearts working overtime, he could no longer handle so much energy.

But until the danger had disappeared or Vritra had died, his body wasn’t going to stop. Like a machine, he would keep on going. His pitch black eyes scanned the area and he saw the eight men standing there and shivering.

Vritra directly shot towards them, making them jump back in fear. Finally, they couldn’t hold on any longer. All eight of them turned around and decided to save their lives first. They could apologize to their leader later on, if he survived, that is.

All eight flew in different directions. With Vritra’s current condition, he was only able to catch one. That one unlucky cultist was torn to pieces just like the first one, and his body parts fell to the ground just beside the first.

The two weren’t dead yet. Killing these people was much harder than that, but they would be immobile for a while. Their bodies would continue to heal until then.

Finally, Vritra moved towards Blunder, who was trying to escape desperately. Stretching his right hand, Vritra called back one of his axes as it flew from the ground and headed toward his direction.

Just as he caught the handle of the axe, Vritra threw it toward Blunder’s back with all his might, as it tore through the air and struck his body in the next moment.

The axe was very powerful, but it was not enough to cut through Blunder’s body. Blunder let out a painful growl as the axe got stuck in his back, the large blade embedded into his skin and flesh.

Vritra shot forward, and using the last bits of his will and power, he kicked the hammer side of the axe. His feet almost exploded from using so much energy. Finally, the axe cut through Blunder’s body and he was sliced into two as both the parts began to fall.

Blunder’s eyes were full of hatred and fear as both parts stared at Vritra, before muttering something—and then his body exploded in blood. Using the Blood Sacrifice, Blunder made his escape. He was the hardest to kill.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...