Chapter 344: Semi-Domain

Stopping beside the group of four, Vritra pulled the chair and sat down.

Placing his right arm on the table, he rested his chin on top of his arm, gazing at them with a small smile.

"Heard you were celebrating something big, mind if I join you?"

Vritra spoke, picking a glass half full of wine. He swirled it around and poured it down on Slave’s head.

"H- How can you still be alive?" Faceless finally managed to ask, while hugging Blunder, as the two stuck closer.

TIP TIP

"..." Slave was extremely angry, as the wine dripped from his head.

He glared at Vritra but held back. Before muscles, he always used his brain, and they knew nothing about this new enemy.

But Beast wasn’t as tolerant, he was instantly angered. He kicked away the table and let out a loud roar. His body increased in size as he towered over Vritra, letting out demonic energy.

"Sigh... Forget it, let’s just get it over with." Slave muttered, wiping away the wine. He stood up, and his human form began to distort.

His body grew to match Beast’s size at more than ten feet. He looked quite ugly with several tails and limbs growing randomly over his body and teeth that had absolutely no symmetry.

"Oh, no wonder you liked to stay as human, even mothers won’t love you with an appearance like that." Vritra said, throwing the empty glass away.

ROAARRRR

Slave let out a thunderous roar, enraged by Vritra’s words since his parents really did abandon him when he was young. Of course, both of them were already dead.

"You brazen human, how dare you be so vulgar in front of us!!" Slave shouted, but taking a deep breath he calmed himself, and with a loud menacing laugh he muttered:

"I heard you have your family among our captives, but do you know with just a thought I can make the bodies of all the captives explode. Wanna see it?"

"..." Vritra’s gaze narrowed at the two demons, who had suddenly started laughing out loud. He stood up and, while stretching, spoke:

"Sure, give it a try. You demons love to see others cry and beg, right? Well, I can really understand why that is the case."

A twisted smile spread across Vritra’s face.

All of a sudden the environment around them changed. All the people, even the ones pressed down, found themselves on top of an endless ocean, their feet slightly submerged in the water.

The entire sky was blood red, and a half moon, drowning into the ocean in the distance, could be seen, the air heavy with killing intent.

"!!!" The four people were completely baffled, they didn’t even know when exactly their location was shifted, and now they were inside the Book of Dimensions.

Vritra raised his right foot and took a step forward, his body blurring and flashing in front of Blunder.

"Hey Blunder, long time no see. I heard you got a little problem in your back, let me fix it for you." Vritra spoke.

He leaned forward as his smile became bigger and more demonic, scaring the shit out of the crazy psychopath.

"U- Uwaaaaaah h- Helppppp I didn’t do anything, it was t- them!!" Blunder shouted. Just the memory gave him shivers and pain across his spine.

Before even Vritra’s fingers could touch Blunder, Slave and Beast made their move, clenching their fists they shouted at the same time: "SEMI DOMAIN: RISE!!"

Instantly, the area surrounding the group was completely covered by two semi-spheres, one on top of the other.

"..." Vritra was quite intrigued by this. He halted his movements and observed the semi domain.

’Is this normal at the 5th Legion rank?’ he asked.

"Yes, I believe you might be the only anomaly who hadn’t made any progress towards your Field despite rising to such a high level. We need to work on it as soon as possible." Yasmine replied, but then added:

"Even the Semi Domain has several benefits, like they have greater control inside it, and they could also use a domain-related ability or two.

Even their strength will increase slightly, but this isn’t the full-blown domain so we don’t have anything to worry about."

The levels of the four were all at the initial levels of the 5th Legion rank, they were all below Vritra by many levels.

Blunder pushed himself back and collected his thoughts.

The courage of the two demons gave him motivation, and he knew that if he wanted to get out of this strange realm, then they would have to kill Vritra somehow.

Faceless and Blunder jumped back and held each other’s hand tightly, giving each other support while their legs shook violently.

"SEMI DOMAIN: RISE!!"

And so, Vritra and the group were now covered by four semi domains, all of them completely different from one another.

Blunder’s semi domain looked as if it was made of blood and even turned the air inside into bloody mist.

While Faceless had a strange translucent semi domain with twisted and broken faces appearing all over its surface, and spirit-like entities were floating inside.

Beast’s semi domain was just like him, just brute. It seemed as if it was made of iron as thick as one meter.

And lastly, Slave’s semi domain was invisible. It was certainly there but couldn’t be seen, though the insides were covered by countless sharp and pointy spikes that could deal heavy damage upon impact.

’Interesting, so I can create Dust Domain like that hmm...’ Vritra thought.

He had given up on Null, that skill was too complicated and dangerous. He would end up wasting too much time only to die at the end.

Vritra made up his mind to invest more time into grasping the understanding of his Field after this, but for now he focused on the battle ahead.

"What do you think his level is right now? I can’t sense any demonic energy coming from him, yet he possesses such heavy presence.

How could his level have increased so much in such a short time?" Faceless asked, ready to launch all sorts of attacks.

"He also seems to be at the 5th Legion rank, though I can’t tell what his level exactly is. Maybe he is using some skill or object to hide it.

And you mean to say he had grown to this extent within just a few months?" Beast asked in bafflement, staring at the unknown intruder.

"Yeah, just a few months ago he was summoned to this world by a goddess. When I first saw him he wasn’t even at the 1st Legion rank.

And in the Blue Kingdom he was only at the 1st Legion rank just a couple of months ago."

Faceless answered, terrified by such a fast growth rate. After reaching the 5th Legion rank, they would be stuck at the same level for years, but Vritra made it all look so easy.

"But when is he going to bring out his Semi Domain?" Slave asked, waiting for Vritra.

"Wait, don’t tell me he doesn’t possess any Semi Domain yet?!! Keke, he had grown too fast to properly grasp his Field, right?"

Slave spoke after a moment, as the four felt that victory might be easier than they had expected.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...