Chapter 355: The Inevitable, The Divine! (Final!!)

"Tsk, disgusting men—oh!" Karen suddenly paused.

"Heehee, duz dis mean my wuvvy-dovey cutie-pie finawwy wanna gib me a itty-bitty chancey-wancey, my karieeeeee- kiyaaaaaaa!!"

Diddy let out a feminine scream, his body jumping like a scared cat as soon as he saw Vritra in his Ben Tennyson form.

Vritra’s face scrunched up in disgust, looking at Diddy who was certainly living up to his name. A strong disgust rose from within.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Disgusted +1, +1, +1...}

{Sin Point Gained: Grossed Out +1, +1, +1...}

{Sin Point Gained: Repulsed +1, +1, +1...}

His defence mechanism kicked in as Vritra almost blasted the two to pieces; even the Elegy Parasite almost came to the rescue.

"D- D- Disgu- I mean, sorry." Karen turned around and fled, sensing the heavy pressure in the air. While Diddy just fainted there, a slight patch of wetness could be seen on his pant.

’Yeah, mom was right, maybe I shouldn’t go out.’ Vritra thought. When the start was this bad, then who knows how badly things could go.

Not to mention all the bad luck he just inherited by this disgusting sight.

After thinking for a while, he decided to just go high into the sky and then enter his dimensional book. That way, even if a big commotion was caused, the surrounding wouldn’t be much affected.

[Book of Dimensions Activated.]

Vritra entered the disappearing state and then flew up directly, only stopping after making sure there was no one around and he was high enough.

[Nether Eye Activated.]

Vritra scanned the surroundings just to be sure, and after confirming there wasn’t anything wrong, he relaxed and sat down inside the small realm.

It was just a vast grassland with a clear sky where a cold wind was blowing. He created this nice environment to refresh his mind and remove that disgusting memory.

"Hoo, this is better, wifey, let’s first work on regaining your levels." Vritra said and pulled out all the soul potion glass bottles, making them hover in front of him.

"Okay, I am ready." Yasmine stayed inside. The energy would be divided into three parts: one for Vritra, second for Yasmine, and third for Nihil-anima mythic halo, though the dragoness gets the most of it.

GULP GULP

Without wasting a moment, Vritra began to gulp down the soul potions. He was completely used to its taste by now.

He drank one bottle after another. The moment he swallowed the fluid, it transformed into energy and was then controlled by Yasmine.

The amount of soul potion Vritra had received was extremely large this time, so it was going to be a great help to her, and now she would be able to stay in her human form for several times longer periods.

One bottle after another, Vritra devoured the entire stock after a long time, spending at least a couple of hours just drinking nonstop.

"Hoo, I feel full and empty at the same time, so much energy, it will take me quite long to absorb it all." Vritra mumbled, touching his stomach.

Thankfully, the hunger he had felt in the abandoned realm before didn’t return even after not devouring any sin coin.

"Mmm, such a nice meal, thank you, hubby."

Yasmine said, humming in satisfaction as she came out and transformed into her beautiful human-like form and sat down on Vritra’s lap, circling her arms around his neck and resting her head over his shoulder.

"Haa, shall we get started with the evolution now?" Vritra placed his arm over her waist. Being close to her made him feel as if his good luck meter was charging up.

Although there was no warmth or real like feeling, it was still such a wholesome feeling.

"Yeah, let’s see what the physique and bloodline of the Divine would be like." Yasmine muttered. Now she could stay like this for more than an hour easily, or maybe even two.

Taking a long breath, Vritra opened the status panel and focused on the area of the evolution, reading the message carefully.

{Would you like to Evolve into the Divine’s Bloodline and Physique?}

{Yes / No}

After reading the line and seeing the two options, Vritra was just about to choose yes when Yasmine spoke: "Wait, look at the corner, I think something is written there."

The letters written were so small that even Vritra, with his Nether Eye on, had to focus for a while to be able to read. It was like the line spoken at the end of a risky investment ad that sounds like gibberish, telling about the risks.

(Note: Upon choosing to obtain the strongest physique and bloodline in existence, there will be a tiny, absolutely small, negligible change in your surroundings.

A change so small that no one would notice, it is minuscule and holds no importance. The physique and bloodline hold immense power; the microscopic change holds no value when compared to the pros.)

Vritra: "..."

He felt like he was having a Deja Vu.

After thinking for a moment, he remembered that his dragon waifu had said something like that when she shared the side effects of getting the dragon’s bloodline and physique.

This was clearly some sort of scheme, a scam, a perfect fraud.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" Yasmine shifted slightly on his lap, looking to a different side, watching the grass sway in the air.

Then clearing her throat, she added: "Cough, I can also tell that if you choose yes, then something big is going to happen so it is better to not choose it.

Your Demonic Dragon God bloodline and Physique are already very powerful and you can upgrade them in the future, so no reason to take the risk."

"..." Vritra nodded. He could think more about it and make a better decision. It’s not like the physique and bloodline were going to run anywhere.

After making up his mind, Vritra extended his right hand, his index finger pointed at the ’No’ option on the system panel.

But just the moment his finger was about to touch it, the options suddenly interchanged, and Vritra almost pressed yes.

"What the hell?!! That’s open fraud in broad daylight!!" Vritra cursed, stopped just in front of the Yes symbol.

He moved his index finger to press No, but the Yes moved along with the tip of his finger, wherever he moved.

"..." Vritra was truly speechless. What was even the point of giving a No option then?

After thinking, he decided to use all ten fingers of his hand to confuse the interface, but all of a sudden the screen was filled with dozens of Yes symbols while the No symbol was pushed to the side.

"Just what am I watching?" Yasmine was just as baffled. She wouldn’t have expected the Divine to be like this.

After a while, Vritra just gave up. There was no way to choose no. He waited, but the screen wouldn’t disappear, blocking his vision completely.

"Wifey, I think this thing is broken... what am I supposed to do now?" he mumbled. Maybe he should have just stayed in his room.

"Hmm, well now that it has come to this, then choosing yes is our only option. Maybe the change wouldn’t be too significant just like it said." Yasmine replied, not sure of her own words.

Vritra nodded, sighing: "Yeah, you are right."

Vritra nodded and made one last attempt. He suddenly pressed against the No option but just at the last moment, they swapped again.

{You have chosen Yes!}

{Beginning with acquiring the Divine’s Bloodline and Physique.}

The messages popped instantly. Vritra remained seated, wondering what sort of change was going to happen in his environment.

{You have taken the path of the Divine and have now officially become the next Divine.}

{Preparing the announcement...}

Suddenly, inside the small realm of the dimensional book, the sky was covered with clouds and the thundering sound of lightning rang out.

That was just the start of strange changes. Suddenly a heavy voice sounded, as if someone was screaming right inside his head.

"THE DIVINE HAS BEEN BORN IN THE TOPAZ CONTINENT WHITE KINGDOM, VRITRA ARCLIS, WILL BE THE ONE TO CONTINUE WITH THE DIVINE’S LEGACY.

THE DIVINE, MORE POWERFUL THAN EVER, WILL SLAUGHTER ALL GODS, SIX SEATS, FIVE MONARCHS, FOUR EMPERORS, THREE JUDGES AND THE TWO LORDS!!

THE SKY WILL BREAK, THE GROUND SWALLOWED, DIVINE COULD NEVER BE KILLED!! THE INEVITABLE, THE HONOURED, THE FEARED!!"

While the loud and heavy words sounded, even a portrait of Vritra became visible inside the small realm. It was extremely large and very clear.

The same thing that was said just now even appeared like letters in the sky beside his face that looked exactly like him.

"Oh, so the changes really weren’t too big. I guess hearing this announcement inside this realm is fine. I am getting something super powerful in return after all. And that photo looks nice." Vritra said with a nod.

After the first announcement, the voice repeated the same thing again as if to confirm that not a single word was missed.

"And who are all these people beside the Gods? They sound really dangerous—" suddenly Yasmine interrupted him, her face becoming pale even in her soul-like form.

"Wait hubby, that announcement and the image isn’t just present inside this book realm but..."

Vritra was shocked and he observed the outside and indeed, the same announcement was being said just as loudly again and again, the same image appearing across the sky.

"Oh..." he was so shocked that he didn’t know what to say.

He had just been exposed to all the dangerous powers across the universe, and the divine was shameless enough to repeat it more than twenty times, along with his HD-quality image.

Yasmine: "..."

Vritra: "YOU BITCH—"

Before he could finish, his entire body was covered by a red fluid.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... End of vol. 2!!