Chapter 456: Devil’s Puppets-2 [R-18]

Diana kissed Vritra with forced enthusiasm, sucking and clinging to his tongue and gulping his saliva.

Their lips rubbing and sliding, she let out a muffled moan as Vritra suddenly bit on her tongue.

The sensual kiss continued for a while and finally their lips parted, leaving her breathless.

’It’s fine, only I need to suffer, as long as my sister is safe I can keep going and satiate this devil’s thirst with my body.’ Diana thought, just happy that her sister didn’t know about this darkest truth of her life.

Outside the door, Fiona stared at everything that was happening inside the room, feeling angry.

But she knew if she burst into the room now, not only would she take away the last straw of sanity of her sister but even put them both into danger.

So, despite the rage, she could only watch that devil humiliate her sister, playing with her body as he pleased.

"Good job, my cute little toy. Now I have a question for you, if you answer correctly then you would be awarded but if you give the wrong answer, then something bad might happen."

Vritra spoke, moving to sit near her legs.

"There are two objects here, one this small plastic toy and the second is my cock you love so much, so tell me which of the two do you want to enter your pussy?"

He questioned, pulling her legs apart and looking at her beautiful pink vagina.

’Why does he always humiliate me, how much more is he trying to break me? Haven’t he already played with my body enough?’ she thought, but knew the only answer she could choose.

"I- I want your..." she muttered in a low voice.

"Huh? Did you say anything? Be louder and clearer, I might misunderstand it as the wrong answer otherwise." Vritra said, with a shake of his head.

"..." biting her lips and taking the sip of her humiliation as she spoke: "P- Please let your dick reshape my pussy, put it deep in me, only your cock is allowed to enter me and nothing else."

"Congrats, that’s the correct answer. Yes, only my cock is allowed to ever enter your pussy, anyway time for your reward."

Vritra tightly gripped with her thigh with one hand while held his cock with the other hand.

Then he rubbed his cock against her soft wet lips, letting her juices drench his cock as Diana tried hard not to let out any moan.

"Make sure you don’t moan like last time, there are a lot of people outside you see, and you wouldn’t want them to see you like that right?" right after saying this, he thrust forward, pushing his long hard cock into her tight vagina.

"Uuuumph~ Hnnggg~ haa haa P- Please be gentler..." Diana did her best to not let any sound out, but she couldn’t even use her hands.

Vritra paid no mind to her words and began to roughly thrust with piston like motions into her, the squelching sound ringing along with the sound of flesh hitting flesh.

Her pussy walls were stretched by his thick cock, a burning sensation spreading across her body as the unwanted pleasure devoured her.

The glans hitting deeper and deeper each time. Vritra leaned forward, as he squeezed her breasts and stuffed his mouth with one of her nipple, biting on the hard and sweet candy like nipple.

"Mmmmmphh~ Aaah- T- Too hard, nooo uuummph~ its too deep haaaa"

Diana was really afraid that people outside might hear her moans, but the cock was ravaging her vagina so hard so could barely hold her voice.

’I- I can’t let anyone see me like this...’ Diana thought, before making a decision.

"C- Can you kiss me? I need you~" she spoke despite the revulsion and humiliation.

"Haha Aren’t getting you desperate now? But since you are being a good girl now, I can fulfil your wishes." Vritra said, pulling her to sit over his lap.

Her boobs pressing against his chest as their mouths connected once again, their tongues wrapping around one another as Diana’s loud moans got muffled.

SMACK SMACK

Vritra spanked her ass, his palms hitting her soft fleshy butt, making them jiggle.

As his cock continued to hit deep into her body, while Diana desperately clung to him, afraid that if the kiss broke the people outside would be able to hear her.

’M- My sister has been through so much... just for me, even now she looks so much in pain, this devil has been tormenting her all this time.’

Fiona thought, her thighs were pressed together and unknown to her, a warm sensation was spreading in her nether region.

It wasn’t long before Diana orgasmed, her body going limp into his arms.

"Oh you already came? Tsk didn’t you promise last time that we would do it together, sigh now as a punishment, I have to fill your belly with my cum." Vritra said, sighing and shaking his head.

"N- No ahhh~ Anything but t- that Hnnnnn~" as she tried to speak, Diana let out loud moans, that made several fake people outside the building stop in surprise.

’Noooo, I can’t let him cum inside me, I don’t want to get pregnant.’ She thought, of course her real thoughts were the complete opposite.

The play was actually a lot more fun than any of them had expected.

"Get ready." Vritra muttered, her body bouncing over his cock.

With a hard thrust, Vritra’s penis directly entered her womb, as Diana let out a loud moan.

SPURT SPURT

Her body shivered as his hot semen hit the walls of her womb, filling and stretching her insides. Her body hurriedly drank all his juices even as her mind begged it to stop.

The feeling of getting filled seemed to continue forever, as so much thick sticky semen flooded her belly.

"Haa That felt good, hey now, where is your gratitude for getting filled? You are really making it seems as if I am forcing you or something." He spoke, enjoying her plaything’s suffering.

"T- Thank master for filling my hnnnn~ stomach with your s- seeds Mmmph~ I am happy to be used by you." She forced herself to speak, each word making her feel the degradation.

"Good, you are really getting better at it. Anyway, now for the punishment of getting late, let’s try something new today." Vritra suddenly turned her body around and pushed her forward.

He held her butt and raised her waist slightly, squeezing her cheeks, while looking down at her body.

"Today, I will try entering your other hole, I have been really curious about how it would feel. And all of you belong to me, so wouldn’t it be a pity to not do it?"

Vritra said, as he held his cock and pressed the tip against her butthole.

"T- That’s... ahhh~ N- No, not there hnnggg~ please I beg of you-" Diana was terrified by just the thought, letting that enormous thing into that tiny hole made her shiver.

His thing was just too big.

"Don’t worry, it won’t hurt much. Haven’t you already lubricated my penis enough, I am sure it will slide inside smoothly."

Vritra said, as he slowly began to push forward, the tip stretching the entrance.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...