Chapter 202: The Evil Monk

"Sir Shitless, can you do me a small favour?" Vritra asked, extending a hand forward like an evil and fraudulent merchant.

The semi-innocent monk took Vritra’s hand and stood up before asking curiously: "What kind of favour?"

"If you help me, you will get to see a lot of chaos and you might become the biggest factor resulting in the death of the king.

This time, you would be the one creating the ultimate chaos, and all you have to do is help me a bit—just a little. It’s really a minuscule help," Vritra said.

"Oh, I am getting really excited. Just tell me already what I have to do. I will do anything," Monk Shitless said, his smile widening just at the mention of the word chaos.

"Anything?" Vritra asked, the evil becoming more evident on his face.

"Uh... Y-Yeah, almost anything." Seeing Vritra’s smile, Monk Shitless was now a little unsure. Even though he loved chaos, it was only if others were involved in it—he didn’t want to become the victim of the same chaos.

"Good, then you just need to..." Vritra explained his plan to Shitless.

"W-W-What? That’s impossibly absurd! I can’t do that. I am a monk, no way." Monk Shitless shook his head so hard that any lingering traces of hair on his head fell off.

"You are a fallen monk, and you are Shitless the Greatest. You don’t give a shit about anything, right? Don’t you want to create chaos, put the entire kingdom in trouble, and become really famous?

Imagine walking on the streets and people shouting, ’There goes the most evil monk in the world, the harbinger of chaos,’" Vritra said, putting a hand over Shitless’s shoulder.

"..." Monk Shitless’s eyes were shining brightly as he imagined that dazzling future. He really would love to be called evil as he walked over the streets.

"Would you help me?" Vritra asked after saying a few more coaxing words, even using the Natural Hypnosis to slightly shift his thinking.

"Fine, but there won’t be any danger, right?" Monk Shitless asked, still looking a bit unsure.

"Of course there won’t be any danger. No one would even touch you, and I will send one of my strongest fighters to protect you secretly. You really have nothing to fear, and as the greatest Shitless, you should be more daring," Vritra added, with a nonchalant expression.

"Okay, I will do it, pitiful one. I believe you." Monk Shitless nodded vigorously.

"Good, good. Just believe in me." Vritra shook hands with the monk, then the two walked towards the building where Vritra had booked the suite.

He booked another room there for the monk, where he and his mad bull were staying. After locking Monk Shitless in his room, Vritra made his way to meet up with his mother and the others.

After climbing to the floor above, he knocked on the door and called out to his mother and Fiona.

Soon, hurried footsteps sounded from inside, and then the door opened. Fiona was the first to pounce on him, as she wrapped her arms around him and hugged him tightly.

Vanessa and Diana also appeared at the door. Just from seeing him, the two women somehow had the feeling that he had become incredibly strong.

"Where did you disappear off to for four days?" Fiona hugged him tightly and asked, looking really upset that she wasn’t able to feel him for so long.

"Four days?!!" Vritra asked in surprise. It should have been around a day. He didn’t stay that long inside the inheritance ground, so he asked again.

"Have I really been gone for four days?"

"Yeah, it’s almost been four days. I was starting to get really worried about you." Vanessa stepped forward. As Fiona let go, she hugged her son.

’Wifey, am I missing something? It shouldn’t be more than a day, right?’ Vritra asked in confusion.

"Yeah, we were only there for around a day... I wonder if it’s because of the inheritance ground or wait—" Both Yasmine and Vritra came to the same conclusion almost at the same time.

’It’s because of Null. Don’t tell me when I used that ability, I accidentally travelled a little forward in time,’ he thought.

"There is a high chance that is the case. I guess that’s why Yennefer wasn’t outside. With her patience level, she wouldn’t have waited more than a day outside.

You shouldn’t use that skill too often. Imagine if instead of two to three days, you travelled two or three centuries ahead," Yasmine said. This ability was definitely too strange.

GULP

Vritra really felt a slight chill. He really needed to be extremely careful with this Null ability. Imagine him accidentally disrupting the time stream and bringing chaos everywhere.

’Yeah, I will use that more cautiously from now on,’ Vritra thought, as he closed his eyes and relaxed in his mother’s soft embrace.

"Nothing happened while I was gone, right?" he asked.

"Yes, at least not around us. But the Blue Kingdom has been quite lively ever since the empress came out of that crack in space for the third time.

Strange things have been happening all over the kingdom, and I heard something like... the inheritances have been opening," Diana answered as she took a step forward, hoping to get a hug from him too.

"Anyway, I think it is time that all three of you should get stronger too. So tomorrow we will be going to another city and into the castle, after which we will hunt demons," Vritra announced.

"Huh? The castle? But wasn’t the king trying to spy on us? I thought he had ill motives towards us. Should we really be going to his home?" Vanessa asked in surprise.

"Yeah, don’t worry about that. We should be living in a better place, and getting all sorts of resources there would be much easier," he answered and wondered:

’It would be so good if I can turn these three into demons. Then they would gain level no matter what they kill. Becoming a demon doesn’t really have any sort of negative effect aside from becoming the world enemy. Hmm, I guess I can only take things slowly.’

It was still around noon, so the sun was high in the sky, and the streets were bustling with crowds.

’Oh right, I wonder if that inheritance ground has also opened. Ghoul, go and check,’ Vritra ordered in his mind as a shadow flew out from under his feet.

He had given the names Ghoul and Ghost to his two new Soul Wraiths. Their strength was top-notch, and they were worth keeping for now.

Remembering something, he checked the status of his other Soul Wraiths and found that all three of them—Dark Knight, Hellmancer, and the Chimera—had already reached the 1st legion rank, and they were still leveling up constantly.

Dark Knight, Hellmancer, Chimera, Bob, Bobby, Ghost, and Ghoul—these were the stack of his current Soul Wraiths. The rest were just food for them, even the two spies from the king.

"Mom, let’s eat. I am feeling really hungry," Vritra said. All the meat in his inventory was from low-level demons. He felt that now it was time to refill it.

The group of four soon walked down to eat together.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...