Chapter 243: Hunting

The health of the weakened Star was deteriorating way too fast now, and the Pope knew he had to do something to stop Vritra.

"How can I counter this skill? It is related to blood so if I remove all the blood from his body will it be stopped? Or do I need to—"

THOOOOM

The Pope was deep in thought when out of nowhere a hard kick connected to his jaw, almost twisting his head backward as he was blasted away.

Vritra had become too slippery and none were able to even see his afterimages. The Pope’s first priority was to save the Star, so he wasn’t attacking Vritra right now.

BOOOOOM

KRRAAASSHHHH

"Aaaaaaaaaah! Where is he? I can’t see him, how did he become so fast all of a sudden?"

"Ughhhhh! I– it is as if he already knows how we are going to attack. Can he see the future or something?"

"What is going on? What sort of trick is this now? Is this some sort of illusion? Has he awakened his true power as the Demon Lord?"

All the Grieves were baffled when they weren’t able to touch Vritra, let alone hurt or capture him, even after several minutes. He was faster, knew what was going to happen, and struck them at just the right moment.

The fight continued to rage on. Just after a little while, the health of the weakened Star had been lowered to less than 10%. He just lay on the ground and seemed to be on the verge of death.

In front of the weak Star, the Pope was standing as he desperately tried to find some way to stop that skill, but every attempt seemed fruitless. He could only watch as the life of one of his Stars was being sucked away.

"H- Huh? Where did he disappear off to suddenly? He was just here right now?"

A feeling of fear was now slowly appearing in the hearts of all the Grieves. They looked all over but couldn’t find him.

The Star was dazedly staring at the sky, hoping that the almighty Pope could save him. With each passing moment, the fear of death grew in his heart.

His heart was sinking, and he just wished that it was some other Grieve who got hit by this cursed skill.

The Pope’s heart was pounding wildly as he exhausted every effort he could to save him, but all of a sudden, two bloodied hands emerged out of the ground and clutched the weak Star’s head. Then, with a painful cry, his head was split in two as greyish blood splattered all over.

His skull was destroyed as Vritra’s fingers pierced through his flesh, turning his eyeballs and brain into minced meat. The Pope was so shocked that he couldn’t understand anything and just stared dazedly at the gruesome scene while the scream died down.

Vritra didn’t stop there. Blue energy rushed out of his hand and traveled into the Star’s body as he continued to rip him apart, tearing his body into two parts.

"Nooooooo!! Get away, you demon!!" the Pope roared in anger as he launched an attack at Vritra’s hands. He just wanted to kill Vritra right away. The Grieves only had loyalty towards one another, and all of them were like one big family.

Before the Pope’s attack could land on Vritra, he dragged the Star’s broken body into the ground as the two disappeared from sight, and soon...

『

[You have killed a Level 2967 Grieve.]

[+EXP Earned.]

[+EXP Earned.]

...

』

The Pope and the other Grieves froze upon sensing the death of one of the Stars. They couldn’t believe that the situation had escalated to this when they were clearly in the winning position.

The shift was too hard; they were suddenly being hunted by the same being they were mocking just moments ago.

’Extract!!’

Before the Grieves could even get over the shock of the death of one of their members, Vritra flashed behind another Star at such a speed that even the Pope failed to notice him.

He used a tiny bit of the Evil-Veyll God Essence to wrap around his fist and struck the Star’s back, piercing through his flesh.

[Blood Lock Activated.]

[Target Locked. Time Until Death: 43 minutes 45 seconds.]

"Ah– No, no! I don’t want to die!!" the Star was terrified; he understood immediately what Vritra had just done.

"Kill him! Don’t hold back!!" the Pope roared. The lives of the Grieves were more important than any experiment. Along with everyone, he too charged at Vritra.

Vritra made the new Grieve Soul Wraith devour the human Soul Wraith as its level rose. Instead of adding it to the fight, Vritra just made it guard the entrance of the inheritance for now.

This new Grieve Soul Wraith would soon be devouring a lot more of its brethren.

[Switch: Demonification (3%)]

Bringing his speed to the extreme, Vritra moved across the space inside the barrier as he dodged all sorts of attacks just at the right moment, and he would even have the time to launch counterattacks despite fighting so many deadly creatures at once.

Yasmine, who was observing everything silently, was just as baffled as the Grieves. She wondered what had changed in the time she was not awake, though she had a feeling this was somehow related to the Scarlet Couple inheritance—the Null.

Zrrrrrrrrrrr...

BAAANNNNNGGGGGGGGG

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOM

Countless attacks were being launched at Vritra with each passing moment—physical, elemental, energy, and much more—but they couldn’t even touch his skin.

"Fuck!! Take possession of him," the Pope ordered while desperately rushing behind Vritra. Even with his high speed, he just couldn’t get close to that demon.

One of the Stars rushed forward, and after locking onto Vritra’s position, he initiated the process of taking possession of his body. The Star’s body transformed into a grey fog as it flew towards Vritra.

And no matter what Vritra tried, it was just impossible to avoid this, so he could only let the grey fog rush into his head. The Star attacked his consciousness in the next moment, as intense pain coursed through his body.

Vritra used the remaining energy from the Evil-Veyll God Essence and sent it swirling towards the new presence in his body that was trying to destroy his soul and mind.

Vritra gritted his teeth and endured the pain of the purple energy rampaging in his body, and finally, the Star got swallowed by this energy. It instantly caused heavy injuries in his body.

Feeling fear for his life, the Star had no choice but to rush back out of his body. As the grey figure materialised in front of Vritra, everyone saw the failed attempt at taking possession, and it shocked them greatly.

Such a thing could only happen if they tried to take possession of someone who was too strong or had some way to resist it. But Vritra was truly an anomaly; he injured his own body just to throw out the Grieve.

Before the Star could come back to his senses, a hand pierced through the back of his head as the fingers came out of his face, making even his eyeballs pop out.

The Star’s mouth was opened wide, even unable to let out a scream.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...