Chapter 658 Unbearable Torment

"Too bad though, brother, you can't protect them. I don't mind helping you, let me prove it with my strength." Butcher said, trying to act tough in front of the seven women.

Vritra wanted to immediately snap his neck but he held back, Morgan was the biggest problem right now.

"Let him try first, I doubt Butcher can beat this guy." Morgan instructed, Vritra's strength was definitely very high.

He could sense it.

'His ability was related to sound? Or was it someone else's?' Vritra wondered, as he opened his eyes and focused on Butcher.

'Merge with the Blood Demon Ascension Path! Forced Merge!' he called out in his mind and in his pocket, for a moment, a blood red crystal appeared.

Strange patterns were drawn over it, and it was the size of a fist.

Right as Vritra ordered, the stone began to melt and got absorbed into his body.

The same strange pattern began to appear all over his skin, thankfully it was all hidden under the clothes.

"Brother, let's start." With a big smile, Butcher said and suddenly sneaked an attack.

Pointing his hands towards Vritra, powerful sound waves shot out, it was terrifying enough to even destroy the ground around him.

Not only would it affect him physically but it was also a mental attack, a really powerful one.

But for Vritra, it was nothing. With Evomorph and his high spiritual and endurance attributes, he wouldn't even get injured.

FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!

But clutching his head, Vritra grimaced in pain as a burning sensation spread all over his body.

It felt as if his very skin was being ripped away, as if his blood had started to boil over and harm him.

His organs were getting crushed or melted, the pattern creeping into his bones.

It felt so painful that Vritra almost felt like passing out, his face turned pale and eyes bloodshot.

"Hubby!!" Yasmine called out, almost running to his side. Their hearts ached to see Vritra suffer, they couldn't understand how this attack could hurt him.

Was he pretending? It didn't seem like it.

'What? This weak attack alone was enough to bring him down? Did I overestimate him or did he get injured in the previous fight? It didn't seem like he is pretending…' Morgan thought, staring intently at Vritra and his family's reaction.

"Hahaha, you are too weak brother, did you get help in wiping out Xander and others or use poison to weaken them? Anyway, let's just end the battle." Pausing, Butcher laughed.

He was very happy, now he could become a high ranking member in Morgan's group and get a few of those women.

It was a pity he would lose his base, but seeing Vritra's women, he was ready to give up anything.

Vritra almost fell as he experienced the excruciating pain. It was far worse than getting surgery all over his body without any anaesthetic and staying wide awake.

If not for his sheer will, he really might collapse right away.

Using the spear for support, Vritra remained standing on his feet.

Coughing lightly, he focused on Butcher.

'L- Let's do it!'

Gritting his teeth, Vritra used his boot's ability and shot forward, his speed still far worse than his peak.

But Butcher was caught off guard, as he hurriedly jumped back.

SWISH

Waving the spear in a big arc, Vritra stabilized his falling body, his movements seemed almost like a drunkard.

Fighting while experiencing such torment was way too difficult, he could barely keep his eyes open.

A shallow cut appeared over Butcher's chest, but he retaliated with a sound explosion, pushing Vritra back.

His face was as pale as white paper.

But he charged again, his superior attributes still gave him an advantage.

FAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!

Another terrifying scream came out of Butcher's throat, as he pulled knives from his back and began to stab and slash with all his might.

His movements were messy and untrained, so Vritra could still predict it all.

[Spiritual Burst!]

"Ughh" a weak spiritual burst hit Butcher, making him stumble back as the spear instantly slashed at his thigh.

Of course, Vritra wanted to waste some time.

"Tch, damnit, you look like a ghost, just die already, BROTHER!!" screaming like a madman, he rained down a barrage of attacks while hitting Vritra with all sorts of sound attacks.

A few of the attacks landed on Vritra's body, though only managing to leave some scratches.

Which healed quickly thanks to Evomorph.

But because of the forced merging, his veins kept popping, skin rupturing, so he allowed Butcher to slash exactly there.

"Die! With such strength you can't do anything, even if you can defeat me, you can't beat those seven. So just let me kill you!! I can protect your family." Butcher failed to kill Vritra despite his current state.

Vritra was covered in blood, his body trembling as he weakly held the spear.

But he still couldn't beat him, Butcher could feel Morgan's gaze on him and felt the pressure.

He had to defeat this guy or death would be his only outcome.

Butcher lunged forward, but the spear suddenly appeared before his eyes, almost popping one of them.

Leaving behind a long and deep cut on his cheek.

Although the pain was only increasing, Vritra was slowly getting used to his condition, his movements becoming unpredictable.

But before the merging finished, he had to bring his endurance to 100.

Vritra was torturing Butcher, slashing and stabbing all over his body, for the payback from last time.

'Ughhh, fuck it!!' Butcher cursed internally then turned to face Morgan and called for help meekly:

"Sir, I can defeat him but it will take too long. W- Why don't you let them join me and see if he has any ability or not."

Morgan rolled his eyes, he couldn't understand what was wrong with Vritra but because of his current condition, the player didn't see him as a threat.

'Let's see if he is even worth it or not, I need as much strength as possible for Riverdel City, that place is far too dangerous.'

After thinking, he gestured for the seven men to join.

The puppet like men who all wore thick coats nodded and walked forward, standing in a circle around the weak Vritra.

Vritra inhaled the cold air deeply, the world around him appeared blurry and red, he just wanted to sleep.

A few minutes earlier, he was resting in Vanessa's lap and now he was in a death battle.

The future really was too unpredictable.

All seven possessed various abilities, with a quick scan Vritra found them out.

Two possessed high defenses, one was a speedster, there was also an ice ability user, the remaining three all had high strength skills.

It seemed Morgan had only sent the ones with weaker abilities, but their strength was not low at all.

They were also equipped with various weapons such as axes, hammers, and knives.

After a brief moment of silence, all of them attacked Vritra at once.

The first to strike was the sound attack followed by sharp ice crystals, aimed at his head and heart.

The remaining men attacked with physical weapons, launching from all sides.

Vritra allowed the crystal to slash at his back, while swinging the spear to parry the axes, then kicking the ground he shot towards one of them.

[Spiritual Burst!]

[Spiritual Burst!]

[Spiritual Burst!]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...