Chapter 533 The Bride

'If she marries me, does it change something?' Vritra wondered, but there was no way to know.

They were hurrying it so much and acting as if as long as the marriage completed, things would be fine.

'Or maybe, like it was with wifey, we kind of form some eternal bond or something…'

He turned to Rich and asked: "Rich, where is your aunt?"

"Oh uhm, she is getting ready." He replied after a brief pause.

"I see, so I suppose the events from the previous day were because of her. Does someone want to take her away? And you hurrying the wedding, just getting married changes things?" Vritra continued with his questions.

Sir Giant listened from the side and was impressed.

'Quite observant and smart, not bad, but it would be great if he has the talent and strength to match it.' Sir Giant thought, but now he couldn't worry about that.

"…Yeah, there was some trouble but it isn't much. You will know everything after you two are married anyway." Rich said with a troubled expression. He couldn't disclose anything.

Or it might put his aunt in danger.

"…" Vritra remained silent. He knew there was no chance of getting any real answer, but from the reply, it seemed he was correct.

'What can those other people want that could be obtained by marriag—'

Vritra's thoughts were interrupted as a maid arrived in the room and informed:

"Sir, the groom will soon be called to the altar."

"Alright, you may leave." Sir Giant said. After talking a bit more, the men left, leaving the three alone.

"What's wrong, Art?" Ava asked with worry, seeing the pondering expression.

"It's nothing." He shook his head.

Outside in the enormous hall, the priest stood in white robes over the altar, holding a book in his hands.

"Art Yate, the groom will now be arriving here." The priest muttered. He was an aged man, appearing to be in his seventies.

He had lived far longer though, and was the priest in most of the biggest Ford marriages.

Among the vast number of guests, some were genuinely happy while others had ulterior motives.

Especially the three families: the Grant, the Trant, and the Star, who were all searching for a way to cause chaos.

But they couldn't do much unless an opportunity arrived.

The eyes of all the guests shifted back as three figures started walking towards the altar. It was the groom, his mother and his father, walking on either side.

"Whoa, t- that is Art Yate? He is so handsome…" The ones who hadn't seen him yesterday were the most shocked, but even the ones who had seen him were dazed.

Soon murmurs about Vritra filled the whole place, and again pity rained down on him for marrying some witch or monster.

Vritra walked casually. He could also faintly feel killing intent coming from different sides.

It was especially from the men whose wives were acting too strange, and also from the three families.

'Oh well, this feels so strange…'

Vritra ignored the murmurs and soon arrived at the altar.

Then Ava and Gunter moved towards their seats, while he climbed up.

Standing beside the priest, he gazed over the large crowd, patiently waiting for the moment of decision.

The priest continued to speak different things. Vritra ignored most of them.

He was made to put a cloth over his shoulder, hold a glass full of wine, and step onto a metallic board.

The same metallic board was present in front of him, which was probably for the bride.

"Please put a drop of your blood inside it?" the priest said, making Vritra frown. Then he questioned:

"And what will happen with this wine?"

"You both will be giving your glass to one another and drinking it." The priest explained calmly.

'Is this normal? Isn't it just like my marriage with you? Will it even be safe for her?' he wondered.

"Normal… among humans, some do it. Yeah, it might be more deep than a normal marriage it seems. And yes, it should be safe." Yasmine shrugged, unsure herself.

But he had to go through with the marriage.

"Hmm…" He nodded but waited. He was yet to completely agree to the marriage, so he waited for the bride to arrive.

"…Do it." The old priest said with a smile, urging him.

"Aren't you going to call the bride?" Vritra asked.

"She will only arrive after completing a couple more rituals, so do it." The priest replied.

Sigh…

Vritra brought the tip of his finger on top of the glass, then used Null to pull out a drop of his blood.

The colour of his blood was rather difficult to make out; it was like a mess of colours.

But using the Misty Essence, he made it appear red.

TIK

The blood drop fell into the wine and soon mixed in. The drink remained colourless.

The priest continued to instruct him about a few more things, and Vritra could only follow along.

"It is time to call the bride." The priest's loud voice reverberated.

Everyone's ears perked up. They were all quite curious to see this witch about whom they had only heard rumours.

Just how grotesque, cursed and weak could a woman be to have such a reputation and be locked by her own family.

They had heard that anyone close to her suffered through one misfortune after another.

Silently, the security around the hall tightened to the extreme.

Shen and all the others were completely focused. This moment was of utmost importance.

Soon, from the door on the right side, two figures walked out.

One was Sir Giant, the old guy, walking beside his granddaughter.

He was walking around a meter away from her, gazing at Teresa with an adoring expression while also being careful of any danger.

'So how long has it been since she stepped out?' Vritra wondered. It seemed she really was so weak that a touch might kill her.

Otherwise, Sir Giant wouldn't be acting like that.

Teresa was wearing a beautiful white dress, but it was all that was visible.

From head to toe she was completely covered. Her arms were covered by long white gloves, her face covered by a veil.

Even her eyes weren't visible.

But there were rumours that she was blind, and that too got verified soon…

"Be careful, there are stairs ahead." Sir Giant said. After a pause, the bride slowly climbed the stairs.

And finally stepped onto the altar.

'What the hell is this?' Vritra really felt like cursing out loud. What sort of marriage was this?

Didn't they tell him he would get to see her during the marriage? Absolutely nothing was visible; the dress was slightly loose so even her figure wasn't clear.

'Well at least she isn't a monster or twisted as the rumours say.' She was as tall as Yasmine and might even be older.

Her strength too was at the Lord rank, but he didn't feel that level of strength from her.

Sir Giant paused near the stair, standing there defensively for any sort of change.

"Please stand over this board, uh yeah… just two steps ahead." The priest said.

'So she is blind?' Vritra wondered. The dress was specially made to stop anyone from seeing her real appearance.

Though Vritra could easily see through, in the end he didn't.

Her dress stretched nearly a meter behind her. Despite being completely covered, she looked quite graceful.

❖❖❖