Chapter 305: An Easy Mission

Joey looked straight at Vritra and spoke: "You just need to check a few sites for any abnormal activity.

If you find anything you can just report it back to the base, and if nothing, then you are free to do as you wish for the next five days."

The old man made this mission sound quite nice, but this was certainly quite dangerous, and most probably he was shifting his own work at Vritra again.

"Are you sure a new hire like me should be completing such a big mission?" Vritra asked.

"Of course, don’t worry, we will provide a few emergency material that you could use if you encounter anything dangerous.

And don’t worry, you don’t have to be so cautious. Just go and check, if you see something then leave, as simple as that." Joey said, in a nonchalant tone.

"...Right." Vritra rolled his eyes, it was no use arguing. He would just check a site or two and then continue with his Sin point gathering.

"This here is the detailed list of the ten places you have to check, match them onto the provided map and you will easily find them." Joey added as he passed a folded paper to Vritra.

"Ah right I almost forgot, use these items in case you encounter danger, this isn’t much but will definitely help you." Joey said as he passed a storage glyph and then patted Vritra’s shoulder.

"..." Vritra held the storage glyph and scanned the content, aside from a few danger signal sending glyphs, there was food and water.

’This son a... He plans to send me onto a dangerous mission with just this?’ Vritra’s expression changed.

Seeing the developing frown on Vritra’s face, joey was afraid that he would reject this mission and then he would have to do it himself, so he hastily added: "I- if you can finish it properly then you would receive a really nice rewaarrrdddd-"

Joey knew he fucked up but he was a second too late, Vritra’s frown soon transformed into a big grin as he swung his right hand with all his strength and even activated Switch.

BOOOOOM

Joey stumbled backwards and a clear imprint of Vritra’s hand appeared on his cheek, the old man could feel slight pain in his face this time, instantly filled with anger he was about to shout but...

"SIR, HOW DARE YOU!! I expected better from you, you think I only care about these useless rewards?"

Vritra shook his head as he walked out of there before the old man could explode, it felt quite satisfying to hit him again.

Though in his excitement, he slapped a bit too hard without caring about Joey’s reputation in front of all the members.

"ptui You are a scum sir, the worst piece of shit. I can’t believe you hurt my friend right after apologizing for the same thing, what an absolute piece rotten-"

Onest spat and took advantage of the moment as he started cursing joey but seeing the expression of the old man change he hastily followed Vritra.

The two ran as fast as they could as the loud voice of the old man shook the entire building. All the other member fled as well, they didn’t want to receive the punishment in place of Vritra.

"Dude, do you have balls of steel or something? I don’t know how can you even slap that scary old man haa." Onest was truly impressed, as he gave Vritra a thumbs up.

"why don’t you try doing it too, it isn’t that hard. Just make sure you catch the old man off guard or he will beat the shit out of you." Vritra added as they flew into the sky, after chatting for a while they went their separate ways.

’Haa Looks like I won’t be to earn as many sin points tomorrow.’ Vritra thought in disappointment.

"You can if you decide to leave the Golden Moon." Yasmine said, though she knew what his answer was going to be.

’Yeah but this identity do give me a protection, at least against the kingdom and I can do as I wish here, normally they definitely wouldn’t have let a person have so much influence again after what happened with the Slave Beast Gang.’ Vritra said in his mind.

"Yeah, let’s just get over with that task tomorrow then we will start with the God of Mercy identity again." Yasmine added, but she had a feeling that something big was about to happen.

Vritra soon arrived at the castle, he ate dinner as usual with his family and then returned to his room.

He planned to look at the few places even before the sun rises so he doesn’t end up wasting too much time.

And so, after strolling around the castle they returned to the room and slept early.

***

"Ughh I sure am not an early person." Vritra grumbled as Yasmine woke him up a little before 3, after a few failed attempts she finally succeeded in waking him up.

"Don’t forget about the sweet sin points we will be missing if you keep sleeping." Yasmine said, knowing her husband quite well.

"Haa Yeah, Sin Points..." like a zombie he sat up, got off the bed after gently laying down Fiona and getting out of the embrace of the three women. He let them sleep and went into the bathroom.

...

After getting dressed, Vritra took out the list and the map, while yawning he located all the places he needed to check.

"Oh wait, I forgot to check the notifications." Vritra thought, and looked at the newest notification and indeed he was what he was waiting for.

『

[Quest completed.]

[You have obtained the map of one of the Divine’s Secret Realm.]

』

"I got it!!" Vritra exclaimed, almost waking up the three, calming himself he first walked out of the room. He decided to check the map at a safer and desolate location.

"Hah just how much I have gained in last five days, the white kingdom has been too lucky for me.

Maybe if I spin the wheel I could get a few dozens of Hybrid skills haha" Vritra laughed, letting his imagination run wild.

"Earth to Vritra chan, let’s not get our hopes to high, the least you expect the less bad you feel at the failure." Yasmine gave her wise thoughts.

"Yeah, I don’t even have any expectations, I am just planning to waste some sin points on Sin keys since I am too rich now." Vritra said acting indifferent.

The guards seemed quite sleepy, they straightened as they saw Vritra walking out of the castle. The door to Yennefer’s room opened as Vritra walked away from there.

"Where is he going this early in the morning?" she wondered.

...

After marking all the locations in the White kingdom map, Vritra flew towards his first and closest location which was in the capital.

After flying for a while, he could no longer stop himself from checking his Sin Points.

"Wifey, what do you say, should we check how many Sin points we had gathered in the past few days?"

"Yes, let’s do it." Yasmine agreed, sharing the same excitement.

Without wasting a moment, Vritra opened the status window and looked at the Sin points in anticipation.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...