Chapter 650 Sexy Apocalypto [R18]

Squeezing Yennefer's soft milky boobs, he leaned down and latched onto her soft pink nipple.

"Hahhh~" her arms wrapped around his head, as she felt his tongue and teeth moving over her tit.

His hardened member pressed against her wet pussy, the petals biting onto it.

After returning back to life, no matter how much she did it with her husband she kept wanting more.

One of her hands moved down as she gripped his member, positioning the tip at her entrance and she rubbed it against her outer labia.

Vritra bit on her nipple and thrust forward, pushing the entire length inside her in one motion.

"Annngggg~" the empress moaned lewdly, pleasure coursing through her body.

It would be so great if his other wives could also lactate like his mother.

But her breasts were still very delicious nonetheless, he suckled her nipples, taking turns on both of them.

While his cock kept drilling deeper with each thrust, squelching sound ringing out.

He sucked her nipples until they felt a bit sore and turned a little red before finally letting go of the poor buds.

Looking at her beautiful face, he leaned up as their lips connected in a passionate kiss.

Muffled moans rang out as Vritra gave one hard push and waves of hot semen flooded her insides.

The empress experienced a strong orgasm, feeling her favourite milk filling up her womb.

He stayed lodged inside her for a bit longer as the two kissed.

Then he pulled back, her vagina clenching over his cock as if to keep it buried deep.

This was just the first round, Yennefer lay back panting, faint sweat glistening over her fair creamy skin.

She rested while panting heavily, feeling satisfied but her hunger was not quenched yet.

"So Tess, are you ready?" Vritra looked at Teresa, she was still a little shy about this.

Especially, they were having sex in front of all his other wives, but she didn't reject it.

"Y-Yes, husband." Teresa stood up, her fists were clenched nervously as she approached him.

Her uniform was completely black in colour, increasing her goth baddie vibes.

Her black lips and pale skin, she really looked like a haughty goth mommy.

Vritra couldn't help but pull her into his arms and kiss those juicy and tender black lips, sucking them softly.

"Mhmm~" Teresa reciprocated the kiss, gently placing her arms over his shoulders and circling around his neck.

She really enjoyed how tender he was with her, instead of wild sex like most of his other wives, she loved gentle sex.

Being treated with care and love, Vritra made her feel far better than she could have hoped.

Leaning in, she gently bit his lip before her nervous tongue moved out, pressing and rubbing against his.

Vritra liked it when Teresa put in more effort and tried to show her eagerness, so he greatly slowed the pace.

Wrapping his arms around her waist, Vritra carried her towards the bed while kissing her.

Their tongues entangled in a soft and fun play as Vritra caught hers, biting on it and sucking her panicked tongue.

Her saliva tasted sweet, but then she relaxed and explored his mouth, rubbing and caressing all over.

He gently laid her down, continuing to kiss her for a while longer.

Then their lips parted, he left the beauty under him panting for breath.

He kissed her rosy cheek then her neck, sucking her skin and leaving his marks over her flawless skin.

His teeth sank a bit into her soft skin as she moaned under him, pulling her head back and giving him more access to her sensitive skin.

He unbuttoned her shirt, exposing more of her sexy body, it looked so milky and creamy, he wanted to bite all over her.

Teresa's breasts looked so very soft, as his palms pressed against the softness, they sank directly into the fleshy feeling.

There was a blush on her face as she averted her gaze shyly, her natural reactions making him more excited.

Vritra leaned in, continuing his kisses down her neck and pressed his face against her cleavage, her boobs pressing from both sides.

He bit her boob, pulling a mouthful of it into his mouth, pulling it.

"Ahhh~" Teresa's body shivered in his embrace, despite the shyness, she wanted more of his attention.

To make her feel better and kiss all her body, to hug her tightly and stay just like that.

He bit her breasts, leaving marks all over them before finally taking her nipple into his mouth.

With one hand he loosened her pants, sliding down her sexy thighs.

Then his hand slid down to touch her vagina, the petals already glistening with her love juices.

"My naughty Tess is already so excited?" Vritra pulled back from her nipple and looked at her with a teasing look.

Teresa covered her face, biting her lip, but trembled all over as he suddenly bit her nipple.

He caressed her petals for a bit longer but knew he couldn't keep his other wives waiting, so he sat back between her thighs.

Then pressing the tip against her entrance, he began to move forward slowly, feeling her soft folds moving onto his cock inch by inch.

"Hnnggggg~ Mmphhh~" Teresa moaned as her inside widened, matching the shape of his cock, and he kept going deeper and deeper.

At first she wasn't even sure if such a big thing could even enter her but now that he had adjusted her inside to receive him, it wasn't painful at all.

Her body perfectly remembered his size and shape, clinging to his penis as it reached way too deep into her body.

She moaned louder, unable to utter a word, but also feeling happy at being able to connect with her husband like this.

It felt incredibly good.

Vritra paused once his cock was buried in her body completely, he leaned forward, the movement making her insides twitch.

The tip pressed and rubbed against her sensitive area.

She never thought a day would come when she would be able to feel another person's touch.

And now that she had come to this planet, and her ability is locked, she didn't have to be so careful.

Even if Yasmine or anyone else touched her, it won't affect her.

Kissing her soft lips, Vritra felt her walls clenching down hard on his cock, her flesh pulsing.

As she relaxed a bit, he started pulling back before thrusting forward with a bit more force.

The two hugged each other tightly, their naked bodies pressed together as Vritra moved back and forth in a slow manner.

This sort of sex felt even more lewd, more primal, they were pressed together so tightly, almost as if they had become one.

His cock staying deep inside her, hitting her womb again and again, pushing through the inviting door.

Now that her curse was gone, she could have a child again so she wanted Vritra to impregnate her badly.

Their lips were connected as Vritra rolled a bit and the two lay sideways, facing each other.

Their arms were wrapped tightly around one another, Teresa's legs wrapped around his as he kept thrusting.

It wasn't long before Teresa orgasmed, it just felt way too good, especially this position.

Vritra didn't pause and kept thrusting.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...