Chapter 346: The Sweet Revenge

Filled with despair and immense pain, Blunder could only cry and scream, his entire body broken beyond repair.

But because of his high level, his regeneration that had slowed down greatly was still slowly healing him.

Vritra maintained the small smile on his lips and muttered:

"Haa. What a disappointment, and here I thought you were better than that. Why couldn’t you have entertained me for a bit longer? Looks like, in the face of death, even you are not as much of a psycho."

"Well, I have already wasted enough time. I can’t make my guests wait any longer, so let’s end this game right here..."

Vritra spoke, the same twisted smile on his face that Blunder had while saying the same things he did, before adding: "for now, that is."

As Blunder’s mouth healed a little, he spoke in a hissing tone: "D- Dare to ughhh cough have a f- fair fight ahhh?"

Vritra’s smile widened, he condensed a drop of his purplish blood and threw it towards Blunder.

The moment the drop of blood was absorbed into his body, Blunder’s body began to heal rapidly and in less than a minute he was almost back to his peak.

"Just watching was quite boring, we have quite a few things to settle after all," Vritra spoke.

"Huff huff You are going to regret this..." Blunder’s voice was a mix of anger and fear as he used his escape technique to make a run for his life.

His body broke into countless tiny drops of blood and spread in all directions. Getting out of the realm, he ran and ran without even caring where he was heading.

He ran for hours and days without stopping and ran until his body refused to move. Finally, while panting heavily, he stopped.

He really thought that he was going to die this time, although a new trauma seemed to have added to his already existing one but at least he got a third chance at life.

Internally he mocked Vritra for falling for such a trick, while still shivering by the degree of pain he had endured, Beast was definitely the most enthusiastic among all.

"Ughh My body still hurts so much, but I will make him regret this for sure. But how was he able to do all that? Even I was torturing myself—"

Blunder was just speaking but suddenly his body trembled as he found Vritra standing right in front of him, looking at him with a bored expression.

"Are you done?" he asked, then his body blurred and moving at extreme speed Vritra arrived to Blunder’s left.

WHOOOSH

BANG

Swinging his leg, Vritra delivered an explosive kick to his leg, as the crunching sound of bone breaking rang out.

BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG

Without giving Blunder any time, Vritra’s hands moved at full speed delivering hundreds of deadly punches each second.

Blunder could no longer tell what was happening, as pain kept shooting from each and every part of his body. His skin, bones, flesh, everything was torn by the barrage of infinite punches.

Both his eye balls flew off, teeth becoming powder, his body was thoroughly destroyed.

Even Yasmine came out to deliver a few attacks, letting out all the frustration she had felt in the abandoned realm, seeing Vritra hurt.

"S- Spare me, ahhhhh p- please I beg ughh of you, cough I am sorrryyyyy-"

In the next moment, his right hand shot forward as he plunged through the wriggling flesh of the broken man. He gripped the newly healed spine and pulled it out of his body along with the skull.

While crushing his brain and destroying his body, Vritra muttered: "Knight, devour his soul."

[You have killed a level 5200 Human.]

[You have levelled up.]

[+Exp]

[All stats have increased by 50.]

[You have gained 50 Allocation Points.]

A few messages popped in Vritra’s mind while at the same time, Dark Knight’s level rose as well by a great leap.

Then Vritra’s gaze moved towards the three remaining men, they would be great food for his soul wraiths.

Dusting off his clothes, Vritra jumped back and sat on his throne then he whistled and said: "Round 2: Begin!!"

Beast, Slave and Faceless came out of their stupor, they saw Vritra who was standing in front of them with a grin, confusing the three. Hadn’t they just beaten him nearly to death, or was it all a dream?

Once again the same process took place but this time it was Faceless who was tortured while Vritra enjoyed the whole process, giving his comments on the scope of improvement.

’Hmm Wifey, how about I let mom, Fiona and Diana kill these three, their level will increase by leaps and bounds, and in the future they won’t be so helpless.

Even if I kill all three I would at most gain one more level.’ Vritra asked, while watching Beast and Slave torture Faceless mercilessly.

The worst part was that the man was torturing himself with a sadistic grin while also crying at the same time.

"Well yeah, it could be of great help but there is a reason why big families don’t just get their infants to kill strong demons and become super powerful right from the start.

Their future growth will be slower and comprehending Field will be exponentially difficult.

Hmm all three of them are at 1st Legion rank currently so at most let them reach peak of 2nd Legion—or even 3rd Legion rank at initial levels for now.

They need to comprehend their Field at the same time." Yasmine replied, explaining in detail.

"Uhm... then what about me? Aren’t I in deep shit trouble? I am already at 5th Legion rank and haven’t comprehended the ’F’ of Field..."

Vritra muttered suddenly, feeling as if he had prepared for English when it was the exam for physics.

"Oh that’s... uh well you should be fine, you have got several cheats like your sugar mommy Mutamorphis, sugar daddy Divine, so yeah you should be fine." Yasmine said, after thinking for a moment.

Vritra: "..."

Sighing, he decided to think about his Field later. He also needed to get empty Legion stones for the three women, but he wasn’t worried about that aspect.

[You have killed a level 5240 Human.]

After the two were done torturing him, Vritra just went ahead and killed Faceless. Then it was just Beast torturing Slave.

Only when it was their turn to get tortured did they understand that they had been trapped by Vritra both physically and mentally right from the start.

Slave kept shouting and begging, as those big poles entered all holes on his body and inside the flower bloomed.

Beast was really enjoying using those torturing tools, despite it being the third time he was just as excited and enthusiastic.

"Let’s kill the third guy now." Vritra lazily got off the throne and approached the altar. The Misty Essence mythic halo was too great, even though it was ranked so low it could easily turn the tide of a war.

[You have killed a level 5190 Demon.]

Now only Beast remained and for the fourth time, the torture started. The demons and humans kept cheering the same thing from outside.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...