Chapter 683 The Fake Psycho

The three remaining men were smashed against the walls as a flood of blood struck their bodies.

The old man's body almost bent backwards from the pressure.

The blast man pulled the two and rose to the top, steadying themselves as the blood disappeared.

"Ughhhh I- I am innocent, th- they dragged me here, please spare me SOB," the old man begged, trying to look pitiful.

While secretly trying to place a curse over Vritra, the only problem was, his curses took too long to activate.

Earlier he had used it on Ming and it took so many hours to finally show effect.

"…" Vritra's gaze focused on the old man, he had clearly heard those disgusting comments while rushing inside.

This old pig was the most disgusting of them all.

Just as the old man was about to place the curse, two threads of blood rose.

SWISH

In the next instant, his arms were chopped off, then his legs.

Vritra grabbed the air, the old man's body was pulled as he grabbed his throat.

"COUGH p- please, aaaaaaaaah I- I have a family ughhh spare… s- son, please," he begged, while screaming in pain.

"Alright." Vritra raised his other hand, then stabbed a finger into the old man's eye socket.

The blood finger pierced through his eyelid and then made the eyeball explode.

He screamed even louder, as Vritra did the same to the other eye.

"You were speaking rather disgusting words earlier, repent properly in hell." Vritra ripped out his tongue, pulling the jaw away at the same time.

Then threw the barely alive old man near the lion guy, now only two remained.

The explosion man, the commander of Morgan, moved with haste.

He pointed his hands towards Vritra, as loud explosions rang out but it was the wall that exploded.

Vritra's figure faded, leaving afterimages.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM

He kept spamming his skill, almost bringing the entire cave down.

Vritra's speed had reached a level that this guy was not able to match with, he appeared behind the commander.

Although he would have very much liked to torture this guy too.

But it was nothing more than a pet of Morgan with no emotion, Vritra had already noticed this.

KCCHHH…

His arm tore through his chest, ripping out the heart with explosive strength of nearly 400 points.

Blood spurted out, and a big hole appeared in the commander's body, killing him instantly.

Now, only one man remained, the scarred man who was looking back at Vritra with a wide grin.

"Kekeke go ahead and kill me, will you? I almost ripped those bitches to pieces, aren't you going to kill me?" he laughed, still appearing crazy and fearless.

Vritra frowned, he was about to attack but felt something was amiss.

This guy had enough time to activate his skill, but why did he not try anything.

A drop of blood shot away, scratching the scarred man's arm but Vritra was surprised to feel it on his own arm.

'He can deflect the attacks back to me? How does this work though?' he pondered, mind working quickly.

It couldn't be because of his blood as he hadn't bled at all.

Not even through touching, then by some sort of scent? It couldn't be so omnipotent that it would work on anyone he wants directly.

'Is it by him seeing me?' Vritra's figure flashed away as another blood drop scratched against the scarred man's arm.

But again, the wound appeared on his body although Vritra was out of his sight.

'This isn't it, then how?'

"Hahaha can't figure it out? What a pity, you are truly powerful.

I am now going to kill you and steal your mutation progression, it is going to make me so strong hahaha then I will kill everything hidden there." He grinned madly.

Raising an arm, he stabbed his own shoulder, as blood spurted out of Vritra's shoulder.

But his expression remained the same, tentacles made of blood rushed out, enveloping around him.

"Ughhh let go bastard, fight me fair and squar- mmpphh-" he struggled but couldn't get free.

The wound on Vritra's shoulder healed quickly, while observing he noticed something strange.

"The shadows… they are moving rather strangely." Hearing his words a terrified expression flashed over the scarred man's face, before he tried to hide it.

'It really is shadow, and the best way to break the connection?' Vritra raised his right hand as a powerful flame burst out.

The ground lit up, the scarred man's shadow shivered before rushing back.

The connection was broken.

"Now, what were you saying again?" carrying the flame, Vritra walked forward and lit him up.

The crazy and arrogant look disappeared, as endless fear appeared in the scarred man's eyes. He was psycho only until he was torturing others.

Heart wrenching screams filled the cave as the scarred man got consumed by flames, but Vritra didn't let him die.

He continued to burn for some time, while at the same time a blood whip crackled over his body.

Ripping his skin, flesh and bones, even cutting into the internal organs.

"Well well, we can't leave your friends out of the fire party, now can we?" Vritra smiled evilly, walking towards the old man and lion guy.

Two blood poles appeared with a pointy tip, he held the limbless lion guy.

Then pushed his body down onto the small blood pole, as it tore through his ass and stabbed deep.

Then he did the same with the old man, their screams filling the whole place.

"Like that? Now let's get it started." Vritra put them on flames too, the three guys screaming as their bodies burned slowly.

"Heh you guys… are on fire today, enjoy your ride to hell." Vritra said as he covered them up with a blood wall.

Then the one which had covered his family disappeared, they weren't able to see or hear anything.

"We are done here, you are all okay, right?" Vritra asked with a gentle smile, looking at them.

"Yes darling, we are all fine, thank you for saving us…" Fiona hugged him, if he hadn't come just now, the outcome would have been tragic.

But even in this place, they couldn't keep up with his growing speed.

"Let's go, it is time for you all to ascend, then we will clear up few more bases here." He spoke, after checking all his wives.

"Pitiful one, where have you been?" Shitless asked, wiping the sweat off his forehead.

He really might have needed to show his true evil power today, the dark evil power hidden in his right eye since birth.

Yes, he is still a chunni.

"I killed that man but somehow ended up getting another ascension stone…" he explained things but didn't tell about the crazy woman he had met.

He wished he didn't have to meet her again, she seemed too dangerous and he was completely powerless against her.

"Even the administrator appeared sigh thankfully you are safe…" Yasmine hugged him tight.

As if the dangers of this planet weren't enough, now they have to face such things too.

"Oh right!" Teresa walked to one corner and picked a stone, it was the ascension stone that Ming pulled.

"This is quite suitable for me." She said, walking to his side then.

"Okay, let's head out then." Vritra said, as the group walked out.

He still needed to draw the rewards.

But right away, a shadow flashed before the ground and a long whip flew towards them at incredible speed.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...