Chapter 449: The Hunt Begins!!

After staying a few hours with the two ladies, Vritra kissed them goodbye and left the charm city, though the two wanted to spend more time with him.

But he promised to come meet them again very soon.

Then he met up with Maeve and Yennefer who were waiting for him not too far away, then they left the Ghazi city, their next stop being the city of Plagues.

"So why is it called that? The plague city I mean?" Vritra questioned, the ladies flying on either side of him.

"It only got that name after the Arthal Plague Rat’s wrecked havoc across the city, the plague spread and quite a lot of people had died.

Nine Pact’s branch was the first to be affected, being the closest, the temple is in shambles now.

Emperor used quite a lot of resources and warriors to get them in control.

After a long war and many sacrifices, those creatures were finally forced into a hiding, since then they had never tried to attack others.

But it is also true that no one really tries to remove them completely since the toll would be too big."

Maeve explained, being a part of the world information centre, she also had quite a lot of inside news.

"And those plague rats only grew more dangerous with time, maybe they might erupt in the future but that would still take place in like two or three centuries ahead." Yennefer added.

"Oh I see." Vritra nodded.

"Right, husband you were telling me about how you became a demon, but I accidentally interrupted you. So can you tell it to us now?"

Yennefer said, remembering the matter from the previous night.

"Okay." After a brief pause, Vritra began to explain once more:

"So after coming to this world, first I got thrown off into a labyrinth’s trap by one of my classmate..."

He decided to explain everything from the very beginning, but still didn’t tell them about Yasmine completely.

It wasn’t about trust, but he would tell it when all his women meet one another.

He also explained about Nihilanima, his Demonification and his fights with various entities.

How he became divine, and they knew the rest.

"Master, you have been through so much?"

Maeve muttered, stopping suddenly to cuddle into his arms, it made her sad that Vritra had suffered so much pain.

No wonder he has grown to this extent in such a short time, even she herself who had grown in a bad household hadn’t had such a life.

He always seems to be danger.

"Husband, no matter what, we will be together and I will do anything to protect you."

Yennefer spoke resolutely, hugging him comfortingly after Maeve.

"Oww, such cute ladies, hubby, you sure are good at picking the best girls." Yasmine spoke, her low strength always becomes a hinderance in face of danger.

’Yeah it seems so, all of my women surely are lovely. Anyway wifey, I was wondering something recently, who do you think gives us these quests? Is it god?’ he questioned.

After a short moment of embracing and comforting, the three once again continued on their journey, this time the other two were sharing their life stories.

They weren’t flying at full speed, or they would have already arrived inside the plague city.

It was better to enjoy the present, who knows what the future holds.

"Most probably, it is the gods, but we don’t really know much about all that. Such things are hidden by the gods in the name of the six truths." Yasmine replied.

’These quests and how my life always brings me at certain points like I am just going through someone’s plan, maybe the gods are watching us at every time.’ Vritra shared.

Even when he got that quest previous where he got the Divine’s secret realm map just before getting thrown into it.

Whoever is giving him quest is strong and knows what will happen in the future.

But either they are trying to protect him or they just enjoy a more struggling person in the planet.

’Even this quest feels like it might benefit me somehow, even though none of it should be related to me at all.’ Vritra said, wondering who is controlling the strings of fate of all the people.

But there was no point in thinking about it now, who knows how much secret this planet and the world might be hiding.

Are lords truly the strongest powers on the planet?

Are gods the strongest beings in existence? Who exactly was Divine?

There were so many questions, yet Vritra could only wait in suspense to find all the answers.

’And what was the point of summoning us all into this planet? There are already so many power beings, and we would need a lot of time to reach that point.

Just to kill a demon lord? Kill the demon god? Then where are the previous heroes?’ the more he thought in this direction the more confused he became.

Everything seemed to be related but it was just impossible to see those invisible strings connecting it all.

"The heroes who were summoned before you, did kill a demon lord but they disappeared soon after completely. Or the heroes before them and before them, they all had disappeared."

Yasmine said, though she might know more than Vritra about certain things but that only meant she had even more questions, and no way to find answers.

Her own life itself was a mystery, her parents deaths, that attack directly from the demon god...

The pair of husband and wife sighed at the same time, feeling a headache when thinking that everyone here just might be puppets dancing on someone’s wishes.

After flying for a while, they finally arrived inside the plague city, and arrived over the first temple.

This place seemed completely abandoned, there wasn’t a single person in the whole city.

The houses were broken and covered with vines and grass, it was a scene directly from some apocalypse.

"So this is the first temple, I guess it got broken during the fight." Vritra muttered, looking at the temple, half of which was in shambles.

The sky was dark and faint noise of the insects could be heard from around the place, it truly gave like one is playing a horror game.

"You two stay here and keep watch, I will go quickly and check things underground." Vritra said.

"...Okay." The two women nodded, reluctantly, they wanted to go along but had to follow his orders.

Vritra landed on the ground and walked into the broken temple, he could see rotten corpses who bodies were still covered with wriggling flesh.

’Oh it is still not completely dead even after so many years huh.’ Vritra looked at the corpse for a few moments before continuing.

Arriving inside the large hall, he found that there was a big hole in the ground near the front seats.

"Alright, here goes nothing."

[Book of Dimensions Activated.]

[Forbidden Activated.]

[Switch Activated.]

[Nether Eye Activated.]

[Shift Activated.]

After activating several of his skills, Vritra was completely prepared as he finally made the jump into the dark hole, prepared to face whatever unknown lies in there.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...