Chapter 695 The Bet

"My hunny bunny, did you miss me?"

Suddenly a sweet fragrance enveloped Vritra as he felt softness press against his back, then two arms wrapped around his neck.

She spoke in a low whisper, before planting a soft kiss on his neck.

Vritra who was just fighting the beasts was shocked, freezing for a moment then he realized who it was.

"Evelyn?!" While he was distracted dozens of large creatures attacked him at once.

But they were all pushed back, creating an even bigger circle around the two, just by one thought of Evelyn.

"Yes, it is me, your first wife." She spoke sweetly, getting off his body.

Vritra turned around and saw the same gorgeous face with a burning gaze and sweet smile.

"What are you doing here? Why are you even bothering me?" Vritra asked, taking a step back.

"Obviously I am here to see you, and don't say that, it makes me feel sad. But it's fine- Love!"

Just as Evelyn was speaking one of the creatures broke free, rushing into the circle as it swung its claws towards Vritra's back.

But right at the last moment, Evelyn pulled him, shielding him with her body.

BANG

The claws struck her body, piercing through as blood splashed over the surprised Vritra's face.

COUGH

She coughed, weakly raising her hand to push the beast away, blood leaking from the corner of her lips.

Evelyn looked weakly at Vritra, touching his cheek with her bloody hand, softly falling into his arms.

Vritra held her, his face emotionless as he looked at her weak, shivering form.

As she fell, he sat down, holding her.

"M- my love, I have loved you haa for a long time. Protecting y- you was my choice, I just want to hear you say you love m- me cough p- please, fulfil my l- last wish…"

She spoke in a broken voice, eyes slowly shutting down.

Vritra's expression turned grim as he nodded, if it was her last wish, he would certainly fulfil it.

He wasn't so cruel as to send off someone who just saved him in sadness.

Touching her cheek, and supporting her, he spoke gently.

"You love m- me cough, happy now?" Vritra asked, rolling his eyes.

Evelyn who was waiting to hear his love confession after so long, was speechless, he didn't have to say literally the same thing.

He rose to his feet, pulling her up, and spoke, "Now, enough with your act, don't disturb me."

"Haa my love, you used to play along before, anyway where are my welcome back kisses?"

Evelyn asked, spreading her arms.

Vritra just rolled his eyes, he took several long breaths to calm down, good breathing, then asked:

"How do you even know me? I haven't even heard your name before."

"Sigh fine, I'll tell you. You might not know it but we spent whole nine years together, it might have been a dream but it was a reality for me. Remember the love pill?" She asked.

"Oh!" Vritra suddenly remembered a pill he got from the sin wheel which he had tossed out of the planet.

He still wasn't sure why he had even thrown that pill away.

He cursed the divine internally, as expected, that bastard not only knew about it but he was the one to start it all.

"Haa wait, what you are feeling must have been the effect of the love pill, it's not real love! Maybe th- the effects of the pill will disappear or... I can try finding some antidote." He spoke.

"No! Those nine years might have been an illusion but I lived through them. And I know very well what a love pill is, I created it.

It doesn't work like that, it won't just make anyone fall for anyone. I lived with you and I fell for you, while you did for me, it was all real." Evelyn spoke seriously.

Vritra truly didn't know what to say to her now, she definitely wouldn't hear no and he can't just accept any random woman into his life.

He didn't even know how much is the truth and if she has any hidden motives.

"Don't worry, my darling. You don't have to respond or even accept my love, I can just steal it all, you, your love. All of it belongs to me..."

She muttered in a soft yet obsessive tone. Vritra was truly helpless, since when did women become so open, forward and forceful?

He was sure he couldn't defeat her, and was even worried she might hurt others in his family.

"So, what are you here for then?"

He questioned, looking cautiously at her.

Vritra didn't want Evelyn to jump on him like Yennefer did, this woman seemed even crazier.

"I'm here to meet you of course, and tell you that I need you to quickly meet my parents." She replied, smiling.

"Huh? Why would I meet your parents?" Vritra wondered if this woman had a screw loose, she was acting like he had already agreed.

Or did his choice not matter at all here?

"Of course that's to marry me, my silly love." She added.

"Sigh I have not agreed to any of that yet, also let me focus on killing these beasts now." Ignoring the beautiful blonde woman, he turned to look at the grotesque monsters.

They still seemed to be growing with the passage of time, their bodies already over fifteen feet.

"Hmm how about a small bet? If you can kill exactly 107 monsters in a minute, I will leave for now and even leave a nice gift for you." Evelyn spoke, and continued:

"And if you lose, heh you will have to play a little game with me."

"I don't agree, I don't want to bet. And from the way you spoke last time, it doesn't seem your family will approve of our relation even if I agree, right?"

Vritra asked, thinking of ways to make her disappear.

"…Yeah, it will be really difficult to make them agree, but we can do it I am sure.

Sigh they had already even found some random higher being for me, trying to get us engaged, but don't be jealous my love, I firmly rejected." Evelyn said.

Though she knew her family wasn't going to drop the matter easily and there wasn't much she could do against them.

That's why she needed Vritra to grow quickly.

She wouldn't even be able to run from her family, so unless Vritra married her officially, the only way to stop the marriage is by freezing her life force for eternity.

"And you believe I can do anything against your family? I can't even defeat you." Vritra said, he could smell the trouble brewing.

"Not… now, but very soon. I am here to support you, aren't I? Anyway as for our bet, let's start!" she said, as her serious expression changed into a playful one.

With a snap of her finger, the force disappeared, allowing those beasts to attack Vritra again.

He could only sigh, knowing he had no say even in this bet.

Maybe winning this bet could give him momentary freedom, he held the dual blades, and went on a killing frenzy.

Kill exactly 107 of these creatures.

As the sounds of battle started to ring out again, the seventeen men standing in the circle were utterly terrified.

Their minds were going out of control already, rage building inside their minds.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios