Chapter 299: Begone

{Sin Point Gained: Venerated +102,869}

{Sin Point Gained: Looked up to +102,849}

{Sin Point Gained: Exalted +103,038}

...

Waves upon waves of sin points flooded in.

Seeing the numbers, Vritra almost stumbled in the air. Just by his entrance he had earned more than five hundred thousand Sin Points.

His goal of earning vast numbers of points wasn’t too far, and as people’s faith in the God of Mercy increased...

’I wonder if one day I can earn up to one million sin points just by speaking a single word, this is so damn nice.’

Barely stopping a grin from spreading on his face, Vritra landed on the ground and looked at the arrangement Monk Shitless had made along with the guards.

Although there wasn’t any arena this time, they had spread lots of seats all around the outside of the entrance of the kingdom, so managing a lot of people there was no longer a problem.

"Haa, such an attention seeker you are, why do you always go around with such a large crowd?" Just then a familiar annoyed voice sounded, as Onest flew from the distance.

But just as he was about to land, hundreds upon hundreds of objects such as eggs, rotten fruits, slippers flew towards him while the people shouted in rage.

"Thot begone!! Get lost, don’t you dare snatch our God again."

"This beggar bastard is here again, everyone, hit his face, his face."

"Ughh, his face is so ugly, I need to wash my eyes with acid now. God, please allow us to butcher this thief bastard."

All sorts of curses rained down on Onest even before he could set his foot down on the ground.

"Haha, the people here sure love you a lot. So this is the respect you earned as a respectful thief, huh." Vritra enjoyed Onest’s situation and the Sin Points rain.

{Sin Point Gained: Protected +104,923}

{Sin Point Gained: Cared for +103,204}

{Sin Point Gained: Revered +104,826}

...

"What the hell? Make them stop, how am I going to do my duty like that? And have these people gone crazy?" Onest felt shivers hearing so many curses at once.

"..." Vritra didn’t speak for a while. When the number of sin points he was receiving started to decrease, he gestured towards Monk Shitless.

"Calm down everyone, this thief has turned to a new flower—uh, plant? Leaf? Whatever, he is a changed man and now a servant of our God of Mercy, so it is fine." Monk Shitless spoke in a loud voice.

"Ah, so he is a servant of our God now? You should have told us sooner haha." The people finally calmed down.

"Ha! As if you gave me the time to speak anything. And what servant, I am no one’s serv—"

Onest was feeling truly enraged but he suddenly paused when seeing the expressions of people change again, so he added:

"Yes yes, I am the servant of the Great God of Mercy, all hail the God!!"

Soon everyone took their seats. Vritra, just like before, sat on one side of a table where he was going to take the interviews, and now people were even more enthusiastic about becoming his servant, not just because of the money.

The three ladies sat beside Vritra though they were just watching the show for now, while Onest sat far away from them all.

And so the interviews began. Just after a few minutes, a few slaves in ragged clothes walked out from the crowd, nearly half were men, some women, and even a few kids.

The oldest man in the group, who looked to be around 50, stepped in front of the group and spoke in a hesitant voice: "G-God, can you help us?

We want to be free, sob... those monsters had already killed two of the kids. If we stay there none of us will survive."

All these slaves worked for a rich family. Two of the kids got ill and instead of treatment those poor children were worked to their death. Even to their last moments they suffered from inhumane pain.

"Hmm..." Vritra pondered for a moment then he added: "Return to that house, point at that family and decide whether you want them to die and disappear or be arrested.

In any case you would be free. Take their money so you all can have a better life."

"T-Thank you God..." all the slaves bowed before Vritra, who gestured towards a guard to bring them to the house.

"Yes, God. If they decide to forgive that criminal family then I will arrest them, and even if they disappear, it won’t be a problem." The guard understood his task. He quickly booked a few rides and took all the slaves with him.

{Sin Point Gained: Prayed to +106,052}

{Sin Point Gained: Awed +105,983}

...

Vritra watched as vast amounts of sin points flooded just because of a single sentence. After the guard and slaves left, he resumed the interviews.

This was definitely the best way to gather Sin Points. Onest didn’t want to get cursed at again by so many people, so he maintained his distance.

Meanwhile, Monk Shitless was still controlling the entire event, teaching the crowd different things.

Before long more slaves appeared. The White Kingdom was full of slaves and getting rid of slavery is an almost impossible task.

Though if someone like Yennefer tried, it might not be so hard, but she can’t interfere in the kingdom’s matters too much unless the entire kingdom is in grave danger.

It might also be because of her that demons had yet to start the war.

Vritra had sent Psyche with the previous group of slaves, this time he sent Hellmancer when they asked for his help.

More and more people started to arrive there, not for the job but to see a God performing his miracles, cheering him, and feeling happy that someone could finally stop slavery.

Within just an hour, more than five groups of slaves had asked Vritra for help and he helped them all either by repenting their owners or just killing them off.

’I wish the next few days as an agent just go by this comfortably. Anyway, I will only look at the sin points after collecting them for a few more days.

Haa, it feels so bad to not be able to use the Gacha to get more of those OP abilities.’ He thought as he rejected another person and Monk gave them 2 gold coins.

Ghost and Ghoul were tasked to keep surveillance of the surrounding area.

The two soul wraiths were flying through the outer parts of the White Kingdom where the exiled humans lived.

Then they flew into the Night Forest, their presence couldn’t be sensed.

Their duty had started the moment Vritra had arrived near the gates.

Around two and a half hours had passed when they sensed a change in the surroundings.

Both flew silently through the darkness and suddenly paused when they saw an army of demons approaching.

There were at least a few thousand demons, their levels ranging from First Legion rank to Second and even a few Third Legion ranked commanders.

Without wasting a moment they sent a mental command to Vritra and waited for his orders, while at the same time, more danger approached from another side.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...