Chapter 328: Payback

"At least the physical defence of that creature isn’t too high. If I can get the chance, I could easily cut its body apart. But how do I create that opportunity?

Even when getting stabbed, the creature didn’t even flinch." He pondered, all sorts of thoughts flashing through his mind.

Right!! Its eyes — those seemed to be the only weakness on its body that could make the creature go mad. If all those eyes pop at the same time, then how would the creature react?

"Okay, so my first target would be its eyes. Sigh, now how do I pop them and what after it?" The more answers Vritra found, the more questions emerged.

After thinking for more than twenty or so minutes, he finally formulated a plan in his mind, but for that he needed to collect several things.

After his condition had become a little better, Vritra came out of the dimensional book and, with his Nether Eye, observed the surrounding area.

’That thing isn’t around. Now let’s prepare for the final showdown.’ He thought and began to search through the surroundings for several things.

He moved at his fastest speed while going through the blinding forest.

After an hour of searching and collecting material, Vritra, who was seated on top of a tree, paused.

’There... is another abomination here.’ A wry smile appeared on his face. He wondered how many of these creatures there were.

While avoiding the danger with his Nether Eye, he continued to efficiently collect the material.

Thankfully, the RipMaw had no way of sensing his Nether Eye.

He even set up various traps but was confused whether the abomination would return to its original form or would still be in that fast and dangerous form.

Pausing the setup in the middle, Vritra searched for that abomination.

Finding them was rather easy because of their loud screeches.

The knife was still embedded in the body of the abomination, and it had reverted back to its giant form. It was a good thing.

Vritra returned to his selected position and continued with his setup. It took him a few hours to finish everything, and finally he was done.

’Now let’s drag that damned thing here and see if I can tear it apart with just one arm.’ Vritra thought as he ran in the direction of the abomination, determined to kill it at any cost.

He moved a little deeper into the forest. In just a short time, he had seen more than four abominations. The idea of getting out of this place seemed more difficult by the second.

After going around the forest, Vritra soon found his target as it was ripping the wolf-like beasts’ bodies to pieces and devouring them.

Vritra pulled a heavy object from the book and aimed it at the head of the creature, where the eyes were located, and then, pouring all his strength, he threw it at the RipMaw, disturbing its meal.

BANNGGG!!

The move was so sudden that the abomination noticed a second too late. The stone smashed into its head, hitting several of its eyes.

URRIIIEEEEEKKKKKK

’Hah, a different type of noise this time. I like this sound.’ Vritra reveled at hearing that painful cry. A couple of its eyes were squished by the stone.

The creature seemed to go mad as it suddenly rose to its feet and let out a thundering scream. Vritra let out a laugh and spoke: "Yo Bug, did you like my return gift?"

The sound of bone cracking and teeth grinding rang out as the creature rushed towards Vritra in rage, planning to devour him directly.

Vritra took a deep breath as he turned and rushed forward at full speed, but even with Shift he was not even half as fast as the creature.

’Forbid: Short legs move faster than the larger.’ Vritra said and made it so that this skill would affect him too.

[Forbidden activated.]

Instantly his speed increased. Although matching the abomination was difficult, it was just perfect for his plan.

The RipMaw was breaking apart all the trees in its way, letting out such a twisted voice that could scare anyone.

It even sent lots of insects flying in Vritra’s direction, but he just stored them away in his dimensional book.

Vritra had learned its attack patterns.

The only problem now was those screams that were very strong mental attacks.

But he just endured the pain in his head and soon arrived at his destination.

Jumping down from the tree, Vritra paused exactly a couple of meters away from a big cross mark he had drawn on the ground.

"Now come here, ugly bug. I have a surprise planned for you." Vritra said as he raised his right hand and held a rope that was hanging down a tree.

KRAAAAAAAARRRRRRR

The deafening roar made Vritra wince in pain, making him feel dizzy. But just as the abomination was about to land on the mark, he pulled down the rope with all his strength.

THUMP

RipMaw landed exactly over the mark as it raised its long front limbs to tear apart Vritra’s body, but the ground under its feet suddenly crumbled as half of its body got buried in the land.

Before the creature could react, a strange liquid with a very foul smell rained down upon its head and body, creating a greenish fog.

Vritra had poured all sorts of things in this liquid — poisons of dozens of snakes, acidic liquid from the plants, poison from herbs and whatnot, turning it into a deadly acidic poison.

URRIIEEEEEEKKKKKK

The same painful scream rang out again, but that was nowhere near the end. As the acidic fluid covered the creature’s eyes, most of them burned and burst.

Suddenly, round creatures with long sharp spikes covering their bodies like sea urchins or hedgehogs, but more deadly, rained from the top as Vritra pulled another rope.

Several of those creatures hit exactly at the head of the abomination, plunging their spikes deep into the eyes and getting locked there. Finally, the RipMaw seemed to have gone mad as it began to thrash all over the place.

It made the ground explode and broke the nearby trees to bits and pieces, letting out painful wails.

Vritra enjoyed the loud music as he pulled yet another rope and charged towards the abomination while entering his disappearing state.

"Forbid: All teeth are soft."

[Forbidden activated.]

The creature stood over its hind legs and raised its hands high, letting out painful screams towards the sky. Just then, a heavy wooden log came crashing down from behind.

The angle was slightly off, but it struck the side of its head, making the large creature stumble forward in pain.

Right at that moment, Vritra jumped at the back of the creature. Normally those sharp long teeth that were present all over the abomination’s body would have torn his body, but now they had turned quite soft.

[Shift Activated.]

[Agility + Endurance]

Taking out a knife from the book, Vritra plunged it into the creature’s hind leg, pushing as deep as he could and tearing apart the leg, making the creature fall backwards.

GRRRAAAAAAAHHHH!!

Vritra moved with haste as he jumped over the chest of the abomination.

The body of the RipMaw began to twist. It seemed to be going through another transformation, which would increase the danger exponentially.

"Huff Fuck-"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...