Chapter 269: I don’t even want to cheat...

"Darling, can you get that for me?" Fiona couldn’t let the other two look down on them, she gave off a mocking look to the other couple.

"Uh... sure." Vritra couldn’t deny it now that Fiona had said it out aloud, but he had never really used a bow and arrow before, so he was afraid that he might end up messing it.

Though he had clearly observed how the glasses guy used the bow, but using it for the first time, he could end up making mistakes.

’Sigh, oh well guess we don’t have any choice now.’ Shaking his head, Vritra paid the money and got five chances. Then he picked the bow and an arrow, and held them while imitating the other guy.

"Haha, don’t tell me this is your first time ever using a bow?" the man in glasses laughed, trying to act superior in front of Fiona.

"Sir, what is your level?" the shopkeeper asked, he loved such competition, after all, he would end up earning more.

"I am close to the middle of the 2nd Legion rank," Vritra said, and the smiles on the couple’s faces immediately froze, they didn’t think Vritra could be so strong.

"Don’t tell me you are lying—" Jaggy spoke with a scornful look, but just after sensing a little of Vritra’s aura, his body shook and he felt like running away.

The couple now regretted getting into a fight with such a dangerous entity, Vritra could kill them in an instant after all and not even the king would do anything.

Not even the king has reached the 2nd Legion rank yet after all. They really wanted to just run away, what if Vritra actually fails and gets humiliated in front of his girl, won’t he just come to find them in darkness and make the two disappear.

’Ughh, I got ahead of myself and forgot to ask darling if he could even do it.’ Fiona cursed herself for losing her mind just because of slight provocation, but she just couldn’t accept anyone who tries to insult Vritra.

Even the shopkeeper straightened up, he became a lot more careful with his words: "Oh respected sir, forgive me for my rudeness. I welcome you to this small shop of mine, I can’t take money from you, please just take as many tries as you need."

"No, it’s fine, keep the money," Vritra said, and despite the shopkeeper’s pleading, he didn’t take it back.

"The target in my shop can’t move at a speed that could be a challenge for you, although no one that strong has ever visited my shop, but I will add lots of fake targets to make it a little challenging for you," the shopkeeper said, but he didn’t actually plan to make it more difficult, what if Vritra just destroyed his shop in anger.

Vritra nodded, by now along with Fiona, all four of the people were feeling quite nervous. After hearing Vritra’s level, more and more people started to gather to watch the show.

As the number of people increased, the couple got more and more frightened, their clothes were already drenched in sweat and now they couldn’t even slip out of the crowd.

"S- Sir, haha please don’t take my words to heart, I was merely joking. You don’t need to prove anything, I- I was just—" the glasses guy tried to get out of the danger, the girl with him was even more afraid.

But Vritra interrupted him: "No, it is fine. But since I have never used a bow before, the first time would be a trial."

He couldn’t get out now that Fiona had said it, and with his capability, Vritra was sure he could hit the target after a few tries.

"..." A crowd of nearly fifty people had gathered around them and all of them watched in silence, whether Vritra wins or loses, they were all sure that the other couple was now in deep trouble.

They had provoked someone way too strong.

’Damn it, I had just come back to the kingdom after a long holiday with this girl, and right away I got in such trouble. It is all this bitch’s fault.’ Jaggy thought, and felt like crying.

Almost all the guards knew about Vritra, Henry had personally warned every person to not ever offend Vritra.

Taking a deep breath, Vritra readied himself to shoot while trying his best to take aim at the target. After adjusting the arrow, he pulled back the string and focused on the moving target.

The size of the target was half that of a palm, and it was moving around rapidly. Vritra focused on the red target, ignoring dozens of the black ones, and finally, he released the string.

BANNGGG!

The arrow shot with a loud explosive sound that startled everyone, it hit a few inches above the target and tore through the wall and then flew into the sky, even the bow in Vritra’s hand was broken.

’Oh, I used a bit too much strength...’ Vritra thought. All the people looked at the big hole in the wall and the broken bow, they were truly frightened, especially the couple.

They felt that Vritra was just trying to scare them. But Vritra’s mind was on something else...

[Mutamorphis: Analysing Body Conditions...]

[Analysing the environment...]

[Analysing Threat Levels and nearby lifeforms...]

[Triggering Automatic Morphological Adaptation...]

[...]

[Adaptation in Progress.]

[...]

[You have acquired the passive skill Archery Mastery.]

...

’Haa, I seriously didn’t want to cheat.’ Vritra thought, he could feel new knowledge appearing in his mind, when he looked at the target again, quite a bit of information instantly popped up.

A lot of information about archery had entered his mind through this skill.

"Can you give me another bow please, I will pay for this, I accidentally used a little too much force," Vritra said as he put away the broken metallic bow.

"Y- Y- Yes sir, I will get you another one immediately, and of course you don’t have to pay for it, it was getting very old so it is not your fault that it broke," the shopkeeper said as he hurriedly brought out another bow.

"D- Do you need more trial shots?" he asked again, while hiding in the corner.

"No, I am ready now," Vritra said and held the bow and picked the arrow. This time his stance was perfect, all the people with even the slightest knowledge of archery were shocked, they were sure he was just pretending earlier.

"Darling, should we just leave?" Fiona asked, feeling guilty for putting Vritra on the spot, but Vritra smiled and replied:

"No, and thank you, just enjoy the show." More and more people were gathering around, he was getting quite a bit of sin points and even got a new skill so it was a win-win situation for him.

And the Archery Mastery was activated instantly.

After getting into position, Vritra didn’t even have to try all that much, after locking onto the red target he lazily let go of the string.

TUK!

This time the red target was pinned to the wooden board behind it, the force and aim were so perfect that it left everyone speechless, the arrow had pierced exactly at the centre of the oval target.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...