Chapter 539 Falling


The altar was already on the verge of explosion, as hundreds of figures among the guests suddenly took out glyphs and broke them.
They were already prepared for various scenarios, such as someone locking up the space, so they opened a rift.
Which would be dangerous but give them a chance to escape.
The energy from the hundreds of glyphs suddenly converged, and a rift started taking shape in the middle of the hall.
A person suddenly arrived beside the cage in which Teresa was trapped, ready to take the cage itself away.
Vritra, with his arms folded over his chest, shook his head. These fools, they would actually dare to steal what was his.
Not in a hurry, he looked at the person who was brave enough to try to grab the cage.
Vritra didn't recognise him, his strength being lower than a lord but should be around the 18th Legion, a whole lot stronger than a general.
Teresa, being at the lord rank, could clearly sense the changes around her.
But she was afraid of hurting others, and with her hands clasped together, she just stood there silently.
It wasn't the first time someone had tried to abduct her after all, and it was always her brother or grandfather who had saved her.
She was even more afraid of anyone's touch, it brought nightmares, pain, dangers; she could see all the sufferings the other person had gone through or would go through.
When she was younger, a maid found out about her secret and touched her.
Each of her kids she gave birth to died right after birth because of unknown reasons, but having gotten her ill fate stolen, she finally gave birth to a healthy son.
Though Sir Giant found out too late about it and gave the maid a death sentence, the damage was irreversible.
It had only been a few times, but Teresa had taken a few bad fates, making other people's lives better.
Standing silently in the cage, she was frightened but just needed to wait, only hoping that no one would even accidentally touch her.
'One… Two… Three…' she counted in her mind, both her grandfather and brother had promised that whenever she was in trouble, they would come protect her before she finished counting to ten.
But this time, before she even got to four, she noticed her husband move at a speed that she couldn't follow.
His left hand shot towards the man from the Twilight, grabbing his neck, and Vritra threw him away.
It all happened so fast that he didn't even notice it and landed near the area where the two monarchs had just burned to death.
Fiona's lips curled up slightly, she got a new prey.
Vritra's left hand moved towards Teresa, his new wife was frightened, afraid that the touch might bring pain, nightmares, and more.
As if made of paper, the cage broke the moment his hand touched it.
Teresa leaned back slightly, but in the next moment, his arm circled around her waist, pulling her closer.
Her voluptuous body pressed against his, while her enchanting, sweet scent made Vritra pause for a moment.
But then he flew up, pausing at a safe distance, and then…
BOOOOM!
The altar exploded violently, the people of the Ford and Yate family were shaken, feeling that the two had been swallowed by the explosion.
The Fords knew that Teresa wouldn't die from this, though it might still injure her, but Art would be dead by such a powerful explosion.
While the Yates were more worried about Teresa, since Art was a lot stronger than even the lords.
"Noooo!" they all rushed forward, but couldn't get to the altar in time.
While in the sky, Teresa had her eyes shut tight as she waited for the dreadful experience which should come, since her husband had touched her.
Even if someone touched her hand over a glove, her abilities were strong enough to work most times.
But seconds passed, and all she felt were his arms holding onto her protectively, wrapped around her waist.
Her body pressed against his, she had never been this close to a person, not even her own mother.
The confused bride tilted her head and opened her eyes as her senses drifted outwards, and she saw Vritra gazing at her.
"H- Huh?" Teresa couldn't even see his fate, she wondered what might be the reason.
"My dear Tess, I will never harm you, whether knowingly or unknowingly. So don't be afraid of getting close to me, okay?" Vritra spoke, his left arm calmly resting over her waist while he moved his right arm.
Teresa was still shocked by the situation, she was actually ready for a bad life ahead.
Why would anyone love her, what could she even provide. He can't touch her or even see her, since that might make him go crazy.
Like others said, she could bring misfortune, so the unfortunate witch knew this marriage was only in name.
She would never be close to him, physically or emotionally, and being married off to some stranger only made this fear grow.
Yet, the reality was far from her expectation.
She was a bit late to register his words, still in shock.
But then she felt Vritra's light grasp over her left arm, and before she could say anything, he pulled off her glove.
A slender, milky, beautiful arm was revealed, though her dress still covered almost up to her wrist.
Vritra gently placed his palm over hers, before entangling his fingers with hers, holding her hand with tenderness.
Her skin felt so smooth and soft, truly, this feeling was completely different from everything.
It was hard to believe she was just a human and not a higher being.
While Teresa's arm remained stiff, slowly she clasped her fingers while feeling his warmth.
Somehow, it calmed her heart down, and it felt really good.
A long time ago, she was told by her mother that someone more precious and important than anyone in their family would one day come into her life.
Someone who would love her unconditionally without expecting anything in return, who would always protect her and stand with her even if the world was against her.
But Teresa never believed those words, yet at this moment, it was as if everything in the world had disappeared.
She felt… special for the first time.
Her husband was supposed to be just another stranger in her life with no impact on her, but now that word felt so intimate.
Feeling that she could truly lean onto him, she wanted to experience more of this feeling.
She was ready to give herself to him, just hoping that heartbreak didn't await her at the end.
All her complex thoughts were interrupted when Vritra spoke:
"Do you feel strange?"
He was actually a little worried about hurting her, but also felt that Divine would have warned him if his touch could harm her.
If Teresa really were to steal his fate, then she might die faster, so he doubted it.
"…" Teresa remained silent, the pain or anything she expected didn't come, but it brought a good feeling which she felt for the first time.
So, after a moment, she nodded, enjoying this strange sensation.
❖❖❖