Chapter 435: Run away?

{Sin Points Gained: Cheered +3}

A message flashed in front of Vritra. Upon glancing down, he saw the three demon generals cheering for him.

Ignoring them, he stopped in front of the confused Raelion.

The poor demon lord had been fighting against Vritra the whole night but only now found out that he was stuck in an illusion all along.

"Yo, how are you doing, Raelion?"

Vritra smiled and asked, before adding, "I see you are quite energetic this early in the morning. You really must have loved your time with your mother yesterday."

"What’s happening? Who even are you? Aaaaaaaaah! I am going crazy!!" Raelion pulled a handful of his hair as he let out a wild scream.

He was so happy just the previous night, but all of a sudden everything had turned into a mess.

The memory of doing it with his slutty mother made Raelion shiver with disgust.

And Vritra kept giving him one psychological blow after another; his mind was completely cooked by now.

The whole night he had to go through all that again and again — sleeping with his mother and then getting beaten by Vritra.

"Don’t run, fight me!" Raelion shouted, energy dangerously swirling around him.

Vritra let out a chuckle, his voice full of ridicule. "Run away? Who is running? Run where?"

[Switch Activated.]

[Switch: Demonification (70%)]

The entirety of the realm was instantly swallowed by a purple energy.

The houses cracked under the pressure; all the demons were pushed against the ground until they were prostrating.

Even Raelion’s body was thrown back.

This energy was extremely destructive and domineering — they all felt as if they were being choked.

The three generals were especially shocked; just the energy was way stronger than what they remembered of their lord.

Raelion stabilized his body. Although he was surprised, he was completely consumed with madness.

The only thought that revolved in his mind was to kill Vritra — no matter the cost, and in the most painful way possible.

Vritra wanted to check out his strength a bit before heading back.

With all the demonic energy he had absorbed from the queen’s body, his strength had certainly grown overall.

Raelion’s body flashed, moving at his fastest speed as the demon appeared before Vritra in less than a second, then tried to grab his neck.

’Not bad, I can actually keep track of his movements. Sigh, Foxie took too much time waking up. If I wasn’t getting late, then I would have humored him a bit.’

Vritra thought as he teleported exactly behind Raelion and grabbed his neck before dragging him away.

"L-Lord subdued him so easily! He has recovered all his strength," Morvik shouted in joy. They were really happy that they no longer had to listen to Raelion.

Vritra pushed himself to his limits and moved incredibly fast, even using all his skills to subdue the demon in his grasp for a few seconds.

***

Darius had received a message from Vritra through General Sirius’s hands, who couldn’t get tired of praising him.

And the content of the message was about none other than Raelion.

He was doubtful at first that the weak Daddy V could actually capture a demon lord.

But the next day he still went to check. High in the sky, some distance away from the Cloud City, he paused in the air and waited.

"Emperor, we found that the Emp— cough, Yennefer Aven has been spotted inside the Cloud City," Han Gratt reported. He seemed rather happy that the two had broken up.

"I see. Soon I will present her with the demon lord Raelion and ask what mistake I have made. Sigh, I need her back no matter what," the emperor said in a firm tone.

"How long are we going to wait?" one of the protectors asked. Among the king’s three protectors, he was the most arrogant and secretive.

"Uh... I don’t think he would lie to me and the emperor. If Daddy— uh, Sir V from Golden Moon said so, then I am sure it will happen," Sirius spoke. For some reason, he had built blind trust in Vritra.

"..." Darius waited patiently, and just a couple of minutes later, they actually heard a beast-like voice.

As if some unknown creature was letting out mad screams. And not long after, Raelion actually appeared in front of them.

His eyes were red and veins popping all over his body; it appeared as if he was running behind someone.

Seeing the several men, he looked at them and then turned casually to continue looking for Vritra, acting as if nothing was wrong.

"Uh..." Sirius cleared his throat.

All the others just looked at the demon and didn’t react; the whole act seemed so casual, as if someone had lost their way and they were just watching him leave.

"What are you doing? Catch him!" Vritra’s voice suddenly sounded from the midst of the group, bringing them to their senses.

"Oh, stop!" Darius finally made a move. He poured a large amount of energy into the trap he had prepared in advance.

And Raelion came to his senses and realized that he was trapped. Even though he wanted to kill Vritra, saving his life was still the priority.

He could always get a second chance at killing him, though all the things that Vritra had done to him still made him mad.

’I need to get out of here first. Damnit, I will be beaten like a dog again,’ he thought before deploying his special technique that he always used to escape in the most desperate times.

’Forbid: a body divided in particles will turn into a strong magnet and could never separate.’

[Forbidden activated.]

Vritra hadn’t just used the Misty Essence to waste time; he also used it to see various of Raelion’s tricks and abilities.

"I will kill you all later! Don’t think just you bunch will be enough to catch me, hmph!" he harrumphed and used his ability as his body began to disintegrate.

Han and the other protector attacked him instantly to disrupt the ability, but even as their punches landed, they could do nothing.

"Hahahaha! Why waste my time with such pitiful attacks? There is no way any of you— huh?" But just as his body broke into particles, it was pulled back with a strong force.

His body instantly returned to normal. He tried the same skill again, and it didn’t work.

"W-What have you done?" he looked around at the several men and, for the first time, felt afraid for his life. But killing a demon lord wasn’t so easy — he had gathered a lot of ways to escape.

But each time he tried anything, Vritra or someone else already had a way to counter it.

In the end, as several minutes passed, Raelion’s body was shaking as cold sweat dripped down his face.

"Emperor, as you promised, please beat him up a bit.

First, I need him as a subject in my show to attract more audience, then you could do as you wish with him," Vritra spoke, back in his burly man disguise.

"..." Darius glanced back before fixing his gaze on Raelion, making the demon lord cower in terror.

"T-This whole thing is a misunderstanding! I am being framed! I don’t even want Yennefer! I-I can help—" Raelion began to try any way to survive the situation.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...