Chapter 201: A small Favour

After the two 2nd legion rank humans had turned into soul wraiths, Vritra raised all the other corpses into soul wraiths and kept them for now to feed them to Bob and Bobby, then he merged all the collected weapons into his axes.

Finally done with all the work he needed to do, Vritra was ready to leave this inheritance. Now the only question was whether the empress would wait for him outside.

"Let’s move close to the portal, she isn’t someone who would hide her aura wherever she goes so I will be able to sense her presence just from there." Yasmine said, as she started leading him towards the exit.

Vritra’s speed was extremely fast even without Shift or anything else, he covered a large distance within seconds. It didn’t take them long before they had finally arrived at the exit portal, it seemed like a crack in the space, and couldn’t be seen from the other side.

"Let’s go." Vritra touched the space crack and his hand easily passed through it, he moved half of his body to the other side and waited for Yasmine to make sure.

After a couple of minutes, Yasmine finally spoke: "She really isn’t here, I thought she would wait a day or two even considering her impatient personality. I think a little less than a day has passed since we entered the inheritance."

"She also got Null, her strength must be even higher now. But once my level increases I will meet her again." Vritra mumbled to himself as he walked out of the crack and found himself floating in the sky.

It was the same place from where Yennefer had abducted him, though no one noticed him since there wasn’t a big commotion like when the empress had come out.

[Fourth Dimension activated.]

Vritra disappeared and started flying directly towards the place his mother and the others were staying at. As the two observed the roads, they noticed that only the guards of the Blue Kingdom remained there now, all the other strong presences had disappeared completely.

"I guess since the empress’s work is done, they all went back. Even Han Gratt must have left. Well, that’s a good thing." Vritra said as he arrived close to the suite.

"Yeah that takes away one of the threats. Now if we don’t end up against the Grieves, then the king should be the only danger. How are you planning to deal with him, hubby?" Yasmine questioned.

"With my current strength I can kill him directly if I wish, but that would pull even more dangers, so it would be better if I could get him killed indirectly." He replied. Vritra had a plan but a few key pieces were still missing.

"And how are you going to do it?" the beautiful dragon lady asked.

"Hmm... Oh, there he is. I didn’t expect him to still be lingering around this place." Vritra said as he saw Rich walking the market streets with an intrigued expression.

Vritra removed the Fourth Dimension and flashed beside Rich, who was too busy observing various shops.

"Hey, how have you been?" Vritra spoke, startling Rich as he jumped to the side and only relaxed upon seeing that it was Jin Woo. Of course, Vritra had already changed the appearance of his face.

"Oh Jin Woo, it is you!! Congratulations for winning the competition, I really didn’t expect you to perform so well. I tried looking for you earlier to congratulate but I couldn’t." Rich said as a big smile appeared on his face.

"Thank you but... sigh." Vritra shook his head while releasing an exhausted sigh, looking very miserable.

"Oh, what’s wrong?" Rich asked. He looked like an innocent boy from a very prominent family who had never seen the evil of the world, though he was certainly not a fool.

"You know the gift that I received after my victory, that storage glyph, I ended up losing it somehow. Sigh, it is all my fault. I don’t care about the other things but the emblem provided to me by that mystery man is also lost. Now everything was for nothing, and I don’t know what to do." Vritra said, trying to make sense of his doubt about this Rich guy.

"Oh no, that’s too bad. How did you lose it? Can’t you find it again?" Rich asked, showing concern.

"I can’t find it anywhere. As for how, I was chasing after a demon and in the fight, I lost it somewhere." Vritra said, sighing again.

"Ah, this situation is really troubling." Rich said while observing Vritra to see if he really didn’t have the emblem, and he really didn’t sense it on Vritra.

"I know someone who could help you, but how do I find you?" Rich said after a moment.

"I am not sure, I move all over the kingdom and might even leave it soon." Vritra said, shrugging his shoulder.

"Hmm... Then take this for now. When you inject mana into it, I’ll be informed of your location. I will come and find you." From his pocket, Rich took out a similar-looking white token and handed it to Vritra.

"Keep it, it doesn’t have any direct way to find your location. Unless you inject your mana into it, no one could detect you." Yasmine said. Having this emblem would definitely be helpful later.

"Thank you, I will inform you after two days." Vritra said with a grateful smile, and now knew for sure that this guy was far from simple. He should also be from the emperor’s family or some family of similar status.

After talking for a bit more, Vritra walked away, arriving in front of the inn. He sensed the presence of all four of the soul wraiths, and even the three women. He heaved a sigh of relief that the king didn’t try anything while he was away.

Just as he was about to step into the building, Vritra’s ears pricked as he heard some distant shouts. Scanning his surroundings, he soon found the cause of the problem. It was some man whose bull seemed to have gone mad. They were rampaging on the market street.

"Just in time, I really needed his help." Vritra’s lips curled into an evil smile as he sensed Monk Shitless’s presence. In the plan to kill the king, he was his biggest card.

Before meeting his mother, Fiona, and the goddess, Vritra decided to help the poor monk. His body disappeared in the next moment, and then he appeared in the sky right above the street in which the bull was running.

Vritra landed softly at the end of the street as the bull continued to charge forward. The guards hadn’t arrived there yet. The bull charged forward madly, it seemed quite mad for some reason.

As it got close to the street’s end, the bull saw Vritra standing there calmly and with all its might the bull applied its brakes, sensing a deadly aura around Vritra.

The bull’s feet skidded over the ground and finally it came to a halt, but the passenger on top of it was still screaming as he got thrown off and landed in front of Vritra.

"Oh hello there, pitiful one. Shitless here, hehe." Monk looked up from his feet and spoke while coughing out mud.

"Sir Shitless, can you do me a small favour?" Vritra asked, extending a hand forward like an evil and fraud merchant.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...