Chapter 607 Darkness

[Stealer of Fate Activated!]

Suddenly a message popped before Vritra, as he activated the title he had received upon marrying Teresa.

Instantly, his consciousness plunged into a mess of glowing threads, each connected to her.

There were also threads that connected Teresa to him, these were the threads that dictated her future, her misfortunes.

Teresa sensed something amiss but with Vritra's lips pressed against hers, she couldn't even speak.

Unable to understand what exactly Vritra was doing.

'Haa there are so many bad occurrences in her life.' Vritra could naturally sense what each thread represented.

With his high value of mental energy, he only felt slightly dazed as everything recorded in his mind.

Without wasting any time, he began to steal all of her bad luck, everything she was born with or had stolen before.

Quickly a large number of threads disconnected from Teresa and began to connect with Vritra's body.

Sensing this very familiar feeling, Teresa's eyes widened, she could now tell what Vritra was doing.

But how was he able to steal her fate?

No, before that, she had to stop him.

Her hands immediately moved to his shoulder as she tried to break the connection but Vritra didn't budge.

Her eyes were filled with tears, she didn't want to inflict all her pain, her sufferings, her misfortunes on her husband.

Suddenly a cool sensation spread throughout her body, making her body go limp for a moment.

Teresa almost fell unconscious but the sensation of his lips remained, as she closed her eyes.

Vritra didn't separate until he had removed every thread of fate which was meant to bring misfortune.

Of course not all of them could be removed, some natural ones would still stay there.

Finally, their lips separated, as the connection broke.

[You have stolen the fate of Stealer of Fate!]

A message flashed in Vritra's mind as he felt dizziness, he turned his face to the other side and closed his eyes.

Within moments, Teresa's senses returned and the pain in her body rapidly disappeared.

The strange disease she had developed actually disappeared, only leaving her feeling weak.

The world appeared blurry before her, as she blinked a couple of times.

But suddenly, a world full of colours appeared before her. Teresa blinked her eyes in confusion.

How could her blindness be gone?

Then she looked at Vritra, her heart instantly filled with a sorrowful feeling.

"H- Husband…" she called out softly and tried to sit up but felt too weak.

It would take some time for her to regain her strength completely, but now, other than the temporary weakness there was nothing wrong with her body.

The disease and even the blindness had disappeared.

"Husband" she called out again, pulling his arm as Vritra turned to face her.

There were speckle-like patterns over his face and arms but he hid them quickly, not wanting Teresa to see that.

It would only make her feel worse.

His red pupils had dulled, losing the lustre they had previously, and the world was consumed by darkness.

If not for his senses, he wouldn't be able to see anything.

"I am fine." He caressed her forehead, his pupils focused right where Teresa was but he couldn't see her.

This was how she had lived all her life. While she must have been completely blind when young, only after her strength grew was she able to use her senses.

"H- How did you- No, why did you… why did you do that?" Teresa's voice was almost choked, her heart aching.

She wouldn't want even strangers to suffer, even going as far as taking their fate.

So how could she not be sad as all the bad things shifted to the one person she had come to love the most.

"Yeah it is selfish of me, but I just can't see you suffer. I also know how this will make you feel but you don't have to worry at all." Vritra spoke with a reassuring smile before continuing:

"Not only can I steal fates but I can also give them to someone else, so I can just give all this to someone. I can handle this."

Hearing his words, Teresa felt a bit better. If it meant for Vritra, she wouldn't hesitate to harm anyone.

Vritra continued to speak soothing words as Teresa completely relaxed, her trust in Vritra was more than anything.

If he said so then she was sure he could do it.

"…" After finally calming down, Teresa finally noticed that her eyesight had returned.

She stared at Vritra's face, his image was never as clear as now.

"Husband, you look so good… you are so good to me." She mumbled weakly, pulling his arm.

Vritra smiled, then leaned towards her and gave her a soft kiss.

After talking for a little longer, Vritra left her alone to rest as Teresa began to absorb the energy from the core.

After Vritra closed the door behind him, his expression changed.

Since he was a demi god, the disease didn't affect him as much as Teresa but it still left him feeling dizzy.

"Are you okay? Did you really have to harm yourself for her?" just then Yennefer's worried voice sounded in his mind.

She really wished she was outside to stop her reckless husband from doing that.

"Yeah, I am fine, and yes, this was necessary. Now that she is mine, I would do anything in my power to protect her just like how I wouldn't let any harm near you." He said firmly.

"Sigh…" Yennefer just sighed, she knew perfectly well how much he could do for his wives.

This was why she was worried earlier.

Vritra stopped his senses as the world became completely dark, he really couldn't see anything.

"Well it's a new sort of experience." He chuckled and tried walking forward only to bump into a wall.

Yennefer could only shake her head and asked: "Do you really have a way to push this fate to someone else? If so, then hurry up and… just throw it on that classmate of yours, that you have captured."

"Of course I don't, if I hadn't lied, do you think Teresa would have calmed down. She is too kind for her own good." Vritra said as his senses returned and he could finally make out his surroundings.

"What-?! Husband, you are way too reckless, among us only you have the strength to deal with the sudden disaster, if you were to fall ill won't all of us be in danger anyway?

And what about stealing Jack's hero fate?" Yennefer spoke in exasperation.

"Hmm well I can find the solution somehow. How could I hesitate when her life was in danger. As for Jack, maybe I will let Tess steal his fate." Vritra mumbled unsurely, but what if she stole his bad luck too.

So he was a bit hesitant.

"Wait wait, didn't you mention that Teresa had stolen the fate of a maid and she would be unable to bear a child in the future?

You didn't steal that as well, did you?" Yennefer asked with a bad feeling, of course like Yasmine and others, she too wanted a child with him.

"Uh… I think I did, haa we will find a solution, don't worry." Vritra said helplessly.

"You did?!! I am telling Yasmine and the others right now!" Yennefer said and tried to connect with his other wives.

Soon, they all knew what he had done.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...