Chapter 148: The Journey Begins

"Uhm... if you don’t mind me asking, exactly who would be chasing us? Aside from the people who would investigate Alfred’s death, are there more?" Diana asked.

There was a high chance that the people who would come to investigate would be from the Golden Moon.

Most of those people aren’t as violent, so the situation shouldn’t be very bad.

"Hmm, just a few demon generals, Nine Pacts, a crazy cult... that must be all, at least what I am aware of," Vritra said casually.

Diana: "..."

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

******

After the day’s events, Vritra returned to his room and did nothing but rest. He met up with Fiona to see if she was ready.

Finally, it was around eight in the night and the sky had started to turn dark. Over three carriages had arrived outside the temple, all quite big and luxurious.

One carriage was left empty in case of some kind of emergency, another one was filled with guards that they would be bringing along. Taking these guards was important—if they just hastily ran out of the castle like that, it would make them look even more suspicious.

The first and biggest carriage would be the resting place for the three women and Vritra. Unlike his original plan, where he was going to leave after causing some trouble here, now he decided to head out with them.

That way, he would be able to protect them better.

"Are you all ready? This might be the last time we are in this place, so don’t leave anything important behind," Vritra asked as he glanced at the three women.

"Honey, I didn’t need to bring much and I don’t really have any attachment to this place, so yeah, I am ready," Vanessa replied with a smile.

"I have taken everything I could. I have emptied even everything the king collected. What is he going to do with them as a dead body?" Diana said, a big proud smile on her face.

’She is as greedy as ever. Because of her greed and arrogance, she ended up getting enslaved by me... sigh, she never learns.’ Vritra shook his head before asking:

"Taking all that—won’t that make us look more like suspects who killed the king just to steal it all?"

"Ah... s-should I put it back?" Diana looked at Vritra with a worried expression, chewing her lips nervously.

"Forget it. How about you, Fiona?" Vritra looked at the redhead and asked.

"Yes, everything I need is with me," Fiona said as she gazed at him possessively. Vritra was going with her—what could be more important than him?

"Good, then let’s head out and reach the Blue Kingdom... let’s hope without any trouble," Vritra said as the four walked towards the carriage that was at the center. It looked so royal.

"Heh, I doubt that. Poor mother-in-law, it would be better to leave without the trouble magnet, she might be more safe," Yasmine spoke, shaking her head.

’Hmm, that’s true. But I just can’t leave them. Sigh, let’s hope we can get out of here before they notice us.’ Vritra sighed as they climbed into the carriage, which looked just as majestic from the inside.

Twenty guards were present in the carriage ahead of them, while the third was empty. Without lingering around, the three carriages began to move.

Inside the carriage, it was bright with many comfortable seats, beds, and much more. Vritra sat beside the others and wondered if he could do anything to increase his strength.

The only thing was the Divine Sin Wheel, but using the points now would be just wasting them, and their enemies this time were much stronger. Vritra doubted any skill would give him enough of a boost that he could suddenly kill demon general-level enemies.

So he would have to make it all work with everything he possessed. Vritra again thanked the dead King Alfred for his generous parting gift—all four were god-tier.

Taking a deep breath, Vritra stabilized the demon core in his body that seemed ready to burst out at any moment. Thankfully, Mutamorphis and his own essence core were keeping it in check for now.

’Well, if things get too bad, I would just let it explode and bring all those people down with me. I still have that potion to revive me. If most of my body could be preserved after death, then Yasmine could do the rest.’ Vritra thought. Killing himself was the final trump card, but he didn’t tell this plan to Yasmine, as she would never agree.

But he was also sure when the time comes, she would understand it on her own and do her part.

The four chatted casually as they made their way out of the castle and soon arrived in the market, where countless people were watching them in awe and envy. This one carriage was worth more than all their wealth combined.

Vritra opened one of the windows and leaned toward the outside, letting the cold wind hit his face while sin points continued to rain from all the bystanders.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +142}

{Sin Point Gained: Envied +141}

{Sin Point Gained: Jealous +155}

{Sin Point Gained: Envied +23}

...

Vritra just closed his eyes as he talked with Diana, Vanessa, and Fiona and watched the sin points pour.

’Sigh, maybe I should just become a tourist and change the name to: Travelling around the world, my exp increases every day...’ Vritra thought and imagined that carefree life. Getting thousands of sin points every day and then getting new skills, increasing his strength secretly.

But that was just a pipe dream now. Shaking his head, he opened his eyes and saw the women among the crowd who kept sending strange looks at him.

{Sin Point Gained: Infatuated +67}

{Sin Point Gained: Liked +69}

...

******

Inside the castle, in Alfred’s room.

His corpse was still hanging on the wall with a sword piercing through his chest. The guards had not gone inside, just as they had been instructed by the king.

Maids would deliver the food and leave it right inside the door and would come later to collect it.

Right now, the room was completely dark and surrounded by a strong barrier, and ten figures could be seen sitting in a circle on the large sofa.

All of them wore red clothes and red masks. The clothes looked normal at first glance, but they were made from human skin, and the masks were formed from the bones of demons and humans.

The mask was white in color, and only their eyes and lips were visible. It had such a strange cut to show their lips for some reason.

Nine of them looked exactly the same, while only the mask of one person was different. His mask was like a laughing devil, and his red lips were visible in the lower part, showing his twisted smile.

These were the members of the Bone Blood Cult, just as Yasmine had speculated.

All ten of them had levels in several thousands, with the devil mask being the strongest in the group. They couldn’t match the demon generals but could overpower the team of the Nine Pacts that had already entered the Dunshire Kingdom.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...