Chapter 286: Agent

It is quite easy to get information in such a big and crowded kingdom. Pulling out the paper fan from his inventory, Vritra started walking in the market street.

Although this place was so prosperous and developed, most of the people walking on the street had a slave or two with them. Some slaves were humans and some were demi-humans.

’How do I increase my sin points though?’ he wondered while just walking aimlessly.

Just then a message popped in front of Vritra.

『

Quest: Become and stay as an agent for five days.

Reward: The Divine’s secret map.

』

"!!!" Vritra paused all of a sudden, as he dumbfoundedly stared at the message. This was the first time he had obtained a quest not related to his survival and the reward...

’The Divine’s secret map, but what does it mean by agent? Do I have to join some kind of organisation?’ he wondered. The reward was too appealing to ignore this quest.

"It might be related to the thing I had sensed before, we have to obtain that map at any cost." Yasmine spoke. Anything related to the Divine is a treasure that could easily match the mythic halos and the greatest of the treasures in all the universes.

’Yeah, I do plan to get it but first I have to find what agent means. It would have been so much easier had this message just included details.’ Vritra complained. He looked to the side and saw a fancy restaurant.

Vritra continued to move and soon found a rather average hotel with a lot of people eating there. It is easy to obtain information at crowded places. So he soon walked to a table where three people were seated. All of them looked like normal workers.

"Can I take this seat?" Vritra asked, grabbing the attention of the three.

All of them glanced up and looked at the sickly man in expensive clothes, though these clothes seemed a bit out of place for the White kingdom.

"Are you new in this place?" the first man asked, putting down his booze.

"Yeah, so I wanted to talk to someone, how about I pay for your food?" Vritra asked and sat down. Of course, the three of them were happy upon hearing about free food.

"Sure, sure, young friend, but are you ill?" the second man asked, patting Vritra’s shoulder lightly.

"Sigh... Yeah, both my parents died before I was born. It wasn’t until I was a couple of years old that I started speaking, and haa you won’t believe this, but only after growing up did I find out that my height couldn’t grow anymore. My life has been very hard..." Vritra replied, his tone full of self-misery.

"Sob... My little brother, I didn’t know you suffered so much. You can treat me as your brother from now on and I will help you settle here properly. Just tell me if you need anything." The first man said.

The three of them were fairly drunk, but maybe the second man wasn’t as drunk.

"Before you were born, hmm?" he wondered.

"Forget about all that, drink more." Vritra filled their glasses and asked for more booze, then he decided to get to the point.

"The atmosphere in the capital seems quite tense, is something wrong?"

The laughter of the three men instantly stopped. They looked almost sober as the third man spoke:

"You have not heard it yet it seems, but around a month ago, our king disappeared and since then there has been no news of him.

Of course everyone is panicked, the demons might start the war at any time and without the king how are we going to survive?"

"Oh, that’s so terrible. But anything aside from that?" Vritra probed further.

"Hmm... You have heard about Bone Blood Cult, right? Those mad cultist bastards have been too active lately.

Many people have even disappeared, and everyone believes they might also be behind the king’s disappearance." The first man said as he gulped another glass of booze.

"Oh, BBC huh, yeah those pigs need to die. But has there been some kind of recruitment around here?" Vritra just asked directly.

"Yes, there is actually a recruitment currently going on, but don’t tell me you want to join it?!!" the second man asked, as the three looked at him strangely.

"Uh... is there something wrong with joining it?" Vritra questioned.

"Of course, it is the recruitment of the Slave Beast Gang after all. You want to be a gangster? Those assholes are also big sinners, selling off people is such a big crime, sigh." The first man said.

"Ah, so is there a name for this post? By the way I am not planning to join it, but I should still know about it." Vritra asked. Those gangsters seemed to be quite systematic, so it really might be a post for that gang.

"What rank would those kidnappers need? They are just recruiting people who could kidnap their targets, but they are calling it something like agent." The third man answered, anger evident in his voice.

’Fuck, why does it have to be them?’ Vritra felt a headache coming. He didn’t want to be a part of such an organisation but he needed to complete the quest.

"But why is the king not stopping them? The slavery is going on so openly." Vritra said and looked towards the roads, where all the rich people had slaves with them.

"Our great king is a kind man and he loves all his people too much. It is under him that the White kingdom has seen such a big development.

But before he knew it, the kingdom was split into two religions. Those gangster bastards played it all with their minds, creating a fake god of slavery, and they were able to pull nearly half of the population of the White kingdom towards them.

There is no way our king could murder half his subjects." The first man answered.

’So the people here are crazy about religions?’ Upon hearing that, Vritra’s lips curled up and the perfect idea popped in his mind.

’The third religion would soon be coming to this kingdom I guess, haha I am going to get so many sin points by just speaking a few words.’ Vritra knew that people crazy over religion are quite similar to cultists. As long as he could gain their trust and reverence, then he could get hundreds of thousands of sin points by just sitting.

"Thank you for telling me all that, it was so nice to talk to you." Vritra stood up, but putting a pause to his excited thoughts he asked: "You people wouldn’t know where the recruitment is going on, right?"

The three looked at him strangely, so Vritra added: "I should know so I don’t end up there accidentally."

"Ah, yeah makes sense. The recruitment is going on at the 1st base of the Slave Beast Gang, which is quite close to the castle.

If you ask someone they could easily point out the direction so you don’t end up there accidentally." The third man nodded in understanding and replied.

Vritra paid the bill for them and then waved at the three happy men. Walking in the market aimlessly, he started thinking.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...