Chapter 424: Absurd Twists

Vritra paused and added: "Had you not turned your back against your brothers, I would have let you go. So whoever kills the leader first will get his privilege." Vritra announced.

Once again, the shouts of the crowd began to ring out; they were even more bloodthirsty and wanted to see each and every single one of them die the most horrible death.

"N- No, I am sorry, I must have gone mad, p- please forgive m-" but before he could finish, a glyph hit his face, scaring the shit out of him.

{Sin Point Gained: Appreciated +12,024}

{Sin Point Gained: Liked +11,953}

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +11,623}

{Sin Point Gained: Idolized +11,108}

...

"Kuku, he has weakened, let’s kill this son of a bitch. He once stole my girl and I can’t do anything but watch the whole thing, brothers, let me kill this fucker with my hand to avenge her."

One of the bandits shouted and rushed forward with a spear in hand.

But instead of harming the leader, the glyph began to wrap around his body as countless thick vines came out of it.

His size grew, and soon he rose over twenty meters, completely in control of the giant body.

"Huh? W- What? I can... control it? Whoa..." the leader tried jumping around and attacking; each attack was really powerful.

"Haha, now which son of a bitch did you want to kill, motherfucker? Not only did I fuck your girl, but even your mother—and she agreed just for a few gold coins hahahaha..."

The leader let out a loud laugh, finally in control, and now no one can hurt him.

"Fuck, there are even glyphs that could boost their strengths?" The person who had thrown the glyph to kill the leader sighed in disappointment.

"Now I am going to kill everyone here and spend my life peacefully in prison." He laughed even harder.

"L- Leader, you mistook my words, of course I had brought her solely for you. I hadn’t even touched her. As for my mother, of course you can do..."

But before any of them could make a move, millions of ants rushed towards the giant and within seconds they devoured the entire giant vine-like body.

THUD

The leader fell to the ground, several wounds on his body as the ants continued to bite and devour him.

"Ah haha I- I was just joking. How dare haa haa I ever ughhh damnit it hurts, t- touch your mother, it was your girl who seduced me, I swear I at least didn’t enter her bac--"

The leader almost pissed in his clothes as he jerked the ants off his body.

"Of course you cannot touch my mother, you asshole. Brothers, give me one chance to kill this bastard to take revenge." The same bandit shouted and rushed forward.

The people in the crowd were going crazy at the twists and turns; it was all so worth it.

"Damnit I am going to die of laughter, just look at their expressions. Daddy... V make them regret ever hurting anyone!" someone shouted.

"Now participants, all of you will be receiving one free glyph from me and if any of you could kill anyone then you will win large sums of money."

Vritra announced, loving the rain of sin points as the number of people kept increasing.

Onest and the others quickly spread the glyphs to almost thirteen thousand people; some of them were fake and few actually worked.

"Throw!!" All of them threw their glyphs at the same time, and most just disappeared but some exploded in the sky and a strange juice rained down.

At first the subjects were afraid that it might be acidic or poisonous, but quickly they realized that it was a fragrant and sweet fluid.

"Is it to let us relax?" Ziggy questioned, happy that the leader had taken his place.

He hadn’t even eaten anything in an entire day, so the smell made him mad and he began to devour it hungrily.

"H- Huh? Are we feeding them now? Just what is going on, Daddy uh... V?" people questioned.

Zombies also began to drink the fluid, though most bandits remained cautious, trying to shield themselves from the fluid.

Not even a couple of minutes had passed when all of a sudden the ground began to shake; disgusting, grotesque, small and large insects covered in blood and dirty gu came out of the ground.

Ziggy and the zombies paused, having a really bad feeling about it.

And just as they expected, the ants and those small creatures rushed towards the smell of the fluid.

"Uwaaaaah! Get t- this off me OINK OINk F- Fatherrrrr save me, your son is being tortured here!" Ziggy shouted while making a run for his life.

The insects instantly began to cut through their bodies and eat their skins, while also tearing their bodies apart to eat all the fluid they had swallowed.

While the public looked at all this in awe and amazement, Vritra just watched the tens of thousands of sin points flooding.

Normally, most of these people would vomit seeing a scene even a tenth as bloody as this, but here they were cheering and throwing glyphs to kill them faster.

"Attention everyone, I have good news for you all!" Vritra shouted as all eyes pointed towards him and the game on the ground paused.

"We have an honorable member of our emperor’s army, a general so selfless that he would even sacrifice anything for the public. General Sirius!"

Vritra said and then pointed towards the sky, where a man had been secretly watching it all.

He had been sent here by the emperor along with a few others to keep an eye on Vritra and everything else, and though the method was questionable, it seemed to be going pretty well.

"Let’s welcome Our General Sirius... He had spent a vast fortune of his own to build an entire town and helped countless people."

Vritra announced, as all gazes shifted towards the sky, and Sirius finally became visible.

He was rather surprised; this was his first mission after the rest.

"Anyway, the good news is while I raided the base of those inhumane zombies, I was able to save some of the people.

The rest were already devoured by them when I got there." A sand platform appeared in the sky, and in the next instant, hundreds of people who had almost died appeared.

"Y- You saved them all? Thank you very much, Sir Daddy—uh, Daddy Sir... sir agent." The general added, happiness clearly visible on his face.

’This guy is so much better than that ungrateful bastard.

If I see him again, I am going to repay him several times over.’ Sirius thought, impressed by Vritra.

"Although it is a lot to ask, but for now can you take care of them? I will gladly help with any capital or anything." Vritra said, tilting his head upwards in pride.

And this act reflected on his sin points—the messages began to flash even faster; people seemed to have more faith in Vritra than even the emperor now.

"..." All the people were allowed to get a seat in the arena and watch the whole show so they could get over their trauma and become normal.

But it further increased his sin points.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...