Chapter 212: Trauma Triggered

The three generals stared at Vritra skeptically; they clearly knew he was lying. How could the labyrinth be intact? It would have collapsed soon after it lost the energy supply from the demon lord.

But upon seeing that leather belt in his hand, they became even more confused. They glanced at one another with questioning looks. There was little to no chance of him being their lord.

[Switch Activated.]

[Switch: Demonification (0.5%)]

Blue energy instantly burst out of his body and horns appeared on his head. Vritra still remained in Jin Woo’s appearance as the two hearts in his chest thumped wildly, supplying energy all over his body.

Vritra could easily control this much level of power, and his strength quickly rose to close to the 2nd legion rank with just that much energy from the demon lord’s core. The surroundings instantly became suffocating.

All the people that were hunting in the small forest nearby instantly became alert. They threw up all their plans and immediately made their escape—this new demon seemed way too dangerous.

"Hah! You fools think anyone other than me will be able to control my own core and energy? Did you think I am an idiot like you and that just you three would be my backup plan?

Sigh... I still can’t believe you have the audacity to attack me with others when you should have protected me," Vritra spoke, wrinkling his nose at the three confused demons.

The more they listened to him, the more confused they became. None of the three could tell if they should believe him or not.

"I-If you are our lord, then prove it," Thaddeus said after a few seconds, scratching his face.

"WHAT?!! You want me, Voromir Zuke, to prove myself in front of you... mere servants?" Blue energy burst out of Vritra’s body as he swung the leather belt in the air, showing his rage.

"Do you think a random kid could take control of one of the strongest Mythic Halos? Do you think a random kid could control my core?

You believe a normal human could beat so many of you with his low level?" Vritra’s anger burst even more as he showed the invisible flames over his hand, shocking the three.

The muscle memory of the three demon generals kicked in as they remembered the time when their lord would beat them up for the smallest mistake, and seeing the current Vritra and his arrogance, they really felt as if their lord had truly returned.

"S-Sorry, we didn’t mean that..." The old Silquor’s back bent even more as he tried to hide behind the giant Thaddeus. They still had their doubts, but they still felt fear towards Vritra.

"Hah!! You three kids need to get spanked. Get here."

All of a sudden, Vritra began charging towards them at such a high speed.

His speed was also enhanced by the demon lord’s energy, on top of which he activated his newly upgraded skill.

[Shift Activated.]

[Strength + Endurance → Agility]

『

Agility: 99,715 Strength: 15,909

Endurance: 14,968

』

The new Shift was much more powerful than the previous version. Not only could he shift the stats of two of his attributes to one, but even if he shifted all of the points from the two, half of it would still remain in those two.

Though after Shift is deactivated, he would get into a weakened state. Vritra decided to test this skill now.

His speed increased explosively, and it was certainly as fast as someone at the 2nd legion rank. Even though there is a large gap between each level, with his skills and the demon lord’s energy, he crossed that large gap.

Thaddeus, Silquor, and Morvik were startled when Vritra charged towards them at such a speed. There was no way a normal human could grow at that rate, so they really wondered if it was their lord.

Sensing that familiar energy and the belt swinging in his hand, the three generals released a fearful whimper and rotated at the speed of lightning before making a run for their lives, since their traumatic memories were triggered.

And so began the chase. The three demon generals were obviously faster than Vritra, but even here they didn’t seem to use their full strength, as if they were afraid of attracting the wrong attention towards them.

The trees swung and strong wind blew as the three demon generals ran in fear. Their clothes were almost torn to shreds, and Thaddeus’s tongue was hanging out of his mouth—their only focus was on escaping.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

They didn’t even notice the wooden room on the ground or the people looking at them as they continued to flee, while Vritra enjoyed his new speed. Shift would get even more awesome in the future.

"W-What?!! Is that Vritra?!!" Faceless exclaimed on the ground. Seeing the three generals being so afraid of Vritra filled him with dread as well. Without a second thought, he fled with his underlings.

Of course, Vritra had already noticed them, but for now, he only focused on the three generals.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

Vritra disappeared suddenly.

After running for a bit longer, the three generals noticed that no one was chasing them. If they weren’t so panicked, they could have easily sensed Vritra’s presence even if he was in a separate space.

The three panted heavily and looked around in fear, and in the next moment, Vritra appeared in front of them. Startled, they were about to flee again.

{Sin Points Gained: Terrified +3}

"Stop. I understand you have your doubts about me, and it makes sense since you are so incapable. Anyway, if you really wish to confirm whether or not I am your lord, go back to the Dunshire Kingdom and see the labyrinth crumble as soon as my lingering energy fades away."

Vritra said as he put away the belt and closed Switch. His horns disappeared via Intra Shuffle. Though he kept Shift activated for now.

"W- We understand. Although everything did indicate that you are our lord, think of us as incompetent. So please forgive us for our rudeness," Silquor spoke. If it really was their lord, then they really were being too rude.

"Yes, if it is as you said, then we will serve you with all our heart," Morvik said, trying to calm his heart.

"Okay, then go right ahead to the Dunshire Kingdom and see it for yourself. I will wait for you in this kingdom," Vritra said as he crossed his arms in front of his chest.

"..."

The three demon generals bowed and were about to leave—they just wanted to escape from here for now.

"Wait, so your purpose for coming here was to meet the... Nine Pacts, to try to find me, right?" Vritra asked.

"GULP... Y- Yes, that’s correct," Thaddeus said, hiding his giant body behind Morvik.

"Hmm. Did you obtain any important information from Faceless?" Vritra asked as he watched Faceless run out of the small forest along with the other five men.

"Uh... Nothing much, but he did tell me that the Grieves are looking for some inheritance and they are planning something big in this and the White Kingdom," Silquor spoke after slight hesitation.

’Inheritance? Could it be that they are looking for the same thing as me? Do they know about the existence of the Misty Essence Mythic Halo in one of the inheritances here?’ Vritra pondered.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...