Chapter 407: Breakup?

"Your father must have been a very strong demon lord, right?" Vritra asked, sensing something bouncing closer by the second.

"Yeah, he surely was. When he was alive, our family was one of the strongest among all the demon lords, despite there being only one lord unlike many others."

Maeve spoke, her head resting over his shoulder as she remembered distant memories.

After a moment’s silence, she added: "He died in a God’s war by one of the mythic halos."

"..." Vritra lingered on that detail, finding it somewhat familiar. With a doubt in his mind, he asked further: "Uhm... Who was your father?"

"Voromir Zuke," Maeve answered, her tone possessing no emotion as she spoke that name after such a long time.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Shocked +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Got Baffled +1}

"...Oh." Vritra was certainly familiar with that name, after all, it was him who extinguished the demon lord’s last hope of revival and absorbed his core, while his soul wraiths absorbed pieces of his soul.

"But didn’t you use Hale as your last name? He... wasn’t your real father or anything, right?"

Vritra asked, hoping to avoid the worst-case scenario. How could there be such a coincidence?

But with his luck, anything was possible.

"Yeah, that was my mother’s family name, but didn’t you know my half brother is Raelion Zuke? And he was indeed my real father, is something wrong?" Maeve asked in confusion.

Vritra scratched his forehead. The two had just started to get closer and such a big problem had already popped up.

Using the Misty Essence, Vritra busied the ball of fat that was approaching rapidly into a puzzle for a while.

"..." Seeing that Vritra had turned silent, Maeve continued with her story.

"So we are staying in the Voromir kingdom currently, and Raelion’s mother, well—the current ruler of our realm, wanted to use the strength of a strong demonic family to stabilize our realm.

And so, she arranged a fat pig to marry me from that family.

I refused, but escaping wasn’t an option so she gave me a task to steal the Aven family’s heirloom to cancel this marriage and prove myself." The demoness sighed.

She knew how much of a bitch Raelion’s mother is, yet she had no other choice.

"Ah, okay, I understand." Vritra nodded, maybe staying together really wasn’t in their fate.

He wondered if they would break up even before their relationship properly started.

After thinking for a minute, he decided to tell her about it. He didn’t want to lie about such a big thing to her.

"There is something I have to tell you." Vritra looked solemnly at Maeve and spoke.

"Yes, master, tell me." Maeve nodded. She was still happy over the fact that Vritra seemed to finally be accepting her.

"Well, some time ago, I met three demon generals—Thaddeus, Silquor, and Morvik." He decided to open the secret, layer by layer.

"Oh, you have met them? They were the only generals left from my father’s army," Maeve added before going silent, as she waited for him to continue, looking at his face with a tender look.

"Oof Hubby, I think the person who wrote your fate might have had some personal grudge with you, anyway good luck with this."

Yasmine began to eat her imaginary popcorn, watching a new drama unfold in her husband’s life.

"So, as you might already know about me, I was summoned inside the Dunshire kingdom from a different universe by a goddess. It was there that I met them," Vritra spoke, wondering how to break the news.

"Just say whatever you want, why are you hesitating?" Maeve spoke, tilting her head.

"Haa... So I accidentally ended up devouring the core those three demon generals were carrying around, that was supposedly prepared by your father for his revival.

And I am also partly responsible for destroying the few fragments of his soul; well, I just made the process quick—he would have disappeared anyway." Vritra finally said.

He felt that she might end up hating him; if not for him, her father would be alive now.

"Wait wait, s- so you mean to say, it is exactly because of you that my father wasn’t able to come back to life?!!" Maeve was quite shocked upon hearing those words.

She repeated the same thing in bewilderment.

"...Yeah, you can say that. I am sorry—" Vritra spoke. Maybe if her father was revived, her family would be in a much better condition.

Though Vritra didn’t regret any of his actions.

"Hoo..." Maeve let out a long breath, her expression unreadable as she registered his words.

Then she fixed her gaze on him, as her face broke into a big smile. The demoness wrapped her arms around him and spoke hurriedly:

"Thank you, master, I love you so much!! I am very happy that you killed that bastard, I can almost imagine his struggle as his soul got destroyed hahaha."

Vritra: "... "

It would be an understatement to say that he was surprised by her reaction. He was ready for her to get angry and leave immediately, but it was the opposite.

"Wait, did you hear me wrong?" Vritra asked, the sweet fragrance of the fox wrapping around him.

"Of course not, I heard you clearly, and I am really thankful that you stopped that son of a bitch from coming back to life," Maeve said as she pulled back and looked at him with a more obsessed gaze.

She had heard rumours about the three generals plotting something in secret but she hadn’t paid them much attention, so they were trying to revive the demon lord, her father.

"Oh, so you two didn’t have a good relation, huh." Vritra finally relaxed, once again wrapping his arms around her waist.

"Yeah, he put me through hell when I was younger and beat up my mother very often right in front of me, just for reasons I don’t even remember.

If he was still alive then he would have already sold me off to some other family or used me for his schemes. That’s why, I’m really thankful towards you, Mmm~ master~" Maeve explained.

Although she wasn’t able to kill him herself, knowing that Vritra had put him through so much despair and even stole his last chance—she couldn’t be happier.

"I see." Vritra nodded, though it wasn’t a surprise, since most demons have no morals or any bottom line.

"Anyway, so the person who is coming is chosen by your family to marry you?" he asked, finally stopping the misty essence.

"Yes, sigh, if only my life flame wasn’t in her control, then I would have left that realm long ago," Maeve said, her expression becoming sour.

"Life flame?" Vritra raised an eyebrow.

"Yeah, it is something similar to how I formed a life pact with you. When I was younger, my father had connected my life to a certain flame so that he could control me and my other siblings easily.

And somehow it ended up in Raelion’s mother’s possession," the demoness answered.

"Looks like killing this piggy might bring you trouble for now, but don’t worry, I just have something perfect in mind." Vritra looked into the distance, his lips curving into a twisted smile.

"!!!" Although Maeve was seeing that look for the first time, she could tell that he was brewing something very evil, and she completely supported him.

"Yes master~ let’s do it!"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...