Chapter 552 Coaxing

Outside of the palace, Vritra came to meet Maeve and the others.

They would be going back for now, but each of his women wanted to stay longer with him.

So for now, they needed Teresa to know everything first.

And maybe hope that she could control her abilities.

"Mom, I have got some gifts for you and Diana too." Vritra said, the five were away from everyone's sight.

"Gifts? Well, it should be us giving you gifts after all, you just married." Vanessa said, before asking seductively, "When would you like to receive your gift?"

"Hmm, soon, very soon. Anyway, this is for you." Vritra spoke as he took out the piece of cloth and handed it to his mother.

"What is this? It is too small to be turned into a dress…" Vanessa looked at the cloth, which was a bit too big to be a handkerchief and too small for any other use.

"Well, Divine gave them to me and told me you can figure it out. It is a weapon and can also increase your strength." Vritra explained.

Vanessa put the cloth away in her inventory.

"Alright, then I will study it later. Thank you, honey." She spoke, giving a soft kiss on his lips.

"And Diana, this is for you." Next, he took out a heavy metallic door, whose size was rather small.

"Is that a toy?" the goddess questioned while tilting her head, only to be surprised by the energy seeping out of it.

"This is called the Tomb of Gods, you too can check it out later." Vritra spoke and handed it to her. "Be careful and tell me if it's anything dangerous."

"Okay, thank you, dear." Diana put away the door, and she too gave a kiss on his lips.

"Foxy and Fiona, I will bring something for you next. That's all I got from Divine for now." Vritra said.

"It's alright, Master, what I want more is you." Maeve wrapped her arms around his body and rubbed her cheek against his chest.

Vritra patted her head, then spoke, "Foxy, how many demon lords are there in total?"

Without leaving his embrace, the fox demon replied, "Master, there are a total of a hundred demon lords serving under the five gods."

She continued after a moment, "There could be a couple more lords who could only be recognized when someone dies among the hundred lords."

"I see. That pig demon is still alive, right?" he asked, remembering the scene from the war.

All other demon lords had died then, but the pig had managed to survive, although barely.

"Yeah, he is one of the strong lords. His strength has grown a lot by now, or so I heard." Maeve answered. Now she was a walking encyclopedia.

Vritra could easily get most information from her.

"I see. It is time to butcher that pig and also take over the demon realms. Let's have some demon lords as pets." Vritra said.

It didn't matter to him whether it was humans or demons, they were all the same to him.

"Alright, just tell me whenever you want. I have all the information about each of them." Maeve said confidently.

"Good job, Foxy. World Information Center is too small for you. Let's make you the Queen of all demons." Vritra said with a faint smile.

"If you are the king, then sure, hehe." The demoness tilted her head up and pressed her lips against his, lingering a few moments longer than his other wives.

Before their lips separated, her tongue sneaked out, giving a light lick against his lips.

"Haa, Fiona…" Vritra turned to the redhead, but she was upset with him for not giving her any time.

Pulling her into his arms, he relaxed into her warmth, mumbling, "I will be going to the Star Realm soon. How about you come with me there?"

"… " Fiona fought back the urge to reply instantly. He had been pouring all his love and care onto Teresa recently.

She wanted it all too. It made her feel so jealous, and so the redhead couldn't just forgive him.

"And if you don't have anything to do, why don't you just stay here with me?" Vritra asked. Fiona was only slightly more mature when it came to him.

"Wouldn't your new wife be upset?" she mumbled, standing in his arms with her cheeks puffed up like a squirrel.

"No. I will tell her everything soon. No matter what, my love for you will never change. Don't tell me you think you are lower in any way than Teresa?" Vritra asked, looking into her eyes.

"Of course I am not." Fiona replied, though she hadn't seen her appearance, so her confidence was a bit low.

"Heh. My lovely Fiona, cheer up. We are getting a new home soon, just for our family." He spoke, trying to make her mood better.

The whole marriage event came too fast. After his return, he didn't even get to spend much time with his wives.

"A house? Where?" Fiona finally seemed a little excited. Living in their own home, just imagining it made her happy.

"That's a secret. I will show it to you once it's ready." Vritra said. He really needed to tell Teresa everything and also find a way so his other wives' presence wouldn't put her in danger.

"Honey, we will be leaving first then." Vanessa, Diana, and Maeve left soon. Unlike Fiona, they had to look over many decisions.

But very soon, they would be free from most such duties. Fiona didn't really participate in small matters, and everyone was too afraid to do anything wrong.

They all feared her too much to even think of trying anything behind her back.

Only Fiona and Vritra were left there now.

"Darling, I want you." Fiona spoke with a needy look.

"Just wait a bit, I—" Vritra was just speaking when suddenly a soft body hit his back.

"Hubby, I am back! Did you miss me?" Yasmine hugged him from behind, charging up her energy meter after having been separated from Vritra for so long.

"Wifey, it's great that you are back. I definitely missed you." Vritra gently pulled Yasmine closer, hugging the two women.

"So when are we going to the Star Realm?" Yasmine asked.

"Tomorrow. Let's all go together." He replied.

"Anyway, so when are you giving time to me and Fiona? I understand Teresa needs more of your time for now, but you gotta give us some time too, no?" Yasmine said. She couldn't delay things.

"I know, and I will give you time." Vritra said. Having so many relationships was actually a bit tough.

But he was happy nonetheless.

"Let's go, I will ask them to arrang—" Vritra was just speaking when Yasmine interrupted.

"There is no need. I would rather be in the fourth dimension, staying close to you."

"Me too. I also want to be close to you, darling." Fiona said, pressing her lips against his cheek in a sensual kiss.

Yasmine followed, kissing his other cheek.

"Okay, okay, I will do as you wish." Vritra sighed, allowing them to enter the fourth dimension.

Now it seemed as if two ghosts, two beautiful ghosts, were constantly revolving around him, but who was he to complain.

❖❖❖