Chapter 618 A Nice Present [R-18]

After getting filled and orgasming several times, Yennefer lay to the side, resting for a bit.

Her belly was so full of his hot semen, she enjoyed this feeling.

Before Vritra's cock could have even gotten soft, Vanessa took hold of it and jerked it.

As she felt it harden in her grasp, she smiled and shifted softly, without pulling her nipple out of his mouth.

All his wives knew their turn would come soon, so none of them were in a hurry. Not to mention, watching these scenes increased their excitement.

Vanessa pushed him back, her soft body pressing against his, as she sat in a very seductive way.

She squatted down while leaning forward, her ass descending slowly, as his cock softly slid into her tight pussy.

"Haa, honey, I love you…" Vanessa mumbled, loving the feeling of fullness.

Her insides were stretched to the max. Placing one palm over his chest and the other over her thigh, she began to move her waist.

Vanessa's ass swallowed his cock with each push, her moans growing louder.

Teresa looked on with a bright red face, this seemed so lewd.

It wasn't long before Vanessa had her insides filled up.

Finally, it was Fiona's turn.

Vritra pulled her arm as their lips met in a passionate kiss. He rolled over, pressed her soft body under his, and his penis pressed against her entrance.

"Anngggg~"

In an instant, the entire length of his dick disappeared inside her body and then Vritra began to move back and forth.

Her breasts were pressed against his chest, hard nipples rubbing against his skin.

Her moans came out muffled. The redhead felt each of his strong thrusts, the tip reaching deep inside her and hitting just the right spots.

And so, it continued.

Each of the women was filled by Vritra, before taking a short rest.

It wasn't long before even Yasmine went to join. For now, Teresa was only an observer, she would have a special first time.

Teresa watched for a while, but Vritra and the six women continued one round after another.

Hours passed just like that, and with their increased endurance, each of them lasted longer.

Vritra had to even shift his plan off by a day because of his hungry wives.

After watching for some time, Teresa could no longer sit there, she left after making some excuse.

Her cheeks felt like they were burning, she busied herself with preparations to upgrade the device that was stopping the snow and spores.

…

It was already past midnight of the next day when Vritra had finally defeated them all.

Yasmine again had lasted the longest, but in the end he won.

After which, they just slept for the remainder of the night.

After waking up the next morning, they all freshened up and got dressed.

Vritra informed them about the surprise he was planning for them, but to see it they would have to wait till night.

"Yenni, there is a special surprise I have planned especially for you." Vritra said, standing behind his beautiful wife, hugging her waist.

"When can I see it?" she asked, leaning back into his touch.

"Actually, if you are ready, I can take you there immediately." He said, kissing her neck.

"Really? Then let's go!" the empress turned, pressing her lips against his and giving a gentle kiss.

"Alright then, let's go. Well, you all can come along if you want." Vritra said, looking at his other wives.

Maeve already knew what Vritra had planned, so she was pretty calm while the others were very curious about it.

After getting ready, the group of eight flew out of the house.

'Will it be alright for Tess to go there though?' Maeve turned to look at Vritra, after all, the scene would be pretty bloody.

'…It's fine, she needs to get used to it all now. Even if I protect her, there might come a time when she is forced to make hard choices.' Vritra said. Although he would very much like Teresa to just stay innocent like that, the world just wouldn't allow it.

'Alright, master.' Maeve nodded, the entire conversation taking place in their minds.

The eight paused outside the house, then Vritra opened a portal which directly connected to a realm in his dimensional book.

Curiously, they all stepped inside, and instantly their eyes widened in surprise.

Yennefer was especially shocked.

There were so many demons trapped inside, even all hundred of the demon lords.

"H- Husband, this…?!!" Yennefer didn't even know what to ask.

"I promised you I would help you slaughter all the demons, so here they are. You are free to kill whoever and however many you want." Vritra smiled.

Now that she had become a demi god, she could easily find and kill them all herself, but the empress still felt touched.

"Thank you, husband." She moved closer to Vritra, hugging him tightly.

She was ready to give up even her goal for him, but he never really wanted that.

This brought back some past memories, but she just sighed. Thankfully, she recognized her mistake and didn't let her pride stop her from chasing Vritra.

"It's fine, deal with them however you like. Except for one demon lord, all the others are here." Vritra said, patting her head.

"Will this really be fine? Those gods won't cause trouble, right?" Yennefer looked at him. Although she badly wanted to slaughter all the demons, she didn't want her husband to bear its heavy toll.

"No, it is fine, go ahead." Vritra nodded reassuringly.

Yennefer nodded and turned towards the demons. Most were trembling in fear while a few were still unconscious.

The demon lords instantly recognised the empress and began to beg.

Most of the demons knew about her grudge against them, why she hated them, and what the demons had done to her family.

They were absolutely terrified, but all they could do was beg, there was no chance of escape, let alone retaliation.

A blade made of thunder suddenly formed in Yennefer's hand as she looked chillingly at the demons.

Just as she raised her hand, lightning thundered and descended over all the demons.

ZRRRRRRR

The ground and air shook violently, but the realm held on. As Vritra's strength grew, all his skills became stronger.

All the demons were suddenly struck with lightning. Of course, this wouldn't kill them, she wasn't going to let them die so easily.

As his other wives looked on, the torture began as all the demons started to run around in panic.

The demon lords were having it the roughest, their incredible healing speed now seemed like a curse.

"It seems this is going to take a while." Vritra watched them for a while, then turned and spoke:

"Mom, Fiona, Diana, let's go somewhere else."

"Where?" Fiona asked in surprise.

"…" Vritra just smiled as he created another portal, gesturing for them to enter.

Without asking any more questions, the three stepped into the portal and disappeared.

Yennefer was still busy killing the demons, while Teresa, Maeve, and Yasmine just watched the scene.

"Master, should we come too?" she asked, a smile on her beautiful face.

"Hmm, sure, but I will give you a signal, it will be more fun that way." Vritra said. After a minute, he too entered the portal.

❖❖❖