Chapter 333: The Short Interrogation!!

"...You want to interrogate them? In private?" Chopper asked in surprise at Vritra’s sudden request.

"Yeah, just let me interrogate two of them. Even if they die, you would still have two others left," Vritra said, pointing to the four newly captured men from the Bone Blood Cult.

"Uh, you interrogating them and even torturing is fine with me, but can’t you do it in front of us?"

Chopper asked, while Duffus, the giant man, scratched his head, wondering what was going on.

"No." Vritra just refused and didn’t give any explanation.

Chopper stared at him for a whole minute, then he sighed helplessly and shrugged.

"Fine, do as you wish, just try to leave them alive."

"Alright, I will do my best to not kill them, but no promises," Vritra said, a faint smile on his face.

"Sigh... Duffus, come with me."

Soon, Chopper and Duffus made their way out of the room, leaving Vritra along with five Bone Blood Cult bastards.

"Now, shall we get started?" Vritra spoke as he snapped his fingers and checked the torturing tools in the room.

"Ha! You are not going to get anything out of us, no matter what you try. And soon everyone in the town is going to die, hahaha..."

"Huh, isn’t it that bastard the boss told us to kill?" one of the men spoke out loud.

"Oh right, he is Vritra. Blunder especially told us to make sure he is dead and in the most painful ways, kekeke— we found him so easily, so the emp—"

The other man suddenly paused while speaking.

Vritra listened to them without saying anything as he chose a weapon while humming a song to himself.

Picking up a hammer with two sharp and pointed hooks on its back, Vritra approached one of the men.

"Hahaha, look, Mr. Scary is here to bring questions out of us. We have been tortured several times more in our cult than what you people could ever do—" a horse‑faced man spoke.

Without saying a word, Vritra swung the hammer lazily.

The hooks connected with the side of the horse‑faced man, cracking his skull and ripping his skin, as Vritra sliced and scooped out the upper part of both his eyeballs.

Instantly, loud and painful screams filled the room; all the others shivered at this brutality.

Duffus’ torture was child’s play compared to Vritra’s; he didn’t even ask anything and began to strip their skin mercilessly.

Jerking the skin and eyeballs off the hammer, Vritra nodded in satisfaction and then picked a peeler.

Again, without any question, he pulled the arm of the horse‑faced man and began to mercilessly pull his skin.

"Ughh— Aaaggghhhhhh— S-Stop— Uwaaaaaaaah!" Just the screams made the other men shiver; it was such a bloody scene.

Vritra continued to hum the song while continuing to peel at the same place as even his flesh began to come off.

...

Outside, all the people fell silent as they felt their hearts tremble upon hearing those inhumane screams.

They gulped and thanked God that they didn’t have to go through such a thing.

"Will it be okay?" Lisa asked, worried that the other Bone Blood Cult members might try to take revenge for this.

"Yeah, it should be... probably." Chopper shrugged.

As minutes ticked by, the screams only became louder and more broken.

Vritra didn’t leave a single torture tool unused in the room; he even crushed the crotch of the horse‑faced man with the heavy, ball‑crushing metal ball.

Just after ten minutes, one of the four men couldn’t take it and spoke out loud:

"J-Just ask whatever you want. Why aren’t you e-even asking anything?"

Vritra ignored their pleas as he picked the bowl of burning hot fluid and poured it on the horse‑faced man’s body.

Then, with a big scissor, he cut off each of his fingers before chopping flesh off his arm slowly.

***

The entire torture only lasted nearly twenty minutes, and finally the screams died down.

The people outside were sweating heavily, their hearts thumping as if they could almost feel the pain themselves.

Finally, the door opened and Vritra walked out, covered in blood. Wiping his hands with a cloth, he looked at all the people.

There was a small smile on his face; traces of blood were present on his clothes and cheek, and his handsome face suddenly looked so terrifying.

"O-Oh, are you done already? It seems you have quite the experience in torturing people," Chopper said, wiping his forehead.

"Not really, I was just trying all the tools you have kept inside. Anyway, those guys were quite tough; they wouldn’t open their mouths no matter what I did, so I gave up in the end," Vritra said, releasing a sigh before adding:

"But I found out that they could contact the outside world rather easily. Haa, I am feeling a bit hungry, so I will be returning home."

Then he turned and started walking towards his home; there was no change in his behavior.

After he left, all the people walked into the town hall and then into the torturing room.

The moment they entered, their bellies churned with disgust, and all of them felt goosebumps.

Only one person was dead; there was blood all over the ground, side walls, and even the ceiling.

Pieces of bones, flesh, and organs were scattered around. The horse‑faced man’s corpse was in such a bad condition that more than half of the people vomited.

"Ughh, h-how could he even think of eating after doing something like this? I can’t eat anything for a few days now..."

One of the boys muttered. Suddenly, Vritra seemed quite frightening, like a psycho; thankfully he was not an enemy.

...

Vritra arrived at home. Yennifer had already prepared food for them and was waiting for him.

As soon as Vritra entered, she came to the front door to welcome him but paused, seeing the blood.

"A-Are you alright? Did you get hurt?"

She hastily got close, her heart thumping faster, and an uncomfortable feeling spread in her chest.

"No, I am fine. This isn’t my blood; I was just interrogating a member of the Bone Blood Cult," Vritra said, walking into the house.

"Oh! You mean the ones they captured earlier? Did you find anything?" she asked, getting close and wiping the blood from his cheek.

"Yeah, they had found some way to easily contact their organization, and also something that allows them to walk around at night for a little time; that’s why they weren’t attacked by the abominations when they broke the windows," Vritra explained.

Then he continued, "And as you might already be thinking, they especially came here to kill you. Though they probably don’t know where exactly you are, or if you are still alive."

Yennifer nodded; after all, it was a good idea for her to still cover her face and identity.

If Vritra hadn’t suggested it, then with her attitude she would never hide her identity.

"Uh, but I am sure it won’t be hard for them to locate me if they just kidnap someone in the town and ask them about the newcomers in the town," Yennifer added.

Now, day and night were equally dangerous for her.

And she wasn’t arrogant enough to think that even without her strength she could defeat them all.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...