Chapter 713 Clap

BOOOOOOM

With a loud explosion, blades of blood struck all the ones who were attacking Vritra.

Though only two were hurt, the rest three either dodged or were just unaffected by physical attacks.

'Tsk These people's strength is also quite diverse, it is hard to fight a group.' He thought, sending out spiritual bursts.

It shook only two again, while the rest three were somewhat immune.

Hands transforming into giant blades, Vritra struck the two who were hurt earlier, appearing in front of them with a flash.

All his attributes were at the top, any attack that landed on his body wasn't as effective.

And with his blood form, the others were finding it impossible to hurt him at all.

CLANG

Vritra's hand cut through the body of one while the other barely blocked it, before being thrown back.

[You have obtained a blue crystal!]

Just as he was about to launch another attack the entire maze started to shake violently, and cracks appeared in the walls and air.

'Shit, it can't hold on!' Vritra ignored these opponents and quickly flew back towards his family.

And just as he expected in the next few seconds the maze broke apart.

Then the man with hammers on his hands was revealed kneeling in the sky, he was the reason behind it.

Actually his ability was more than just strength, he could break anything, whether it be a barrier or anyone's defences.

So, he could hurt even Vritra pretty badly.

Vritra stopped beside his family, still in his blood form as he looked around.

There were still more than forty criminals around, all looking at them with maniacal expressions.

They didn't care how many of them had been killed already, only one thought was present in their minds.

To kill!

"We have played enough by your rules, now it's your turn to enter our game." The hammer creature spoke in a heavy voice.

He stood up, as a dark fluid rose from under his feet then it transformed into a new sort of creature.

It was black and green, body like a jelly and body structure similar to the hammer guy.

"Trap them!" the hammer guy muttered, a twisted smile present on his face.

GUU GUU GUU GUU

Suddenly the black green creature releasing strange noises broke apart, countless clones like the hammer guy appeared.

And they were all trapped inside a big hall that was made completely from the body of that jelly like creature.

The enormous hall was dimly lit and only green light was present.

"Wifey, stay back, let me handle them. As for you all, just defend and try to find a way out." Vritra spoke slowly, the situation had just been flipped.

Fighting so many creatures despite their weaknesses wouldn't be easy even for him.

"Don't worry husband, we are going to support you as much as we can." Teresa said, a faint smile on her face under the veil.

Vritra nodded, creating hundreds of blood clones in the next moment.

GUU GUU GUU

The clones of the hammer guy suddenly started jumping towards the group, it was obvious that they couldn't copy the real abilities.

The eyes of all the Vritra's clones glowed brightly, flames bursting around their bodies, as they too transformed using the Evomorph.

Being able to produce so many clones was one of Neil's abilities.

Then he created a bubble around his family, their attacks could go outside but the attacks from outside would be hindered.

After which, he used the Domain that he obtained from Morgan, his abilities instantly growing stronger.

And finally he planned to use Morgan's ability to turn others into his puppets, as dozens of invisible threads shot out.

He couldn't take them lightly, all of them had various sets of skills and were clearly very experienced in killing.

CLAP

Just as the invisible threads connected with various of the prisoners, Vritra felt danger from behind.

He quickly jumped away, but was not fast enough.

A box like creature that was rotating quickly suddenly flashed behind him, it was teleportation.

And clearly someone else had teleported it.

The corner of the box creature slashed at Vritra's back, despite the armor and his defences, it actually cut through his skin.

Leaving behind a deep wound, making blood burst out for a second.

Not even his blood form was able to stop that attack.

Vritra frowned as he stopped the blood from flowing, stabbing with the spear that suddenly appeared in his hand.

CLAP

Again, he sensed danger and just jumped away at full speed, as another creature flashed in front of him.

Thankfully, Vritra reacted in time, as he almost got cut by the pincers of a strange looking creature.

'Who here has the ability to use teleportation?' with a deep frown he observed the area around.

The wound on his back was healing very slowly, it was also because of that space user.

Pouncing towards a short creature, Vritra stabbed the spear towards his face, while using spiritual burst.

CLAP

But at the last second, the creature just disappeared and a painful groan sounded from the distance.

The short creature was teleported away.

Vritra paused and carefully observed them all, there were still more than forty creatures in the battle.

He attacked another, speed bursting wildly and almost stabbed the spear into the head of another.

CLAP

Again that sound came and it was teleported away but among all the forty or so creatures none of them had done it.

'Then where is it?'

The opponents didn't give him any time to think, dozens of attacks were launched at him from all directions.

Vritra had no way to retaliate, all he could do was dodge and block, barely stopping them from cutting him.

Teresa, Maeve and all the others supported him behind the bubble, doing their best to stop all attacks before reaching him.

Vritra's blood clones were fighting against the black green clones of the hammer guy.

While the leader of the prisoners, the hammer creature itself was just standing at the back observing everything.

Suddenly, the smile on his face grew, he enjoyed it more when the enemy was broken mentally before physically.

And he had just found the perfect way to do that.

Vritra who had just dodged another attack noticed the big guy moving rapidly, it was heading straight towards the bubble.

'Not good!' he too flew at full speed in the hammer guy's direction, his hands waving around with madness, blocking all the attacks.

"Kekeke It is getting fun!" he grinned, raising both his hands, he struck the bubble.

But at the last second, he was covered by an invisible room that froze his body, as everyone inside the bubble heaved a sigh of relief.

CLAP

BOOOOM!

Before they could react, the leader was teleported to the other side of the bubble and his heavy arms bursting with strength landed on the bubble.

It shook violently as thin cracks spread quickly, Vritra had spent even more energy into it.

And since its size was smaller so it was even more powerful, yet it was almost broken apart.

Vritra felt way angrier towards the sneaky bastard who was hiding and using the teleporting ability.

Kicking a creature away he appeared before the hammer guy and struck him with the spear.

CLAP

But at the last second, even the spear disappeared from his hand.

"kek goodbye, you are too weak." The hammer guy's hand struck Vritra's body with immense force, it shook the space.

CLAP

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios