Chapter 519 Family Time

The demoness looked around.

Comparing her demon realm to this place, Maeve could only sigh.

"O Oh so you are the dragon empress!" her gaze then landed on Yasmine. Maeve had heard a lot about her, but this was the first time she was actually meeting her.

Though the fox demon did see her once during the war.

"Hello Maeve, just call me Yasmine."

"You are finally back!" Vanessa had a smile on her face as she gave Yasmine a hug. Diana and Fiona followed.

The three had quite a close bond already.

"Thank you Mom, Diana and Fiona." Yasmine was just as happy to finally meet her family.

"…" Fiona silently went to Vritra's side and held his hand, only then did she feel a little better.

"Have you already reclaimed your position?" the goddess asked. They were ready to help if needed.

"Yes, thanks to hubby, it all went really smoothly." Yasmine said.

Gazing at his women, Vritra wondered how much their strengths differed.

'First will be Yasmine and Fiona, especially with the Undead Mythic halo, then Mom and Diana and Maeve at third place.' He roughly estimated.

Of course if they were to actually fight seriously, the result might differ slightly.

"Now how about we go for a tour of this kingdom, there is a lot I want to show you all." Yasmine said, she was really happy to have such a good family.

The dragoness was no longer alone, only if Yennefer was here as well, then their family would be truly complete.

…

The group then travelled to different parts of the enormous dragon kingdom, as Yasmine excitedly brought them over to all the places with special memories.

They ate together, staying in a big room of the new palace together.

Vritra decided to use this free time to give more attention to his family, thankfully there was no danger yet.

Though he was still keeping a close eye on many of the dragons, to ensure Yasmine's safety.

At night Vritra was even busier as he had to satisfy several ladies, out of them, the dragoness would go for the highest number of rounds.

The next couple of days actually passed peacefully, Yasmine worked too but she spent most of her time with her family.

On the night of the third day, Vritra sensed something buzzing in his inventory.

Taking it out he found it to be a communication glyph, he was getting a message from Gunter.

Lying over his bed, naked under the sheets along with all his women after another long passionate session.

He opened the message and heard it.

"Art, can you return tomorrow? Actually we will be leaving to meet the Ford family tomorrow and your presence is necessary." Gunter said before his worried voice sounded: "Cough And you are fine right, contact me immediately if you are in any problem."

On the other hand, Vritra just sent an 'Okay', before putting the glyph away.

In the Yate family, he actually had a good image of Gunter in mind.

"You will be leaving again tomorrow?" Fiona asked, the corners of her lips sinking, she looked so cute and beautiful.

"Hmm I need to find about Yenni, I know she is safe for now but for how long? I have to hurry." Vritra replied, kissing her forehead and pulling her closer.

"Mhmm" Fiona nodded, he had already explained the whole story to them.

"For now, we will be returning to our cities. Now that you are back, we need to change several things and use less aggressive approach." Vanessa mumbled, her boobs pressing against Vritra's cheek.

In the last couple of days, he had certainly drunk his fill of his favourite milk.

This was definitely one of the things he had missed most.

"I will leave my wraiths with you all just in case." Vritra added.

They continued to chat for a while longer and soon fell asleep, comfortably and in each other's warmth.

The news of Yasmine's return had spread like wildfire, whether it be inside the dragon kingdom or in the outside world.

By now almost everyone knew that the supposedly dead empress was back.

She took over the dragon realm within minutes, her name still brought the same level of fear to all.

The people of the kingdom were overjoyed, although Yasmine's punishments were very harsh but their lives were much better.

And they didn't need to be afraid as long as they didn't commit any crimes.

They thanked gods that Dago was gone and the most talented entity to ever exist was back.

All organizations had different reactions to her return, some were happy, some apathetic, while many seemed to hate it.

The demons didn't react immediately in any way.

Nor did anyone else attack, but many did send gifts.

***

The next day, they woke up late, ate together and spent a few hours and only then Fiona, Diana, Maeve and Vanessa left.

They all demanded a long passionate kiss with Vritra before leaving.

"Hubby, I am going to go with you." Yasmine said, the kingdom was important but it was important only because she was preparing it for him.

Now that she has her physical body, the dragoness still wanted to be with him.

"Alright, you can come with me, but you still need to be hidden." Vritra added, not hearing her voice in his mind also felt a bit strange after all this time.

"Okay, I just want to be with you. And others can handle the business here while I am away." Yasmine smiled ear to ear, clinging to him.

She gave a few instructions to various dragons, Rago was now her most loyal follower so she left him in charge.

…

Finally, the two left the dragon kingdom. Instead of using a portal or teleportation, the couple flew towards the Yate realm.

"Haa nothing beat a belly full of your hot cum hubby." Yasmine muttered while rubbing her belly, she had made it a mission to have herself filled the first thing in the morning.

She needed to be the first in one thing at least.

Vritra rolled his eyes as they continued to fly, even without flying at full speed they arrived at their destination in an hour.

"Alright, time for you to hide wifey." Vritra said and used his dimensional book, making her presence disappear.

It was like she had entered the fourth dimension, she was around him but could only see and hear things, others couldn't sense her at all.

"Let's go hubby, after this we will go get our answers from the Star realm." Yasmine said excitedly, now she finally felt at ease.

This way, she can still accompany him like before.

Passing through the portal, Vritra arrived into the Yate realm.

Several guards were already waiting for him on the other side.

"Young master, Monarch had asked us to bring you somewhere." One of the guards stepped forward and spoke respectfully.

"Lead the way." Vritra said, the softness and warmth he had while being with his family disappeared.

His empathy towards the people had disappeared the day he was attacked by so many lords, even watching that dreadful act of fake Vanessa being killed.

Following the guards, he soon arrived in a market, where the shops looked especially expensive.

"Why are we here?" he questioned.

"We don't know, Monarch is inside this shop, he asked you to come meet him as soon as you are back." The guard replied.

❖❖❖