Chapter 655 To The Riverdel

Vritra created a rope made of blood that instantly stabbed into Junior and Xander's feet as they screamed in pain.

Then walking over the dozens of dead bodies, he walked out of the hall and headed towards the inner area.

He could hear distant growling noises, there seemed to be many wolves present in this base.

Soon Vritra arrived in front of a big iron door, with a kick, it flew away.

Instantly screams of several people sounded, hundreds of survivors were trapped inside, all hurled together.

They were scared as blinding light entered, the people looked thin and had wounds on their bodies.

These people were really treating them all as nothing more than slaves or food for wolves.

"Calm down." Vritra's loud voice reverberated across the big space.

They all quieted down, still filled with fear and looked at the people as their eyes adjusted to the light.

Finally they saw Vritra who was dragging along two guys, and upon seeing them, everyone gasped.

Many people had been fed to the wolves, all sorts of other crimes committed, all the people here were treated worse than animals.

And these two were the main culprits, their shock soon turned into rage.

"These two have been beaten by me, here do whatever you want to him." Vritra said as he tossed Junior forward.

The people were still fearful at first, but then one person roared like a beast and rushed forward.

He started kicking and punching Junior, who screamed and tried to block the strikes.

Soon, others' rage overtook and they began to hit Junior too, tearing his body apart.

Xander was frightened by how badly Junior was getting beaten, his arms were torn, skin ripped away.

Though it was still light for his crimes.

Vritra then dragged Xander away, taking him towards the place where the wolves were locked.

Xander was overjoyed inside, if he could get close to the wolves, he would use his strongest weapon against these people.

He felt the wolves could definitely kill this bunch, so he pretended to be more miserable.

Pausing outside, Vritra glanced at his mother, who nodded and used her hypnosis to control Xander.

They didn't plan to kill the wolves, which is why Vritra was being careful otherwise, he would just kill them all directly.

He kicked the door open as more than forty grown wolves appeared, all growling towards the group.

But they instantly calmed down as Vanessa made Xander use his ability then taking the command of all twenty of them.

"Honey, it's done." Vanessa said with a smile, even if this place was dangerous.

She would rather be here with her son instead of staying at Zoratian planet and worrying about him.

She could even support him.

"Onest, can you throw him into that place too?" Vritra said, gazing at the wolves who were all at least as tall as him.

There were many carriages too, so for the moment the problem of transport was resolved.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 87.7)

(Agility: 90.8)

(Endurance: 90.3)

(Spiritual: 100)

{Free Attribute: 0}

』

{Sin Points: 14,924}

He glanced at his stats, after killing all the men here and the mutants on the way to this place, there was a significant increase.

He was pretty close to reaching the 100 mark.

Then he could use the ascension path, he could still do it since one of his attributes had reached 100 but doing it later would be more beneficial.

Onest dragged the screaming Xander who felt extreme headache and couldn't even activate his skill.

Soon, the survivors tortured by him tore his flesh to pieces, giving him every bit of pain they felt.

"Husband, I guess it is time we head to the next city, these wolves are pretty fast." Yennefer muttered, gazing at the big mutants.

"Yeah but for us, just eight would be enough. What should we do with the rest?" Vritra wondered.

He wondered if he should just use them to get sin points, but it would be a waste.

"T- Thank you for saving us…" the people finally walked out of the large hall and knelt before Vritra.

They knew he must be very strong if he cleared this whole base and he was the only one who could help them.

"Hmmm does any of you know where the military base is located?" he turned and asked.

"Y- Yes I do…" one guy stood up quickly, there were many who knew its destination in the group.

"C- Can we join you? We can do whatever work you want…" the people pleaded, but there was no way Vritra could take them all around.

"Sorry but you would be killed faster if you were to stay with me. Anyway, if you would like you can stay here or go to the military base, that place is safe. Some of the wolves can take you there."

Vritra said firmly, no matter how pitiful they were, there was no way he could bring them along.

None of them wanted to stay in this cursed place where many had lost their family members.

All of them decided to use the wolves to reach the military base, and with their speed, they could arrive very quickly.

The trip would still be dangerous, but it was better than being slaves to those wolves' guys.

Shitless and Onest helped them as they took the remaining wolves and carriages.

After those survivors were gone, only the ten of them remained.

"Let's head out as well, according to the map, the next city is Riverdel." Vritra said, as he looked at the two carriages.

One was for him and his wives which had six wolves while the other for Shitless and Onest which had two wolves.

Vritra's carriage could be pulled by fewer wolves but he took extra, just in case.

Without wasting any time, they got into the carriages and Vanessa ordered the wolves to start running.

The sound obviously attracted a lot of mutants but it was perfect for Vritra to earn sin points and get stronger.

The woman who had come secretly to see everything had stayed out all this time.

And upon seeing the victims leave and then Vritra's group emerge she was completely shocked.

Then joy flashed across her eyes. Just these few had really annihilated the whole group.

She stood up quickly and ran back, she had to bring this good news to others.

…

A couple hours after they had left, Butcher brought the player and his big group to the wolves' base.

But the entrance was wide open and the stench of blood was evident.

The player frowned, scaring Butcher as he quickly said:

"X- Xander, the leader and person who could control the wolves probably fed some people to his wolves, that's why it smells haha…"

As they walked into the underground base, the expressions of the people changed as torn and bloodied corpses lay all over the place.

Inside the hall, they found pieces of Xander's body, he was hardly recognizable.

"T- That's… he was fine just earlier, I chatted with him, it doesn't look like the work of a mutant." He muttered fearfully, shaking in terror.

All his bravado from before was gone.

"Hmm it looks like the work of a human, it might be that powerful guy I heard about." The player frowned, but seeing the faint tracks, he fell into deep thoughts.

One track led towards the Riverdel city while the other was opposite, so that guy was trying to fool him.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... 