Chapter 392: Future Slave

After beating his two underlings, the one-eyed general finally stopped, then he put away the whip and began to walk forward.

Fratty and Trall followed behind the general, their wounds closing quickly.

"S- So General, what’s your plan for the future?" Trall asked carefully.

"Hoo, we are going to recruit a future demon lord." The general answered, before continuing: "Vritra, everyone knows he is definitely going to be a demon lord in the future.

But right now he is very weak, if we protect and recruit him now then imagine in the future, a demon lord would be my underling, kneeling in front of me kukuku."

"Ohhh! As expected of our great general, demon lord as our slave, but where are we going to find this Vritra guy? It’s not like he would pop up right in front of us when everyone else is busy finding him."

Fratty said, his wings on the verge of giving up.

"Let’s go to the Ghazi city, if we are lucky we might find him there." The general, this was the most difficult part, finding him.

Only if they could find him, then recruiting him would be easy with his strength, and then he would have a bright future.

"Hehe, let’s get the demon lord!" Trall shouted, only to turn silent and stare into the distance, as explosive sounds rang out.

"Shh... there are people ahead." The three hid and secretly began to watch.

***

Vritra had just been blasted back as Maeve used her full strength; as usual, he didn’t sustain any injuries.

After he stabilized his body, Vritra once again looked at the status panel.

[Charged Fist: 0.08%]

For some reason, even when she had used her full strength, the number didn’t go up too much.

If he didn’t possess Divine’s Physique, then this skill would have been pretty useless.

Just as he was about to ask for the next round, Vritra and Maeve both sensed three presences not too far away in the forest.

"Hmm, they are weak, should I go take care of them?"

"..." Vritra focused and found out that the three were demons, one of them was even a general, but with his strength he could easily handle them now.

"No, it’s fine, I will take care of them—"

But before he could make a move, another person flashed a few meters away from Maeve, a crazy look on his face.

"Hah, found you!"

***

The entire palace had been destroyed by the gift Vritra had left behind.

Since most of the strongest guards were busy with other tasks, they weren’t able to protect the building itself.

There were many important people in the party; thankfully no one got hurt nor did anyone suspect the emperor of anything.

They too believed it was done by demons and Vritra, just as the news said.

Although a vast amount of wealth had been wasted with the enormous castle being turned into rubble, for someone like Darius, it wouldn’t be hard to make another even grander palace.

Countless men and women had already started the work; with their efficiency and abilities, nearly half of the castle’s structure was already built.

Darius sat over his throne, watching the reports; on a seat not far away from him was his younger brother, Griffith.

After the wedding night, Darius tried to look for Yennefer but she was nowhere to be found.

Who knows what happened that she even gave up on such a golden opportunity to kill a demon lord.

’I wonder what could be more important for her than to kill the creatures she hates more than anything.’ Darius thought, while absentmindedly staring at the papers.

"Emperor." Green Claw knelt in front of Darius, greeting him respectfully.

"Have you found her?" he questioned; behind the emperor was Han, who was also quite worried about Yennefer.

"No, maybe she has gone somewhere as usual, hunting demons." Green Claw answered.

He wasn’t all that worried; what could even happen to someone like the empress?

Being from the same family, he had obtained countless benefits inside the palace; even the position he obtained there was all because of his family name.

"Hmm, keep searching." Darius said before busying himself with other work.

’Yennefer, are you okay?’ Han sighed; although this was her usual personality, he had a feeling that something was different this time.

Green Claw bowed again before standing up and walking out of there. Griffith excused himself and hurriedly followed behind Green Claw.

After walking enough distance away, the two stopped.

"Have you obtained what I asked you to?" Griffith asked in a whisper.

"Yes prince, it is ready. Sigh, I had to go through so much trouble just to finish this task, please take better care of me in the future."

Green Claw spoke, as he took out something from his storage.

"Keke, don’t you worry; irrespective of success or failure, I will remember this favour." Griffith said as he took the glass-like cubical glyph.

This glyph alone was quite valuable, as it could allow its user to teleport to a certain location once. But what made it so much more precious was its another ability.

Inside the glass glyph, a single drop of blood could be seen, hovering inside it.

This blood belonged to Maeve, and by using this glyph, Griffith would be able to teleport close to her.

"Hahaha, very good, excellent, this is great! Green Fang or whatever, I will definitely remember you." Griffith laughed maniacally.

He had a really bad reputation around the entire continent.

Everyone knew he was a eunuch before, but even after getting the tool, he could never get excited.

But only upon seeing that demonic being did he experience what excitement, love and lust is.

He wanted to get her, keep her hidden from the world.

Her otherworldly beauty, those graceful movements, everything about her was too tempting.

Griffith wanted her very badly but since Yennefer was going to kill him he could do nothing but give up on his first love.

But now he finally got a chance, all thanks to the strange green guy.

Not only did he arrange for the Blood Call glyph but even gave him a drop of Maeve’s blood.

"Uh, I am Green Claw, anyway, I will be waiting to hear good news.

And don’t worry, this secret will stay only between the two of us. Go and turn that demon into your slave." He encouraged, imagining an even brighter future ahead.

"Yeah yeah, I will find you after I am done with this." Griffith said casually. Of course after he had caught Maeve, how could he let this guy live?

After thinking for a while, and making sure that he was completely prepared, Griffith injected a little of his mana into the glyph and disappeared.

...

"Hah, found you!" Griffith shouted, his face breaking into a twisted grin, as he stared maniacally at the gorgeous and voluptuous Fox demon.

Maeve was surprised at first, but then frowned. She knew a little about this guy, and she definitely didn’t have a good impression of him.

"So you came alone?" the space around Maeve’s body was filled with a deadly pressure, as her eyes began to glow, letting out intense killing intent.

It seemed these pathetic humans were underestimating her too much, or maybe he thought she would still be injured.

But now, he had just walked up to his death.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...