Chapter 124: A pig

Within a few minutes, Vritra arrived back at the temple. Since his entire body was covered in blood, he stepped out of the fourth dimension straight into his bathroom.

Vanessa was sitting on the bed and reading a book. She loved reading, and this new world had a whole new collection for her. When she heard the sound of water, she was surprised at first but soon relaxed upon sensing that it was Vritra.

"Honey, are you alright?" she called out, wondering how and why he went directly into the bathroom.

"Yes, I am fine, mom," Vritra replied as he removed the scent of blood from his body completely and threw the dirty clothes into his inventory.

Soon, he walked out of there completely refreshed. He stopped in front of his mother and just slumped down into her lap, hugging her waist tightly while his head rested over her thigh.

Vanessa caressed his head lovingly, as she set aside the book and asked again, "Are you really alright?"

"...Yes, I am fine, just a bit tired. Let me get a nap," Vritra replied. He closed his eyes and felt his body relax, feeling her warmth.

"Sure, don’t worry about a thing and rest," she whispered and continued to move her fingers through his long, smooth hair.

...

Vritra slept for a couple of hours. The nap really refreshed his mind; Vanessa’s presence was especially relaxing.

After waking up, Vanessa began to prepare lunch for the both of them, while Vritra sat alone at the dining table, deep in his own thoughts.

’Now I want a bit of peaceful time. Just training with mom, taming Diana, saving Fiona, and of course talking with my naughty wifey,’ he thought. He had taken too many lives in just a span of two days.

First the Nine Pacts, then the Dawn Minion, and those guards. Even if all of them deserved to die for what they had done, it still left a strange feeling behind. But Vritra knew he would have to kill much more in the future, so he allowed himself to completely drown in and get used to such feelings.

"And the food is ready." Vanessa smiled and set the food for Vritra before taking her seat. Then she rested her chin over her hands and asked, "Eat and tell me how it tastes."

"..." Vritra nodded and tested all the dishes. As his taste buds exploded, he answered while eating, "Mom, this is great. Just perfect."

"Haha, eat slowly." Vanessa giggled as she watched him eat everything. After a moment, she asked, "I have always been curious about something. How did you get the goddess to help you? She was so haughty before, but now she is... well, like a well-behaved puppy."

"GULP. Well, somehow I was able to have control over her life and death, so she has no choice but to obey me," Vritra answered without stopping.

"Oh, hehe, that’s good. I hated how she talked to you when we arrived here and wanted to give her a few hard slaps. Make sure you tame her good. She still seems a bit rebellious," Vanessa said with an evil smile.

"Hmm yes, I will, mom. Soon you’ll have to go with her to another kingdom, and I’ll follow behind you separately," Vritra reminded her, and Vanessa nodded.

The two talked for a while longer, then they took a walk around the temple together, spending some wholesome time while just talking without a worry about anything.

Vanessa went back to the temple after that while Vritra decided to pay a visit to the training area, to meet his good friend Max. After a thought, he sent Bobby to finish off all the people remaining from the Nine Pacts in their hideout—mostly the doctors were left now.

Most of their victims were in very bad states and had no chance of survival, after being injected with unknown fluids or being torn apart to have other creatures’ limbs added to their bodies.

Bobby had easily killed those weak doctors, and after the huge commotion, the Golden Moon arrived there to rescue the victims.

******

As Vritra had expected, the act of him killing all those members of the Nine Pacts had caused a big commotion. Although they were just low-level members, they were still part of the organization.

Not to mention, their experiments were interrupted and a huge treasure was stolen from right under their noses. The Golden Moon had suffered a loss in the Divine Tomb too, but almost all their members were fine, so they didn’t put much effort into finding that person.

But the Nine Pacts were different. The Dunshire Kingdom had successfully captured their attention. However, since the danger was low, they decided to take care of that person with a single team—a team capable enough to bring the entire kingdom to ruins.

After a few days of receiving the news, the team left to finish the mission.

******

Nearly thirty of the teenagers were fighting against demons, completely unaware of all the chaos that had occurred outside of the kingdom. Fiona had just killed one orc. She sat to the side and decided to take some rest, her body wet from sweat and her clothes stuck to her body.

She looked as Max used his fast speed to deliver fatal strikes to the demon he was fighting. His electric ability gave his agility a huge boost.

After killing the demon, he looked at her and said in an arrogant tone, "You got tired just after killing a few demons? Hah, are you going to rest like that on the battlefield while those demons wait for the queen to complete her rest?"

Fiona frowned. Her trembling lips parted as she tried to speak, "I was just..."

"Tch, how are you going to grow like that? Hmph, weak." After speaking haughtily, he went to fight another demon, thinking, ’This is what you like, right? Bad boys, bad treatment, red flags? Sigh... I don’t like treating her like this, but she’s the type who enjoys rude behavior.’

Max glanced back secretly, feeling bad that he was speaking to her like this. He really loved her a lot and decided to stop acting like this soon—he couldn’t bear to treat her like this.

Fiona: "..."

She couldn’t believe this was the same Max. Even though he had been a jerk to others, he had always been so gentle to her, but now...

"Tch tch. What a pig, how can he treat an innocent and cute girl like that? Sigh, I really don’t understand what made you fall for him." Suddenly, a strangely familiar voice sounded just beside her ear.

Fiona was surprised as she turned her head and saw that same handsome face. She was frozen with shock once again. He was sitting right beside her, yet she didn’t even notice.

Vritra casually took her right hand and looked at the tiny wound she had gotten while fighting the orcs. He blew on it and caressed her tender skin.

A warm sensation spread through her hand as the wound healed instantly, and the slight pain disappeared along with it.

Fiona pulled her hand away hastily and glanced over at Max. Thankfully, he was busy fighting the demon, so he didn’t notice their intimate gesture just now.

______________

Thanks for reading...