Chapter 434: Lewd Lessons [R-18]

Maeve felt his warm breath across her vagina, as Vritra gazed down at her beautiful pink vagina.

She covered her face, feeling really shy, but the tingly sensation in her lower body increased and love juices continued to flow out of her pussy.

Vritra turned his head and gave a soft kiss to her thigh before lightly biting her milky skin.

Every part of her body tasted sweet like molten chocolate; he couldn’t help but have a bite of her.

Sucking the soft skin, Vritra kissed both of her thighs as he continued to squeeze them while moving his face closer to her most sensitive zone.

"Let’s start with lesson 3, hold tight foxie."

Vritra said, looking into her eyes with a smile on his face.

Her reactions were really cute, her moans making him excited.

Lowering his head, Vritra pressed his lips against her petals, feeling the wetness and warmth as the demoness’s body shivered.

"Hannggg~ haa Mmmm~"

Just a light graze of his lips against her entrance sent her to heaven as she released a loud moan.

Maeve’s back arched as she pushed her waist forward, pressing her petals harder against his mouth, her hands gripping the pillow present under her head.

After the kiss, Vritra gave a long lick to her wet petals, pressing his tongue against her soft lower lips.

Placing his thumbs on either side of her labia, he gently spread it as her insides became visible.

Maeve could feel his warm breath caressing her pussy.

Extending his tongue, he licked the inner part of her petals, rubbing his tongue just against the boundary.

Vritra tasted her sweet warm love juices, which had a distinct but delicious taste.

After licking the petals, he moved up towards the small bud still hiding shyly in its cover.

Giving her clit a light lick, he bit on it with his lips before sucking on the sensitive bud softly.

"Haaaaaah~" Maeve’s body jerked, the pleasure suddenly rose, and she could no longer control her body.

She felt really strange as something gushed out of her pussy, splashing over Vritra as the demoness’s mouth opened wide and her eyes rolled back.

SPLASH

Her love juices squirted out in waves as she experienced her first-ever climax.

After sucking for a few seconds, Vritra didn’t linger too much on her clitoris.

Licking his lips, he once again kissed her petals.

Then his tongue moved forward, passing by the entrance as he moved through her flooded cave while pushing the soft fleshy walls.

SLURP SLURP

GULP

Rubbing against her folds, Vritra continued to gulp down her hot juices, his taste buds filled with sweetness.

Maeve’s body wriggled under him, his soft tongue going deeper into her body as the constant suction kept her on edge.

Vritra poked and rubbed against her inner walls with the tip of his tongue, pressing against the uneven surface of her folds.

Her hands moved down as she pressed them over his head, pushing his lips harder against her drenched petals.

Feeling his tongue inside her body filled her with shyness and a strange pleasure; it was just too much for her sensitive body.

[Intra Shuffle Activated.]

And how could Vritra not give a taste of his special ability to his cute foxie?

Just as he used the skill, the length of his tongue increased and moved even deeper into her vagina, poking places it shouldn’t have reached.

And Maeve experienced an even stronger orgasm; her body shivered as a loud moan escaped from her mouth.

Then hot and sweet nectar flooded out of her pussy, but with Vritra’s lips sealing the entrance, it all flowed into his mouth.

"Hnnngggg~ Aaaaaaah~ Huff Hnnnnnn~"

Maeve let out pleasurable moans as his tongue continued to rub and poke inside her pussy even as she orgasmed.

GULP GULP

Vritra’s throat constantly moved as he felt her hot juices flowing down into his belly.

Her taste was really intoxicating and addictive.

After a few seconds, her body slumped down as she let out long and heavy breaths, her face red and a drunken look in her eyes.

"Huff M- Master, that was so... intense, it felt g- good Hmmm~"

Maeve spoke with difficulty, still a strong sensation coursing through her body.

Who would have thought something in this world could feel so good.

She was just starting to relax after the mind-shaking orgasm, but then Vritra spoke: "Alright, time for round two."

"Master wai- aanngggggg~"

***

Outside, all the demons were standing in the streets and watched the young lord act really strange.

He was running all over the sky, attacking and then sometimes acting hurt; he seemed like a complete madman.

"H- Has he gone nuts? Is he that happy to kill his own mother?

Is that the person who is supposed to rule over us?"

"Let’s escape while we still have time, the queen is dead and he has gone mad-"

"Wait, the young queen is there too, Demon Queen Maeve, only she can save us now."

All the demons were panicking at the sight of Raelion doing the same stupid things again and again in the sky.

"I think it is the right time for our lord to take control of this land, but what are we going to do with him?"

Thaddeus questioned, gazing at the sky.

"Lord is still too weak and hasn’t recovered his strength.

We can’t let that madman know of his existence, or he might just kill our lord too."

Silquor added as the three turned and went into their houses.

***

Just like that, several hours had passed, but the sky in the Voromir realm remained the same.

Vritra and Maeve lay in each other’s arms, sleeping comfortably under the sheet.

The previous night had been truly special for them both.

Though they were yet to go all the way, it was still quite a great experience.

"Mmm good morning, master..." Maeve snuggled into his arms, blinking her eyes sleepily.

She was even more in love with him.

Spending each and every minute with Vritra made her fall deeper for him.

The previous night he had even told her about his family, and Maeve was really excited to meet them.

Of course, she only knew about Fiona, Diana, Vanessa, and his friend Zengis, not Yasmine.

Vritra trusted her, but he preferred slowly disclosing everything until there was nothing hidden between the two.

"Let’s get ready, it’s time to leave," Vritra spoke.

But as he tried to get up, the lazy foxie hugged him tighter, not wanting to get up just yet.

"Just a little longer, please..." her tail cutely waved behind her as she buried her face into his chest.

"Sigh, fine, just two more minutes," Vritra gave in, hugging her back.

...

After some time, the two were ready in a new set of clothes.

They flew out of the house, and although the recording had already stopped, Raelion was still going at it.

To trap a demon lord, Vritra had to constantly feed a lot of energy to Misty Essence, which was difficult even for someone at Lord rank.

But with Suck! Suck! Suck! it wasn’t a problem for him.

"It’s time to go back." Vritra sent Maeve into his dimensional book for a while and flew higher into the sky, stopping the illusion finally.

{Sin Points Gained: Cheered +3}

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...