Chapter 682 Greed

"Sigh, those pigs aren't leaving, what are we going to do?" Diana paced around.

There was actually an ascension path inside this large hole, but if they pulled it out, the door would probably open.

So they didn't touch it.

The seven women stood together, discussing solutions.

"The best chance is that we try to ascend. We already have the ascension stones and 100% mutation, then we can fight them." Yennefer suggested.

Aside from Teresa, Diana and Onest, all of them had the ascension stone.

And seeing the ascension stone buried there, it was actually a good fit for Teresa.

"Yeah, I think that is the only solution, but what if it causes too much chaos? It can hurt others or maybe even open the door." Fiona said, frowning.

Aside from Vritra, they hadn't seen anyone ascend.

"Husband will find us, I am sure they can't defeat him." Teresa muttered.

But the problem was, they didn't know when he would find them and if the door would stay locked until then.

Just then…

DRRRRRRRRRR

The door actually started to tremble and open, all their gazes moved back to the ascension path stone.

Near the embedded stone sat Ming, his hand stretched out as he hurriedly pulled the ascension stone.

'Hurry hurry, I have to take it, once I start merging they can't do anything to me!!' greed took over his reasoning at this moment.

He had seen how strong people grow after using such stones, and Vritra had taken one of his before.

'So isn't it only right that I take this?' with a maniacal grin, he pulled out the ascension stone.

"Hahaha This is mine!! Let me ascend and I will kill those fuckers, hahaha my wife is a whore, now she is going to regret leaving me!!" he laughed madly.

He eyed the seven women, wondering if one of them would be impressed with him if he got very strong.

He imagined beating Vritra up, his laser ability killing anyone as he got a big harem of his own.

'I am going to do it!!'

But then he noticed the shocked expressions of the women and the three men, and heard the vibrating door.

"Fuck!" the ascension stone fell from his hand, his body shivering.

What had he done? Why had his greed suddenly taken over his mind and reasoning?

He had been warned not to touch that stone, yet his body moved on its own.

"Kekeke It's opening brothers, finally, this old guy's spell has worked!" the scarred guy shouted madly, walking inside.

The old guy, the lion man, and the explosion man all walked inside.

"Oh pretty girls, did you miss me? Keke grandpa is here now." The disgusting old guy muttered.

"Bitches, you made me so mad, now I am going to cut you all to pieces." The scarred guy shouted, about to rush but got pulled back by the one wearing lion skin.

"Now now, don't be so hasty. How can we even kill such beautiful women? I am giving you a chance, surrender on your own otherwise, well I love taming women too keke." He laughed.

"We are to bring them all back to Morgan." The mindless explosion guy spoke.

The over hundred men looked at them in shock and lust, how could there be such beautiful women?

Yasmine frowned, she glared at Ming, that man got them into trouble.

"Well well, look at what this twat has got, give it here!" the scarred man walked forward, snatching the stone from Ming's hand who had just picked it up.

"Hmm not bad, alright time for you to die heh." After speaking, he stabbed his own belly with a knife.

But instead, it was Ming who groaned in pain as blood spluttered out.

"Kakakakaka Die die die DIE!!" laughing maniacally, the scarred man stabbed himself again and again.

More scars appeared over his body, but all wounds appeared on Ming's body.

"Aaaaaah sto- urkkk COUGH Ughhh" Ming fell in a pool of his own blood, he felt guilty but it wasn't his fault.

"Sigh that psycho is at it again, whatever, let him deal with those men. So ladies, have you made your mind?" the lion guy asked.

Ming's entire body was riddled with holes and within seconds, his breathing stopped.

"Now, who should I target next? Kakaka." he looked at the remaining people.

"You pigs, step forward if you wanna die!" Shitless shouted, as he and Onest stood before the enemies.

The women also activated their skills, even if the power difference was too high, they would kill at least a few and hold on.

"Ah too bad, I gave you a chance. But I love it when women are so wild, don't mind me being a little rough." The smile on his face changed into a cruel look as he shouted:

"Capture these bitches!!"

"Oh, this place sure is lively, would you mind if I join in?" a strange voice suddenly sounded from the back of the group, interrupting them.

Before anyone could speak however, a layer of blood rose and formed a wall in front of the people standing there.

Startled, all of them turned around, just to see a single guy standing there.

A dark expression on his face, in the next moment an intense bloodlust enveloped the entire cave, spreading even outside the building.

Dozens of men held their throats, feeling suffocated, their eyes almost popping out.

A bloody fog rose from his body, the bloodlust taking on a material form.

"Who the fuck are- ughhhh mmphaaaaaaaa" the lion man frowned as he questioned.

But suddenly, Vritra's figure flashed before him.

One hand clutched his jaw while the other tore into his mouth, grabbing his tongue and pulling it out with a sickening scream.

Tearing half the throat along with it, as the man gurgled and coughed on his blood, jaw dangling freely.

These pigs dared to curse his wives and attack them, their deaths were not going to be easy.

His right hand turned into a bloody claw, slashing at the grotesque face, as he ripped out one of the eyes.

"Aaaaaaaaahh my- My Eyeeeeeesssss uwaaaaaaaah" the man screamed, his body starting to transform into a beast.

His own claws scratched his face but with a crunch and tearing sound, his limbs were broken and torn away.

Kicking the man away and letting him scream in pain, Vritra turned to face the others, his killing intent exploding violently.

None of them was going to survive today.

The men were frightened, their bodies refusing to move.

Only the scarred guy and the explosion guy returned to their senses.

Vritra lunged forward, his body turning into a blur. Using those torn hands, he slashed at everyone's throat or chest, not killing them but leaving them to die slowly.

Screams filled the area, none of them even had the chance to activate any skills as more than a hundred men were defeated within moments.

Soon they all lay in a big heap of bodies, all twisted and mangled, begging to be killed.

Their limbs were torn, their eyes were gone, their internal organs were falling out, yet death was coming too slowly.

Finally Vritra turned to face the remaining three men, the old guy, the mindless one and the psycho.

Just looking at them made him feel immensely mad, if he had been late, these sons of bitches would have attacked his family.

Suddenly, a flood of blood swallowed everything.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... 