Chapter 118: Big Bounty

"Ahem. What do you want to order, sirs?" His attitude changed immediately.

"Two chickens, one horse, two moon wine and one boar," the shady guy said casually.

The fat man’s attitude changed instantly. He wrinkled his nose and asked, "Anything to pack?"

"No, nothing. Just three kids and two pigs. That will be all for now," the shady guy said with a knowing smile.

The fat man nodded his head as the fat in his cheeks jiggled, then he pointed toward a door that led to the kitchen before speaking, "Gentlemen, please follow me."

Vritra and the shady guy stood up and walked towards the kitchen. Then they walked out from the back of the shop and continued to follow the fat man. Soon, he stopped in front of a small metallic door with a window beside it that was closed, and a few words were written on it:

—Get lost or get a toast, happy deals—

The fat guy knocked on the window over five times and then began to whisper some code. After a brief exchange, the door opened as a masked man walked out in a black outfit. He was at level 278.

’Hmm, not bad. Killing them all would increase Hellmancer’s level quite a bit,’ Vritra thought. He wasn’t going to let even a single one escape.

"You can enter," the masked man pointed at Vritra and gestured, while the two others instantly began to walk away.

"Be careful inside. After giving your mission, just leave this place as soon as you can. A naïve person might end up in trouble," the shady guy sighed before walking away from there. For some reason, he was a bit worried, though he didn’t know that his worries were misplaced.

Vritra nodded and walked through the metallic door, following behind the masked man. There must be quite a lot of assassins currently on missions, and Vritra didn’t want to let a single person from this organisation live—even if most members weren’t involved in the previous night’s attack.

Vritra walked through the compact path, then climbed down a couple of floors. He could already sense the presence of hundreds of men; he was sure there should be at least six hundred currently present here.

As they arrived on the 2nd underground floor, he saw a large hall. Lots of people filled the entire space— some were standing and chatting, some were sitting and eating. There were lots of rooms and all kinds of shops and items.

It was a bit hard to imagine that such a large place was built beneath the black market. As Vritra walked, all the gazes were drawn toward him. They were all assassins, so the air was thick with bloodlust.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +224}

Vritra’s steps halted suddenly. To others, it looked like he was afraid, so they scoffed and went back to their activities. But Vritra had the instant urge to start slaughtering all these rats— he held back his killing intent.

"Go there and give your money and target’s details, and leave through the same way. If you linger around, you might never make it out of here," the masked man laughed sinisterly and walked back, climbing up the stairs.

Vritra looked around for a few seconds, then walked to the man who was busy writing down the missions. Vritra paused in front of one of them and cleared his throat.

"Oh, wait a second, let me finish this." The man, who barely knew how to hold the pen, wrote messy letters on the paper and, after a couple of minutes, finally glanced up at Vritra.

"A rich boy, huh? Tell me who you want to kill— his strength. The more details you share, the better," said the illiterate man.

"...I want to hire the entire Dawn Minion organization. Every single assassin you have, to kill just one person," Vritra said, and the other man began to write it down.

"Alright, the entire organization, and how strong is that man exactly— wait, what the—" but he suddenly paused as those words finally sank into his thick skull.

But Vritra continued seriously, "I’m not sure exactly how strong he is. His name is Vritra Arclis and he stays in the castle—"

But he was interrupted by the illiterate man, who slammed the book on the table and looked angrily at Vritra.

"Are you messing with me? Get the fuck out of here if you don’t want to die. Hah, what shitty luck. Why is everyone like that today?"

"I’m serious. Tell me how much money I need to pay—everyone, including the leader—to complete this mission for me?" Vritra said, waving his hand in the air and releasing a bit of his aura, which seemed to calm the illiterate man a bit.

"Haa... just leave. Things don’t work like that here. You won’t be able to afford the entire Dawn Minion. Leave before someone hears you speak," he said, shaking his head.

"Just tell me how much I need to pay. I’ve got a lot of money." Vritra said, as he tapped on the table and a large pile of gold instantly filled the entire table, making the surroundings shine in yellow.

"!!!"

A lot of sin points came pouring.

So much gold instantly attracted the attention of everyone around, but Vritra put it away instantly. It was the money he had received from Diana. She had given him a lot of money and valuables happily as a gift— she was quite happy when he took it.

"This is just a little. I have much more. So just gather everyone in the Dawn Minion and I will pay whatever price you need," Vritra said, a faint pinkish light flashing in his eyes.

[Natural Hypnosis Activated.]

"Y- Yes sir, but I can’t d-decide something of this calibre on my own. Please give me a little time to discuss this with the upper levels." The illiterate man stood up in haste, his eyes still wide. He felt a little greedy—like most of the other men present there.

"Sure. But each and every single member of your organisation should be present— even your leader— as fast as possible. Otherwise, I will just leave." Vritra reminded him, as the illiterate man ran away in haste and shouted "yes!" from the distance.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Threatened +254}

The people in the surroundings were very tempted to just kill him and take all his money, but it seemed he was some important customer, so none of them dared to act.

Vritra didn’t have to wait for long, as the illiterate man brought someone dressed in black, with a strong aura surrounding him.

He was near level 600 and should be one of the strongest people under the leader in the entire organisation. Vritra wasted no time and instantly got to the topic.

"How much do you need for me to hire your entire organisation?"

"We can’t talk here. Follow me." The tall man, over seven feet in height, spoke before turning and walking away.

Vritra clicked his tongue. He just wanted to slaughter them all, but it seemed to be taking too much time— so he decided to use a different approach.

___________

Thanks for reading...