Chapter 464: Eye of the End

[You have acquired the Love Pill.]

With a frown on his face, Vritra read the description of the pill and sighed.

It was similar to what he thought it might be but a whole lot more powerful.

Still, it wasn’t forcefully making anyone fall in love with him, so it wasn’t as bad.

"But I don’t need something like that, I already got enough women." Vritra mumbled, while Yasmine chuckled.

"Why don’t you try feeding it to a god or something, or maybe someone even above them?" she teased.

"Jokes aside, I don’t plan to use this thing. So let’s just throw it." Vritra spoke, holding the heart-shaped pill in his hand.

He tried to destroy the pill, but even his strength had no effect on it.

As his comprehension of Null increased, Vritra’s control over space and time had gotten a lot better, and he had even started to sense some sort of strange energy.

Though it would take some time to properly understand it.

Vritra opened a random portal which seemed quite chaotic inside, which might lead to some faraway space where no one could live.

Then he threw the pill into it and closed the portal, getting rid of it.

"I hope it gets destroyed in all that chaotic storm." He sighed, not even wanting to keep such an item with himself.

"Haa and there goes your chance of getting a super powerful wife." The dragoness sighed.

Rolling his eyes, Vritra decided to focus on the last few remaining messages.

[You have acquired the Magma Staff]

『

[Magma Staff]

[Rank]: Lord

[Description]: A staff meant for close and distant combat, highly recommended for fire-type fields.

Previously wielded by the ruler of the long-extinct Magma Asura race, it possesses too many benefits to be listed down.

』

"Wow, first time seeing a narcissistic weapon. Anyway, I think this would be perfect for Fiona?" he concluded.

Now the draws actually seemed to match his needs, maybe it was because of his high luck.

In any case, another good weapon.

[You have acquired the Shackled Long Sword.]

『

[Shackled Long Sword]

[Description]: A long sword that instantly restrains enemies to a certain extent, heavily increases the strength while diminishing other aspects of the wielder when ordered, and could launch a full-power blast dozens of times more destructive.

』

Vritra read and called out: "Knight."

"Yes, master." Instantly, Dark Knight appeared out of his shadow, bowing respectfully, its presence still as terrifying.

Though Dark Knight’s aura felt weaker compared to Vritra’s, it was like a 3–4-year-old child standing in front of a full-grown healthy adult.

"Take this, does it suit you?" Vritra took out a long sword from his inventory and sent it floating towards Dark Knight.

The sword was wrapped in chains and had a menacing presence. It was incredibly heavy.

Knight let his original sword disappear into its shadow and took hold of Shackled, as the sword instantly got wrapped by darkness.

Then it began to swing the heavy sword around. Each swing seemed extremely powerful. After a few seconds, Knight finally bowed.

"Thank you, master. This is perfect for me."

"Yeah yeah, enjoy. Sigh, give me at least one more good thing." Vritra sighed, seeing that only two more items were left.

"Alright, let’s see what it is now."

[You have acquired Eye of the End.]

『

[Eye of the End]

[Description]: An eye that could be used twice and tell if a person is going to die in a nearby time period.

』

"!!!"

Both Vritra and Yasmine were surprised as they glanced at each other, then back at the message.

This was a well-needed item. It could help greatly with all the approaching danger. But it was a pity that it could only be used two times.

’Use Eye of the End.’ Vritra instantly looked at Yasmine and tried it, but nothing happened.

"Huh? Does it not count you as alive or is it malfunctioning?" Vritra wondered and decided to check it out later on.

"I think since my physical body has been destroyed, it might not count me among the living.

If not for the help of Nihil-Anima, I wouldn’t have survived so long in this form. Of course, thanks to it all, I met you." She spoke.

She actually felt a bit happy to be in this state so she could always be with Vritra.

But the only pity was that she couldn’t touch him, embrace him properly, or feel his warmth.

"Yeah, it seems so. Anyway, I wonder what would be the final item." Vritra said, finally moving to the final message.

"I am excited to see it too, just hope it’s not something strange again." Yasmine said, laughing lightly upon remembering Vritra’s reactions each time.

"Let’s check out the final message!" he said, tightening his hug.

[You have acquired the active skill Titan Fall.]

『

[Titan Fall]

[Skill Description]: An end to everything, couldn’t be activated unless a certain meter has been filled.

』

Vritra: "... Uhm, that uh does sound good, but where is the context? What meter? What end? Sigh, anyway, that’s it for now."

"Well, we can slowly figure it out later. We have gained so many things already, and it would be better if we sort it all out." Yasmine suggested.

Nodding, Vritra looked at his status, noticing all the new entries.

"Alright, let’s start with the beginning." After a moment, he began to speak:

"First of all, I obtained 200,000 Strength stat points and 300,000 allocation points.

Two armors that I plan to give to Fiona and Diana and the clothes that I am wearing, indestructible and increasing charm.

I’ve given one staff to Hellmancer and a longsword to Dark Knight, while one staff is still reserved for Fiona.

There’s also a lord-rank knife that can cut through almost anything, and Goop—the perfect weapon for me.

The radiation merger through which I obtained the Nuclear Fist.

Comprehension Guide kept for Diana.

Pill of Mountain, Love Pill which has been thrown away, I wonder why I threw it away though.

Anyway, Death Pill I have eaten. Dew of Life, Protection of Yama, and Eye of the End—I have to think of how to use them.

And that’s all except for the skills." Vritra mumbled to himself, going over everything. In total, he had gotten twenty-two draws, which was quite unexpected.

Then there were the four skills: passive skill Lost, useless active skill Cry Baby, unknown active skill Titan Fall, and OP hybrid skill Atomic.

"Now I wonder if I should merge that Scar Knife with Goop or not, and just give it to Diana." Vritra pondered for a few moments and soon made up his mind.

"Let’s do it. I can give a better weapon to the goddess next time I spin the wheel, and she is safe right now anyway." Vritra thought as he pulled out the ordinary-looking knife.

He even took out his axes, which had been with him for quite long. They couldn’t be used now, so he decided to let them accompany him in new form.

[Would you like to combine Axes of Chaos and Scar Knife with Goop?]

"Yes." He replied as instantly, a black sort of armor appeared around him, and the weapons in his hands turned to particles before disappearing.

[Merging started.]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...