Chapter 583 Sincere [R-18]

There was just a single piece of cloth on her body.

It seemed to be made of some net material, completely see-through.

What was more, it was so erotic that it didn't hide either of her breasts or her vagina, or most of her creamy skin.

The clothes were there only in name, instead making the scene way more erotic, her voluptuous body looked too delicious and ripe.

"M- Master, is this…?" Fiona hesitated, one of her arms wrapped around her breasts, hiding her nipples while the other hid her pussy.

She was feeling too exposed.

"What? You are doubting me now? Fine, just leave if you want, and here I was risking my life to save you." Vritra said angrily, putting down the bowl.

But Fiona couldn't leave in such clothes even if she wanted to.

"No! Master, I completely believe in you, I am sincere and will do as you say." She spoke hurriedly, then removed her arms and walked towards the bed.

She climbed onto it and lay back on it, her legs tightly pressed, but the rest of her body was completely exposed.

"Alright, now I am starting the ritual. Don't speak at all or it might fail, you understand?" Vritra said as he picked up the bowl which was filled with chocolate.

"Y- Yes…" her face was bright red, but she kept reminding herself that this was all for the better, she needed to be sincere.

The lights in the room turned dim as Vritra dipped two of his fingers in the chocolate and then began to draw patterns over her body.

Starting from her cheek, the cold liquid touched her skin, making the poor wife tremble as she bit her lip to keep herself from releasing any noise.

From her rosy cheeks, his fingers moved to her lips as he continued to smear her with chocolate, the scene was so lewd that he was already rock hard.

Then he dipped his fingers in chocolate again and drew the pattern down from her lips and onto her chin and finally onto her creamy neck.

Fiona's breathing hastened, her chest rising and falling, her body trembling.

Vritra took out more chocolate and moved towards her shoulders, and finally to her chest.

The cold chocolate touched her cleavage and then his finger slid around in a strange pattern, leaving dark lines of chocolate behind.

Then he started drawing over her breasts, pushing gently as his fingers sank into the fleshy boobs.

"Mmm~" Fiona bit her lips harder, tasting the faint taste of chocolate as his fingers rubbed around her nipple, covering her areolas in chocolate.

"Remember, don't make a noise or the evil power will get stronger and this will fail." Vritra reminded her and dipped his fingers in the chocolate once again.

Fiona felt as if all the air had been pulled out of her lungs as the cold chocolate covered her nipple, his finger rubbing and pressing her bud.

'I- Is this really cleansing? This feels so… wrong, haa, I don't know how long I can take it.' Fiona thought, her body twisting and a strong itch starting to appear between her legs.

"I know you might be feeling strange and questioning this cleansing, but that's just the evil power trying to make you speak, trying to stop it.

 If you wish to be freed from all your problems, then persevere and show me your determination, your sincerity!!" Vritra motivated her as he covered her other nipple in the sweet liquid too.

Fiona briefly opened her eyes and nodded at Vritra, then closed them and held in any moans, knowing that the evil curse was behind it all.

'That's right, I have to believe in the holy priest.' Fiona thought.

After her breasts, Vritra then moved onto her belly and waist, drawing patterns and dripping the chocolate onto her smooth, savoury skin.

He started to feel hungry, almost wanting to take a bite of her soft skin.

He even drew chocolaty patterns over her arms, dipping her fingers into chocolate, and putting some over her soft palm.

Her belly trembled as his finger moved down, even teasing her belly button and then moving to her thighs.

Fiona gasped as Vritra suddenly pulled her legs apart, but chanting the same thing, she remained silent and motionless.

Then his fingers started to move over her smooth, thick thighs, moving to the inner side and getting closer and closer to her pussy.

'N- Not there!!' her toes curled up as she felt his finger inching closer to her vagina.

Vritra took more chocolate and ran his fingers around the petals, before gently caressing them, his lustful gaze eating them up.

"Hmmm~" Fiona shivered, trying to close her legs but Vritra held tight.

"Don't lose to your inner curse, fight it, let's fight it together." Vritra said, covering her petals in chocolate.

Then he took even more chocolate and in the next instant…

"Hnnngggg~" two of his fingers, completely covered in chocolate, pushed through her entrance and entered her vagina, covering her fleshy folds and soft walls with chocolate.

His fingers were tightly held in her cave as Fiona moaned loudly, her eyes opening wide and her body arching upwards.

She couldn't believe what was happening. The respected and holy priest actually put his fingers in her pussy?

The innocent wife really wanted to run now. Was she wrong after all? Was he tricking her all this time?

'No, no, no, these thoughts aren't mine, these are the thoughts of the curse. M- Master must have his reason…' Fiona thought, with his fingers still inside.

"What have you done?!!" Vritra spoke in shock and some anger, before adding: "Doomed, both of us are doomed. You were supposed to stay silent!"

"S- Sorry master, I- I didn't mean to… w- what can I do now?" Fiona shivered as his fingers were pulled out of her intimate place, instantly her worries changed.

And she blamed herself, Vritra the priest was quite good at manipulation.

The patterns around her body started to glow with dark energy.

"The evil curse has reached its highest power, taking control of it will be even harder now. Your life is ruined now, haa, what have you done?" Vritra said, looking troubled.

Fiona became even more afraid as she saw the dark glow on her tattoos, then she begged without moving:

"P- please master, save me, d- do whatever you want. I have complete faith in you, please save me…"

"Fine, all the evil energy is trapped in these patterns and I need to remove it all ASAP, but there is no longer any time to go the usual way." Vritra said with a troubled look.

"T- Then… what are we going to do?" Fiona asked fearfully, almost about to cry.

"I will risk my life and devour all your cursed energy, just cooperate and don't make any noise this time or the curse will shift to your core." Vritra said firmly.

Fiona nodded hurriedly but was about to ask what he meant by devouring.

Without wasting a moment, Vritra sat down and leaned forward as he literally began to devour the patterns.

Fiona took in a deep breath as the holy priest licked her cheek, eating up the chocolaty pattern.

He took her hand and licked her palms, before sucking her tasty fingers.

Her shocked gaze met with his, and then his face got closer and closer as he took her sweet, juicy lips into his mouth.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...