Chapter 300: Battle of Mercy

Vritra frowned slightly as he saw the scene of the demon army.

Just this big of an army was definitely not here for war, but it seemed they were here either to probe or finish some sort of mission.

’And what great timing for a mission, just when I was stationed here. Doesn’t seem like a coincidence to me.’

He thought, and just then he received another report from Bob, who was keeping an eye inside the kingdom.

A few hundred men from the Slave Beast Gang wearing their uniforms were rushing in his direction at the same time.

’Oh, does this mean both parties are here to get rid of me?

They wouldn’t have sent such big armies just to kill me, but to slaughter everyone present here to put fear in the hearts of all the people in the kingdom.’ Vritra concluded.

He was sure that the Slave Beast Gang and the demons were definitely connected somehow, but this was not the time to think about all that.

In fact, it was time to farm experience points and even more Sin Points.

"Get ready, demons and Slave Beast Gang are approaching. Mom, Diana, Fiona—you are free to kill them all and do not worry about your safety, I will take care of that.

So go all out, don’t hide any of your abilities and just get stronger. Leave the rest to me." Vritra said.

He could use the Misty Essence Mythic Halo so no one could see their abilities or true identities as Succubus Queen, Phoenix Queen, or the Goddess.

"As for you, just continue with your work, good job." Vritra spoke to Shitless, who nodded and ran towards the crowd, ready to resume his job.

Onest also sensed the presence of approaching enemies soon, he flew towards Vritra with a frown.

"Did you sense it as well?" he asked.

"Yes, don’t worry, the enemies aren’t too strong. I can take care of them." Vritra said confidently.

"Huh? Why did you suddenly become so diligent? Shouldn’t I send the signal back to the base?" Onest asked.

He could sense a few powerful presences among the enemies whose levels might even be higher than his own.

"There is no need for that, just protect the people." Vritra said, as he slowly started floating in the air.

"EVERYONE BE SILENT!!"

Monk Shitless’s voice thundered through the place as everyone became silent and listened carefully.

"THOUSANDS OF DEMONS AND THE SLAVE BEAST GANG ARE APPROACHING TO STOP OUR GOD AND TO KILL ALL OF US!!"

Just as he spoke, all the people panicked but before it could turn into a stampede Shitless added:

"BUT DON’T YOU WORRY, OUR GOD WILL KILL THEM ALL, HE WILL PROTECT US. SO PRAY TO THE GOD OF MERCY!!"

Monk Shitless spoke, as all the people began to cheer Vritra on.

Vritra, the three ladies, Onest and all the shadow wraiths got ready for the approaching battle.

Since the soul wraiths couldn’t be shown openly, Vritra would just use the Misty Essence Mythic Halo to influence everyone.

Finally, dust flew around and the ground started shaking, distant roars of the approaching demons became louder and louder while the clanking sound of their weapons filled the area.

The people were traumatized upon seeing so many bloodthirsty demons and members of the Slave Beast Gang, their prayers paused as fear crept into their hearts and even running away didn’t seem to be an option now.

"Watch, don’t be afraid, they are all weak."

Vritra said as he created two large axes from dust, looking extremely heavy and dangerous.

His calming voice spread through the crowd as everyone became silent and only focused on him.

His presence brought confidence and a feeling of rage in their bodies, a rage to retort and be free.

Vritra’s body broke into countless clones, half of which rushed towards the Gang members while the other half rushed towards the demons.

It was all just for show from the shadows the soul wraiths would be the ones claiming the kills.

He himself rushed towards the Night Forest, while the three ladies went to kill the Gang members first and Onest stood in front of the public as the last line of defence.

ROAAARRRRRRRRR

Several deafening roars sounded as waves of demons rushed towards the crowd.

But just then a wave of dust storm swept through as Vritra’s figure flashed through it, striking the demon at the front with all his strength.

[Switch Activated.]

[Switch: Demonification (2%)]

A bluish energy flooded through his veins and entire body as Vritra’s strength soared. Under the expecting gaze of the crowd, Vritra slashed at the demons.

WHOOOOOOOSH

The wave of energy cut through the air and then sliced off the bodies of more than thirty demons at once, their levels well around the middle of 2nd Legion rank.

Their bodies were cut into several pieces as the destructive energy wreaked havoc through their bodies, giving them no chance to heal.

While Hellmancer finished the kill as waves after waves of messages popped in front of Vritra.

{Sin Point Gained: Worshipped +135,287}

{Sin Point Gained: Idolized +134,985}

{Sin Point Gained: Prayed to +135,064}

...

[You have killed a level 2584 Demonic Golem.]

[You have killed a level 2392 Demonic Golem.]

[You have killed a level 2642 Demonic Golem.]

...

[+Exp]

[+Exp]

...

[You have levelled up!!]

[You have levelled up!!]

[You have levelled up!!]

...

[You have gained 20 Stat Points.]

[You have gained 20 Stat Points.]

[You have gained 20 Stat Points.]

...

[You have gained 20 Allocation Points.]

[You have gained 20 Allocation Points.]

...

Like a wild beast, Vritra brutally tore through their bodies while the demons didn’t even have the time to register anything when they came out of the Night Forest.

The Dark Knight, Hellmancer and all other soul wraiths worked discreetly as they killed one demon after another, while Ghost, Ghoul, Bob, and Bobby started killing the Gang members along with the three women.

The crowd watched the one-sided slaughter in awe, although most of the details were hidden by Vritra, they could still clearly see the bloodbath.

Two large white wings appeared behind Diana as she took out two daggers.

Holy energy swirled around her body as she flew through the crowd of men, slicing off their heads.

Her sacred body was covered in blood as she started slicing them into pieces, killing the humans.

Fiona and Vanessa saw that Diana and the four soul wraiths could easily handle the humans, so they changed their targets and rushed towards the demons.

An air of sweet smell flew through the air and all the demons that smelled it became absent-minded.

Right at that moment Vanessa would chop their bodies with her sword.

She used her abilities as the Succubus Queen—two horns appeared on her head, two wings on her back and a long tail with a pointy tip. The beautiful seductress was going all out as her level started climbing up.

Fiona’s body was covered by flames as she transformed into her phoenix form.

She even used the energy of the First Phoenix Queen and then shot out enormous pillars of flames that engulfed the demons and burned them down until their bodies disappeared completely.

The soul wraiths were also collecting the souls of all the dead creatures, whether humans or demons, as the brutal battle continued.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...