Chapter 176: Tactic

The battle of the first batch lasted a little over five hours, hundreds of the participants got badly injured and a group of five hundred were selected in the end.

Now it was time for the second batch to go into the arena, but the audience who were cheering loudly even after hours of shouting were surprised when the next batch walked onto the arena.

Most of the participants seemed to be wearing different coloured clothes on their right arms, this was the solution they came up with so they didn’t end up hurting their own group.

Vritra was the leader of Team Red. Out of the sixteen groups, his group stood out a bit more—the members there were selected first, so they were better than the others.

As they climbed onto the arena, sixteen groups took their parts of the stage and stood in a systematic way.

While the group which didn’t choose any side stood on the opposite side, people talked in awe at the strange behaviour of this batch. The previous ones just fought like barbarians; there were small groups, but nothing as systematic as this.

"Hello young people, I am the host and announcer of your battle. My name is ’TK’ and I will make this announcement again.

You are not allowed to kill others, this is not a fight to the death. If you kill others then not only will you be out of this competition but will be arrested as well." TK warned, then he continued in a relaxed tone:

"Now this batch seems much more promising and smart than the previous one, do your best and win.

Every person who wins today will be rewarded with gold and have priority when applying as guards for the castle. Let’s not bore our spectators anymore, and the battle begins!!"

There was complete silence for a few seconds on the arena and the audience seats, then chaos broke out. Vritra had already informed his group about their plan. He divided the members into distant damage dealers, tanks, and direct fighters.

The tanks took their positions at the front. Activating their skills, they would take the brunt of the first wave of attack from other groups, while the group would launch attacks at others from the distance—a simple but effective strategy.

"GUARD!!" Vritra’s voice thundered the most across the entire coliseum. Even the spectators felt their blood boil at his fighting spirit.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +36,937}

{Sin Point Gained: Awed +28,083}

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +34,837}

...

The speed at which the messages refreshed increased as sin points flooded wildly. This was the highest amount he had gotten in such a short time.

All the members of Team Red let out a roar as the tanks activated their skills and covered the entire group in a large barrier. Even the other groups were shocked by their perfect teamwork and cooperation.

Most among the other groups weren’t even able to choose a leader, and those that did weren’t able to achieve this level of teamwork. So they all wondered how Vritra achieved so much in such a short time.

Vritra was planning to use a bit of his dust ability. As his skill was leveling up, it was getting extremely terrifying and unique—but at the earlier levels it wasn’t too different from Earth abilities, so others wouldn’t even be able to relate him with the emerging Demon Lord.

"LOCK!!" Another shout from Vritra made everyone even more excited. The sin points were coming like crazy, and he wasn’t standing out too much in the wrong way.

The distant dealers all began to lock their targets in the direction Vritra pointed, as they activated their skills and waited for the next command. At first, they too didn’t want him to lead since there seemed to be a few members stronger than him, but just a few words from Vritra made them understand that he was the best leader for them.

It isn’t true that the strongest leader would always bring victory to his team, but a smart leader would never let defeat come their way. Having a strong leader might scare the other side a bit, but when the entire group becomes one, then the other side wouldn’t even know how they were defeated.

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +34,247}

{Sin Point Gained: Looked up to +30,875}

{Sin Point Gained: Envied +6,039}

...

"ATTACK!!" The groups were truly baffled by the teamwork. They messily put up their guards—the tanks of their teams were randomly scattered across the group, which created several loopholes.

No one had thought that Vritra would lead his group so well. Even his own team was surprised by their leader and their teamwork. They could almost see the victory in their hands.

Skills upon skills were activated at the same time and then they were shot towards the group standing the closest to the Red group.

BOOOM

BANNGGG BOOOOM

Explosions rang out across the whole colosseum. More than two hundred men of the other group were instantly eliminated as they fainted upon getting hit. Mostly the tanks of the other group remained, and their overall strength had decreased by more than fifty percent.

The other groups were too busy fighting among themselves, so many didn’t notice this scene. The White team was already on the verge of collapsing after a single strike.

"AIM!!" Vritra called out. He had already instructed that after the first strike, the second one needed to be more precise—they needed to eliminate as many tanks as possible.

So inside the large group of five hundred young men, fifty teams were formed with around five members in each, consisting of the distant damage dealers. Each team selected a single tank from the other side to bombard him with attacks.

"ATTACK!!" Vritra commanded as waves after waves of attacks were launched. The tanks could hold on against two- or three- people’s attacks, but against five people with similar or higher levels, they had absolutely no chance.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM

Explosion upon explosion sounded as one after the other, the tanks of the White teams were defeated. In less than a minute, more than four hundred members of the other team were on the ground and unable to fight.

By the end of three minutes, only one legion-ranked fighter remained, while all the others were taken care of.

"Rest and recharge," Vritra said as the attackers began to drink potions to fill their mana reserves. Then he added: "Legion rank!!"

There were two legion-ranked fighters in his own team. The two were impressed by this young guy, so they followed Vritra’s words without any complaints.

"Can you take care of him?" Vritra asked, while using his dust ability constantly to attack others in the distance.

"Of course, leave him to us. He is no match for the both of us." The two tapped over their chests and spoke confidently before rushing forward.

Vritra observed their fight for a few seconds, and seeing that the other person was about to lose, he began to observe the whole battlefield—choosing his next target while feeling excited at getting so many passive points without inviting any trouble.

Maybe soon he would be able to upgrade one or two of his skills. Just the thought made him excited.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...