Chapter 281: Slave Beast Gang

The guards emptied two of the carriages for these people. Thankfully, there was enough space in other carriages. Five men took one of the carriages while Karen took the last one.

Diddy had survived, and although his injuries were serious, they healed pretty easily with higher-quality healing potions — though he seemed traumatised.

Then they got out of the swamp area without any further incidents. Vritra was happy that he got to collect quite a lot of sin points, though it was nowhere near enough.

"Sigh, what more are we going to face in this wretched forest?" he questioned, looking at Diana, their permanent tour guide inside the Topaz continent.

"I am not really sure about it myself. You know I have little interest in fighting. But I heard we will only be facing bandits until we have reached half of the distance to the White kingdom.

After that, the territory of the Slave Beast Gang, the biggest gang of the White kingdom, will start, and no bandits would dare go into the territory of those gangsters."

"Slave Beasts... are they the same gang that operate the biggest slave market in the White kingdom?" Vritra asked, gazing out of the window and feeling that it was a pity no one was around.

"Yes, their strength has increased to the point even the king is having trouble controlling them," Diana answered.

"Darling, do you need a massage?" Fiona said with a strange smile on her face. She seemed to have just learned from Vanessa and wanted to test it on him.

Vritra looked at his mother with a gaze saying: "Mom, why are you teaching her weird stuff?"

But Vanessa just smiled and acted as if she couldn’t understand him, so Vritra could only nod.

And so Fiona began to give her massage, while also gauging Vritra’s reaction. This sort of massage was meant to make him excited, but after several minutes she didn’t see a single change.

"Hey, what is the next region we are going to enter?" Vritra asked the coachman, who had taken his position back once again.

"Um, s-sir, the next area will be full of bandits, and the ones hunting in the next part would be much stronger than all the others we have faced before," the coachman answered carefully.

"So more bandits..." Vritra sighed and decided to take a nap. The concept of day and night seemed foreign in the Night Forest.

He put his head over Fiona’s lap and closed his eyes, lying on his back with his face touching her soft belly, as he smelled her sweet fragrance.

***

The ride after that was, as expected, filled with bandits.

Those men chose all sorts of ways to kill the people travelling in the carriage, but Vritra was yet to locate a bandit whose strength had surpassed his own, so the problem wasn’t too big yet.

After travelling for a couple of days, most of the guards were exhausted and a bit injured after constant fights against the bandits, so they rested in their carriages.

The six participants were so frightened of Vritra that they barely ever set foot on the ground and hid in the carriages — especially Diddy and Karen.

BOOOOOM!!

Another loud sound came from outside. The guards were in no condition to put up a proper fight against the group of more than a hundred bandits.

"Why is travelling so annoying? Anyway, let’s just treat this as a break," Vritra said as he opened the door and stepped outside. The darkness didn’t bother any of them.

Looking ahead, he saw a big crater in the ground, and more than a hundred men had surrounded them.

"Dark knight, take care of them and swallow their souls," Vritra said lazily as a dark shadow that completely mixed with the darkness rushed out at extreme speed.

The guards were frightened when they thought they would have to fight again. They were sure that before reaching the White kingdom, all of them would be dead.

Faint sounds of wind blowing were heard, but not a single scream rang out as the dark knight cut the bandits to pieces and swallowed their souls.

These low-level souls were nowhere near enough to increase its strength, though.

"Haa, such a nice cold wind... only if the smell around here wasn’t so bad." All three of the women got out of the carriage and observed their surroundings.

In less than a minute, the dark knight had killed all the men.

Vritra ignored the messages that popped up in front of him and just relaxed for a while. He filled the crater in the ground, and soon the ride once again continued.

The number of bandits they were encountering increased, and not wanting to waste any time, Vritra just made his soul wraiths take care of them in advance.

And so they were able to travel peacefully for around two more days when all the carriages stopped. One of the guards knocked on Vritra’s carriage door.

"Yes?" Opening the door, he stepped out and looked at the guard with a questioning gaze.

"Sir, now we will be entering the Slave Beast Gang’s territory, and the number of demons in this region is also quite high.

We will do our best to protect you. I just came here to inform you so you could be more careful." The guards were no longer afraid of Vritra, seeing that he wasn’t a madman.

"Okay, thank you. How long before we reach the White kingdom?" Vritra asked.

"If nothing goes wrong, then we should be there in eight or so more days. The Slave Beast Gang’s men aren’t like bandits; they would let us pass as long as we pay them enough," the guard answered.

"Oh right, how were you going to return to the Blue kingdom?" Vritra questioned. There was no way these pitiful guards could go back on their own.

"Uhm... we will see about that after arriving in the White kingdom." Releasing a long sigh, the guard said with a wry smile. Who would think about returning when they were going to die before even reaching that place?

"Alright, good job," Vritra said as he patted the guard’s shoulder and then glanced at the path they were just about to head to.

’Eight more days... wifey, you were right, just flying there would have been better.’ Vritra shook his head, but there was no point in thinking about it.

"Seriously, the teleportation ports are so nice. We can go anywhere in little time. Anyway, there is something that I can feel from the White kingdom, but maybe because we are still quite far, it is hard to tell," Yasmine said, her voice unsure.

"Hmm, I just hope it isn’t anything bad. Now that I think about it, we haven’t even used the Divine Sin Wheel to pull out new skills in a while.

I am getting a lot of points once we arrive in the White kingdom, and after upgrading the Divine Sin Arrow, I will rotate the wheel so many times..." Vritra imagined receiving more of those great hybrid skills.

"Haha, my hubby got addicted to gambling, but I am more curious about this upgrade."

Yasmine and Vritra chatted as he got back into his carriage once again. After eating food, they continued on their way.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...