Chapter 303: Suffocating

Before Joey could finish his sentence, Vritra all of a sudden moved to the front and without saying a word—

SLAAPPP!!

There was pin-drop silence all of a sudden.

Everyone stared at Vritra and Joey in shock. The old man hadn’t expected it in the least bit, that’s why despite his fast reflexes he had no time to dodge.

A few moments passed and then anger burst out inside Joey, but before he could say anything, Vritra spoke:

"Sir, how dare you even mention a reward? Do you think I did all that, protected those human lives, fought against those demons and gang scums just for some reward?

Are you belittling me or telling me I am so low that I did all that to receive something in return?

Tch, I— I never thought you were this sort of person, you are worse than a demon, a pig, a gutter worm." After speaking, Vritra shook his head and walked away, leaving Joey in utter bewilderment.

"Sir, I never thought you would go so low. How can you make a joke of my friend’s honour in front of everyone? You utter embarrassment of a leader."

Onest finally felt a lot better, and with a grin, he followed Vritra out.

Joey couldn’t understand what he had done wrong. Isn’t it normal to reward someone in the organization after they performed exceptionally well?

All the members looked at Joey with shame in their eyes, as if he had suddenly become the biggest criminal in the world.

"Hahaha, that was so good, his face hahaha, he looked so shocked. I am sure he won’t be able to sleep tonight, wondering what mistake he actually made."

Onest laughed as the two flew away from the base and towards the entrance.

They both were flying at a normal pace while Vritra kept waving at his followers.

"Well, it was kind of a dare to slap him, he should have done his job better, you know." Vritra added, more interested in the sin points he was receiving.

As Vritra got close to the entrance, he saw a large crowd already gathered there. And in front of the crowd, a person with a shiny head was standing.

"Shout with me!!" Monk Shitless spoke in a thunderous voice and then the entire crowd roared:

"ALL HAIL THE GOD OF MERCY, THE GOD WHO DESCENDED TO MAKE SLAVERY DISAPPEAR, PLEASE HELP US!!"

"Good work, my students." Shitless added, proudly.

{Sin Point Gained: Welcomed +144,123}

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +144,083}

{Sin Point Gained: Prayed to +143,952}

...

Instantly Vritra received lots of sin points. This evil little monk was actually quite good at managing things.

"Hello everyone, shall we start the purge?" Vritra paused in the air, an ethereal aura burning around his body, making the crowd even more crazed.

"You continue with your purge, I will go do my duty... sigh, earning honestly is so tiring." Onest sighed and walked away, he didn’t like being a watchman one bit.

The three women were already there, waiting for him, seated on either side of his chair.

Vritra took his seat, then after a short talk with his women, he looked at the growing crowd and spoke:

"I can see many people who want to be free from their tag as a slave, just take one step of courage and tell me, I will take care of the rest."

This time, more than the people who were here for free gold, there were slaves and people who came to support Vritra.

One by one, several slaves approached him. They were still afraid and unsure, but the ones who managed to gather courage received the sweet fruit of freedom.

...

Around three or so hours had passed, a few people in the crowd looked around sneakily.

They were from the Slave Beast Gang. Since they had failed to scare off Vritra, before sending their stronger force, they had decided to turn the crowd against him.

"I have a question for you." One of the gang members stood up and shouted, attracting all the attention.

"Sorry, I am too busy helping people than to sit here and answer your useless questions." Vritra said and ignored the man.

But he asked anyway: "What is your actual motive behind putting on all this show? Was it to get all our money or to rule the White Kingdom?"

"Hah, as if I would need money from your broke ass, I am rich. Who allowed you to even speak here? My dear followers, please kindly show this gentleman out who is wasting my time."

Vritra said, and the voice of the gang member was drowned in the angry curses of the crowd as he got beat up by people and thrown away.

The rest of the gang members, after seeing that scene, didn’t dare to speak. Even though the level of people in public wasn’t high, they hit like wild beasts.

This new day was even better than the previous. The number of people easily crossed two hundred thousand and continued to rise; Vritra’s popularity was skyrocketing.

To the point that the Slave Beast Gang had started to take him quite seriously, along with the demons, and even the kingdom’s royal family felt that Vritra was growing too big too fast.

But the royal family couldn’t do anything, at least not openly. After all, he was a member of the Golden Moon, and if they even tried to murder him, the entire family would be slaughtered immediately.

Thankfully, the demons and the Gang also didn’t make any drastic moves, probably since they couldn’t waste too many resources on a single person.

Not to mention they were going to take control of the entire kingdom anyway, so it didn’t matter if the royal family ruled it or Vritra.

By the end of the day, the number of people rose well over three hundred thousand and Vritra collected sin points like crazy.

Just in this short amount of time, the points he had gathered were going to be enormous, and Vritra just wasn’t going to stop until he had gathered a whole lot more.

Only when the sky started to turn dark did Vritra finally end the day, reluctantly, and return to the castle.

Again, he didn’t encounter Yennefer even once, but she was probably busy with her search or maybe she left. But since demons hadn’t attacked yet, she was most probably still in the kingdom.

Like usual, they ate dinner in peace, and after strolling around in different parts of the market, the four of them headed back towards their rooms.

Vritra truly felt like a celebrity no matter where he walked, all the people looked at him with respect and reverence.

Soon they returned to the castle. Just as they were heading towards their room, Vritra saw the beautiful Empress who was about to enter her room.

"Ben, I was waiting for you, can we have a talk?" Yennefer spoke, her expression was difficult to read.

Vritra nodded and looked at his women and said: "Go back to the room first, I will be there soon."

Fiona smiled, she gave a kiss on his cheek and spoke in a sweet voice: "Hurry up, darling."

A ripple went through Yennefer’s body as she saw the intimate gesture. For some reason, she didn’t like this suffocating feeling one bit.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...