Chapter 229: Calm before Storm

"We have to kill him, making him feel as much terror and pain as our families felt. Only then could our loved ones’ souls be able to rest in peace." One of the men shouted as he threw kerosene oil on the prince.

Hundreds of people looked at the prince with bloodshot eyes, holding all sorts of weapons, ready to give him a death worthy of his crimes.

...

Right after hearing about the youngest prince’s departure, the king left the castle.

He was shaken and had a really bad feeling about this. He regretted not just tying him down and keeping the youngest prince close, but why would he leave the castle with no guards whatsoever?

The prince was still wearing his rings, and Henry could vaguely sense his presence through one of those rings. With all his might he flew towards his son, each passing second making him feel as if the youngest prince was going farther away from him.

He came close to the dark alley and was shocked to see the large group of people gathered there, and then he heard the screaming sound.

Although it sounded completely different from his son, for some reason Henry felt his heart stop for a moment.

Gritting his teeth, he flew towards the altar at full speed and landed with a resounding explosion, throwing off the people that were busy torturing the young prince.

"F- Fath..." The person tied to the bamboo, who had countless injuries all over his body and was barely alive, called out before falling unconscious.

All the people that had been busy throwing all sorts of things at the prince and cutting his body suddenly froze. They wondered if the king wanted to take away the demon lord Vritra, but they couldn’t speak in front of him.

"..." Without saying anything, Henry approached his son, feeling the weight of each step. With trembling hands, he touched his shoulder and examined him.

Then he removed the makeup glyph as the prince reverted back to his original appearance. Everyone watching this was shocked, and they felt terror.

And it finally clicked— all this time they had been torturing none other than the youngest prince.

"Noooooo, open your eyes, son!!" Henry called out in desperation as he pulled him off the bamboo and began to feed him the highest-grade healing potions in his possession.

His injuries were too severe, and he was so close to death. The king was filled with endless rage. He glared at the people who had done all that, and with a wave of his hand, all of them were thrown backwards.

He really wanted to slaughter them all, but he already knew it was someone’s ploy, and these were the people of his own kingdom. So in the end, he took the youngest prince and flew away.

The people there were left in disheveled states, but they still couldn’t believe that all of them had just committed such a crime.

They looked at one another and shivered; the king just now had every right to kill them all.

...

’So he survived, I guess it is what it is.’ Vritra watched everything happen through the Nether Eye. One thing was for sure—even if the prince survived this, he would be traumatized for the rest of his life and could never be like before.

After all the tasks for the night were done, Vritra returned to his room. He changed into comfortable clothes and climbed onto the bed where Vanessa lay awake. Getting into the covers, he hugged his mother and the two chatted for a while.

"Haven’t that inheritance of yours opened yet?" Vanessa asked, feeling his lips against her soft breasts.

"No, but it shouldn’t be long before it opens." He replied, hugging her soft body tightly.

"Where will we be going next? The White Kingdom? I heard that it is several times bigger than even the Blue Kingdom and a whole lot richer.

Even the power levels of people there are much higher." She spoke, rubbing her fingers through his hair.

"Yeah, White Kingdom is the only place through which we can leave this continent. We will leave this place right after I get the mythic halo. Oh right, I have something for you." Vritra said as he pulled his face back a bit and took out the empty stone.

"Oh, I saw it before. Is this the stone you received after winning that competition? The one we need to reach the Legion rank?" She asked, looking at the small gem-like stone.

"Yes, keep it with yourself for now. You will be needing it very soon." Vritra passed the stone to her and decided to give one to Fiona and Diana later.

"The youngest prince almost died. Is it really okay for us to stay here? The king must be enraged, and I am sure he knows you are the one to do it.

Why don’t we wait for that inheritance somewhere else?" Vanessa questioned as Vritra once again buried his face into her fragrant bosom.

"Hmm. Alright, let’s leave tomorrow then." Vritra said. It was better to not take any risks after all. He could survive in most situations, but he didn’t want to put any of the three women in danger. Then he added:

"But for now you should just focus on your training. Leveling up isn’t an issue for you with me here, but with a high level you also need the ability to properly use all that power.

Anyway, you will be reaching the Legion rank very soon, probably in a couple of days, so congrats in advance, mom." Vritra said.

After ten or so minutes the two fell asleep, completely unaware of the danger approaching.

***

The next day was rather calm. Vritra was ready for any sort of sudden attack, but the king still didn’t make any move. At least he was more tactful and patient than Vritra had expected.

After getting ready, Vanessa and Vritra walked out of their room and headed straight towards the dining table, where Fiona and Diana were already waiting for them.

"So much happened last night, did you hear?" One of the maids serving the food talked with the other maid.

"Yes, all the potions and weapons were stolen and a lot of gold was gone, yet not a single guard has any idea who could have done this." The second maid replied as they stood to the side after bringing the dishes.

"Not only that, I heard the youngest prince almost died when he went out in the middle of the night. He is still getting treatment in his room right now." The first maid added.

The four, who had started eating their breakfast, heard the conversation. Diana looked at Vritra and asked hesitantly: "Is that all done by you?"

"Yes." Vritra replied simply. After a moment he paused and took out two empty stones from his inventory, giving one to Diana and the other to Fiona.

"Use this once you are ready to become Legion ranked. By the way, do the two of you have any field?" Vritra asked. All three women were leveling up too fast, so they probably didn’t have any time to work on it—just like him.

"Yes, my holy energy." Diana.

"Yes, my phoenix flames." Fiona.

"Yes, my charms." Vanessa.

Vritra: "..."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...