Chapter 445: Tasty Bites [R-18]

The two women completely covered Vritra.

Maeve was kissing him passionately while Yennefer was leaving her marks on his neck.

The fire of competition still burned between the two, both of them trying to have more of Vritra just for themselves.

Maeve wrapped her tongue around his, sucking hungrily as she tasted him, their lips tightly sealed.

Yennefer continued to suck his skin, moving from his neck to his shoulder, leaving darker marks over his pale milky skin.

After leaving more bite marks than Maeve, she finally moved towards his chest, licking and biting his skin.

While her soft palms roamed over his body, moving closer to his hardened cock, she teasingly touched the base of his penis.

Caressing along the length with the tip of her fingers, making his member twitch lightly as her fingers touched his glans.

Maeve just loved Vritra’s kisses. She was yet to go all the way with him, but just a kiss made her feel such a strong connection between the two.

"Mmmm SLURP Hmmm~" Maeve moaned.

She opened one of her eyes to glance at her opponent and saw Yennefer doing things she hadn’t even tried yet.

’Tch, she has already done all these things with Master. I want to try doing that too,’ Maeve thought, but she was still stuck at lesson three and knew little about making him feel good.

So she could only observe Yennefer and learn from her. It made her jealous, but she planned to do it better than her.

Yennefer kissed his cheek, giving a gentle lick to his nipple before moving down.

She shifted her body and sat over his leg, her wet and warm vagina pressing against his thigh.

She drew a line of her juices against his skin as she continued to slide back, releasing mild moans.

Finally, her gaze landed on his large cock. She had missed it a lot too.

She slowly cupped it and closed her eyes, feeling the familiar hardness and warmth, making her mouth watery.

"Hoo~" Yennefer blew air teasingly over the tip while caressing from base to top with her soft palms.

She leaned forward, her breast pressing against his leg while her pussy was close to his ankle, slowly grinding it against his feet.

Then her glistening lips parted and her tongue moved out slowly, giving his awaiting glans a lick.

"Mhmm~" Yennefer enjoyed the familiar mind-blowing taste; she really craved it so much.

The tip of her tongue moved slowly around the glans and then poked the tip, as drops of precum leaked out.

SLURP

Yennefer licked off all the drops, loving every bit of it while stroking it gently.

Maeve finally broke the kiss. She couldn’t let Yennefer have all the fun while she just got happy with a kiss.

She wanted more of her master too, and judging from Yennefer’s expressions, she really was enjoying it.

As their lips separated, a thick line of saliva stretched between their mouths.

Without wasting any time, Maeve sat over Vritra’s other leg, taking the exact pose as Yennefer, gently grinding her vagina against his leg with her face right in front of his cock.

While Yennefer was gripping around the base of his cock, Maeve quickly but softly held the middle part of the shaft, staring at it curiously.

This was the first time she was holding it—heck, it was actually the first time she was seeing it, and the size made her gulp her saliva, which was still full of Vritra’s taste.

’So this is master’s thing. It’s so huge and hard. So this needs to go inside and shoot for me to have master’s babies,’ Maeve thought, another evil plan forming in her mind.

Her master was too innocent. She would take his seed and have his children, then evilly have a long happy life with him.

Everything was perfect, but the problem was, she didn’t know what exactly to do.

’We have to lick it first before putting it in our body?’

Maeve wondered as she stuck out her tongue and began to lick the tip on the other side.

"What are you doing?" Yennefer paused and asked. She didn’t like sharing her meals.

Vritra was actually enjoying their cute fights and, of course, their combined efforts, especially Maeve’s clumsy actions.

"Don’t mind me and do your own thing. I want a taste of it too," Maeve said.

She still wanted Yennefer to teach her, so she didn’t try to stop her enemy.

"Heh, so you have never done this before?"

Yennefer had a smirk on her face. She already felt like the winner, but she didn’t underestimate the fox’s charms and skills.

"Mmmm~" Without caring about her, Yennefer once again leaned in and munched down around the head with her lips, sucking on it.

Replicating her, Maeve also bit on it. Thankfully, she had obtained some divine knowledge from a book, so she didn’t hurt her master by using her teeth.

’But isn’t he invincible? I can’t even hurt him if I try. Will this hurt him?’ Maeve wondered, letting her teeth lightly graze against the sensitive glans.

And because of his divine physique, Vritra felt no pain—but it felt even better.

He just closed his eyes and enjoyed, while caressing the heads of both the women.

Maeve didn’t bite with her teeth, but she would let them graze the tip every now and then, feeling the twitching of his penis.

Both Yennefer and Maeve licked and sucked around the tip and shaft.

This scene and feeling were just too wonderful.

"Husband, doesn’t it hurt you?" Yennefer asked, noticing how Maeve’s teeth kept grazing the tip.

The demoness even bit lightly over the side of his glans.

"Haa, no..." Vritra answered. He didn’t think having the divine physique would benefit him in this way; even if they bit the sensitive parts, there was no pain, only pleasure.

Maeve had just discovered something that instantly made her an addict. Her tongue hurriedly licked over the tip as she sucked for more of his precum.

Her lips circled around the tiny hole as she sucked, her lips hollowing, and tongue poking and rubbing. She was starting to move based on her instincts.

Yennefer pouted that she had to share, but this excited her for some reason. She brought her face close to his cock once again.

She gave a long lick to the shaft before biting on it lightly and looking at Vritra’s face for his reaction—and he really wasn’t in any pain.

The two women began to pleasure him while also enjoying eating up his cock. Despite the competition, the two were cooperating properly.

Their lips, tongues, and teeth moved all over his cock. Vritra hadn’t enjoyed a blowjob this much before; this was just on another level.

"What an irony—a demon and a person who hates demons more than anything, so happily enjoying something together.

They almost look like sisters, sharing a delicious meal," Yasmine laughed at the sight, as always, watching it for research purposes.

’Hmm, wifey, all that is missing is a sizzling hot dragon waifu. Really can’t wait for the day we actually meet, my lovely wife,’ Vritra said.

After collecting some more sin points, he really planned to go to the Dragon Kingdom.

Especially if he could get a few good things out of the Gacha.

"Sigh, such a gacha addict my hubby is, hehe can’t wait for it though."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...