Chapter 731 Jackal

Vritra didn't answer immediately, he looked forward and pondered.

The tower was pretty close, and there were no signs of the player, so the choice was pretty obvious.

"Let's continue to the tower, there is a high chance he will appear before us himself." He shrugged.

"Haa finally, this last challenge and we will be out of this damned place, I am tired of smelling blood all the time." Fiona spoke, sighing with mental exhaustion.

The group of eleven then continued to walk towards the tower.

It was so high that the tip had disappeared into the sky, the whole tower had a white colour and was round in shape.

There was a big door attached to it, and everything seemed pretty normal.

Walking for a while, the group arrived near the door.

"Are you all ready?" Vritra paused and looked back.

"Yes we are, honey!" Vanessa nodded, the others all agreed, only one hand rose tremblingly.

"U-Uhm can I leave now? I don't think I will be of any help to you." Asmodeus spoke in a meek tone.

"No, you will be coming inside with us. We need a scapegoat, right? In case something goes wrong." Vritra shrugged, he walked closer to the door and was about to push it open.

But just then…

RUMBLE

The ground rumbled and cracks started to form everywhere, in the next moment, thousands of tiny insects shot out of the ground.

They looked as if they were made of steel, and buzzed so violently, filling the surroundings with a strong noise.

"Sigh Looks like someone doesn't want us to enter, mom can you handle it?" Vritra asked.

To bring out the sneaky bug who was doing this all, they couldn't show their true strength.

"Of course." Vanessa nodded as she snapped her finger.

But no change occurred, in the next moment the insects were upon them.

The deadly metallic insects started to tear their bodies apart, Asmodeus was the first to try to flee but was devoured.

Vritra and the others were completely helpless against this, with each passing moment, their body condition worsening.

Far away from them, a man with a thin and tall build was gazing at them while holding a small mirror.

The small mirror showed the projections in which Vritra, Onest, Shitless, all of them were badly injured and even the women seemed close to death.

"Hmm? They are weaker than I thought, but what can one expect from someone who is hanging out with that weakling Asmodeus." Shaking his head he put away the mirror and stood up.

Then jumping down from the building he landed on the back of a big bird, that flew towards the one-sided battle area quickly.

He could control quite a few mutant beasts but it only had one drawback, anyone killed by his followers didn't give him any mutation energy.

So after the enemies were subdued, he needed to go kill them personally.

"Those women looked beautiful, I wonder if I should spare one or two of them. Keke it's been so long since I last talked with any person, while I am here, I should get one of them."

This thought made him very excited.

He had been searching for some women but this area had none at all.

After flying for a few minutes, he arrived at the battle area. Gazing down, he was happy that no one was dead yet, he had ordered the insects to not kill them after all.

After looking over all the women, he was confused and wondered which woman he should spare, they were all too beautiful.

'Well first let's deal with the men, can't give them the time to use their skills.' After thinking, he landed and took out a knife.

"So, Jackal, nice to meet you." A voice suddenly sounded out of nowhere, startling the player.

In the next moment, the scene changed completely, the buzzing insects were gone, lying all over the ground, dead.

The badly injured people were still perfectly fine, looking at him mockingly.

Vritra had his arms crossed as he looked at this guy, staring directly at his status panel.

[You have come in contact with a player!]

[Eliminate him to steal his ascension path and opportunities!]

[Player: Jackal]

[Ability: Control]

[Ascension Path: Mind Hex]

"H-Huh? Illusion?!!" Jackal's eyes widened in shock, he looked around and saw that they were all fine.

And it was probably that green-haired woman who was responsible for such a realistic illusion.

"Y-You bastard Asmodeus, you are helping an outsider to kill your own friend?!! You cowardly bastard, you backstabber, you traitor, you asshole-" Jackal furiously began to shout.

In fact he just needed to buy himself a little time, soon every creature he controlled would be here.

Even if they couldn't kill these people, he would have enough time to escape.

He continued to shout for a couple of minutes and internally called for support but just as the creatures got close, they disappeared.

'What is going on? They must be trying to trap me in another illusion, heh as if I will fall for the same thing again. I am going to kill them all!!'

Jackal's strength was actually rather high, he could even kill people who had achieved their 6th evolution.

But he was unfortunate enough to meet this group.

"You bastard Asmodeus, once we go back, I will butcher everyone you know. I will rip your intestines, I will feed you your own shit, I will cut you and let my dog eat you!!"

A few more minutes passed yet no help came.

"What have you done? Why aren't my mutants appearing?" finally Jackal could no longer pretend, he looked strangely at Vritra and Vanessa.

"Oh you were still waiting for them? I thought you just wanted to curse your friend that's why I didn't disturb you. As for those mutants…"

Vritra muttered then he pointed his finger towards the ground and then dragged it up.

And then thousands of different types of dead mutants were revealed, all of them had been killed the moment they got close enough.

There were no marks on their bodies but no life force either.

"Uwaaaaah!!" Jackal fell over on his butt in terror, at first he still had some confidence in defeating them if things went bad.

But now, he was completely in despair.

"Wait, this has to be your illusion, you bastards I am going to kill-"

Vritra shook his head, threw a stone forward that punctured through his waist, creating a large hole in Jackal's body.

COUGH COUGH

He coughed violently and fell back, his intestines were in a mess and belly torn apart.

Vritra threw a few more stones to finish him quickly, he didn't want to waste any more time on this useless player.

And as soon as Jackal died, various messages popped before Vritra.

Again, he got the new ability and ascension path.

"It is strange, so many of them have abilities that directly or indirectly control other beings, like Morgan, Magna, Jackal, I wonder if it has something to do with the challenge of the tower."

He wondered but there was no point in thinking.

Finally, Vritra pushed the door open as a blinding light flashed before their eyes.

A large floor was revealed which was crowded by thousands of zombies and at the centre of the horde was a giant.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...