Chapter 268: Face Slapping?

"Wait, we don’t really need a ticket to get inside," Vritra said, and with a flip of his finger, two tickets appeared between his fingers.

"Whoa, is that Misty Essence Mythic Halo?" Fiona asked, a playful smile appearing on her face.

"Yeah, and we got VIP tickets. Let’s go inside and watch this show." Vritra took her hand and walked towards the VIP entrance with his head held high.

The line in the VIP section was very small. Vritra and Fiona soon arrived at the front, and after showing their tickets, they were allowed to sit in the VIP area with better seats.

"Hehe, darling, going inside like this has a thrill of its own," Fiona said, enjoying the new sort of experience.

The two were soon seated, and it wasn’t long before the show started. It was the perfect mix of comedy and tricks. Those tricks might not seem as special to the people of this world, but for Fiona, the show was super great.

Vritra also enjoyed the comedy part, but without even trying, he could clearly see through their tricks, so they lost their charm.

He glanced around and saw that many men seemed more interested in Fiona rather than the show they had paid for, and it was at this moment that Vritra realized why he was given such a godly ability.

Dust Manipulation!!

In the next moment, several cries came as many of the men felt dust going into their eyes—it was even burning their eyes slightly.

Putting his arm over Fiona’s shoulder, Vritra embraced her possessively, giving a death glare to several men.

’Having beautiful women also requires a lot of work, sigh, I am suffering from success. The crown prince didn’t have to worry about that at least—his wife’s so ugly even his lustful father rejected her.’ Vritra thought, as he once again focused on the show.

The whole show was around an hour long; around forty minutes had passed when all of a sudden, a message popped in front of Vritra that took him by surprise.

{Divine Sin Arrow upgrade available!!}

{Require 30,000,000 Sin Points to upgrade the Divine Sin Arrow.}

{Would you like to upgrade?}

Vritra coughed imaginary blood. This greedy bastard—the price of each and everything was so damn high.

Thirty million for the upgrade... Vritra would have to work hard to earn those and also need a large audience to earn that, and getting that much attention usually meant trouble.

And this upgrade didn’t even specify the type of changes that would occur.

’With already so much mess here, if I grab too much attention, then I won’t even know which among my enemies had killed me. Damn it, why do I even have so many enemies?

Anyway, I guess I will have to wait until I reach the White Kingdom before I try anything.’ Vritra pondered. Although the White Kingdom was dangerous, that also meant more opportunities.

Pushing this topic to the back of his mind for now, he just focused on the show.

"Aside from the exorbitant price, I wonder what exactly this upgrade will bring. But I am sure it won’t be small," Yasmine said—nothing related to the word ’Divine’ could be average.

’Yeah, but the upgrade would have to wait,’ he replied.

...

After an hour, the show finally ended. Being in the VIP audience, Vritra and Fiona were even given funny-looking accessories as gifts before leaving.

Vritra and Fiona visited a few more shops—they did a little shopping, purchasing clothes for themselves and even for Vanessa and Diana.

After venturing around for a while, they stopped at a nice restaurant and had lunch.

For some reason, this date was unlike any before. In her heart, Fiona was anticipating how this date was going to end—she had always been too curious about sex, but in front of Vritra, she didn’t want to look weird or too horny.

"Haa, the food there was delicious. I ate a bit too much," Fiona rubbed her belly while speaking, but she was glad her stomach hadn’t puffed up after the meal.

"On our way to the hotel, I saw several shops with different challenges—would you like to check them out?" Vritra asked. By winning, they could get cute toys and teddies as well.

"Yes, that’s perfect. Let’s go there, darling." Fiona was really enjoying this date—from the start till now, there was a big, beautiful smile on her face.

After a short walk, Vritra and Fiona arrived at one of the shops. It was similar to something they had seen back on Earth too—the shooting game—except that they were using a bow and arrow here to shoot the target.

After three hits on the moving target, the winner would be able to get a toy of his choice from the shop.

Vritra and Fiona decided to watch others play first. Looking to the side, he saw another couple who were about to try it. The man was wearing the uniform of a guard commander, and he seemed to be in the 1st Legion rank.

The girl standing beside him was dressed in orange and seemed to be in her twenties. Her level was low, though she was fairly beautiful and was trying her best to seduce the guy.

Coincidentally, Vritra’s gaze met with the guy with glasses, who seemed rather arrogant—but when he looked beside Vritra, a look of pure jealousy appeared on his face.

Fiona was countless times more beautiful than the other girl. But the same happened when Fiona’s eyes met with the girl—she was also jealous upon seeing Vritra.

"Hmph, Jaggy, can you get that for me?" the girl threw a sidelong glance at Fiona while clinging to the glasses guy, as if saying: So what if Vritra is handsome? My guy is better.

"Ha! That is easy. Just stand behind me, I will get that immediately for you," Jaggy said, throwing a challenging glance towards Vritra.

The couple were clearly jealous of Vritra and Fiona and were trying to satisfy their egos for absolutely no reason. Both of them seemed too proud of the glasses guy’s job and strength.

"Jealousy is injurious to health, haha. Are we finally going to see the first face-slapping in the dramatic life of my hubby? If you want to know, then keep read—" Yasmine spoke but was interrupted by Vritra.

’Of course not, unless they try something. I am not going to start a fight for no reason... or am I?’ Vritra stopped himself when seeing the flames of retaliation burn over her face.

"..." For now, Fiona watched silently. The glasses guy was given five chances, and based on his level, the speed and the size of the target were adjusted, then he needed to shoot the arrows.

Out of the five tries, he actually managed to hit the target three times and won a gift.

"Hehe, thank you, my love. I will cherish this gift forever. Not everyone could be as good as you, hehe..." the girl glanced at Fiona and said. She really hated that her guy had a horse-like face while Fiona’s looked so charming.

"Darling, can you get that for me?" Fiona couldn’t let the other two look down on them. She held Vritra’s arm and said with a smile, making the other guy very jealous.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...