Chapter 501: Undying Mythic Halo

After a long kiss which still left them wanting more, their lips parted, the two wanted to continue but it was not the time yet.

Getting off the throne, they straightened their clothes.

"Do you have any news of Yennefer?" Vanessa asked, her expression turning sad.

The two didn’t really share a very close bond but she was now one of Vritra’s women and the one who saved his life.

So she too had already started to consider Maeve and Yennefer a part of the family.

"No, there is absolutely no clue about her right now." Vritra said, worry filling his heart.

"I have tried to search for both of you all this time, and wasn’t able to find anything either." Vanessa sighed.

"She is still alive, and I will definitely find her." Vritra spoke resolutely.

Together the two walked out of the hall, as Vritra began to explain the things that happened during and after the war.

About the Yate family, the games and more, he didn’t hide anything from her.

"The Yates... I had heard about them, very soon they would have ceased to exist." Vanessa had some inside info, that not even most of the Yate members would know.

And she got this news from the World Information Centre.

"So you know about the marriage promise between the two families, but why aren’t the Fords worried about the punishment?" he asked, looking at his mother’s palace.

It was as if the entire hidden city of charms had teleported to the midst of the continent, thankfully it didn’t get destroyed during the war.

"I am sure they are worried but they must have some way of getting out of it, though by paying a heavy price." Vanessa answered.

"Anyway, on my way here, I heard the feud between the succubus race, the humans and the phoenix race, it is just an act right?"

Vritra knew all his women pretty well, there was low to little chance of them fighting.

"Yes, if we don’t act then we would be too big of a threat for the righteous and evil organizations, we would either have to choose a side or get attacked by both."

Just like how things went with Vritra, if he had joined hands with one side, his burden would certainly have been lessened.

But still, he was happy with all his choices, he would never want to be a part of those groups.

"Okay, so who do you want to surprise first?" Vanessa paused and turned to face him, gazing intoxicatingly at his handsome face.

She really wanted to pounce at her son but held back, after all Vritra was doing the same.

He must be craving her just as much, if not more.

"Let’s meet Fiona then" before Vritra could finish, a barrier surrounded the two, stopping any sight or sound to leak outside.

Then Yasmine’s figure appeared beside Vritra, standing in her human form.

"Mom, I am really glad you are alright, in that war sigh..." Yasmine mumbled, she could really feel motherly care from her.

Although the two shared more than one relation but she was still Yasmine’s mother-in-law.

"Yeah I heard about the war, they will pay for doing all that, every single one of them." Vanessa gave Yasmine a hug.

"Haven’t you returned to the dragon kingdom yet? There shouldn’t be any problems with your current strength." Vanessa spoke, seeing that Yasmine was still just a soul.

"I am planning to go there right after meeting the others." Vritra nodded, he also needed to pay Dago a visit.

Yasmine wanted to get her body back so she could actually be present with her husband but also didn’t want it, since in that case, she can’t be with Vritra at all times.

After talking for a few more minutes, Vanessa spoke:

"Let’s head to the phoenix kingdom then, Fiona went there just a couple days ago."

Yasmine disappeared as the barrier also dissipated, then Vanessa passed on some orders to Layla.

After which, both Vritra and Vanessa flew into the sky, disappearing from sight.

"H- He really was her son... Vritra? HE IS BACK?!!" Layla spoke in shock, wasn’t he already dead?

But holding back her doubts, she got to work.

***

Inside a red luxurious palace, a lot of people were entering and leaving.

It seemed to be some sort of festival, with countless shops present in the streets and decorations adoring the whole place.

But even in such a big event, the Empress was nowhere to be seen.

Only a few people had actually seen her, and only two words popped in their minds.

Beautiful and fire, after Vritra’s disappearance, although all of his women were greatly affected.

But all others were mature enough to control their emotions and keep up their act for the final goal.

Though Fiona was different, even though knowing he was probably still alive, she was too hurt and filled with rage.

In the past year, after she became the Empress, she had personally killed countless creatures.

Whether it be demons or anyone else who made any mistakes, she would just burn them alive.

All the members of the phoenix race were just afraid of her, yet none dared to challenge her power.

The cute girl had become extremely violent and deadly, always seemed to be full of rage, like a volcano that could erupt at any moment.

Vanessa explained all of it to Vritra, it made him sad and worried, but he hoped he could heal her over time.

He preferred her to be just like how she was, even Diana had matured up, he needed cuteness.

Yet another event in which the queen was absent, but who would dare say anything.

If anything, she was actually a great leader, removing any sort of threat, and winning any wars she participated in.

Currently, the phoenix race could be ranked even above the dragon race, just because of her.

Fiona’s strength had grown tremendously, most of the time she was busy hunting.

Inside a big bath, the faint sound of water dropping could be heard.

A woman with long red hair, a sizzling hot body and a dangerous aura sat in the bathtub.

Scooping some water over her palm, she dripped it over her shoulder, her milky skin seemed to be glowing.

Her face was devoid of any emotions, mind buzzing with noises, eyes filled with flames.

A few months ago, while exploring an unknown inheritance, Fiona almost died.

She was so close to death, that she had actually resigned herself to her fate, just hoping to reunite with Vritra even if that’s the way.

But barely and somehow, she actually survived the biggest challenge of her life, even dozens of lords could’ve easily died in there.

Just like the level of its dangerous nature, the reward Fiona received was just as high.

She got one of the Mythic Halo, the fourth ranked, Undying Mythic Halo.

A Mythic Halo which could never be extinguished, it would continue to burn for eternity, being extremely deadly.

Nor could its wielder be killed as long as the flame had at least an ounce of energy, it was one of the most sought-out Mythic Halos.

Blood red flames burned around her body, perfectly in her control.

WHOOSH

There was a faint noise, alerting the dangerous Empress of phoenixes, as she got ready to eliminate the threat.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...