Chapter 488: The Game

When Vritra died, he found himself in a selfless state, he was present somewhere but could feel nothing.

It was almost like he had ceased to exist, but a part of his consciousness still existed, yet still locked.

Time passed, it wasn’t long before he finally felt warmth as sparkling light enveloped him, dragging his consciousness to a separate space.

At the same time, his new body started to construct.

As the world brightened up, getting filled with all the colours, Vritra appeared back in reality.

There was no body, he could only see and hear, and do nothing else.

He found himself in a rather familiar scene, a group of teenagers were just summoned by a goddess.

Though unlike Vritra they received quite the warm welcome, apparently there had been several previous summonings.

But Vritra’s view was bound to one of the summoned teenagers.

He watched as they trained, killed the demons, and completely got used to their new life.

One of them became a hero, after a long journey, the group fought against a demon lord.

Though they lost at first, they escaped successfully and in the next attempt, they killed the demon lord.

They received great honour, cheers by everyone. Their status was built, revered by everyone.

But it wasn’t long before they disappeared.

Yet everything continued as it was, years passed, and the memories of the heroes became blurred.

The demons remained rather subdued during that time, but once again they began to attack the humans.

And a new goddess summoned another group of heroes, the same cycle repeated.

But this time, other than the main hero, there was another powerful boy.

Growing way faster than the hero and the others, he was the first to kill the demon lord, all alone.

But that didn’t trigger anything and the heroes didn’t disappear.

Vritra’s consciousness remained with that one boy, who continued to grow rapidly.

And finally the hero killed one of the demon lords, like before they received great honour.

Soon, the whole group disappeared from the planet mysteriously.

But this time, Vritra actually got to see the scenes after their disappearance.

They were never sent back to their original planet, but instead appeared before the ten real gods.

Five of which were the good gods and five were the demon gods.

There were eight people in the group, while several had been killed along the way.

Then someone explained about a game, the game which the eight had already become a part of.

The gods were actually the administrators, five were given one planet and the other five were given another planet.

For their respective planet they were the good gods and the other five were the demon gods.

And then the heroes from the two planets would fight, the winners survive while the losing planet would be destroyed.

All living creatures in it would be killed, the planet would be turned into a living stone.

After the group got to know the shocking truth, about how insignificant everything had been, their struggle.

They were given the choice to either participate in the game or just surrender, of course that would mean their deaths too.

Vritra wasn’t able to see the game, but eventually the heroes of the first planet won, though a few died.

Now only four of the previous ones remained, the hero and that talented guy.

The planet in which Vritra was later summoned survived of course, while the other got destroyed as billions of creatures died in an instant.

But even after winning, although their planets continued to survive, the heroes were thrown into even more dangerous trials.

Unfortunately, before they could participate on a universal level, all of them had died.

Or so had the gods believed, as they chose another batch of heroes with regrets.

Though one of them had survived, but transformed into something completely different, a tiny bug.

That was how the Divine came to be.

Divine evolved, secretly became a part of the game, his strength increasing rapidly.

And before long he had strength enough to challenge one of the gods, yet he continued, almost evolving into a higher being.

Vritra even got to see all ten of the gods, getting to know their names, finally becoming aware of one of the six truths.

Yet being protected by the Divine’s protection, he wasn’t harmed.

The Divine united with the 1st Mythic Halo, the Halo of Creation, through which he created various strange and powerful skills.

Though the Divine never became owner of the 1st Mythic Halo, the two beings could be said to be friends.

Halo of Creation wasn’t a flame-like entity, instead it appeared like a silhouette with no particular shape.

This was the story of another of the six truths, the truth of betrayal.

Vritra couldn’t see the entirety of it, but saw that the Divine was killed by the 1st Mythic Halo itself.

"Well well, enjoying yourself?" Suddenly, Vritra’s consciousness drifted back into the nothingness, as the loud voice reverberated.

"Is it the Divine?" Finally he was able to speak at least, as Vritra made a guess.

"Yes, I am the Divine." The same bug, but millions of times bigger, appeared before Vritra.

As his mind was finally in his own control, Vritra couldn’t help but be distracted by thoughts of his family.

He wondered if all of them were safe, also sad that he was separated from them.

Was this how the afterlife was supposed to be?

He hoped his mother and the other women didn’t do anything in their anger, endangering themselves.

Then he got worried about Yasmine, wondering what happened to her and his soul wraiths, the mythic halos.

"Put a stop to your thoughts, you will have enough time to think about all that." The Divine interrupted, his voice ringing directly in Vritra’s head.

"...Hmm so you are the one responsible for this entire event, and so many things that had happened to me?" Vritra finally looked at the giant bug.

"Yes, it is yours truly, the Divine!"

"Thank you for giving me that level of strength." Vritra said, if it wasn’t for the divine sin wheel, his growth wouldn’t have been as fast.

Though with Mutamorphis, he could have survived but he still would have been far from killing a demon lord.

"Oh don’t mention tha" Divine waved one of his legs, but got interrupted.

"You stupid bastard, was it fun toying with my life? Putting me through all that trouble, even announcing to the entire world about my existence." Vritra shouted in anger.

If it wasn’t for that announcement, then he still would be earning millions of sin points in the continent or White Kingdom, growing safely.

"I was just a catalyst in this line of fate, just making things faster for you. If you hadn’t been erased completely, killed, how could you have a new better start?"

Divine said, as if shrugging his shoulder then continued:

"That fate, that body, that soul, all of it was too weak to reach higher levels. Believe me, I have been there.

And I chose the best fate for you, well not me exactly but you were chosen by someone else. She pressured me to make you my successor, and gave you that skill.

Anyway that’s not important. If I hadn’t done that, then you would have grown safely and slowly, but very soon you would have lost two of your lovers."

As the Divine mentioned this, Vritra finally calmed down but then he remembered something.

To trigger this, he needed to die but there was one other condition, a sacrifice.

"Wait, what was that about the sacrifice? Is everyone alright?" Vritra asked in worry.

"They are... at least for now. Anyway, make your choice. I can still make you peacefully return to your planet, where you can live happily with your mother and that red-haired girl.

You might not even remember a thing about this place, and live a long peaceful happy life.

Or be reborn as something far superior to a human, demon, dragon or even me, the Divine. I can only make one of them come true." Divine answered and continued in a serious tone.

"..." Vritra just hoped for the best, hoping that all of them were fine.

There was no way he would part with Yasmine, Yennefer, Maeve and Diana. There was no point in running from this fate now.

"Hoo I choose to be reborn here, but I still have so many questions." Vritra said.

"You do have quite a lot of time, but I don’t. But let me tell you a few things first." Divine then began to explain.

"You have seen the truth of gods, but if you were to use that recklessly, it could bring trouble for you so be careful.

You will become one of the truth itself, the truth of Divine, your existence might bring danger but remember that is how you grow.

And good job surviving so far, I didn’t have much hopes for you at first, but she insisted or rather forced me so I gave you whatever I can. I will come meet you again soon, so hold your questions, and... FUCK THE GODS!!"

Finally the insect exploded, turning into a beautiful firework and soon Vritra found himself sitting in darkness.

His soul and body were currently being created so it was just his consciousness which had taken a form.

"What am I supposed to do now? How long do I have to wait? You troll Divine, at least tell me that!!" Vritra was just surprised at all the new shocking news, but once again he was filled with anger towards the Divine.

He certainly enjoyed torturing him.

"Oh you are all here too?!!" Vritra finally looked back and saw several figures.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...