Chapter 321: My Emperor~ [R-18]

Yennefer caught his tongue between her pearl white teeth, nibbling on it and sucking with an unquenchable thirst.

The taste of their saliva mixed with the sweetness of the honey, making the kiss extra hot.

"Mmmm~ SLURP Hmmmm~" the empress wrapped her arms around his neck as she sucked into his mouth, squeezing his tongue in her mouth.

Her actions, although messy, were full of wildness. She wrapped her own tongue around his, their lips squished together in a wet kiss.

The room was filled with their heavy breathing and Yennefer’s muffled sounds. She pushed her tongue forward, trying to get a taste of him.

Her tongue rolled and rubbed inside Vritra’s mouth as his hands roamed over her body, squeezing the softness.

Without breaking the kiss, the two began to pull at each other’s clothes. They clumsily removed their clothes until there was no cloth left on their bodies.

And the moment their bare bodies came into contact, their warm skin directly touched, creating a fiery sensation between them.

"Hmmm~ Vritra haa GULP" for a moment, Yennefer broke the kiss as she once again sat on top of him, pressing down on the length of his cock with her vagina.

Feeling the burning hot rod against her sensitive area, the empress took a deep breath, letting out a faint moan.

There was no other thought in her mind right now but the feeling of becoming one with him again.

Opening her eyes, she looked directly into Vritra’s eyes. Fire of love burned within them, she looked at him with such possessiveness that she almost wanted to keep him locked in her sight.

Leaning forward, her boobs pressed against his chest, her soft pink nipples pressing into his skin.

Yennefer licked his cheek, tasting the sweet honey before capturing his mouth again, demanding more of his saliva.

As her tongue entered the war zone inside Vritra’s mouth against his tongue, the empress regretted not kissing him the last time they made love.

She chewed over his lips, putting her tongue down his throat almost as if she wanted to devour his mouth completely.

Sucking harder, she pulled more of the mixture of their saliva into her mouth before swallowing it, feeling the warm liquid enter her body.

While keeping one of her hands around his neck, Yennefer’s other hand slid down his body, coming onto his thigh from the side before touching his penis.

Her cheeks hollowed out as she sucked Vritra’s tongue into her mouth, sucking on it like candy, while gently touching his family jewels, massaging them gently in her soft palm.

Her boobs were squished between the two, her hard nipples poking into his skin.

"Mmpphhaa~" Yennefer finally broke the kiss, looking at him with an obsessive look while clinging to him covetously.

In a domineering tone, she asked: "Would you like to become the emperor of this empire?"

From her expression and her voice, it was obvious she would not accept a no.

Even though her strength might have disappeared for now, she still possessed that domineering presence that was impossible to remove.

Vritra turned and pressed her body under his, giving her a small kiss before whispering into her ear in an even more domineering tone: "But are you ready to be mine?"

A sexy smile spread across Yennefer’s face. She loved this side of him, the warrior that made her heart flutter.

"Make me yours hnnn~" She said, as Vritra bit her ear.

"P- Pleasure your Queen, show me that wonderful technique of haa haa yours again. I want your tongue in me first~" Yennefer said, her voice sultry.

Just the thought of that time, when Vritra ate her out, made her body shudder.

She loved to act domineering even during sex and Vritra was ready to fulfil the wishes of his wives, whether they be masochism like Diana, or roleplay like Fiona, or well, in the case of Vanessa, the entire relationship was more than any play.

"Of course my queen, just enjoy." Vritra said, a wide smile on his face.

He kissed her lips again, then her cheek before moving onto her neck, sucking her sweet milky skin into his mouth and biting lightly.

He kept the forbidden skill turned on, he wouldn’t want to hurt Yennefer by accident.

"Mhm~ Haa Hmmm~" Yennefer closed her eyes but tried to control her moans.

Maybe letting out those sounds was a bit shameful for her still. Vritra pulled her hand away before speaking: "Don’t hold back, I want to hear you more, you can be as loud as you want."

’Forbid: This room leaks out no sound.’ Vritra said in his mind, making it a writ, a natural rule.

[Forbidden activated.]

He could have also just brought the entire bed into the book of dimensions, but for now this much was fine. He had yet to completely test that book after all.

"Huff What if t- they hear me outside?" Yennefer asked, showing more of her womanly side. She never thought she could speak in such a tone or such words ever.

"No, just believe me, let’s go wild, right my queen?"

Vritra said, flashing a smile as Yennefer finally nodded. She loved how he played along with her.

Even though her kink was so strange, looking at Vritra her expressions became more confident and sultry as she opened her legs wide and said:

"Now now, don’t make your queen wait, I want to feel your tongue."

Vritra chuckled, for some reason he found her quite cute and hot. Each of his women had their own charm and he wouldn’t want them to change one bit.

"Yes, let me serve you, queen." Vritra said as he resumed with his kisses and bites.

He started licking and sucking her neck, biting her buttery skin and sucking hard enough to leave dark marks over her flawless skin.

"Annnggggg~ Hnnnnn~" Yennefer no longer held back as her sexy moans instantly filled the room, making Vritra even more excited.

He filled her neck with his marks, enjoying the feeling of marking the irresistible woman. His lips and tongue soon appeared over her shoulders.

Vritra felt her soft skin against his lips, and for a moment he paused. He picked up the jar of honey from the side and looked into her eyes with a naughty glint.

Her chest heaved up and down even faster as the empress’s excitement rose.

She watched as Vritra dipped his fingers into the honey and then smeared it over her shoulder, neck, chest, cleavage, nipples, down to her belly and even rubbed some over her vagina.

Wherever the honey touched, the empress felt like that part of her body had become an erogenous zone.

She wriggled under his touch and moaned, impatiently waiting for him to devour her completely.

After drawing a strange painting on her body with the honey, Vritra put the jar away and focused his attention back on her voluptuous body. She looked way too beautiful and hot.

Vritra licked the honey off his fingers, he had even poured some onto her luscious lips and into her mouth.

He found it strange that such a sexy and gorgeous woman could only be ranked second on the entire planet, both Yennefer and Yasmine had reached the peak of beauty.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...