Chapter 640 The Shoes

[A/N: Please Check out the prev chap again, i have later added more to it. The last line should be: Yasmine nodded, they didn't...]

After checking out several things, Gary and Mira were found to be two innocent teens.

After they were done eating, Vritra decided to continue the journey right away.

The more time they took, the stronger the opponent would get.

He was already lagging so much behind, although the sin wheel gave him an advantage, but who knows what abilities those ten players possessed.

"Stay close, and keep activating your skill if I tell you to." Vritra ordered as they all climbed down to the road.

"Y- Yes sir!" Gary nodded hastily, afraid of being left behind.

Mira was nervous at first but having other women close made her feel a bit calm.

"Let's go." Vritra turned as they started walking, he decided to take a few wolves as well.

[A Player has been detected in the Linden city!]

[Eliminating him will grant you his ability!]

[While if you get eliminated, your abilities will be stolen!]

Just then several messages popped in front of him, making Vritra pause.

"What's wrong, master?" Maeve asked, bumping into Vritra's back.

"There is a player in this city." Vritra said.

The growth of these players was higher than the people here, all of them also possessed cheats of their own.

"So, we have to kill him but does he also know of our presence?" Fiona questioned.

"No, but once we come across him, he might recognize us. These players are behind what happened on the Zoratian planet, we have to eliminate all ten of them." Vritra replied, he still felt unprepared.

"Let's clear the Wolves and Big Bang Colony, that will greatly increase our strength and kill other mutants along the way." He added.

"Alright hubby, less rest more fight!" Yasmine said, a fire burning in her eyes.

Then Vritra gestured towards Gary to lead the group, the teen nodded and started pointing the directions.

Before long they arrived at a junction with over a hundred mutants who were trying to enter a building.

They were probably chasing after some survivors, all of them were weak zombies.

Vritra paused and didn't attack immediately, he could use the blood manipulation to clear them out.

But after thinking he looked at Yasmine and asked: "Wifey, can you use your spiritual attack on me?"

"Uh… Okay." After slight hesitation she nodded, sure that he must have his reasons.

After concentrating, she used a weak spiritual attack on him.

Vritra instantly felt as if his head was tickled, it had no effect on him.

"Your spiritual attribute is lower than mine so just use full strength, don't worry, I will be fine." He spoke.

"…" Yasmine nodded and shot a full power spiritual attack.

This time Vritra felt as if his head was pricked by a needle, only feeling a fleeting pain.

[Evomorph Activated!]

[You have acquired Spiritual Burst!]

Vritra smiled in satisfaction, he was not sure it would work.

It was a great addition, since the spiritual attribute of most creatures was rather low.

[Spiritual Burst Activated!]

Turning to face the group of mutants who hadn't yet noticed them since they had turned invisible.

Vritra suddenly released a powerful mental attack.

BOOM

With a loud noise, the heads of nearly all the mutants exploded at once, while the remaining few died with their heads intact.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +53}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +51}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +50}

…

More than a hundred messages popped before him instantly, as warmth enveloped his body.

His family was also getting stronger just by being present there.

{Sin Points: 13,044}

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 45.2)

(Agility: 50.9)

(Endurance: 47.3)

(Spiritual: 30.6)

{Free Attribute: 6}

』

Vritra opened his status panel, his mind felt especially relaxed and cool after crossing the 30 point mark.

His agility had crossed 50 points, bringing a drastic increase.

The siblings were shocked to see so many mutants die at once, they looked at all the people and understood it must have been Vritra.

'H- He is strong?!!' they both exclaimed, feeling safer than before.

After a moment, he decided to use the sin wheel.

'Open rewards for 500 points with all my sin points.' he ordered as instantly a wheel started to spin before him.

[You have acquired 10,000 packets of instant noodles!]

[You have acquired the Chain of Calm!]

[You have acquired the Slippery Shoe!]

[You have acquired 2 Free Attributes!]

…

Instantly twenty six messages popped before him, giving him an even vast amount of supplies.

But this time, a few special items had come too.

『

[Chain of Calm]

[Description]: Wrap it around yourself and it will provide some level of protection against mental attacks. Can be used on a single entity or a group.

』

Vritra read the description and took out the Chain of Calm.

It was slightly milky in colour and quite light, nearly 30 centimetres in length.

Vritra wrapped it around his wrist and instantly felt a coolness wash over his mind.

'This is good, but with my high spiritual stat it won't be of much use to me.' He thought and looked over the stats of his family.

Vanessa and Yasmine both possessed high spiritual attributes.

Fiona, Diana and Teresa weren't lacking either.

Only Maeve was slightly lacking in mental defence.

Onest was fine too and Shitless, or rather the red mutant, didn't really need it.

"Foxie, this is for you." He called out, wrapping the chain around her delicate wrist.

"Thank you master." Maeve smiled happily, she loved getting gifts from her master.

『

[Slippery Shoe]

[Description]: A pair of boots that can momentarily increase your speed up to twice.

』

He took out the boots after reading the description, making the siblings wonder where he was taking them out from.

'How many abilities does he possess?'

'Can it increase my speed to 100?' Vritra wondered, if it could then this would be an even better treasure.

He quickly replaced his shoes with the Slippery Shoes, they fit perfectly and were quite light.

"Let's test." Activating the shoes, Vritra dashed forward at full speed.

BOOM

There was a sudden sonic boom as air splashed in all directions, it felt like Vritra had teleported.

His figure had travelled several hundred metres in moments.

He flashed back, a bit slower this time.

"Honey, these are great. We couldn't even see you." Vanessa said, both surprised and happy.

Vritra smiled, deciding to take the shoes for himself.

They would suit Onest too but with his high agility they were perfect for him.

He also got a few attribute points.

[2 agility, 2 Endurance, 4 Spiritual and 4 Free Attributes.]

{Sin Points: 44}

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 47.2)

(Agility: 50.9)

(Endurance: 49.3)

(Spiritual: 34.6)

{Free Attribute: 10}

』

"How far is the military base?" Vritra asked.

"It's just a kilometre or so ahead." Gary answered hastily, looking up to Vritra as if he was his idol.

Just being strong didn't mean much, there were quite a lot of such people.

But being strong and still being able to control one's emotions and behaviour, that was admirable.

Just after getting a little strength, the people here were committing all sorts of crimes.

Gary and Mira were sure, with the strength of Vritra's group they could wipe out the entire city, at least the humans.

Again, the group began to move.

"W- Wait, thank you for saving us!!" a head peeked out of the building all of a sudden.

And soon nearly fifty people walked out, looking fearful and relieved at the same time.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios