Chapter 685 The Adventurer Plans

Vritra walked into the balcony of one of the rooms, leaving the friends he believed he knew about but actually didn't, alone.

Shitless and Onest tried to explain, but it was too late.

Shaking his head, Vritra looked around at the white surroundings, though the snow was disappearing day by day.

"I still have 1 million sin points, I don't lack any supplies. But it would be great to draw out something good."

But first, he glanced at the attribute points he obtained from those 58 lotteries.

[9 Strength, 15 Agility, 14 Endurance, 12 Spiritual, 4 Free Attribute points.]

"Not bad, I have good ascension paths and I should be able to deal with most opponents." After a moment, he asked:

"Divine, at what point will the next evolution appear?"

"Hmm that will be at 1000 points, but that's still pretty far away." Divine replied instantly.

"Is there someone who has already gone through that evolution?"

Vritra continued to ask, he needed to know how powerful his opponent would be.

"Yes, there are, but they are pretty far away from you." He answered.

"I see, is there some way to finish this faster? I want to reach home as soon as possible." Vritra said, especially because of Yasmine.

"There is a way, you might be able to reach the second evolution very quickly.

And become one of the strongest in this entire game." Divine spoke, his tone serious.

After a pause, Vritra asked: "What is it? Is it doable?"

"Not for most, but it is similar to what you have already gone through.

Facing an endless wave of mutants and beasts, it will be very dangerous.

The beast cave is more of a trap, the ones who enter will be killed inside it." Divine explained.

"Beast cave, that's the place that Morgan was rushing to, he believed some very special reward is hidden there."

Thinking about that pig still made Vritra mad.

"Yeah, I can help you out a bit, but that battle will be difficult with many limitations. The chances of surviving that aren't high even for you, do you still want to try?"

If it was before, Vritra could have agreed immediately, but now he hesitated slightly, he didn't want his child to grow up fatherless.

Or his wives to feel despair.

"So, just heading to the tower like this and entering that beast cave, how high are the chances of survival in both of them?" Vritra asked.

"Well nearly the same, those people are growing very quickly. By the time you arrive there, it won't be easy to kill them." Divine said with a shrug.

"Sigh so there really isn't much of a choice. I need to enter to grow stronger, but I will be entering alone." He decided.

Then asked Divine for more information about the cave.

Just as Vritra was about to walk back into the room to rest, Divine added:

"Oh right, recently I got to fight some powerful guys, of course I was the victor."

"Hmm congrats… I guess? Why are you telling me?" Vritra could feel Divine brewing trouble.

"Oh it's nothing, it was the family of one of the higher beings.

When you reach that level you will need a place for yourself among them, so I was just helping you create that, it's no big deal." Then he went silent.

Vritra rolled his eyes, the higher beings are a lot stronger than gods and have much higher status.

Those higher beings are like the rulers who look over all the planets, while gods are their guards.

Divine beating them, Vritra wondered just how high his strength had reached.

'Anyway, if I am to go to the beast cave, I will need to find some way to keep this place safe.'

While walking into the room, he pondered.

"Anyway, draw rewards with 5000 points, use all of them." He ordered as the wheel quickly began to spin before him.

[You have obtained 100,000 boxes of peanut butter!]

[You have obtained the Unbreakable Turtle Shell!]

[You have obtained the Dew of Stamina!]

[You have obtained the Shield of Forever!]

[You have obtained 13 Spiritual Attribute points!]

…

Instantly 200 messages flashed before Vritra, and this time basic supplies were few but most were good rewards.

"Turtle shell?" he pulled out the glass like turtle shell and read about it.

『

[Unbreakable Turtle Shell]

[Description]: A strong defensive armor that is unbreakable until the user's mental state is firm. Though there could be other ways to break it.

』

"Good." With a light squeeze, the glass turtle broke into tiny specks of light and appeared all around him.

It covered his entire body.

『

[Dew of Stamina]

[Description]: A dew that instantly replenishes the stamina of the consumer and stops him from getting tired for 4 hours.

』

"This is good too, there are 20 dews, so I should be good for more than 80 hours."

Then he checked the Shield of Forever and found that Divine had really solved all his problems.

It could keep his family safe for over a month.

There were few other things such as healing items, they would come in handy later.

[51 Strength, 52 Agility, 64 Endurance, 60 Spiritual, 56 Free Attribute points!]

"Whoa, there are a lot!" he quickly looked at his status panel.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 440.6)

(Agility: 345.3)

(Endurance: 350.8)

(Spiritual: 387.3)

{Free Attribute: 76}

』

"Let's just keep the free attributes for now, I will add them later on in the beast cave."

After doing all this, he lay back on the bed.

Not far away, Yennefer and Maeve were undergoing their ascension.

"Let's wait a day now." He was pretty bored, though looking at his beautiful wives was refreshing, it was hard not to disturb them.

Their bodies were just too tempting.

He would have chatted with Shitless and Onest, but the two guys were busy with their stuff.

"They should be done by now, right?" but this thought made him chuckle, he of course knew the truth but it was fun to tease them.

So he decided to go out and joke around with them.

***

A day passed rather quietly, thankfully no one dared to bother them after Vritra's warning.

All the women one by one woke up, and they found some strength attribute crystals placed beside them.

These were the ones Vritra had taken from the cinema, he had stored a lot of them away but didn't get the chance to give them.

And now they could use them.

He had shared them with Shitless and Onest too, the two of them also started their ascension after making sure Vritra understood it was a misunderstanding.

Among the women, Diana was the last to wake up.

After they were all done, he called an urgent meeting and explained to them about the beast cave.

He didn't want to hide it, and also couldn't bring them along.

This was an adventure he must go on alone.

And it was a great thing that they would also be reaping benefits without actually going, their strength would also increase greatly.

Although reluctantly and with a lot of coercion, his wives gave in and Vritra made plans to head out.

Vritra was lying on the bed, making a list of all the rewards in his mind when Diana, Maeve, and Yennefer walked into the room.

All three of them were wearing sexy outfits under their robes.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios