Chapter 185: Ominous

"Oh ho, our Team Red is here once again, and they have one great leader and two legion-ranked warriors! Will they be able to show us a fight as great as the previous one? Let’s not waste any time and let the fight begin." TK announced in a loud voice, his excitement matching everyone among the spectators.

As the battle began, all the other participants were quite wary of the Red Team. They too tried to copy his tactic—forming teams and using tanks and distant damage dealers.

But Vritra didn’t follow the same pattern this time. He only needed to be wary of the team which also had two legion-ranked that he had rejected earlier, after which they formed a team of their own to defeat the Red Team.

"CHARGE!!" Vritra’s thunderous voice reverberated through the entire colosseum as everyone fell silent for a moment before they burst out with loud cheers, feeling the adrenaline rush.

Without caring about the defense, nine of the members of the Red Team shot towards one of the teams, avoiding the Purple Team which had two strong warriors. The other side, which was prepared to break Red Team’s previous formation, was completely baffled.

They didn’t even have the time to put up their defenses as they got attacked. Most of the members were evenly matched, so they might have still been able to hold on, but the two legion-ranked in Red Team were the game changers.

While Vritra was responsible for the defenses of all the members, a wall of dust would rise whenever anyone from his team was about to get injured, and the opponents would suddenly slip and get knocked in the next moment.

Vritra used the dust to slowly get rid of the ten members of the other team—blinding them and making them choke. He became their worst enemy while they were getting attacked by others.

The Red Team began to destroy one team after another. This tactic seemed even more brilliant than the previous one, and it heavily depended on Vritra. The fight would have been over in less than an hour, but how could Vritra just let such a great opportunity go to waste?

He collected as many sin points as possible. The number of spectators was much higher today, so Vritra slowed the pace and took a few rests in the middle of the match.

Still, after a little over four hours, only two teams remained on the stage. One was Red and the other was Purple. The two legion-ranked warriors were the biggest concern, but it was still within Vritra’s expectations.

As the final part of the fight began, the legion-ranked of Red and Purple Team began to fight one another, while the remaining matched against one another.

Vritra decided to reveal a bit of his strength; otherwise, if he suddenly defeated a legion-ranked the next day, then it would seem too suspicious. Forming two claws of dust, Vritra’s body became a blur as he knocked out the members of the other team with single and precise hits.

The other team didn’t even have the time to react as Vritra flashed behind them and hit the backs of their heads accurately, causing them to pass out instantly.

Everyone was amazed by Vritra’s prowess and efficiency. He had played the biggest part in the fight even today—his performance was even better than the legion-ranked.

From the spectators, Rich observed the fight in awe, seeing Vritra as a great commander that could easily lead armies of hundreds of thousands of people and bring easy victories with his strange tactics.

After dealing with the eight members within moments, he helped his team defeat the final two members, and after around twenty or so minutes, the fight finally ended.

"Whoa, excellent!! Bravo!! The Red Team—or rather Jin Woo—surely didn’t disappoint us. He surely is quite skilled in leading his team. And as everyone can see, we have our ten winners right here." TK said, his voice thundering.

After letting the crowd scream out a bit, he continued: "There will be one day of rest for our great warriors, and the day after tomorrow will be the finale where a single winner will be selected. And I have a special news for you all..."

He paused to create suspense among everyone. After a few seconds, he spoke: "On the finale, the King of the Blue Kingdom himself will come to give a special reward to the winner!!"

The crowd cheered even louder. From their shouts, it seemed they all loved their king quite a bit and were excited to see him.

Vritra didn’t care much about the king, but he had to know a bit about him to avoid any kind of future problem. Any kind of new change occurs around him and he gets the feeling that a new trouble is coming.

After collecting some more sin points, Vritra made his way back into the hall. After the registering process and shaking hands with all the flattering young men, he walked out of the colosseum and soon found the three women waiting for him.

"Honey, today’s battle was just as fantastic. You did so great even after hiding almost all of your strength," Vanessa said as she gave him a tight hug.

"You shone brilliantly in the arena, I love you!!" Fiona didn’t hesitate or shy away as she embraced Vritra too, giving a kiss over his cheek.

"Uhm... It’s good that you spared all those lambs—I mean, all those men." Diana said with a smile.

"Let’s go and eat something. And Diana, what do you know about the king?" Vritra asked as they began to walk away and soon arrived at the hotel.

"About the king... his name is Henry, and he is at the peak of 1st Legion rank and close to reaching the 2nd. He is a much better ruler than Aldric, who always put on an act and put himself above all others.

Well, from what I know, he does treat this kingdom as his own home and these people as his family. That’s why the Blue Kingdom is prospering so quickly.

Aside from that... hmm, oh yeah, I heard he has many wives and concubines and more than twenty children. His age should be a hundred."

Diana spoke whatever knowledge she possessed about the king of the Blue Kingdom. Of course, she had only met him a few times, so couldn’t be too sure about his nature.

’He doesn’t seem like a bad ruler. Wifey, do you know anything about him?’ Vritra asked. He wanted to make sure that this change—the arrival of the king—wasn’t a new ominous sign for him.

"I have never met him personally, but I did hear that he is a good ruler, and after a few more centuries, under his ruling this kingdom might even match the White Kingdom of this continent." Yasmine replied. She wouldn’t know too much about such a small kingdom where even the top powers are so weak.

’Looks pretty safe. I guess I was getting worried for nothing.’ Vritra sighed and set the matter aside for now.

After taking their seats in the hotel, they gave their order and soon began to eat together while talking about all sorts of things. This was such a wholesome time.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...