Chapter 196: Dominating [R-18]

"Don’t stare at me." The empress spoke with a frown, barely holding herself back for the sake of the inheritance.

She didn’t want to bring any other man for this task; at least Vritra looked super handsome, even better than the emperor who wouldn’t leave her alone and didn’t know what the word no meant.

"..." Vritra gulped while staring at the empress’s milky thighs, those thick, soft, voluptuous thighs. Her supple hips, and hiding between those soft petals, was the beautiful pink pussy.

"Tch, cover your face with this." Yennefer threw her handkerchief on his face, seeing that he was still staring at her body.

Vritra tore his eyes away from that beautiful sight, and feeling the dangerous aura, he placed the fragrantly smelling handkerchief over his eyes. The piece of cloth was filled with her scent.

"Uh, someone high and mighty like you shouldn’t be doing this with someone ordinary like me—" Vritra tried one last time.

"Sigh, fine. If you are so against it then you are free to leave, but... since you already know too much, I can’t just let you leave." Yennefer said in a plain tone.

’Why do these words sound so familiar? Haa, poor Diana. I pity her a tiny bit now. Wifey, my life is really in your hands now.’ Vritra thought.

"Just do your best to stun her for a moment, or maybe she will be dazed after obtaining the inheritance. That’s when we will do it." Yasmine said.

Hoo...

Finally, it was time to take care of this last step. After this, she would obtain one of the biggest treasures in existence—something she had been searching for years. The thing that would give her enough strength to oppose almost anyone.

’I just need to put it in my body, such an easy and simple thing...’ she thought, but now that she was actually about to do it, a slight feeling of nervousness filled her. She was a woman after all.

She placed her right leg to his left and stood on top of Vritra. If his eyes weren’t covered, he would have been able to see such a dazzling sight even more clearly. He held back on using his senses or the nether eye, since that could make her angry.

Yennefer’s expression became firm as she lowered her body in such an obscene position and hesitatingly took a hold of his soft penis.

Vritra felt her warm and soft grip.

’It’s soft and hot, so this needs to go in my body...’ she thought while holding the shaft lightly in her palm. Who would have imagined that the Empress—the future wife of the man who rules all humans—would be holding a random man’s penis and forcing herself on him.

Bringing her vagina near his waist, Yennefer pointed the tip of his cock at her entrance and then pushed her hips down as she sat on top of him. But except for a shuddering sensation, she didn’t feel anything entering her.

The empress glanced down and saw the shaft of his soft penis pressing down against her vagina. Tilting her head in confusion, she wondered why she failed, but she didn’t give up. Raising her waist again, she took a hold of his penis again, a bit tightly this time. Then she positioned herself and sat down. A shiver went through her body as his penis rubbed against the entrance, but it didn’t enter once again. She was simply sitting on top of it.

She felt confused and asked, "Hey, why didn’t it enter?"

"Because I am not hard yet, and you are not wet. This is your first time, right? So your vagina needs to be properly wet." Vritra answered. If they were going to do it anyway, then there was no point in refusing such a gorgeous woman.

"Then make it hard, and as for wetness, I have some water with me. Will it work?" the empress asked curiously. Her breathing had gotten faster at some point, blowing against her veil.

"Uhm... no, that’s not how it works. My penis will only get hard when I’m excited, and right now, how can I get excited when death is looming over me? As for you, well, water could work, but it would be better with the fluids released from your body." Vritra answered, slapping his forehead at her cluelessness.

"...Okay, I won’t kill you after this. Now get excited. And how do I draw those fluids from my body?" she asked, making Vritra roll his eyes.

"At least let me see you. Maybe that will excite me. And as for you, you will also get wet once you are excited." Vritra answered, needing to teach her every small thing.

"Fine." She said, her focus only on the inheritance. Even if he did see her for a few seconds, what would it matter if he dies here?

Vritra removed the handkerchief from his face and threw it into his inventory. Finally, he got another look at the lewd empress who was sitting on top of him, pressing her pussy against his penis.

Though it was quite stimulating, the thought that she would try to kill him the moment her objective was achieved stopped him from getting hard. A minute passed in silence.

Yennefer did feel a slight twitch of his cock against her vagina, but it still felt pretty soft. She stared at his face questioningly.

"Why aren’t you hard yet? And how am I supposed to get excited about this?" she asked.

"Hmm, maybe you can try grinding yourself on—" Vritra made a suggestion but...

GLARE

"Then how about you suck me off—"

GLARE

"How about you use your breasts too—"

GLARE

"Sigh, what am I supposed to do when you don’t want to do anything? Fine then, let me serve you. It will make us both excited, and we will be done with it quickly. There is no other option." Vritra said with a long sigh.

"Serve me?" Yennefer tilted her head. As an empress or a strong warrior who was feared and respected by everyone her entire life, these words sounded quite right to her.

And seemed to give her a strange type of satisfaction. Of course, he should be the one serving her—she is much higher than him in almost every aspect.

Vritra watched her expression closely and felt that she was the complete opposite of Diana, who wanted to be dominated. This empress here seemed to have developed the fetish of being the one in charge of everyone—even now.

"Alright, let’s do that." She nodded emotionlessly as she stood up and stepped to the side before asking, "So how are you going to serve me?"

"Of course, a woman as high and mighty as our greatest empress could just leave everything to me, your loyal subject. You can just sit down here—" Vritra said as he pointed to the blanket.

But with a humph sound, Yennefer waved her hand and took out a throne-like seat that appeared in front of her. Then she sat on it in a graceful manner, as if her lower body wasn’t naked at all.

Gesturing for Vritra to come closer, she said in an authoritative tone, unknowingly taking pleasure in this all.

"Come and serve me."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...