Chapter 134: The rumour

"I understand that it was an accident, but you still made a mistake, so you will receive a punishment... just not now," Vritra said. He had more important things to discuss for now.

"How are the preparations for going to the Blue Kingdom going?" he asked, as he patted the bed beside him and Diana sat down.

"..." Normally, Vritra was playful and joked around, but when he got angry, he looked so scary. Diana calmed her heart and replied.

"We are almost ready and would be able to leave in two or three days. Aside from your mother, do you want me to bring anyone else with me?" she asked.

"...Yeah, bring Fiona along with you." Vritra added after a slight pause.

"Fiona? But will she go? I’ve seen that she likes that electro boy quite a bit, so will she leave him here to go with you?" Diana asked suspiciously, wondering what exactly this Devil Monarch was thinking.

"You don’t have to worry about that. She will go willingly. And as for Max... let’s not waste our time talking about someone who doesn’t have long to live." Vritra changed the topic, and after thinking for a moment, he said:

"You can leave on the morning of the third day from today. I will follow along from some distance."

"Okay, I will make sure everything is ready by then." Diana nodded. It really felt like she had already started to adjust as his slave, agreeing to whatever he would say.

"There is something else I want to know." Vritra leaned forward as he asked, "Is there any kind of treasure that could increase my luck even a bit? Maybe in this kingdom or outside that you’ve heard of?"

"..." Diana pondered for a moment. Extra points couldn’t be added to the Luck stat, so it was quite difficult to increase it—after all, it is directly related to the fate of a person, and changing fate is not a small thing.

"I am not completely sure, but I have heard some rumor..." Diana began speaking in a low tone as if afraid that someone might hear her. She continued, "You know, a warrior of this kingdom had accidentally obtained a treasure that could increase a person’s luck for a short period, though I’m not sure by how much.

The king got him killed and stole his treasure. It became one of his greatest treasures, and he always keeps it close to himself—but I’m not entirely sure if this is all true or not."

"Do you know anything more about this possible treasure of the king?" Vritra got instantly interested in this topic.

"Yeah, it is supposed to be a ring, and it could only be used a single time. That’s why the king has kept it safely for so long—or so I’ve heard. But it won’t be easy to get it, even if the rumor is true." Diana answered.

"Alright, you just prepare for the trip to the Blue Kingdom." Vritra stood up and started walking toward the door, already thinking about how he was going to get this treasure.

Even if it was just a rumor, it was worth giving it a try—he might really get a few good treasures from the Divine Sin Wheel if he could borrow that one-time-use object.

"So are you going to steal—borrow that ring?" Yasmine asked as Vritra walked back toward his room.

’Yeah, definitely. I have to check if Aldric really has something like that or not.’ He replied.

"When are you going to do that?" she questioned.

’Tomorrow night,’ came the answer.

"Hmm, why not today?" Yasmine asked as she giggled. She already knew the answer to that.

’I need to train with Mom. That game with Fiona earlier was exciting, but I didn’t get to enjoy it much... so today is training time.’ Vritra said, as he soon arrived in front of his room.

He glanced at the timer of the Divine Sin Arrow and saw that there were still more than two days left. Vritra wondered just what kind of changes were going to occur that were taking so much time.

Throwing all that out of his mind, Vritra pushed open the door and walked in before shutting the door behind him hard.

Vanessa was busy cleaning the room, and when she heard the door open and then shut with a loud sound, she was startled. She saw Vritra enter, and then he walked toward her.

"Honey, what’s wrong? H- Huh? Waittttt~ Mmmph~"

Vritra picked her up and carried her to the bed. Before she knew it, her mouth was sealed and Vritra’s hands were hard at work as he started taking off her clothes.

"Mom, mmm, it’s training time." Vritra said before latching onto her nipples.

"Hnnngggggg~"

The loud moans were drowned inside the room as the pair of mother and son began their training.

******

The next morning, Fiona woke up from a dream with a red face and her heart racing. She cupped her cheeks and tried to shake off the dream she just had. For some reason... her dreams, thoughts, everything was filled with him.

This was a completely different feeling from what she felt for Max. She had several crushes in the past—all were bad boys, and Max was one of them—but none of them made her this restless, like she wanted to see him again.

Fiona suppressed this feeling and got ready for another day of training. As she arrived at the training area, instead of Max, her eyes seemed to be looking for a certain someone.

But her heart sank and she sighed in disappointment after not finding him anywhere. Max came to talk to her again after seeing her arrive with that tattooed face of his, but he seemed to be acting even ruder.

Fiona didn’t talk much to him. For an unknown reason, she couldn’t feel any excitement when talking to him. Instead, she began fighting demons to avoid him.

"Hey Fiona, how is your training going?"

Fiona’s ears pricked up as she heard the voice she had been longing to hear. She smiled but then tried to act normal as she looked at him and said, "It’s going good."

She moved away from the demon and decided to take a break from fighting... but it had nothing to do with Vritra. She just got tired after fighting the orc for five minutes.

Fiona stood in front of him as Vritra casually took her hand in his and smiled, and she didn’t pull away—just feeling his tight grasp.

Max saw this scene from a distance and at first felt angry, but then he harrumphed and thought:

"Heh, you don’t have any chance with her. The nicer you act toward her, the more she’ll hate you. Just you wait and see—in the end, she will choose me."

"That’s good, so do you—" Vritra was about to speak when the guards came toward them and spoke:

"Today we will be changing the location of the training. We have already prepared the carriages, so everyone, let’s leave," the guards said and pointed toward the carriages that had just arrived some distance away.

Fiona had no interest in going, but she glanced at Vritra and asked casually, "Are you going to go?"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...