Chapter 549 Submissive

"Are you Teresa Ford?" Smog looked at the woman completely covered by clothes and questioned.

"Sigh, she isn't going to go with you." Sir Giant spoke, he might have retired but he knew Golden Moon pretty well and wouldn't want his granddaughter to go there.

"It is direct orders from the Oracle, I have no say in it." Smog said, seeing how several of them stepped in front of that woman, he was certain she was Teresa.

"Bring him here if you want, but my granddaughter is not going anywhere." Sir Giant said firmly.

'I can't defeat Sir Giant with my strength, not to mention there are so many lords here. It seems I have to choose some other tactic.'

After thinking for a moment, he decided to target Teresa directly.

"Teresa Ford, come willingly with me or your entire family will be in trouble. With your status and abilities, it is unfortunate but you can't enjoy a normal life. So for your family, come and just have a talk with the Oracle." Smog said.

"Oh, are you threatening us now? That brat Oracle sure has grown. Go back, I will be there soon to pay him a visit." Sir Giant spoke, his voice full of anger.

They knew how kind Teresa was, she always helped others and never wanted to hurt anyone.

Going there would either mean a life worse than death, slaving away or just death, by stealing others' misfortunes.

"You are misunder-" Smog couldn't go back just like that, but suddenly he was interrupted.

"You want to bring Teresa away? Alright, go ahead, but how are you going to bring her there?" Vritra asked, shocking everyone present around.

"What are you-" Shen questioned in a loud voice.

"You know, we don't stand a chance against the Golden Moon or the Divine Kage. If we don't surrender, both of our families will be destroyed."

Vritra answered, then turning his gaze to one of the seats.

"Oh, uhm, good choice. You must be her husband. I heard you are pretty strong and it seems you are smart too. As for going back, she can just follow me by flying." Smog replied, nodding in satisfaction.

Finally, there seemed to be a way to succeed.

"No no, that won't work. You know how weak Tess is, and you expect her to fly so far? Not to mention the danger if she accidentally touched anyone."

 Vritra shook his head, as if her safety was his biggest concern.

"Oh, then what do you suggest?" Smog questioned, he hadn't really thought much about this. He wasn't even sure if he could succeed.

Shen, Sir Giant, Gunter and many tried to speak, but Vritra just shushed them, not allowing them to speak.

"Don't worry, I have to take proper care of my wife, so I have already thought of a way." Vritra said as he created a long and heavy chain from dust and turned it into metal.

But to others, it seemed as if he had taken it out of his inventory.

Then he walked away and tied one end of the chain around Teresa's feet under her baffled gaze and then brought the other side to Smog.

"Just use this, fly as fast as you can. With your support, she will be able to manage." Vritra said, as Smog took the chain.

He had a feeling that something was wrong, but he just couldn't put his finger on it.

Nearby, Vanessa and the others were also present, they could barely hold back their laughter as they watched the scene.

"What do you think you are doing? Weren't you just boasting about protecting her? And at the first sign of danger you are just going to-"

Sir Giant was about to snatch the chain away but Vritra just pushed him back.

"Old guy, don't buzz too much. You don't have much battery left in you anyway. It wouldn't feel good if you died the next day of our wedding, right?" Vritra spoke, then looked at Smog.

"What are you waiting for now? Go ahead or they will try to stop you. Go as fast as possible, don't stop until you are at your headquarters."

As soon as Smog heard that, he was filled with joy. He had so easily completed such an important mission.

Entering the Ford realm and then taking their daughter away was a life threatening mission, but he succeeded.

So Smog turned and, with all his might, flew up. Within moments, he was out of the Ford realm.

"Aaaaaaaaah! S- Saveeeee meeeee!"

The illusion broke, Teresa was still standing at her original position.

The chain pulled the other person along, almost ripping their leg apart as Sakshi got dragged away, her face hitting the ground.

She tried to stop herself but only ended up hurting her fingers and nails, she was nowhere near as strong as Smog.

Under everyone's baffled gazes, Sakshi disappeared from the Ford realm, skidding all over the ground and smashing into all sorts of things.

"Now that this is taken care of, we will be leaving." Vritra spoke as he walked back to his original place and took Teresa's hand.

She too was just as surprised as the others. Teresa wasn't under the illusion earlier and she clearly saw what her husband was doing.

Unlike what others were thinking, he protected her again.

"T- That!" Shen hurriedly flew away, he still needed to save that woman.

But her screams continued to ring out even as she travelled far, her throat was already injured, so it sounded very hoarse.

Gunter, Ava, Fiona, Diana and the others sat inside the vehicles. Vritra's women had decided to go together with them.

Vritra and Teresa were still outside, they would be going back in a different vehicle.

After getting over his shock, Sir Giant turned and spoke, "You saw that right? Now that her identity is exposed, more and more people will be coming for her. So she will have to stay here."

"Haa, enough. Do you think she is some tool you should keep here and make her keep working for you? If you stop me once more, I will make you regret it." Vritra said, his face emotionless.

"Let's go." Tess tugged at his sleeve, she didn't want to see them fight.

Vritra first helped Teresa sit inside carefully, then sat beside her.

But Sir Giant, partly because he was worried about her and also since without her the Ford family's strength would reduce a lot, couldn't allow Teresa to leave.

"No matter what, she is not going to leave this realm-" Shaking his head, he spoke.

But his words were cut off as Vritra suddenly flashed before Sir Giant, then a light punch headed towards his chest.

It seemed so slow, yet came close to his chest in an instant.

Sir Giant had no time to dodge, the most he could do was increase his defence.

Instantly, his body got covered by greyish skin, his size increasing slightly.

BOOOOOOM!!

The moment the light punch landed on Sir Giant's body, his strong defences collapsed.

A big hole appeared in his torso, even blasting away a big part of the palace behind them while throwing his body dozens of kilometres away.

Vritra had only used a little force, the difference between a demi god and a lord was way too big.

❖❖❖