Chapter 405: Intruders

"P- Pitiful one?!! Sob Save meeeee..." Monk Shitless jumped up to hug Vritra, but ended up jumping into the arms of the pope, wiping off his tears and snot.

"Cough Let’s go out and talk." Vritra barely held back his laugh seeing the monk leave sticky water over the pope’s robe.

"Sob O- Okay..." he nodded and followed after him silently, attracting quite a few glances from the people around.

Arriving at a stall nearby, they sat outside and ordered some tea, then Vritra asked: "So what trouble did you cause this time?"

"I d- didn’t do anything this time, it was Onest. He kidnapped my Bullo with some food and blackmailed me to keep the pope busy for a while since he was going to steal something from the temple," Shitless explained.

As the tea arrived, he drank the entire glass in one gulp only to regret it.

"And you know what he is stealing?" Vritra questioned, passing on some water.

"Yes, it hoo hoo was the statue of the god they all pray to. I heard it is very, very expensive and p- precious to them. They won’t even let anyone see it," Shitless answered.

’Hmm. Stealing...’ A couple of thoughts did appear in Vritra’s mind but it still won’t be enough to get a lot of Sin points.

"Had he succeeded yet?" he questioned.

"No, today he was just going to make a mental map of the entire place, and see what sort of barriers and traps are used there." Sonia secretly picked Vritra’s glass of tea and began to sip it slowly.

"Okay, tell him to finish stealing by tomorrow or I will personally throw him back in that prison," Vritra said seriously.

"W- What? You want him to continue with the robbery, t- then what about me...?" Shitless put the glass down and asked with a pitiful look.

"Keep doing what you are doing, you are talented at this." Vritra patted his shoulder then he paid the money and stood up.

This was one of the biggest temples in the entire continent and even the emperor often went there. If their greatest treasure is stolen then it is bound to attract a whole lot of attention.

Though it will still be dangerous, there would be no gains without any risks.

Shitless sighed and just continued to drink.

He wondered when his life went wrong. From the great demon monk he was now just a woman, trying to grab an old man’s attention.

"It’ll be fine. I will rise one day definitely. All demon lords would be praying to me at that time," Shitless comforted himself.

But just as Vritra had left, several guards charged towards him. The curfew was still going on; it was only because of Misty Essence that no one saw them.

...

Vritra flew away. He decided to go and meet Maeve and continue with the training; he still needed to fill up the Charged Fist bar after all.

As he neared the building, Vritra sensed that the demoness’s room was covered by a barrier that made it impossible for anyone to see or sense her.

But he could clearly see her. Maeve sat near the window, staring at the sky with an emotionless face, her chin resting over her hand.

It looked like such a beautiful painting; the demoness was truly so gorgeous.

Shaking his head, Vritra directly teleported inside the room.

"Foxie..." Vritra called out from behind. Her body trembled as surprise ran across her mind, then she turned and her expression instantly turned happy.

{Sin Point Gained: Surprised +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Overjoyed +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Adorned +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Loved +1}

...

Seeing the messages, Vritra sighed. It seemed the fox demon had already developed feelings for him.

"Masterrr~" With her eyes closed and lips forming a big smile, she jumped into his arms, joy shooting through her heart.

"I almost thought you wouldn’t return again, hehe I am so happy," Maeve spoke before pulling her head back and looking at his face, a strange glint passing through her eyes.

"Shall we go out for practice?" Vritra asked directly, he clearly knew what that intense look in her eyes meant.

"Yesss! And don’t you worry, I will hit you a lot today. I won’t run out of energy like the previous time. Have you brought the costume I gave last time?" The way she spoke it, the fox made it sound quite strange.

"Yeah, let’s go." Taking her hand, the two flew out.

With the curfew still in effect, the streets were completely empty and only guards could be seen around.

After reaching near the entrance of the Ghazi city, Vritra paused and spoke: "Wait here a bit for me, I will be back in a couple of minutes."

"Okay master, but hurry up." Maeve nodded as she sat over one of the tree’s branches.

Vritra returned to the city of Charms and delivered all the things they had asked for. He didn’t spend too much time and left quickly.

Maeve was happy when Vritra really returned so quickly. After traveling further away, the two stopped and got ready.

"Master, should I go all out?" she questioned. The demoness enjoyed even fighting him, at least that way she could get really close to him.

"Yeah, don’t hold back." Vritra nodded as he readied himself.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

In the next moment, her fist landed over his chest, creating a very loud explosive sound as Vritra’s body shot back like a rocket.

BANG BANG

He broke one tree after another, creating a large crater in the ground and getting thrown several kilometres away.

Once Vritra stopped, he looked above and the demoness was already there, staring at his body with a strange look.

And so Vritra remembered he had forgotten to change into the suit she had given him.

Like before, the clothes on his upper body had been torn away.

"GULP Thank you master..." Maeve mumbled, wiping the imaginary drool.

Vritra rolled his eyes as he put on the bodysuit and again they got into training.

Though slowly, the Charged Fist percentage was increasing, making Vritra wonder just how much power it would hold at full.

Thankfully he possessed the Divine Physique otherwise this skill won’t be as effective at his current level.

***

Time passed rather quickly. Maeve barely took any rests as she kept launching full powered attacks one after another.

Soon more than four hours had passed and by now, the demoness was getting slightly tired.

"Let’s take a rest." Vritra said as he pulled a table and chairs. He sat down on one and pulled one beside him for her.

"Thank you master, sigh this training is really draining, I am so tired." Acting weak, she stumbled and ended up sitting over his lap. She weakly put her head onto his shoulder and panted.

"..." Vritra couldn’t help but chuckle at her overacting, but just as he was about to speak, the two sensed several presences rushing from the distance.

He frowned while Maeve’s expression changed as well. She seemed to recognise that faint aura.

In the next moment, a group of ten popped in front of them. It was almost like they had teleported to their location from nearby, leaving Vritra surprised.

There was a woman leading the group and nine men.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...