Chapter 141: Voromir Zuke

Inside the forest, close to the labyrinth.

Three people floated in the air, hiding behind the clouds, as they gazed down at the resting place of their lord. All three of them were distinct in looks but wore similar worn-out leather clothes, as if they dearly cherished those clothes.

The three demons were named Rothellis, Silquor, and Morvik.

They served under the demon lord Voromir Zuke, the demon lord that had been slain quite some time ago by that wretched and overly ambitious Mythic Halo.

The three demon generals had lost so many from their army, their resources, fort, and everything had long been taken away by other demon lords. The demon world is much more wretched than the humans’, or so the three demon generals believed.

They hid themselves from the world for a long time and searched for any remnants of their lord, and finally, their search bore fruit, as they found Voromir Zuke’s resting place.

Even though he had been killed a long time ago, his energy, blood, and traces of soul and will still lingered in that labyrinth.

And that was more than enough to resurrect him. But it was the rebirth of a demon lord. It needed a large amount of time, sacrifices, and preparations. The three demon generals even made deals with the lowly humans just for the sake of their lord.

But it won’t be long before they succeed in their task. And this kingdom was just the perfect place for that. All the resources and countless lives would be lost, but what does it matter if the goal is achieved—even if the entire kingdom becomes barren?

Rothellis stood tall in the air. His body was burly with two curved horns over his head. His skin was greyish, and just by seeing him, anyone would think he is a brute who focuses on strength.

His clothes seemed to be barely holding his large muscles. His height was over eight feet, and he looked like a little giant.

With a ferocious expression on his face, he looked as if he was just ready to fight, waiting for someone’s invitation.

Silquor was scrawny and old, almost looking as if he was barely holding onto life. Upon seeing him, anyone would think that the swaying winds might blow him away.

His clothes hung loosely to his body. His skin was dark yellow and looked shriveled. He held onto a walking stick and kept shaking.

The last, Morvik, wore completely white clothes from the top of his head to his feet. Not even his pupils were exposed out of those white clothes. It was hard to guess even his height from seeing him, but above those clean white cloth, he too wore the same old clothes as the other two demon generals.

The strength of the three demon generals was off the charts—they could crush Bob and Bobby in an instant. They had worked really hard and had never been this close to their goal.

The three stared at the labyrinth and discussed in calm yet excited voices.

"The energy of our lord seems to have weakened quite a bit from the last time we were here," Rothellis spoke with his fists clenched behind his back.

"These puny humans dare to use the energy, flesh, and blood of our lord for their growth. All of them will have to pay for this. None of them could escape the punishment, and once our lord returns, we will be able to rise once again," Silquor spoke, his voice coming out slightly trembling.

"Let’s deal with them later. The most important matter right now is to bring our lord back. Have you kept it safely?" Morvik’s voice was more like a loud whisper; his voice sounded like the hissing of a snake.

"Yeah, this was the hardest object to obtain. We had to go through so much trouble to obtain this." Silquor took out a black box from a cube, which is called Glyph in this world.

He opened the lid of the box and an extremely terrifying aura burst out of the box, making even the demon generals shiver. This was the core of a demon lord.

Someone who stands at the pinnacle under the gods, the demon lord could kill the generals within moments—their power was just that great.

The three generals knelt in the air as they showed respect to the Energy Core of their lord. The energy core glowed with a dark bluish colour. It was spherical and had a bit over two centimetres in diameter.

That small thing possessed a vast amount of energy. Then they praised their lord with utter respect:

"We greet our lord. The Zuke shall live forever." the three shouted.

"Hmph, if it wasn’t for that wretched Nihil-Anima Mythic Halo, our lord wouldn’t have died. He was one of the strongest under the command of one of the demon gods," Rothellis said, his voice full of arrogance. His bull-like face was scrunched up as he cursed the demons who took advantage of their lord’s death.

"But our lord was wise enough to prepare this second core that was just as great as his original core—if not more. I believe after the resurrection, his strength will be even higher," Silquor muttered as he looked at the spherical core, which was a great treasure even for a demon lord.

Voromir Zuke had prepared the essence core in advance, but getting it and bringing it here safely had been anything but easy. It took them several years just to come to this final step.

"Let’s not waste any time and start with the rituals. It will take over a week for our lord to return. If we delay, unseen events might lead to trouble. Those cultist bastards have been lurking around this kingdom, following us and sniffing like the damn dogs they are," Rothellis cursed.

"The Nine Pacts have been asking us to take care of someone for them. These pesky bugs think just because we made a deal, they can control us. Just a little longer and they will remember the terror of our lord," Morvik said, his voice a loud whisper.

"I sense some unusual activity in the labyrinth. Do you think that wretched Mythic Halo could still be alive?" Rothellis muttered as he sensed the strange but weak fluctuations coming from the deepest parts of the labyrinth.

"Tsk, I doubt it could have survived that barrage of attacks. And even if it did somehow, seeing how it is still hiding despite its proud and ambitious behaviour, then it must be seriously injured.

That would be just perfect— as our lord forces the 3rd ranked Mythic Halo to submit," Silquor said out loud as the three generals laughed loudly at the great future that lay ahead of them.

They were still kneeling under the dangerous aura that reminded them of their lord. It was almost like he was standing in front of them, stronger than ever.

"Alright, let’s start." The three nodded at one another as they stood up and prepared to leave.

WHOOSH

Right at that moment, a strong wind swept across the entire forest, but it held no energy and seemed more as if a huge fan had been swung across the forest.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...