Chapter 622 Upgrade?

『

[Name]: Vritra Arclis

[Species]: Human

[Mutation Progress]: 0/100 (Unawakened)

[Stats]

(Strength: 1.1)

(Agility: 1.2)

(Endurance: 1.2)

(Spiritual: 1.2)

{Note: 1 stat is average.}

』

To Vritra's surprise, the status panel actually popped up. He read it over and was surprised.

'Human? The people here are humans too wait, I have become one too? Anyway, I need to increase my stats it seems.' He thought and spoke.

"Check your status panels."

They had all forgotten about it too. Vritra again peeked out and wondered if he could see the stats of the mutant too.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 7.7)

(Agility: 5.0)

(Endurance: 7.8)

(Spiritual: 1.0)

』

"That mutant is almost eight times stronger and tougher, and it's faster too. Killing it will be impossible." Vritra deduced.

He was yet to form a general idea of strength difference based on stats.

But without any ability, killing that would be near impossible.

Then his gaze moved to the only closed door among the other three apartments, and Divine's words reverberated in his mind.

'Be as brutal as possible, and mutants aren't the only danger.'

Looking over the floor and the bloody footprints, it was clear that the people inside had killed and looted.

So any hesitation instantly disappeared from his heart.

Vritra took Vanessa's weapon, which was a broken iron rod.

"Honey, what are you planning?" Vanessa asked in worry. For now, they could do nothing.

Their stats were mostly even lower than 1.

"Just trying something." Vritra held the baseball bat and rod in one hand and picked up a leg of the broken table.

Then he opened the door again.

After glancing around and making sure no one else was in the dim hallway, he threw the wooden leg in the opposite direction of the mutant.

Then he hurriedly closed the door.

Vritra waited and heard no further sound. It seemed that mutant wasn't attracted by noise.

Releasing a long nervous breath, he opened the door and slowly walked towards the locked door in front.

Inside the other apartment, four burly men with several cuts over their bodies sat on the ground, enjoying rice.

"Damn Lukas, you shouldn't have killed her right away, we could have had our fun." The man with a bandana on his head spoke. It had been so long since they ate rice.

"That old woman? Seriously?"

Lukas, a man who seemed the youngest, spoke in disgust.

"Oh come on, beggars can't be choosers. How long has it been since we found a woman. Damn, we were lucky to find rice and survivors in this place."

Another person added, sighing in disappointment.

"That isn't important, we have to leave without attracting that smiling motherfucker. That's one scary mutant."

The fourth man added, shivering as he remembered seeing it.

Thankfully that mutant couldn't hear, or they would have been dead by now.

"Let's finish quickly and leave, I will use my stealth skill to hide our pres"

Just as Lukas was speaking, they heard the sound of some object falling on the other side of the hallway.

"What was that?" the bandana man frowned and suddenly

KNOCK KNOCK

There were urgent knocks on the door, then sounded a pleading tone.

"P- Please help me, I am begging you, open the door, that monster SOB is going to kill me…" it was the sound of a young woman crying.

The four men were all alerted and they looked at each other with lust evident in their eyes.

"I am going to take her first, you can have her later!" the oldest among the group suddenly stood up.

But the bandana man, with his mutant ability that increased his physical strength, bringing his stat to 5, easily pushed him back.

"No way, I will be the first. You will have to wait for your turns hehe just know I won't be done in a few hours."

The bandana man smiled as the cuts on his face stretched.

"Haa the woman will barely be alive after you are done, you are too strong." The fourth guy shook his head.

But none of them could defeat him in a fight, so they could do nothing.

The bandana man chuckled lightly and approached the door, but before opening it, he decided to check just in case.

There are all sorts of mutants after all.

Closing one eye, he peeked out of the peephole but then frowned upon seeing only a bald guy near the opposite door.

He tried to look around and saw no woman.

Right at this moment, Vritra who was hiding beside the door, plunged the metallic rod into the peephole.

BANG

SWISH

The rod pierced through the bandana man's eye as he screamed in agony instantly, but unfortunately Vritra failed to kill him as he moved back quickly.

"What's wrong?" Lukas and the other three jumped to their feet and were shocked to see the ugly state of his face.

One eye was completely gone.

"Ughh FUCK!! Those bastards, they are trying to ambush us!!" the bandana man screamed and roared, intense killing intent filling his heart.

The group of four forgot everything as intense feelings of revenge filled their hearts. Who would dare attack them.

Since Vritra was also outside, they neglected any danger and all rushed forward to attack, opening the door.

While Vritra turned at full speed, running towards the opposite apartment, but before entering, he threw one wooden leg towards the mutant.

BANG

The wooden leg hit the mutant right across the head as it flinched and growled.

Vritra had already locked the door by the time the mutant had turned around. He put heavy materials in front of the door.

As they all moved back.

While right at that moment, the opposite door opened and the four rushed out, ready to butcher the ambushers.

"S- Something is wrong, I- I can sense something…" the oldest guy suddenly felt a headache, his ability which could sense danger instantly working.

GRAAARRRR!!

Lukas, the bandana man, and the other two paused right outside the door as they heard the terrifying roar, their bodies turning stiff.

"F- Fuck we were tricked!!"

They finally realised, but it was too late. They tried entering their house, but the mutant easily tore away the door.

Breathing heavily and his heart pumping, Vritra heard the sound of the monster and bodies getting blasted and torn.

The terrified screams of the four men only lasted for a few moments, and once again things became normal.

Then the repulsive sound of the mutant eating the humans sounded.

And soon after, the mutant walked away after feasting on the four corpses, leaving behind a heavy stench of blood and flesh.

Vritra waited a bit longer and relaxed a little.

"Haa it's gone to the lower floors now." He said in a low voice.

All his wives had grim expressions. How were they supposed to face such things when everyone was already so ahead in evolution?

"Just wait here, we will go check that place out. There shouldn't be any more danger.

But the scent of blood might attract some mutants soon." Vritra said as he walked out, followed by Shitless and Onest.

As soon as they entered the other apartment, their expressions became appalled.

The four corpses lay twisted and broken, the internal organs spread all over the place.

"…Hurry, search the place." He said, before moving towards one of the more intact corpses.

He knelt down to inspect the corpse and see if the owner was carrying anything useful.

But the moment his hand touched the corpse, messages upon messages popped before his eyes.

[A mutant corpse has been detected!]

[You have acquired the Divine Sin Wheel!]

[Divine Sin Wheel is undergoing an upgrade…]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...