Chapter 192: CRACK

"As for that tracking thing, although it can’t be blocked, it might not be a bad thing unless your identity is revealed," Yasmine replied.

After thinking for a few seconds, Vritra threw the emblem away with all his might deep into the forest; after all, obtaining it was never his goal.

"Haa, now I feel much better. It is impossible to hide my identity for too long, and later this thing just might become the cause of my death," Vritra mumbled. Finally, he looked at the remaining items.

Then he picked up the sword that looked beautiful and very expensive. After observing the sword, which was at the peak of 1st legion rank, for a few seconds, he knew instantly what he needed to do. NovelBin

Taking out his Axes of Chaos, he put them down on the ground with their handles pointing upwards while holding the golden sword in his hand.

After thinking of the kind of changes he wanted, he began...

[Weapon Fusion Activated.]

The expensive sword and the axes glowed with a bright, blinding light, and then the sword disappeared from Vritra’s hand. The axes seemed to be going through a major change unlike any fusion before.

The pressure around them increased, the patterns and structure of the weapons changed, and they started releasing a sharp aura.

After a few minutes, the fusion had finally finished, and in front of Vritra lay the two brand-new axes, looking more majestic than ever. They seemed as if anything could be torn apart by those blades or crushed into minced meat by those heavy hammers.

『

Weapon: Axes of Chaos

Grade: Early 2nd legion rank

』

Vritra picked up the axes and waved them around. He could sense the destructive power of his weapons—they had grown to such a high level.

"Now this is great. These weapons were lagging behind because of my fast growth, but this level will be fine for some time, and then I could upgrade them again." Vritra slashed lightly, and a long crack appeared in the ground, coursing over tens of meters.

After getting used to the feel of them, he placed them back in his inventory. He was completely satisfied with the first gift. Now, looking at the piece of cloth, which was the peak of 1st legion rank as well, Vritra pondered and decided to give it to Fiona.

Soon, people of that level won’t be able to hurt him anyway, so it was pretty much useless for him. He placed the strange armor away as well—now only the empty stone remained.

"Wifey, how big will the commotion be if I use the stone right here to level up?" Vritra asked while holding the empty stone. Just by touching it, he could feel as if some sort of bottleneck was about to be removed.

"Normally it should be fine, others won’t notice at such a distance. But you aren’t normal. Just based on your physiques and stat points, the commotion shouldn’t be small, so if you do it right here, then there is a high chance that many will notice," Yasmine replied.

"..." Vritra fell silent. It could’ve been fine if others knew he had reached the legion rank, but by leveling up here, there was a chance that it could be revealed that he is a demon.

"Hmm, I guess I need to travel a bit further away then," Vritra mumbled. He couldn’t level up while being in the fourth dimension since he needed mana from the air.

In the end, he decided to first return to the city and move the three women to a different location. Finally, after they had settled in a bit more secure place, he could return back here to level up.

Vritra didn’t want to waste any time. After clearing all the traces from the surroundings, he disappeared.

...

Near the three women, Vritra finally opened his eyes and stood straight. Then he spoke in a low voice:

"I have taken care of the two spies sent by the king. I was right—he might have noticed that you are a succubus, so he might do more. But for now, he will be busy with other things."

All three of them listened carefully and sighed. Somehow they were already in a very bad relationship with the king, and as it seemed, Vritra might be planning to put a new king on the throne for the Blue Kingdom.

"What do you plan to do next?" Diana asked with a serious expression.

"For now, we will be moving out of that hotel and staying at another place—somewhere more secure so the king can’t find you too soon. As for the king, I will take care of him, though I don’t plan to make a move directly unless he tries something," Vritra said.

After talking for a bit longer, they left the hotel. Yasmine and Vritra made sure that no one was following them as they searched for a better hotel—somewhere with high privacy and better rooms.

And it wasn’t difficult to find one. They moved far enough from the competition venue and stayed away from the temple. It was better to not be close to the Grieves as well, after all.

Vritra booked a suite of sorts, which had several rooms. Diana had stolen quite a lot of money from the Dunshire Kingdom, so they weren’t short of money. After booking the best room in one of the best hotels,

Vritra helped set up the place and made sure there was no problem around it. He needed to be away for a short time anyway, so he wasn’t too worried. He left Bob and Bobby there, and it wasn’t long before the two spies had returned when their mission of killing the king had failed.

So Vritra left behind a total of four protectors. He brought Fiona to her room and sat beside her on the bed.

"Take this armor. It should help you greatly until your strength has improved," he said.

"No, you should use it. I can just hide in your arms, hehe," Fiona said as she snuggled into his arms and rubbed her cheek against his chest, inhaling his scent.

"It won’t be of much help to me anyway, so use it. Just insert some of your mana in it and it will start working instantly—oh right, you don’t have any inventory, right?" Vritra took out the black glyph and handed it to Fiona. It was empty, and he didn’t really need it.

"Whoa, what is this thing?" she asked, her eyes shining in curiosity.

After explaining about the glyph to her, the two of them walked out of the room. Diana and Vanessa were sitting on the sofa there. Vritra informed them about his short trip and spoke:

"I will be back quickly, and when I return, my strength will be much higher."

Though only one of the things he said was going to come true.

After giving hugs to the three women, he walked out of the hotel and began walking in the market street while pondering several things.

GRRRRRRRRRR...

CRACK

Just then, a loud sound thundered like lightning striking the earth, and then the sound of something breaking rang out. Vritra was startled as he looked around hastily.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...