Chapter 674 Meaaatttttt!!

BOOOOOM

An army of giant crabs were blasted away by a powerful explosion, their bodies ripped to pieces.

A man stood above a one-floor building, his right hand raised slightly. Wherever he pointed, destruction would ensue.

Several other men stood not too far away from him, looking at him in awe, respect, and fear.

"Denir is so powerful, we have been following him since the beginning but how come the gap between us keeps growing?" one of the men mumbled.

"Why don't you go ahead and ask him?" the others chuckled, making the first man shiver.

Not too far away stood a guy with lots of wounds on his body, one of his eyes was completely gone while the other still looked wounded.

It was surprising he was still alive with all those wounds.

Morgan, the player who fought against Vritra previously, observed Denir's fighting prowess.

He too was surprised that despite not being a player, he had grown to such an extent, his ability was very powerful too.

'Maybe these are the dangers gods have arranged for us, just like that guy and the forbidden zones.' Remembering Vritra, a shiver ran down his spine.

That sight was so terrifying, his blood ran cold just thinking of it.

But it was fine now, before he found the other players, he would use Denir to kill that guy and get the treasure from the beast cave.

"Great job, Denir, with my skill I can help you grow even stronger, even faster!" clapping, he stepped forward.

"Can you? But I don't trust you, and you have to prove your worth with a battle." After speaking, he pointed his hand towards Morgan who turned pale.

But then a grin appeared on his face, as if he had expected it and everything was consumed by chaos.

***

Vritra and his group were moving over the blood cart, it was a pity the wolves and the carriages were gone.

He swore to kill that mutant.

"You are not uncomfortable, right?" he asked.

Honestly, he just wanted to return home as soon as possible so Yasmine could get proper rest and wouldn't have to be in danger.

For now, moving around and fighting was no problem, but soon things wouldn't stay the same.

"Yes hubby, I am fine." She replied, it was still hard for her to believe she was pregnant.

This was certainly not a good time or place to be pregnant though.

"Our next target is the Blood Fang, I heard the leader there also awakened some blood-related skill and went crazy." Maeve spoke.

"Then dealing with him shouldn't be too difficult." Vritra added.

BOOM

Any mutant that approached them instantly exploded in a bloody mist.

Vritra stared at the sky, the weather seemed hotter now, more and more snow was starting to melt.

Maybe once all the snow was gone, moving around wouldn't be so difficult.

But that went for mutants too.

His thoughts quickly changed as he wondered if he would have a son or a daughter and he began to decide names.

Thinking of this he couldn't help but turn to face Yasmine and give the dragoness a gentle kiss on her forehead.

She was surprised but smiled upon receiving his gentle love-filled kiss.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!

Right at that moment, something exploded in the distance creating a big mushroom of smoke.

For a moment, Vritra felt a strange gaze on him, a gaze that seemed to devour him whole.

More intense than anything.

But it disappeared quickly.

'What's going on? Did I get discovered already?' he wondered and increased the speed.

He didn't want to be discovered by the Administrators or the protectors of the World Bank.

Unfortunately, or maybe fortunately, the first to discover him was a woman who had known him from way before his birth.

The person who alerted the laws and made him arrive on the Zoratian planet.

The same one who gave him Mutamorphis, Divine's abilities, the Mythic Halos and whatnot.

His secret sugar mommy, who was a bit crazy.

Maybe crazy just for him.

Over the years, the number of rules she had broken was astronomical, she even formed a deal with the Divine who was hated by all the gods and higher beings.

If her family or others were to find out, she would be in great trouble but she took the risk again just to come here.

And went out of her way to make sure Vritra could become a Titan.

The same blonde and unbelievably beautiful woman, someone so ethereal that she could match Teresa, floated above the mushroom cloud.

It all began with that love pill, she had lived with him for years even before he came into existence.

It was her current self that gave Divine that love pill and he influenced Vritra to just throw it away.

The bigger piece had travelled through space and time and ended up with her past self many, many years back.

In her most vulnerable moment.

Therefore, it was confusing to know if her love was initiated with the pill or she gave the pill because of her already obsessive love.

'Just a bit more… My love, you shall be with me very soon, then you will be mine, just mine!' her gaze lingered on him before her body disappeared.

She felt incredibly jealous of all the women around him, but she didn't really mind them.

Otherwise, they would have never gotten close to him.

Not to mention, each of his women had a bigger role later on in his life, which was why exactly those women were able to get close to him.

…

Unaware of the presence of the crazy lovesick woman, Vritra and the others had quickly arrived at Blood Fang's base.

They had to kill many mutants along the way, thankfully they didn't encounter anything way too powerful.

"These pieces of shit, they are so disgusting!!" Yennefer cursed, as the group broke into the base of Blood Fang.

The sight of the victims could easily make one vomit, so many had died and the ground was covered with blood all over.

"Huuuuuuh? Who goes there huuuuh?" a strange sound reverberated, then a mutant-like man walked out of a building.

He held a torn human arm and was chewing on the raw meat.

Cannibalism, this pig was eating his own kind with such cruelty.

Vritra didn't consider himself a good guy, not completely, but there were lines that he could never cross.

"Ohhhhh Meaaatttttttt are you here for me uhahahaha." Even his way of speaking was so strange, he really had turned into a strange mutant.

In the entire base, no one worked under this guy, as he had turned everyone into victims.

As he went mad, those following him were the first to become his victims.

"Woommeeeennn meat meat meat!! Give me alllllll meaattttttttt!! Sooffffttttt meakkkkkk." Throwing away the limb, he clapped and ran towards the group.

"You like eating meat that much huh, then here is a great treat for you!!" Vanessa stepped forward, her eyes glowing.

Instantly, the leader of Blood Fang was trapped in a strange illusion, he screamed and cried for a while.

Then began to munch over his own flesh, tearing the meat of his arms, then feet, shoulders and everywhere his mouth could reach.

"This guy sure is flexible…"

Ergen tried to lighten the mood as the leader bent and ate his own manhood.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios