Chapter 277: Diddy

Vritra opened the window slightly and looked outside, and soon he saw a bull madly charging forward on the path present in the forest. Monk Shitless was barely hanging onto his bull.

"Pitiful one, it is I, Monk Shitless. I’ll meet you on the other side. Oh right, be careful of the blood..." Monk Shitless’s loud voice reverberated across the entire space; all the others peeked out of their carriages to look outside.

"What do you—" Vritra wouldn’t take this evil monk’s words lightly anymore; they were always related to the future, but the hint was always so useless.

But just as he tried to speak, Vritra watched as the bull charged over a slight high slope before making a big jump — but it was a large canyon just on the other side of the slope, and the bull wasn’t able to cross it.

"Uwaaaaaaaaah—" Without a loud scream, the monk and the bull disappeared into the canyon.

"Oh, shouldn’t we help him? Will he be fine?" Fiona asked as she looked out from the other window.

"I am sure he will be fine... probably. He always survives, after all." Vritra said, his tone unsure.

’Sigh, at least he should’ve told me what it was about blood.’ Vritra thought, shaking his head. The canyon wasn’t too deep and there was even water below, so the monk should’ve survived.

After the momentary disturbance, their journey continued. In the middle of breaks, when Vritra and the three women walked out of the carriage, they didn’t pay others any attention.

After crossing the forest, they arrived in another kingdom and decided to rest for a while before continuing.

One of the six people walked out of the carriage while caressing a piece of stone that he had taken out of the ground the previous day.

"Diddy, why are you holding that stone?" another man asked as he got out of his carriage. He was one of the six participants as well.

"Hehe, this is the stone where Karen spat inside the Blue kingdom. Can you believe me? She spat at me... Hehehe..." Diddy said, as he drooled over the stone.

"..." The other guy looked at him in disgust and silently took a step away. This guy was just crazy for Karen, the only girl who was also heading to the White kingdom among the six participants.

"Tch, disgusting men." With her nose scrunched up in disgust, Karen looked at the two guys before walking away. She looked at the world as if everyone owed her something.

Vritra was still thinking about the word "blood" as he got out of his carriage and stretched his body, getting many sin points from the people in the market. Fiona and the others had decided to use veils to avoid unnecessary attention.

’I wonder what his parents were thinking when they decided to give him that name. Did they predict the future or something?’ Vritra thought as he looked at Diddy from the distance.

"Let’s go eat something." Diana said as she pointed towards a shop before happily striding towards it.

Since the next kingdom wasn’t too far, they weren’t going to stop in it and would just continue forward, with the next stop being in the forest.

All the people went in different directions; they had to gather back in less than two hours though.

This kingdom was similar to Dunshire in prosperity, so there wasn’t much to see, and even the highest level was below 1st Legion rank.

After eating food and strolling around for a while, Vritra and the others returned to their carriage.

"Looks like two of those participants got into fights..." Vanessa mumbled as she glanced at the five men who were looking down on a group of young men who looked beaten up.

The five people were good friends, and they would unite when fighting.

"..." Vritra ignored them. As long as they didn’t cause any trouble, it would be fine.

Soon their ride continued. So far, it had been quite peaceful, but Vritra always felt that when things stayed quiet for too long, the approaching storm was far too terrifying.

He just spent time with his family while gathering some sin points; the soul wraiths were making sure there was no trouble around, though they wouldn’t act without Vritra’s orders.

In less than a day, the carriages had crossed the two kingdoms and finally entered the dreadful Night Forest. The trees were so thick there that it was too dark in the forest.

"Are we going to stay in the White kingdom for long?" Diana asked while munching chocolate.

"Hmm... No, we don’t really have much to do there, and with the demonic war coming, we would be pulled into unnecessary trouble," Vritra said.

But he wondered what sort of opportunities this new kingdom would bring him.

Dunshire and the Blue kingdom had given him many pleasant surprises after all, and this kingdom was much superior to them both, so there ought to be a few great treasures.

"Wow, it really is so dark here." All of them glanced outside the carriage, and it was pitch black. There was no straight road and the coachman had to be extremely careful while driving.

There were even guides who had knowledge of the areas of the Night Forest, so they could avoid the dangerous areas and pass through safely.

They continued forward for a few hours without any problem, though the atmosphere around all the carriages was rather tense. Most of the people seemed rather afraid except those six participants, who feared nothing in the world.

Vritra also stayed vigilant. Just because his strength was increasing rapidly didn’t mean he would underestimate the dangers in such unknown areas — at least his Nether Eye was not hindered by the darkness.

THUD

Just when everyone seemed to be relaxing, there was a loud sound of something falling from outside and the carriages stopped abruptly. Vritra scanned the surroundings from inside the carriage and saw dozens of fallen trees blocking their path forward.

After searching the area, he saw at least thirty men who were hiding in the darkness — surely they were bandits. Vritra focused and saw that even the strongest bandit among them was barely at the 1st Legion rank.

"Even these bandits are so strong... not even the king of the Dunshire kingdom was at the 1st Legion rank.

I guess that just shows how dangerous this forest is," Vritra thought as his body broke into tiny particles and he disappeared from inside the carriage.

In the next moment, he materialised outside in the darkness. The bandits had their ways to see in the dark, and Vritra clearly saw their startled expressions when he appeared out of nowhere.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +47}

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +47}

...

The guards charged outside to check the surroundings; those six participants also came out of the carriages, joking and just chatting casually among themselves.

The bandits were clearly shocked to see so many people, and the auras of those young arrogant people who didn’t hide their presence at all were a clear indicator that they needed to flee.

Just crossing this forest was going to take more than ten days at the very least. It was just the outer part of the forest, and the bandits were already at such a level.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...