Chapter 730 Clone Lover

Magna was just terrified, he began to beg for mercy, crying and saying all sorts of things.

But the screams only made the smile on Vritra's face bigger, this was truly so fun.

Magna's strength was quite high, if Vritra had not trained in that cave for weeks, he might not be a match right now.

After all he had wiped out an entire city.

In the end, his cunning and greed had brought him to his doom.

"Hmm there is still a little over a day for everyone to finish their evolution, till then…" Vritra pondered as he gazed around, then his smile widened.

"Since you like to play with your clones so much, then now I am giving you freedom. Go all out, forget all moralities or shame, use all of them and enjoy."

After speaking, Vritra created a blood room that locked Magna and all the clones inside.

"N-Noooooo please not thisssss aaaaaaah" he screamed even louder.

"You bastard, I didn't even ughhhh hurt you- COUGH g-get away from me, OWW my clothes nooooo-"

Soon the screams died down as Vritra sealed them up inside the room.

The over forty clones all crawled over Magna and began to make love with him.

"Hmm I wonder what's this called… selfcest?" he wondered, but finally felt a lot better.

"Hehe Husband, this is perfect. Let him enjoy himself for a day, tomorrow we will all torture and kill him." Teresa spoke in her sweet innocent voice.

Vritra nodded, patting her head.

"Let's go, we shouldn't disturb him." Vritra said, he didn't even want to imagine what should be happening inside.

Over forty clones, all of them on one man, it must be a complete disaster.

But Magna deserved it and worse.

And soon another player would be gone.

The two strolled around a little longer, Vritra saw a few more mutants which were attracted by the noise.

Vritra killed them all with mental energy.

Both were in a great mood, and their second day together was even better.

…

After two days had passed, one by one all of them began to wake up.

They had evolved and reached the maximum strength possible for this planet.

All his wives jumped into Vritra's arms as they came out, now they could just go to the tower.

And soon, everyone was awake.

First they ate a large meal, and then Vritra told them that they had caught Magna.

"Great, have you killed him already? What a pity, I would have loved to rip that bastard apart-" Yasmine cursed, just like the Bone Blood Cult back on the Zoratian planet.

She hates people like that.

"No, I have kept him alive. Once you are all full and rested, we will torture him and then head to the tower." Vritra said.

"Haha This is going to be so fun!!" Shitless was very happy, but he wouldn't be so happy after seeing that guy.

After they were all full, Vritra brought them all down towards the blood room.

"He is inside." Vritra pointed.

"Huh? Why are such strange noises coming from inside this? It sounds chaotic." Onest asked, somehow he felt that the noise was kinda familiar.

Didn't that Oracle guy also make such noises?

"Vritra, don't tell me you…" he looked back at Vritra, shaking his head and laughed.

"Yeah well he wanted to play with his clones, so I gave them a room. Anyway, let's deal with him and then we will continue." Vritra added.

With a snap of his finger, the blood room started burning, and soon over forty charred figures came into view.

Magna was lying at the centre, while all exhausted clones lay around him, they sure had a wild day.

First Vritra threw away the clones, making them explode.

Now only Magna remained, he was already in such a bad condition, but deserved way more than that.

One by one all the women launched attacks at him, flames, mental attacks, lightning, mental torture and much more.

Onest and Shitless didn't want to get close so they just threw metal rods that pierced through his body.

After all that, Vritra slowly drained all the blood in his body until he turned into a shrivelled up corpse.

It was a disturbing sight but none felt pity for him, not after what he had done.

"Time to leave." Vritra turned around, leaving the corpse there as various messages popped in front of him.

He had obtained the clone ability but he did not plan to use such a disgusting skill.

Soon the flying ship was ready to set off, but then Shitless remembered that his slave was missing.

Asmodeus, the proud player, hid in a room under a bed, hoping they would forget someone as insignificant as him and leave.

Unfortunately, Shitless soon found him and dragged him away.

They were all seated when Teresa started the engine and the flying ship slowly rose higher.

The tower wasn't too far now, very soon they would reach it and then start the final and biggest challenge.

WHOOSH

At incredible speed, it shot off.

They quickly crossed over a hundred kilometres, passing over the cities.

Vritra had already killed six players, the seventh was with him so now only three unknown remained.

If he found them on the way then he would fight, otherwise he wouldn't go looking for them.

There were many mutants on the way, getting stronger and stronger the closer they were to the tower.

Even reaching up to the 5th evolution but one spiritual shock from Vritra was enough to kill them all.

And so, after another short travel the ship finally came to a stop.

They had arrived at their destination.

The flying ship slowly descended and parked in an open area, but even before they could get out a large horde of mutant rats attacked them.

They were very quick and powerful, their strongest part was of course their teeth which seemed to be able to bite into anything.

Storing away the flying ship quickly, the group floated in the air.

Asmodeus was using his gadgets to float beside them, he looked quite frightened as even a single rat among them was stronger than him.

"T-There are so many of them!! Master, save me!!" he shouted, hiding behind Shitless.

"…" Shitless looked back and couldn't help but smile, his slave called him master.

"They look completely mad, somehow different from the mutants we have faced before." Yennefer spoke as she pointed her finger forward and lightning descended.

THUNDERRR

BOOOM

With a loud sound, most of the rats were blasted to pieces, but a few which survived still kept trying to attack them.

"Yes, it feels like someone is controlling them. Could it be another player?" Diana asked, she waved her hand through the air, spreading poison.

Of course it wouldn't affect any of them, but would kill all nearby threats.

"Hmm there is no one around, so the controller can control them from a large distance." Maeve spoke, as she used her shadows to scan all over the place.

"Yeah it must be a player, and being so close to the tower, plus their ability to control beasts like this. Their strength must already be very high." Yasmine added.

"Honey, do you want to deal with him first or just head to the tower?" Vanessa asked, as all gazes shifted to him.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...