Chapter 203: Sweet~

After eating, Vritra left the hotel along with Monk Shitless to prepare for the next day, while the women returned to their rooms. Even they weren’t sure what Vritra had planned.

Monk Shitless and Vritra searched through the market and soon found the perfect shop they were searching for. The two entered, and after a few hours, they came out.

Then Vritra and Shitless made their way back to the hotel after shopping for a few more things.

"I-Is this really alright? I am a monk, you know. I can’t be doing such things... ugh, everyone is staring at me," Monk Shitless asked in a low voice, gazing around at the people that kept staring at him.

"It is perfectly fine. Don’t worry and just follow along with our plan. It won’t be long before everyone knows of your evil deeds—the greatest devil Monk Shitless," Vritra said, patting his shoulder.

"..."

Silently, they made their way back to the hotel. Monk Shitless went straight to his room, as if escaping from some nightmare, and Vritra climbed up the floor and returned to his room.

First, he decided to spend some time with Fiona. He knocked on her door and waited. The redhead soon opened the door and smiled joyfully. She grabbed his hand and pulled him inside before shutting the door.

Pulling him onto the bed, she cuddled into his arms, burying her face into his neck and wrapping her arms around him, coiling her legs around his.

"I missed you so much, my darling..." Fiona spoke, her lips brushing against his skin. She loved feeling him so close, as if their bodies were melting into one, as she completely wrapped herself in his fragrance.

Vritra gently pressed his lips against her forehead and closed his eyes, just losing himself in the warm feeling of his lover’s body. It was definitely one of the best decisions to take such a good girl away from that degenerate Max.

"Mmm, I love you," Vritra whispered into her ear, his breath tingling her senses as Fiona smiled sweetly, snuggling even closer to him.

"I brought a small gift for you," Vritra said as a small box appeared in his hand. He had bought it just earlier in the market.

"Oh, what is it?" Fiona pulled her face back a bit and glanced at the box, smiling brightly at getting a gift from him. It was such a nice feeling.

Sitting up, she took the wooden box from his hands and excitedly started opening it. Her eyes instantly brightened as she exclaimed: "Chocolates? They exist in this world too?"

"Yeah, I was a little surprised too, but there have been people from Earth on this planet so I guess it makes sense," Vritra said before adding, "And I remember you loved to eat chocolates a lot when we were in school before."

"You know that!! I thought you had no interest in others," Fiona exclaimed, feeling even happier.

"Yeah, you sat not far from me and you were often eating them, looking very joyful. So I brought some for you. Give it a try, I’m not sure if it tastes the same," Vritra said as he sat up with his back against the pillow.

Fiona picked one of the spherical chocolate pieces and removed its wrap before throwing it into her mouth. She released a delighted sound at the sweet taste exploding on her taste buds.

"Mmmm, Iks gook," Fiona spoke, then pointed for Vritra to try one too from the box, while rolling the chocolate piece around her tongue.

"Then let me try it too," Vritra said as he leaned forward. Sliding an arm along her waist, he suddenly pulled her forward and captured her sweet, moist lips.

Fiona was surprised and froze as Vritra’s tongue nimbly entered her mouth, but she came to her senses as his tongue gently rubbed against hers. The redhead’s cheeks became red as she pulled the piece of chocolate back along with her tongue, while his tongue continued to march forward into her mouth.

And so began the great battle in Fiona’s mouth. Vritra swept his tongue over hers and took the piece of chocolate while Fiona followed his tongue, entangling with his and trying to take back her chocolate.

"Mmmm~ SLURP GULP Hmmm~" Their salivas and the chocolate became a sweet mess in her mouth as the two sucked hard and rolled their tongues over one another, fighting over that single piece.

After a minute or so, Vritra finally became the victor as he took the chocolate from her mouth and pulled back, tasting the chocolate as he spoke.

"Hmmm, it tastes even better than the ones back on Earth, maybe because you fed it to me."

"Y-You stole it from me!!" Fiona was still baffled at the whole thing, her face flushed red at the intimate exchange.

"Well, the chocolate and the owner of this chocolate, my lovely Fiona, are both mine. So I can eat them whenever I want, right?" Vritra asked, giving a peck on her lips.

"Hmm." Fiona nodded shyly as she picked another piece of chocolate.

"Sigh, what a pity. I wish I could also get a treat like that," Yasmine said with a pitiful sigh, but it was a good thing that Vritra’s strength was increasing so rapidly.

It won’t be too long before they could return to her home and she would be able to get her body back.

’I will remember to bring chocolates for you when you finally get a body. How could I forget my first wife,’ Vritra replied, wishing to help her as soon as possible.

Pulling Fiona into his arms, Vritra lay on the bed, as the two just enjoyed each other’s presence in silence.

"I feel like you have grown much stronger..." Fiona mumbled.

"Sure I have." Vritra answered while his fingers continued to comb through her long, smooth red hair.

After a few moments, Fiona brought her face closer to his and gave a kiss on his cheek. Her face was bright red as she asked:

"Uhm... Do you want to do it?"

Vritra smiled. While caressing her cheek, he spoke: "But are you really ready? I think we need to spend more time together, fall even deeper in love, and know each other completely before we take that step.

It’s not like either of us is running off to somewhere, and you are going to be with me for the rest of our lives—whether you want to or not. You didn’t have a choice since the moment you accepted me."

"...Okay." Fiona finally relaxed. There was a little bit of fear in her heart that she didn’t want to think about.

With how fast Vritra was growing, Fiona felt that she would be left behind while he continued to move forward, and she didn’t like that thought one bit.

But now, she felt at ease, as if his words could never be wrong.

She rested her head over his chest and listened to the beating of his heart—hearts?!!

THUMP THUMP

THUMP THUMP

Surprised, she raised her head and looked at Vritra’s relaxed face before asking in confusion: "Did the chocolate contain alcohol or are there really two hearts in your chest?"

Vritra smiled. He lightly pinched the cheeks of his cute and innocent but naughty redhead, while speaking: "Well, that’s a long story. Let’s start from the beginning..."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...