Chapter 387: The Wedding

Vritra was standing in front of the palace door; the whole place was decorated to the extreme, as if the emperor was really getting married.

"Hubby, stay calm and don’t take any impulsive steps. Remember, I am here with you and for you, now and forever."

Yasmine said softly; she didn’t care about Yennefer but didn’t want her husband to suffer because of her or anyone else.

’Yeah, don’t worry.’ Vritra had taken on a middle-aged man’s appearance. Holding a gift box in hand, he took a deep breath and walked towards the guards.

Quite a lot of people were entering, though only special people were invited to this event, and the checking was quite strict.

The whole thing was prepared in a hurry, but surely a lot of money had been spent on it all.

"I thought the empress was never going to agree to the marriage, sigh, time is changing so fast."

"How many years has it been since they got engaged? Everyone knows the empress never wanted to marry the emperor. I wonder if these rumors are even true."

"Shh, don’t talk so loudly, what if you get heard? You know the emperor’s temper when it comes to the empress."

A group of four men whispered to each other; all of them looked like rich merchants.

"Show me your invitation." The guard said respectfully while looking at them with a scrutinizing gaze.

"Here." One of them took out a blue emblem and gave it to the guard.

"Hmm, lowest rank, sorry but you can only bring two people inside with you." The guard said, while handing back the emblem.

"Ah, so just three of us can enter?" the man muttered, then he glanced at his group and fixed his gaze on one of the men.

"I- I have to leave? Why always me?" the pitiful man looked sad as he spoke, then he turned around and began walking while muttering: "Why do good things happen to others, while with me, things happen for the good?"

The man with the runny nose ran away from there, but he would only come to know that it truly was for the good that he left.

"Your invitation sir?" the guard asked, after taking a long look at Vritra.

Nodding, he took out a similar-looking emblem but with red colour.

After taking a long look at it, the guard became even more respectful and handed it back.

"Please head inside sir, this butler will lead you."

This emblem was stolen by Onest from someone very rich, though he had to follow the guy around for several hours.

Many servants were standing near the gates. One of them stepped forward and bowed before gesturing for Vritra to walk along.

"Sir, may I know your name?" the butler asked, his tone polite.

"I am Ben." Vritra said without much interest. There were a lot of guests, but since the place was enormous, it wasn’t crowded.

Strong guards of 4th, 5th, and higher legions were walking around; a few of them scanned Vritra but passed after not sensing any mana from him.

Currently, not even the empress would be able to recognise him.

"Sir, the food is on the left if you wish you can sit there, and if there is anything you need, you may call me directly by ringing this bell." The butler said and passed him a small bell.

Vritra nodded and just held the bell before throwing it away and walking towards the seats. The butler shrugged and left.

Scanning the seats, Vritra found Rich sitting there and he decided to sit beside him.

"Can I sit here?" Vritra asked as he sat on the chair and placed his gift over the table.

"Ah, sure, but you are already seated. Anyway, hello, I am Rich." He said with a smile, eating sweets.

Vritra looked around; on the left, countless types of food items were present.

Thousands of seats were spread across the vast area, and in the front was a stage with two thrones on top.

From the looks of it, this event certainly seemed to be a wedding with all the flowers and décor.

"So Rich, what kind of event is this?" Vritra asked. The sound of the crowd seemed like noise to him and all the brilliance around was annoying him to the point he wanted it all to explode.

"I am not sure, Darius sent me the invitation but didn’t tell what it might be." Then lowering his voice, he spoke:

"But it might very well be a wedding. I know how he has been trying to impress the empress."

"Hmm." Vritra decided to wait a little longer, though each moment he sat there, it was like this whole place was digging a nail into his skull.

One of the butlers approached the two and asked: "Sirs, can I take your presents away? I will place them among the presents that the emperor will open later on."

Seeing that it was Rich, the butler knew these guests were important, so he was extremely polite.

"Sure." Both Vritra and Rich agreed. The butler bowed and placed the gifts over a tray before bringing them away.

He placed it near the side of the stage; around twenty or so gifts were present there, while some distance away thousands of gifts were lying around.

"Sigh, my sister, the marriage trial is approaching, and I really wish someone could take away that— that thing from home.

She had made living a nightmare for me, sigh..." Rich said suddenly, remembering something traumatizing.

"Have the competitions for those candidates ended already?" Vritra asked; he had once participated in such a competition.

"No, but it is nearing its end. But it will take some time for the marriage trials to start. I had selected someone to throw my sister at but it seems he isn’t all that interested in that."

Rich answered, thinking of his problematic sister.

"Ah, I see." Vritra wasn’t really all that interested, but it was really hard to pass the time.

"COUGH COUGH Hello everyone!" suddenly a loud voice rang out across the place, grabbing everyone’s attention.

A man with a long blonde beard jumped onto the stage, wearing a strange black outfit, holding a staff.

"I welcome you all to this wonderful event, I am sure you are all curious about something." The blonde man said, as he looked at everyone’s expressions.

All the people focused, thinking that he was going to tell whether or not this is a marriage.

"Yeah yeah, I am not married and completely single, so ladies I am ready for any offers." Then clearing his thoughts he added:

"Jokes aside, I am Beady, today’s host who will be with you all until the morning."

"This event is very special for us all, as for that question ringing in your minds, well the emperor himself will answer that." Beady said, pointing towards the long carpet.

All the gazes drifted but aside from Griffith, the emperor’s half-brother, no one was there.

"Hey everyone." Griffith said, waving his hand arrogantly; he was quite happy about this event. After that previous incident, he had high respect for his sister-in-law.

Just then everything went dark, and a single spotlight appeared, and amidst the silence, the sound of faint footsteps sounded.

Then Darius wearing a stylish outfit, with white flower patterns and containing beautiful gems, had a big smile on his face.

At a hand’s distance from him was the empress, her face still covered by a veil but she wore a beautiful red dress with a similar flower pattern on it.

When the two appeared, all sorts of whispers began to ring out, and it seemed more evident that this event might be their wedding or maybe something like a pre-wedding.

Darius glanced at Yennefer, his heart fluttering at the dazzling sight. He really wished he could turn this moment into reality, and not just a fake marriage but a real one.

Griffith began to clap and soon all the people were clapping; the place was full of cheerfulness and excitement.

The two walked up to the stage, after climbing the stairs Darius turned and extended his hand to help the empress but Yennefer just climbed up, as if she hadn’t noticed anything.

The two nodded at Beady before sitting down on the two thrones.

Vritra’s mood had sunken even more after all this; he was barely stopping himself from leaving this place, hoping that it doesn’t turn out to be what he is thinking.

"..." Rich glanced at Vritra, since he was using the misty essence mythic halo to change his appearance so the change in his expression wasn’t visible.

"Haa, don’t they look like a good couple? But honestly, I never believed Yennefer would agree to it, knowing her, she hated Darius quite a lot before.

But I guess time changes everything." Rich muttered, taking a glass of wine from a waiter’s tray

and offering one to Vritra.

"No thanks, I don’t drink." Vritra said, or rather even if he did drink it wouldn’t have any effect on him since he is immune to every sort of poison, he can’t even get drunk.

"What a great sight we got to see today, no one else has the charisma like our emperor. And the empress, she is the definition of beauty, the highest peak and the—"

Beady paused when feeling Yennefer’s eyes on him, then he took a step towards the emperor’s side and announced:

"Anyway, Emperor will be taking over from here."

Then he took a step back. Darius stood up and glanced over them all before speaking in a loud voice:

"Everyone, I welcome you all to mine and Yennefer’s wedding!"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...