Chapter 636 Butcher

Walking in the darkness, the group of ten crossed five kilometres before arriving in front of a long hanging bridge.

The river below was frozen, but the ice seemed thin, and there were a lot of vehicles covered by snow on the bridge.

"Looks like the bridge is over two kilometres long. Now that the ice is frozen, we could have walked over it, but for such low temperatures, the ice is too thin." Vritra muttered as they stopped before the bridge.

"Yes, I think there might be something dangerous in the water below, or it might just be filled with a lot of mutants." Yasmine spoke.

"If we take a detour, it will waste too much time." Fiona added. This was their best option, but for some reason, it felt dangerous.

"Let's cross while it's still dark."

After discussing, they decided to cross the bridge.

The snow had completely covered the vehicles, so walking over it was actually easier.

With the shadows covering them all, they began moving over the bridge, which was swaying lightly.

Many mutants were frozen in the snow, but there were still some dangerous ones.

'I need better weapons. Isn't there anything good in the Sin Wheel?' he wondered. Maybe he needed to use more points for that.

CRACK

Just after walking a hundred metres or so, they heard a faint noise of bone breaking and saw two mutants munching over a human skeleton.

Sighing, Vritra just used blood manipulation to make their brains explode.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +52}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +57}

"Haa, it's so high. I am afraid of heights…" Monk Shit-Sonia muttered, clinging to Onest.

This was also why he never liked flying.

"Would you rather prefer walking over that ice then?" Vritra asked, smiling.

"Ah, n- no, I guess this is fine." Shit-Sonia shook his head immediately. The river looked too scary.

He wasn't afraid of anything, but there was still so much evil he needed to commit.

How could he leave this world in others' irresponsible hands?

They walked forward carefully, but nothing special happened even after walking nearly a kilometre.

"Maybe we were just worried for nothing. What could go wro-" Onest was speaking, looking at the peaceful bridge.

But Vritra suddenly silenced him.

"Don't jinx it. If something does happen, I will be throwing you away first." He warned sternly. A jinx was the last thing he needed.

Onest gulped and nodded. He had almost forgotten about Vritra's great luck. He was a trouble magnet.

'Fuck, I almost got us wiped out.' Onest was covered in sweat.

Vritra became even more cautious. He killed a few more mutants along the way, keeping everything completely silent.

'I thought there would be more mutants here, but the bridge is quite empty. Did someone clear it before?'

…

They had crossed most of the bridge, and now only a quarter was left.

The other city was almost in view. Just a little longer, and they could have crossed the bridge peacefully.

Grrrr… Grrrr…

Just then, they heard loud breathing noises and soon noticed a big mutant covered by snow lying on the bridge.

It was asleep, its body quite enormous, maybe even larger than the one they had seen before.

With so much snow covering the mutant, it was hard to see it properly.

This mutant's neck was especially long, but it had a thin body. Thankfully, there was enough space to pass by.

Shh…

Vritra gestured to everyone. They couldn't fight this thing, especially not here.

'It looks like a heavy sleeper. I don't think it will notice us.'

Vritra calmed his rapidly beating heart, grabbing Teresa's and Yasmine's hands.

They walked extremely carefully, their speed slowing down even further.

"D- Did you hear that, husband?" Teresa whispered, feeling faint vibrations in the bridge.

"Yeah, something is coming." Vritra moved back, nearer to the railing of the bridge.

Just after a few minutes, they saw a familiar carriage.

'No, it is different from the previous one, but they must be from the same group.' Vritra concluded.

Over five wolves were dragging the large carriage, and it was carrying a large number of supplies.

Despite moving so fast, it wasn't releasing any noise.

If it wasn't for the faint vibrations, none of them would have even noticed this carriage.

Inside the carriage, a man in leather clothes with the appearance of a butcher and a bulky body sat with a woman on his lap.

"Boss, it seems we have looted most of the area in Dover, and the remaining area is already taken by strong groups." An underling spoke.

Aside from the butcher and the woman, there were three other men.

The woman looked nervous, uncomfortable and afraid.

She was only in her early twenties and looked pretty, but that was a curse in the apocalypse.

"Then we will loot another city next. This never gets boring, haha." The leader laughed, his hand roaming over the woman's thighs.

"We are now near the sleeping mutant boss." The person controlling the wolves said.

"Just continue. With my sound ability, we have nothing to fear." the butcher said.

Because of his appearance, he had gotten the same nickname.

After a few moments, one of the men in the carriage frowned and spoke, "Boss, I can sense several people here. There are nine of them."

"Oh? But I can't see anyone." The leader stepped over the seat and looked around from the sunroof, seeing nothing but darkness and snow.

"They must be hidden here." The other man said.

He was using his ability and could clearly sense them.

The carriage stopped.

Activating his ability, the butcher fixed his gaze on the spot pointed out by his underling and spoke.

"Hey guys, why stay hidden? Why don't you come out to greet us? Or are you afraid?"

Vritra frowned. This guy was trouble. He could feel that the man in leather was planning something.

Stepping out of the darkness, Vritra spoke with an expressionless face, "What do you want?"

'Huh? He was there too? I couldn't sense him. He is strong!' the man was shocked. He could still sense the other nine, but not Vritra.

He quickly told this to his leader.

"Haha, why don't I give you a ride back? I am sure you are heading to Linden as well. We can go together." the butcher said.

"It's alright. There is not much distance left. I can go by foot." Vritra replied, frowning.

"Anyway, who else is hidden with you, brother? Do you need some food? Or-" the butcher spoke with a big smile on his face.

"No. You can just leave." A red fluid started to flow around Vritra threateningly.

"Hey, hey, calm down, brother. I am not trying to pick a fight. We are leaving, don't worry." He chuckled before gesturing.

The wolves started moving again as the carriage began to leave.

Once they had moved a bit away, Vritra finally heaved a sigh of relief.

This place was full of scum.

But before they could even start moving, the butcher shouted from the distance.

"Brother, how about I leave this woman behind for you?

See, I only had good feelings towards you. This is our parting gift. Hope you enjoy it."

Right after speaking, he slit the throat of the woman in the carriage with a knife and threw her on the bridge, as the carriage quickly moved away.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...