Chapter 261: The Six Truths

Vritra walked into the door. For a moment, he closed his eyes and then looked at the vast space that had appeared in front of him.

It was like he had travelled outside the planet. There was endless darkness as far as he could see, and even the distant stars seemed much bigger.

The ground was made of darkness. Most of the things appeared like that, but when his vision cleared and he looked forward, Vritra saw an enormous throne with its back facing him.

It was so big that Vritra and the entire space around it seemed insignificant in front of the throne. There even seemed to be something on it, though Vritra couldn’t see that entity from the back.

Looking at the vast throne, he noticed that something was written on the back, and with his language mastery skill, it was easy for him to decipher almost any language.

Narrowing his eyes, Vritra began to read it.

"ZARTOS WE-" But before he could read the complete thing, Yasmine’s voice exploded in his mind. She seemed really panicked.

"DON’T READ IT, CLOSE YOUR EYES, CLOSE YOUR SENSES. RIGHT NOW!!"

Vritra had no doubt about her judgement. He wasted no time and closed his eyes. A wave of thunder coursed through the ground and sky. The trembling was clearly felt through the ground. It almost felt like a destructive storm was about to descend.

A strong force surrounded the entire place, enough to easily make Vritra’s body freeze and make his mind become a mess despite the serene mind. Vritra had closed the nether eye and shut down all his senses, cutting himself off from the surroundings.

The wild changes remained around for a few seconds before everything started to return to normal, and then the storm, earthquake, and aura disappeared as if they had never existed in the first place.

’What was that now? Was it also an illusion? Wifey, what’s going on?’ Vritra asked, staying perfectly still and feeling really confused. This one didn’t seem to be just an illusion. The trap had actually almost worked to take him out, only if Yasmine wasn’t with him.

"Huff... We were this close to destruction..." Yasmine took a few long breaths, sounding very anxious, and then she explained:

"There are few things in this world that could never be said, heard, or seen—the greatest taboo in the world.

And that is called The Six Truths. Just hearing or speaking of them could make a person go crazy to the point they would commit suicide or be crushed to death by Gods.

Like I have said before, we can’t speak the names of a God or Demon God.

If you so much as read it, we would have been killed instantly for the disrespect. It is one of the Six Truths—The Truth of Prohibition."

"..." Vritra listened to it all in silence and finally understood what sort of trap the misty essence had set up for him. Since it couldn’t use force to kill Vritra, it had decided to borrow the force and kill him brutally.

’The Six Truths... what other such truths are there?’ Vritra asked, feeling curious.

"The Truth of Creation, The Truth of Betrayal... and that’s all I know of," Yasmine replied. It was a topic so dangerous that just knowing it could bring unimaginable trouble.

’Do you know what these truths actually are?’ Vritra asked, wondering how long he had to stand there like that.

"Of course not. Do you think I would be alive—even in this state—if I knew that?" Yasmine said, rolling her eyes.

’But you knew of the Gods’ names. Isn’t that also one of the truths?’ Vritra asked, as he started to sense his surroundings little by little, while ignoring the large throne completely.

"Yeah, I know of that because of an incident that nearly cost me my life. Anyway, this is not important now, and it would be better if you don’t talk about this topic with anyone else," she said seriously.

If Diana were here, she would have certainly mentioned one of the Truths she had heard a little about... The Truth of the Divine.

’Yeah, I won’t talk about this with anyone. Anyway, what should I do now?’ he asked, keeping his senses limited just to make sure he wasn’t going to get attacked.

"The Misty Essence is definitely here. Just don’t look at anything here and we would be safe. Let me guide you. For now, start walking to your right," Yasmine replied. She could sense something strange on the other side of the throne.

’Okay.’ Vritra turned a sharp ninety degrees and began walking. After walking nearly a couple of hundred meters, Yasmine’s voice sounded in his mind again, "Now turn to your left and walk."

Vritra changed his direction and followed her instructions. He could tell that he was walking on the side of the throne, and various sorts of changes were constantly occurring in his surroundings as the misty essence tried its best to trap him.

"Alright, that’s enough. Now face your left and fly straight upwards," Yasmine said, and Vritra started flying. If it wasn’t for her, then he might never have been able to get out of there.

She continued to give him instructions as Vritra avoided several things and soon reached the top of the enormous throne. He landed over an arm that was lying over the armrest.

The entity sitting on the throne made no movements. Vritra moved according to Yasmine and was soon floating exactly in front of the entity’s forehead, where a bright crystal shining with a green colour was embedded.

The misty essence was present inside the crystal. It had tried all sorts of things to get Vritra killed, but Yasmine protected him. Seeing Vritra finally finding its main body, the mythic halo panicked, and breaking the crystal, it began to flee.

"Heh. Where do you think you are going now? We haven’t played enough yet." Vritra’s hand shot forward at full speed as he caught the flame in his grasp. The green flame was struggling badly.

This green flame looked less like a flame but more as if it was made of powder—like a fire in a 2D game. The mythic halo was shocked that Vritra had managed to grab it so easily. Despite all its struggles, it couldn’t get out.

And then Vritra did the most natural thing—

BITE!!

Just like with Nihil-Anima, he began to devour the mythic halo. Within moments, he had devoured the entire green flame and then felt a shiver as the green flame continued to struggle even inside his body.

Mutamorphis’s message was about to pop at any moment, but suddenly, a strong presence spread within Vritra’s body as the invisible flames surrounded the new green flames, making it cower in fear.

Misty Essence’s struggle stopped instantly as it shrivelled like a frightened kid, hiding from that monster in a corner.

"Oh, now this is nice. Great job, Nihil-Anima." Vritra smiled and finally opened his eyes. Everything around him had started to break apart after turning into powder.

"Let’s take control of this thing first."

[Mutamorphis: Analysing the body...]

[You have one of the Mythic Halos.]

[The twentieth-ranked Mythic Halo: Misty Essence Mythic Halo detected.]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...