Chapter 272: Teacherrrr… [R-18]

Fiona cupped Vritra’s cheek, and with her eyes shut tight, she pressed her lips against his, her actions seeming inexperienced. This play was turning better than expected; it really felt like he was with his teacher rather than Fiona.

Feeling her soft lips on his, Vritra placed his hands over her waist and pulled her closer.

Fiona was startled as she pulled her lips back and spoke. "D- Don’t do anything, I will be the one doing it."

"Fine, looks like my teacher is really liking this sort of setting—" Vritra said. Fiona just silenced him as she pressed her lips against his, her whole body tense.

But remembering her knowledge from the novels and videos, Fiona soon began to move her lips over his, her tongue shyly peeking out as she gave a tentative lick to his lips.

And Vritra opened his mouth right at that time, as he caught her tongue between his lips and sucked it deeper before entangling his own tongue with hers.

"Mmm~ w- waikkk—" Fiona tried to speak, but as she tasted his mouth, her senses seemed to explode, and she could just squeeze her cloth in her fists as their tongues started to make a hot and wet mess.

SLURP SLURP

Fiona just allowed Vritra to take the lead as he sucked and nibbled over her tongue, sucking out her sweet saliva.

She felt really embarrassed when she heard the sound of him gulping, but remembering that to get the video deleted she needed to do her best, Fiona began to copy him.

Her soft, wet tongue rolled around his as she wrapped her arms around his neck and squeezed her body against his. She pulled Vritra’s tongue into her mouth and started sucking slowly.

Her cheeks hollowed out as she sucked his tongue and then swirled the mixture of their saliva before drinking it all.

Gulp

She really enjoyed tasting his saliva even though she pretended to hate it. Only the sound of slurping and gulping rang out in the room, and her face had already turned crimson red.

They kissed for more than ten minutes, and Fiona just wouldn’t stop; the longer they kissed, the more into it she seemed. Their tongues were rolling from one mouth to another.

Finally, Vritra pulled his lips away as Fiona’s tongue stretched slightly, as if she didn’t want to leave his mouth, a thick line of saliva still connecting them.

"Don’t tell me, teacher, did you think a kiss is all we are going to do? Did you only learn that from reading those novels?" Vritra asked in a teasing tone.

"N- no, of course not, haa haa, I know everything..." Fiona still tried to manage her image as the teacher, even though she was clinging onto him. Her first kiss seemed to have taken away all her strength.

"Then show it to me, will you, what it is exactly that you have learned..." Vritra said.

"Hmph, you are the student here so don’t forget that. You still have a lot to learn before you could reach my level. Let me show you what exactly is the difference between a teacher and a student." Fiona said as she took Vritra’s hand and pulled him towards the bed.

After gently pushing him onto the bed, Fiona clutched her clothes as if still not sure if she should go ahead with it or not.

A clear excitement of this whole situation was visible over her face, but such a relation between a teacher and student was just so wrong.

"Haha, I knew it—you won’t be able to do it. What were you saying about being a teacher earlier?" Vritra asked, mocking her.

"I can do it." Fiona finally had a resolute look on her face; she no longer hesitated and pulled off her clothes.

Putting aside her excitement, she was doing all this to maintain the respect of all the teachers. How could she allow a student to make fun of a teacher? So she decided to show him her greatness.

Soon she stood in just her sexy panties and bra, but after a moment, she removed both of them and stood completely naked in front of Vritra. One of her hands was covering her boobs while the other was covering her vagina.

"Oh, feeling shy, are you? I am waiting for my lesson, teacher." Vritra added, gazing at her beautiful body. After receiving the inheritance, it seemed her beauty had increased even further, and she looked so hot.

"Hah, just you wait." Fiona showed a haughty look as she revealed her body, and sensing his gaze roaming over her body, she had a proud look on her face.

"Seen enough?" While speaking, she moved forward and climbed on top of Vritra.

Using all the knowledge she had gained from her novels, she began to act. First, Fiona kissed his cheek, her boobs lightly pressing against his chest as she sat over his lower body. Her body shivered when she felt his clothes against her pussy.

Then she sensually dragged her lips down to his neck, giving soft kisses while her hands began to work as she started to take off his clothes. Releasing mild moans, the redhead kissed and sucked his skin, her movements very messy.

"Don’t get too excited, okay," Fiona said, her voice sensual.

"Damn, I lost." Vritra threw away the whole roleplay act; how could he hold back when his sexy girl lay on top of him naked like that?

Rolling her around, he made all his clothes disappear before leaning forward and capturing her pink lips into a hot, passionate kiss. Vritra pushed one of his legs between her legs and then felt her wet pussy against his thigh.

Fiona moaned into his mouth; she was suddenly overwhelmed with pleasure as she started to feel it from all over.

Vritra kissed her neck, biting her buttery skin and sucking it into his mouth as he left new kiss marks on her body.

’It sure feels good to leave my marks on my woman’s body. I wonder when will the day come when I will be able to mark you too, wifey,’ Vritra thought.

"Hehe, I will be waiting for it," Yasmine said, but for now, she was just enjoying this learning session between the teacher and student.

Vritra’s hands moved down towards Fiona’s ass as he held her soft ass cheeks and started kneading them. Her fleshy butt felt so soft, and his fingers easily sank into them.

Vritra’s tongue moved from her neck to her shoulder as he bit her shoulder, making Fiona’s body jerk all of a sudden as she released a cry of pleasure. The mark of teeth appeared over her milky skin.

" Hnngggg mmmmphh," she continued to moan while feeling his teeth, tongue, and lips moving all over her shoulders and neck.

He continued to knead her ass cheek with one hand while bringing the other towards her vagina.

When Fiona felt his hand moving over her thigh, she felt a bit nervous as she squeezed her thighs.

"It is fine, just relax. You will feel really good." Vritra whispered into her ear as he nibbled over her earlobe before bringing his face close to her boobs.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...