Chapter 554 Sorry and Thank you

During the remainder of the day, assassins, various organizations, and all sorts of people were coming to the Yate realm.

Some sneaking inside, while many came to form good relations with them, some hoping to buy treasures from the witch.

The day was quite hectic for Gunter and Psyche, who were busy handling people in their separate departments.

Vritra just enjoyed his time with Teresa, helping her settle in this new temporary house.

The day passed just like that without much disturbance for Vritra; the two slept peacefully together, cuddling under the sheets.

Teresa was less shy this time as she hugged him, placing her head over his arm and talking about random things.

Since the bed wasn't big enough for four people, Fiona and Yasmine took out their beds and slept in the same room.

***

Vritra woke up early; he sensed that Psyche was still busy killing intruders.

While Gunter was still in meetings with strong people from powerful organizations.

"Good morning, Tess." Vritra kissed her cheek as the beautiful woman in his arms opened her eyes, smiling to wake in such a lovely way.

"Good morning, husband." She replied, before burying her face into his neck, hugging him tighter.

She needed two more minutes of sleep.

"Remember we have to visit the Star realm today? Let's get ready." Vritra spoke after a while, patting her head.

"Mhmm," she hummed, and pulled back. After slight hesitation, she kissed his cheek too, gently pressing her soft juicy black lips against his skin.

Then she got up and turned around, a sweet feeling blossoming in her heart.

As soon as she went into the bathroom, Fiona and Yasmine became visible.

"Darling, where is my good morning kiss?" Fiona spoke with a pout, walking closer to his bed.

Then she leaned down and pressed her tender lips against his. After lingering for a few extra seconds, she pulled back.

Yasmine followed along, giving him a short soft kiss.

The two ladies were already dressed up and ready; Yasmine wasn't going to miss this show.

…

Soon, Vritra and Teresa were both ready, dressed up in matching clothes prepared by Ava.

"Tess, you look lovely." Vritra said, taking in the beautiful sight.

"Thank you, husband." With a big smile on her face, Teresa replied. She too took in the sight of her husband.

And was just as mesmerized; he looked far better than any of her imagination.

Soon, Teresa covered her face with a veil, but Vritra interrupted.

"Tess, there is no need to wear a veil. Let's go just like this." He said, as he stood exactly behind her, placed his chin over her shoulder, and looked at their image in the mirror.

"But that would be too problematic…" Teresa raised her head slightly, her eyes unfocused.

"It will be fine. You know I have the Misty Essence mythic halo. They won't even be able to see you. I will change your appearance through an illusion." Vritra said, his hands wrapping around her waist.

"Oh okay, thank you, husband." Teresa smiled brightly. She didn't like wearing that veil all the time either, but if normal people saw her face, there was a high chance they would just go crazy.

Even without speaking, he already knew what she wanted, or even things she didn't know she wanted. She was starting to fall deeper and deeper for him.

"You are my wife. There is no need for thank you or sorry. Instead, you can just give me something in return, a reward instead of thank you and compensation instead of sorry." Vritra spoke, slowly turning her around.

"W- What?" Teresa felt her heartbeat increase. She focused on his lips for a moment and then her senses became unfocused.

"I am waiting. Come on, give me my reward." Vritra leaned forward slightly. His arms were wrapped around her waist, otherwise Teresa might have fallen back, her legs going soft.

"Uh O- Okay…" Her fists clenched, she shut her senses down and slowly moved forward.

Her heartbeat kept getting faster, her body turning hot.

After a moment, her moist black lips pressed against his warm lips, though her angle was a little off.

Her lips only touched the left side of his lips, but that was enough to make her body shiver.

Teresa was about to pull back, but Vritra's hand slid onto the back of her head.

Vritra tilted his head, his lips softly rubbing against hers and properly aligning this time.

He didn't make any further move, just pressed his lips tighter against hers; the feeling was just too wonderful.

The kiss lasted for a couple dozen seconds, then their lips softly separated. Her juicy black lips stuck to his for a moment longer before bouncing back.

Her lips were so delicious that Vritra barely held himself back from devouring them. He licked his lips, looking at her blushing face.

"Mm, delicious… So you understand how to say sorry or thank you from now on, right?" Vritra asked, the sensation of her lips still lingering on his.

Teresa had tilted her head back. She too loved her first kiss; who could have thought something could actually feel this good.

"Hmm." She nodded, biting on her lower lip softly, enticing Vritra to continue.

"That's good. Let's go then. Let's see how the Star realm looks." Vritra finally took a step back, separating from her warm and soft body.

Teresa hurriedly turned around; her face was burning. She touched her cheeks, feeling so hot.

Vritra was in no hurry. He would slowly change her and make their bond stronger.

Soon, the two walked out of the room.

Gunter had refused to meet anyone for a while. He was now talking with Yasmine and Fiona, who had just arrived there to meet Vritra, or so he believed.

"Please come, I will have my best chefs prepare breakfast for you while we wait for Art." Gunter said respectfully.

These two by far were the most important people who had visited the Yate realm so far; all of them were just here to make some deals.

"There is no need." Fiona refused, her face as stoic as ever.

'Just as I had heard, the Phoenix Empress is quite scary. She had even killed so many lords. Thankfully, we are on the same side.' Gunter heaved a sigh of relief.

He decided to ask his son later about how he knew all of them.

"You two are here? Good, let's head out after eating breakfast." Vritra finally appeared with Teresa, who was not wearing her veil, but for others except his two wives, it appeared she still was.

"Okay." Fiona agreed instantly.

'Huh? Didn't she just refuse?' Gunter looked at them strangely, but then he hurriedly ordered the chefs to prepare various things.

"You two seem in a good mood. Did something happen?" Yasmine looked teasingly at Teresa. Now that Fiona was all grown up, it wasn't as fun to tease her.

"… " Instantly, Teresa's face flushed red. She could almost feel his lips on hers as she remembered the kiss.

"Yes, she thanked me." Vritra interrupted.

Soon, the group of six were seated around the dining table. Ava and Gunter sat together on one side.

On the other were the four of them.

Soon, various dishes were brought to the table, which were a bit heavy for a breakfast.

So they ate lunch and breakfast at the same time and finally headed out to the Star realm.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...