Chapter 294: The God

"Of course not, that’s not what I meant, but isn’t it comfortable sleeping like this?" Vritra asked, surrounded by warmth and softness.

It indeed felt quite nice, and with his strength the weight of their soft, voluptuous bodies wasn’t a problem for him.

The ladies knew exactly where this path would lead them to, and they were ready for it.

...

A few minutes had passed. Inside the next room, Yennefer was strolling casually, she would occasionally stop near the wall and try to sense exactly what was happening in the next room.

Vritra had set up barriers, but they didn’t really put up any resistance to her prying, and Yasmine couldn’t be exposed to outsiders, so she didn’t add any barrier.

"Tsk, that room is so big, why is there only one bed? The king has disappeared, and the people here have forgotten about hospitality. And who even sleeps like that?" she spoke to herself, her voice slightly agitated.

After a while, the group of four in the next room fell asleep, and soon Yennefer also decided to stop her strolling, as she climbed onto her bed and lay down.

’Sigh, why am I even wasting my time in this place?’ The empress wondered as she closed her eyes.

***

The night passed quickly, and the morning was rather lively.

It was around seven in the morning, the weather seemed a little rainy with dark clouds covering the sun.

Right outside the castle, the guards watched as one person after another kept walking close to the door and lining outside. Already there was a crowd of a few hundred men and women.

"What exactly is going on here? Is this even allowed?" one of the guards asked, staring at the crowd.

"I heard it is for some sort of recruitment, and the one responsible for it is one of the guests from the Blue kingdom. As long as nothing goes wrong, we should be fine."

The other guard replied, staring at the crowd that kept growing bigger.

Right outside the castle boundary, a few meters to the left side of the gates, Vritra sat on a chair on one side of a table to interview the people coming.

Monk Shitless stood beside him, and the great monk was responsible for the entire event. This was the first task Vritra had given to him — to spread information about a recruitment.

It was a recruitment post for a servant who would help the God of Mercy with tea, water, and serving food in day-to-day life.

And it was the pay that shocked everyone: they would need to work five days a week and get a full payment of 1,000 gold coins every month, with other holidays and bonuses.

The people were suspicious and confused about two things — first about the God of Mercy, and second about such absurd pay.

They even heard that whether a person was selected after the interview or not, they would still get 2 gold coins.

Although people felt that it was some sort of scam, many still came to give it a try, pulled by the lure of money, just to see if any of the said things were true or not.

And upon finally arriving outside the castle boundary, they indeed found the frail but handsome interviewer and the baldy manager. Despite their doubts, a few of the people gave it a try.

Although all of them were rejected, they did get the promised gold coins, and so after hearing about this, more and more people started coming for the interview.

The news about this job recruitment was the first rumour that Monk Shitless started, while the second was about a God who had descended to bring mercy to everyone in the White kingdom.

The slaves, the people who wanted to end the slave system, and everyone else — a god who had arrived to bring change. This interview would also serve for the second major event of Vritra’s plan.

Fiona, Vanessa, and Diana sat in the distance and just observed everything.

Now they knew exactly why Vritra always pulled so much attention towards himself, so they were quite excited as more and more people flooded in.

"What’s your name and speciality?" Vritra asked, looking at the old man who was wearing a cowboy outfit while his teeth were chattering non-stop.

"I could kill a thousand men with a single strike, and I have served water to soldiers all my life. I am the best servant for you, the respectful God of Mercy." The old man said, raising his wobbly and thin hand.

"Next!" Vritra called out as the old man got two gold coins from Monk Shitless and watched the small crowd that had already been rejected and was now just waiting to see who would get selected.

"The man in black! Heh, do you think I wouldn’t remember your face after you already got rejected? Any person who tries to get 2 gold coins again will be beaten like this!!" Monk Shitless shouted and gestured towards his bull.

"Bullo, charge!"

Mhhooooooo...

Letting out a loud sound, the bull charged into the crowd, scaring everyone, and the person who was sneaking into the line again ran away in fright.

Vritra didn’t really care about the post or the interview. The only thing that truly mattered was...

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +918}

{Sin Point Gained: Intrigued +932}

{Sin Point Gained: Envied +920}

...

As more and more people heard about this recruitment event, all the members of the family rushed to the place.

People with big families were especially happy since they were going to get 2 gold coins each.

Monk Shitless managed the crowd and gave the important information in the midst of interviews.

The main objective was to introduce a new God in this kingdom so they could gain even higher sin points with their next plan.

’Wifey, this much should be fine, right? The god won’t put a legal strike on me for using the title or anything, hmm?’ While interviewing a middle-aged woman he asked.

"Yeah, don’t worry. This much is fine as I have said before. Since you are not targeting any gods or disrespecting them all collectively, you are in the safe zone." Yasmine replied.

Vritra nodded as he glanced around and didn’t see Yennefer. She had probably gone out to continue with her demon lord searching mission.

After just thirty minutes since the interview started, more than a thousand people had gathered outside the castle, and the space outside became very crowded.

It was no longer fine to conduct the recruitment there.

The guards decided to put a stop to it. After all, they couldn’t conduct their duties properly with there being such a large crowd.

"ALL HAIL THE GOD OF MERCY, THE GOD WHO HAD DESCENDED TO TAKE AWAY ALL OUR PROBLEMS! HE WOULD END SLAVERY, MAKE SURE EVERYONE HAD ENOUGH FOOD ON THEIR PLATES, AND LET THEM LIVE THEIR LIVES HAPPILY!! THE GOD WHO COULD DO ANYTHING AS LONG AS YOU HAVE ENOUGH FAITH!!"

Monk Shitless shouted, his voice reverberating all across the place.

Spreading his name and getting a lot of people to worship him madly wasn’t an easy task, but Vritra planned to get a lot of sin points and increase his strength significantly before leaving the continent.

Just then, a weak voice came from the crowd...

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...