Chapter 563 Lost

Drino laughed loudly as he saw one of his strongest attacks succeed as always, now he just needed to finish the job and collect his loot.

'Unexpectedly, along with the god's favor I can get two of the mythic halos, how lucky!!' Drino was quite satisfied.

He felt that Vritra was such a fool, he dragged Drino back just to deliver all his treasures away like that.

But just as he got close to the center of the explosion, everything was suddenly sucked away and then a brand new Vritra appeared.

"Hmm, Null has so many applications, not bad." He mumbled, his body was still weak but at least he was in one piece.

"Oh, how surprising, no one has survived against that attack of mine. You aren't bad, actually you could have been excellent but you should have listened to me." Drino heaved a sigh of relief.

Thankfully he had decided to kill Vritra right here, or in the future he would have been big trouble.

"Lizard, how much time do you have left on this planet?" Stretching his body, Vritra questioned.

"Enough to kill you and take that woman back." Drino's face twisted with an ugly smile and once again the battle began.

Vritra was fully on defense, while Drino became even more aggressive.

WHOOOSH

Vritra dodged and landed a heavy kick over the creature's head but it barely made his head tilt.

'Damnit, even with shift, forbidden, and all my skills, I can't hurt him. That radioactive fist might be my only option so let's charge it a bit more.' Vritra gritted his teeth and flashed away.

Whether he got hurt or he attacked someone, the meter of radioactive fist would keep going up.

And Drino's attacks were so powerful, surely the final attack with this fist would be very powerful.

BANG

BOOOOM

Drino was moving at full speed, his strength increasing constantly. He was trying to hit Vritra's critical points but every time he managed to slip away.

"You damn bug, just stop struggling. You can't win this fight!!" Drino's rage was increasing, he couldn't understand how a level 1 demi god was still alive against him.

Creating a large sword from goop, Vritra swung it around and struck Drino's neck, but it barely had any effect.

The large creature jumped high, then kicking the surface of his domain, Drino launched toward Vritra, whose body was slowly disappearing.

SWISH

Vritra's left arm was cut off just an instant before he teleported away.

Even with teleportation, Vritra was finding it hard to dodge the attacks now. Gritting his teeth, he stopped time, exhausting a large amount of his mana.

And then he called out his soul wraiths again, and together they started to attack, yet Drino's natural defenses were quite high.

"ENOUGH!" the demi god exploded in rage, he broke free and destroyed the soul wraiths again and this time, his hand stabbed straight into one of Vritra's hearts.

And then he called out his soul wraiths again, and together they started to attack, yet Drino's natural defenses were quite high.

"ENOUGH!" the demi god exploded in rage, he broke free and destroyed the soul wraiths again and this time, his hand stabbed straight into one of Vritra's hearts.

BOOOOOM

With a loud explosion, they were separated as one of the hearts got destroyed. Vritra coughed out blood, his complexion becoming paler, the situation was too hopeless.

He fell down, and just a moment before Vritra could have moved away, Drino landed heavily on him, stomping hard over his chest.

His tail moved at extreme speed, stabbing his chest again and destroying the second heart, as Vritra's vision started to turn blurry.

His body was doing its best at healing but there was just not enough time and Drino's energy was already causing chaos in his internal organs.

"Enough playing around, just die now!!" Drino shouted, he brought his sword down and tore off Vritra's right hand as well.

"Be happy that you got to die by my hand, and thank you for delivering all those treasures to me." Drino's smile twisted, then he brought the heavy sword down.

Atomic, elegy parasite, and goop instantly reacted, protecting him against the vicious strike.

CLANG

And the blade actually bounced off his chest, yet goop was too weak now and atomic could barely stay active.

Elegy parasite too couldn't do anything in this situation.

"Hmm, just how many abilities and treasures are you hiding? Looks like I am going to obtain quite a lot this time, hahaha." Drino was extremely happy, he could even take the divine's skills.

Then wouldn't one day he be able to even surpass the gods?

Without wasting another moment, his arms rose up as he held the heavy blade with both hands.

Energy poured out crazily as he decided to use his strongest attack to kill Vritra in one strike.

Drino's arms started shaking, the size of the blade kept increasing, even the space around it started to buzz.

If it really landed, Vritra would have little to no chance of survival.

'Move… move…' As his senses slightly returned, Vritra tried teleporting away but failed, he could only stare as the enormous blade began to approach his body.

Collecting whatever mana remained, Vritra healed his right arm, he weakly pointed it toward Drino and was about to activate the radioactive fist.

WHOOSH

But right at that moment, a long pinkish cloth flew from somewhere and wrapped tightly around Drino's arms, forcefully shifting him.

BOOOOOOOM

Drino wanted to stop but it was already too late, instead of striking Vritra, he struck the space just beside him.

A chaotic scene played out as Vritra finally teleported away. The land hundreds of kilometres around got destroyed, a powerful cloud of destructive force rose into the sky.

Even the people who were far away on the continent saw the baffling scene, it was as if the end of the world was approaching.

It was far more dangerous than even the war, the Golden Moon and other organizations decided not to even go there to check.

There was no way they could handle something of that scale, so they just thought it must be Divine Kage making its move against someone.

It took a couple of minutes for things to finally calm down, Drino stared at the enormous crater before him in a daze.

Yet again he had failed to kill Vritra, but what had pulled him at the last moment?

He looked back in rage and saw several women standing beside the injured Vritra.

Vanessa, Fiona, Diana, and Maeve were all standing there.

Just now, Vanessa had used the weapon given to her by the Divine, it was truly quite powerful.

But with her current strength, she couldn't make much use of it.

"M- Mom, Diana, Fiona, Foxie, why are you all here?" Taking several long breaths, he questioned as his body started to heal.

"What do you mean why? We are here to help you." Vanessa looked at the injuries on her son's body and glared at Drino.

"He isn't someone you can handle at your current level-" Vritra was just speaking when Drino interrupted.

"So they are your family? Good, now that they are here, let's put the entire family to rest at once."

Drino gazed at them, wondering if he was going to get more treasure by killing them.

They were all at the lord rank, what could they even do to him?

Fiona's body was shaking in extreme rage, someone dared to hurt her husband, she was going to burn that bastard alive.

She was the first to move, before even Vritra could react, the redhead had already launched toward the monster.

❖❖❖