Chapter 557 One Step Ahead

Vritra finally saw the tiny piece of the love pill, but it was right at the centre of a really powerful tornado.

As if the tornado was born around the pill itself.

Vritra's defence stat was still locked. He wondered if such a powerful tornado would injure him.

'It is affecting space and time itself.

If this thing is brought back to the Zoratian planet, then most of the planet would be destroyed within a minute.' He sighed. In his life, why could nothing ever be simple?

Vritra waited for the day when he could finally meet the person who decided his fate, or the people who might be enjoying watching his suffering.

Shaking his head, he focused on the task at hand. It took him more than three days, and now he was stuck at this.

The tornado was quite large. He looked like a tiny ant in front of it. All the surrounding tornadoes that came in contact with it were destroyed instantly.

'Whatever, let's do it.' Locking his senses onto the piece of the pill, Vritra closed his eyes and created two small footholds.

Vritra planned to go at full speed, for the first time after becoming a demi god.

[Shift Activated.]

[Agility: 20]

He didn't divide the stat of his endurance. After all, there wouldn't be a point if he ended up dead.

BOOOOM

With a loud sonic boom, Vritra shot forward, his speed faster than ever.

He almost felt like he was warping through space, and finally he collided with the tornado.

Loop was able to shield the collision, but soon it couldn't handle the violent energy of the tornado. His clothes started tearing from here and there.

Atomic stopped most of the energy. Vritra even activated Suck! Suck! Suck! and used the black hole to pull energy, but it wasn't of much use.

His body started moving along the flow of the tornado. He could barely get control of himself, and soon tiny cuts started appearing over his skin.

It seemed his defences weren't really invincible, though he was still holding better than he expected.

Even his senses were getting affected. Vritra could only slowly drift towards the centre.

It seemed his defences weren't really invincible, though he was still holding better than he expected.

Even his senses were getting affected. Vritra could only slowly drift towards the centre.

Minutes passed. He just kept drifting through the violent current, the level of injuries worsening, but his healing speed was even faster.

BANG

Something struck Vritra's body, momentarily stopping him. This gave him a moment to think and compose himself.

It was a large piece of some mineral. Using it, he kicked himself forward. Using his skills in the best way he could think of, Vritra finally managed to reach the centre.

He took the tiny piece of the pill and broke away from the large tornado, not stopping until he was far away.

'That was… wild.'

His head was spinning, but as he glanced at the tiny piece in his palm, he smiled.

It was worth it. Yennefer's soul fragment was definitely inside.

He could think about how to bring her back later. First, he moved towards the portal which was covered by a protective layer.

Finding his way back wasn't really hard. He could, after all, sense the presence of his wives very clearly.

He knocked on it once and waited. After a moment, the portal opened and a slender arm pulled him out.

Yasmine hurriedly turned off the portal and then looked at her husband. Aside from his dishevelled hair, everything seemed fine.

"Hubby, are you okay?" the dragoness took a deep breath, hugging Vritra tightly.

"…Yeah haa, I am fine." He allowed himself to calm down. His biggest worry had just been resolved.

"Did you find her?" Fiona got closer and asked, hugging him just as tightly.

Diana, Vanessa, and Maeve followed, relieved that he was back safely.

"Yes." He revealed the tiny pill. All the women looked at it in confusion, then they sensed the familiar presence of Yennefer.

"Oh, a fragment of her soul is trapped inside. So this is all that's left of her?" Vanessa mumbled. She had gone through all that to protect Vritra.

"Wifey, do you know how we can bring her back from this?" Vritra looked at her hopefully. She had returned from a similar situation after all.

"Now that her soul is with us, at least she isn't in any danger. First, we need to strengthen her soul to some extent with soul potions." Yasmine said.

The goddess spoke, "I have created a lot of soul potions, so you don't have to worry about that."

"Hmm, that's good. And we also have nihil anima, so at least she would be fine once she is out of that pill. But we have to construct her body…" Yasmine mumbled.

'Looking at this pill, it should be around a tenth of its original size. Then…' He paused his thoughts and looked up before asking, "How long exactly have I been inside?"

"A little over ten days." Maeve answered. All this time, they had just been waiting there.

"Ten days!" Vritra exclaimed. Then the time difference should be over three times.

Which meant that although almost three years had passed in the outside world, in that tornado realm not even a year had passed.

'Oh, no wonder. With Yama's protection, she would be protected for a year.' He thought. Then it wouldn't be long before her soul would be out.

Probably a few days, but now she would be perfectly safe at least.

"How did you get your body back? Do you know of a way?" Vritra asked, turning to Yasmine.

"My parents had left behind a coffin. When my soul entered it, the coffin automatically started creating my body." She answered doubtfully.

Vritra felt a bit hopeful. For now, he put the piece of the pill away safely in his dimensional book, under his constant watch.

"Can we use it again?" he asked hurriedly.

"We can try, but I think it needed some source of energy which I have already used." Yasmine answered.

"What energy source? Like a core?" he asked, pulling out the energy core he had taken from Dago's body.

"Why don't we leave this place first and go somewhere else?" Diana suggested.

So they first decided to head to Diana's palace, where most of her soul potions were stored.

Before leaving, Vritra thanked the monarch of the Star family, and finally the group left.

The poor monarch finally relaxed. All the women in that group were so dangerous. These past ten days had been tough.

Although there were still things he needed to resolve, Vritra was a little happy now. Very soon, he would be back with her.

He held Fiona's hand and Teresa's hand, the two ladies sticking close to him. Somehow, it seemed they had developed some sort of rivalry.

And Yasmine was teaching strange things to Teresa, like how she should fight for him.

Before long, they arrived in the capital and inside the palace.

"Dear, these are most of the soul potions I have created over time." Diana handed him a storage glyph that was flooded with soul potions.

Vritra patted her head and put away the bottles. They were inside a large hall that was completely sealed off from outside.

Next, Yasmine took out the coffin, which looked rather simple.

"Yeah, I don't think we can use it. What sort of energy does it need though?" Vritra touched the coffin, and he could tell it was completely useless right now.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...