Chapter 150: Blunder

The three carriages continued to move through the forest at their usual pace. The next city was a bit further away, so over half of the night would be spent in the forest.

Most of the guards had fallen asleep by now. They doubted anyone would dare to attack the carriages with the royal symbol, so they just needed to drop the four people at the border.

The sky was dark, and the forest was unusually quiet. Vritra sat on the comfortable seat with his head leaning back and his eyes closed. His arms rested over the armrest as he tapped on it with his finger, feeling the chilly air of the night.

Suddenly, the dark sky was covered by silhouettes of thousands of men, all of them circling around the peacefully moving carriages.

They wore black robes with black masks on their faces. Six people were leading the large group. The air suddenly became suffocatingly thick with bloodlust.

Aside from these thousands of men from the Nine Pacts, the three demon generals arrived in the sky as they gazed at the people from the Nine Pacts and Bone Blood Cult.

Yes, the ten people from the Bone Blood Cult had also arrived there along with thousands of men dressed in red clothes. Their bloodlust made the space around them twist.

Thousands upon thousands of people were floating in the sky at this time. Flying was a skill that people at their levels could easily buy and learn.

Learning skills in such a manner became possible only because of the creation of the Glyph by Rodrick Mech—one of the biggest inventions in history.

Despite the sudden presence of more than twenty thousand men, where even the minimum level was above five hundred, the two carriages continued to move just as before.

"Which among you bastards was it? The humans are as vicious as ever. Did the Nine Pacts decide to backstab us? Or was it the sniffing dogs from the Bone Blood Cult?" Thaddeus was the first to break the silence among the three top powers.

Vritra, with his eyes closed, activated the Nether Eyes as he observed the sky and sighed. What bad luck that all of them had actually arrived so fast. He had hoped that they would have come at least a day or two later.

After midnight, the Divine Sin Arrow would have finished its merging process—but it was a pity.

Vritra tried to gauge their levels with his appraisal but failed. The difference in level was just so big. But from their auras, he could tell which among them were the strongest.

The three demon generals were definitely at the top. Their levels were so high that they could make the entire Dunshire Kingdom disappear within moments.

Then the people from the Nine Pacts—they were slightly weaker than the demon generals, but their strength was still very high, capable of crushing BOB with a tap of their fingers.

And at last, the Bone Blood Cult—with the most dense killing intent. A legion- or Myriad-rank was nothing to them. They had surpassed that level hundreds of years ago.

The Nine Pacts’ army had more than ten thousand men, and the same was true for the lunatics of the BBC, most of whose members were on the lower side of the levels.

At the center of it all was Vritra, with his low level that seemed like nothing in front of all those people.

"Demon Generals, you’d better stay out of our business. The deal between us was nullified the moment you ignored our request in search of the person who destroyed our base.

Don’t act recklessly unless you want to anger the entire Nine Pacts," a man in a completely black dress, with a mask that didn’t have any face on it, stepped forward and replied to the demon general.

"Tsk, that would depend on whether the thief is from the Nine Pacts or not, and I’m going to find that out after beating the shit out of both your organizations," Silquor spoke, waving his torn-out sleeves around.

Despite their high status and great strength, the three demon generals still wore these old dresses that were given to them by their lord as gifts.

"Hahahaha! This is going to be so much fun. Bone Blood Cult is going to kill the faceless from the Nine Pacts and three demon generals today." Blunder laughed hideously as he glared at the two organizations.

"We from the Nine Pacts don’t wish to fight the demon generals. We have no idea about who stole your lord’s demon core—" Faceless from the Nine Pacts began to speak but suddenly halted, as he turned his gaze towards Blunder and glared.

"Oh!! And how exactly did you get this news? If you’re not the thief, then you certainly know who is, am I right?" Morvik said, his hissing voice making others’ ears hurt.

Previously, Faceless had gotten a letter from the Bone Blood Cult. It was given to him directly by Blunder.

The Bone Blood Cult couldn’t be trusted, so he was quite reluctant to open it at first, but in exchange for some information, the only condition Blunder had put forward was not to intervene in the fight between the three demon generals and the Bone Blood Cult.

So Faceless from the Nine Pacts had agreed to this condition. When he opened the letter, there was information about the person they were here to search for—Vritra.

But it was just a coincidence, or probably Vritra’s bad luck. Blunder had just given his name away so that he could get Vritra involved in this great battle.

But unknowingly, he had given out the right information. That was exactly how the Nine Pacts were able to find Vritra so easily. But there was one more piece of news written in the letter—

News about the reason why the three demon generals had come to this place, and that the Demon Lord’s core had been stolen by someone.

At that time, Faceless couldn’t understand why Blunder had added such an important piece of information for free. But he decided to accept it as a gift of their cooperation.

After all, what damage could a piece of information cause?

But now he remembered that nothing in this world was free. Just having that info in his mind had put everyone from the Nine Pacts into danger and against the three demon generals.

Of course, Faceless wasn’t going to just reveal this information even if he knew it. But Blunder had a power to lead people without them having any idea they were being led—quite similar to natural hypnosis but much stronger.

Just now, he had fallen into Blunder’s plan. Faceless could only curse the man before sighing and speaking:

"Yeah, I’m sorry, but I couldn’t share any more information about that core because of the promise I made with the Bone Blood Cult—to Blunder. We had made a deal. That’s why I’ve decided to end our cooperation. You can do whatever you want with those lunatics. My only target is him."

Faceless looked at the carriages that seemed to be moving much slower now under the pressure of so many people, he still seemed calm from his voice; unafraid of the dangerous generals.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...