Chapter 659 The Parasite

[Spiritual Burst!]

[Spiritual Burst!]

[Spiritual Burst!]

Vritra's physical body had weakened but his mental energy was still just as strong.

Waves after waves of mental energy shot out at one of the men, as Vritra lunged towards him.

He had to stall for around 30 minutes, but in that time he also had to kill them all.

Morgan might play some tricks during this time, so Vritra was very vigilant, a part of his mind always concentrated on the player.

"Aghhhhh" the puppet like man clutched his head and screamed, his spiritual attribute was rather low.

If Vritra wasn't holding back, then he might already be dead.

WHOOSH

The spear stabbed into his thigh as blood gushed out, but the puppet didn't react to the physical pain, only staggering back.

THUD

The hammer struck Vritra's back in that instant, but it was more of a cover.

The energy was running rampant in his body, the merging was getting dangerous, as suddenly veins exploded on his back.

'Only five minutes have passed…' he thought, his body shaking even more violently.

'He is better than expected but also weaker…?' Morgan watched the fight and couldn't tell if Vritra was strong or weak.

This guy got so easily injured by those weak attacks, his body seemed on the verge of collapse.

Yet he was still contending against those eight, constantly wounding those men, it just didn't make any sense.

Whatever this guy might be planning, Morgan had his own plans, this sort of battle also benefitted him.

'Take as much time as you want, I was wondering if I should let you keep some of your consciousness but now you are going to be another puppet in my group.'

A thread like line started to stretch over the ground, completely invisible to the naked eye.

It quickly moved towards Vritra and just as he stepped back, it pierced through the back of his neck.

While fighting and with all the pain, he didn't even notice it.

This ability to turn others into puppets was very powerful, others wouldn't even notice and soon their memories and consciousness would be gone.

The only downside being that it needed time and with this battle, Vritra had given him enough time.

"Brother, you sure a- are tough. But HUFF HUFF unfortunately, you c- can't join them, if you just die a- all those women will be s- safe." Butcher spoke while panting.

There were many wounds over his body, greatly slowing him down.

He didn't possess any physical ability to begin with, so he just hid behind the seven men.

Fearing that Vritra just might kill him.

During the fight, he didn't forget to keep throwing lustful gazes towards the worried women.

A knife slashed at Vritra's arm but without caring about the wound, he stabbed the dagger through the throat of one man.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +5,021}

Instantly a message popped before Vritra, and he instantly ordered:

'Use 2,000 points to purchase 1 Endurance attribute point!'

After killing this guy, his attributes increased but it was just 0.1 short of 100.

[You have obtained 1 Endurance Attribute Point!]

[All attributes have reached the threshold!]

[Merge with an Ascension Path to continue evolving!]

Several messages popped before him instantly.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 100)

(Agility: 100)

(Endurance: 100)

(Spiritual: 100)

{Free Attribute: 0}

』

{Sin Points: 3045}

'It's done, now I just need to…' a wave of dizziness suddenly hit Vritra, almost making him fall as attacks arrived from all directions.

He stomped his feet on the ground, trying to stand properly.

Was it also because of the merging process?

He didn't have the time to think, as knives and ice blades almost punctured his body.

Vritra had experienced fighting a large horde, so it wasn't too difficult for him.

But with his current condition, it was almost like he was playing the game at hell difficulty and then giving handicaps to his opponents.

Morgan was careful of the women too, but the only danger here was Vritra.

BOOOM

Enduring the pain of a stab, Vritra hit the head of another man with the brunt of the spear, making it explode.

His body swayed, vision growing darker and redder, head spinning.

Shaking his head, he looked at them but suddenly he was seeing two images of each of them.

Vritra closed one of his eyes, it decreased the precision but it was better than completely missing.

FAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!

Suddenly, a loud voice made his head hurt even more, pain shooting through his heart.

Seeing his attack finally work, Butcher was overjoyed.

He jumped forward and stabbed the knife into Vritra's abdomen, but quickly ran back, in fear of getting impaled by the spear.

Vritra staggered back, this bastard sneaked like a rat just as Vritra had parried a hammer.

Nearly fifteen minutes had passed, and his condition was worsening too quickly.

The forceful merging was already taking a toll on him and unknowingly even the parasite was affecting him.

Yasmine and the others felt a stabbing pain seeing Vritra fight in such condition.

But he had told them to absolutely not interfere or all of them would die, but they would have a part to play soon.

The remaining five men didn't care about the wounds on their bodies, the only thing that affected them were the mental attacks.

And Vritra kept launching Spiritual Burst, using these moments to injure or kill them.

Barely dodging the blades, he struck the belly of a guy, the spear coming out from the back of his head.

He had not yet displayed his blood manipulation skill and hid it for the climax of this battle.

Now only Butcher and the four guys remained. Two were with strength skills and two were endurance type.

Killing them wouldn't be hard, but that bastard Butcher kept sneaking in attacks while Vritra was busy fighting against the others.

CLANG CLANG

He pushed back the hammer then with a burst of strength and speed, he shot forward.

Vritra's hand pierced through the chest of one of the strength type guys, pulling his heart out, blood dripping down the ground.

The sight scared Butcher, making him stop as he was about to stab his back again.

'What sort of monster is he? Why is he not yet dead? He possesses mental attack, such high defense, high strength, high speed, what exactly is his specialty?'

Butcher's body turned cold, he knew for sure he was no match for Vritra.

Thankfully, the previous time they didn't confront directly and he had run away quickly.

No wonder this guy survived after being thrown into the river, he was way too strong.

'But I doubt he is as strong as that bastard.' He glanced back at Morgan who had a hideous grin on his face.

That guy also seemed to be planning something.

Vritra breathed heavily, fog coming out of his mouth as he stopped any painful groan from escaping.

Even burning alive wouldn't feel this painful, despite the surroundings being so cold, he felt as if his blood itself had turned into lava.

Throwing the heart away, he looked at the remaining four enemies, whose bodies were full of wounds.

Over twenty five minutes had already passed and he wasn't sure how long he could hold on.

"E- Explode." Vritra muttered as he stumbled and fell onto his back, losing all the strength in his body.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...