Chapter 350: Vritra: God of Modesty

Soon the group arrived at the temple. All the people were busy arranging things.

They had been slaves for demons for a very short time, but there was a lot of chaos across the kingdom.

Chopper was busy giving orders while capturing many of the humans and directly killing the demons.

Vritra and the others had to wait for a couple of dozen minutes for Chopper to be free. They sat in the king’s discussion chamber and just chatted.

"Haa, sorry to make you all wait. Everything has been more hectic than I imagined. I will need several weeks to bring everything back to normal, but I will finally be able to remove this slave system," Chopper said as he wiped his forehead and jumped off Duffus’s shoulder.

The giant man was originally the protector of the king and was one of the strongest warriors under him.

"Duffus, get some rest as well. Your family must be missing you. I will call for you when I need your help with something," Chopper said as he sat on the chair.

"..." Duffus gratefully bowed and hurriedly left the room, worried about his family’s well-being, though he had already heard that they are fine.

"The nobles sure aren’t going to be happy about removing the slave system. I am sure it must be because of them that the Slave Beast Gang was able to grow to this extent, since they supported slavery and indirectly the gang itself."

Vritra said, picking up a glass of juice and a straw from the table, then taking a small sip.

"Yeah, they sure will be troublesome. But now if they still try anything, I will just attack them directly. After all, the Slave Beast Gang was connected with demons, and anyone supporting them would be considered so as well," Chopper said.

Looking around, he asked, "But where is your wife Yenni?"

"She has gone away because of some work," Vritra answered. In front of the king, he was in his original body, though he normally stayed as Ben.

"Ben, it is impossible to express with words how grateful I am to you. It is only because of you that I was able to get out of that wretched place and that this kingdom was able to survive.

Tell me, if there is anything I can do for you, then I will do my best," Chopper said, determination etched on his face.

"Oh, I didn’t really need anything. We are friends and I just did the obvious," Vritra said, surprising Diana and Yasmine.

The two women wondered when he became such a good person.

"Come on, I insist. I would feel bad if I can’t do anything for you, but if—" Chopper was speaking when Vritra interrupted him.

"Well, if you are forcing me so much, then can you arrange some Soul Potions for me?" he spoke modestly.

"How many?" Chopper asked.

"As many as you can. And while you are at it, can you give me three empty 2nd Legion stones?" Vritra asked, decreasing his modesty ever so slightly.

"Okay, that’s no problem. This is nothing in front of what you did for me and the kingdom. So—" Chopper was once again interrupted.

"Sigh, yeah, so this much isn’t enough to make you feel better? Then add three empty 3rd Legion ranked stones as well," Vritra added, still trying to be modest.

"Oh well, I can arrange that as well. If that’s all then—" Chopper was interrupted yet again.

"Haa, I understand. Being the king of such a big kingdom, these things must be nothing for you. Then why don’t you add three empty 4th ranked legion stones and three 5th ranked as well? Well, I won’t shy away since you insist so much.

I would be happier if you could add a few hundred high-level weapons, potions, and other stuff," Vritra spoke, throwing modesty in the gutter.

Chopper: "..."

"Uhm... I can arrange three empty 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Legion rank stones, though 4th ranked ones will be difficult.

But I can’t get the 5th Legion ranked ones. As for those potions and weapons, I will do my best," Chopper chuckled, shaking his head.

"Oh, don’t forget the money, we will be traveling outside the continent very soon after all," Diana reminded.

"King Chopper, that will be all for now," Vritra said, placing his arm over Chopper’s shoulder, a serious look on his face.

"Hahaha, okay, I will arrange them as soon as possible. But where is the God of Mercy I have been hearing so much about? He also seemed to have disappeared not long ago," the king asked.

There was a knock on the door and several of the ministers had come to speak to him, though Chopper told them to wait a little longer.

"Who knows, maybe he disappeared in the abandoned realm," Vritra shrugged his shoulder.

They chatted for a while longer, then Chopper had to leave to deal with several things, but he ordered the servants to prepare all the things Vritra had asked for and more.

While the materials were being prepared, the group of four returned to their room. Vritra lay back on the bed, feeling relaxed.

Though the peace this time was going to be very short-lived.

A problem thousands of times bigger than anything before was already present in the not-too-far-ahead future of the luckiest man alive.

Fiona sat on a chair.

In her fight earlier, she seemed to have grasped something about her Field which resonated with the memories of the first Phoenix Queen, so she closed her eyes and concentrated.

On Vritra’s right, Vanessa lay and observed every slightest movement on his face, watching his steady breathing.

’Sigh, why is my son so handsome? I am starving...’ Vanessa thought and leaned forward, pressing her soft moist lips against his, waking Vritra up.

The goddess on the left was surprised at this open display of affection but she was craving him so badly as well.

Feeling his mother’s warm lips, Vritra rolled slightly and was now on top of Vanessa. He cupped her face before taking her lips in his, nibbling and sucking on them.

"Mhmmm~" Vanessa wrapped her arms around his neck tightly, desperately in need of his kisses and a lot more. She reciprocated with the same hunger as the two began to suck and bite each other’s lips.

Diana wanted to join too but wasn’t sure how or if she should, but seeing the taboo display, the heat in her body rose.

Vanessa’s faint moans soon transformed into wet sounds, as her lips parted and their tongues met in a sensual and passionate kiss.

GULP

Diana could clearly see their tongues rolling and saliva becoming a hot mess.

Their lips rubbing against one another, while the tongues intertwined and moved from one mouth to another.

Vritra squeezed his mother’s breasts, even from above the clothes, they felt incredibly soft.

He continued to massage and knead her soft flesh, feeling his fingers sinking into the tender melons, and before long he could even feel something wet against his palms.

"Mmmm~" Vanessa let out a moan, a pleasurable current traversing from her breasts to her entire body.

Pulling her tongue into his mouth, Vritra sucked on the sweet tongue, nibbling on it and rubbing against his own tongue.

Their breathing quickened as Vritra pulled Vanessa’s clothes, exposing her fair buttery skin.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...