Chapter 169: V. Arclis

Vritra and the pope looked outside the door at the same time. There, sitting over a white horse and clad in silver armor, seemed to be a knight—but from the patterns over his armor, he didn’t seem to be a guard of the Blue Kingdom.

And just from the faint aura, Vritra had a feeling that he was much stronger than Faceless and Blunder, and might even be stronger than those three demon generals.

"Is there a problem here?" the knight asked in a heavy tone, scanning Vritra and the pope with an emotionless gaze.

"Oh, sir knight, there is absolutely no problem at all, we were just discussing something together," the pope said, his tone meek.

"... Yeah, there is no problem, I was just leaving, right?" Vritra looked at the pope and asked.

"Y- Yes, that’s right." The pope had no choice but to agree under the crushing pressure. He turned around and began walking back.

Vritra walked out of the temple, and when he glanced back, the knight had already disappeared. He too wasted no time as he entered one of the dark alleys and instantly disappeared. He had many questions for Yasmine.

Just as Vritra had expected, the pope had sent a few people behind Vritra to capture him and bring him back. After all, he had heard the word Grieves from their mouths—that alone could put all their lives in danger.

But those people couldn’t locate him anywhere, no matter how long they searched. Their search continued for hours but came out fruitless.

Vritra flew away from there. Feeling a bit intrigued, he asked, "Who was that person? And what are Grieves?"

"That was the protector of the emperor, Han Gratt. I am a little surprised he is here. Maybe the emperor or the empress has come here for the Scarlet Couple Inheritance. Well, that is of little importance to us.

Anyway, the Grieves are unknown creatures. They are very dangerous and can possess any person. Very little is known about them, but they are highly skilled with glyphs," Yasmine explained only a little about those creatures. She didn’t want him to get involved with those things.

Vritra too didn’t ask any further. He clearly sensed Bobby’s presence close to the temple—or maybe it was some sort of guiding hypnosis that directly pulled people inside and got them trapped—but Vritra did not want to get into another dangerous situation like before without increasing his strength.

"But how do I find them? This place is so big, if it’s not the temple they had entered then..." Vritra thought hard about it. Maybe they had gone to a crowded area, just as Vritra had wanted before.

After thinking of this, he landed on the ground and came out of the Fourth Dimension, since it was quite dangerous to fly around even in the disappearing state.

Vritra soon saw carriages on the road. He paid for one of them and began to head towards the competition venue. The coachman was quite talkative, but Vritra paid little attention to him as he carefully observed his surroundings for any possible signs of the Grieves.

The atmosphere inside the temple had really been quite eerie—almost like a horror movie.

After a little over an hour, Vritra arrived at the competition venue. But because of the crowd, they had to stop a little further away from there. Getting out of the carriage, Vritra looked around and saw thousands of young men. There were middle-aged men too, but with their children.

’I wonder what’s going on here. Anyway, even if they are here, how do I find Mom and the others?’ Vritra walked through the crowd and looked around aimlessly. Soon his gaze landed on two people who sat across a large table and seemed to be the announcers.

"Hello, I am searching for someone. Can you make an announcement?" Vritra asked.

"No, we are only here to announce the names of the participants who—" one of the two men instantly rejected, but Vritra slipped a bag of silver coins on the table, which the man stuffed in his pocket fast.

"COUGH. Sure, sure. Since you are asking so nicely, why won’t I do such a small thing? So, what do you want me to announce?" the same man said as he activated an ability of his.

After thinking for a moment, Vritra gave an answer.

"Alright, young man, I will make the best announcement of my life," he said with a wink before standing up and shouting. His voice reverberated over a large distance because of the skill.

"THE THREE LADIES FROM THE DUNSHIRE KINGDOM, V. ARCLIS IS LOOKING FOR YOU. WHEREVER YOU ARE, PLEASE MEET HIM AT THE EAST GATE. I REPEAT, MEET V. ARCLIS AT THE EAST GATE."

He repeated this a few times and then flashed a smile at Vritra before saying, "All done, tell me if you want to announce something else."

Vritra nodded and waited to the side. After a few minutes, he gave some more coins to keep announcing it after every ten minutes.

Around forty minutes had passed, but no one arrived. It seemed they weren’t here after all. Vritra sighed and decided to just check what was going on here now that he had already arrived at the competition venue.

"H- Honey?!!"

Just then, Vritra heard the sweet, familiar voice. He turned and saw his beautiful mother standing there with a smile but tears in her eyes.

Ignoring everything else, she jumped into his arms, embracing him tightly. Burying her face into his chest, she began to cry, clinging to him with all her strength.

Vritra wrapped his arms around her and began to gently caress her head, while speaking in a soft, soothing tone: "I am fine, Mom. Don’t worry. Everything is fine..."

Vanessa didn’t want to separate from him as she held him tightly. While continuing to embrace his mother, Vritra raised his gaze and saw Fiona and Diana standing there.

Fiona was smiling sweetly, extremely happy to reunite with him. She too wanted to hug him but waited to let Vanessa finish first. Diana smiled faintly and nodded at Vritra. Their relation wasn’t as deep just yet, but Diana no longer seemed to possess any ill intention toward him.

Vritra himself felt a lot better as he felt the warmth of his mother. Just a few days ago, he really felt that he might never meet her ever again. All the tension and headache disappeared in an instant. Getting to hold her again like this made him even happier than obtaining several hybrid skills.

"What happened before? S- Suddenly, I couldn’t feel your presence. Are you alright?" Vanessa took a step back and looked him up and down, tears streaking down her cheeks.

"Yes, Mom, I am perfectly fine. That was just an ability of mine. You don’t think I died and returned from the dead, right?" Vritra smiled and asked while wiping away her tears.

"You know how scared I was... Before, at the Sob Labyrinth, and now t- this. I can’t take such s- shocks. Please don’t ever do something like t- that. Sob I can’t live without you." Vanessa sobbed as she hugged him again.

"Yes, Mom. I will never make you experience it again. I am sorry. It’s alright now. I love you," Vritra said, closing his eyes and inhaling her sweet, calming scent.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...