Chapter 382: Demon Lord? God? What is he?

Vritra was about to climb, but then he remembered that Maeve was with him too, and in her current state she wouldn’t be able to handle the physical blows.

So, putting her down against the wall, Vritra spoke: "Wait here a little, I will be done soon."

"H- Huh? Okay..." she said in a pitiful tone, her white fluffy tail wiggling in a downcast manner.

Vritra ignored her, turning towards the stairs, and climbed onto the first one. As expected, from all directions, several attacks landed on his body.

He wasn’t even shaken by just this much; without a pause, he began to climb rapidly, letting all the attacks hit his body.

’Oh, he is moving so fast, almost like these attacks could do nothing to him.

Even I can’t pierce through his skin, just what kind of physique is it?’ Maeve wondered, her expression looking quite cunning, like an evil fox.

Within just a few minutes, Vritra had arrived at the top, and even attacks that could hurt Lord rank held no danger towards him.

Seeing this, Maeve gulped—the more she watched him, the more absurd and monstrous he seemed.

"Foxie, are you okay?" Vritra’s voice came from the top.

"Yes, master~" Maeve replied in a coquettish tone.

Vritra looked ahead.

Now there were no stairs but another door, even bigger than the previous one, and he had a feeling that this might just be the last challenge.

He had already been there for more than a month.

Although he couldn’t contact the outside now, since all his soul wraiths were perfectly fine, he wasn’t worried about any of his women.

"Now, let’s bring her here." Vritra focused on the countless spatial nodes. Although there were restrictions, with his current mastery he could at least move things around inside there.

"Foxie, I am going to teleport you up here," Vritra shouted from the top of the stairs.

"Have you tried something like this before?" Maeve asked. She felt safer around him, so she too didn’t want to stay on the cold floor for too long.

"Uh, no, let me try it first with the stone lying beside you," Vritra replied, and after a few seconds of deep focus, he used Null.

[Null Activated.]

Instantly, the fist-sized stone disappeared from there, and then appeared to Vritra’s left and right, torn into several pieces.

"Uh... M-Master, I think I can wait here for a while." Maeve’s face turned pale, imagining herself being torn into pieces.

Vritra chuckled. The next time, he directly teleported Maeve in front of him.

Without giving her any time he picked her up and turned around.

"Be careful, this challenge might be the toughest." After speaking, he walked up to the doors and kicked the heavy door, as it skidded across the floor and opened.

Instantly, more than a hundred ten-meter-tall strange figures were revealed. They were more like dolls but were covered with skin and flesh, looking quite grotesque.

Each and every single one of them emitted a dangerous feeling.

With all the restrictions, their strength could almost be compared to the weakest of the lords.

At least they were all stronger than the General rank.

"Oh—" Just as Vritra took a step inside, the eyes of all the human dolls rolled and turned bright red, the fingers and hands of some turned into blades as they began to create terrifying noises.

All hundred rushed towards the two. Maeve could have dealt with them at her peak, but now she could only cling to Vritra for protection.

’Forbid: Mana.’

[Forbidden Activated.]

Vritra hastily tried several things with the Forbidden skill, but none worked, and the strange dolls rushed towards him at full speed, ready to cut the two intruders into pieces.

Releasing his breath, Vritra’s eyes narrowed at the few dolls at the front, and with the pressure of his soul, they were blasted backwards. But this attack was just useless.

[Nether Eye Activated.]

Then Vritra used the corrosive ability of his third eye. Matched with super strong soul, even this attack had become extremely deadly.

An invisible wave of corrosive attack struck several dolls, and their bodies actually began to melt. Although this attack was effective, to defeat them Vritra would need to waste quite a lot of time.

’It seems I need to use my true demonic form to defeat them all.’ Blasting several of the charging dolls away, Vritra gently put Maeve on the floor.

Then he turned and an extremely powerful wave of energy was released, even taking the demoness by surprise.

[Switch Activated.]

[Switch: Demonification (50%)]

Two horns appeared on Vritra’s head, his face was covered by emptiness as purplish energy began to burst out of his body.

Some time ago, the entire energy of the demonic core was devoured into the Evil Veyll God Essence core, hence instead of blue the colour of the energy was purple.

This energy was extremely deadly—the strength of a demon lord’s energy was nowhere near it.

The Switch barrier naturally covered the purple core, just to be safe.

’W-What? He is a demon as well? But how come that energy seems countless times more potent than even mine? Was he just hiding his strength all this time? Why didn’t the empress kill him then?’ Maeve just stared in shock.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Confused +1}

...

Vritra ignored the messages, slightly stretching his body. He felt the energy moving across his body. Even his veins glowed with a purple colour; even just moving his hand in the air seemed to make the space shake.

Even at 50%, his body was perfectly holding on, though it was still a bit overwhelming; at least he won’t die while using so much energy.

CLANG CLANG

The dolls finally were upon him, attacking with perfect coordination, and rushing at him from all sides.

"Let’s see how much you can take." Raising one leg in the air, Vritra twisted his waist and kicked several dolls away.

Their skin was torn and flesh began to leak out as their bodies smashed against the others.

It seemed this much strength was perfectly fine.

The blades of one of the dolls struck his neck; Vritra made no effort in dodging. Instead, he held its arms and ripped them away.

BOOM!

Then smashed the head into minced meat with a powerful stomp.

Maeve just watched as the demon in front of her created a one-sided slaughter; he easily tore their heads to pieces with his hands.

Within just a few moments, he had created a bloodbath, massacring the poor human dolls. Anyone seeing this scene might even start to pity them.

With blood floating around Vritra, stopped by the dust particles, torn limbs and heads in his hands.

He truly looked like a crazed demon, leaving Maeve staring at him dazedly.

Soon, Vritra crushed the last human doll, then jerked off the blood from his hand.

"Wait here for a bit." Vritra looked at Maeve emotionlessly before turning towards the door that opened automatically upon the death of the last doll.

"O- Okay Master~"

Leaving the demon queen there with countless thoughts to ponder, Vritra entered through the door, stepping into a small room with just a table in the middle.

And on top of that table, a sphere could be seen buzzing with energy.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...