Chapter 231: Pleading

"W- Who are you?" The first demon asked, ready to attack him at any moment.

"So about what you were saying, where is your base?" Vritra asked, looking nonchalant.

"Let’s kill him." The second demon said aggressively, pouncing forward as his fist turned dark.

Vritra clicked his tongue. He pointed his hand towards the two demons as a flood of dust swallowed the two instantly.

The two of them screamed in pain, they couldn’t move and were shocked by the difference in power.

This person was a whole lot stronger than they had expected. In Legion rank, each level could make a big difference, while Vritra’s level was much higher than theirs.

The two stood absolutely no chance.

Within moments their bodies were twisted and torn. Before killing them, Vritra asked: "So, are you going to tell me the location of your base?"

"Ughhh... cough... N- No, we will never... ahhhhhh!"

"Aghhhhh... Y- You, who are y- you? Ughhh... Y- You won’t get... cough... anything out of u- us... aaaaaah!"

The two demons didn’t answer, so Vritra decided to just end their lives.

In the next moment, the dust twisted their bodies, and all signs of vitality soon disappeared.

[Nether Eye Activated.]

Then he destroyed their souls and consciousness, completely killing the two.

"Bobby, devour them," he said, and read the messages that appeared in front of him.

『

[You have killed level 1,488 Blue Demon.]

[You have killed level 1,490 Blue Demon.]

[+Exp]

[You have levelled up!!]

[All stats increase by 10.]

[You have obtained 10 allocation points.]

』

"Sigh, if Yennefer met me again, she will surely kill me." Vritra mumbled and sighed. He could only hope the two of them did not meet just yet.

"So the demons are planning to take down the White Kingdom. That kingdom alone represents this entire continent, so if they succeed then the whole continent will be under their control," Yasmine said.

"Well, whatever. We should leave this continent before that." Vritra mumbled as Bobby devoured the two’s souls. Its level had also increased after devouring many souls.

Then he continued with his hunting while also keeping an eye on Vanessa, Fiona, and Diana. The three were getting really better at fighting. Just as those two demons had said, since they were busy preparing for the war, the number of strong demons was relatively low even in the Small Forest.

...

"Hoo, let’s take a rest now, oof my arms are hurting so much." Fiona spoke as she put away the spear-like staff into the storage glyph and then sat down on a chair after killing a demon above level 600.

"Haa... Yeah, fighting is so tiring. The support... haa... haa... role suits me the best. I can’t fight in the front row like today... huff." Diana said, her bosom heaving up and down in exhaustion as beads of sweat rolled down her milky skin.

"The stamina of you two is too low. How are you going to survive in the future like that? My honey could continue fighting for hours and wouldn’t even break a sweat. You need to work harder." Vanessa said with a naughty touch in her tone.

"Doesn’t it feel a bit too hot suddenly? It has been happening too much recently. Yesterday when we went to the market and the day before yesterday in this forest, the surroundings felt so hot suddenly." Diana said as she took out the paper fan.

"Yeah, it is strange. Fiona, don’t you feel hot?" Vanessa asked, looking at the redhead that was in much better condition than the goddess.

"Hmm, maybe because of my bloodline, but this heat isn’t affecting me at all. But Diana, are you really a goddess? How come you are so weak? Are the requirements for becoming a goddess so low?" Fiona asked, looking at the goddess curiously.

"Hmph, I am not useless. My speciality isn’t fighting. And I was chosen by the god, so of course I am qualified to be a goddess." Diana said, pouting.

With the faint sound of wind, Vritra appeared beside them. When the two women looked to the side, he was sitting beside them on one of the chairs.

"Yeah, I really wonder what the requirements for selecting a goddess are that they selected you." He said with a smile, making the goddess pout again.

"Did you find any strong demons?" Vanessa asked, gently wiping away a drop of blood from his cheek.

"Yeah, I did find a few, and even got a little information out of them." Vritra answered before explaining the information he got from them.

They soon started eating, while talking about their future plans and the sudden changes that they had sensed. After lunch, Vritra decided to hunt for a little longer while Diana and the others continued with their training.

Ghost and Ghoul brought many barely alive demons for the three women, and just like that, another day of training passed. By the time the sun had started to set, they left the forest and arrived at the carriage where the coachman was waiting for them.

Then they made their way back into the castle. After getting out of the carriage, the four of them were a little surprised to see Henry waiting there for them with a solemn look on his face.

"Jin Woo, can I talk to you for a minute?" the king asked, his voice seemed to hide many emotions.

"Hmm, okay. You go back to your rooms first." Vritra nodded and said to the three women.

"Be careful." Vanessa, Diana, and Fiona all said before they walked away, wondering if the king was finally planning to exact his revenge. They were a little worried about him but knew that Ghoul, Ghost, and Vritra himself were much stronger than the king.

"So where do you want to talk?" Vritra said. He too wondered if he would have to kill the king with his own hand.

"Let’s go to my chamber, it isn’t too far." After speaking, he began walking while Vritra followed behind him.

The two walked in silence and all the guards bowed in front of the king as they passed by. Within minutes, they arrived in front of the majestic chamber of the king.

It was brightly lit, but there wasn’t even a single guard around it. The king opened the door and then walked inside. Vritra followed Henry inside and closed the door behind him. Then they stood facing one another with a couple of meters gap between them.

The atmosphere was tense. The king was emotionlessly staring at Vritra, his fists clenched as if he was going to do something big.

Meanwhile, Vritra was ready to receive any sort of attack. He was sure that with the use of Switch he could easily kill the king.

The silence continued for a minute before Vritra finally decided to speak.

"So what do you want to talk about?"

"..." The king still didn’t say anything.

THUD!!

But suddenly he moved. His body seemed to fall forward, and then with a loud thud, the king fell to his knees. He pressed his palms against the floor and hit his head hard enough to form cracks in the floor.

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +1}

"I don’t know how I have offended you in the past, but please... please forgive me, I beg of you. It is all my fault, so please... sob..."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...