Chapter 461: Cry Baby

[Atomic Activated.]

The moment the skill was activated, Vritra clearly sensed a force field appear around his body, the atoms moving at an incredibly high speed.

Moving at a constant distance from his skin, it was like he was wearing an invisible armor, protecting his entire body.

"Let’s see how deadly it is." Vritra could clearly control the force and shape of the force field.

Not to mention that it wasn’t even using any of his mana, so if he wished, Vritra could keep it active at all times.

First, he switched to low speed.

As the particles of air began to move slower, he increased the shape slightly, nearly 1 centimetre from his skin.

Then he extended his right hand towards the metallic table, gently placing his palm on top of it.

But even before his skin could come in contact with the surface, it was as if the table was being cut into tiny pieces, disintegrating into extremely small fragments.

It was like the metal had turned into butter and his palm into an extremely hot substance, making it melt even before coming into direct contact.

Vritra casually moved his fingers around as the table kept disintegrating right before coming into contact.

"That’s great, let’s test something else." Vritra changed the way the atoms were moving, keeping the speed the same.

Then he brought his palm close to the metallic table, touching it from the side.

BANG

Unlike before, the table wasn’t cut into tiny pieces but was distorted and thrown away as if pushed with very high force, landing several hundred metres away.

"I knew I could do this, this Atomic might be better than I expected. Well, a great addition to my arsenal of Hybrid skills." Vritra nodded in satisfaction.

Without deactivating the skill, he sat down on the chair, which wasn’t affected at all by his force field.

And to do that, he just needed to change the shape of his invisible armor, and now even the chair was being protected.

"That’s wonderful, hubby. This skill could have so many diverse uses in the future. But I wonder what its limits are."

Yasmine spoke as she gently sat back onto his lap, hugging him as the two got ready to open up the presents.

"I have a feeling I will be able to test that pretty soon." Sighing, he looked at the next message.

『

[200,000 Strength stat points.]

[Description]: You have obtained 200,000 strength points that have already been added to the stats.

』

"Oh well, that’s great. No wonder I noticed a big change in strength stat. Let’s continue." Vritra wasn’t disappointed by any of the prizes so far.

[You have acquired weapon, the Scar Knife.]

『

[The Scar Knife]

[Rank]: Lord

[Description]: The favorite creation in a big village of dwarves, lost upon the death of the village head. The knife continues to survive.

One of the sharpest creations that could overlook almost all sorts of defenses and deal damage to opponents.

Damage done by this weapon takes an extremely long time to heal, and in most cases, the wounds might never heal.

』

Vritra pulled a knife out of his inventory, as a steel-like, simple-looking knife appeared in his hand.

It was like its entire surface was coated with silver, but holding it in his hand, Vritra could feel the deadly pressure it exuded, appearing as if it could cut anything.

"Lord rank, nice. I was really lacking a good weapon, but should I merge it with my axes or keep it as it is...?" Vritra wondered.

"Let’s decide that upon checking the rest of the winnings. Maybe there are more and better weapons, and we can keep it for emergencies."

Yasmine suggested, so Vritra put the knife away for now, checking the next rewards.

It felt extremely great to get so many things.

[You have acquired the passive skill Lost!]

『

[Lost]

[Skill Description]: It becomes increasingly difficult for people to notice you.

The less movement you make or disturb your surroundings, the more you meld in with your environment. Normally, people wouldn’t pay attention to you if you don’t wish them to.

』

"Hmm, a hiding-type skill, passive one at that. It’s awesome. It’s even better since I can control whether I want people around me to notice me or not, just perfect."

Vritra smiled, feeling himself becoming one with the surroundings. As he stayed still, his breathing became slower.

"Hubby, once you activated the skill, I actually almost forgot about you. This one is powerful but, of course, might not work every time." Yasmine said, staring at his face.

"Well, this much is already great, not to mention it’s a passive skill." Vritra shrugged, reducing the effect before moving to the next.

[You have acquired 300,000 allocation points.]

"Good stuff, I am yet to add any of the allocation points. Let’s do it at the end." Vritra mumbled before continuing.

[You have acquired the active skill Cry Baby.]

Vritra: "..."

Yasmine: "..."

"Uhm, why are the names becoming weirder again?" Vritra paused for a moment, but remembering how great Suck! Suck! Suck! was, he decided to give it the benefit of doubt.

『

[Cry Baby]

[Skill Description]: An active skill that could only be activated if you start crying genuinely like a baby.

Each tear you shed increases your strength based on your emotions. So don’t hold back and go ahead, cry your heart out.

Prove to the world there are things more dangerous than a female’s crocodile tears — the genuine tears of the biggest cry baby.

』

"This piece of shit, what sort of garbage is this? I want a refund, you thug Divine, who do you take me for? I am not going to cry."

Vritra frowned and shouted while cursing towards the sky, and huffed upon pouring out all his frustrations.

This skill was just pure trash. Vritra decided to ignore it; there was no point in even remembering it.

"Maybe... this just has a weird name and activation condition. We can’t say it is trash without seeing its effects.

Hubby, go ahead and try crying, I am here to console you, you love role-playing, right?" Yasmine spoke, her lips curling up into a mischievous smile.

"Wifey, I will turn you into a cry baby the day we meet, don’t you worry." Vritra promised and ignored the newly acquired active trash skill.

[You have acquired the indestructible cloth.]

『

[Indestructible Cloth]

[Description]: A cloth that could take any shape you imagine and would never get dirty. No matter the condition, it could never be destroyed.

The creator and the previous owners died, but it continued to survive. The wearer of this cloth becomes increasingly charming, attracting attention from a big distance around it.

』

"Haa, this is good. I needed clothes that won’t tear the first moment I engage in battle. And it could work well while gathering sin points too." Vritra thought as he took out a soft piece of cloth from his inventory.

But it was quite the opposite of his Lost skill.

Vritra stood up and imagined the sort of clothes he wanted to wear, and instantly the white piece of cloth transformed.

He quickly changed into his new set of clothes, which were bluish in color. After wearing them, he turned to Yasmine to ask for her opinion.

But the dragoness stared at him with enchanted eyes as if she was falling in love with him all over again.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...