Chapter 152: Dead end

"And I would have loved to invite you to join the Bone Blood Cult, but what a pity—you caught my interest, and now I can’t help but want to break you," Blunder said, while the others waited.

The three demon generals were in no hurry to start the battle just yet. The more others fought, the better it would be for them. This way, they could even obtain more information.

"So you are the one who killed everyone at the Nine Pacts’ base? You are quite weak. Did you get someone else’s help?"

Faceless took a step forward in the air as he looked curiously at Vritra. He couldn’t sense anything special about him except his good looks and perfect build.

"Yes, I was indeed one of the participants who took part in killing several thousand cannon fodders of the Nine Pacts. As for the other one..." Vritra looked at Blunder, who was still smiling hideously, and pointed.

"I cooperated with him. He wanted to draw the stronger members of the Nine Pacts to this place for some reason. I remember him talking about his plan to kill some generals or something... and even something about a core."

As Vritra spoke, all eyes moved toward Blunder with doubt. Of course, they wouldn’t just believe a random person’s words, but now it made more sense. The Bone Blood Cult might have been behind this from the start.

The Nine Pacts, who were here to perform their experiments and search for a treasure, were suddenly slaughtered by a no name person. It was obvious that a stronger team would arrive to replace the dead and also to kill the person responsible for it all.

Wouldn’t this be the perfect way for the Bone Blood Cult to use them however they wished?

As for the three demon generals, their Demon Lord’s core was stolen. They were mad and only seeing red— just a bit of pointing, and they would slaughter their way through like bulls. And at the start, the Bone Blood Cult did make the Nine Pacts and demon generals enemies.

The Bone Blood Cult even planned to involve the Golden Moon, just as Vritra had said at the start, but they seemed to be running late— so they wouldn’t be part of this plan.

"Hahaha," Blunder hugged his belly and laughed out loud. It seemed his new target was quite clever too. He was so easily turning all the attention back at him and, while mixing the truth and lies, making them the cause of everything— even in the things they hadn’t done, like stealing the demon core.

"Good, good, you are much better than I thought. Ahhh~ This is going to be so much fun. More, more— show me more of what you are capable of," Blunder said out loud.

Though both he and Vritra knew no words could make him safe in such a situation. Not to mention just the Nine Pacts— he would die just from the aftershocks of the battle.

’Yasmine, what are the chances of us escaping from this place?’ Vritra asked while the others were busy with their own thoughts.

"I can’t teleport out of this tomb, and even your fourth dimension won’t work here. The space inside the dome is as if it has been completely separated from the outside world, so you would meet a wall even in your fourth dimension," Yasmine replied in a solemn tone.

’And what are the chances of my survival?’ he asked another question.

"..." Yasmine couldn’t answer that instantly. After all, it was just impossible to get out of there alive. But then she added, "If worst comes to worst, I will make a part of the dome explode with my soul power, and then we would have a chance at escaping."

’There’s no way we can go along with that option. That’s too dangerous and the chances of success are too low— not to mention I can’t put you in danger,’ Vritra said before asking, ’Can you tell me how strong they exactly are? What are their levels?’

"Yes, I can tell you, but with your current level you won’t be able to remember that info anyway. The Gods put various rules over the people— unless you’ve reached the Legion rank, you won’t be able to remember their level.

But I can tell you that every person here is above level two thousand, or at least that is how much strength they are going to use right now. Otherwise, they might get themselves into trouble.

Those three generals, those ten from the Bone Blood Cult, and those five from the Nine Pacts— all of them will be using combat power around level two thousand," Yasmine explained, and Vritra was definitely quite shocked upon hearing that.

But he quickly got over his surprise. After all, he never intended to win in the first place against all these monsters.

It was a good thing that the three demon generals were not yet aware that he was the thief they were looking for. Otherwise, all three organizations would attack just him.

"If you have anything more to say, you can go ahead. This might be the biggest achievement of your life," Blunder said.

He didn’t seem afraid or bothered by Vritra’s words. Except for the stealing of the core, everything else was true, after all. He did want everyone to gather here so he could kill them.

"..." Vritra stood silent, no emotion on his face as he stared back at all the figures in the sky. Previously, he felt a bit nervous, but now that he was face to face with death, he didn’t really feel anything.

He just had one simple plan— die at the start of the battle and act dead until it ends, and if even a little of his body is preserved, then he could be revived after the battle ends.

So, he just needs to stay dead during the entirety of the battle, he doubted those people would be interested in a corpse of a low level person.

Yasmine would never agree to such a plan— how could she just watch him die? But that was the best option for now, with its own possible risks.

"Well, we don’t have all the time in the world, so why don’t we get the party started with the holy sacrifice of the goddess, your mother, and your lover? I want to see how you will act when you’re desperate." Blunder said, as his face became extremely unsightly. He loved this part more than anything. This type of pain could make a person go crazy even more than any kind of physical pain. Most of his targets went crazy when they watched their family die at his hands— though there were also a few who easily gave them up to save their lives.

"..." Vritra glared at Blunder, dust swirling around his body as he activated one of his new skills.

[Activated Suck! Suck! Suck!]

Instead of going all out, he just breathed in energy through his nose, which would keep his energy reserves full even if he expended almost all of it in an instant.

Blunder made a grabbing motion in the air, as a bloody liquid appeared around the second carriage. It twisted and increased in size and soon became a large blood hand that grabbed the entire carriage with those thick, bloody fingers.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...