Chapter 478: Carnage

The whole battlefield was silent; their gaze fixed on the demon who appeared as if his soul itself had been destroyed.

Despite knowing that this might be the best chance to strike him, none of them could make a move.

The Oracle floated high in the sky, waiting for Vritra’s next action.

There was a reason behind him killing Vanessa just now and he waited to see how this development would go.

Yennefer, Maeve and Yasmine all felt grief, pain and anger, but none of it could be compared to what Vritra was experiencing.

’Was that all? Sigh it seems that truly was his limits, no point in keeping him alive then.’ Oracle thought, looking down at the still figure.

Red finally managed to break free from Pink’s grasp, flying away in disgust. He was mad about his plan failing when he was clearly so close to victory, he had been so careful to do it all.

’It’s over now, I have to get out of here before they target me.’ Knowing Vritra had no chance of surviving now, he made his decision.

Darius’ lips stretched in a big disgusting grin, every cell in his body satisfied to inflict this sort of pain on the person who stole his woman.

But this was not enough. He had to kill Vritra while there was still a chance.

Creating a sword out of nothing, he took a step forward, planning to behead Vritra right in front of Yennefer.

But suddenly, every particle of the dust began to tremble, buzzing violently.

The silence was broken as strange faint noises started ringing across the entire city.

At first they were hard to recognise, but soon the pitch rose to the level that the weaker men in the army began to bleed from their ears.

It was as if infinite beings were crying, as if every devil in the world was mourning, the tone rising to a deafening degree.

1000%

[Titan Fall Activated.]

Warm bloody tears flowed from Vritra’s eyes, each drop leaving behind deep marks over his skin.

[Current limit: None]

[Forcefully Raising Level.]

30,300

31,000

32,000

...

41,000

...

The world seemed to be consumed by a dark veil, everyone’s senses becoming dull.

From Sir Giant to the demons, everyone was alerted by the sudden changes, as a bad feeling crept deep into their hearts.

[Forcefully Activating the Divine Bloodline.]

Vritra’s entire body started trembling, as if his bones and flesh itself were twisting inside.

’What’s... going on?’ Darius, with the sword in hand, paused and looked around in bafflement.

Wondering if a god himself was appearing.

[Forcefully upgrading Dust Manipulation.]

[Dust Zombie has evolved into SS rank Dust Monarch.]

Titan Fall was a skill that would pull energy from fate itself, burning up Vritra’s soul, body, his future, past, every memory he is present in, and everything related to him.

Giving enough energy to destroy everything.

Not stopping until every life form on the planet had disappeared.

Making the planet itself fall.

His level was rising as black fog began to emit out of his body, darkness slowly covering his skin.

TIP

Everything once again fell silent as a blood tear fell to the ground, all the devils going silent abruptly.

The soul wraiths still trembled, unable to move even a little.

Sensing the changes, they knew that Vritra needed to be killed now or a disaster like never before would befall.

Every single one of them rushed towards him, the world feeling as if it was moving in slow motion and no sounds could be heard.

Oracle already knew that he had made a mistake, his body turned into a blinding light, rushing forward to kill before the chaos engulfed everything.

Yasmine tried to leave but found herself locked. Maeve and Yennefer flew towards Vritra, they would protect him even if it meant fighting every single lord there until their last breath.

But their bodies froze and two separate pages appeared under them, swallowing them both, before shooting off into the distance.

Within moments, the two pages had left the Quartz continent, yet the speed didn’t decrease.

[Cry Baby Activated.]

Oracle was the closest to Vritra, as dozens of lords all tried to kill him.

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

A blood curdling scream rang out, Vritra’s fingers digging into his own flesh as he tore apart the human skin.

A Demon was born...

All the lords were blasted several miles back, as a horrifying red figure rose, its body growing at an absurd rate.

100 meters...

200 meters...

...

Every person who saw the sinister figure felt a primal fear, not a single person was present who wasn’t shivering.

"That is..." Dago, even in his dragon form, would look tiny in front of that Behemoth.

The fiendish figure was a blur of red colour, two burning horns over its head and looking nothing like a human.

RAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGHHH!!!

A broken and twisted cry rang out that made the bodies of thousands of men explode in a bloody mess, the radius of the destruction far surpassing just the city.

"W- We have to stop that!!" Darius stumbled back, dread filling his heart.

That wasn’t something any of them could handle.

What had they awakened.

Maybe from the beginning, it was a mistake.

They never should’ve broken what could lead to carnage.

’Right the Oracle, he must have something planned for this, nothing ever escapes his expectations...’ Darius had little hope that Oracle might have a solution but upon looking to the side, he saw the Oracle trembling.

Red was smashed into the ground by just the after effect of the blast.

Looking up, he shivered, terrified that this was the entity he wanted to control.

That wasn’t a tool, that was destruction itself.

He just wanted to leave now, but it was impossible. Dust was spreading across all the cities nearby, swallowing up the entire continent, the extent of his power unbelievable.

"Damnit, my plan almost succeeded if only that fucker O- Oracle hadn’t interfered." Red now just wanted to survive. Since escaping now wasn’t an option then stopping Vritra was their only chance.

But looking at him, Red knew he would be killed the moment the battle started.

"VRITRA, YOUR MOTHER IS FINE!!!" Red screamed, hoping that he could come back to his senses.

There was no way for him to actually abduct Vanessa, he didn’t even know where she exactly was.

All along, that was the Bandaged Man’s clone, who took Vanessa’s form.

His biggest flaw of becoming the person he cloned itself became a great benefit this time.

With Pink’s help he was able to get the relative position of Vanessa and then he put a massive barrier around there that cut off any sort of connection.

Which was why Vritra couldn’t sense his connection with Vanessa or Diana suddenly.

He just planned to make Vritra create a pact while using that clone, but only Oracle recognised that it was a clone, not the actual Vanessa.

But to confirm some of his doubts he went as far as to play along and kill that clone.

The real Vanessa had never left the city of charms or the inheritance ground, but Vritra had completely lost his mind.

"Tch he isn’t listening!!"

The ground broke as countless dust giants rose, each more than a hundred meters tall and filled with extreme destructive energy.

Almost equivalent to a lord rank.

The battle had completely shifted, each lord would have to face several of those giants to even things out.

"ATTACK VRITRA!!" Oracle screamed, fully aware of his blunder.

Ignoring the giants that had started to destroy the cities, they all charged towards Vritra.

Using every trump card and pushing themselves to the limits.

Dago transformed into his dragon form again, becoming even bigger than before as he burned his essence blood.

Darius pulled out one of his most dangerous treasures, a short metallic sword.

He pushed it into his chest, coughing out blood. Then a terrifying energy seeped out of his body, taking the form of a gigantic sword above his head.

The two phoenix emperors also transformed, using every bit of their strength.

The demon lords used their most terrifying forms, all their treasures against that one figure who was becoming more twisted by the moment.

Sir Giant sighed before finally deciding to use his full strength. His body grew in size, his skin changing colour to grey as he rose to a height of several hundred meters but still fell short before the abomination.

The Grieves, Red, Nine Pacts, all of them didn’t dare hold back, as they all flew towards Vritra.

The world had become red in his eyes, every entity its enemy.

Thousands of dust tornadoes spread, the sky, water, space, everything was buzzing under the dust which seemed to be filled with blood.

Vritra’s strength kept rising, the two skills far too terrifying to exist.

Haaaahhhh!!

Darius shot the sword forward, he had put everything in this single attack, his body devoid of any energy.

He was confident to at least injure that monster, even a little.

The colossal figure’s gaze landed on the approaching blade, and then at Darius.

Letting out a spine chilling roar, its enormous hand moved at a speed far surpassing even Oracle’s.

CLAAANNNNGGGGGGGG!

The blade struck his finger, exploding violently but it couldn’t even last for a moment, getting tossed away instantly.

Vritra took a step forward, a purple lava spreading across the land, destroying everything hundreds, thousands of miles around him.

Stretching his arm, he caught the human emperor, the figure respected and feared by all, into his palm.

Squeezing tightly, the flames burned off skin and flesh, every bone in his body cracking with a sickening crack.

Darius screamed, but felt the purple magma filling his mouth, burning him from inside.

Everyone froze as Darius continued to scream for several seconds, going through an inhumane torment.

And soon, his voice became weaker and weaker.

Dust tore his body into tiny piece, and radioactive waves, slowly melting his organs.

His eyes, face all of it distorted under the deadly radiations and magma, he couldn’t do anything, not even move a bit.

Seeing how such a powerful lord was beaten by Vritra in a mere moment, all of them suddenly lost confidence.

Even together, there was no way of defeating that thing.

The faint, pain filled screams of the defeated emperor ringing like a warning.

Vritra’s figure, with two big terrifying horns, looked too nightmarish.

Not even sir giant could move as that hollow gaze passed over him, his giant body shaking involuntarily.

CRACK CRACK

ZSSSSSSSSSSS...

"AAHHHHH- UUUUUUUUUAAAAA" Darius voice was unrecognisable, as even his soul started burning.

Soul wraiths were too filled with a terrifying amount of energy, their bodies undergoing a strange evolution.

Hellmancer attacked Darius’s soul at the same time and before anyone could register...

Darius was killed.

Mind, body and soul, all destroyed.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...