Chapter 296: The Sin Rain

"What happened exactly? Is she really free now? Just by pointing a finger at her owners and saying those words?" one of the people in the crowd asked in bewilderment.

"Yes, she just did as he had asked and... everything just changed." The guard spoke, he still couldn’t get out of his shock.

"Tell us in detail, what exactly happened?" A few of the people shook the guard violently, bringing him back to his senses.

"Upon returning to that house, I just decided to watch how it goes.

When she entered and walked up to her owners, I was sure she was going to get beat up but... right after she said those words, everything seemed to change.

The owners instantly removed the slave collars and even gave more than half of their money to her family. So yes, this girl and her family are now free.

The owners still seemed to be repenting their actions." The guard spoke while pushing others away.

"J- Just like that? You aren’t lying to us, right?" someone spoke, but the collar and chains really had disappeared from around her body.

{Sin Point Gained: Doubted +2,967}

{Sin Point Gained: Revered +770}

{Sin Point Gained: Mocked +2,895}

...

The guard looked at Vritra and spoke in utter respect:

"G- God, this place can’t handle any more people, so how about you allow us to shift it all to a more spacious place?"

"...Alright." Vritra nodded. This was just the start, he was going to get a whole lot more Sin Points very soon.

***

Vritra, along with all the people, moved to a large arena where Vritra was at the centre while all the people were seated on the chairs and waited for their turn.

This new news of the God of Mercy helping a girl and her family spread quite fast. Within just an hour, the news of the interview and the God had spread quite far in the capital.

More and more people flooded into the arena, most to get free gold coins while a few to get help from Vritra.

In reality, Vritra had used Psyche to help that little girl.

The moment she pointed at them, Psyche turned into a fog-like form and flooded into their minds, turning them into good people who would never support slavery again.

By the time it was 11 in the morning, thousands of the seats of the arena were filled as the people waited for their turns.

Monk Shitless was hard at work, controlling everything along with the guards.

Of course, most of the people still wouldn’t believe Vritra easily but the start was pretty good.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +27,003}

{Sin Point Gained: Doubted +27,055}

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +10,823}

...

’Haa this is so nice, so many sin points.’ Vritra thought. He abruptly stood up, surprising all the people. They thought the recruitment was over and felt really bad, sending waves of sin points.

Then Vritra stretched his body and continued with the interviews, making everyone feel happy and sending even more sin points.

"Hey everyone, if you want to get interviewed before others then pray to the God of Mercy, and you will get those free coins faster!!

And you just might get some extra coins." Monk Shitless shouted, as even the people who still didn’t believe in Vritra started to pray.

The number of people in the arena was increasing rapidly, and now the guards were worried that even such a large arena might not be enough for this simple recruitment.

Soon enough, there isn’t such a large crowd even at the recruitment of big organisations.

It wasn’t long before the number finally crossed forty thousand. Buying sin points with gold wasn’t a bad deal at all.

Monk Shitless would give a few extra coins to people praying to the God of Mercy, motivating all else to do the same, as they sent thousands upon thousands of sin points.

Vritra was gloating at the endless rain. Just by 1 in the afternoon, the crowd was close to reaching fifty thousand, and the supply of sin points wouldn’t slow down for a moment.

One more slave approached Vritra after hearing about that little slave girl. He gathered all the courage and asked for the God’s help.

And Vritra told him to do the same thing. Just this time, he did not ask any guard to go along, though many people followed the slave on their own.

And the result was, after around twenty minutes, even more people started to have faith in him and the number of people continued to increase.

Though this news also reached the Slave Beast Gang, and they definitely were not happy about it.

One more slave was freed that day, and the God of Mercy started to gain popularity at an explosive rate.

It was close to 3 o’clock when a man cut the line and appeared in front of Vritra. The people were obviously not happy about it. Vritra looked up and spoke:

"Oh mugger, you want a job as well? Sure, since we have been friends for so long, I can do you such a small favour."

"What? Do you think I am poor? I am a thief, not a beggar!!" Onest said, showing a respectful look on his face.

"Hah, as if a thief is better than a beggar. Does this tingle your stealing urges?" Vritra said as he took out a golden coin.

No matter what he did or spoke, he kept getting lots of sin points. This was such a great feeling.

{Sin Point Gained: Amused +51,892}

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +53,048}\

{Sin Point Gained: Urged +53,002}

{Sin Point Gained: Cursed +1}

...

"Hmph, I can even steal your ability if I want to— I mean copy it for a few minutes. Now, should I steal your ability?" Onest said with his arms folded in front of his chest.

"Oh, is that so? Then give it a try." Vritra was intrigued. After a moment, he mumbled:

"Forbid: Sight."

[Forbidden activated.]

Onest lost his composure as all of a sudden his vision went dark, but he quickly calmed and spoke:

"This was the skill you used to slow me down and stop that puppet yesterday, right? I had already seen it three times, this is so easy."

He fell silent and activated an ability of his, targeting the Forbidden skill.

"..."

One second...

Two seconds...

...

One minute passed in utter silence yet no change appeared. Onest was sweating heavily by now.

"Heh, you can’t do it, can you?" Vritra asked.

"Just what kind of ability is that?" Onest asked in surprise.

"Pitiful one, who is this robber? I can see the clouds of misfortune forming above his head." Monk Shitless spoke.

"Who is this Baldy now? Haa, anyway, it is time for us to go to the Golden Moon. Remember we were selected as the new agents?" Onest said, ignoring the Baldy.

"Oh right, I almost forgot about that..." Vritra said. It was a pity that he would have to end the sin point farming event for now and become an official member of the Golden Moon.

But he had already gained quite a lot of sin points, and this was just the first day. Now Monk Shitless no longer had to spread the rumors since all the people gathered would do that job.

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded+64,832}

{Sin Point Gained: Revered +64,651}

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...