Chapter 421: The Game of Good and Evil

After a few more minutes, Vritra finally pulled back his mouth from the grasp of the thirsty fox.

She still didn’t seem content and looked at him with puppy eyes for more.

"Master, can we continue to practice a bit longer? Please? Rawr~" she added pitifully while acting cute.

"No, that will be all for now. There will be a lot of things happening tomorrow, so just rest for now."

Vritra said, secretly moving his hand as he gripped her soft tail and gave it a light squeeze.

"Ahhh~ M- Master..." Maeve shivered, her face turning red; her tail was really sensitive.

After playing around for a bit longer, the two laid down, embracing one another as they soon fell asleep.

***

’Ughh, how long have I OINK OINK been out for? Just what happened?’ Ziggy’s thoughts were a mess; as he woke up, his head hurt.

Then he remembered how he had fallen into a trap and how an agent from the Golden Moon blasted him away with a single tap.

’Fuck Oink, I have to contact Father. Oink, that demon and that Daddy V, they are all going to die!’

Filled with rage, Ziggy tried moving his body but failed.

Then he remembered that he was yet to save Maeve — the poor woman might still be waiting for him — and he wanted to marry her no matter what.

If not, he would end up becoming the biggest joke in his father’s realm.

He was already the thinnest among all his siblings, and now he would lose any bit of respect.

His father was certainly the fattest pig, and he dreamed of being just like his father one day.

As he came back to his senses, Ziggy felt that his body seemed to be tied with something.

’So I got captured by the Golden Moon? Well, as long as Father gets to know about it, I’m sure he will do something.’ Ziggy relaxed a bit.

If he had been captured by that demon, he would have been more afraid.

But then he heard distant noises, as if a lot of people were shouting and screaming at the same time.

"W- What’s going on OINK OINK?" Ziggy muttered, but then a big door opened with a loud bang and light hit his face.

In the next moment, his body was suddenly pulled out by something.

***

Waking up early, Vritra came to visit the biggest arena of Cloud City.

Thankfully, it was big enough to seat a large crowd, but it too was full of mist, and seeing anything seemed impossible.

This mist had become such a problem recently that people had started to leave the city and most businesses failed here.

"First, I need to take care of this mist." Vritra mumbled, and with Yasmine’s guidance, he began to create a barrier around the entire arena.

It used a lot of energy, but with Suck! Suck! Suck! it wasn’t a problem.

While Vritra was taking care of the mist, Onest and Shitless were arranging things for the planned events just as Vritra had instructed.

Meanwhile, Maeve was responsible for bringing more people, since lots of people just got lost while searching for this place.

Vritra was in his burly man’s disguise, half his face covered by a mask.

"Hoo, and it’s done." After the barrier was created, he pushed all the mist out, and finally, the arena cleared up.

Looking over at the seats, nearly seven hundred people had already arrived. It was not bad, but nowhere near enough.

But as minutes passed by, more and more people were coming.

Not only was this event announced by the emperor, but they had also heard some intriguing rumors about it.

By ten, around nine thousand people had already gathered. More were slowly coming, but for now this would do.

’It’s time to start the show. As the reputation and news of this spread, I’m sure more people will be coming.’ He thought.

Previously, in the White Kingdom, he had used money and religion as a way to earn Sin Points, and this time, he had similar plans.

Using the concepts of gods, religion, money, good, and evil — this was bound to attract more people when they just wanted to cling to some hope.

They were terrorized by all the things happening, and even their trust in the emperor had diminished, so Vritra would just become their pillar.

And slowly, he would pull out the evil side of them all.

"More people are coming; I have put a few people to work, so finding this place would no longer be a problem for anyone." Maeve flew closer and spoke.

Vritra patted her head, caressing her felt really nice.

"Good job, now you can enjoy the show in the crowd. I will call you if and when I need you." He said.

Right now, he needed to be the main focus, and Vritra didn’t want someone else to get the limelight, losing lots of Sin Points.

"Hehe okay, master~" Maeve enjoyed his caressing for a while and then flew away, disappearing into the crowd.

’Haa, now it is time to start.’

"Hubby, let’s do it — this is going to be so fun." Yasmine’s cheerful voice sounded.

Gazing around at the whole arena, Vritra slowly descended to the center.

"Well, hello participants, I welcome you all to this wonderful game of good and evil." He started his words with a powerful tone and paused for a moment.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +9382}

{Sin Point Gained: Confused +9024}

{Sin Point Gained: Surprised +8243}

...

Instantly, lots of sin points flooded in and Vritra just enjoyed the moment. It had been so long since he’d seen such large numbers, and it was only going to grow.

Hearing his words, all the people began to discuss in confusion. They hadn’t heard about any game or anything — weren’t they here just to watch some show?

A few even became paranoid.

"I am Daddy V, an agent from the Golden Moon. And yes, we will be playing a game — a game of good and evil, humanity and demons, a game that could make you rich and punish the wrongdoers." Vritra spoke, taking in the expressions of the crowd.

"Of course, it is up to you to not participate, but I can guarantee that you are going to love every second spent here." Vritra glanced back and nodded towards Onest, who was disguised as well.

"Now, let’s bring out our first test subject!"

DRRRRRRR...

With a loud dragging sound, a heavy stone door began to open, and in the next moment, the sound of a bull’s roar resounded.

"W- What’s going on? Did I hear that right? It sounded like a bull but... more dangerous."

"I don’t have any idea what’s happening here. Why did the emperor tell us to come here? Is this really alright?"

People became even more unsure — and then a bull charged out.

It looked several times stronger than an average bull, its height and muscles looking terrifying, even its eyes glowing with a bright red light.

"B- Bullo? Is that really Bullo? What happened to him?" Monk Shitless, who wore a wig as a form of disguise, was shocked to see his bull.

And then the sound of a pig being butchered came from behind as Bullo pulled along a heavy man, dragging him out through the door.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...