Chapter 686 The Treatment, Cleansing and Detaining [R-18]

"Oh!" Vritra looked at his wives in surprise.

He looked at the door but no one else entered, then he looked back at the three.

The three removed their robes and revealed their outfits.

Diana was wearing a nun's outfit, Maeve was wearing a nurse outfit, while Yennefer was wearing a policewoman outfit.

The clothes were sticking tightly to their ripe bodies, the sight was just too stimulating.

"What's going on?" he asked, as he forgot all about the list.

"Since there is still time before you leave…" Yennefer walked forward sexily, acting like a true policewoman, even holding cuffs.

"we have decided to take turns and…" Maeve appeared really sexy in her nurse outfit, a big part of her cleavage exposed.

"And to help purify you with the sacred nectar." Diana finished, she looked like such an immoral nun.

"Hehe husband, I am here to arrest you for committing various crimes." Yennefer said, putting one cuff around his wrist and one around her own.

Vritra couldn't help but chuckle. With a light pull, the rowdy policewoman fell over his lap.

"Ms police, you are so weak, how are you going to bring justice and drag me to prison?"

"Don't you worry, I am definitely going to arrest you and keep your member locked inside me." Her hand slid down as she rubbed over his hardening member.

"The arresting can wait, first let me check if my patient is alright or not. I need to conduct a thorough medical examination."

The fox demoness pressed her breasts against his back, her soft red lips pressed against his neck.

"Now now, don't be in such a hurry. Whether he is a criminal or injured, my sacred nectar is the only cure for that.

So, are you ready to have the nectar, sinner?"

Diana spoke in a sultry tone, then raised her clothes to reveal her beautiful pink dripping pussy, her nectar rolling over her smooth thighs.

Three cosplays at once, and all three of them acting so sexily, Vritra's penis was fully hard.

One of his hands kneaded Yennefer's breast over her uniform, the other moved forward to caress Diana's vagina.

"Hnngggg~" as his fingers touched her petals, a shiver ran through her body.

"Now, t- taste the nectar, let it heal you and clean haa haa all your c- crimes." She muttered, as his fingers got wet in her love juices.

Vritra brought the fingers to his face and put them in his mouth, tasting the sweet nectar.

He moved closer, but Diana gently pushed him back.

"Don't worry, I have a lot of sacred nectar. You can have as much as you want, as a nun it is my job to help others." She climbed onto the bed.

Then stood beside Vritra's head and sat softly over his face, her pussy landing over his mouth.

"Hmph don't think the nectar alone can remove all your crimes, let me check and see if you are hiding something illegal."

Yennefer spoke in a suspicious tone.

Then she pulled his clothes away, as his hard cock got free, hitting her cheek.

"Wha- You dare keep such a weapon and even use this to hit the police? I am gonna need to seize it, please cooperate."

She muttered, as she held it between her soft palms.

Her lips softly pressed against the tip, while she maintained a stern expression, like a real police officer seizing a weapon.

Despite Diana sitting over his face, Vritra could see her expression through his senses and felt even more excited.

"Hmm let me see how dangerous this weapon is, if it's too powerful I would need to detain you." Then her tongue came out, giving a gentle lick against the glans.

She sighed contentedly, it was her favourite taste, she could keep eating his cock forever.

But returning to her character, she became strict and took the entire head into her mouth.

SLURP SLURP

Her tongue rolled around the head, poking at the tiny hole and lapping at the precum.

The cuffs were already undone and lying beside them.

"Hey don't treat my patient so roughly, you can't do anything until I have made sure he is perfectly fine."

Maeve sat on Vritra's other side, she too pressed her palms against his cock.

She sighed feeling its hardness and warmth, the whole act making things even sexier.

"MMmpha~ Just don't get in the way of my testing." Pulling it out of her mouth, Yennefer muttered, then began to lick the head.

"Alright, just let me do my work." Maeve leaned in, licking the shaft and sucking on it.

She even bit over it lightly, feeling it twitch in her mouth.

Her lips and tongue moved up and down, even licking his balls, giving them a gentle suck.

As the perfect nurse, she needed to do her job well and examine every part of it.

So her mouth moved over the shaft and the balls.

She just loved her master too much, her heart full of joy as she licked the precum dripping down the shaft.

Both Yennefer and Maeve were busy eating up his cock, while Vritra squeezed Diana's soft butt, his tongue probing her pussy.

"Hnnngggggg~ D- Drink it all, let it hmmm~ clear your inner d- demon Mmmmm~ Yessss all the nectar is f- for you mmpphh~"

Diana moaned, feeling his tongue push against her folds, while sucking so hard, drinking all her love juices.

Her body kept shivering, he knew all her weak spots.

Suddenly, the length of Vritra's tongue increased, taking the nun by surprise.

"Aaaaannggggggggg~" a loud moan reverberated, even startling Yennefer and Maeve, as his tongue suddenly poked too deep inside her pussy.

"Mm"

GULP

Vritra loved the sweet and warm taste of her juices, sucking hard as it filled his mouth, making his taste buds melt.

His long tongue was being squeezed tightly by her insides, the fleshy folds clenching around it.

He rolled it around, pressing and rubbing against her deep parts, as she ground her pussy against his mouth.

The room was filled with her moans and the sounds of slurping and gulping, as all three women focused on their tasks.

The strict policewoman was very shocked by his weapon, it was more dangerous than she expected.

She tried her best to neutralize it by drinking every drop of the cum leaking, her lips wrapped around the glans.

She sucked hard, trying to draw out every bit of his weapon's fuel, though the task was not easy.

The nurse was busy making sure every part of his body was fine, her hands roaming over his chest.

She held the shaft between her lips, licking it up and down, before bringing her mouth to his balls.

Then licking the other side of the glans, competing with the policewoman.

"Hmph Don't intervene, I Mmmm~ SLURP trying to neutralize it Hmmmm~ GULP" Yennefer muttered between her moans.

"I am SLURP just t- treating my patient, o- oh no, he is hurt. Let me treat him!" seeing the precum leaking from the tip, Maeve quickly began to lick it.

Stealing the head from the policewoman, leaving her seething, while the good nun was busy using her sacred nectar to cleanse him.

She used her most powerful treasure on him, letting him drink all her nectar and consume her completely.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios