Chapter 577 Emotional Blackmail

Teresa worked on the several rings, with the creation cubes she could try all sorts of things and there were so many of them that she wouldn't run out of them any time soon.

Initially, she wanted to do it right there with Vritra around, she wanted him to see her working.

But for some reason, Yasmine wanted some alone time with him.

Teresa did ask the reason, and Yasmine just said they would be making a baby.

And just thinking about what her husband and sister might be doing, Teresa's head exploded and imaginary smoke came out of her head.

She knew very little of intimacy, at first she was a bit afraid, but after that kiss which felt incredibly good to the point she wanted more.

Teresa became curious about more, before leaving Yasmine teased her by saying:

"You can watch us if you want."

She could barely focus on her creation, as her mind kept drifting to thoughts of Vritra.

"Should I see it? Just a peek?" she wondered and could no longer hold her curiosity back, so she took out a mirror and decided to take a peek.

"Ahhhh~ Hnnnn~ Hubby, fill me up~" suddenly Yasmine's loud voice rang out, which startled Teresa as she accidentally dropped the mirror.

And finally, she saw the intimate position her husband and sister were locked in, their naked forms pressed so tightly together.

Her face turned bright red, all thoughts disappearing from her mind.

On the other side, Yasmine smiled as she sensed the prying gaze.

While Vritra was shocked at first, wondering how anyone could peek through all those barriers, he then relaxed upon sensing that it was Teresa.

But then he was surprised that it was actually Teresa.

He was sure his wifey must be behind it, but Teresa should get mentally prepared for it, so he too acted as if he hadn't noticed anything.

For a few moments, Teresa stared at the mirror, then she picked it up and threw it back into her inventory.

Her cheeks were burning, and the sight was burned deep into her mind.

But along with embarrassment, it brought curiosity, she wondered if her sister was really feeling that good.

Shaking her head, she got to work, though her mind was still filled with strange thoughts.

***

Vritra and Yasmine went at it for a few more rounds, but they couldn't keep Teresa waiting for too long, so the two ended the session a bit early this time.

They took a bath together and dressed up in a new set of clothes.

Yasmine was quite satisfied, having her belly filled in so long.

Although the weather put most people in danger, everything being covered by a white layer made it look like a beautiful scenery.

Soon, Teresa returned, although she had finished some time ago.

"You are back, we were just waiting for you, how about you join us?" Yasmine spoke in a teasing tone, her lips curling up.

"Huh? J- Join in what?" Teresa wore her veil this time, perfectly hiding her expressions, but she was clearly baffled.

"Of course, in having some food. You must be hungry and tired after working, we were working on something too." Yasmine said with a chuckle, she was really enjoying teasing her innocent sister.

"Did you succeed?" Vritra shook his head, then stepping forward he took Teresa's hand and asked.

"Yeah, I have created these rings for us all." Teresa said and added: "I also created these bracelets for your friends, it will be helpful for them."

"Oh right, I almost forgot, I wonder what Shitless and that thief are doing now, it's been six months since we last met them." Vritra instantly took out a communication glyph and contacted them.

Before long, Onest replied, Vritra asked them to come meet them in the Yate realm.

"Alright boss, I will be there!" Onest replied, and the communication got cut off.

'Boss? What was that?' Vritra's brows rose in surprise, just then he heard the sound of an alarm ringing.

"What's this now?"

"During emergency times in the top families, when they have sealed off their doors and refused to meet anyone, such alarms ring out when someone important has come and the monarch will have to make a choice whether to meet them or not." Teresa spoke, her voice as melodious as ever.

Vritra nodded and decided to go out and check, Shitless and Onest were coming anyway.

They decided to check out the rings later on and headed towards Gunter's room.

The monarch of the Yate family was already outside and discussing something with the guards.

"Oh Art, you should just stay in your room, it's too cold outside. And why are you still wearing such thin clothes, I will ask the servants to bring you some warm clothes later on."

Gunter spoke as he saw the three walking towards him.

He asked no questions about Yasmine, Vritra could, after all, make his own decisions.

"It's alright, I do have warm clothes. Anyway, who has come?" Vritra asked, he planned to go to the Golden Moon after this.

Gunter glanced at Teresa, then sighed and spoke: "It is some people from the Ford family, maybe they heard the news that Teresa is back."

Teresa held Vritra's hand tightly and firmly, there was no chance she would ever leave him.

"So what's the problem? Let's see what they have to say." Vritra said and dismissed the guards, they decided to go towards the entrance of the realm.

"You go ahead, we will be there in a minute." Vritra said, as Gunter nodded and left first.

Then Vritra turned to his wives and took a warm coat out from his inventory, he had a lot of clothes stored away.

Although the winter wasn't affecting them, it was still better to wear them, just for the sake of it.

He put the long thick coats around Teresa first and then Yasmine, finally wearing one himself, the three headed towards the entrance.

Gunter was talking to three people currently, there was Sir Giant, Shen, and Sakshi.

As soon as they landed at the entrance, the three guests' gazes drifted to them.

"Teresa, where have you been all this time? This is why I insisted for you to stay in your room, the outside world is far too dangerous for you." Sir Giant spoke, but he sounded rather meek.

He was still afraid of Vritra.

"Sister, we were all so worried, are you alright? Tell me if he is forcing you to stay away from us, we are your real family, please come with us." Shen spoke, while hiding behind his father.

Then he hit his wife's shoulder, gesturing her to act her part.

"My dear sister in law, sob, the days haven't been the same without you, only I know how I survived all this time. Sob, you have to come back to your family…"

Sakshi shed crocodile tears, but the tears froze even before they could fall off her cheeks, making her shiver and grimace.

Vritra rolled his eyes and questioned: "Are you just here for that or do you have any other motive? And if you try to emotionally blackmail my wife again, you three won't be leaving this place alive."

"Yes, don't you dare try to blackmail her!!" Gunter said, ready to join the fight.

Just then…

"PITIFULLL ONEEEEEEEEEEE!! I AM BACCCKKKKKK~"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...