Chapter 432: Lesson 2

"So you removed that pact, huh? Why now of all times?" Vritra questioned as he called Maeve out of the dimensional book, landing in an empty area.

"..." Maeve first gazed at the realm around her.

The sky was still filled with those images, and Raelion was running across the sky like a madman.

Then she looked back at Vritra, and only now she thought that what she had done could easily be misinterpreted, showing that either she had set up a trap for him or wanted to be safe in case he died.

"I- I... uh..." As she thought of explaining it, the fox demon felt that it all sounded like cover-up excuses.

At that time, she had been too worried about Vritra, so she didn’t think about it.

She forgot to remain cautious since Vritra’s mood had just started to get better; he had just started to heal.

"..." Vritra looked at her troubled expression. Gently placing his palm over her cheek, he questioned, "Were you thinking of doing something dangerous?"

"Haa..." Sighing in relief, Maeve just let herself sink into his embrace.

The demoness was about to cry as her last defense.

’Finally! He trusts me, my evil plan worked. Hehehe.’

Maeve was really happy. Now she could completely and evilly fit herself into his life and be a lovely wife to her beloved master.

After staying in his arms for a minute, she glanced up at the repeating video and mumbled, "T- The queen is dead? R- Raelion had that sort of relationship with her?"

"Yup, she is indeed dead," Vritra nodded. Then he took out Maeve’s life flame bead and passed it to her.

"Thank you, master~" Maeve smiled. With a light squeeze, the bead disappeared. Then she questioned, "What are your plans with him?"

"There is still some time, let’s just let him play alone for now," Vritra spoke.

"Hmm, then how about I show you around this realm? There isn’t much here, but there is something I would like to see," Maeve said, taking a step back.

"Sure, let’s go." With Maeve being his guide, she led him away.

First, she brought him to her house, or the makeshift place she used to live in.

"This is the place I used to call home, this haunted house. Sigh, master, there is a funny incident that happened when we had just shifted here."

Maeve continued to tell various incidents associated with various things.

"My mother died at the hands of one of the phoenix emperors, and that bastard killed her when she was at her weakest. Sigh, only if I was stronger then."

Foxie felt like crying as she remembered her mother. She looked at her grave while in Vritra’s arms.

"Don’t blame yourself. You weren’t able to save her, but together we can avenge her if you want. The phoenix emperors are going against me anyway," Vritra said, trying to comfort her.

"Mhmm, please wait here for a moment."

After saying this, Maeve stepped forward and knelt in front of her mother’s grave, speaking something to her and praying.

Looking at Maeve now, she seemed so weak. A strong feeling of protectiveness rose in Vritra’s heart; he wanted to protect the cute fox from everyone and everything.

Although she might act tough, she was all alone in this world, with no one to completely trust.

’I should bring her back so she can meet others too, but when is mom going to come out?’ Vritra sighed.

He knew it was a very big and important inheritance, but she had been inside for so long already.

He was happy just knowing that she was fine.

"Master, let’s go. Let’s meet some demon folks I used to know," Maeve said, wiping away her tears as she took his hand.

He looked at the sky, and with a thought, added something new.

Now Raelion, who was crazily following and attacking Vritra, was surrounded by demons.

And all the demons were looking at him with judgmental gazes.

He had murdered the queen after having sex and absorbing her life force; the illusion began to blame him, pushing the demon lord even further into madness.

Vritra used Null to slow down Raelion since they couldn’t go out yet.

Then Maeve brought Vritra to meet several demons; the three demon generals were a part of it too.

The three still believed that Vritra, actually being Voromir Zuke, was in a relation with his daughter, and their reactions were too funny, so they didn’t correct them.

"Master, are we going back or staying here for a little longer?" Maeve asked after their tour had ended.

"Hmm, let’s stay a little longer; we can rest for a while," Vritra said. They headed towards her house and decided to rest there.

Maeve sat on the bed, and Vritra sat on a chair as he started to gulp one soul potion after another.

He was yet to consume even the ones he had taken from the temple.

His stack of potions had increased by a lot; this would greatly help in the recovery of Yasmine and Nihil Anima.

He spent nearly thirty minutes just drinking all the potions.

The energy was divided into three parts, and this time Vritra took an even smaller part since his soul already equaled a lord’s; it wouldn’t be of much use to him anyway.

But for Yasmine and Nihil Anima, it was greatly effective.

Nihil Anima recovered by nearly thirty percent, and Yasmine’s strength recovered to around the peak of the 7th Legion rank. One more robbery, and she just might surpass the general rank.

"Hoo, finally done. Foxie, how long do you think it would take for dawn to arise back in the continent?"

Vritra questioned as he stood up and stretched before sitting beside her.

"Hmm, there should still be around seven hours. We are waiting till the game starts?" Maeve understood — he planned to use Raelion to grab even more attention.

"Yes, how smart, Foxie." Vritra chuckled, patting her head. Maeve just loved getting caressed as she sighed contentedly.

Vritra lay back on the bed, thinking of a plan to break into the dragon kingdom after collecting sin points.

If Yasmine could return to her full strength, then their chances of victory against so many powerful foes would undoubtedly increase.

Not to mention, he really wanted to properly meet his first wife; he too longed for her.

Maeve settled into his arms.

After a moment, she thought of something and questioned, "Master, since I have gotten quite good at kissing, why don’t you teach me something new today?"

"Hmm, something new..." Vritra pondered. Giving her training like this was quite exciting.

After a moment, he spoke, "Fine, let me teach you the proper way to mark your territory."

"Hmm? Mark my territory? That sounds great, master. Can you show it to me?"

Maeve asked while blinking her eyes quickly, giving him a seductive look.

"Yes, as your teacher, it is my duty to teach you," Vritra nodded, great wisdom visible in his eyes.

He rolled over, his body pressing on top of Maeve’s.

He held her hand, their fingers interlocking, as their gazes locked and the atmosphere in the room changed completely.

Maeve felt her body burn with Vritra lying on top of her. Despite the clothes between them, she could still feel his warmth.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...