Chapter 361: Invincible?

{Elegy Parasite Activated.}

Instantly, a larva-shaped large tattoo appeared on Vritra’s back, and tiny thread-like lines stretched all over his body.

His body went on autopilot as he drove automatically. This skill had become quite nice after the upgrade.

’Now, let’s work on my Fields.’

{Palette Droplet: 44}

After making up his mind, Vritra decided to invest twenty-four droplets into Dust Manipulation.

One by one, he began to use the droplets, relaxing his mind completely.

{Used 1 Palette Droplet!}

{Increasing Dust Manipulation comprehension!}

{Dust Manipulation: 4%}

Instantly, just as Yasmine had told him, a large amount of information flooded into his brain.

It was as if he was understanding this ability better, his bond with the dust becoming stronger.

Invisible to the eyes, dust particles began to swirl around his body, though it was too faint to be noticed.

Comprehending wasn’t just obtaining more knowledge; he was connecting with the ability slightly better now.

Just increasing that percentage would increase the strength of the ability and give many more benefits.

Nearly five minutes had passed when Vritra returned to his senses.

Though faint, he could sense a slight change in the environment around him.

’This is... nice.’ The comprehension was still too low to notice any big changes, so Vritra began to spend one droplet after another.

{Used 1 Palette Droplet!}

{Used 1 Palette Droplet!}

{Used 1 Palette Droplet!}

...

{Increasing Dust Manipulation comprehension!}

{Increasing Dust Manipulation comprehension!}

{Increasing Dust Manipulation comprehension!}

...

{Dust Manipulation: 5%}

{Dust Manipulation: 6%}

{Dust Manipulation: 7%}

...

{Dust Manipulation: 10%}

The higher the comprehension went, the more obvious the changes became.

Though it might not be as obvious to other people, as they need a lot of time to raise their understanding of their field, Vritra was different.

’I can already feel that Dust Manipulation has grown tremendously. I would need to spend a quarter of the energy to launch an attack twice as powerful as before.’

Vritra was quite excited, but before he could use the next droplet, he sensed a figure rushing in their direction rapidly.

He deactivated the Elegy Parasite, and his consciousness returned to his body.

’If I am not wrong, it must be that General Sirius who is following us. Just the perfect moment to test a few things.’

Even though he was facing a general who was a lot stronger than him, he wasn’t really afraid.

Vritra looked back and saw that Fiona had fallen asleep with her head resting over Vanessa’s shoulder.

Diana had her eyes closed, and her body was glowing with a faint light.

She was also comprehending her Field, and her speed was quite fast. She also had many cheats because of being a goddess.

His mother seemed deep in thought.

Without disturbing them, he sent the entire car into his dimensional book and flew up into the air.

"Wifey, what is the strength of this general? Is he stronger than the three demon generals?" Vritra questioned, as he waited for the human general.

"Hmm, I would say they are quite similar in strength, but Thaddeus has a higher chance of defeating him. As for Silquor and Morvik, it’s fifty-fifty," Yasmine answered.

Vritra wondered why she wouldn’t just mention their levels.

But he decided to ask this later.

"Then everything should be fine. It is better to have backups." Vritra was still in Rich’s appearance; after all, it was quite useful to fool anyone.

After a short wait, the enraged figure of a middle-aged man finally came into view. He was dressed in a blue outfit, carrying himself with an air of pride.

Stopping in front of Vritra, he instantly recognized Rich as one of the people he had seen in that recording, one of those heinous criminals.

"You!! You are not Rich, right? Are you a demon or working for those evil organizations? Tell me, where are the other people that were with you?" Sirius asked.

By just the fact that he hadn’t immediately attacked him, Vritra had understood quite a bit about his personality, so he relaxed further.

"What do you mean? Of course, I am Rich," Vritra said, folding his arms in front of his chest.

"I am giving you one last chance. Tell me who you are and where the others are, and I won’t hurt you," Sirius said, as dense energy began to gather in his body.

"Heh, you are not going to get anything out of me. Try whatever you want," Vritra provoked.

"..." Sirius became even more enraged. He was sure that Vritra was just buying time for the others to escape.

Angered at so much of his money getting wasted and those people almost dying, he finally attacked.

Of course, Sirius didn’t use his full strength, but even so, Vritra wasn’t able to follow his movement.

The general’s body just disappeared as he flashed in front of Vritra and punched with enough strength to bring Vritra’s health down to twenty percent.

Vritra barely had time to place his arms in front of his chest as the heavy, terrifying punch landed on his body.

BOOOOM

His body was blasted back with a sonic boom, smashing into the ground and creating a crater, breaking all the surrounding trees.

Dust flew all around as Vritra’s figure disappeared into the deep pit.

"Haa, I let out too much power because of my strength. I hope he isn’t dead," Sirius muttered, and with a wave of his hand, the dust settled.

Vritra lay in the pit, staring at the sky in disbelief. A punch of that level could have easily made him unconscious for a while and badly injured him, but now...

’There is no pain, not even a mark aside from my clothes getting damaged,’ he thought in shock and joy. For the first time, his luck had truly worked for the better.

’Then, haven’t I become almost invincible? How difficult would it actually be for even demon lords to kill me?’ Vritra flew out of the pit. Aside from his disheveled state, he seemed completely fine.

"Whoa, hubby, that’s awesome," Yasmine said excitedly.

Not a drop of blood, no bone broken, not even a tiny wound.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

Sirius stared at Vritra in disbelief. He couldn’t believe such a powerful attack wouldn’t do anything to him when there is clearly a big difference in their strength.

"H-How...?" Sirius muttered.

"General Sirius, it is really me, Rich. I did hear someone was trying to impersonate me, and that’s exactly why I came here. See this if you don’t believe me."

After speaking, he pulled out the emblem he got from Rich.

"How do you think I could survive such a powerful attack if not for the strong armor from my family?" he added.

Sirius finally let his guard down. No wonder he was able to survive such an attack, and the emblem was certainly genuine.

"Oh, forgive me, I mistook you for those imbeciles. This is the first time we are meeting; let me introduce myself properly."

Vritra flew closer to him while dusting off his clothes.

The two shook hands. Sirius looked at Vritra with a friendly smile and began to introduce himself.

"I am the general, Sirius Gem. As an apology, why don’t you—"

But at that moment, Vritra’s smile twisted, and after pulling his leg back, he swung it with full force, hitting the general’s weakest area.

BAANNNNGGGGGGG

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...