Chapter 690 Compensation

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +211}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +263}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +234}

…

Messages upon messages popped before Vritra as he, Shitless and Onest conducted experiments on the self proclaimed saviours of humanity.

According to them, they were killing humans to save humans, these stupid bastards just enjoyed torturing others and breaking people.

This was almost like those experiments of chimeras that the Nine Pacts were conducting.

While collecting sin points, Vritra walked lab to lab and killed off all the doctors.

Some victims were saved while some were in no condition to be saved, so Vritra gave them an easy death.

The commotion soon reached the Doctor, the leader of this organization.

He had just recently tortured his brother in law according to his wishes and had hanged him outside.

"Who is causing trouble here?" with a frown he asked, it had taken him great effort to build this whole thing.

He wouldn't let anyone ruin it, they were getting closer to creating artificial mutants, and then he would have an army of his own.

Where he would replace all the weak humans with scientifically produced powerful mutants.

"Doctor, they are outside. That bunch has already killed half of our- urkkk" the eyes of the man reporting suddenly widened.

A long spear pierced through the back of his head, coming out of his mouth, as extreme pain shot through him.

Then the spear was pulled upwards, cutting his head in two.

"There is a correction, I have killed all the other psychos working under you." Vritra smiled, looking at the shocked expression of the doctor.

This guy wasn't weak and from what he had heard his powers were truly strange, giving him abilities related to the tools of doctors.

Even from a distance he could kill his opponents before they even knew it, he could also create powerful poisons and inject them into others' bodies from afar.

Vritra knew it might be bad if he let him use his ability.

"You bastard you are dead!" the doctor's eyes focused on Vritra, he didn't even need to move his finger.

But just then his body froze as a room appeared around him, Vritra moved forward leisurely.

"Heh you think you can kill me?" while speaking he stabbed the spear two times quickly and popped both his eyes.

As the room disappeared, the doctor screamed in terror.

He at least needed his eyes to use his ability, now he could do nothing, he was powerless with only slightly high physical prowess.

"Now, as the star of this giant laboratory, you need special treatment." Vritra mumbled.

He made Diana create two types of fluids, one was the best healing fluid while the other was poisonous and acidic.

Then hanging the screaming doctor upside down, Shitless held a rope.

When he pulled, the doctor was dipped into the poison, his flesh, skin and everything started to melt.

But before he could die, Onest would pull and dip him into the healing potion.

They continued to torture him like that for dozens of minutes, completely breaking the doctor.

Then pulling him out, they stabbed hundreds of thousands of needles into his body, sparing not a single part of him.

Then they made him drink and eat everything disgusting they could find, from mutant flesh, poop, vomit, phlegm, urine and whatnot.

Onest and Shitless tortured the doctor to their hearts' content, then cut his limbs into thousands of pieces.

After that his body was hanged alongside his dead brother in law in the sewage.

"Looks like we are done here." Vritra along with his wives walked out, just then another scream of the doctor rang out as small mutant fishes began to tear him apart and eat him.

A perfect death for such a pig.

"Next is the Director, I heard he used to be a real director and created one flop after another. He had gotten to the lowest of society and as the apocalypse came, he went mad. He loves to have slaves." Maeve spoke.

"Well I have been there before, that place isn't far, we can reach it in 20 or so minutes." Vritra said as he created a cart, which then moved quickly forward.

He didn't plan to enter any of the forbidden areas yet, once he was out of the Beast Cave, then his strength would be high enough to sweep through this place easily.

The cart was flying a little higher than the ground but suddenly the rubble under it started to shake.

Vritra frowned as he brought the cart even higher as suddenly a big mouth opened in the ground, trying to devour them whole.

"Its that big mouth again, this bastard really won't let us go!" Onest shouted.

Now, Vritra wasn't really worried, he glanced at its stats all of which were lower than his own.

"Let me go take care of this." He said and jumped down.

This thing was way weaker than that tiger.

Vritra pulled out the spear and stabbed it near the edge of its mouth, as it tried to bite Vritra down with its countless teeth.

But using a blood wall he stretched the mouth even wider, then dragged the spear's blade down, cutting it apart.

RUUUOOOOOOOOO

A pain filled loud roar reverberated all around, it was loud enough to alert even the mutants and humans several kilometres away.

Vritra continued to cut it apart while using blood blades to stab all over, its mouth was stretched to the point it began to tear apart.

This mutant's resilience was rather high, despite being powerless against Vritra, it took some time to finally kill it.

Ignoring the messages, Vritra jumped onto the cart.

"Let's continue, these screams might make the director raise their guard." But with his current strength it didn't really make any difference.

"Husband, have a drink." Teresa smiled as she passed Vritra a cold drink.

Vritra nodded and as per their agreement, he leaned in and pressed his lips against her moist soft black lips.

Instead of thanks, they exchanged kisses.

"Darling, have this snack too." Fiona quickly took out a packet of chilli snacks, just the ones Vritra liked.

"Oh thank you Fiona." Vritra smiled as he took the packet.

"Huh? What about my kiss? I want to exchange thank you and sorrys too!" Fiona said.

Of course Vritra knew why she gave him snacks suddenly, the cute redhead was feeling competitive.

And this brought her cute side out, he really loved her current expressions, even though she seemed upset.

"Ah I see, then do I have to make up for all the past sorry and thank yous?" he asked, leaning towards her.

"Darling, stop teasi- mmm~" suddenly he captured her soft lips, giving her a tender kiss.

For their privacy, he had created a sort of wall around the eight of them while Shitless and Onest sat at the back.

"Aww hubby, are we getting compensations? Then I would like to get my compensations for all my thank yous, I have helped you plenty of times." Yasmine said coyly, pressing her body against his.

"Compensation? I am yours, you can claim as many kisses as you want, do you even need to ask?" Vritra said, wrapping his arms around her soft waist.

Giving a soft kiss on her red lips, he spoke: "And didn't I compensate you enough? Or you want more of my kids?"

"Hehe we can think about that later, we have to first do our best for our baby." She mumbled.

Vritra gently caressed her belly, he couldn't wait for their child to be born, that's all the more reason to do his best and leave this place.

He hugged her before kissing her forehead with love.

"Sigh… wifey, there is something I am yet to tell you." Vritra spoke while hugging her.

"What is it?" she asked, her eyes closed, she loved being in his strong arms.

His warmth and scent, she wanted it to surround her whole body.

"Actually, when I was fighting that administrator and protector, I was kind of kidnapped…" Vritra explained everything, shocking all his wives.

"What?! Who is it that dares to take my position as the first wife?!" Yasmine felt quite mad.

"Honey, she didn't hurt you right?" Vanessa asked worriedly.

"No mom, I am fine, it didn't seem like she was an enemy. And I feel divine already knew about her, she is really powerful though." He added.

"That bastard, playing all secret, just wait till I find out. You are getting beat up so bad." Yasmine muttered.

"Can you defeat her?" Fiona asked, frowning.

"No I can't, sigh she might be even stronger than the gods or so I feel." He said.

The group fell silent, at least that woman wasn't trying to hurt him, or they would be in real trouble.

"Evelyn… who even is she?" Yennefer mumbled, but somehow she felt she knew something about her.

After all, she had entered one tenth part of the love pill, they didn't directly meet but had sensed each other.

"Whatever it might be, I doubt she will appear anytime soon, let's clear up the directors then we will head to the Beast Cave." Vritra spoke.

Glancing at the distant tower, he felt the looming danger, he would need as much strength as possible.

Kill all the players and win this game, then he could finally return to the Zoratian planet and spend some time in peace.

Though Vritra doubted there was any peace in fate.

'Right I still need to find that pig too, that bastard has been causing too much trouble.' He thought about that certain player.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios