Chapter 606 I LOVE YOU~

Vritra was just walking towards the window when he noticed Teresa fainting.

"TESS!!" Before her body could fall, he softly caught her in his arms, feeling anxious as he called out her name again and again.

Carrying her to the bed, he laid her down gently and touched her forehead.

"She has a fever?" Vritra was surprised to find the burning hot temperature of her body.

Teresa is at the lord rank, so how could she be ill with such a mundane illness?

Her breathing was fast and as he looked closer, tiny freckle-like patterns could be seen over her cheeks and arms.

"What is this?" he frowned, worry filling his heart, he couldn't care less about saving others when his wife is in danger.

Yasmine, Fiona, Diana, and Vanessa rushed closer and observed the symptoms.

"She certainly seems to be ill, could it be related to those spores?" Yasmine asked, being aware that this was her sister, their bond had deepened even faster.

"Spores? But among all the lords we have seen, not one was affected in the least bit." Fiona said in a concerned tone.

"Not to mention, she has always been protected by so many barriers created by honey, I don't think even a single spore had touched her." Vanessa mumbled.

Vritra massaged her palm, he sat beside her, checking for any other symptoms.

"But did you forget her famous name?" Diana said as everyone thought and remembered.

The Fate Stealer, the most unfortunate and kindest witch.

"You think it is related to her misfortune in her fate?" Vritra asked, his brows furrowed.

"Yeah, from what I have heard, she easily attracts trouble. So I too believe her condition might be related to the sudden changes." Yasmine said, then she suggested:

"Should we try making her drink healing potions?"

"I don't think they would be of any help for now." Diana said, as her knowledge in potions had increased, she obviously knew a lot about various diseases and bodily functions.

"If my observations are right then she should wake up after a few hours, but if this is not cured then her sleeping period will keep increasing and her body will continue to grow weaker." She added, though she couldn't be a hundred percent sure.

"…" Vritra felt even more anxious, how could they cure something they knew nothing about.

The origin or source of those spores is completely unknown, they didn't even know if it was natural or someone's doing.

'Divine…' Vritra desperately called out but the answer was silence each time, he felt so angry.

Especially at himself for not being able to protect his family.

"Is there… nothing we can do now?" he asked helplessly, pulling Teresa closer into his arms.

"Haa no, it isn't something we can control, all we can do is try." Diana replied, she too feeling helpless.

…

Over seven hours had passed when Teresa's eyelids finally showed a reaction.

Vritra, who had kept her in his arms all this while, instantly noticed it.

Finally Teresa opened her eyes, then she looked around in confusion.

"Tess, how are you feeling?" Vritra asked gently.

"What happened?" she touched her head, as if feeling pain.

"You suddenly fainted." Yasmine said, checking her condition.

"Fainted? I don't know either but I feel weak all over…" Teresa spoke weakly.

She looked down at herself and noticed the speckle-like pattern present over her arms.

"Weak… will it help if she absorbs energy from that planet core?" Vritra asked as he remembered the core.

Without waiting for a response, he pulled the energy from the core which was in the next room and directed it towards Teresa.

"Try absorbing it and tell me if you feel better." Vritra said, hoping for anything to work.

"Mhmm." Teresa nodded, her face looked very pale. As she began to absorb the energy, the pain lessened quite a bit and she felt more energized.

"I feel a little better." Teresa said after a moment, she fell into deep thought, connecting the dots.

A look of sadness appeared on her face after a moment, then she asked: "Could it be because of my fate? I- I am afraid even you all might be affected because of me-"

"Shh just focus on resting for now, don't have any useless thoughts. We can certainly find a solution for it." Vritra said confidently, though internally he was extremely anxious and worried.

Teresa could tell that it must be because of her fate that she had attracted this disease, it must also be related to the spores.

"Husband, have you set up that device?" remembering something, Teresa asked.

"No, not yet." Vritra shook his head, smiling faintly.

"I am feeling better now, go ahead and use it, it will greatly help everyone." She said.

Vritra nodded, after a few minutes he finally flew, his heart heavy.

Mindlessly he flew higher and began to set it up while his mind was filled with all sorts of questions.

Is there nothing he could do to help her?

Vritra opened his status panel, staring over all his skills which now seemed completely useless.

He continued to read and reached the end but couldn't find anything useful, but then he paused, his eyes moving back up.

And his gaze locked onto one particular line.

"This might actually work, but will it be fine?" he wondered. Choosing this option might actually save Teresa but could put himself in danger.

And he wasn't sure if it could be a long-term solution or if it would even work at all.

But if it meant saving Teresa, his beautiful and kind wife, Vritra was ready to take the risk.

After quickly setting things up, he injected a vast amount of energy.

Soon an invisible barrier began to spread all around, not only was it stopping and melting the ice but it even stopped the spores, throwing them out of the planet.

While also pulling the ones that had fallen to the surface.

Vritra poured more and more energy, it was actually taxing, to cover the entire planet he had to empty more than three fourths of his mana.

The whole process took over five hours, but as he looked around, Vritra observed as the snow began to disappear.

The land cleared and even the spores stopped.

"Her talent is truly awesome, haa such a genius." Vritra shook his head, both sisters are geniuses in different fields.

He looked around for a bit and after making sure everything was fine, Vritra decided to leave.

This barrier could remain for at least a month and then he would have to create it again unless Teresa could somehow modify it to last longer.

Flying quickly he approached his house, all the women were still seated around Teresa.

"Husband, is she fine?" suddenly, Yennefer's voice sounded in his mind.

Yennefer didn't yet know much about her but now that the two were part of the family, she knew she would have to get along.

"Not really, none of us know what started all these changes or how to deal with it all." Vritra answered.

"Hmm can you tell me in short the things that happened after I disappeared?" Yennefer asked, Vanessa had already told her many things but there was still a lot she was curious about.

"All right." Vritra nodded and slowed his speed as he began to explain right after his supposed death.

He hid nothing, telling her everything.

"Oh, the Divine isn't responding now?" Yennefer asked, surprise evident in her tone.

"No, I am sure he will have a way to help her and Tess is his sister, I don't know why he isn't responding." Vritra said.

"This is indeed problematic, have you thought of something yet?" Yennefer questioned, she was well aware how far Vritra could go when it comes to his family.

"Yeah, a little something." Vritra answered vaguely as he descended.

They talked for a little longer and soon he was back inside his room.

"Is there any change?" Vritra asked.

"No, we are observing her situation. Though absorbing that core is certainly helping a little." Diana said.

But it can't cure her, only hold off the symptoms.

"Can you all leave me alone with her for a while?" Vritra asked with a solemn look.

His other wives wanted to know if he had found anything but they just nodded and left the two alone.

Teresa lay on the bed with her eyes closed, constantly absorbing the energy.

Upon hearing his voice, she weakly opened her eyes and looked at him. Teresa was even worried that if they came too close, this disease might transfer to them.

"Husband, we don't know if this disease is in-" Teresa was speaking but Vritra pressed a finger over her tender lips and interrupted her.

"Shh don't speak." He said and sat down beside her and gently began to caress her head.

"How do you like your life now? Do you regret getting married to me?" he asked.

"…" Teresa lay silently, making Vritra chuckle.

"All right, you can speak." He said, giving a kiss over her forehead.

"How could I ever regret it? This is the best thing that happened to me. I have enjoyed each moment after getting married, I… love you." Teresa said, feeling a little shy.

"Initially I was so against this marriage, but I never thought my secret bride would be such a wonderful woman. I am really glad that things happened the way they did.

I like your kindness, your shy and innocent demeanour, your smile, your scent. Haha your baddie look, I like everything about you." Vritra spoke slowly.

Speaking such words otherwise might have felt awkward but now, they both could feel each other's emotions.

Teresa still felt shy but was overjoyed upon hearing his sweet and warm words, all the pain and headache disappeared instantly.

"I love you, Tess." Vritra spoke as he leaned and pressed his lips against her moist black lips.

[The Husband of Fate Reaver Activated!]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...