Chapter 660 Evolution

BOOM BOOM BOOM

The heads of the three puppets exploded at the same time as Vritra used Blood Manipulation and Spiritual Burst at the same time.

Messages popped before him, but Vritra felt too weak to even see them.

His eyes were starting to shut, his connection with his own body breaking.

Something was wrong, this shouldn't just be because of the merging.

With his half opened eye, he looked towards Morgan who should have been shocked after his last powerful attack.

Just like how Butcher looked not far away, he didn't die but felt the blood in his body start to boil.

Instead, there was a grin on Morgan's face, almost like he was about to succeed in something.

'What has he done? Trying to turn me into a puppet?' Vritra wondered, his thoughts jumpy.

But even if he found out there was no way to stop it, there were still a bit over four minutes left.

Not to mention, very soon the merging would start to affect even the surroundings then Morgan would find out.

Just a couple more minutes, Vritra had to wait a bit more.

Letting out a groan, he turned over and slowly pushed his broken form up.

Butcher who was feeling pain in his body, didn't have any time for another sneak attack.

He just stood frozen there.

If Vritra had targeted him too, then wouldn't he have had his head explode just now?

His heartbeat increased even more, as he gasped for breath feeling intense pain in his chest.

'Heart attack?!!' clutching his chest he fell to the ground, it was Vritra's doing of course.

He could control every drop of blood inside Butcher's body.

Using the spear, Vritra straightened up, his clothes torn and drenched in blood.

Cuts were visible all over his body, though most had already healed.

Evomorph working in the background.

It even resisted the effect of the puppet thread, greatly slowing it down.

"COUGH B- Butcher, this is haa haa payback for the l- last time…" Vritra walked unsteadily towards the screaming guy, his tall figure looming over him.

Pulling the spear, Vritra stabbed into the side of Butcher's belly, not killing him directly.

"Aaaaaaaaah S- Stop ughhh damnit s- save me s- sir please help me…" Butcher begged, terrified of Vritra.

But Morgan just stood there with his arms crossed, wondering why it was taking so long to take control of Vritra's body.

"S- Spare me I- I will be y- your slave COUGH please g- give me one chance ughhhh ahhhhhhh" seeing that Morgan had no intention to save him.

He turned to Vritra and began to beg, but this type of guy is the worst.

For his personal enjoyment, he had destroyed the lives of many, just after getting some strength.

And he dared to play that trick on Vritra, almost killing his family and even now this pig was trying so hard to kill him.

Sneaking attacks and eyeing his women, there was no way Vritra would spare him.

Twisting the spear, he pulled back, dragging along his intestines.

"Aaaaaaaah" his painful wails rang out, yet with his current level of mutation that was not enough to kill him.

Which was actually a curse for Butcher.

Vritra placed the tip of the spear above Butcher's forehead, then began to drag it down vertically.

Cutting his body symmetrically, first the blade pierced through his nose then tore through his lips then neck, chest, belly and so on.

Though it was still not deep enough to make him die.

'It's been too long, he should already have turned into my puppet, something is wrong.' Morgan frowned and decided to intervene.

"Alright, that's enough. You have proved yourself and I am more than happy to welcome you to my team.

You can be my commander as long as you can kill that woman and those two guys." Morgan walked closer.

If his first attempt failed then he would just need to try again.

This time he planned to directly plant the seed of the parasite into his body and for that he just needed to tap on his head.

Morgan walked forward, while Vritra who seemed not to have heard, continued to torture Butcher.

Morgan arrived behind Vritra hurriedly but just as he raised his hand to strike, a tentacle from his own shadow shot out.

He was completely taken aback as it stabbed towards his eyes, but his speed was fast enough to dodge it.

Maeve controlled the shadows, her body completely merging with them as she disappeared along with the others.

Morgan frowned, did these women finally decide to intervene? Did they think they could win against him?

He still had those forty five men waiting for his orders, maybe they were just driven into a corner.

"Fools…" he shook his head, yet just at that time a bloody wave exploded around Vritra.

Strange patterns began to glow all over his body, lighting up even the surroundings.

A flood of blood rose drowning Vritra's body and shooting out in all directions.

"Merging? Is he ascending? B- But how?" Morgan was blasted backwards by the force of the flood, his eyes wide open.

How could this guy be merging with an Ascension Path while fighting?

Morgan's own merging had taken like a day, and it had gone very smoothly but what was wrong with this guy?

'I read about forceful merging, did he attempt that? All the while fighting those guys?'

Morgan was extremely shocked, just what sort of determination and tolerance did he possess?

How could he endure all that pain? No wonder those weak attacks were managing to hurt him so badly, in fact almost all his injuries came from the process of merging.

'I have to kill this guy!!'

He knew it would be near impossible to tame him and if the merging completed, then the outcome might be unknown.

He had confidence in his own strength but he had already made a mistake, he didn't think that someone could actually do this.

"ATTACK!!" He screamed, instantly swallowing the whole place in his domain.

His body glowed with various skills but suddenly, a cube made of thin walls appeared around him.

His body froze for a few moments, a hand came from one of the walls, stabbing a knife straight into Morgan's throat.

This was the first time that Teresa had hurt someone else, even after coming to this world at most she would help Vritra and others by freezing the enemies.

But right now she couldn't care less about others' lives, Vritra was all that mattered to her.

And thus, the kindest soul in the universe rained down knives into Morgan's body.

Morgan used all his might to break the walls, but burning her energy, Teresa kept opening more and more.

While stabbing more and more knives into him, he couldn't even use any skills and was completely helpless.

It was all because of this guy that Vritra had suffered so much, he felt so much pain.

Thinking of it made Teresa mad, she felt immense rage take over her mind and heart, only one thought remaining in her mind.

To give as much pain to Morgan as possible, to give him a painful death.

While Teresa stopped Morgan, the rest of the women, Shitless and Onest protected Vritra from the puppets as his body was undergoing evolution.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios