Chapter 430: The Taste of Taboo

"..." The queen fell silent and thought for a couple of minutes.

And she came to the conclusion that even if Vritra saw some of her treasures now, it wouldn’t matter, since the moment he surrendered, she would turn him into her slave for the rest of his life.

She could do anything to get that man.

The queen had forgotten to question why he was here or how he entered; it clearly seemed like a trap.

But Vritra himself was her biggest weakness.

"Sigh fine, let me show you everything that you can obtain if you accept me. Your life will only be filled with pleasure, treasures, and happiness."

In her monstrous voice, the queen laughed and gave a gentle squeeze to the chains holding her body.

And soon, several doors appeared on the previously empty walls. Each door was very large and held lots of treasures.

"..." Vritra’s lips finally curled up as he got ready to steal everything he could in the next two minutes, after all, that is the time that Raelion would probably last.

...

Some distance away inside the Voromir kingdom, in a tall building.

Raelion was lying on the bed, several demon women spread across the room.

Ever since returning from the Ghazi city, he had been in a really good mood even though he was chased and beaten like a dog.

And the reason behind his happiness was obviously Yennefer’s announcement. He really wanted to see Darius’s face at that moment.

Looking at the women in the room, he sighed; none of them could even match one percent of Yennefer. She had just that special aura, that superior air around her that could make any sort of man fall for her.

"Haa but how do I get her..." he sighed, his mood dampening as he remembered Yennefer’s words.

Maybe she made this announcement specifically because she already has a man. This filled Raelion with rage, only if he knew who it was.

Yennefer was certainly one of his biggest weaknesses; at least he had something in common with that mother of his that he hated so much.

Ever since his father’s death, she had turned into something disgusting, and to please the Demon Lord Sloth she got so fat, starting to sleep with so many men every day.

He truly felt ashamed to have her as his mother.

BANG

Just while he was deep in thought, something flew into his room from the window and hit the wall.

Alerted, he instantly jumped up and covered himself in a barrier, but upon looking closely he found that it was a stone with paper wrapped around it.

"Hmm? What is this?" Glancing outside, he sensed a shadow flying towards the castle, then he picked up the stone.

Unwrapping the paper, he threw it aside and observed the stone but couldn’t find anything strange.

Then glancing down, he saw something written on the paper.

"My lord, if you want to know Yennefer’s whereabouts, then come to the castle, your mother is going to kill me!" Even by the writing, he could feel the urgency.

And knowing his mother, he was sure if her batch of men ended, she would pick someone randomly from the kingdom.

"Damnit, did she kidnap one of my men now?" Raelion felt angry. Without wasting a moment, he flew away.

Before his mother was done with it, he had to go and save that man and get info about Yennefer.

WHOOSH

***

"Look closely, all those potions, treasures, everything will belong to you. You just need to say a simple yes."

The queen planned to take Vritra’s life flame first so he would never be able to escape.

She couldn’t do it forcefully like Maeve; it needed to be agreed upon from both sides.

Vritra observed the treasuries, and indeed there was a lot. He would become quite rich with all that, not to mention so many potions.

Even the land of a fallen lord wasn’t poor.

’Good, this will do.’ Vritra smiled, slowly the Misty Essence Flame began to surround the whole room.

It was a top-grade treasure that could make even a god hallucinate, so what was this fat, weak woman who had no countermeasures for it?

"Hurry up and tell me!" The queen’s voice got a bit louder as Vritra just stood there silently, observing the treasures in a trance.

"Hmm but before that, why don’t you show me if you are worthy? Let me see what sort of pleasure you would be giving me."

Vritra said, as Misty Essence finally took control of the situation and the third participant of the play broke into the room.

Just as Raelion burst into the room, Vritra’s figure disappeared and the pair of mother and son fell into an illusion.

Finally getting Vritra’s permission, the queen went mad and like a crazy bitch in heat, she pulled him closer and smashed him onto the bed.

Then her heavy body fell onto the person she believed was Vritra.

On the other hand, Raelion, who had just burst into this room, found himself back in his own room with several beautiful demonesses waiting for him.

He scratched his head in confusion, feeling as if it was déjà vu, as if he had traveled a few hours back in time.

But throwing it away, he got ready to enjoy his time with all the demon women.

Several of them pulled him and smashed him onto the bed, and then all of them fell on top of him.

"So wild today, haha I love it." Raelion spoke, trying to hug the big lump of fat on top of him but it was just impossible.

His clothes were torn, and then began the bone-breaking act, as the fat queen’s body began to bounce over her simp son, squeezing the literal life out of him.

...

Vritra glanced back, seeing that both were drowned in pleasure; he didn’t disturb them.

"Wifey, you are awesome, and now everyone is watching this sight outside the castle." Psyche had used a special glyph to project the scenes from inside the room into the sky.

Maeve was unaware of the things happening inside, but all the other demons were watching the shocking and taboo scene, many even began to vomit at the sight.

"Anyway, let’s start our heist." Vritra wasted no time as he turned and began to empty one treasury after another.

He had obtained so many life potions, it would definitely increase Yasmine’s strength by a lot.

Potions, gold, and whatever was there were stolen by him. In a bit over a minute, he had emptied all the treasuries.

But unfortunately, he couldn’t find Maeve’s life flame inside any of them.

"Since it is not here, do you think the queen might be hiding more treasuries, or maybe she has kept it closer after all?"

He wondered, and there was just one way to find it out, which was also the next phase of Vritra’s plan.

The fat queen had gathered a vast amount of demonic energy; she had been accumulating it over so many years, and demonic energy would be a great gain to Vritra.

It would strengthen his Evil Veyll God Essence Core, directly increasing his strength.

Making up his mind, he walked behind the large fat ball and took out a knife.

The effect of the Misty Essence was so terrifying that the pair of mother and son wouldn’t even notice any pain or passage of time.

"It will work, right?" Vritra asked, slowly bringing the tip of the knife closer to her back.

"Yes, certainly. Just make sure to guide the energy properly and keep the two busy as long as possible," Yasmine said, chuckling at the show.

"..." Vritra looked at Raelion and the queen, and the two were fucking like rabbits; they wouldn’t be stopping at least for the next five or so minutes.

He pushed the knife into the queen’s flesh, burying half of it, then Yasmine flew out and took on her human form.

Using her strength, she began to manipulate the blood, slowly breaking it down back into its original form—the demonic energy.

After which she pushed the energy into Vritra’s body, who focused solely on redirecting the large energy into the Essence Core.

Although the energy wasn’t as pure as his own, the amount was huge.

He felt so much demonic energy rushing into his body as the Essence Core happily absorbed it all.

It was like a dam had been opened. Yasmine struggled a bit at first, but Vritra took out some life potions which helped her replenish her energy faster.

Thus began the double cycle.

The queen was still absorbing the life force and demonic energy of her son; since she had gone mad, she wasn’t really holding back.

While Vritra was constantly absorbing vast amounts of energy, it was such an unexpected gain. If not for Yasmine, he would never have thought of it.

The dragon waifu frowned and asked, "Hubby, can you handle more energy? We need to hurry up."

Vritra gritted his teeth and pushed himself to his limits as he nodded. This amount of energy could easily explode the bodies of several generals.

And the queen was only using it as fat in her body; it was all to please the Demon Lord Sloth so she could marry him and offer herself.

Yasmine increased the amount by several times, and Vritra’s entire body got swallowed by the demonic energy as it rushed into him.

If not for his physique, he would have already exploded. The two hearts in his body thumped wildly, absorbing energy at a crazy rate as purple veins bulged all over his body.

He even used the Null ability to slow down time for the pair of mother and son while increasing the absorption rate further.

His strength was increasing at a terrifying rate.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...