Chapter 331: The Grown-up Baby

Vritra and Yennefer had a long bath together. The more time the empress spent with him, the more obsessed she seemed.

She had even stopped worrying about her strength and leaving as much as before.

After a bath that lasted nearly 3 hours, they dressed up and soon began to have dinner.

While eating, Vritra shared the details of his venture, of course hiding a few things.

Together they went out for a stroll. It was already past evening and the sky had started to turn dark.

They met with a few people who congratulated Vritra for returning safely from the forest and even killing several beasts.

As the siren rang, they started walking back towards their house. On the way, they met Chopper.

"Sigh, those insufferable bastards, only one of the captives is alive now, the rest died." He said with a tired sigh.

"Torturing those guys won’t result in anything. Others from Bone Blood Cult have clearly abandoned them, and I doubt they would have any significant information," Vritra added.

But maybe they had discovered something inside the town which had made their survival here easier.

"Just be careful. I don’t know how they do it, but they had broken the windows of several people at night, which resulted in so many deaths already... sigh..." Chopper sighed again.

"Okay, we will be careful." Vritra nodded. With his heightened senses and nether eye, he could easily sense if any person came close with killing intent.

After talking for a few more minutes, they went to their houses.

Vritra had taken more weapons and materials for his hunting and kept them all in his house.

Arriving in the house, Yennefer sat on the bed and observed Vritra carefully while he checked the weapons and materials, arranging them properly and sharpening the weapons.

"You are going to go out tomorrow again?" she asked, hugging a pillow.

"Yeah, I think I will soon be able to find a way out of this place, but the plan will take a while." Vritra replied, swinging around the sharpened daggers.

"..." Yennefer tilted her head and remained silent for a while, then she spoke: "You don’t trust me yet, right? I am sure you are hiding something, but..."

She didn’t like the feeling of not being close enough to him. In such a short time, Vritra had too big of an impact on her.

Especially after getting locked up with him in a place like this, they had gotten really close.

But those three women were obviously closer to him than her.

"Hmm, you are right, but before that tell me, do you love me?" Vritra questioned as he finished the preparations.

"... I am not sure if what I feel is love or not, but I do want you to be with me forever." Yennefer answered after thinking for a few seconds.

"Then there is nothing to worry. I am sure if we spend more time together we will get to know a lot more about each other."

Vritra said as he climbed onto the bed and sat in front of her with a smile.

"..." Yennefer nodded. Previously the only life goals she had were to get stronger and slaughter all the demons.

But now she wanted something other than that—something that truly made her happy, not for others, but for herself.

"Forget about all that for now, we can worry about that stuff later." Vritra spoke as he lay back on the bed, before pulling her hand and asking:

"It’s still too early to sleep, so how about we go for a couple more rounds?"

"Huh? Are you sure?" Yennefer asked with her brows raised, her breasts pressed against his chest.

"Oh, is the almighty empress afraid?" he joked.

"Afraid? I was only worried about you, since I had heard men can only go for one or two rounds, and we already did so many times earlier today."

Yennefer said, always ready for the challenge.

"Shall we see who is exhausted first?" Vritra smiled, his hands sliding over her body.

"..." She knew, in this town her body was that of a normal human and she couldn’t win against Vritra, but she wasn’t one to back down.

"Sure, I wanted a refill of your hot fluid anyway."

The empress said with a seductive smile, before pressing her lips against his.

Their lips parted and tongues met in a sweet and wet dance, as they both tasted the familiar taste.

With hunger, they began to pull away each other’s clothes, giving kisses all over each other’s bodies.

The two were soon consumed by passion, as they became one and the room was filled with her loud moans.

***

After four rounds, Yennefer finally admitted defeat.

She was completely exhausted, so the two went to sleep while hugging each other’s bare bodies.

Vritra felt quite comfortable in her warm embrace, her body wrapped around his possessively. He felt so relaxed, as if he had returned to Vanessa’s arms.

It was after midnight, that Vritra shifted slightly in Yennefer’s arms and his body seemed to move on its own as he shifted lower until his face was at the same level as her breasts.

Like a small habit he had developed while sleeping with Vanessa, Vritra took Yennefer’s nipple in his mouth and started suckling.

The taste and feeling of her nipple was quite good, but even after several minutes, the expected sweet and warm milk didn’t come out.

Yennefer shifted slightly but remained asleep, her breathing becoming heavier. She hugged his head tighter.

Vritra then began to suck even harder, pulling her pink hard nipple deeper into his mouth to draw the streams of milk, but still the result was milkless.

Finally, he bit down on her nipple, his teeth sinking in the hard bud, making Yennefer’s body jolt slightly.

"Ahh!" the empress was finally awake.

She blinked her sleepy eyes and looked down at Vritra in her arms, whose mouth was still attached to one of her nipples.

With a pop sound, she pulled her wet nipple out of his mouth, before closing her eyes.

But in the next moment she felt the warmth of his mouth cover her nipple again.

"Haa, Vritra, I can’t sleep like this and ahh~ stop biting, are you a kid or something?" she asked before pulling her nipple again.

But Vritra’s mouth once again latched onto her nipple.

Sighing, she just held tighter, pushing more of her boob into his mouth so at least he wouldn’t bite. Then she tried sleeping again.

’How strange, if someone had told me I would be doing something like this in the future then I would have killed them immediately, and now here I am, with this big baby attached to me...’ she thought, at the absurdity of the changes in herself.

Shaking her head, she endured the pleasure his mouth was giving her and fell asleep after more than half an hour.

***

The two woke up early the next morning.

One of Yennefer’s nipples was slightly throbbing and swollen. She complained about it but knew it was useless.

After taking a bath together, they ate breakfast and the empress even packed some food for him.

Then, carrying all the stuff, Vritra walked out of the house along with her.

"Be careful, husband, and return safely..." Yennefer said, remembering the teachings from those professional housewives.

"I will be back really soon, don’t worry too much." Vritra said as he gave her a kiss, raising her veil slightly.

"Don’t die out there, young man. I have high hopes for you." Chopper said with a nod.

"Be careful, Ben, and just return if things get difficult. I even heard that those abominations could move around the forest even during the daytime." Mark said, patting his shoulder.

"Thank you, everyone, I will be back safely before night." Vritra said. Then he gave Yennefer a tight embrace before turning and leaving for yet another venture.

The group watched as Vritra disappeared into the forest. They were all amazed at how incredibly brave Vritra was.

People were afraid to travel even a short distance away from the town, and he was going into such a dangerous environment.

...

Vritra threw all the materials into the dimensional book and started running.

Except for the lingering effect of the poison, his body had healed, though his left hand was still created by the intra shuffle.

Running at full speed, it didn’t take very long for him to arrive near the temple this time, while avoiding all the danger.

Without wasting a moment, he began to set up the traps.

He planned to kill at least four or five abominations before returning to the town.

Since Vritra had a better idea of the forest and beasts now, arranging everything was easier, and his strength had also grown compared to before.

In around four hours, Vritra was done with setting up five traps with enough distance between them.

"Everything is done. All I need to do now is to bring those damned creatures here and kill them somehow." Vritra mumbled.

He checked the arrangement several times before finally heading towards the temple.

Killing the abominations one at a time was going to be a bit easier now, since the other abominations had not seen his forbidden skills like the first one.

So he could use the surprise factor to complete his work before their bodies could adapt to it.

After running for a few minutes, he arrived at the temple.

[Book of Dimensions Activated.]

Vritra disappeared as he climbed the stairs and made his way into the temple.

The scene in front of him was just the same as before, and the air was just as oppressive.

"Alright, let’s start!!" Vritra spoke as he took out a stone.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...