Chapter 200: Upgrade

『

Name: Vritra Arclis

Level: 1,796 (1st Legion rank)

Class: Dust Lord (Rank: A) [SSS+(?)]

Title: The Cursed Hunter [Level 10]

Race: Demon (Origin), Dragon

Mana: 304,000 / 304,000

Vitality: 100%

---

Stats:

Strength: 31,818 (+1,000)

Agility: 33,990 (+1,000)

Endurance: 29,937 (+1,000)

Intelligence: 28,481 (+1,000)

Mana: 30,400 (+1,000)

Luck: 60

[Allocation points: 7,970]

』

Vritra stared at his stats in surprise, they had increased a lot higher than he had expected. His level had also increased by a lot even though after reaching the legion rank, increasing each level is really difficult.

He glanced at the allocation points and understood that now with each level, the stat points increased by ten points. The overall increase in his combat strength was astronomical.

His stats were much higher for someone his level, with other abilities of his he could easily kill even someone at the 2nd ranked Legion rank without going all out.

Now came the question of allocation points, he didn’t really need to invest it in mana mainly because of the SUCK! SUCK! SUCK! skill and also because of the presence of the demon core in his body, he normally wouldn’t run out of energy.

And among the strength, agility and endurance, he needed to invest in just one and everything would be fine because of the Shift. So in the end Vritra decided to distribute the points between agility and intelligence.

...

Stats:

Strength: 31,818 (+1,000)

Agility: 37,960 (+1,000)

Endurance: 29,937 (+1,000)

Intelligence: 32,481 (+1,000)

Mana: 30,400 (+1,000)

Luck: 60

[Allocation points: 0]

』

"And this is done, if I were to use Shift with such stat points..." Vritra’s smile widened, Shift is such an awesome skill, the more he level up the greater it will become.

"Your stats are even higher than mine or any other dragon for that level, I guess having demon god physique and bloodline is not for naught." Yasmine spoke, gazing at his status panel in awe.

"Now, it is time to use those sin points." Vritra rubbed his palms together, and began to observe.

{Sin Points: 23,979,023}

His sin points had increased by more than a hundred thousand when the empress had dragged him into the inheritance ground, after gazing at those points Vritra looked excitedly at his skills.

"20 million for one skill, sigh that’s so expensive. I thought it was just 10 million, now I can only upgrade one skill." Vritra shook his head in a little disappointment but earning sin points is quite easy as long as he has enough time and perfect arrangements, so he wasn’t too concerned.

[ACTIVE SKILLS]:

{Fourth Dimension}

{Nether Eye}

{Blood Lock

{Forbidden}

{SUCK! SUCK! SUCK!}

[PASSIVE SKILLS]:

{Elegy Parasite}

{Intra Shuffle}

...

Vritra excluded a few skills directly for now, like Intra Shuffle, Elegy Parasite, SUCK! SUCK! SUCK!, Nether Eye.

Now between Fourth Dimension, Blood Lock, Forbidden and Shift, he needed to select one to upgrade it first, it was a little hard decision.

Upgrading the Fourth Dimension will certainly increase his chances of escaping from most dangerous situations, maybe even extremely strong people won’t be able to sense or catch him or maybe the upgrade may take a different route.

Blood Lock might increase the percentage from 0.5% per minute, that would be great but the prerequisite is that he is able to make them bleed and hold on for that longer. Though it is a great skill but it won’t affect Vritra’s strength at all directly.

Main contenders are Forbidden and Shift, Vritra wasn’t sure what kind of transformation they would undergo, and both the skills were too awesome.

Both of them will definitely make him stronger the moment they are upgraded, so Vritra had to choose between the two.

After thinking for a few seconds, Vritra finally decided to upgrade the Shift, one of his greatest skills.

Then he spent exactly 20 million points to upgrade the Shift skill.

{Sin Points: 3,979,023}

[Upgrading Shift!!]

[0%]

[1%]

...

[100%]

It took nearly an hour for the Shift skill to upgrade, it took quite a lot of time but Vritra waited patiently. There seemed to be some sort of changes occurring in his body but Vritra couldn’t clearly sense it.

Finally, he opened the upgraded Shift’s status window, his heartbeat increasing.

『

[SHIFT]

[Skill Description]:It allows the user to transfer stat points from any two stats into one, based on current needs between Strength, Agility and Endurance.

Even after transferring, the source stats retain 50% of their original effectiveness, ensuring the user doesn’t become completely vulnerable in those areas.

But after Shift is deactivated, you would be left in a weakened state for a while unless the shifted percentage is 50% or less. Healing, mana regeneration, mental recovery will automatically support one another, two could be added to the third.

』

Vritra: "..."

Yasmine: "..."

Both stared at this godly skill in bewilderment, Vritra was absolutely right just the moment it was upgraded it had increased his overall combat power by so many levels.

And so Shift has once again proved just how big of a cheat it really is, with just Shift skill one of his attribute would increase immensely. After all now he could shift from two stat to one, if he keep the borrowed amount to 50% or less then he won’t even have to face the drawback.

But in some fight when he needs to shift 100% of the other two stats to one single stat, those two stat would still have 50% of their original value and only after he had deactivated the Shift would he become weak since there is no time limit.

Which means strength stat’s would increase by three times while agility and endurance would still have 50% even after giving away 100%, this was simply madness.

"Fuck, I don’t even want to cheat this badly, how could such a skill even exist?" Vritra shook his head as he stood up and stretched his body, he needs to use this skill to understand it completely but it turned crazier than his expectations.

20 million sin points well spent.

He looked at the status panel to check if the Shift skill is still upgradable and yes it was but the cost had increased by a lot.

Now it needed exactly 100 million to upgrade Shift. That number is way too high but the next upgrade would be even better probably.

"Now that I have levelled up and even upgraded Shift to its next level, there is one last thing left." Vritra mumbled to himself.

He took out all the corpses and weapons stored in his inventory, even those two 2nd legion ranked corpses and his Axes of Chaos.

[Activated SUCK! SUCK! SUCK!]

Vritra pointed at the first corpse of the 2nd legion ranked Bone Blood Cult member, and used Nihil-Anima Mythic Halo as invisible flames rushed out of his body and swallowed the corpse.

Even though the amount of mana in his body had increased by a lot, he still needed the help of his skill to turn these two into soul wraiths since their strength was too high.

But Shift still worked in the background along with his SUCK skill and after some time the job was finally done. Vritra wasted no time as he did the same to the other corpse.

Then he gazed at the more twenty thousand corpses from Bone Blood Cult and Nine Pacts.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...