Chapter 716 Slaves?

After that large room was destroyed by Vritra, Shitless who was still in metallic form fell and sank into the sea.

Then he got devoured by some mutant.

"What should we do darling, do we need to help?" Fiona asked, though she just wanted to rest now.

"I am sure he will be fine, let's go and just rest." Vritra shrugged as the group turned and flew back.

It would be useless to search the entire flood water to find that one creature who might have swallowed him.

Sooner or later, he would be thrown out with poop or something just like before.

Vritra and the others just ignored the people who were bowing and thanking them, treating him as their god and saviour.

Soon the group returned to their rooms and just slept, the battle wasn't too long but was pretty intense.

…

They were all woken up by the sound of metal dragging against the floor, there was also the sound of water drops falling.

"Looks like Shitless is back." Vritra mumbled before going back to sleep.

The monk before returning to his room kicked open Onest's room.

He was still in his metallic form, completely wet and stained all over with something greenish.

"Oh Shitless, you are back? Ha… haha we were so worried about you, I even searched... wait!"

Without a word, Shitless jumped on top of the bed, smashing hard.

BANG

The bed broke, both the bed and Onest were now also covered with the green stuff with a really bad stench.

"Ughh What is this? It smells like shit." Onest wiped his face, a look of disgust on his face.

"100 points, correct answer!" Shitless clapped his metallic palms together, laughing evilly.

Onest vomited instantly before running towards the bathroom.

…

After a few hours, Vritra and his wives ate a delicious meal but for some reason Onest and Shitless didn't.

"I will be going through the 10th evolution, have you decided who is going to use those crystals?" Vritra asked.

"Yes, Teresa will be the one, her ability is very useful in fights after all." Yasmine spoke.

Vritra nodded, before leaving they would go through the evolution, so they would be better prepared for the future fights.

"Let's go Tess." He said, extending his hand.

"Yes husband." Nodding she held his hand, then the two flew up, going above the bubble.

After reaching a good enough height and moving some distance away from the Renko city.

Vritra created a big floating floor with blood, the two sat down on it with some distance between them.

"Let's start." The two nodded and took out twenty blue crystals.

Taking a deep breath, they initiated the process of evolution as the blue energy suddenly flooded their surroundings.

Instantly an enormous cocoon of energy formed around both of them.

The outside of the energy cocoon was pretty calm but inside there was a storm of energies.

This final evolution was bigger than any of the nine evolutions before, it filled their bodies with so much strength.

For both Vritra and Teresa, time seemed to have paused, they stopped sensing anything.

Meanwhile everyone waited on the ground.

…

Thankfully, the evolution didn't take too long, it ended after a little over two days.

The cocoons cracked and the energy faded into the air as Vritra and Teresa's figures were revealed.

Both were wearing a different set of clothes, as the previous ones were in a really bad state.

"How did it go?" Teresa asked with a beautiful smile on her face, that made Vritra stare at her for a few moments.

"Perfect" he replied, although there was no increase in the attributes, but he had truly reached the peak of this planet.

There would be no longer any progression, he was ready to challenge whatever was in that tower.

And now killing those criminals would be very easy.

"With my current strength, I could have locked all those prisoners and the battle would have ended in moments." Teresa spoke.

In the real world, she didn't possess any ability that could help her in battles.

She didn't really need one previously but now she did, though she could have used her gadgets for it.

So she wondered if they would still have these abilities after returning to the real world.

"Let's go down then, it is time to leave this place and quickly reach the tower." Vritra said, taking her soft hand in his.

"Husband, do you think back on the Zoratian planet, things would be peaceful in our absence?" she asked.

Although her family was full of scums she still cared for some like Rich and a little about her brother and grandfather.

"They should be, the mutation would be contained and before the trials start, we still have enough time." Vritra answered.

There was a difference in the passage of time too, and they haven't been here for that long.

"Hmm I hope things go fine once we have cleared this game." She sighed, making Vritra pause suddenly.

"No, why did you say that? Sigh."

Here he was trying his best to return to safety and his wife was just casually raising flags.

"O- Oh sorry, I didn't mean..." Teresa was still quite meek.

Vritra had forgotten that after arriving on this planet since she started fighting and all, but he forgot how emotionally weak she is.

Pulling her into his arms, he consoled, "It's fine, just don't say things like that, it brings trouble."

"Mhmm." She nodded, and after she had calmed down, the two flew down.

Shitless and Onest as usual were fighting over something, while the women were either just resting or walking around chatting.

When Vritra and Teresa returned they all surrounded the two to ask various questions.

Vritra was about to say they were going to leave, but upon glancing at Teresa and noticing her expression, he spoke,

"We will leave after eating."

…

An hour or so later, a big blood cart appeared in the sky, all of them already seated on it.

Shitless didn't forget to bring along that young assassin.

The people on the ground noticed the large cart and knew that their god was leaving.

They chased and begged but within seconds, the cart was just gone.

All of them could only sigh and work hard to get stronger.

This bubble would last a long time, enough for them to get stronger.

A few hours after they were gone, a person walked from the neighbouring city and swiftly entered the bubble city.

"Haha That was smooth, haa why am I so awesome? It's a pity those women are gone too but at least they would be doing my work like slaves keke."

The man laughed maniacally before walking away happily.

…

Vritra and the others were flying away rapidly, at their current speed, only the young assassin was having trouble.

The strength of the rest of the members was so high.

He was frozen by the invisible room from Teresa, making it impossible to even think of doing anything.

"How far is that lord Asmodeus of yours?" Shitless asked, though he just needed an excuse to beat him up.

Vritra sent hundreds of his blood clones in all directions, they would kill the mutants and search for anything helpful.

Like the players or those criminals.

And after a few hours of travel, one of the clones finally found something very special.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios