Chapter 452: Radioactive Radiations

[Progress: 80%]

[You have slain all Arthal Plague Rats.]

[Use the Arthal crystals to remove all the radiations from the bodies of the infants.]

Reading the messages, Vritra took all the crystals and pulled even the ones present in his dimensional book before using his dust ability to make each crystal hover above an infant.

Without even doing anything, a reaction triggered on its own, and instantly all the crystals were pulled closer to the mouths of the infants, pressing against their mouths.

Then the radiations were pulled out of all the infants, getting released into the environment.

[Suck! Suck! Suck! Activated.]

...

[Progress 100%]

[You have acquired Radioactive Field.]

As the few messages popped in front of Vritra, all the crystals separated from the infants whose bodies had returned to completely normal.

Then the crystals floated in the sky and began to merge, soon becoming one crystal, the size of a football.

[Quest completed.]

[You have obtained the Aurora of the Betrayed.]

"And we are done, sigh... now what am I going to do with so many babies? Where are their parents?" Vritra mumbled, but for now, he stored them all away into his dimensional book.

Thankfully, all of them were asleep right now.

"Although I have absorbed all the radiation, this crystal still seems like a treasure." After a thought, he stored away the stone too.

By this dangerous mission, he had obtained two big benefits.

First, getting closer to the first-ranked Mythic Halo and obtaining such a nice Field.

"Hubby, let’s test it out." Yasmine appeared outside and mumbled. This was the first time she had heard about such a field.

"Hmm." He nodded, then looked at one of the makeshift buildings. With just a thought, he released radioactive radiations.

These radiations were far stronger than even the three leaders combined. In a moment, the entire building was destroyed, decaying extremely quickly.

"Not bad, this was the most basic attack. Anyway, let’s leave this place. I am feeling tired."

Vritra stretched his arms, his entire body dirty with the flesh of the Arthal rats.

Flying back, he exited the city and soon arrived outside the broken temple.

"Hubby, when are you planning to upgrade your Fields?" Yasmine questioned, flying beside him.

"I will do it in a few days. It is better to gather more points first, as many as I can before these games stop," Vritra replied.

He hadn’t even checked how many points he had gathered yet.

Flying at full speed, he soon entered the cloud city.

***

Tin and Vin had been roaming around the Cloud City after leaving Ghazi City and going through a couple more.

They just had one motive, and that was to find Vritra, with literally no other information.

"Haa... what is the Oracle thinking? He didn’t even tell us anything and just told us to keep searching," Vin said while looking around at the stalls.

"I am so hungry, and why is this Cloud City so foggy? The shops are all closed this early," Tin complained.

Just while they were roaming in search of a hotel, the brothers spotted Yennefer.

She had removed her disguise and was going to meet with the Oracle.

"Empre— cough, Yennefer!" Tin called out, hurriedly flying higher into the sky.

"What are you doing here? Still searching for him?" Yennefer paused and questioned.

She didn’t like these two brothers, but it would be beneficial to get some info, so she decided to pause for a moment.

"Yeah, sigh... we are too strong and popular. If he even spots us, I am sure he will just leave the city itself," Vin muttered, shaking his head proudly.

"So why didn’t you try disguising yourselves?" Yennefer asked. As expected, this pair was just too idiotic.

"Ah... w-we were actually about to do it. Anyway, are you going to meet the Oracle?" Tin spoke hurriedly.

"Yes." Yennefer shook her head. Vritra had actually appeared before the brothers more than once.

One time in the underground market, secondly during the fake marriage, and the third time during the game they watched earlier.

"Oh right, your servant... hmm, what was he called again? Green poop or something. After your wild announcements, he has been searching for you," Tin said before gesturing into the distance.

On the ground was a man in a green robe with long nails, trying to book three rooms in a hotel.

"Forget him, I am leaving." Yennefer didn’t want to waste time here, so she turned around and left.

"Wait, we are coming too. We need to have a word with the Oracle as well."

Tin and Vin both followed. They decided not to tell anyone that they had met with her.

Back on the ground, Green Claw looked around in confusion but couldn’t see anyone. Even the twins had disappeared.

"Huff... where did they disappear off to now? Sob... they keep dragging me along like a slave. Should I make a run for my life?"

Green Claw muttered but decided not to. Even the Empress had disappeared, so who would protect him from that pair of demonic siblings?

His search continued as he left one of the hotels disappointedly.

But right as he stepped out of the door, a person flashed before him — the speed was too fast.

After a moment, as Green Claw registered who it was, his eyes widened in shock and bewilderment.

"Y-you! Vritr—"

But a hand suddenly gripped his mouth and dragged the man away from there.

...

Vritra tightly held Green Claw’s head and flew higher and higher, demonic presence bursting out of his body.

He was just passing by when he noticed this guy and remembered that it was exactly him who had hurt Maeve that badly.

So how could he be allowed to live without receiving any punishment?

Vritra decided to test his new Field on a living target. The bar of radioactive radiation was still quite low, though.

Green Claw continued to struggle, trying to slash at Vritra’s arm, but it was all useless. He was completely powerless.

Vritra paused after reaching high enough and then entered the dimensional book.

Then he threw Green Claw away.

"Hello, this is the second time we are meeting. Let me properly introduce myself." After a pause, he added, "I am Vritra Arclis."

"You... how are you so strong? Weren’t you supposed to be in the 3rd or 4th Legion rank? What is going on? And when did we meet before?" Green Claw hastily took a defensive pose.

"That is not important. Looks like you replaced the finger I cut before, but it has the weakest poison." Cool air rustled his hair as the two stood in the night sky.

"It was you! Y-you did it to... save that demoness?" The exclamation in his voice was evident as Green Claw quickly thought.

"Not bad. You see, Maeve is my woman, so I am gonna have to punish you a little." Vritra said as terrifying radiations began to revolve around his body. It felt as if the air and space itself were boiling and decaying.

"W-wait! I was just following my orders! T-The Empress, she will not forgive you if you do something to me!" Green Claw’s body stumbled back, cold sweat soon drenching his clothes.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...