Chapter 485: The Last Kiss (FINAL!!)

Corpse Explosion...

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!

It was like a chain reaction, just as the corpses of all the white-clothed men exploded, the finger and fist exploded at once.

An enormous cloud of extreme destructive energy spread, swallowing everything up.

The ground disappeared, the sky filled with cracks, and all that was visible was destruction.

The Quartz continent and a big land around it completely disappeared, leaving behind an enormous hole thousands of meters deep.

Yennefer, who was still quite far away, was blown back, though she didn’t get injured.

Trees all over were pulled off and flew away, the attack was stopped but it was still very deadly.

Vritra was directly hit by so much energy, even his Suck! Suck! Suck! couldn’t do anything.

All his protective layers broke one after another.

Although because of his Divine Physique, his body remained intact, this energy hit more than just the body.

There was only destruction for a couple of minutes and finally things began to subside as the energy dissipated.

Vritra lay thousands of meters deep inside the pit, his body covered in countless cracks as if he was falling apart.

The Titan Fall had finally stopped but...

Vritra was no longer breathing, his hearts stopped thumping as every sign of life disappeared.

His body was still getting scorched by the mess of destructive energy, seeping inside slowly.

His eyes were closed, wind breezing past him...

The war had finally come to an end, although Vritra managed to protect his family, but against overwhelmingly powerful beings, even he couldn’t survive.

Yasmine had survived but she too received some damage, falling into slumber, yet the broken connection still made her heart ache.

She could feel the eternal separation.

[Initial condition met.]

[You have died.]

[Obtained the Scroll of Novar.]

Suddenly a scroll began to float on top of Vritra’s corpse, glowing brightly.

...

Sir Giant, Han, Sloth, and many other survivors looked in bafflement at the disbelieving sight.

"T- That... what was that just now? Wasn’t it the God’s Punishment?" one of the remaining Phoenix Emperors mumbled.

"Yeah, but did that demon use the other attack?! He had that kind of power?" Oracle spoke in bafflement.

"Surely, he must have died right?" Red asked, he was still frightened.

After all, Vritra must still believe that Vanessa had died because of him. They had kidnapped her and tried to blackmail him.

Even though it was all just a setup, and he didn’t even know where Vanessa was.

"Yeah he must already be dead." Sir Giant sighed, again wondering if these so-called gods were truly the good ones.

If the people had not been shifted in advance and the God’s Punishment was launched, would they have stopped to protect all the population?

Or just slaughtered them all to kill one person.

"Let’s go and check, we have to make sure he is dead. Otherwise it will all be for naught." Oracle said.

He was sure that even if Vritra wasn’t dead, he would at least be in a very bad shape, so he wouldn’t be so dangerous.

"That’s enough, we have already done enough, let’s just leave." Sir Giant didn’t want to get involved in this one-sided fight anymore.

"Sir, we have to do it, otherwise who knows what he will do in the future if he were to survive.

He surely hates everyone, if he somehow survived, then he would slaughter everyone, even kids..." Red added, too afraid to go there without Sir Giant.

"Sigh, that was the God’s Punishment. Whoever it is locked on will surely die even if they somehow escape from all that energy."

Sir Giant shook his head, getting to his feet.

After drinking various sorts of top healing potions, most of them were in a better condition, though not good enough for another fight anytime soon.

"But sir, we will see and leave, nothing else definitely!! Don’t forget it is still your duty to remove any future danger as a member of the Golden Moon.

If you help one last time, then you can leave the organization." Oracle said.

All of them urged, and Sir Giant finally had to give in.

It was just to see it, there was a high chance that there wasn’t even a corpse left.

Soon all of them flew towards the place where Cloud City was located.

Within moments they arrived, shocked at the condition of the whole place. Everything had been obliterated.

"T- There!! Vritra’s body didn’t get destroyed despite all that, just what sort of physique does he possess?" Pointing at Vritra’s corpse, someone mumbled.

"Hmm, but what is that scroll floating above him?" Han pointed and questioned.

"W- Whatever that is, we have to make sure he is dead, let’s attack him together!" Oracle suggested, just the sight of Vritra made him shiver in fear.

"ENOUGH!" Sir Giant glared at them all. Vritra was clearly dead, there was no point in doing anything more.

WHOOSH

A strong gust of wind breezed past them, and then Yennefer appeared before Vritra.

With a thud she fell to her knees, staring at him with an empty gaze, her heart nearly stopping.

"She... Should we kill her?" the Phoenix Emperor spoke.

"Try it!!" Yennefer turned her gaze, madness and extreme bloodlust making them shiver.

She wanted to kill everyone, destroy everything, as the feeling of hollowness consumed her.

She couldn’t even process any emotions, intense pain building in her chest.

"Leave!" Sir Giant said, looking at them, and finally all of them had no choice but to leave.

Within moments, everyone but Sir Giant and Han had left.

"Y- Yennefer, I–" Han took a step forward, feeling sad seeing her look so broken.

But she didn’t even look back, pulling Vritra close to her with trembling hands as her gaze became blurry with tears.

"You too." Sir Giant said, patting Han’s shoulder.

"..." Han looked at her for a few moments before finally turning and flying away.

"..." Sir Giant sighed, seeing the previously cold and heartless woman filled with sadness and grief.

"I am sorry..." In the end, that’s all he could say before leaving the two alone.

His strength was just insignificant; nothing he could do against the plans those mighty beings had created.

He knew from the start that Vritra wasn’t a bad person, that’s why he didn’t fight properly from the start.

But he was just there to avoid their wrath.

Finally, only Yennefer and Vritra were left in a seemingly endless pit.

Warm tears rolled down her cheeks, falling over Vritra’s face as she stared at him, denying the reality.

There was no way that her love could be separated from her just like that, it felt like a sick nightmare.

But feeling his cold skin against her, the motionless body in her arms, Yennefer was filled with endless rage.

What had he even done to deserve any of this? Called into this world without his permission.

Then going through so much pain, facing death again and again, while he just wanted to survive, to live with his family.

She wanted to slaughter all beings, the gods, fate itself.

"Husband..." she hugged him tighter, sobbing and begging just so everything could change, just so he could come back to life.

But there was nothing now that could be done. Even if she somehow reversed time, she couldn’t protect him.

As the reality started sinking in, Yennefer drowned in sadness, crying loudly as her twisted voice reverberated.

She kept calling out to him but there was no response. He wouldn’t call her Yenni again, he wouldn’t hug her back no matter how much she called him.

Yennefer felt incomplete, unable to imagine her life without the one person she loved the most.

For more than an hour, she just kept crying, sobbing with Vritra in her arms.

"T- There sob has to be some way, Null... I have to use that." Her control over Null was nowhere as good as Vritra’s.

Since it wasn’t her field, if she tried it her life might just be in danger.

Then she finally noticed something floating above them. She pulled the scroll and read it.

Her eyes brightened up, then dimmed. She clutched it tightly and then turned to Vritra.

"Husband, I will save you no sob matter w- what..." Slowly she got to her feet, hugging Vritra tightly as she flew away.

This scroll was from the Divine. If what was written is really true, then she just might be able to revive him.

But Yennefer was still grief-stricken, since still they wouldn’t be together, but she would still choose this option no matter how many times she had to make this choice.

After following the direction given on the scroll, she soon arrived in front of a cave, far away from the Quartz Continent.

Heading inside, she kept walking for hours. And finally, a bright door appeared in front of her; it was a sort of portal.

Yennefer hurriedly passed through it, and only saw a large pit in front of her.

Just as instructed, she threw the scroll into the pit and waited, her arms tightly wrapped around Vritra.

Within moments, a milky-coloured liquid started filling it up and soon the large pit was full of that liquid.

"Husband, maybe not in this life, but we will definitely be together in all our next lives. And don’t get yourself in danger again, also let me keep my status as your fifth wife."

While speaking softly to him, Yennefer slowly began to walk into the milky fluid.

The touch of the fluid made her feel extreme pain as the body touched with that fluid began to disintegrate her body.

"I love you, husband, and always will." Softly pressing her lips against his, Yennefer shared her last kiss.

Before finally the two got swallowed by it.

And together, their bodies faded away...

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...