Chapter 605 Ill

Without saying a word, Vritra just began to torture two of the lords, giving them no chance to even speak.

He created tiny dust monsters, using them to crawl inside their bodies from all over.

Their skin was torn as the tiny monsters, which looked like ants, suddenly brightened up and became extremely hot.

The eyes of the two were slowly torn to pieces, their screams made all the others shiver with fear.

But without paying any attention, Vritra continued to increase the level of torture.

The most frightened in the group was of course Red, who knew very well that this guy was none other than Vritra, that terrifying demon.

'Fuck fuck and I thought I had managed to survive, how the hell did he return from the dead? Ughh I should never have participated in that war, please someone save me!!'

He screamed in his head, terrified as the torture made him remember how ruthless Vritra was.

Before long the two men were dead, their bodies had turned into something unrecognizable.

And what terrified them even more was that just as their souls were escaping, even that was devoured by a terrifying chimera.

'Isn't that the chimera that Oracle used in that war? How did he get it?' Red thought fearfully, further making him believe that this guy was none other than Vritra.

"Alright, so who wants to go next?" Vritra asked as he looked at the group.

"P- Please we are ready to answer all your questions so just ask and spare us. We have never offended you." One of the lords in the group said fearfully.

"Yeah well that's true, you never offended me. But he did, and you are all going to suffer just because of him."

Vritra said as he suddenly pointed towards Red, who shivered as cold sweat ran down his body.

Everyone glared at him instantly, wanting to beat him up.

"Anyway, what I want to know is, do any of you know anything about that sudden change? Those spores, that transformation?" he asked and patiently looked over them, before adding:

"The one to answer will not suffer."

"…" They all fell silent for a moment, looking at each other.

"S- Sir we really don't know anything about that, our Twilight isn't behind any of that." One of the men finally spoke, and the others nodded instantly.

"I don't believe you, if you don't answer then one of you will die each time I repeat the question."

 Vritra said and threw one in the distance, as once again screams filled the area.

"So now, any of you know?" Vritra asked, his arms crossed over his chest.

"…Believe us, we k- know absolutely nothing, we are just as clueless as you. D- Didn't you see many of our members had already become those monsters?" another added.

"Wrong answer." Vritra shook his head and threw another member away.

Now two men were getting tortured.

"Now, tell me." He repeated the question and waited.

…

The process repeated for a while, not one of them could answer him. Because of fear, some did make up answers but they couldn't fool Vritra.

After seventeen of them had died, Vritra finally turned to look at Red, who was trembling.

"Yo Red, I heard you have been doing good in the Twilight, don't you want me to join your group anymore?" Vritra asked with a faint smile on his face.

"Uh- N- No sir, who am I to make you join my group hehe that was just a misunderstanding. I never meant to o- offend you, it was all because of that Oracle-"

Red muttered, like before there was still no skin over his body.

"Heh throwing the blame on the dead, not bad. Oh right, where is that clone man of yours?" Vritra asked, that person could be a bit useful.

"H- Him? I know where he is, c- can you spare me if I tell you?" Red asked pitifully, he really had no way out here otherwise.

"Negotiation? haha" Vritra chuckled, then he instructed Psyche to take possession of his body momentarily.

"Wha- ughh" Red instantly grimaced, as Psyche took control of his body.

"Master…" Psyche spoke.

"Check his memory and find the location of that clone guy." Vritra said, while thinking.

'It seems these guys really have nothing to do with this evolution. Sigh this doesn't seem to be natural either, haa Divine why won't you answer.'

"Master I have found it." Psyche said and told Vritra about it.

And Vritra instantly sent this piece of information to Onest, telling him to steal this ability.

Previously, Onest could temporarily copy others' abilities but once he became a lord he could even steal others' abilities.

And the ability to clone even the abilities and memories was actually quite good.

"Alright, I am on it." Onest excitedly replied from the other side.

As Psyche left, Red screamed in terror, fully aware of the type of fate that awaited him.

"Alright, let me torture this pig a little, you should go out now." Vritra looked at his wives who were standing silently and said.

Vanessa and the others glared at Red.

"We should also take our revenge against him." Yasmine said as violent flames burst out, enveloping Red's body, burning him.

Fiona, Diana and Vanessa also began to attack him violently, showing no mercy at all.

"Just leave him alive, even if barely." Vritra could feel their suppressed anger, so he didn't stop them.

After several minutes of attacks, when it really felt Red was about to die, Vritra stopped them and soon after cursing him they left.

"Now, how would you like to die?" Vritra smiled as he stared at the barely alive figure before him.

"S- Spa… me-" Red spoke in a broken voice, feeling so much pain but even suicide was not an option.

Without wasting any words, Vritra poured some healing potion and waited until he was healed and started the second round of torture.

Again and again, he would heal him just to break him even more brutally.

Over two hours had passed and finally Red died, suffering such extreme torture, he regretted his choices again and again.

Begging for quick death.

"Sigh now how do I deal with the trouble outside?" Vritra rubbed his forehead and left the dimensional book.

Upon arriving outside he found five of his wives standing together.

Teresa was here too.

"Tess, are you done?" Vritra asked, this beautiful wife of his was truly such a genius.

"Yes, husband. I am done, these things can not only stop the ice but even the spores. Unless something drastic happens, we can control the damage." Teresa replied with a smile on her face.

She seemed really tired.

"You have worked really hard, are you hungry?" Vritra patted her head, more than the device he was concerned about her.

"Mhmm a little bit, haa let's set it up first." Teresa said weakly and explained how he could use it.

Vritra took the disc-like device which seemed like a toy and was amazed at her capability once again.

If he could provide enough energy, this thing could cover the entire planet and stop the snow and spores, even removing the ones that had already fallen to the ground.

"Okay, let me set this up and then we will eat toge-" Vritra walked towards the window as he spoke but suddenly Teresa fainted, her soft body falling towards the floor.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...