Chapter 740 Respectful Judge

Vritra stood up, then walked forward, standing on the opposite side of the world-famous advocate PetoPhil.

"Hmm? Are you an advocate? I have never seen you before." PetoPhil asked, curiously looking at Vritra.

"No, I will be fighting for my own case-" before he could finish, the advocate burst into loud laughter.

To the point that he started to cry, for a few minutes he just couldn't control himself.

"Hahaha Y- You mean to say, you are going to stand against me, the greatest PetoPhil?

You? Pfftt, it's like bullying a kid, what's even the point of this trial anymore, honorable man just announce it as my victory." He spoke in extreme arrogance.

"…We will see about that." Vritra just rolled his eyes, this guy might be the best lawyer there is but if the judge had already made her decision what can he even do?

"Stop playing around and explain your cases!!" one of the dark clothed men shouted, interrupting PetoPhil.

"Ah yes yes, please forgive me, I lost my composure there for a moment, it was just too hilarious."

The dwarf lawyer wiped tears from his eyes then looked back at the gods.

"Don't worry, your investment in me won't be wasted, this case is as good as ours, there is absolutely nothing to worry about.

If I lose, you can do whatever you want, even make me eat dog shit and I wouldn't refuse hahaha."

Hearing PetoPhil's confident voice, the gods felt even better, thankfully they had prepared for such scenarios in advance.

They had gotten a bit worried by Vritra's claim about a mole among the ten of them but now everything would be fine.

"COUGH As a professional lawyer, I will start first so my unprofessional friend could learn a thing or two." PetoPhil spoke then looked at the judge.

Evelyn's emotionless eyes focused on him as she nodded and spoke: "You may start."

"Thank you, let's not drag it too much, let me summarize it.

These ten people, the residents of the Zoratian planet, had sneaked into the third game of Zitorge planet.

Then they disrupted the game several times, committed several mass murders, killed most of the players, helped the World Bank's protectors to sneak in and make a mess of the game.

They have caused several more problems as you can see in this document."

After speaking, he gave the page to one of the dark clothed men who quickly glanced at it and then passed it to Evelyn.

Then Evelyn read the document and looked back at the proud lawyer.

"These ten have won the game, they even kidnapped one of the players and turned him into a puppet.

The game has been completely ruined and so many resources wasted, it would take too much time and resources to conduct the games again, but now with so many of the players of Zitorge planet dead, it wouldn't be fair to them."

He took a brief pause, a confident smile on his face, his voice was slow but loud.

All the people in the courtroom who heard these allegations instantly looked at Vritra's group with unfriendly gazes.

But they still had to listen to the other side so they still couldn't be completely sure.

"For such heinous crimes, I beg you to give the ten of them the harshest punishment, so terrifying that even their souls aren't spared, make them suffer to set an example among everyone. That is all I had to say, thank you."

PetoPhil bowed then took a couple of steps back, he smirked towards Vritra, feeling very proud and giving him a challenging look.

"I see, now then Vritra Arclis, what do you have to say for yourself?" Evelyn asked after noting something.

"Why does that name sound so familiar?" the baby god pulled out his candy and scratched his head.

"Isn't that the name of the next Divine? The guy who had supposedly died by the god's punishment, how is he still alive?!!" the book god spoke in utter shock.

All ten of them were quite baffled, no one of his strength should have survived an attack like that, their body, mind, soul, everything would be gone for good.

"So, Divine really was behind this all!!"

They were only highly doubtful about this before but now they were all 100% sure, and suddenly Vritra's importance increased in their eyes.

Using everything they have, they had to kill this threat before he got out of their league.

Because of their shameful memory with Divine just now where he beat all ten up, they didn't mention it to their lawyer.

But now they had to mention it to make their case even stronger. Divine is a criminal, and anyone associated with him will also be killed.

This trial was truly going to be over very quickly it seemed, but before that they had to inform PetoPhil about this important matter.

The gods decided quickly and gestured toward PetoPhil, calling him closer.

"…" PetoPhil gestured at them back to wait, he needed to listen to Vritra to make fun of him.

"We are from the Zoratian planet, and a few months ago there appeared something that began to change everything.

The weather and even the humans, only later did I find out that it was because these gods had joined hands with some of these players and tried to cancel the competition in advance."

Vritra paused then added: "So we had no choice but to do this to protect ourselves and the planet."

"Hmm PetoPhil, what do you have to say about this? Do you have any evidence to prove them wrong? If not you'll be declared lost." Evelyn spoke quickly.

"H- Huh?" PetoPhil was taken aback, he was completely speechless and wondered if he had missed something.

"S- Shouldn't they be the ones to prove it first and then I prove that they are wrong?" he spoke in a strange tone.

'No way she is siding with those random humans right? Yeah, she is a respectful judge and a higher being, there is no way she would be partial.' PetoPhil thought, taking a deep breath to calm himself.

Evelyn frowned, but before she could speak, Vritra spoke:

"We do have a witness, please allow me to present him."

"You can." Evelyn looked straight into his eyes, the corner of her lips rising ever so slightly.

She was barely holding herself from just jumping into his arms, but she needed to take care of this first.

Asmodeus stood up, he was a pretty confident guy, even while being stared at by everyone he didn't falter and walked forward to stand.

"Tell everyone what had happened." Vritra said.

"Yes, the other players made a deal with the gods. In return for weakening the Zoratian planet in advance so we can easily win the 4th game, they were paid with heavy prices." Asmodeus spoke, his voice full of confidence.

"I see, so the gods did that. After seeing all evidence and the witness, I have made my decision and I am punishing the-" Evelyn began to pass her judgment.

PetoPhil almost staggered back, what was even going on? She was going to pass judgment just after listening to a witness?

What if he is just lying? He wondered if Evelyn was…

No, no way, she is a higher being, she wouldn't do that after all, respect matters a great deal to them.

Many higher beings have lost their lives, everything they owned just for their reputation, it was one of the most precious things for them all if not the most.

"Wait, honorable ma'am, please allow me to ask some questions and prove he is lying. I also have evidence to prove that we are right."

"Hmph, interrupting me in the middle of speaking, is this what you are taught? As punishment, you will be doing a handstand the entire time and will be whipped a hundred times whether you win or lose." Evelyn announced and color drained from PetoPhil's face.

"S- Sorry, I didn't mean any disrespect- sigh…" he knew, it was pointless to argue further.

And seeing the piercing gaze of the black clothed men, he knew there was no other choice.

With slight difficulty, he turned upside down and performed a handstand, then he walked towards Asmodeus and asked:

"Can I begin questioning now?"

"You can." Clicking her tongue, Evelyn added, she really wanted this trial to end quickly so she could meet him.

"COUGH- COUGH COUGH" PetoPhil was trying to clear his throat but because of his position, he broke into a violent cough.

"Sorry, so Asmodeus, you said gods were paid a heavy price. Can you tell me exactly what they received or what you players can even offer the gods that they already wouldn't have or can't get themselves? Do you have any proof of your words?"

He asked, fighting a trial while doing a handstand was not easy.

"I-" Asmodeus didn't know what to say as he literally knew nothing about the deal.

"Well that proves how much truth was in your words. Can you tell me, did you go along with these humans on your own or were you abducted?" PetoPhil asked further.

"On my own of course, why would they need to force me?" Asmodeus quickly spoke.

"Haha you are a bad liar, Mr. Asmodeus, in the video here, you clearly don't seem to like their company. You were clearly getting abducted."

PetoPhil played the video in which Vritra and Asmodeus had met for the first time and he was dragged along the group.

"I- I was just playing around, that means nothin-" Asmodeus tried to make some excuse but he was no match for this lawyer.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading…