Chapter 254: Spanking Ritual~

"I need to taste you again. Why are you pushing me away now? How can I make you trust me?" Diana let out all her thoughts at once, not caring about her image as the goddess.

"Oh, but didn’t you hate doing all that? And I don’t understand, can you be more clear about what you need?" Vritra asked, looking as if he might just leave at any moment.

"I- I want to do lewd things with you, more than what we did the last time. You already know what I mean, why are you making me wait like this then? I want you to put that delicious milk in my belly f- from below..." Diana spoke, her cheeks and ears turning red.

She had read a couple of secretive books which opened her horizons.

"But—" Vritra was just about to speak, but the goddess interrupted him:

"I really, really want it, please do naughty things to me. Enter me and make love to me..." Diana became as direct as she could, even though she could feel her face burning in shame. Saying such things as a goddess felt like a big taboo.

"But you—" Vritra tried to speak, but the goddess interrupted him once again. She was really afraid that, just to train her, he would make her starve for even longer.

"H- Here, I came prepared." Diana bit her lip and, ignoring the embarrassment, she unhooked her dress from behind then pulled the chain, displaying a part of her sexy black lingerie.

"!!" Vritra stared at Diana, who was trying to seduce him, in shock. It seemed she was more desperate than he expected.

Without giving Vritra any time to speak, Diana turned and leaned forward slightly, making a lewd pose as she displayed her thick sexy thighs and half-covered ass to him.

"D- Don’t you want to spank me?" she asked in a sultry tone, looking back at him with a pleading look while staying in the same pose.

Looking at that juicy milky ass, Vritra had the urge to slap it and feel that soft sensation against his palm, then watch it jiggle.

"...No, I don’t want to." Vritra said as he tore his gaze away from that sexy sight and looked into her eyes.

After a moment, her lips curled up and she spoke: "If you don’t want to, then hmm~ why is your hand already on my body?"

Vritra glanced down and saw his right hand was already grasping her ass cheek. Feeling her smooth skin and the softness of her flesh, he gave a light squeeze and wondered when his hand moved or when he came forward.

"Can I really trust you?" Vritra pulled his hand back and looked deeply into her eyes. With Nihil-Anima locking onto her soul, he could sense whether she was lying or not, not to mention the sin messages that would tell if she was deceiving him.

"Yes, I have absolutely no thoughts of harming you, Vanessa, or Fiona. I want to be a part of the family too. Even in the future, I will do my best to be worthy of being with you." Diana said as she stood up straight, a strong resolution in her eyes.

’She isn’t lying. Seems like the goddess has really changed.’ Vritra thought. The training he had given her had finally completed—Diana had completely been tamed now.

"Now, tell me what you want. And are you really okay with doing it at this place?" Vritra said. He had already covered the surrounding with a barrier and made sure there was no one around.

His soul wraiths were guarding the area from all around, just in case.

Taking a deep breath, the goddess spoke: "I want to get intimate with you, have an even deeper relation, and I feel like this is the perfect place. I can still remember the last time we were here, and the cold air feels really nice... as long as no one is around."

"Alright then..." Vritra glanced one last time at the mountain, then fixed his attention on the goddess who anxiously waited for him.

She felt really happy that this was finally going to happen. She had been waiting for him so desperately, and Diana knew Vritra was knowingly starving her.

Vritra approached the goddess as the two floated in the air. He took out a bed from his inventory and made it hover in the air. This sort of experience was truly very unique.

Then he gestured at her to get on the bed. Diana nodded and climbed onto the bed, then sat there while lightly biting her lip. She was already feeling hot despite the cold wind blowing around.

"From a succubus to a goddess, hubby, you sure are progressing fast." Yasmine chuckled, but she did feel jealous of the goddess. If only she could take her place.

’The end goal is the Dragon Queen...’ he said, while removing his clothes and throwing them away, making them float in the air with dust.

Diana looked at him with a lustful expression on her face, her eyes roaming over his body as he removed all the clothes, displaying his muscles.

’Haa S- So delicious, I want to bite him...’ Diana thought, drooling at the sight of his perfect body.

Then Vritra came close to Diana and gently began to remove her clothes while she cooperated. It was like he was peeling the cover of the most delicious dish in the world; the sight and scent were mouthwatering.

Slowly, more and more of her milky skin came into view, and within a few moments the goddess was completely naked. Despite feeling the embarrassment, she didn’t try to hide herself.

"Before we start, shall we do our spanking ritual? Though if you don’t like it then we can just start—" Vritra said, gazing down at her luscious body.

"NO, it is my punishment and I am ready to repent, so please hit me hard..." Diana said as she sat on all fours and pointed her back at him. It was such a shameful position, he could clearly see everything.

"Okay, then get ready." Vritra said as he rubbed his palms together. Since the goddess loved rough and domineering sex, then that was exactly what she would get.

Of course, he didn’t plan to hurt her actually.

Raising his right hand, Vritra gave a hard slap to her round ass. As his hand hit her fair buttery skin and sank slightly into the soft flesh, her ass cheek jiggled beautifully after the slap.

SLAP

"Ahhhhhh~" Diana let out a loud moan, a strong current running through her entire body. There was a little pain, but for some reason, she loved getting spanked by him.

SLAP SLAP SLAP...

Vritra spanked both her ass cheeks one after another, enjoying the sensation and her loud moans. Only after her butt had turned red did he stop. Diana fell forward softly and breathed heavily, the goddess was in such a lewd state.

Her whole body had already turned sensitive.

Vritra rolled her over, and without giving her any time to register, he pulled her legs apart and brought his face close to her vagina. Her soft petals were already glistening with love juices.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...