Chapter 753 The Back-to-Back Surprises

Ava froze upon seeing the person who was holding the necklace, her eyes widened in shock.

So the necklace wasn't the real surprise, but it was him! Her son had returned!!

"ART!" Ava threw the dress away hugging Vritra, a big smile on her face and eyes teary.

She even forgot about her husband upon seeing her son return, she took a step back to look over him and make sure he wasn't injured.

"I am back." Vritra said, smiling faintly.

It was a nice welcome.

"This is wonderful, I am so so happy! Husband, let's throw a party right away, no we need to prepare first, let's throw the party t- tomorrow night." Ava was so excited that her hands were shaking and she stuttered.

"Don't worry, I won't be going anywhere for now. So we will have a lot of time for such parties." Vritra said, as he held her hands.

"But first, I want you to meet so-" Vritra continued but was interrupted by Ava.

"But where is my daughter in law? Teresa? Didn't she go with you?" she asked.

Gunter slapped his forehead, in his hurry he had completely forgotten that his son is now married and has a wife.

He had dragged Art to this place as soon as he saw him, not even asking about that big house or anything else.

"She is outside-" right as Vritra answered, seven women entered the room.

The sight surprised both Gunter and Ava, they obviously recognized some of the faces.

Like the famous Dragon Empress, Yasmine, and other empresses such as Fiona, Yennefer, Diana and Vanessa.

Maeve too though she was not an empress, and at last their daughter in law, Teresa.

Gunter could not see her face, he only saw as if it was blurry but Ava for the first time saw her face.

And she was stunned, all of the seven of them were extremely beautiful, but Teresa stood out a little even among such beauties.

She knew right away it was her daughter in law.

But why were all the others here? They knew Art had good relations with all these influential ladies.

They had even showed their support towards Art in that marriage of the Ford family.

The questioning gaze of the couple moved to Vritra, not really speaking, but waiting for his explanation.

"Oh, as you might already know, this is Yasmine, Fiona, Diana, Maeve-" but before he could complete the basic intro, he was interrupted by Ava.

"Son, I do know them all, but uh…" she didn't know how to ask why they are here without sounding rude.

These women were all powerful and influential and unlike the stupid Sakshi who now lay dead in two pieces, Ava was well aware that she can't offend some people.

"Hello mother." Teresa greeted, even though Vritra is not exactly their son but he is in a way Art.

And she was already calling them that so she didn't find it strange.

"Welcome back Teresa, you look lovely." Ava said, she didn't get close to Teresa, remembering that because of some reason a touch could be fatal for her.

Seeing such considerations, Teresa smiled, this really felt like a family.

Vanessa who saw Ava calling Vritra her son, didn't really mind.

If she really wanted the role of the mother that badly then she can take it, Vanessa wanted to be the mother of his children anyway.

"COUGH These seven are all my wives." Clearing his throat, Vritra told them.

Wondering how the two would react.

"Ah your wives? How wonderful, someone, quickly bring something to dr-" Gunter clasped his hands and nodded, since they were his son's wives, they needed to be treated with respect and needed proper hospitality.

But there was something wrong here?

"Wait, all seven of them are your wives? Since when?!" Ava asked, as she received the second biggest surprise of the day.

"Uh… Actually, Tess is my seventh wife and Yasmine is my first wife." Vritra said, clearing his throat, it did sound very strange.

Gunter glanced at the seven daughters in law and wiped an imaginary tear, patting Vritra's shoulder as he muttered.

"My son, you have really grown up, I am proud of you. You have inherited the great taste in women from your father."

He really seemed very proud of his son, Art, these were all the top women on this planet.

Not just in power and influence but even in terms of beauty and his son had made them all his wives, how could he not be proud.

"Wait wait, it's not the time for that, you married all seven?! And you all are okay with it?" pulling her husband's hand, she pushed him back and questioned.

Then gazed at the seven women.

"Yes." All of them nodded at the same time.

"Son, are you really sure about this? Can you really take care of them all?" Ava asked seriously, she loved her son and trusted him but didn't want him to turn into a scumbag.

Who plays with others' feelings, especially such women who give themselves completely to their man, it would be really awful.

She really didn't want Art to turn out like that, even if she trusts him fully.

"Yes, I am sure. We have been together for quite some time and I love them a lot, we would never be separated." Vritra said looking at her seriously.

"…" Ava remained silent for a few moments, seeing the intense emotions towards his wives in his eyes and nodded.

So his son really was serious for them all, and since the seven didn't have a problem with it, then what can they do?

It's not like this was a forbidden thing, quite a few people marry many women.

"Well if that's how it is, then great, I will be getting a lot of grandchildren it seems." Ava said, all her worries were washed away and she was happy again.

But as she gazed at the seven women, Ava realized that most of them were older than even herself.

Won't this make their relationship strange?

"Ah now that you mention grandchildren, I have something else to add." Vritra remembered as he took Yasmine's hand and pulled her forward.

"My wifey is pregnant with my child, it has already been over a month." He announced.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +2}

{Sin Point Gained: Frozen +2}

{Sin Point Gained: Bewildered +2}

...

And thus, Ava received yet another big surprise of the day, the 3rd already.

Her eyes widened again, as she looked at her son's face and then at Yasmine who had a beautiful smile on her face.

'M- My son is going to be a father? I am going to be a grandma already?!' Ava thought as she looked at her husband.

And Gunter seemed just as shocked, he too couldn't believe that he was gonna be a grandfather.

Vritra wondered if he should give her a few more surprises, but felt those matters might be too much for her to handle so he kept quiet.

"This is such a great news!! Congrats my son and my 1st daughter in law! We are going to organize a very big party as soon as possible!" Ava seemed extremely happy now.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios