Chapter 391: The trio

On top of a building, an old man with white hair and a slumped body was standing, gazing at the distant buildings.

Beside him stood several men of varied age.

The old man was none other than Pink, one of the Six Seats from the Golden Moon but a demon in hiding.

And right now, he was standing among the leaders of the Bone Blood Cult.

Since this was an organisation made of lunatics, it needed a strong suppressive leader to keep them controlled.

Kryn was the leader of the Grieves and everyone knew that just because of him, countless of their kind have survived and even made several big movements.

While the leader of the Bone Blood Cult, named Red, used his overwhelming strength to keep everyone on leash.

Red stood beside the old man; there was no skin on his body, and red flesh was visible directly.

It was said that he was a kid that the previous leader of the Bone Blood Cult had brought and tortured to an extreme level until he became twisted, and finally after a long time, Red killed the leader and devoured his flesh with delight.

He could have healed but Red still kept his body condition like that since it made him look more oppressive and dangerous.

"Old man, have you found out anything about Vritra?" Red asked.

’Even though the kid’s strength is low right now, he was the centre of all the chaos and might prove useful in the future.’

Red usually remained calm but once he got into a fight, he would turn into a mindless beast.

"Yes, you already know he was brought to this world by a ritual in the small kingdom called Dunshire in the Topaz universe.

I heard he came here with his mother, and the two are very close. Aside from that, the Goddess Diana might also be with him and a classmate of his called Fiona."

The old man replied; finding this much information about Vritra wasn’t difficult.

"Anything else?" Red asked. All other men from the Bone Blood Cult were kneeling behind the two, waiting for any orders.

The stench of blood in the air was high.

"Hmm, well I heard he is here in Ghazi city, that’s all I found." Pink added, pulling his white hair and ripping them away from his head.

"I can sense that the decisive battle is getting close. We just need a catalyst; if things go right then I will be able to tear apart Darius with my own hands."

Red muttered; he loved nothing more than bloodshed, casualties, and disasters.

"Is there a way to find his family?" Red asked, after calming himself.

"Well we can try to find the general location but actually finding them might be impossible."

The old man answered; if he had the ability to find Vritra’s family, then he would have done so already.

"Hmm, general location is good enough; this will work. We just need to lure Vritra out, and we will start sowing discord among all others.

Anyway, for now try to find anything related to his family, anything even a piece of nail or hair as soon as possible." Red ordered before turning around and breaking apart into a bloody mist.

’I wonder what this lunatic is planning now but it certainly aligns with us, demons’ plans. But finding that would be difficult.’

While deep in thoughts, he jumped off the building and disappeared as well.

While finding this info his next goal was the Nine Pacts. All over the continent, a deadly storm was slowly brewing.

***

Maeve flew towards Vritra, using less than 5% of her strength, she still believed that her idea was better.

Taking a long breath, Vritra stood without raising his guard, letting the demoness’s punch collide with his chest directly.

His body was instantly blasted back. The gap between a demon lord and even a general is enormous; just one attack could annihilate several generals.

"Oh, are you alright?" Maeve worriedly flew towards Vritra, who landed on the ground with a loud boom.

But instead of any painful expression, there was a frown on his face as he stared into the empty air. Despite that powerful punch, the meter of the Charged Fist was still at 0.

Though his clothes barely seemed to be holding up.

"Is that the best you can do? Give me 30% of your full strength and don’t pull your punch this time."

Vritra said in an emotionless tone; rather than getting hit he was in the mood to beat someone up badly and take all his anger out.

But where exactly were the targets?

"Heh, you asked for it, here I come." Maeve announced, feeling reassured.

A deadly pinkish energy began to gather near her fist; she was using pure physical strength without any special skills right now.

Kicking the air, a loud sonic boom resounded as the slender arm flew at lightning speed; another deadly blow landed straight at Vritra’s chest, instantly ripping his upper body clothes completely.

BOOOOM!

The surrounding trees swung and a few were pulled off the ground, dust and rubble flying all over as a big crater appeared at the place Vritra was standing.

While his body was thrown back, hitting and breaking apart one tree after another.

Despite his almost perfect defence, he can’t handle that level of power, at least not without using demonic form.

Only after travelling more than a kilometre was he finally able to take control of his body; Maeve was once again worried that she had used too much power.

But when she got closer, she found Vritra standing calmly, though his clothes were in tatters, there wasn’t so much as a scratch on his body.

’Hoo, look at those muscles, his skin looks softer than mine...’ the fox demon was once again lost in her imagination while Vritra stared at the panel.

[Charged Fist: 0.02%]

’That’s quite low, anyway let’s keep going and see how powerful it actually is.’ Vritra thought, but as he was about to speak Maeve landed in front of him.

{Sin Point Gained: Drooled over +1}

"You should wear this outfit; it won’t be easily torn no matter how many times you get hit, uh but don’t wear it right now." She spoke, after all she wanted to keep looking at the picturesque body.

"Okay, anyway, increase the strength to 100% this time." Vritra said. The outfit was a battle suit in black colour; it seemed to be made of quite precious treasures.

"Uhm... are you sure? Although it is just physical attack, but that would still be very dangerous." Maeve warned, pulling her gaze away with difficulty and looking at his face.

"Do it." He said.

***

Some distance away in the same forest, three people could be seen walking around cautiously as if they were hiding and running from someone.

It was none other than One-Eyed Demon Lord, Fratty, and Trall.

The demon general and his two underlings, the same ones who had been responsible to destroy the city outside the continent.

But had forgotten the button in the middle of the forest, which was later pressed by Shitless.

After their countless failures and getting beaten up by the human general, Sirius, they were thrown out by their lord.

And their lord even ordered their execution if they were seen in his territory, calling the three utter embarrassment; the lord was made fun of because of these three among the other lords.

"You damned bastards, it’s all because of you two that I am in this condition right now." The one-eyed demon general was floating mere inches from the ground, with his back hunched.

"S- Sorry general, please forgive us sob we just wanted to give you a s- surprise. I- If you want you can cut off our heads and then use our skulls to drink wine."

Fratty said, as he hurriedly followed behind the lord; the fat on his body kept jiggling.

"Yes general, we don’t even know which bastard secretly pressed that button and saved all those people.

If no one had done that then it would have even exploded automatically after a while and all the people would be dead already." Trall said, fearfully flapping his bat-like wings.

"Shut up! You useless bastards, because of you I have now turned into a homeless dog. I don’t know which cursed day it was when I decided to accept you two as my underlings."

The one-eyed demon cursed.

"B- But general, I thought w- we were brothers from different mothers... sob if you hate us so much then cut open our bellies and pull out our intestines, then use it as a straw."

Trall said, resigning himself to fate.

"Aghhh These idiots, just keep quiet!!" the demon general shouted, his face twisted and his single eye was filled with tears of frustration.

"..." the three continued to move for a while then Fratty couldn’t stop himself from speaking:

"G- General, can I speak? Can I ask something?"

"Now that the gutter is open, throw out whatever dirt is inside." The demon general growled.

"So where are we going now? Are we to join some other demon lord? Or maybe! So have you decided to retribute against our previous lord and throw him off the throne? That’s perfect- mmph"

Fratty was speaking when the general hurriedly closed his mouth.

"You fuckers!! Do you wish to get me skewered and burned alive by our ex lord?" then he took out a whip and began to hit the two underlings.

The fat one, Fratty’s body was torn while Trall’s bones cracked under the beating.

"Yessss! Oohhhhh~ M- My general ahhhh r- right there~ kiyaaaaah~"

"hnnggggg~ General, p- punish us harder Mmmm~ we deserve it anngggg~"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...