Chapter 593 Stolen Kiss

Jack, after entering the continent, wanted to meet up with Diana and hoped he could find Fiona too.

Now that Vritra was dead, she must finally be out of his hypnosis. She would truly understand his feelings and see his overwhelming strength.

But unfortunately for him, just as he had reached the palace, he heard the news that the empress had disappeared.

Jack continued his search but couldn't find the goddess or Fiona, he could only wait in the capital.

Then the cold disaster struck and he had to go out to get food, and one day he was suddenly thrown into a rift.

When he opened his eyes, he found himself in an underground inheritance with a lot of treasures.

Of course, he had gone through such experiences many times so he wasted no time and started looting.

Later, he was caught by several guards for stealing, and found out it was the treasury of the Ford family.

The zombie girl and Raino were with him too.

Currently, the guards forcefully took away all his glyphs and then Onest used his ability to steal everything from his inventory.

Even his personal stuff was stolen away.

"Stop you bastards, those are just my clothes!!" Jack shouted as not even his clothes were spared.

"Did you find everything inside?" Vritra looked at Rich and questioned.

"Yeah, there is more than he had stolen inside, should I return—" Rich was speaking but was interrupted.

"It's fine, just keep that all, think of it as his compensation."

Then the guards and Rich left, leaving Vritra, Onest, Shitless along with three others.

"What are you doing? M- My stuff!!" Jack stared dazedly as he got looted in broad daylight and then he glared at Vritra.

He was a bit surprised internally to see someone so handsome.

"Who the hell are you? How do you know me—" Jack was just speaking but he suddenly paused as his gaze drifted towards a table not far away.

And there, seated, was none other than his longtime crush, Fiona.

"F- Fiona? Is that really her?" he stared at her in bewilderment, she certainly seemed more grown up and mature.

Not to mention far more beautiful than he remembered, he was completely frozen.

But upon seeing the gorgeous goddess beside Fiona, he became sure that he had finally found the two.

He quickly looked at the other women and didn't recognize Yasmine or Vanessa, while Teresa's face was covered.

Vanessa did seem a bit familiar but she too seemed to have changed so much that he could no longer recognize her.

But none of it mattered, he hurriedly ran towards that table.

Vritra was a bit surprised at first but upon seeing where Jack was headed, his lips curled up.

How could he not torture someone who was begging for it so badly?

Jack paused in front of Fiona and with a massive smile he spoke: "Fiona, I finally found you!!"

Fiona, who was just chatting with others, was startled and her icy gaze landed on a man whose face seemed familiar.

She thought for a few moments, but couldn't really remember, but then seeing those tattoos which were roughly covered up, she remembered.

"Jack?"

"I knew it, you remember me haha I missed you so much, how are you? You missed me too right? I never got to say it before, but I love you so much, what about you?"

In one breath, he said several things, his expression joyful.

He even spread his arms as if he was going to hug her.

Vritra shook his head, this guy was begging to be killed by eyeing his wife.

His body disappeared and he appeared on a seat between Fiona and Diana, there was a black sword in his hand that he extended towards Jack.

"Huh?"

Suddenly feeling something press against his throat, Jack paused mid-motion, his arms still stretched.

His gaze shifted to Vritra.

"It's you again, what do you want now? Get lost, don't interrupt our reunion." Jack shouted angrily, trying to push the sword away but he couldn't even make it budge.

"Oh, do you know her?" Vritra asked, ready to crush his heart again.

"Of course, I love her… and I am sure she reciprocates my feelings. Goddess, you remember me too, right? I am the hero, are you happy to meet me?" his gaze shifted between Fiona and Diana quickly.

Both women looked extremely beautiful, Fiona was his first love but he also liked Diana a bit.

Still, this time he swore he would get Fiona.

But right then, Onest came and pinched his ear, dragging him away.

Vritra watched Jack get pulled away, the show was just beginning.

"What the fuck are you doing ouch ouch who the fuck are you?!!" Jack shouted angrily, his ear was almost torn off.

"Ah sorry sorry, I got the wrong person." Onest chuckled and let go of his ear, then walked away.

Jack was super mad, almost attacked Onest but right now Fiona was more important.

His gaze shifted back towards the table but there was no one now.

"Huh? Where did they go? Was it a dream?" Jack was confused, he even asked Raino about it and confirmed that Fiona was really there.

"Look, Fiona is there." Raino suddenly pointed in a direction, he was shocked at how beautiful Fiona had gotten, and she looked mature too.

She should still be in her early twenties just like them but she was already so graceful.

Jack turned happily, ready to run off but his body froze as he saw the scene before him.

Fiona was right now on the dancing stage where many couples were dancing.

And she was actually dancing with that hateful guy from earlier, Jack instantly felt as if someone was twisting his heart, seeing the two so close.

"No, that bastard I am going to kill him!!" Jack was extremely angry, his face turned red.

On the other side, Vritra held Fiona's hand while his other hand rested on her waist as the two danced slowly to the rhythm.

Their bodies were tightly pressed together, their faces very close.

"Hehe darling, you are so naughty, you sure like making others jealous and stomping on their hearts."

Fiona said softly, she knew what Vritra had planned so she stuck even closer, pressing her body against his.

"His bad for desiring my wife, this is but the start." Vritra said with a smile, then he lowered his head, their faces getting dangerously close.

Seeing this from the distance, Jack almost fainted, he let out a heart-wrenching scream.

How could he just watch some random guy kiss the woman of his dreams, the one he loved for so long?

Watching their faces getting closer was like getting stabbed right in his heart, Jack rushed forward hastily to stop them.

He couldn't understand why Fiona, the woman of his dreams, would do this with a random person at that.

"Right, he must have hypnotized her or something, I have to save her!!" Jack screamed as he rushed forward, he couldn't let his future woman be touched by others.

But suddenly, something smashed into his head and made him fall.

Jack had no time to waste, he tried to get up as his gaze moved towards the dancing stage.

But it was already too late, under his gaze their lips met, as they started kissing softly.

While their lips gently moved, pressing together, Vritra glanced towards Jack.

Fiona just closed her eyes, she didn't really care for Jack, just enjoying kissing her darling.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...