Chapter 630 FireBull

GRRRRR…

"Damnit, at least let us catch a breath!!" Onest cursed as the ground suddenly started to shake.

"Is it that thing again?" Vritra frowned. Whatever was crawling underground was huge, at least as big as that giant mutant.

He glanced back at Yennefer and it was obvious she could not continue.

Judging from their movements, they should be somewhere under a road right now.

And if they were lucky, then there should also be a sewer underground.

"Hold onto the top handles." As he spoke, bloody handles appeared connected to the ceiling. It was the same blood he used as rope earlier.

All of them jumped up and clung to the handles which were firmly stuck to the ceiling, then Vritra raised his right hand.

BOOM!

With all his strength, he struck the ground, making everything shudder.

BOOM! BOOM! BOOM!

Without stopping, he punched again and again as suddenly the ground crumbled and he fell.

The handles slowly slid down, turning into long ropes as the others began to move down.

THUD

Vritra landed on his feet in the dimly lit sewage. He rose to his feet and looked up as the others also landed safely beside him.

"This much should be fine-!!" Sighing in relief, Vritra turned around and froze upon seeing a big group of people who were also frozen in shock.

They seemed to be in the midst of eating. A few were frozen with a spoonful of something almost in their mouths.

"Uhm hello there, don't mind us, we are just passing by." Vritra waved at them. There were over forty men and women. If a frontal battle did break out, they wouldn't be at any advantage.

His stats had increased quite a bit, but just among this group there were a few with higher stats.

And who knows what abilities they possessed.

"Who are you?" All on the other side suddenly jumped to their feet, looking at the group threateningly.

But seeing the seven beautiful women, most of them were dazed.

Could such beautiful women exist in reality?

Only Teresa had her face covered. Her appearance was still enough to make men go crazy.

"We are not evil people. We slipped into a hole and fell. And we are very strong, especially this guy, none of them can kill him. I dare you to try!" Shitless shouted, pointing towards Onest.

"B- Boss, you must be joking. How can I show my strength before you? If any of you have the strength, then try putting a dent in his bald head." Onest retorted.

The others looked at them cautiously. They parted as a tall and robust woman walked out wearing leather armor.

She was eating a big piece of meat, which seemed to be some creature's leg.

"This is the territory of the Firebull. Who are you all? Speak before we wipe you all out." She said, her gaze scanning them all.

Vritra looked around, trying to find some way out.

"We were running from a giant monster and ended up here. We have no intentions to fight."

"…" The woman stared silently at them, then spoke, "You have two choices, either fight or surrender."

Vritra frowned. Even with his current stats, defeating that woman would be impossible. Her stats were already close to 30.

'It seems the bandits I killed before were living too safely and didn't kill many mutants. This woman might have a strong ability too.' he thought before asking:

"What does surrendering mean? What do you plan to do with us?"

There were so many people. They were all eating mutant beast meat. They had probably run out of other supplies.

"This is not a bandit group. We won't harm you or those women, but as you know, to fight those dangerous things we need more hands.

So I want you all to be cannon fodders for me." She spoke, without hiding anything.

"And what about food and water?" Vritra asked, weighing his options.

"We have enough to feed a few more mouths, but it's just mutant meat for now. We are going to raid another group soon, and I heard they still have supplies." She added, throwing a bait.

"Oh really?! If we participate in this raid, will you hand some food to us as well?" Vritra asked with fake excitement in his voice.

"Yes of course, so make your choice. By killing you, we could still feed our pet." She said while pointing towards a cage with a locked mutant snake.

"I just have one condition. None among you tries to harm anyone in my group. I don't want any man to go anywhere near my women." He spoke firmly. For now, he could only follow them.

"Alright, that's perfectly fine. I don't like rape and all. They'll all behave, don't worry." She said with a grin before speaking, "I am called the Bull. Are you their leader? What's the condition above?"

"Yes, I am Adam, and things have turned really bad up there. There is that large mutant and something under the ground that's crawling around and throwing off buildings. There was also a group of humans who were killing and looting everything." He replied with a sigh.

"Hmm, looks like this is the perfect chance to make our move and catch them off guard. Everyone, prepare for battle. We will attack them tomorrow." Bull shouted before looking at Vritra.

"And you, don't try anything or the outcome will be tragic for you all."

Vritra just nodded, not showing any emotions.

Now that this new group had surrendered, many men could no longer hold back from running forward and speaking to the women in the group.

"Hello, what's your name?"

"Haha, look how much food I have, and I don't mind sharing it."

"Hello pretty ladies, why don't you-"

"Fuck off!" Vritra glared at the men. The blood in their bodies suddenly started to boil over.

They were frightened and quickly moved back despite wanting to pick a fight.

"What the hell dude, this is the apocalypse. How can you alone hoard so many beauties? With your low strength you can't even protect them. You should know what's better for you."

Like starved beasts, these men really seemed to go mad upon seeing the seven extremely beautiful women.

"Sigh. Onest, Shitless, take care of him." Vritra didn't even bother as he walked further away from the group with his wives.

"Alright, pitiful one." Shitless and Onest surrounded the startled guy.

He punched at Onest but couldn't touch him, and then punches descended on his face from both sides.

"Hubby, this group is clearly going to get us killed in their fight. They probably plan to use us as meat shields." Yasmine spoke.

"And I doubt even a poison trick could work here. They are clearly so cautious of us." Diana said, because of the several events they were driven into a corner.

"This group is pretty big. Further in the sewer there were more people. There must be over eighty of them." Vritra estimated. Fighting against them all currently would be suicide.

"We can only wait for some chance it seems, master. Maybe later we can sneak away." Maeve suggested.

"We will see about that later. For now, we need to just protect ourselves from them. Sigh, these men have become worse than animals because of this apocalypse." Vanessa cursed. She had always hated all men except Vritra.

❖❖❖