Chapter 454: Devil and Us

Vritra paused, sensing the change in the mountain in the distance; it was close to the door that Vanessa had entered some time ago.

"Is mom coming out?" Vritra excitedly moved towards the mountain, and several other people in the city noticed the change.

Along with the princess, several other warriors rushed towards it, joyful expressions on their faces.

"Oh, when did you get here?" The princess nodded towards Vritra and questioned.

"Just now." Vritra replied, but she was most probably already aware of his presence. Then he questioned, "But what’s going on here? Mom is going to come out?"

"She has finished all her tests. Vanessa is going to be the next Succubus Queen! The danger has ended. Now she just needs to receive her inheritance, and her strength will skyrocket."

The princess said, sounding cheerful.

"So she isn’t coming out?" Vritra was happy that she had already crossed all the danger and that soon her strength would be quite high, but he really wished to meet her.

"Not now, but the process of inheritance will only take around ten or so days. And before she starts, you can still meet her, but for a short time." The princess answered, sensing Vritra’s emotions.

"Oh, when can I meet her?" He relaxed a bit and questioned.

The princess remained silent for a minute as the mountains finally calmed down, then she added, "Why don’t you bring those two along? You will be able to meet her right now."

Vritra knew she was referring to Diana and Fiona, so without wasting any time, he just teleported to the house.

Grabbing the arms of the surprised ladies, he teleported back before they could even ask a question.

"D-Dear, what’s wrong?" Diana asked, looking around at the few gathered succubi.

"Darling, this place is..." Fiona also glanced around, and then at the faintly glowing door.

"We are going to meet mom. She has already passed all the tests." Vritra said, while the princess drew something on the door with her finger.

Drrrrrr...

With a loud sound, the doors opened. The princess gestured for only Vritra and the two women to follow while the other succubi waited outside.

Right after entering, the group of four found themselves in a white cubic space, the ground filled with beautiful, colorful flowers.

There was a door on one of the walls, which was shut tight.

"She will be here soon." The princess added, inhaling the fragrance of the flowers.

...

A few minutes passed, and finally, the sound of a door being pushed open rang out.

Then cold wind gushed out as a figure came into everyone’s sight.

"..." Vanessa was dressed in a beautiful red dress, looking absolutely gorgeous. There were two small horns on her head and a tail on her back. Moving gracefully, she stopped in front of Vritra.

Her appearance seemed to have changed slightly, and her strength was already quite high. Vanessa’s temperament seemed to have changed too.

"Honey..." Vanessa smiled.

Taking a step forward, she tightly embraced him. There was a big time difference between the two sides, so she had been away from him longer than he had been from her.

Vanessa missed him very much. Tears filled her eyes as she finally got to hold him.

"Mom, you didn’t get hurt, did you?" Vritra asked softly, hugging his mother back.

He deeply inhaled her sweet, familiar scent, feeling as if the two were melting in each other’s warmth.

"No, but I sensed whenever you were sad, angry, or hurt. Tell me, what happened?" Vanessa pulled back slightly, gently cupping his face and looking into his eyes.

Her strength was not yet enough to help him, but at every point in life, she would do anything to protect and support him.

"It’s nothing, mom, that has been resolved. Haa, I really missed you so much." Vritra once again pulled her into a tight hug, not wanting to separate from her.

The two embraced one another for a few minutes while talking about different things. Then they separated.

Vanessa glanced at Diana and Fiona, smiling at them, she asked, "So, how have the two of you been?"

"Mom!" Fiona hugged her, followed by the goddess.

"Princess, do you have something to tell me?" Vanessa wanted some private family time, so she directly spoke to the princess.

"Queen, just call me Gia, and before you start with the inheritance, please inscribe your name on this." As Gia spoke, she took out a thin stone slab.

It began to float in the air.

There were already several names present on the stone slab, but it was in a language that no one except Vritra could understand.

But since it was blurry, even he couldn’t understand anything.

Vanessa nodded and inserted some of her mana into it as her name automatically got ingrained on the stone.

"Thank you, Queen." Gia lightly bowed before storing away the slab and leaving the place, fully aware that the family wanted some private time.

Just as the group was alone, even Yasmine came out, appearing in her human form.

"Mom, you have become even more beautiful. It’s good that we can finally meet you.

Hubby was quite depressed earlier, always missing you." She spoke, giving Vanessa a light hug.

"This won’t take too long; I will be out before you know it. And then I will be able to help you, honey, though I am not sure how much my strength will have increased by then."

Vanessa said, feeling emotional after meeting her son after such a long time.

"It’s fine, mom, just focus on this. Everything outside is going smoothly so far." Vritra said. Meeting her again felt like a big worry had disappeared.

They chatted for a while longer, and although they were reluctant to leave, soon it was time to say goodbyes again.

"Honey, no need to do anything dangerous. Wait for me to come out. Then I will help Yasmine get her body back.

There are still many powerful warriors in the succubus race, and now they will obey my commands." Vanessa said, looking reluctant to separate from them.

"Yes, mom." Vritra was happy to be able to meet her again but sad to part with her.

After reluctant goodbyes, Vritra and the two ladies left the white room and walked out of the door.

The door closed, and soon after, the process of receiving the inheritance began.

"Darling, you are not just going to leave again, right?" Fiona asked, hoping to spend some time with him.

"Yes, I will be staying here for the night. Let’s return home and eat." Vritra said, in a good mood.

"Dear, I have succeeded in several of my researches and made miraculous potions. You should check them out.

I am sure they will be a great help in the game." Diana spoke; she was wearing round glasses just to appear wiser.

"Alright, I will check them." The goddess really looked gorgeous with those glasses.

Soon the group returned to the house.

As the goddess prepared the food, Vritra called to Fiona and spoke, "I have brought a really special gift for you. Well, it is from Foxie, so you should thank her when you two meet."

Even if this gift was of no use to them, no one would give it up just like that. Maeve truly considered them her family, so she didn’t think twice before giving it away.

"Maeve gave me a gift? I am really curious about her." A smile appeared over Fiona’s face. At first, upon hearing about the fox demon, she wasn’t too optimistic.

But hearing more and more about her, Fiona and Diana got to know about her.

"This is the previous Phoenix Empress’s body. Well, not her physical body, but let’s say a mana body in a sense.

With this, your strength will grow rapidly even without hunting any demons, and your comprehension will increase rapidly." Vritra said. It was like a cheat code to Lord rank.

"Oh, i-isn’t this too precious? She really gave me such a gift just like that?" Fiona was even more shocked now. Previously, she didn’t think it would be something so valuable.

"Yeah, so use it well and grow stronger. We will be facing a lot together in the future."

Vritra passed the mana body to her in a dimensional book’s page.

"After mom comes out, I can finally meet her. Anyway, food is ready." Fiona excitedly began to serve food for them.

’Mom and Fiona could grow strong quickly. Wifey will also return to her peak after getting her body.

Yennefer and Foxie are already very strong, so that only leaves Diana.’ Vritra thought, wondering how to help her too.

While eating, Vritra shared a few of his future plans, like going to the Dragon Kingdom and attacking the Phoenix race.

But as always, the future remained unpredictable, and in the face of fate, all planning would turn fruitless.

Still enjoying the peace before the storm, the three went for a walk after a tasty meal.

"Uh..." As they were about to arrive at home, Fiona seemed like she wanted to say something but was hesitating.

"What’s wrong? Just say whatever you want; you shouldn’t hesitate between us."

Vritra said, holding her hand; their fingers intertwined.

"There... is a play we wish to do, and it is kind of strange, but it’s really exciting." Fiona finally spoke, looking a little embarrassed.

"Oh, what sort of play? Don’t act shy, just tell me." Vritra encouraged her, while the goddess looked to the side, as if she knew nothing of it.

"..." Fiona passed a book to him—the book that contained the play that could fulfill both of their fetishes at once.

Vritra read the title: The Sacrifices My Sister Made, Devil and Us!

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...