Chapter 670 A Warm Welcome

"S- Sir this is the check post by the Cinema organization, they take food as toll to let people pass through here." Ergen explained.

"How strong is that organization?" Vritra asked, it would be foolish to challenge if the opponents were too strong.

It seemed the closer he moved to the tower, the higher and better the resources.

"The Doctors and the Cinema are the two groups that control Riverdel, it would be better if we don't clash with them." Ming spoke.

Vritra nodded, he too wanted to understand this place better first, before the battles started.

And he didn't lack food so giving away a bit wouldn't hurt.

"They take based on how many people are passing, and they will be inspecting the carriages." Ergen replied.

"Sigh. Alright, let's kill our way past them." Vritra turned to see and found near 20 men present there.

"B- But it might alert that group-"

Ming and Ergen were baffled, but thinking about it, if these guys saw the women in the carriage they would surely cause trouble.

So whether they wanted or not, they had already become enemies with the Cinema organization.

Walking forward, Vritra scanned the area and knew none of them had ascended yet.

"Sorry guys, we will have to pass here a little forcefully. Don't worry, you will be in an eternal peaceful sleep." Vritra muttered, walking closer to the barricade.

"Huh? What the hell is he talk-"

BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM…

One after another, the heads of all of them began to explode.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +92}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +93}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +88}

…

Quickly, several messages popped up before Vritra as all the headless corpses fell to the ground.

Then he threw away the heavy stones which were blocking the way and instantly sensed the change in the atmosphere.

'This city is really dangerous, we will have to be careful moving forward.' Vritra thought, as he walked back.

"Let's go."

Getting into the carriage, the ride started.

This place was in complete ruins, barely any building could be seen as most lay destroyed.

The place was completely silent, the sound of wolves and carriages ringing far and wide.

"Just two or so kilometres, and we will be at the base of the Glasses." Maeve spoke, she silently covered the two carriages in darkness.

Though it did little to hide their presence.

THUD THUD

Both the carriages suddenly shook and their wheels suddenly submerged into the ground, burying deep.

The wolves almost fell.

"What's wrong now?" Frowning, Vritra and the others got out to see, finding the wheels half buried in the ground.

"The ground isn't even muddy, how did it…?" Yennefer touched the ground around with her feet, finding nothing wrong.

But suddenly, the ground started shaking.

"JUMP!!" Vritra suddenly shouted as he sensed something.

All of them jumped into the air without a second thought, as a layer of blood appeared beneath their feet.

It rose higher into the air, creating some distance.

BOOOOOM!!

The ground buzzed and exploded as a large mouth opened and swallowed the two carriages and all of the wolves at the same time.

It was so large that it could swallow nearly 10 big buildings at once.

'What the hell is even this thing?!!' Vritra was just as baffled as the others, the mutants here were too terrifying.

"T- They got even stronger!! This place is too dangerous, we shouldn't have come here!!" Ming felt like crying, he wanted to run away.

'We still can't kill that thing, the creatures have really evolved to such a degree?!' Vritra frowned, and their means of transport were gone.

The mouth closed and the ground returned to calmness once again, everything looking normal.

"Do we continue on foot now?" Onest looked up, his body still stiff.

"What choice do we have? We can't stay hanging here forever." Vritra said.

"Can't this thing fly? Let's just fly back-"

RIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEE

Just then a screech sounded and all eyes moved up in alarm, another shocking sight present right before them.

Hundreds of large mutated bees were flying in the sky, the buzzing making everything around tremble.

'I guess fighting is inevitable here, we just have to be careful when choosing the opponent.'

"Get ready, we will slaughter them all." Pulling out the spear, Vritra took a step forward.

But the queen of the bee group flew forward, its body was half of Vritra's but it possessed such a powerful presence.

'This thing… is dangerous!' a feeling of danger instantly rose in his mind.

They were charging towards them.

The bee was certainly ascended, and was rather high in the chain of evolution.

[Spiritual Burst!!]

Vritra sent a powerful wave of mental energy, with the power of over 200 attribute points, it made dozens of bees explode.

But the queen bee seemed to have gotten really angry by that move, its wings buzzed rapidly.

WHIZZZZZZZZZZZZ

'Physical? No it's a mental attack!' Vritra quickly launched another Spiritual Burst as the bee queen's wings shot white energy towards them.

The mental energies collided in the air, the space buzzing and then the white energy actually won.

This thing must have gotten lucky and had grown its mental power to such an extent, this was bad news.

Vanessa and Yasmine supported Vritra against the battle of mental energies but when the large group of bees attacked at once.

BOOOOM!!

Vritra felt his mind shake with intensity, the entire group was blasted towards the ground.

Thankfully their mental defences were high enough not to be greatly injured by just that.

Though Ergen and Ming were in pretty bad shape.

BAM BAM BAM

They fell to the ground as the bees launched another joint attack, hundreds of wings buzzing at once.

From not too far away, a group of humans was hiding from the group of bees.

It was them that had previously provoked the bees when they tried to break into their home, and were chased all the way here.

"Heh this is perfect, I thought we were done for this time." One man without any nose spoke, he looked like Voldemort.

"Should we leave?" another asked.

Initially they were thirty but more than half had died already and only 8 remained now.

"Nah, I want to see those idiots die, kek hmm those women, they are pretty. Should I save a couple of them?" the noseless guy wondered.

Then pointing his hands towards Vritra, he activated his skill.

Vritra who was about to launch an attack against the bee queen suddenly was surrounded by a dark cloud.

Just then the ground shook, and a bad feeling settled in their hearts.

They were surrounded.

'There are more people here?' Vritra sensed the group, the dark cloud madly consuming his energy.

What a grand welcome…

[Blood Manipulation Activated!!]

Vanessa, Diana and the others were suddenly pulled away, their bodies disappearing high into the sky.

The noseless guy suddenly felt pain in his head, forcing him to stop using his ability.

The dark cloud subsided, and a figure was revealed.

His very body seemed to be made of blood, he didn't look human, but a terrifying mutant entity.

"W- What even is that? Don't tell me they were all mutants!!" the noseless guy was startled, and he turned, fleeing.

[Blood Demon Transformation!!]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...