Chapter 571 Fishing?

Vritra removed the next barrier and two objects appeared before him. One was a glass bottle that was filled with some dark red fluid.

While the other object was a piece of horn.

Vritra picked up the two objects in his hands and had a feeling that he had seen something similar before.

Before he could ask this time, Divine spoke:

"These are the bloodline and physique of a god. Again, Zihong must have used all sorts of methods to obtain that. It is extremely precious but completely useless for you, as you are already a demi god."

'I guess my wives could use it, but whom would it suit the most? Diana?' Vritra glanced at the goddess.

"No, she already possesses that Tomb of the Gods. That alone is enough to bring her to the demi god level, so it would be wasted on her. Let Maeve consume it, it will greatly benefit her." Divine spoke, interrupting Vritra's thoughts.

Vritra's gaze then turned to the beautiful and seductive demoness, but before handing them to her, he asked, 'Swear that there is nothing wrong with these things and that it won't harm her.'

"You don't trust me, do you? Sigh. Yes, it is perfectly fine, I swear over my life." Divine said with a shake of his head, but he couldn't really expect Vritra to trust him blindly after all that had happened.

After pondering for a few moments, he turned to Maeve and spoke, "Foxie, take these, and after we return, use them to evolve."

"Thank you, Master~" The demoness hurried close to him and gave a gentle peck over his lips, then stored them away.

She wanted to get pampered by her master, but she had to wait until things had calmed down.

Vritra patted her head before turning to the other barrier. Zihong really had gathered a lot of stuff.

Teresa looked at the scene and remembered her first kiss. She wondered if all his wives really said thanks and sorry with kisses.

Then she regretted not doing it before. Vritra had given her those amazing creation cubes, but in her excitement, she forgot to say thanks.

Her mood turned a bit sour. She was already quite late, and with so many flaws, she was also so clueless.

She was also afraid that if Vritra could not fall for her, he would break the marriage and leave her.

So she decided to work harder and learn more from her elder sister, Yasmine.

Unaware of the thoughts of his wives, Vritra placed Pinky at the next pillar as the barrier disappeared.

Zihong had placed his most precious possessions in this bank. Each of them was the best of the best treasures.

The next object to appear was…

***

Somewhere far away in the universe, inside a big spacious room.

A chest kept hidden in a separate space suddenly started buzzing. Inside it was only the corpse of a shrivelled up lizard.

But suddenly, it seemed as if air had been pumped inside it as the small corpse started to bulge. Right before the explosion, it stopped.

Then the lizard crawled out of the chest and moved out of the hidden space, appearing in the large empty room.

It moved around, climbing onto the wall and bringing out various hidden things.

While continuing, the bug started cursing in a rather strange tone, "FUCK, FUCK, I am going to kill that puny bug. That weakling dared to destroy my body!!"

It was none other than Drino, or rather a part of his consciousness that he had hidden as a backup before.

This was really the last of him. If Vritra had somehow discovered this too, then he would have really died.

Thankfully, he was still just a newbie demi god.

'But then, why didn't the Divine try to stop me or warn him?' Drino wondered, but whatever the reason, he was just happy to be alive.

He swore to kill Vritra in a single strike in their next encounter. He wouldn't give that weak demi god a chance.

But now, his soul and body had been completely destroyed. Drino felt worse knowing that Vritra could somehow use them to strengthen himself.

He could still get his body and soul back, or rather create them anew, but that would take quite a lot of time and enormous resources.

Reaching the same level again, almost all his resources would be gone.

Still, there was hope, but he couldn't let his enemies know about this or they would attack him at his weakest.

And he had successfully failed the mission of the god. He would no longer be receiving any favours.

After arranging everything, the lizard entered a large metallic cylinder that was filled with some fluid.

It would take time, but he would get his chance to hunt Vritra down again, complete the mission, and regain his lost pride.

***

"Oh!" Vritra exclaimed as he picked up the next object, which was a round, heavy ball.

He could feel that it was filled with quite a large amount of energy, a lot more than the core of a demi god.

Again, Divine came to explain, "This is the planetary core, a core that the participants obtain after winning the trials, and it could help them reach the level of a demi god."

Vritra was again surprised, then he looked over his wives.

Diana already had the Tomb of the Gods. Maeve had just gotten that physique and bloodline. Vanessa had that cloth which could also increase her strength to that level.

Now Fiona, Teresa, Yasmine, and Yennefer remained, who still had no way of reaching the demi god level. He wondered who to give this core to…

'Wait, how many people can use it?' Vritra questioned. Surely not only a single person becomes a demi god from a team, right?

"Five," Divine replied, and it actually solved a big problem.

With this thing, none of his women would actually have any problems leveling up.

They just needed to absorb it, and they could reach the level of a demi god.

"Well, since it's stolen goods, you have to be careful. Don't let the gods notice their actual levels. And the process won't be as fast." Divine warned.

After all, only after the trial could they obtain a similar core.

And using that, they would then reach the demi god level.

Vritra turned and explained it to his wives. He took out the coffin that Yasmine had given him.

Taking a deep breath, he checked and found that this energy could actually be used to create a new body for Yennefer.

Finally, he had found a way!!

Happily, he put away the orb and the coffin. Soon, everyone in his family would be able to reach the demi god level.

But the process would be quite long. It might take them a few years, even with all these treasures.

Though Vritra could reduce the time somewhat, they needed to finish before the trial started.

"Husband, I can create rings that would perfectly hide our strength levels, even from the eyes of the gods." Teresa spoke, her voice as sweet as ever.

She might not have been confident before, but with those cubes, she could definitely pull this off.

"Alright, Tess. You can try it after we return." It seemed they would be spending some peaceful time after returning to the Zoratian planet.

Before the trial started, they were free to do as they wished after all.

And Vritra wanted nothing more than to just live peacefully with his wives while they continued to grow.

As long as no one came to break their peace, everything should be fine, especially since no one on that planet was strong enough.

Vritra then turned his gaze towards the final barrier. He picked up Pinky and then placed her over the next pillar, all the while wondering what could be hidden there.

Slowly, the barrier disappeared and the final object was revealed.

And it was a fishing rod?!!

"What the what? What is this now?" Vritra picked up the wooden fishing stick, which seemed as mundane as the word allowed.

"Well, this is my gift to you. Believe me, it was really hard to take this thing out. If the higher beings knew, they would rush over to take it." Divine said proudly.

Vritra frowned. He couldn't sense anything from it. He even tried injecting mana, but there was no response.

'Are you joking with me right now?' Vritra took a deep breath and waited for the explanation.

Divine might be a pig, bastard, asshole, but at least his skills and treasures were genuine.

"Ouch, so that's what you think of me. Sigh, and here I went through so much trouble just for you, since I thought you loved stealing." Divine spoke in disappointment.

'Huh?' Vritra's frown deepened. He didn't say or think anything, so how did Divine find out?

'Anyway, what do you mean by stealing? Tell me more about this!' Vritra was suddenly more interested as he looked over the ordinary fishing rod.

"Our time here is over. Keep it away for now. I will explain everything later. First, we need to escape. It shouldn't be too difficult… probably." Divine said, then went completely silent.

Vritra tried calling, but there was no response.

'Sigh, whatever. I got quite a lot of things from this place.' Vritra recalled everything he had obtained.

A wonderful house which possessed over five thousand guards, at least at the lord rank. Then a lot of money. An emblem which would make Vritra appear like a big shot in the future.

The creation cubes which would be of help to Tess. The bloodline and physique of a god which would be used by Maeve. Then the planetary core which would bring all his wives to the demi god level.

And finally, a strange fishing rod.

And now, it was time to leave.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...