Chapter 357: So Rich

Yasmine waited in anticipation as the enormous cocoon soon broke, leaving behind a large area completely in tatters.

Cracks were present in the space, and an extremely large crater in the ground.

As his body came into view, he was still covered by a thin red layer that broke apart, and from inside, Vritra’s body came into view, floating midair.

There was little change to his appearance, looking almost the same as he was before.

His eyes slowly opened and Vritra looked down at himself, before taking out a new set of clothes from the inventory and putting them on.

"Hubby, are you okay?" Yasmine asked, finally flying close to him.

"...Yes." He answered and felt an incomparable power coursing through his body. It was hard to describe, but his strength had certainly grown.

"I wonder what the strongest physique and bloodline have given me..." he muttered. After pondering for a few seconds, he looked at Yasmine and added:

"We can’t waste time here, let’s go. That damned Divine even announced our current location."

The two quickly made their way out of the small realm inside the dimensional book, appearing in the sky above the castle.

And as expected, the entire capital was in a commotion after that announcement. His face could still be seen in the sky even after so many hours.

"..." Vritra cursed internally and flew towards the castle, entering his room directly.

The three ladies were already prepared to leave, so he went to meet Chopper directly.

Chopper was in his room when he too heard the loud announcement and saw a face he was all too familiar with.

The king was just coming to meet them as the two sides met midway.

"So you are Vritra?" Chopper asked, now feeling that Vritra was more special than he had expected.

"Yeah, anyway, we can’t waste time. How do I get out of this continent?" Vritra got straight to the point.

"Oh... haa, there is a portal that can bring you all outside. If you want, I can send you, but the receiving portal is a bit away from the Quartz continent so you would have to travel on foot." Chopper said.

If the people from that continent want to come to the Topaz continent, then they could just teleport here directly, but they set the receiving portal quite far away to make it extremely difficult for the people here to travel there.

"Alright, do you have a map or something—" Vritra was just speaking when a voice sounded in his mind.

"Don’t worry about that. Outside of this place, I know most of the terrain so we don’t need a map," Yasmine said.

"It would be great if you help us travel as soon as possible." Vritra changed his words. Chopper didn’t ask anything about that announcement or Divine, and gave a nod.

"Come with me." He gestured and began to lead them to the back of the castle.

"Pitiful one!!" Just as they walked out of the castle, Monk Shitless who was seated on his bullo called out.

"Shitless and Onest..." Vritra muttered, nodding towards the two.

"Are you leaving? Can I travel along with you? Going there on my own will take too long," Monk Shitless asked, a pleading look on his face.

"Yes and yes, there is no problem, right?" Vritra answered and then looked at Chopper.

"M- Me too," Onest added hastily.

"Huh, why would you want to go out?" Vritra asked, eyeing the map in curiosity.

"I want to widen my horizons and steal in a bigger plane, make a name for myself and then marry the—" Onest began to answer but was interrupted by Chopper.

"Yes, yes, it is fine. Let’s go quickly." He was in a hurry, since he could already sense a few strong people moving across the capital, and many would be arriving soon.

After walking for a while, they appeared in front of a large building that looked like a smaller version of the castle. They didn’t waste time and headed straight inside.

"Go stand over that circle," Chopper said, pointing to an area covered by a glass-like material and strange glyphs embedded in the ground.

Vritra and the others quickly entered the circle, and then closed the glass door.

"Thank you..." he said to the king, before Chopper moved to give instructions in haste.

There were a lot of people who worked there or just guarded it. After making all the necessary preparations, he nodded towards the group and stood with his hands behind his back.

"It is a way to reduce the resources, controlling their strength, and locking them here by not allowing the people here to directly teleport to the Quartz continent.

But don’t worry, we will be there after a few days of travel if nothing goes wrong, sigh..." Yasmine said.

The glyphs and patterns on the ground lit up, strange light traveling on the glass, swirling around rapidly as a massive amount of energy was sucked dry within a moment.

And in just a few moments, a blinding light completely covered the circle area, leaving behind a loud sound of air blasting around.

"What a strange lad, I hope he can survive." Chopper said. He knew that he might put himself in danger for helping Vritra but he wasn’t really afraid of death anymore.

The ground felt as if their bodies and minds had entered a non-gravity area, making them feel lightheaded.

The whole process lasted for nearly a minute or so.

And finally they found themselves in a small town situated in the middle of the forest. There were barely five or six houses and all of them belonged to the people guarding the portal.

When they arrived there, over twenty men circled the glass area and were ready to launch attacks, since they had already received strict orders about Vritra.

All the men were at least in the 3rd Legion rank; they were clearly not random guards. The strongest was even at the peak of the 3rd Legion rank.

"Who are you and what is your purpose for coming here?" one of the men shouted.

Vritra quickly came to his senses, but his body had already transformed into someone he had met some time ago.

He even transformed the others with the misty essence for now. When the light disappeared, a boy, five women, and a bull came into view.

"I am Rich." While speaking, Vritra pulled out an emblem that he had obtained from the real Rich.

"O- Oh, we didn’t know you were coming, please forgive us, sir." The guards instantly lowered their weapons and bowed.

’As I expected, the identity of that Rich guy wasn’t simple.’ Vritra thought. The guys were wearing heavy armor and seemed to be special guards from the Quartz continent.

{Sin Point Gained: Respected +17}

{Sin Point Gained: Suspected +5}

Thankfully, Vritra had a way to know exactly what was going on through their minds, and he could act accordingly.

He didn’t want to leave behind suspects; even if he killed them all now, it would just confirm his location so he wanted to avoid that as much as possible.

"These are the slaves I had rescued from the White Kingdom. I saw talent in them and I am bringing them to join my family." Vritra added with a smile, his tone soft.

"Oh, just as we had heard about you, kind and magnanimous. But sir, would it be okay if I send this news back to—" the head guard spoke in a respectful tone, though he was clearly suspicious.

"Sure, you definitely should." Vritra said, walking out of the circle, then he pulled out a storage glyph and seemed to be rummaging through it.

First, he pulled out the emblem of the Golden Moon, then put it back. After not being able to find something, he began to throw the stuff inside the glyph on the ground.

A bright light made all the guards’ vision go blind for a few moments as an enormous amount of gold and other valuable things were presented.

It was at least ten times the treasury of the White Kingdom, and Vritra seemed to have an endless supply.

"S- So rich..." the guards were just shocked; none of them could see through the illusion.

As Vritra continued to pour his wealth across the ground, the sin point messages changed continuously and soon there wasn’t a single soul who still doubted him.

’Who could be so rich other than the richest man alive, Mr. Rich!! He is definitely the real deal, sigh thankfully he is quite kind in nature, but if his family were to know that we stopped them then not even the emperor could save us.’

The head guard thought, wiping his forehead, the wealth was overflowing across the entire town.

What better way to prove he is Rich than by showing his richness.

"S- Sir, we understand, I will get the car ready for you immediately." The guards began to run around hurriedly, no one anymore doubting that he could be a fake.

Vritra nodded and put away all his wealth. He wondered what sort of car he would get to see here.

It wasn’t long before a car was arranged for them. It still couldn’t match the technology of the earth but the car was a lot more advanced than the ones in the White kingdom.

It was a big white car that looked like a cubical Tesla. After getting inside, Vritra of course took the driver’s seat and refused to let any of the guards accompany them.

Yasmine gave him a few instructions and he easily learned to drive.

"Sir, be careful when crossing over the bridge, there are many dangers across the cliff." The guard warned but didn’t explain; after all, Rich must already be aware of it all.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...