Chapter 723 The Punctured Sonic

"Right, haa you are smart. Now get lost before I do something accidental." Sonic warned.

He looked from Sonia to all the other women, really baffled that there were women of beauty of this level.

"What do you think? Are you willing to follow me? As you know, I am powerful enough to destroy a city with a single attack. With me, your life will be like the Queens-"

But before he could finish, Vritra took a step forward and stood before Sonic.

"Oh, are they your women? You want to fight me for them? Hahaha now this is funny, do you even know what this armor is? Not even the gods can break it, let alone a bug like-"

"Oops" Vritra's right hand swung, hitting the helmet of the armor.

The force was so high and the speed so terrifying that from over the shoulder, the metal was torn and the upper part of the helmet flew away.

Standing in the broken armor, Sonic's real face was revealed, his mouth was still open and he was cut in the middle of speaking.

"Looks like I made a mistake, you don't mind right?" Vritra asked, sighing.

'What the- wait a minute, what the fuck?!! This is impossible? Is this an illusion? What what what?!!' Sonic just stood there frozen.

There were so many wounds over his body, but the main one was the big burn mark on the right side.

"Eww so ugly." Vritra was about to make a mistake again but he didn't want to touch that.

"Sorry I made a mistake earlier, oops again." His hand shot forward, hitting the armor's chest area.

BOOOM

The armor exploded into pieces, Sonic was thrown back, having no time to react.

Vritra's body disappeared, as he flashed behind the player, clutching his neck.

Sonic's body jerked like a broken toy upon coming to an abrupt stop, he was bleeding all over, screaming.

'R- right my ability, I should use that-' Sonic was so baffled upon his strongest treasure getting destroyed that he forgot everything.

"Oops once again, sigh why am I making so many mistakes today?" Vritra asked as he let go of his neck and slapped from both sides, hitting Sonic's ears.

BANG

"Aggggghhhhhhhh" he screamed as blood poured out of his ears, he couldn't hear anything.

"Oops oops oops" blood chains that were covered by lava appeared in his hand.

He swung them around, wrapping around Sonic's body then pulling back slowly, ripping his skin and flesh.

Sonic could only scream, unable to use his skill and even if he used it, it would be useless.

Then Vritra created hundreds of very pointy spikes from blood and threw Sonic onto them, as they pierced into his body.

Vritra made Sonic roll over the spikes, making sure he gets 'holed' up completely.

"So what do you think of mistakes now?" Vritra asked, pulling up the badly wounded Sonic.

But he was in such a bad condition that he couldn't even speak, Vritra just shook his head and threw him onto the spikes.

This time, they even started to burn, setting him ablaze.

"One more dead." Vritra spoke, this time he was going to get sound's ability?

He doesn't even need to use them, anyway now five of the ten players were dead.

After Sonic died, Vritra cleared up the scene. This won't bring back all the lives he had taken but Vritra made sure to make him feel the helplessness, pain and the despair.

"It's alright hubby, such scums deserve the worst deaths." Yasmine said encouragingly.

"Should we continue?" Yennefer asked.

"Yea, let's do it for a little longer." Vritra nodded as they hid once again and Shitless continued with his pleas for help.

But over twenty minutes passed and no more players appeared.

If Asmodeus was one of them, then there should still be one more player around.

'He is very cautious, maybe it really is Magna.' Vritra thought and decided to end this.

"Let's eat something first then we will continue." They had just walked out of the shadows, when the ground sensed a very large group rushing towards them.

It had well over a hundred people, and judging from their energies…

"It is the prisoners!" Teresa exclaimed, her expression turning dark for a moment.

Previous time, they had hurt her husband and there wasn't much she could do. Now however, her strength was only second to Vritra.

She was going to kill them all.

"Get ready, the psychos are here." Vritra said, taking his spear out.

"Hmm" Vanessa and the others nodded, ready to activate their skills.

Soon, a large crowd appeared before them. All of them had different appearances and different abilities.

But they all had one thing in common, they all looked crazy.

Only a bloodthirsty look was present on their faces.

"Let's kill them!!" one of the criminals shouted, laughing madly as they all charged towards the small group.

Asmodeus was terrified, these people were also exuding such strong presences, they looked equally terrifying.

"S- Sir we should-" he was just speaking when Vritra disappeared.

Suddenly, over thirty of the criminals froze, as invisible rooms appeared around them.

Vritra moved so fast that no one there could even follow his movements.

After a second, his figure became visible several hundred meters away. Blood dripped from the tip of the spear's blade, as the crazy laughter paused.

Then nearly 50 of the prisoners exploded at once, the frozen ones and many others.

Not just Asmodeus but even the criminals were scared this time, they didn't come here to die.

They wanted bloodshed but that didn't include their own blood.

"R- Run!! We have to run!!" another shouted in dread, as they all turned and tried to flee.

Vritra clicked his tongue, they really think they can just escape?

He and Teresa both worked together, as nearly all of the criminals were frozen all of a sudden.

Then, a massacre took place. Vritra didn't waste too much time on them and tore them apart as brutally as possible.

Since these guys liked blood so much, he made them bleed for whatever they were worth.

They screamed in terror while fleeing with all their might, some were clever enough to use their abilities to flee.

But it was all useless in the face of absolute strength.

Within a couple of minutes, Vritra had killed them all, his strength far surpassed them all.

[You have collected a blue crystal!]

[You have collected a blue crystal!]

[You have collected a blue crystal!]

…

Messages flooded before him, he even used Sonic's ability, the sound ability made the heads of several explode at once.

"Haa and we are done with this. Hmm how many did we get this time?" Vritra calculated the blue crystals.

"There are over 150, combining from the last time, we have enough." He added, but what a coincidence that they all came running up to them.

Though most things aren't coincidences, who knows someone just might be pulling the strings from behind.

Vritra gave the crystals to his family and spoke:

"Looks like we will be spending a few days here. Time for you all to undergo the final evolution."

Only he and Teresa had evolved, so they will be staying together for two days.

"Haa first let's eat something, when you have all evolved we will go and challenge the tower and get out of here." Vritra said.

❖❖❖