Chapter 734 The Unexpected

"Haa What the hell is this now?" Vritra looked around at the sand land, frowning.

"Dear, there are poisonous creatures under the ground…" Diana spoke, stepping close to Vritra.

They looked around but couldn't see anything, it was only sand for hundreds of kilometres and again the objective was not clear.

"I hope the others are fine." He added, taking Diana's hand he flew forward at full speed.

They searched for a while but couldn't find anything, suddenly hundreds of centipedes shot through the ground.

Their bodies were over twenty feet long, their grotesque bodies wriggling strangely.

These creatures had already reached the 8th evolution, their strength was very high but still nothing compared to Vritra and the others.

One spiritual burst was still enough to wipe them all out.

But with the way the difficulty was rising, very soon dangerous creatures would start appearing.

…

In another part, Fiona and Teresa found themselves in front of a large canyon, strong wind blew around.

A flimsy bridge connected the two sides of the canyon, and it seemed to be the only way to go forth.

The two women tried to fly but that too seemed to be restricted, leaving them with only a single answer.

"I guess we need to head there and find some sort of clue or objective-" Teresa spoke, almost unconsciously.

"Oh thank you for telling me." Fiona smiled and added.

Teresa could only scratch her cheek, feeling a bit embarrassed.

There were several reasons behind Fiona not liking her, but there was nothing she could do.

Normally they don't really talk but now the two were stuck here.

Fiona started to walk over the bridge and Teresa followed a few steps behind her.

The flimsy wooden bridge was around a kilometre long, and was swinging with the wind.

And there was nothing to hold onto on either side, making the walk far more dangerous.

Carefully, they crossed around 80% of the bridge but then noticed dozens of zombies standing on the other side.

Bulky and heavy zombies, all of them looked at the two women with bloodthirsty expressions.

"Shit!" Fiona shot forward a flame bird that smashed into the zombies, burning them to a crisp but the explosion made the bridge swing even more heavily.

Yet in the next moment, more zombies appeared.

"Let me handle them." Teresa spoke.

"…Hmm" Fiona might not like Teresa but she was not stupid enough to get them both killed just because of some minor hatred.

Teresa quickly caught the zombies in invisible rooms, that made them pause.

They continued to walk slowly, each step taken forward after making sure that it wouldn't be fatal.

Just a little was left when a horde of thousands of zombies suddenly rushed forward.

Teresa frowned as she tried to catch them all in a giant room but the number was too large, more just kept running.

They were charging forward madly, hundreds of those zombies might have died under the feet of others.

The bridge shook violently, gritting their teeth the two started running forward.

Fighting the zombies was no problem but falling from the bridge was dangerous.

Fiona jumped forward, flames bursting from her feet as the zombies exploded to pieces and she landed safely.

Teresa jumped forward too, unfortunately for her though, the bridge snapped at the last moment.

"Ahhh-" her body started falling into the darkness of the canyon, and she could do nothing to stop it.

Fiona's expression changed too, as she tried to catch her but the distance was too big and before she had a chance.

Teresa disappeared in the darkness of the canyon.

"Noooo!!" she screamed but for a moment she hesitated if she should jump in or not.

Fiona didn't hate Teresa as she clearly is a good woman but she just didn't like her all that much.

And that slight hesitation was long enough that Teresa completely disappeared, even her voice drowned away.

"…" Fiona was left there alone, her heart thumping in panic and a bad feeling taking root in her heart.

…

"Hah I told you, this will be the floor they all fumble, no way all of them are going to pass through it!" the Sun god spoke, then he coughed and calmed down.

"Yes yes, Sun, you have clearly done a great job in creating those floors." The oldest god spoke, coughing lightly.

DING

A faint sound rang out, the ten gods who were all seated around the round table and in the large white space, frowned.

There shouldn't be any noise here.

They looked around, frowning.

"Who is here? Reveal yourself!!" the eyeless god spoke, his muscles bulging even more.

"You dare to interrupt the meeting of the Gods?!!" the largest god spoke, his body was bigger than most planets.

It seemed as if several races lived over his body itself.

BUZZZ

A tiny insect buzzed and entered the white space, slowly settling over the round table.

The gazes of all ten gods focused on the tiny insect, that was the only presence here but how did it get in here?

The baby god took out the lollipop from his mouth, then spoke: "Eww get that bug out of here, me don't like insects at all!!"

The other gods rolled their eyes, since the other prideful gods were doing nothing, the eyeless god decided to kill it.

But suddenly, the body of the insect started to glow and grow.

Under their surprised gazes, the body of the insect had grown into a man whose body glowed even more brightly than the Sun god.

He sat relaxedly over the table, looking back at the gods and yawned.

"Sup oldies, I heard you were missing me." He asked, over the face of the luminous body, a twisted smile spread strangely.

Hearing that voice, that manner of addressing them.

The ten gods froze, they wanted to launch an attack right away but found it impossible to even move their pupils.

"D- Divine!!" the female instrument god spoke, her voice trembling.

"Yes, it is yours truly." Divine stood over the table, his hands clasped behind his back.

"Y- You bastard, how dare you show your face here!! I am going to kill you for taking my eyes away!!" the eyeless god shouted.

"Return my heart, what have you done with it?!" the baby god also got furious upon seeing Divine.

"Ah that heart, it has already been put to good use. Anyway, how about we play a game, anyone who speaks gets his head blown."

Divine said, his joking tone was making them all feel nervous.

"You won't dare to-" the oldest frail god trembled, and shouted but got interrupted.

"And you are disqualified!" Divine said, he pointed his finger towards the old god.

The space distorted as his body suddenly flashed in front of the old god, lightly he tapped over his forehead.

BOOM

There was a light explosion and the head of the oldest god exploded, pieces of it getting thrown all over the space.

Divine caught something from within that brain matter, then turned to look at the others.

"Hey heartless kid, I see you still love sucking on things." Divine chuckled as he looked at the baby god.

"You bastard! I am-" the baby god became furious, he was about to use his ability but.

BOOM

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios