Chapter 376: The Bargain

In the Midnight Party, the biggest black market in the continent, located near the inner boundary of Ghazi City.

A pair of same-looking men could be seen quarrelling with a shopkeeper to lower the price of a candy.

The twins were none other than the two seats of the Golden Moon, Tin and Vin. Just as the Oracle had instructed, they had come to the black market.

"I am only going to give 3 copper coins for this," Vin said, holding his head up high proudly; he was the self-proclaimed master of bargaining.

"Sigh, sir, this thing costs 50 copper coins, how can I sell it to you for so cheap?" The shopkeeper said in frustration.

The two were wearing expensive clothes but were arguing just for a few copper coins.

They had a height a bit above five feet and seemed to be in their late twenties. Both of them had a handprint on each of their cheeks.

"I only have ten copper coins, what can you sell for that much?"

Vin continued, while Tin sighed, feeling embarrassed as quite a few people began laughing at the two.

His stupid brother had just wasted hundreds of gold coins just to travel a little in a carriage, and here he was fighting.

"Ah, for ten copper coins? I have this newly built ten copper worth of coin," the shopkeeper said, taking out a coin with the number ten written on it.

It was difficult to carry too many coins for normal people, so later on the currency had changed into this form.

"Hmm, I will give you 2 coins for it," Vin said, seriously.

"Sigh, here, you can have it for free, may god bless you," the shopkeeper said, as if giving the coin to a beggar.

Finally, the twins walked away.

"Hehe, did you see my bargaining skills? I got this coin for absolutely nothing. Did you see how those girls were smiling at me?" Vin spoke happily.

"Haa, that’s not bargaining but begging no matter how you look at it, and those girls were laughing at you."

Tin corrected, slapping his younger brother’s head before adding, "Anyway, I wonder why the Oracle had sent us both here. Even if Vritra is here, with his ability to disguise, it would be almost impossible to find him."

"Yeah, I wonder—oh wait, look, the Green Claw Poison master! Kwahaha, look at his face as if he had been constipated for three whole days."

The twins saw the man in the green robe who had been chasing after Maeve and leading the group.

After getting fooled by Vritra, they were extremely angry. Breaking out of that small realm wasn’t hard, since their strength was higher than Vritra’s.

But upon getting out, they weren’t able to find Maeve or the person who helped her. Not to mention when they met with the empress, she was so angry that she had given them all harsh punishments.

"Yo, Lizard! Where are you sneaking off to?" Tin shouted loudly, finally finding something interesting to do.

Poison Claw looked back and shivered at the sight, knowing fully well how troublesome the duo is, so he first tried to act ignorant and rushed forward.

"Hey, don’t act like you didn’t see us. Didn’t we become good friends when we made your toilet explode just as you had started doing your business there?

Haha, I still remember, you walked in such a funny manner at that time." Tin and Vin put their arms over his shoulder and decided to have fun.

"Ah, S-Sir, I am sorry but I need to do some urgent work for empress, s-so..." he spoke but knew fully well that it was of no use.

And so the trio walked deeper into the market.

***

With his hand pressed against Maeve’s chest just a bit above her breasts, Vritra sent the invisible flames into her body.

It would be great to have a demon lord as his servant.

"It seems my physique isn’t exactly invincible; although it didn’t hurt me, she was able to draw my blood. So there might be some other limitations. I wonder what ability she used."

Vritra wondered to himself while letting Nihil Anima move towards her soul.

"This high of a defense is already an anomaly, especially at your level. Anyway, I wonder how long this is going to take," Yasmine muttered.

A few minutes passed, but before the invisible flame could make contact with Maeve’s soul, it was stopped by some sort of barrier. Vritra frowned and used more energy, but the result was still the same.

Unlike the Misty Essence, Nihil Anima still hadn’t recovered to its peak; its strength wasn’t even at ten percent right now, just like Yasmine.

And so Vritra failed to turn her into a slave.

"Tch, looks like she has some sort of treasure to protect her soul, what a pity." Yasmine frowned. Aside from this method, she couldn’t think of anything else to remove that pact.

Just then, Maeve’s eyes fluttered open and her gaze focused on the handsome man in front of her, then at his hand that was pressed against her chest.

"Huff, what are you... haa... doing?" Despite being weak, she asked in an enraged tone.

"Well, I was planning to give you CPR, but it seems there is no need now. Anyway, why don’t you remove that pact now?" Vritra said as he pulled back his hand slowly.

Maeve took a deep breath; she felt incredibly angry being touched by a mere human. If not for her condition, she would have killed him already.

"Hoo, I can’t right now, first huff help me get rid of this poison. If I die y-you will die with me."

She said, although the poison won’t be able to kill her soon, but she would be completely paralyzed.

Although she could contact the demons or even her brother, there is no way she could trust just anyone in this condition.

This time Vritra frowned; he didn’t want to be used by others just like that.

"Why should I? I have a potion that would put your body in a coma and decrease the speed of poison, and by the time you would be about to die, my strength would already be high enough to sever this pact." Vritra said confidently.

Maeve didn’t trust every word he said, but right now she was just too weak and this unknown man truly was her last option. Gritting her teeth, she knew she would have to compromise.

"F-Fine, if you help me recover and hide, I will let you choose two things from all the treasures I possess." Maeve proposed, though her eyes were full of anger.

Vritra pondered and then suggested a better offer:

"Hmm, how about you give me all your treasures? The risk here is high and what are you going to do with those treasures if you are dead?"

"How about I bite my tongue and die?" Maeve became angrier at his shameless proposal.

"Fine, how about five things?" Knowing the arrogance of all the strong beings, Vritra decided to lower his fees.

"...Okay, but first we need to move away from here, they might sense me and you—"

Maeve paused, as if contemplating over an extremely difficult choice, then she said with immense difficulty, "You have to help me clean my body of this poison and blood, or they could track me."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...