Chapter 496: Glib Tongued

The entire hall was completely silent, more than fifty young men and women lay over the floor, their limbs twisted.

And even with the help of the best healing potions, they wouldn’t be able to heal anytime soon.

The one in the worst condition was Max’s son, the only one who was at the general rank.

Overconfident in his ability, he was directly aiming to kill Vritra with one of his strongest attacks.

Believing his father was the strongest among all of Gunter’s cousins, and only a little younger than him, he thought he would be able to handle the situation.

But before he knew it, most of the bones in his body were shattered. If he wasn’t rushed to treatment, then he really might die.

"This is insane!!" the parents of all of them exploded in rage, Max seeming the angriest, sensing his son’s weak state.

Yet he didn’t dare to jump into the fighting area simply because Gunter was standing there.

"And as you can see, none of them are more fit to be the next monarch than me. Alright, the first round is over, you can take them away."

Vritra said, casually waving his hand, throwing the wooden sword away.

"My son!! Ah, why is his neck m-moving around so freely?"

"Daughter, are you still alive? I told you to just stay at home and learn to cook, ughh look at her arms..."

All the parents finally rushed into the arena. They checked their children’s condition and felt aggrieved.

All of them took out their best potions, but it didn’t really do anything.

"Healers, take them all away and treat them to the best of your abilities." Gunter ordered as dozens of healers soon rushed inside.

No wonder Vritra had ordered the guards to call some healers.

Some parents went along with their children, just wanting to get away from there.

They didn’t want to offend the person who was going to be their future monarch.

While many were still angry as they glared at Vritra and Gunter.

"Monarch, what is the meaning of this?" Max was the voice of dozens of parents who weren’t really happy about the outcome and needed Vritra to apologize and leave his seat.

"This just means your children are trash who can’t even deal with someone as weak as me." Vritra interrupted, shrugging.

"Pffttt weak? Hubby, since when is a demi god considered weak? A thought alone is enough to bury them all along this realm for you." Yasmine said, chuckling at his modesty.

’Wifey, are there any other demi gods on this planet?’ Vritra became curious about demi gods and titans.

"I doubt it. Once before, someone from the dark organization called Twilight tried to obtain that level of power.

At one point, that was the number one dark organization, and through inhumane means and committing endless slaughter and plundering, the leader almost became a demi god.

Like I had told you before, he was about to blow off a big part of this planet, but luckily he was killed at a moment of weakness during his transformation into a demi god.

Then most of the members of Twilight were hunted and killed and it disappeared completely soon." Yasmine explained.

’Oh Twilight... isn’t that the organization Red and others had joined? I wonder if it’s the same Twilight or a different one.’ Vritra wondered. It seemed a demi god truly possessed that level of power.

’I wish I can obtain more information about the titan race too, do you know anywhere I can find that?’ he questioned.

While their conversation was taking place, everyone around them was moving very slowly.

Vritra clearly saw the expression of all the men in the group become uglier after his reply.

"Not really, but there is one family that boasts about possessing the highest level of information and knowledge.

Maybe you can find it there. It’s one of the top five families." Yasmine answered after thinking for a few moments.

Nodding, he put his attention back to the men in front of him as once again time started moving at a normal speed.

"You brat! How dare you? Gunter, are you really allowing this to happen? Can’t you teach your son better manners?" Max was brimming with endless rage.

One of the men stepped forward, shouting angrily: "Even if this was a fight for the seat of monarch, how could you hurt your own siblings to that extent?

Even if you are strong, this just shows what sort of leader you would be. You clearly are not fit to be a leader."

"Right, who knows where he has been all this time? What if he was taken away by the enemies and got brainwashed by them? How can we ever trust him?"

Gunter was ready to interject if Vritra was overwhelmed by those men, but so far he was holding on perfectly.

He couldn’t help but feel proud of him. Not even these people with poisoned tongues and daggers in hand, ready to betray, could beat him in talking.

"Are you now going to put the blame of their incompetence on me? What can I even do if they broke by just light taps? Should I have sung a lullaby until they fell asleep and I became a winner?

Clearly, the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree." Vritra spoke, looking at the raging men emotionlessly.

"This is just absurd, haa is this what our family has been reduced to? A brat is disrespecting us all and Gunter, you are just going to watch this?

Should I take it that you won’t interfere if we were to teach your son some manners?" Max said, his only leash was Gunter, otherwise he would have already killed Art for the second time.

"Try it." Gunter just smiled, standing with his hands behind his back.

"Tch. Forget that, but we can’t let him be our next monarch or we would all leave the family. You wouldn’t want that right?

I am sure the other families would be more than happy to let us all join." Max said and all others behind him nodded in agreement.

While Gunter was busy with all the other matters, it seemed his younger cousin had joined hands with them all, their link clearly being greed.

"Oh sure, leave right now if you so wish, but understand. The moment you set foot out of this realm, you, your women, your children, servants, everyone would be killed without any exceptions."

A big smile twisted over his face as Vritra spoke, taking a step ahead.

"You bastard!!"

Max was at the lord rank, the only one among the brothers who had very recently reached that level.

Though the family did have several lord ranked humans, the branch family preferred staying safe and enjoying rather than going out in danger.

However, before Max could attack, Vritra spoke: "If among you, anyone is not happy with this decision, they are free to fight me.

The condition is the same. Come together or alone, if you can hit me once, you can have the seat."

Gunter was just puzzled and shocked. By saying things like that Vritra was making things difficult for him.

How can he just save his son directly if it’s a fair competition?

’Whatever, my son, my family is far more important to me than my reputation or this position.’ He thought and got ready to intervene at any moment.

While the group of several dozen men grinned hideously, finally!!

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...