Chapter 154: Blunder’s Blunder

After locking Yasmine away, Vritra took a deep breath. Even with his plan, the chances of his survival were quite low, but that seemed to be the only way.

He ignored the constant messages of the sin points he was gaining. Right now, that was the furthest thing he wanted to focus on, even if the number of sin points was quite large.

Vritra’s body rose into the air as a large dust storm formed in the surroundings. He didn’t plan to reveal any of his hidden cards—like Bob or many of his great skills—that would only increase his chances of dying.

Faceless gestured for all his men to move to the corner of the barrier. They were only here to fill the empty ranks in the Dunshire kingdom. They weren’t here for the fight but got caught up because of the Bone Blood Cult.

Blunder also gestured for his group to move further, but instead of moving in a random direction, all of them seemed to have pre-determined positions. They were definitely here with a purpose.

The great battle was finally starting, and it seemed it would start with the sacrifice of Vritra by the hands of the Bone Blood Cult—the cultists who love offering sacrifices to the god they believe in.

"You are dumber than I thought, going brute against me..." Blunder shook his head, losing a little interest in Vritra, but still a bit hopeful. He wondered if this young boy had any kind of special means to protect himself.

Vritra didn’t care about anything. He exhausted a large amount of his energy as he formed a large sword with the dust and kept condensing it into a more compact form, making it extremely sharp.

Even if he was going down, that wouldn’t happen without a fight. His task was pretty easy—just to get himself killed. How hard could that be? What could go wrong?

Just get killed, remain a corpse for the entire battle, and then get revived after everyone leaves. It would be very painful and maybe a bit scary, but Vritra wondered how it would feel to die. Using the barbaric attack, he wished to get himself killed in one strike.

Blunder just watched Vritra prepare his attack. This was a strong move... but for someone of his level, to strong people like them, it was nothing more than a tap with a soft leaf.

Vritra condensed a large sword that was dozens of meters long and extremely sharp. With a thunderous roar, he shot forward while at the same time, the sword descended on top of Blunder, who just stood there calmly.

BOOOOOM!!

In the two armies, all the men below the rank of Legion were quite surprised by that attack. That attack shouldn’t be possible with his current level. Even the mana used was too large, but in the end, it was still useless.

Vritra struck Blunder’s chest with all his might—of course, without the use of ’Shift’. His muscles were bulging, but the moment his fist struck Blunder, aside from a loud sound, there was no effect at all. The entire force was just absorbed by Blunder’s muscles.

"Haa. What a disappointment, and here I thought you were better than that. Why couldn’t you have entertained me for a bit longer? Looks like, in the face of death, even you can’t make rational decisions," Blunder spoke as he saw the shock visible over Vritra’s face.

"Well, I have already wasted enough time. I can’t make my guests wait any longer, so let’s end this game right here..." Blunder’s face twisted into an unsightly grin as his lips spread wide, before he added: "for now, that is."

Before Vritra could react, Blunder lightly slapped Vritra’s chest with the back of his hand. Casually, a blood energy consumed his body before he was thrown back toward the ground at lightning speed, becoming a blur before he struck the ground and his body was embedded in a deep crater.

COUGH COUGH

Vritra’s vision became hazy.

Every bone in his body had been shattered and the skin all over his body was torn. His blood seemed to be affected by that red energy as it transformed into some sort of acid and began to burn his body from the inside.

Since Blunder had decided not to kill Vritra instantly, that was why he survived just barely. But even with his healing skill and Shift working in the background, the condition of his body got worse and worse.

He was so close to death—yet just one step away. Vritra couldn’t do anything. Even his brain was severely damaged and his energy reserves had been disrupted, injuring him in the process.

His vitality dropped rapidly from 100% to less than 3% in an instant and continued to decrease. He was barely breathing, but each breath brought a wave of pain along with it.

The pain and injury he got upon swallowing the demon lord’s core seemed like a joke at this moment. Vritra couldn’t even feel most of his body, and he stared at the sky with a hazy red vision, completely unaware of what was happening around him.

He just lay in the crater like a corpse. Because of Blunder’s twisted personality, the very first step seemed to have failed. Blunder wanted Vritra to suffer more, so he didn’t kill Vritra instantly, but sent him almost to death’s door.

"Now that he is taken care of, shall we start our business?" After looking at the broken Vritra with satisfaction, Blunder looked at the five men from the Nine Pacts and the three demon generals.

"Tell me, are you the one who stole our core?" Silquor asked, quickly forgetting about what had just transpired. None of them were good people, so they wouldn’t care about anyone insignificant. If they weren’t in such a bad mood, they might even have enjoyed the pathetic death of a pathetic human.

"Hahaha. And what if I am? What are you going to do?" Blunder asked arrogantly, placing his hands over his waist and puffing his chest, making fun of the demon general Thaddeus.

"Before we start, let me finish him," Faceless said while looking at Vritra. After all, that was their task, and it was better to kill him now than to watch him suffer in pain before he died.

They weren’t like the Bone Blood Cult who enjoyed murdering others. They had a goal, and they did whatever it took to achieve it.

Vritra’s condition was already so bad, there was barely any life left in him; he was far too broken that just a light nudge might send him to the afterlife.

"Try it if you can. And since he is already here, why don’t we let him watch our epic fight? He will be able to go to the afterworld with such a great memory—what could be a better parting gift for someone like him?" Blunder laughed as he saw Vritra’s barely open eyes. He was finally enjoying this.

For the first time in his life, Blunder made a blunder that he would only come to know about—and regret—after a short time.

A blunder that made him have nightmares for the remaining period of his life, changed his personality greatly, and broke him completely.

The regret of not killing Vritra directly and just letting Vritra continue with his plan.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...