Chapter 447: Punishment Time [R-18]

Yennefer’s entire body was extremely sensitive, and she so badly wanted to eat up Vritra’s cock with her lower mouth, but she could only watch for now as the fox bounced on top of him.

’Sigh, only if I hadn’t gone along with that piece of shit Darius’s plan, neither would husband have met this fox, and right now it just might have been the two of us,’ she thought, but there was no point in regret now.

The room was filled with the erotic sounds their bodies were making.

Her moans were getting louder and louder as the penis continued to reach deeper and deeper inside Maeve.

"Husband, can I...?" The itch in her vagina was just becoming unbearable, and Yennefer really wanted him to do something about it; she had been waiting for so long already.

Vritra understood her. Before she could finish, he held her hand and gave a light pull.

Yennefer didn’t resist as her body got pulled on top of Vritra, and this act again awakened her kinks.

"Ahh, will you pleasure me, husband?" she asked, excitement clearly visible in her eyes.

Vritra didn’t answer. He tightly held her thighs and pulled her forward, as her drenched pussy lips landed over his mouth.

"Haaaah~" Yennefer let out a melodic moan as Vritra began to eat up her pussy. Her back bent forward as her fingers entangled with his hair.

A shiver ran through her body as his tongue made its way past her labia, rubbing against her folds and poking all the way deep inside her.

SLURP SLURP

Again, using the intra shuffle, the length of his tongue increased as he licked and sucked at her vagina.

Her tasty love juices flooded into his mouth.

The taste of all his women was completely different, but all of them were extremely delicious.

Maeve didn’t pause, bouncing up and down and swirling her waist around, rubbing and poking deep within her body.

There were a few points in her vagina that felt especially good; letting the tip poke there made her reach heaven.

"Mmmmm~ Hnnnggggg~ M- master t- this is s- so good Hnnngggg~"

"A- Ahhhhh husband r- right there mmmm~ uuumphh~" Yennefer grinded her vagina over his mouth, loving the movements of his tongue.

The two women were feeling extremely good.

Maeve was the first to reach climax. She pushed herself down and felt the head of his cock poking directly into her womb, sending unimaginable pleasure.

SPLASH SPLASH

And finally, she orgasmed, pausing as the cock finally entered her womb, going way too deep inside her.

But Vritra didn’t let the demoness wait, as he squeezed her ass once again and continued with the piston-like movement.

It wasn’t long before Yennefer orgasmed too. Under the constant assault of his tongue, her insides couldn’t take it any longer.

Just as his long tongue pressed against her erogenous zone, Yennefer hugged his head as love juices flooded out of her pussy.

GULP GULP

Vritra drank the sweet juices, his tongue still rubbing and twisting deep in her.

After a few moments, she finally stopped and fell to the side, panting heavily, as his tongue finally came out of her pussy.

Then he focused completely on Maeve.

Rolling over, he climbed on top of the fox whose body already seemed to have lost most of its strength.

"Just enjoy now, foxie," Vritra said, wiping his lips.

Then he thrust his cock deep into her.

Her vagina was still incredibly tight, the fleshy folds sticking to his cock. But with all the love juices, moving became a lot easier and more enjoyable.

The sound of flesh hitting flesh filled the room.

Maeve’s moans became way louder than before. Only now did the demoness understand what sex truly was; her thrusts weren’t half as powerful as his.

Each push shoved the tip directly into her womb.

Maeve really felt as if she might go mad with pleasure, her expressions becoming erotic.

After a while, as the thrusts reached the highest speed the demoness could handle, Vritra finally shot his burning hot semen deep into her womb.

SPURT SPURT

"Haanngggg~ M- master Mhmmm~ yes g- give it all to me, Hnnnn~ yeaaaaa~ so hot."

Maeve felt the large amount of semen filling up her belly from inside. It felt so hot and full.

He came so much that the demoness felt as if she had just eaten a full meal, as the hot cum stretched the walls of her womb.

Finally, after a minute, he stopped.

After keeping it inside her for a few more moments, Vritra finally pulled it out.

Her cave was flooded with thick semen; her entrance twitched and squeezed, almost like trying to hold all of his essence inside.

The sight instantly made him hard once again, but foxie would need a rest for a few minutes.

Vritra’s gaze now moved towards the gorgeous and hot Yennefer.

Their eyes met, and both wanted the exact same thing.

Getting a hold of her arm, Vritra pulled her closer and then turned her body around as Yennefer got on all fours.

"Are you ready?" Vritra asked.

He held his penis with one hand and continued to press the head against her wet petals, slightly pushing it inside before pulling back.

While with the other hand, he squeezed her soft ass.

"Yesss, husband, please put it inside me. I want it, I need it!" Yennefer answered with urgency in her voice, loving this sexy pose.

Though it was a bit shameful, pleasure was all that mattered now.

SMACK

"Ahhh~"

Vritra gave a spank on her ass as her soft ass cheek jiggled and a clear handprint appeared, making him more excited.

And in the next moment, he thrust his penis deep into her, pushing with full strength as it directly pressed against her cervix.

"Hnnnggggg~ Ohhhh~" Yennefer didn’t expect Vritra to be so rough right from the beginning, but she just loved it.

Without giving her any time for adjustments, Vritra began to fuck her hard from behind. This pose made his cock hit just the right spots.

Vritra tightly held her waist, constantly squeezing and spanking her ass—a little bit for punishment for making him so jealous before, and also because the feeling of hitting her flesh was just incredible.

Her insides clung to his cock tightly. Her pussy felt completely different from Maeve’s.

Each time the tip struck her womb, her pulsating insides would tighten incredibly, as if trying to squeeze the soul out right from his cock.

SMACK SMACK

Soon the room was filled with lewd sounds, every thrust sending Yennefer’s mind to oblivion.

She would have already fallen forward had Vritra not been holding her tightly.

Leaning forward, Vritra kissed her neck from behind while squeezing and kneading her breasts, pinching her nipples.

Such play and intimacy made her remember how they used to fuck so much in the abandoned city.

Getting her entire body stimulated, Yennefer too couldn’t last too long.

She orgasmed as her love juices splashed over Vritra’s body, and her pussy tightened further.

But Vritra continued with his thrusting and finally filled her belly after she had experienced a few more orgasms.

"Mmmmm~ Hnnnggggg~ Ooooof~" she let out loud moans as the hot semen flooded into her womb, sticking to her insides.

His cock buried deep into her vagina, shooting so much thick semen.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...