Chapter 332: Uninvited Guests

Grrrraaaaahhh!!

The painful wail of an abomination rang out as the spikes of the hedgehog-like creatures pierced deep into its countless eyes while its eyes exploded because of the strong acidic poison.

At that moment, Vritra made the RipMaw stumble while using Forbidden, Dimensional Book, Suck! Suck! Suck! at the same time; taking the creature completely off guard.

Although these abominations possessed intelligence, they were like robots, made to always be efficient, so when faced with the same sort of problem their patterns were almost the same.

Vritra made the skin and teeth of the creature several times softer, just as the abomination started to transform so it could get used to Vritra’s skills, he pounced at the abomination’s back.

The heart of different RipMaws was at different places, this one had it in its lower abdomen.

Vritra plunged two big knives into the softened skin and then pulled them apart with all his strength.

The Shift ability pushed his strength to the limits.

KRRRIIIIIIIIIIIRRRRR

While transforming, the creature tried to shake Vritra off but its front hands were too big, so the creature couldn’t reach its back, unable to even touch him.

’Almost, I am almost there...’ Vritra gritted his teeth as he punched into the ripped flesh, pushing his hand closer to the Sin Coin.

Just as Vritra’s fingers came in contact with the Sin Coin, he shouted: "Devour!!"

Instantly, a bright light came out of the abomination’s body, making it scream and tremble violently.

The heart melted into viscous liquid that slowly climbed over Vritra’s arm and was absorbed through the countless tiny pores.

Just as his body had started absorbing it, Vritra jumped back, creating some distance with the dying creature.

"Huff huff, I won!!" he exclaimed, watching the creature die as it broke into countless tiny bugs, which all perished on the ground.

This was already the fifth abomination that Vritra had killed today.

With each kill, not only his level but even his experience in handling those creatures was increasing.

Killing this one was several times easier than the first couple of abominations he had killed, not to mention the rapid increase in his strength.

{You have cleansed one RipMaw!!}

{You have devoured one Sin Coin!!}

{Sin Coin → 6/2500}

{You have levelled up!!}

{Evolution in process...}

Then the familiar messages popped in front of him.

Though his strength was growing rapidly, he was still not strong enough to defeat an abomination in a fair one-on-one fight without getting close to death himself.

’It took me nearly thirty to forty minutes to lure and kill each of the abominations, so I have already spent nearly seven hours here already.

Hmm, it should be around 2 in the afternoon.’ Vritra calculated the time in his mind.

There was still quite some time before the sky started turning dark, so he had time to hunt a few more of these deadly creatures.

Filled with determination, Vritra began to set up more traps.

Once his level was high enough, he would be able to kill those creatures without all this preparation and could even fight several at once.

While dreaming about the future, Vritra quickly set up four more traps in nearly two hours.

And then began another round of hunting. He went to the temple, entered the disappearing state, and then threw the stone at one of the abominations.

Once he was sure that only the targeted abomination had woken up from its strange state, he revealed himself and fled from there.

ROAR

Letting out a small roar, the creature ran out of the temple and followed Vritra.

He had noticed that killing humans and eating them seemed to be the favourite activity of these creatures, as they would abandon everything after seeing him.

Appearing at the place with the cross, Vritra started with the same routine and it worked perfectly.

***

"Haa haa, killing these creatures is still so tiring. They are so strong, there is just no chance of a normal person ever being able to kill one." Vritra mumbled as he rested with his back against a tree.

He had just killed the fourth abomination of the second batch, so in total he had killed nine of them in a single day.

It was a great leap.

{Sin Coin → 10/2500}

{You have levelled up!!}

{Evolution in process...}

The number was still so far away, but Vritra was determined to reach 2500 as fast as he could.

"I guess this will be all for today, let’s head back now." Standing up, Vritra scanned his surroundings, then he ran at a speed much faster than the previous day.

Just ten levels had increased his strength so much.

After covering a few kilometres, Vritra paused, then he hunted a few beasts and threw them all into his Dimensional Book, heading back to the town in a good mood.

At least for now, everything seemed to be going fine.

After getting close to the town, Vritra took out all the stuff from the book and carried them inside.

But upon getting closer, he noticed that there seemed to be some sort of commotion going on.

Vritra dropped the materials and the corpses close to his house, then he went to the town hall, outside which a small group had gathered.

"What’s wrong?" he asked upon seeing Mark.

"Ah Ben, you are back, good job man, surviving yet another day in that dangerous forest." Mark said with a chuckle, then he added:

"Around an hour or so ago, the train came again and this time it brought along around twenty men."

"Oh twenty?!!" Vritra was surprised, but seeing Mark’s expression he asked: "Don’t tell me it’s the people from the Bone Blood Cult?"

"You guessed it. Sigh, yes, they were all from the BBC, those tiny dick bastards." Mark cursed.

"Did something happen?" Vritra asked. It seemed he might have to take care of these cultists before the abominations.

"Right after entering the town, they started to cause chaos. They attacked and almost killed several people, we killed around eleven of them and captured four, while five managed to run away.

I wish they get devoured by those monsters." Mark replied, a cold expression on his face.

"I am not sure, but this time they certainly had a mission in coming to this place, but I don’t think torturing them would give us any result." He added.

’A mission huh.’ Vritra thought, and it wasn’t hard for him to guess what missions they could have other than unlocking secrets of this place.

’Maybe they just sent those people to confirm the empress is dead, but that’s a dumb decision unless they have found some way to send their messages to the outside world...’

The more Vritra pondered about it, the clearer it all became to him.

Those five men must have already grouped with the other members of the Bone Blood Cult.

So, Blunder and others knew some things about the abandoned town, and they wished to kill the empress while she was at her weakest using these men.

"Are those people kept in the town hall?" Vritra asked.

He wanted to confirm a few things with the brave men who had come to kill the empress.

"Yes, they are inside and Chopper and Duffus are questioning them." Mark answered.

Vritra nodded and headed straight into the town hall.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...