Chapter 384: The Game

"Green Claw? Hmm, I did hear something about him being punished into the Midnight Party by the empress. It is the biggest black market, by the way," Onest said.

For the past few days, he hadn’t been idle.

As a professional and respected thief, he of course collected quite a bit of information.

"I see," Vritra replied emotionlessly. Despite appearing calm, his mind was quite unstable after hearing of that wedding news.

"...Has the empress made any statement related to that marriage news?" Vritra questioned after a moment. He had forgiven her the previous time, but this was just too much.

"No, she has been silent. Actually, there hasn’t been any official news about the marriage yet—it’s like someone is spreading rumors.

But the announcement about a special event being held tomorrow was announced, so everyone believes it to be true," Onest replied, while Shitless got busy gulping the drinks.

"..." Vritra nodded.

Whatever may be the reason behind it, even if there was some reason behind it, he was still quite upset after hearing this and felt like seeing her would only make him angrier.

"Don’t worry hubby, I am right here with you. And... let’s first see what exactly is going on. It just might be someone taking advantage of the situation," Yasmine said, trying to lighten his mood.

’Hmm...’ Vritra knew if this was just fake news then Yennefer should have already made some announcement, unless she knows nothing of it, which is just impossible.

Pushing this matter to the back of his mind for now, he looked at the two and shared his plan.

"Will that be okay?" Onest asked in concern.

"Let’s do it!" Shitless said. It’s been so many days since he’s done anything.

***

"Sigh, I still remember the time when Green Claw used to piss in his clothes. Haha, remember you almost cut off his little claw when he leaked on your new armor?"

Vin laughed, patting the middle-aged man’s back.

’Sob, how long are they going to stay here? They have been torturing me for nearly twenty days now, so this is why the empress sent me here?’

Green Claw felt like crying, he was happy that the punishment was very easy before.

"MUNCH MUNCH Sigh, look how much he has grown, he looks older than us now," Tin added, wiping away fake tears.

"Brothers and their sisters, fat and thin, tall and short.

All of you are invited to come and try this wonderful game, and get a chance to win FREE gold coin!!" Suddenly a loud female voice attracted the attention of three wandering men.

They turned their heads and saw a stall with three people standing behind it.

One was a beautiful blonde woman, one was a man in his late fifties, while one was a handsome, weak-looking young master with a paper fan in hand.

Quite a few people were attracted towards their stall; the frail-looking young master was holding a red knife, looking just as weak as him.

"The greatest young master, the man who makes others’ existence seem as insignificant as the word ’hand’ in ’handicap’; the main character who makes everyone feel like useless extras; the man whose sight alone can make all your wives we-"

"COUGH That’s enough." While waving the paper fan, the young master stopped the blonde beauty from continuing.

"Behold, this is the young master from the greatest family, strongest, richest—he is none other than Fang Yan!" Shit-Sonia announced, grabbing attention of lots of passersby.

Vritra stood with his face half-covered with the fan, he knew it was going to be a bad idea but at least Shitless got him a lot of sin points.

"Did you say free coins? What is going on here?" The moment he heard ’free,’ Vin’s interest was already peaked, not to mention the sight of such a beautiful woman.

The twin pulled Green Claw along towards the stall and pushed all the others back.

"Yes, yes, this is a small game. You just need a bronze coin to enter and if you win, you can get one gold coin.

Additionally, a comfortable massage from me," Onest spoke, scanning the crowd to see anything of value.

He also possessed the ability to peek into others’ inventory or storage glyphs.

"Oh, what kind of game?" Vin asked excitedly.

"Let me play it first." Tin said, with a flirtatious smile towards Sonia.

"Yes, it’s a game to see just how manly you actually are." Sonia said, batting her eyes seductively and then added:

"The participants have to put their hand on the table, then our greatest young master will use that knife to strike the table, in the space between your fingers. If you can remain perfectly still, then you win."

"Just that? Isn’t that too easy?" Green Claw said with a frown, he just wanted to leave.

"Here is the bronze coin, now let me participate," Vin wasted no time and pulled out a bronze coin, tossing it to the table.

"Wait, what if you accidentally hit our fingers or hand?" Green Claw said, but looking at the knife, he doubted it could even cut through their defences.

"Then you get five gold coins and a chance to go out with me~" Sonia replied, leaning forward slightly, as the gazes of all the men focused on her.

"COUGH Let’s not waste any time, start this game asap." Vin said hurriedly, he had been bored in this place anyway.

And there were no signs of the person they were searching for, so it wouldn’t hurt to play with this beauty a bit.

"Tsk, let me try it first." Tin said, his gaze fixed on Sonia.

But Vin had already placed his right hand over the table, a confident smile on his face as he looked at Shitless.

"I am going to start," Vritra said, then he held the knife upside down and began to strike the table rapidly, without even looking down.

TUK TUK TUK TUK

For a minute, Vritra kept striking but Vin didn’t flinch even a little.

"Congratulations, you have won!" Vritra said, showing the back side of the paper with the letters: Winner!

Then Sonia passed a gold coin to him and Onest began to massage his shoulder.

"Wait, can’t I get a massage from her?" Vin asked, while his brother went ahead for the challenge.

"You can, after I am done. She charges a total of 100 gold coins for the massage though," Onest replied, while secretly pulling out a few things from his inventory.

Next, Tin paid the bronze coin then placed his right hand over the table and after a minute he became the winner.

After which, he received the gold coin and a massage.

"Hey, you do it too, hurry up." The twins said as they each paid 100 gold coins to Shitless to massage them.

"Huh? Why should I? I don’t have any interest in this," Green Claw protested but under the threatening gazes of the twins, he sighed and paid the bronze coin and placed his right hand over the table.

"Do it, it’s not like that flimsy knife could hurt you. Just give us the money if you don’t need it."

Vritra smiled and announced: "Get ready, I am starting."

TUK TUK TUK

SWISH

Like a hot knife cutting through butter, Green Claw’s forefinger was cut off cleanly, as after a moment a stream of blood rushed out.

"H-Huh? Ukkhhyyaaaaa!"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...