Chapter 358: The Button

The guards waved their hands as they watched the car drive away, then one of the guards scratched his head and asked:

"Captain, if he really was Rich then why didn’t he directly teleport into the continent?"

The leader of the guards shook his head, patted the guard’s shoulder before saying with a sigh, "Poor people like you can’t understand what goes through the mind of rich people like us."

"Oh..."

***

The car was going through the path in the forest, seven people were sitting inside, humming to the rhythm of the music that Vritra had created through the misty essence.

Unlike their expectation, it was a rather enjoyable ride.

Vritra was driving, Monk Shitless sat beside him, the three women sat behind them, and Onest sat on the back seat which was meant for luggage.

The weather was sunny, sunlight was peeking through the dense trees, faint sounds of beasts and insects could be heard.

"Haa, such fresh air..." Onest moved his head out of the window and took a deep breath, but then warm droplets fell onto his face, making him wonder if it was raining.

"Huh, what is this smell..." As more of the drops fell onto his face, he opened his eyes and looked up but there was no rain.

Then he looked to the front and saw that Monk Shitless was also leaning out of the window and vomiting nonstop.

"!!!" For a moment Onest was frozen, then disgust crept into every single cell as he shouted and began to wash himself.

"You damned monk, what the hell are you doing?"

...

"Can I drive it?" As Monk Shitless’s motion sickness got better, he spoke excitedly, gazing at the vehicle excitedly.

"No, I don’t want the car to explode." Vritra rejected. Driving the car was rather easy; he just needed to control the steering wheel, accelerator, and brake.

They drove for a few hours and then took a break to eat. Thankfully they had enough fresh food stored, so they didn’t have to worry.

"Can I drive this time?" Monk Shitless asked, with a pleading look. His Bullo was tied above the car; the heavy bull was sleeping peacefully.

"Nope." Vritra answered as they got back into the car and were ready to continue with their ride.

...

By the time it was evening, and the forest seemed especially dark, the howls of the beasts had gone quiet.

Zrrrrrrr...

The sound that the car was producing had become quite clear now; the insects buzzed with a faint sound.

As the group of seven got close to the cliff, the car came to a halt. Vritra got out of the car and saw that the cliff was too steep and wide, while the bridge was broken.

So to cross along with the car they would have to fly to the other side. Vritra returned to the car and spoke: "The bridge ahead is broken so hold tight, I will be bringing the car to the other side."

"Wait, let me make the jump!! If we travel at full speed and go along the slope, then the car can make the jump." Monk Shitless said excitedly.

"No, there is no need to take the risk." Vritra again refused and ignoring the monk, he just flew to the other side, bringing the car along.

The guards had warned them to be careful ahead of this bridge, so as he put the car down, Vritra scanned his surroundings.

Thankfully there wasn’t anything around.

"Pitiful one, please sob please just let me drive for once, I promise I will be careful. I- If I cause any trouble then Your sword, Onest’s neck, he will be ready for any punishment."

Monk Shitless said, putting his hands together pitifully.

"You crooked monk, why are you dragging me into this?" Onest shouted from behind.

"Sigh, fine, just for ten minutes." Vritra finally gave in to his demand.

And so everyone sat cautiously in their seats as the crazy monk began to drive, shooting the car forward at full speed.

***

Inside the forest, a long distance away from the car in which Vritra and the group were traveling.

In a bright spacious cave, thousands of demons could be seen. On the throne at the front of the cave, a demon wearing a black outfit sat as he stared at his army with the single eye on his face.

In front of the army of thousands, two demons stronger than the rest stood, kneeling in front of the demon general.

This demon general’s strength was comparable to the three demon generals that Vritra had met previously, Thaddeus and the others.

After a few minutes he spoke, looking at his two stupid but useful underlings, who were both in the fifth legion ranks.

"How is the preparation for the city humans built going on?"

"General, as you had instructed, we had finished our job." One of the two demons answered, his body looked quite similar to a large bat, with big wings on his back.

"Good, I knew you could be idiotic but you always get the job done." The one-eyed demon general praised, his wide lips stretching almost to the back of his head.

"General, with just one press of the button, we will make humans understand the terror of us demons once again."

The other underling added, a big grin on his face, his body was also like a bat but a rather fat one.

"Hahaha That bastard Sirius dared to challenge me, now I am going to show him what exactly I am capable of." After a good hard laugh, the demon general took out a communication glyph and asked:

"Is it time?"

Then a reply came from the other side: "No General, they are still celebrating, wait for ten more minutes. I will give the signal when it will be time."

"Good, keep an eye on them." The one-eyed demon said before putting away the glyph and extending his right hand towards one of the underlings and asked:

"I will give you a huge reward soon, now give me the button."

"Keke thank you general, here is the button—" the tall underling put his hand into pockets but then froze. He checked all his pockets and, clearing his throat, he said.

"F- Fratty, I gave you the button right? Give it to the general."

"..." the demon general maintained the same smile and now pointed his hand towards Fratty.

"Ah right, you gave it to me, Trall." Fratty nodded and put his hand into his pocket, only to freeze a moment later, then he nervously checked all his pockets and spoke with a look of shock on his face.

"O- Oh right, we set up the button in the forest, exactly at the place where the human general Sirius smashed your face into the ground.

W- We wanted to give you a surprise but forgot to inform you about it." Fratty said, the fat on his body jiggling in fear.

"What?!!" One-eyed demon stood over his single leg, glaring at the two in rage.

"You left that button in the middle of the forest with no one around and you just forgot to mention it?!!" The general could barely balance his body on the single leg as he felt his blood boil.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...