Chapter 705 Suspicious Activity

"Did you guys come from Riverdel?" Smoker asked with a kind smile on his face, acting like a gentleman.

"Yes, we somehow managed to escape from a dangerous mutant there, but ended up losing most of our male companions."

Sonia spoke, her body covered by clothes completely.

"Oh that's too bad, only by relying on each other can we survive this apocalypse. We have enough food here, you all can stay as long as you want." Ribbit chimed in quickly.

"Also with me here, no mutant could harm you." Hunter added, secretly glancing at all the women.

Seeing them from this distance, they were far more beautiful, those men could barely hide their lust.

"Ah thank you very much, we promise we won't be a burden to you." Onest spoke.

"There are several vacant rooms, you can take them." Smoker said, blowing out a wisp of smoke.

Nodding, the group thanked them again and just entered two of the rooms.

Vritra was with all his wives while Shitless and Onest were in one room.

Seeing this arrangement, the men standing outside were baffled.

"W- Why is that bastard staying with all those women?" someone in the small crowd asked, feeling frustrated.

While some people die of thirst, others are drowning in it.

"No matter what, we will make our move soon. Ribbit, make sure to check out their strength, once we are sure hehe." Smoker said with a big smile.

But just then, the moans of a woman started to ring out of the room.

It was Sonia's moan, the people outside became even angrier.

There were no women in the entire building, it has been months since they last saw a woman, and that too was an old woman.

And these people were enjoying themselves to this degree.

KNOCK KNOCK

Ribbit decided to interrupt them, he knocked and decided to probe their strength.

Vritra sat on the bed in the other room with his wives, he yawned and then lay back.

"Darling, why don't we just kill them instead of wasting time?" Fiona asked, she didn't like those disgusting gazes.

"To extract information of course, let Shitless take care of it." Vritra replied.

"Extract information?" Vanessa repeated in surprise.

"Yes, sir Shitless is good at such tasks. For now, just enjoy your rest, we will continue once we find anything useful."

Vritra replied with a faint smile, then he took Vanessa's arm and pulled her to lie beside him.

"Hmm with their strength, they should be fine." Vanessa mumbled, then hugged her son, cuddling like this was just great.

On the other side, Smoker, Ribbit, Hunter and all the others were standing outside the door.

After a few seconds, the door opened and Onest peeked his head out.

"What is it?" he asked impatiently.

"Um If it's not a problem then can I come inside and-" Ribbit was speaking but he was interrupted.

"It is a problem, get lost now." Onest said before shutting the door hard.

'This bastard!' Ribbit was enraged, who dares to talk to him like that.

'Control, I will deal with him later on.' He consoled himself and knocked again.

"What the fuck do you want?" Onest shouted, peeking his head out.

"Actually, I need to talk to you about something privately, so can I-" before he could finish, Onest's hand shot out and clutched Ribbit's collar and dragged him inside the room.

Everyone outside was shocked, they looked at Smoker to see if they should do anything or just wait.

"L- Let's wait for now." Smoker said with a frown, he trusted Ribbit a lot.

Anyone could betray him, maybe even Hunter, but not Ribbit, even before the apocalypse they had been together.

They were almost like father and son.

"Ahhhh~"

Suddenly, everyone's expressions froze when they heard a moan from inside the room.

Smoker was the one to receive the highest level of shock, Ribbit actually went ahead and started to have fun.

"T- That pig, I said I would be the first to choose among the women!!" Hunter shouted, his body shaking and he just wanted to tear the door apart.

"That son of a bitch, he doesn't even respect his leader. Let him have her, he is only getting one woman and will be the one to go out in search of food alone." Smoker cursed angrily.

Moans continued to ring out from inside, and soon.

"Ahhhhh Fuck N- Not so hard ughhhhh T- Too deep!! Nooooo" suddenly, Ribbit's screams sounded from inside the room, startling everyone outside.

They glanced at each other and gulped, those few words left strange images in their minds.

"B- Boss, is Ribbit fine? M- Maybe we should go help him? I- I didn't know he had such strange tastes…" Hunter spoke, feeling a chill upon hearing the word deep.

So instead of an exit that guy treated his ass as an entrance?

They all felt disgusted, and then more and more of Ribbit's noises rang out, he kept shouting those same words.

Too deep, it's tearing me apart, it's flowing out, not so hard, not two at once, it's flowing…

"Huh? Two? Then the woman and man both have it?" all of them felt a chill.

"I- I think we should leave him alone for now, what do you think boss? He can also test their strength, with the poundin- I mean, his special skills." Hunter suggested.

Hearing this and imagining the stuff inside was pure torture.

Quickly, the people emptied the floor and walked away, they needed to plan how to kill the two men.

They needed to win the trust of the women instead of just forcefully capturing them, that way they would stay here willingly.

As the crowd dispersed, Onest removed his hand from Ribbit's mouth who was tied to a chair with two knives buried deep into his belly, hot blood flowing out.

"You bastards, once they find out, you are all going to die!!" Ribbit shouted with a tear filled face.

They muffled his screams, only letting him say those shameful things, he could imagine what those people must be thinking.

Ribbit's ability was his intelligence, his quick reflexes and fast speed, yet all of that was useless here.

He looked at the beautiful woman who turned into a red mutant, the ugly bald guy was grinning hideously.

Shitless really looked like a terrifying villain, a monster.

Sonia had already used her charms to get some information out of him, and they found out about some crow man.

There was a high chance it was a player.

After torturing him, they didn't get anything else.

"I guess we are done here." Onest said, his arms crossed over his chest.

"What are we going to do with him then?" they both looked at Ribbit who was scared badly.

"SOB p- please spare me, I have a family, I am innocent. I have never SOB h- harmed anyone ughh please I am begging you."

Ribbit instantly started to beg, and the two really felt pity for him.

"I think we should let him go, he doesn't look like a bad guy." Onest said.

"But what if he tells others about us? They will come to hunt us down." Shitless mumbled.

"N- No I won't do it, I won't tell anyone. I will keep silent! I will be your slave, don't kill me!" Ribbit thought, though there was no way he could forgive them.

"Alright we are sparing you." The two nodded.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...