Chapter 559 The Revelations

"Thank you piti- uhm sir Vritra." Shitless said with a big smile, putting away the bell carefully.

"Thank you, Vritra. I will do my best." Onest too showed his gratitude.

Vritra nodded, as the two started to leave, but then he tilted his head in confusion. Didn't the monk always call him pitiful one?

Why not now? Well, that wasn't really important, but Vritra still felt he needed to know and called out.

"Shitless."

"Yes?"

"Just now, why didn't you call me pitiful one? And to begin with, why did you always call me that?" Vritra questioned, though he had always neglected it.

"Hmm." Shitless narrowed his eyes and then looked him up and down before answering.

"You used to have such a big bubble of misfortune on you before, which represented the miseries of your life and regrettable end." Shitless said before adding:

"But I can no longer see it on you, almost as if it had been separated away from you somehow…"

Monk Shitless himself seemed a bit confused while saying it.

"Huh?" Vritra wasn't really surprised that Shitless could actually see through one's fate, but how could all that misfortune just disappear?

Could it be because of my rebirth?

He pondered and then questioned:

"The last time we met, when you had just destroyed that temple, did I still have all that misfortune? I remember you calling me that even then."

The monk thought hard. They indeed met after Vritra had returned more than two years later after the war.

"Yeah, you still had it then." Shitless nodded and replied.

Then it certainly wasn't because of rebirth. How did all his misfortune just disappear then?

'Was I that unlucky?' Despite all the dangers and challenges, Vritra considered himself lucky enough to be able to live with his family.

But that too wasn't important now.

While pondering, Vritra's gaze landed over Teresa.

'Wait, could it be that Tess stole all my bad luck? But I thought contact with me wouldn't harm her, and she did say it didn't.'

If it was really true, then that would be bad. He turned to face her and questioned:

"Tess, answer me honestly. Did you steal my bad fate?"

Teresa was paying attention to their discussion. Her ability didn't allow her to just see others' fate, or not yet at least.

Only by coming in contact could she even see their fate currently, and from the beginning she was not able to see Vritra's fate.

"No, I couldn't do that even if I wanted to." Teresa shook her head.

But just to confirm, Vritra pointed at Teresa and asked:

"Shitless, does she have that bubble or whatever of misfortune?"

"Hmm, no. She does have a lot of misfortunes in her life, but her bubble is way smaller than what you had previously." Shitless answered.

Fiona just stood there silently. At first it was just Vritra's curiosity, but somehow now it seemed a bit serious.

'Then what could be the reason? How did it separate… separate?' Suddenly his eyes widened as he thought of something.

Yasmine!

Her soul was stored in his body previously. Could it be her misfortune that Shitless mistook for Vritra's?

After the dragoness had obtained her body, she had never appeared before Shitless, or even in her soul form she never really appeared in front of others.

The more Vritra thought, the more it made sense. That was the only possible reason.

Suddenly filled with worry, Vritra called her out in his mind.

Since the two were still connected, he could still talk to her and share his senses with her.

'Wifey… Wifey? Wifey! Yasmine!!'

Vritra called out several times, but there was no reply. This only increased the worry in his heart.

From the beginning, he had a bad feeling about the dragons, like they might have somehow betrayed Yasmine.

Most didn't seem very happy to see her back, they just pretended.

Vritra was about to dismiss them and go check the dragon realm, but then Shitless spoke:

"Now that I look closely, I can see similarities between her and your previous bubble of misfortune in fate."

While speaking, he pointed towards Teresa and added:

"If you still had it, I would have said you two shared a very, very close bond, like… like siblings."

"!!!"

This piece of news surprised Vritra even more.

'Siblings? Then does that mean Yasmine and Teresa are sisters? Huh?' Vritra felt as if someone was messing with his mind.

Yasmine was one of the Divine's sisters?

The one who possessed two abilities and after death created two of the strongest mythic halos?

Was that why the demon gods went out of their way to kill her? The demons instantly put her at their top priority the moment they knew Yasmine was alive.

"Are you sure that they could be considered siblings?" Vritra asked again, all sorts of thoughts running through his mind.

"They? Based on your previous fate, yeah, I am sure. I can clearly see the similarities and connections." Shitless answered, absolute surety in his voice.

Vritra frowned and called out Divine in his mind but received no response.

He started forming connections from the beginning. Yasmine was saved by Nihil Anima, the mythic halo which was so weak at that time. It consumed all other souls, but not only did it not consume her,

this mythic halo protected and nurtured her soul, sharing some of the soul energy with her.

Maybe it was because they knew about her connection with the Divine that they tried to kill her previously.

The more he thought, the more facts started to align with one another.

Divine went through all that trouble, putting Vritra through hell only to increase his strength and push him so he could protect his sister.

All that for Teresa. Otherwise, Vritra could have grown stronger safely and slowly.

So him meeting Yasmine in that cave and many other things were not coincidences at all.

Maybe Yasmine's parents also knew about it. They passed away while protecting her.

Normally, once someone found out about one of the six truths, they would be under the gods' wrath and die.

But Yasmine knew the truth of gods, she knew their names, yet nothing happened to her.

If she was truly the other sister of Divine, then certainly nothing would happen to her.

In the vision Vritra had seen, Teresa was the youngest sister, while the other sister was the oldest among the three.

"Huh? Siblings? What does that mean?" Teresa looked strangely at the monk. There was no way she was Vritra's sister.

Vritra remained unmoved, his mind swirling with all sorts of thoughts, but then he put everything to a pause.

None of it was important right now. Yasmine might be in danger, and that was all that mattered.

He looked at Fiona and spoke: "Stay here and wait for me, I need to go check on Yasmine."

Then he looked at Teresa and, after pondering for a moment, sent her to the Divine realm.

For now, she would be safe there. He couldn't leave her alone.

'But there isn't a lord in existence who could defeat wifey, and even if it was someone from the Divine Kage, then she would still have enough time to tell me.'

Vritra had a feeling that whatever the cause might be, the level of danger far surpassed everything else.

Without wasting a moment, he teleported out of the Yate realm.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...