Chapter 718 How did he do it?

"T- The flying ship is gone?!!" one of the men muttered in disbelief, asking: "Did s- someone steal it while we were away?"

"You stupid bastard, is that a toy that anyone can pick and run away?" Asmodeus shouted.

The only reason he didn't leave anyone behind was simple, because most humans or mutants cannot break into that thing or just carry something that big and heavy away.

And he didn't trust these idiots all that much, the ship was safer without them around.

"But how can… someone just take it away?" more than angry, Asmodeus was curious.

There weren't any marks around either, he had put so much work into it, first stopping the flood water from reaching into this part of the city.

"It is fine, you set a tracker inside right?" Asmodeus looked back at one of the guys, his expression still not panicked.

"Y- Yes, I did lord. Right, why didn't I think of that, we can track it using that, no wonder you are the lord and we are just here to serve you." The man spoke with reverence in his voice.

"Sigh shut up and track it!" Asmodeus really felt like cracking his skull open.

"O- Okay…" the man quickly activated his skill, and closed his eyes but walked around in circles and after a few minutes paused with a frown.

"I- I can't find it somehow, it's as if the ship itself has disappeared from this planet." The man spoke fearfully.

"Damnit, what use are you then?" Asmodeus almost killed him, now full of rage.

Will he really need to build it all from scratch? But finding so many components that he couldn't build himself would be near impossible.

"Grrrr Let's first search around for it!" he ordered, his fists clenched.

The group then began to run around the city but even after a while they didn't find anything.

Just then the GPS guy paused, his eyes wide and a big smile on his face.

"Lord, I found it! The ship is in that direction, I can definitely sense it haha!!" he shouted.

Asmodeus followed the direction and found that it was going towards the tower.

"Are you sure?" he asked, staring intently at the underling.

"100%, it is definitely in that direction. Maybe those thieves got it started somehow and took it away." He added.

"Whatever might be the case, we have to find it. Take these objects along, let's go!"

Without wasting any time, they started running in the direction of the flying ship.

…

On the other side, Vritra and the others were helping Teresa, she had already understood the mechanics and was now close to fixing it.

"We will need a lot of fuel." Teresa spoke.

"You don't have to worry about that, I have a whole lot of petrol and diesel." Vritra said.

"Hmm they can work, just give me a little more time and I will try to get it running. For now, fill the diesel into the tank." Teresa spoke.

And Vritra took out a lot of barrels, filling the tank of the flying ship, it consumed so much of the diesel.

Thankfully, Vritra wasn't lacking and could get even more easily.

After filling the tank to the brim, he returned to Teresa's side.

"Hmm we are mostly done, but it looks like we will need some sort of key. I can get it started without the key but then we would be wasting a lot of time." Teresa said as a frown appeared over her face.

"What sort of key is it?" Vritra asked.

"It's a set of objects, like the pupil of its creator, his hands and his energy. Only that can start the fuel, in other words we will still need the creator." Teresa answered.

The creator was smart and had made preparations in advance just in case anyone tried to steal it.

If she wanted to remove the key mechanics, then a lot needed to be changed in it.

"So we need to find Asmodeus…" the frown on his face deepened, how were they going to find that guy now?

What if he had already travelled far enough towards the tower by creating a better flying ship or something?

"So, we have to abandon this?" he sighed but just then…

[A player has been detected in the city.]

Vritra had already killed three players, Morgan, Crow and that stupid lord.

"Could it be Asmodeus? Hmm did he come here for his ship?" he wondered.

But it was great news.

"The key might be coming to us on its own." Vritra said, as he led the group outside the flying ship.

They sat down and started eating while waiting.

"What if it's some other player?" Maeve asked.

"Then we kill and continue on our path, I am sure we will meet Asmodeus sooner or later." Vritra replied with a shrug.

Then he asked: "Tess, if you redo it all, how long do you think it will take?"

"Hmm I will have to literally change everything, so it might even take several weeks." She replied helplessly.

Vritra nodded, so finding Asmodeus was their only choice currently.

After they finished eating, the group was just walking around when they sensed a group of thirty or so approaching them sneakily.

"Here they are." Vritra said as the corners of his lips curled up into a smile.

None of them reacted though.

Asmodeus and the others were hidden thanks to the ability of one of the lackeys.

"There it is!! There really is our ship, those are the thieves!!" one of the underlings shouted, before getting a slap on his head.

"Stay silent." Asmodeus cursed then observed it all.

There were no marks under the flying ship but the land was created from some red object, so it was possible that the mark could disappear.

'Hmm' after a few more observations about the ship, he determined that the flying ship had not yet been activated.

"But then how did it get here?" several thoughts popped into his mind.

'Great, whoever was behind it, if only I can make them work under me. Life would be so easy!'

He finally glanced at the people and his eyes widened.

"Whoa, so many beauties? Am I dreaming? L- Lord, what is going on?" one of the men asked, pinching Asmodeus to wake him up.

"Ugh bastard, pinch yourself!" Asmodeus shouted, but the sight was truly shocking.

Even though he wasn't overly lustful, but seeing those women, even he was frozen.

"Let's go and have a chat with them." Asmodeus smiled, finally walking out towards the ten people who were lazily strolling around.

"Whoaaaa who are you? How did you find us? Oh no, we are dead, let me escape!" right as the big group arrived, Shitless began his shitty acting.

"No one leaves now!" Asmodeus spoke arrogantly, his gaze sweeping over the women before stopping at Vritra.

"Tell me, how did you bring this thing here?"

"About that, we picked it up and carried it here." Vritra answered, shrugging before asking:

"Are you Asmodeus?"

After asking, he also opened his status panel.

[You have come in contact with a player!]

[Eliminate him to steal his ascension path and opportunities!]

[Player: Asmodeus]

[Ability: Create]

[Ascension Path: Creation]

'Jackpot!!' Vritra's lips instantly stretched into a big smile as soon as he saw the name.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... 