Chapter 702 The Ninth Evolution!

"Finally, we are done, I am tired of this stench. It's so frustrating to eat here." Shitless complained.

"Right, I haven't even been able to sleep properly with all the noise around, sigh look how dark the circles under my eyes became. I look like a fucking Shitless!" Onest said, seeing his handsome face getting ruined.

"You mugger, why did you look at me while saying that and use my name?! Are you looking for a fight, huh? Huh?"

And as usual, the two started to quarrel.

Finally after more than fifteen days, Vritra was resting, although the pill gave him an endless amount of stamina and energy but finally the exhaustion was catching up to him.

Though with his current strength, it was nothing big, just a sleep and he would be fine.

Chuckling at their fight, Vritra with his head resting in Yennefer's lap opened the status panel to see his stats.

The numbers were surprisingly big, but he had to spend a lot of sin points upgrading the ascension path or they would have been higher.

『

[Stats] (Strength: 9,925) (Agility: 9,995)

 (Endurance: 9,933) (Spiritual: 9,999) {Free Attribute: 0} 』

{Sin Points: 34} Vritra's strength was close to the tenth evolution, the first was at reaching 100 then 1000, then 2000, 4000, 5000 and so on.

Except at 3000 attribute points.

The others' attributes were lower but they had all reached the ninth evolution, though barely.

Vritra could already control around three thousand creatures at once, this skill had helped him greatly.

He had to thank Morgan for this.

"These three weeks were very intense and full of hardships but it has pushed us far ahead of all the others, I don't think even any player has reached this level yet." Fiona spoke.

She actually enjoyed fighting quite a lot, and enjoying time with Vritra, doing both was just perfect.

Teresa sighed, she had also killed a lot of beasts here, and she had already gotten numb to killing others.

It conflicted with her earlier beliefs but she just put all her faith in Vritra, whatever he said was right.

That's all that mattered.

All of them rested after moving out of the bloodied cave.

"Heh Now I can flatten the land with a single punch. Hey mugger, wanna try fighting me?" Shitless asked, feeling very confident.

Though the entire time, all he did was collide with the beasts and tear them apart.

He didn't really know any fighting techniques, though his defence was terrifyingly high.

Even Vritra would need to hit several times to harm him.

As for Onest, his auto dodge ability and speed had reached the next level too.

"No thanks, you can't even touch me, so what's the point?" Onest said, yawning.

"I wonder how things have changed outside in these three weeks." Maeve mumbled and suggested.

"How about I go out to check the surroundings first?

In the apocalypse we still have to be as careful as possible and there are still those protectors and administrators."

"It's alright, we will be leaving very soon anyway, you should get some rest too."

They set up three tents, one for Vritra and his wives and the other two for Shitless and Onest.

After that last misunderstanding the two refused to stay in the same tent, they didn't want Vritra to think wrongly of them.

"If we go at full speed, I think we can reach the tower in a week or so.

But let's not rush too much, we will still continue with caution, even if it takes a bit more time." Vritra spoke.

"Yes, that's good, we can all reach the tenth evolution phase too maybe." Vanessa spoke.

Fighting alongside her son was far better than them just waiting back in that building.

"Good night, haa we will continue moving in the morning..." Vritra said, hugging Vanessa on one side and Yasmine on the other.

His wives took turns sleeping on either side of him, though Fiona just preferred sleeping on top of him, her head rested over his chest as she closed her eyes.

And soon, they all fell asleep.

...

The next morning, they all ate a lavish breakfast and lunch and were finally ready to continue.

Walking towards the part they had entered the cave from, they saw that the entrance had been blocked.

"Let me clear that up." Maeve spoke, as the shadows under her feet extended and quickly approached the blocked exit.

Then it pushed and found the weight of the muddy surface to be higher than she expected.

With a slightly harder push, Maeve was able to easily push the blockage away and instantly a large amount of water flooded inside.

Reacting quickly, Yennefer created an air barrier around them, stopping the water from reaching any of them.

"What's going on? Did the city get flooded or something?" the demoness spoke in surprise, sending the shadows to look outside.

And the sight shocked her even more.

"Wait, it really got flooded?!" Maeve exclaimed.

"Let's head outside first." Yennefer said and moved the air bubble forward as the entire cave started to get flooded.

The bubble flew up and soon came out of the downpour of black water.

The sky was covered by thick clouds, heavy rain was pouring down and the whole city was covered by water.

After snow, it was now water which was easily reaching over fifteen feet.

They rose high into the sky, getting out of the water level and instantly noticed the countless mutants in the water.

"Sigh Looks like things have gotten worse here, how are others going to survive in all this?" Vanessa shook her head.

Maybe the best way to save this planet was completing the game, although the lives of the people here didn't matter to them.

And most of the people they had met had been hostile.

Still, it wouldn't be bad to save a few if they could, and it aligned with their final goal anyway.

"Yeah, it seems the gods have increased the difficulty of this game. We should be fine for now, shall we start moving or find more mines?" he asked.

The forbidden zones didn't really pose any threat to them now, and they might hold some attribute stones.

"A few of the forbidden zones are pretty close, we might as well check them out on the way." Yasmine suggested.

"Yes, I also think we should check those places." Maeve chimed in.

"But what if we just end up wasting our time? This time will allow the players to get stronger."

Diana interrupted, after thinking from both sides.

"Hmm that's also true." Vritra nodded.

After some discussion, they decided to just continue.

Even without the attribute stones, they could get attributes from killing the sea mutants along the way.

Although they would need to kill more because of their high stats, there are plenty around.

There were many which were quite strong, with stats over 1k.

And if any forbidden zone or treasure was close, they could check it out.

After making up their minds, Yasmine scanned the surrounding area mentally and then launched powerful spiritual bursts that instantly killed thousands of creatures.

Vritra created a blood cart, big enough with seats and started to move it forward at high speed, at a relatively lower altitude.

Vritra and Yasmine kept launching spiritual bursts every once in a while to wipe out thousands of creatures.

After flying for a few kilometres, they came across a big human base which was fighting against mutants.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...