Chapter 752 Returning to Home

All across the continent, a video started to play in the sky.

It was the scene of an orgy, where Shen was also present, he looked fairly young and too excited.

There were dozens of women and men in the orgy, and the whole scene was so wild that it had everyone's jaws hanging.

Most people recognized Shen, especially now that the Ford family was at the top.

Even in the Ford realm, Sir Giant, Rich, Jean, and Tiny, who were looking up, had kinda forgotten about the death of Sakshi and stared at the spectacle.

They were all frozen, even Vritra was shocked by the level of debauchery, Shen truly was a wild player when he was younger.

In an instant, the respect he had accumulated over nearly his entire life crumbled.

"Nooooo don't see it, this is fake!! It is not me!! Stoooopppppp it!!" Shen screamed in despair, this was the reason why he didn't say anything to that bitch.

She had his weakness in her palm all this time, Sakshi had recorded him in a party where he consumed some strange drug.

Or rather, it was mixed into his drink and then all of this happened.

"Well well brother-in-law, you aren't bad." Vritra said, he was handling several women at once and didn't get tired.

"Sigh Father, you should have informed me if mother had such a video of yours, I would have taken care of it secretly." Rich shook his head, as the richest person alive, that wouldn't have been hard.

His connections stretch all over the planet.

But it was all too late now, everyone had seen that shameful display.

Teresa and Yennefer had only glanced up when the video started, they didn't look up further, finding it disgusting.

Sighing to himself, Rich took out a few communication glyphs and gave a few orders.

After two minutes, the video that was playing in the sky disappeared, yet the damage had already been done.

Shen fell to his knees, looking lifeless.

"It's alright, it could have been worse." Vritra patted his shoulder, then walked away.

"I- I was drugged, I would never do that… g- grandfather, believe me!" Shen muttered.

"Sigh go back to your room, we will see what we can do." Sir Giant muttered.

Vritra was no longer in the mood to stay there, he created a portal and gestured towards his wives before entering.

Yennefer followed him right in while Teresa remained there for a moment longer, after nodding towards them, she too left.

In a few minutes, the condition of the Ford family had changed so much.

Their reputation was gone, Sakshi was dead, four Divine Kages were killed here…

The future seemed bleak.

…

The three of them arrived inside the dragon realm and found that everyone else was already present there.

"Wifey, are you done with things here?" Vritra asked, placing his arms on her waist and smiling.

"Yes, the condition is a little bad and needs more time, but they will be fine. The other races have already stolen a lot of resources though." She spoke.

"Well that is a simple matter, we can take care of it." Vritra said, glancing over his wives.

Now that all other things were done, he decided to go to the Yate realm and meet Gunter and Ava, they must have been very worried about him.

He even decided to place his house in that realm, Yasmine was pregnant so it would be better to have Ava around.

And maybe a few old dragon ladies who know about such stuff.

He talked about this with his wives and they agreed, Shitless and Onest were both already there.

Vritra directly teleported them all into the House of Darkness, and then teleported the house itself into the Yate realm.

…

Out of nowhere, a large house appeared in the sky of the Yate realm, startling all that saw it.

Then it slowly descended and in an open area, close to the palace where Gunter and Ava lived, it landed.

A lot of guards rapidly surrounded the House of Darkness, Gunter was informed too.

He appeared there along with the strongest guards.

Someone who could do something so drastic, was definitely not an ordinary person.

'Another problem? Why don't the problems ever end?' Gunter grimaced as he stared at the house, which seemed as if it was constantly burning with dark flames.

His beard had grown and he had been quite worried about his son during all this time, same was the case with his wife.

Even though he had already informed them that he would be gone for six months or more.

"Who are you?!" Gunter shouted, ready to launch an attack if the other party was hostile.

The doors to the house opened and then walked a person, whom he recognized very well.

The sight made him take a step back in shock, Gunter even rubbed his eyes to check he wasn't hallucinating.

"A- Art? Is that you?!!" he asked, and as Vritra stepped out of the house and was clearly visible.

Gunter threw all his worries and confusion away, instead extreme joy exploded in his heart, his son was back!

"ART!!" throwing his weapon away, Gunter flashed towards Vritra, hugging him.

"My son, where have you been? We were so worried." He turned and ordered one of the guards.

"Go quickly and inform- wait, never mind. It will be a great surprise for her haha" Gunter laughed happily, he didn't even see the group of women that walked out of the house after him.

Without giving Vritra any chance to speak, he pulled his arm and quickly ran towards the room where Ava is.

After getting close, he paused outside the room and said: "Art, stay here for a bit and come inside when I call you."

Vritra nodded, Gunter seemed so happy and enthusiastic, it truly felt like he was home.

KNOCK KNOCK

"Who is it?" from inside the room, Ava's voice came as Gunter knocked on the door.

"Ava, it is me." Gunter said as he stepped inside, making her roll her eyes.

"Since when did you need to knock? Anyway, which of the two dresses do you think will suit me for the party?" Ava asked.

This time, Gunter rolled his eyes, she had asked this question so many times.

Just after he told her that he would throw a party once their son returns.

She loved him too much, without getting annoyed he looked at the two dresses and said: "The red one."

"Right, I think Art will like it too. Oh right, did you want something?" she remembered and asked.

"Not really, I have come to give you a surprise, a really special one!" Gunter said in a mysterious tone.

"Surprise? What is it?" Ava picked up her dress and asked, she didn't really seem all that interested.

Instead it was more interesting to her to choose the dress she would wear in a party several months later.

"Haa bring in the surprise." Gunter said, a laugh suppressed in his voice.

Vritra walked inside, just to play along, he took out a necklace from his inventory, he had plenty of them from stealing- cough borrowing.

Ava looked up from the dress without much interest, she first saw the necklace which indeed looked quite beautiful.

"Ah that's beautiful, thank you." She said with a smile, not wanting to make her husband feel bad.

Her gaze then passed over the person who was holding the necklace before returning to the dress and she froze.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...