Chapter 568 The Surgery

"We are going to take his Mana Core and heart." Divine answered, his voice sounding sinister, then he added:

"That could temporarily increase your battle prowess when in a battle. Combined with your strengthened physique, your overall strength would still be lower than a real level 3 though."

'Well, I doubt I am going to face such high level demi gods right off the bat, so that much should already be enough. Now tell me what I have to do?' Vritra moved closer to Drino, a big smile spreading over his face.

He was always ready to increase his strength, and after such a difficult fight he really needed some nice rewards.

Divine started explaining. Using that core, Vritra would be able to launch powerful attacks a few times during a fight, though the core would take quite some time to recharge.

And to use those cores and keep the energy regenerating, he needed that heart.

Following the Divine's detailed instructions, Vritra used Goop to expertly make a cut over Drino's chest. He was so serious, as if he were performing some delicate surgery.

After devouring several of Drino's treasures, Goop was now powerful enough to cut the injured Drino's skin without any trouble.

The poor demi god tried to resist, but there was only so much he could do now except regret his decisions.

They continued to fly as Vritra performed the surgery. Without disconnecting the core from his heart, he took them both out gently.

The procedure was long and slow, but they seemed to have all the time in the world, as their journey just wouldn't end.

Drino looked as if he had suddenly become an old man. His skin became wrinkly and he looked extremely weak.

Yet the hatred in his eyes for Vritra remained the same.

Vritra looked at the heart and the core. Despite having been separated, they still seemed perfectly fine.

'Alright, how do I use them?' Vritra questioned. He could still remember when he had gotten the core of a Demon Lord accidentally.

He barely survived that incident, but that core had helped him many times, so this would also be of great use.

"Use Suck! Suck! Suck! and devour the core like you did before." Divine replied.

'Huh? And what about the heart?' Vritra's brows furrowed. He created a platform from dust and sat down.

"Use your Titan race's skill, just like how you absorb a physique. Let it merge with your own hearts, let it strengthen your heart. Absorb it." Divine explained, then added, "After you do that, these cores will continue to work normally. Of course, the regeneration speed will be a lot slower, and don't overuse it."

Nodding, Vritra got to work.

[Suck! Suck! Suck! Activated.]

In the next moment, the core was sucked into his body. Then he touched the heart and started trying to absorb it.

The moment the core entered his body, its energy started to wreak havoc, but Vritra knew this would happen and remained focused.

'Keke, cough, die, die you bastard. Did you think you can handle my mana core just like that?' Drino cursed internally. He wanted to see Vritra's body explode while trying to handle that core.

[Switch Activated!]

Mutamorphis didn't have to find a new solution, as it temporarily trapped the core inside a barrier, though trapping it for long was nearly impossible.

Before long, the heart started to turn into particles of energy and began fading.

'W- What is he doing?' Drino stared with his half lidded eyes in a daze. His entire body was hurting badly.

It wasn't long before the heart finally disappeared, completely absorbed by Vritra.

THUMP THUMP

THUMP THUMP

The two hearts inside Vritra's body started beating rapidly. They completely absorbed the properties of Drino's heart.

Then new direct energy channelling paths formed and connected with the core trapped inside the barrier.

Mutamorphis let the change happen. Tiny vein like structures connected the hearts to the core.

Finally, the rampaging core started to calm down, as if it were back in its original body.

"Hoo." Vritra let out a long breath. He was perfectly fine and could easily control that core.

Opening his eyes, Vritra raised his right hand and a greenish glow appeared around it.

'H- How? How can he use my mana?!!' Drino almost died upon seeing the absurd scene before him. Vritra had actually managed to subdue his core.

'Alright, this is great!' Vritra smiled, removing the green mana which looked almost like flames.

There were limitations on its usage, but in dangerous times it would be of great use.

'Hmm, killing him now won't be hard, I guess, and there are still things we can take from him.' He was yet to loot the inventory after all and take his soul away.

"Tell me, which of your soul wraiths do you plan to feed this soul to? But let me remind you, the process will be a bit long and there are always chances of failure."

After a pause, Divine added, "And the people of his planet might be able to locate that soul."

'…' Vritra nodded in understanding. That meant other demi gods might try to attack him in the future, and even that god would know who interrupted his plans.

But there was no point in wasting such a powerful soul. Then he wondered which wraith he should feed it to.

The main choices were Dark Knight and Hellmancer. Both were great, but when it came to pure battle power, the choice was simple.

'Knight, devour it.' He commanded, as darkness flooded out of his body and wrapped around Drino.

But that soul was still quite powerful. Just Knight wouldn't be capable of subduing it, especially when Drino was trying his best to resist.

So Vritra used Nihil Anima and the third eye to help Knight. After all, time was one thing they didn't lack right now.

The first step was tearing off the connection between the body and soul, which took several hours despite Vritra using all his means.

And finally, locking Drino's soul and letting Knight slowly and safely consume it.

In his soul wraith inventory, Vritra sensed a dark cloud surrounding the powerful soul of the demi god.

Knight started to devour the soul, but even Vritra was not sure how long it would take.

He finally relaxed after finishing the tasks and leaving Knight to deal with the soul, letting him evolve.

'Well, that's done now. What else is left now?' Vritra felt a bit tired after all that, not to mention he had gone through such a dangerous battle.

Now Drino's body was just a shell of his past self. He wasn't completely dead yet.

Killing demi gods was far more difficult than killing lords, it seemed.

Vritra also needed to destroy the mental strength completely, and Drino might still have some sort of backup.

First, he took away all of his items from the inventory. This demi god was surely very rich.

While continuing to check his loot, Vritra used the Nether Eye to corrupt Drino's mind and completely kill him off.

They continued to fly, hours upon hours, and the speed hadn't even decreased.

Vritra was feeling a headache by now, and just when he was about to curse Divine out…

BOOOOM!!

They finally landed.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...