Chapter 403: Oink

In a certain demon realm, the sky was covered with a dark shade and the air seemed to have a bloody smell.

Strange noises emanated from all around, and screams of humans, demons, or other creatures continued to ring out.

This realm was called the Voromir Kingdom. The realm was given by the demon lord Skum Bo to help the subjects of his close friend, Voromir Zuke, after his death.

All the buildings here were rather shabby; the ground was painted with blood and the sight of corpses was quite normal.

Most demons were going on with their daily life; unlike what most would imagine, there were many demon families that were no different from humans.

There weren’t many demons left here since most had left after the demon lord’s death, but since some time ago the condition had started to become better.

The three demon generals, Thaddeus, Silquor, and Morvik were the only generals and close aides of the demon generals, the only ones he trusted the most.

After meeting with Vritra, the three had returned to the Voromir Kingdom to help the realm grow and keep it safe, while also awaiting the return of their lord.

They hadn’t told anyone that the revered lord had actually been revived.

"We just need to wait a little longer. Once our lord returns, then everyone will come back to their senses and remember his terror.

This place has changed completely; even the madam no longer seems to be waiting for him." Silquor spoke, his old and short form pacing across an empty hall.

After Voromir’s death, his wife was supposedly in depression or some other mental illness; some even said she was just pretending to not take on any sort of responsibility or blame.

But she had been bedridden ever since; her body has turned as fat as two rooms, she just consumes the flesh of creatures while sitting there and ordering everyone.

"Yes—huh, is that young lord? Why does he look so injured?" Morvik, always covered by shadows, was about to speak when he saw a badly injured figure walking into the kingdom with a big smile.

The condition and the expression didn’t match at all.

"Heh Did he get beaten up like a dog once again? Does he ever learn? He is shitting on our lord’s name.

Once Voromir was a name that made most lords tremble, but now because of them it had just become a joke." Thaddeus cursed; if only he had the strength he would beat this bastard’s ass.

But being the loyal subjects they were, the three rushed towards the young demon lord and asked: "Young Lord Raelion, did you fall from the stairs once again?"

"WHISTLEHuh? Oh no, I was attacked by the emperor and his other lap dogs keke" Raelion replied truthfully this time, but with a wide grin on his face.

"Oh, you truly live up to the reputation of our lord, such a devilish act you performed with such fervour, truly splendid.

Look how proud our young lord is of his achievement." Silquor said sarcastically, with a twisted smile.

"Shut up! It was a trap and there were many against whom I fought—" Raelion instantly became angry and embarrassed, but was interrupted.

"Pfft—Fought? More like, our young lord bravely ran for his life while getting his ass—cough—his back whipped." Thaddeus said, before shutting his mouth tight.

"You imbeciles, if only my father didn’t favour you so much at that time, I would have ripped you to pieces already." Raelion took a deep breath to calm himself, before once again becoming happy and speaking:

"Haha haven’t you heard the news? Yennefer is no longer engaged to the emperor; the announcements she made blasted the entire continent.

Heh I knew that wedding was fake." Raelion didn’t mind the beating he received; he finally had a shot at courting Yennefer.

"Tsk what a simp." Morvik shook his head; certainly he got more of his mother side’s genes.

Just then the four of them saw a group of demons flying across the sky, there was even a newly promoted female general among them who served under the second demon lord of this realm.

"Where are you going?" Raelion spoke, wiping the blood from his forehead and standing proudly.

"..." The group paused, seeing that it was Raelion; they clicked their tongue but replied respectfully and truthfully.

"Young lord, we have just gotten a message from our Queen; she is asking for our help." The female demon general replied.

All of them had already transformed into human appearances to make their trip easy.

"Tch She didn’t die, what a pity. Anyway, why don’t you abandon that fox and come serve under me? I will definitely keep you happy." Raelion spoke, licking the blood off his lips.

"...Thank you for your kind words, but I have dedicated my loyalty to our Queen."

She very much wanted to reply with a snarky comment, but her position here wasn’t as high as those three generals, so she couldn’t do anything.

"Sigh Leave leave, I am in a good mood, go and bring the good news that my dear sister had died outside." Raelion spoke, as he turned and began to walk away.

OINK OINK

Just then, a loud strange noise came from the distance, grabbing the attention of the group.

As the group turned collectively to look, they saw a fatty pig demon bouncing towards them; he seemed to have tripped and was now rolling like a ball.

"Ugh H- Have you gotten oink oink any news of my Maeve?" the piggy came to a stop with his face skidding across the land; after coughing the dirty sand he stood up.

This pig demon was Ziggy, the son of a powerful lord family; previously this family used to serve under the Voromir Zuke. But now, Ziggy’s family was one of the strongest demon families with several lords in their family.

"Uh No—" the female general named Xi was about to refuse but Raelion hurriedly spoke.

"Brother-in-law! You are here at just the perfect time, these people were just about to head out to rescue your bride; shouldn’t you go along and prove your manliness?

I am sure my sister will be head over heels for you." Raelion stifled his chuckle and spoke, giving Ziggy a thumbs up.

"Oink Oink Thank you, little Rae; I will remember your help. I will even put in a good word for you to my father," Ziggy spoke, dragging his heavy body close and patting Raelion’s cheek and leaving a dirty squishy gel-like fluid.

The young lord almost vomited as he spoke few words before running away in haste: "Yeah go ahead, brother ugh in law, cough my sister is waiting for you."

"Oink What a good lad, let’s go and save Maeve; I will beat—cough—I will ask my father to beat whoever dared to hurt her."

Ziggy said as he stomped his feet on the ground, his belly fat moved up and down, even touching the ground for a moment as he shot up and floated in the air.

"Uh..." Xi bit her lip; this was exactly why they were rushing out in a hurry, to not get this pig’s attention. And who knows what condition Maeve is in right now, what if he tries to take advantage of her?

’Haa I am trouble, what should I do, Queen?’ Xi thought.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...