Chapter 689 Experiments

As Vritra and the others got closer to the base of the doctor, they paused at a shocking sight.

The base had a big field surrounding what seemed to be a campus.

And some distance away from its entrance, a man was hanging upside down, there was something stuffed into his mouth and his pants were bloodied.

He was struggling, half his head buried in the gutter, and there was a lot of chilli stuffed into his nose.

'Have I seen him before?' Vritra wondered and remembered it was that eager guy he had seen in the cinema's base, the one with his male lover.

"O- Oh, what could have happened to him?" Onest sighed, seeing the blood around his crotch area over the pants, he grimaced.

"Maybe a lover's quarrel, you two should get it pretty well, right?" Vritra asked with a smirk.

"Hmm? Did something happen, honey?" Vanessa asked, these two guys didn't have a lover so how would they know.

"Heh mom actuall-" Vritra was about to speak but Shitless and Onest interrupted.

"L- Look, some people are heading into the base at this time."

The sky was still dark, and it should be around four in the morning, those people were laughing while dragging along big bags.

"There are humans inside." Vritra frowned as he scanned them.

"Doctors, I heard they conduct all sorts of experiments on humans." Maeve added, her tone hateful.

"There are such scums everywhere, let's go and see. But still remain on your guard, these people could have any sort of ability." Vritra said and started walking.

…

"Hahaha We got a big haul today, I am going to trade them all for food, I haven't eaten anything tasty in so long." One man in the group of ten spoke.

"Sigh damnit, have all the women disappeared off the face of this planet? Why can't we find a single one? Despite all the raids, we haven't seen one beautiful woman." Another man spoke angrily.

"Sigh dude, don't mention it. Now those women are as rare as the food itsel-" but sensing people approaching, the group which was about to enter paused.

"Who is there?" They all took out their weapons or were ready to activate their skills.

"Wha- Am I dreaming? Or is this paradise?" All ten men of the group froze upon seeing the seven women.

They were prettier than even the actresses and models they had seen before the apocalypse, it was just too mind boggling.

"H- Hello" one guy waved his hand nervously, their beauty made him confused.

SMACK

Another person hit his head before speaking: "You think you are on a date or something? This is the apocalypse damnit, what do you mean hello? Just take whatever you want haha."

"Yes, power speaks now, take them before others see, if that psycho doctor sees them he will turn them into mummies or something."

"Hey wait, the young redhead is mine, don't touch her."

"Heh I'm taking that green haired one, she is so-"

The scums of this place truly knew how to enrage Vritra, previously it was those people in the cave and now these.

Their talk and expressions made his killing intent rise.

"You three, get the fuck out of here if you don't want to die!"

"What are you doing? Let's capture them too; we can give them to the doctor for food."

"Haa sorry then, you'll have to turn into the experiment of that crazy doctor."

But just as they started to walk closer, the ten froze and started to shiver.

TIP TIP

Suddenly blood started to pour out from under their nails, the veins all over their bodies bulged, as all vomited blood at once.

They screamed, feeling as if thousands of tiny insects were crawling under their skins.

Their shouts of course attracted the patrolling guards, but Vanessa took care of it.

"You ten are back? What's going on here?" The guard questioned with a frown, he actually saw them as the ten men who were getting tortured.

"Nothing, one of the targets was just causing a ruckus." Yasmine spoke, it was going to be very fun killing them all.

"Alright, don't create too much noise and hurry up." The guards looked at them and then at the bags before heading back.

She glanced at her hubby who made those ten men experience all sorts of pain, from getting eaten up inside to burning, getting their insides ripped apart and much more.

After a few minutes, pieces of their bodies lay all over the ground, the pain they had experienced made them regret each and every single crime they had committed.

"Let's go inside, the best way to battle is stopping them from using their skills." Vritra spoke.

"Don't worry husband, let me take care of that." Teresa spoke, her skill was just perfect to stop anyone.

"Hmm we will start killing once we have found the doctor, this place has such a strong blood scent, a lot of people have died here." He added, as they entered the base.

First Vritra freed the captured humans, there were even kids among them, the people had truly become twisted.

They had lost all morals but then again, back on the Zoratian planet or even Earth there were such people who were even worse.

He remembered that even Earth was full of such scums for whom the lives of others meant absolutely nothing.

'If I return to Earth, I'll wipe all those fuckers.' Vritra thought, but for now he focused on the doctor's organization.

Vanessa used her manipulation to calm the captured humans and hid them.

They walked closer to one of the buildings and the scent of blood became even more intense.

Vritra directly walked into what seemed to be a lab, and the sight inside instantly put a grimace on their faces.

There were various men in doctor's outfits holding scalpels and other objects, while several torn human bodies lay over the tables.

It appeared they were trying to study the mutation and create it themselves, adding mutant flesh and organs to humans, giving them terrible deaths.

The place was filled with miserable screams.

"Huh? Who are you people? How did you get inside? Damnit don't you know, no one is allowed in here, GUARDS!!" One of the men shouted.

"No one is coming, and I am here to conduct some experiments, you see, for the betterment of humanity. And as the good souls you are, you won't resist, right?"

Vritra gestured for his wives to leave, as the women left the room.

"W- What the hell are you saying? You have a death wish? Don't you know we are-" Just as the man was speaking, his body was suddenly pulled down as he now lay over an empty table.

"Yes yes, your work is very important, let me help you." He picked a scalpel, then began to cut the man's chest, making deep and long cuts.

"Hahaha let me experiment a bit too, it looks fun." Shitless spoke and he too started.

Onest also began to cut them apart, it was really fun to treat them like nothing but test subjects.

"Uwaaaaaah N- Nooo please SOB stoooopp w- we were just trying to ughhhh help others, t- to save humanity, our research is for the g- greater good!! Ahhhh" one of them spoke, begging.

"Heh, greater good? For others? Who are you kidding? Haa I don't even want to waste words on you hypocrites, just enjoy your own experiments."

The lab was soon filled with even louder screams.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...