Chapter 661 Titan Origins

He was in the final stages of ascending, the Blood Demon Ascension Path completely merging with his body.

Shitless finally revealed his true form, a red mutant that scared even a couple of puppets, as his body turned to metal and he pounced at them.

Vanessa used her hypnosis and created illusions around Vritra, Maeve used her shadow ability to protect everyone and attack those puppets.

Onest was running at full speed like a train, colliding forcefully into anyone who got close to Vritra and throwing them away.

Yennefer and Fiona controlled flames while using weapons, they were directly attacking the opponents.

BOOM BOOM

Yasmine made powerful explosions and kept launching Spiritual Burst at the opponents, their single goal was to protect Vritra.

But there were just too many opponents and their strength was too high, they also possessed abilities of their own.

Without Morgan's control they couldn't efficiently fight, but all of them were still having difficulty stopping them.

A blade made of light suddenly pierced into Fiona's belly, making her grimace, but she just continued to fight.

Diana's main role was to support the group, not only was she providing healing but also debuffing the enemies.

Her support was really a big relief for them, she stood not far away from Vritra.

His body was swallowed by a tornado of blood, there were strange light patterns at the surface of the tornado, as it grew bigger and bigger.

'This guy is too powerful? How is his ascension causing such a ruckus?!!' Morgan felt his heart grip with panic, as he could only watch Vritra undergo the evolution.

Teresa's ability was really annoying him, he could break it but she would already have more prepared, not giving him any time to do anything.

'Damnit, kill this woman first!!' he thought but even his orders weren't received by his puppets.

Suddenly, two knives plunged into his eyes, making his world drown into complete darkness.

Teresa felt nothing even as she kept hurting a person.

ROOAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRR

A terrifying roar suddenly shook the surroundings, the road cracked, the buildings shaking and almost falling over.

The air rippling with pressure, the phenomenon was getting more absurd.

'How high were his attributes? He merged perfectly with his ascension path?' for such a reaction to occur there were many factors.

Like how high all of the attributes were, how high his mutation level was, how high his compatibility with the ascension path was and more.

Vritra's talent seemed really terrifying, scaring even Morgan.

He knew he had to kill him asap or this guy would spell trouble for them all.

But within moments, the blood tornado became so big that it pulled even the buildings, turning them into rubble.

All of them moved far away, the fighting paused as his wives and the two guys escaped hastily.

Though those puppets were dragged into the blood tornado.

Their bodies were instantly torn to pieces as their blood too merged with the tornado.

Seeing this, Morgan gave up all hopes of killing Vritra, all his underlings were now gone.

His strength had already decreased a great deal, now only escaping was on his mind.

'Damnit stupid woman, do you want to drag me to death with you?'

Morgan was going mad, he really just wanted to run away now.

But Teresa kept him trapped as the pull of the tornado got stronger and stronger.

Unfortunately, Teresa ran out of energy, trapping such a powerful guy and creating so many walls wasn't easy.

She fell weakly to the ground, her beautiful face covered by glistening droplets of sweat.

Teresa had no strength to move whatsoever, yet she looked hatefully at the man whose body was pierced by dozens of knives.

Without wasting a second, Morgan turned and made a run for his life, he had to get away before that demon got out.

Teresa could only watch as he ran and disappeared in the distance, she tried to move but her body helplessly got pulled towards the tornado.

It was not under Vritra's control, so it wouldn't matter if it was a friend or foe, the ones getting swallowed by the tornado would have the same fate.

But right at that moment, shadows rose around her and swallowed her completely.

Maeve and the others quickly moved several kilometres away, the merging was going too wild.

"Was it supposed to be this huge? I thought merging was a simple process, is it also because master chose forceful merging?" Maeve wondered.

But that shouldn't be the case, but upon thinking Vritra had always been a monster, so it actually wasn't as surprising.

They were just worried about his safety.

"Honey…" Vanessa bit her lips as she watched the tornado cause havoc all over.

A lot of mutants were attracted by the phenomenon and by the smell of the blood, the humans who saw it ran away in a hurry.

Believing it was another dangerous mutant.

People situated even farther away in the city could see the raging tornado.

As more and more mutants poured out to the smell of the blood their bodies were getting swallowed.

Divine watched the scene, of course he already knew something like this would happen.

Even if Vritra had entered the game and locked all his skills, levels and treasures.

But he was a Titan, a power even the Divine couldn't contain.

Titans were originally creatures who were made by nature to create chaos, to create destruction.

Wherever the Titans appeared the place was destroyed, though there were too few of them.

Giving them such powers, the world naturally took many things away from them.

Their will itself, they possessed no consciousness and just continued to eat, floating all over the universe.

Right from birth, they were born as a demi god, just by this fact, it could be known how terrifying this species was.

Even the gods and higher beings feared these mindless creatures who freely roamed all over the universe.

There was practically nothing that could harm them, not even time so they just lived and lived.

Yet higher beings knew if these never died and with more of them being born even if in very long times, the world would grow too chaotic.

So all of them were locked away in the realm of chaos, a realm where Divine was thrown after his sisters sacrificed themselves to protect him.

The others believed he would die, but he only came out stronger.

And that's how he managed to conduct his research on the Titans, the beings who had even started to devour one another.

This was the plan of those higher beings, but in the end one Titan was still left who started to devour that realm itself.

But unfortunately for it, those higher beings wouldn't leave it alone and did everything in their power to stop it.

And Divine was lucky he took the benefit of the chaos and took away the core, heart and everything from the Titan.

He created another Titan, one who had his will, one with limitless potential.

Vritra's strength had just started to rise, he had not yet utilized the abilities of the Titan.

And Divine wanted it to be so for now, he didn't want others to know that there was still a Titan, at least not until Vritra had grown a bit more.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios