Chapter 364: The Misery

"Krrkkhhh—" Monk Shitless almost bit his tongue as his head smashed into the pole. His head slid along the metallic pole as he fell on the bonnet of the car.

Vritra finally arrived close to the car. He scratched his cheek upon seeing the big lump appearing over the pitiful Monk, who let out a painful groan.

"Are you fine?" he asked while helping Shitless up.

"W- What happened? Ughh, I was just sleeping and then—then I was outside." Monk Shitless said in confusion; he was having such a nice dream of turning all the emperors into his slaves.

"I don’t know, here, drink this potion." Vritra said as he took out a potion and handed it to him.

After drinking the potion, the pain was gone, but strangely the big lump remained on top of his head.

MUOOOO

Bullo jumped back onto the top of the car and went back to sleep.

Vanessa glanced outside the window. For some reason, she had a strange feeling about this Quartz continent, though it was just impossible to tell why she was feeling like that.

Shifting slightly to not wake Fiona up, she glanced outside the window, looking at the distant houses.

A city situated outside the Quartz Continent was already visible.

’How strange, I feel like something is calling me from there.’ She thought.

After Vritra and Shitless got back into the car, the ride continued.

"Psycho, what was in that treasure box?" From the backseat, Onest asked.

"Nothing of importance. Anyway, do you plan to venture into this new continent on your own or...?" Vritra asked, driving close to the city. He could already see the majestic gates of the continent.

Everything here seemed hundreds or thousands of times better than the Topaz continent, more futuristic and majestic.

"...Yeah, it would be better to stick close in this new place, so let me travel with you for a bit longer." Onest replied, though very soon he was about to come to regret his decision.

There was a big wall built even around the city situated outside the continent. Vritra stopped the car in the line; there were two more cars ahead of him.

After both cars were thoroughly checked, the guards asked Vritra to come forward.

When the three guards saw him, they were shocked; Vritra had his eyes covered by a cloth after all.

"Hello, I am Eren Yeager." Vritra said with a faint smile.

"O- Oh Eren, why have you covered your eyes? Isn’t it dangerous to drive like that?" one of the guards asked, looking into the car, but there was no one inside.

"Sigh. What does it matter? The world is full of darkness for a blind guy like me. But I wasn’t always blind like this.

Two years before my birth, my parents were eaten by titans, then my entire town was blown to pieces and every single person was killed.

Then the new family I joined collectively committed suicide; then one day, the school I was studying at turned to dust by Thanos’s snap; then—"

Vritra began to tell the tale of how he became blind.

"Wait, wait, we understand. No need to bring such a tragic past. What is your purpose of entering?" the guard asked.

"I am from the golden Moon." Vritra said, as he showed his badge.

"Ah, hello sir, you can pass." The guards said before taking a step back.

Vritra nodded and drove into the city. The door of the continent wasn’t too far. He looked back and asked: "Should I stop at a hotel or something?"

"Nah, we are fine. Let’s just go into the continent first." Vanessa replied. She glanced to the side and saw that the glow around Diana was becoming brighter.

...

After driving for nearly three hours, they finally got close to the continent’s door.

There was a very long line gathered outside, all the people who wanted to enter, but only about twenty percent of them were being allowed inside.

He drove to the line of cars and stopped. Monk Shitless had once again fallen asleep.

Vanessa was gazing out of the window when her gaze focused on a figure wearing a black robe.

The person in the robe was about to enter the continent, but maybe sensing something, the said person turned their head and looked back at Vanessa for a moment before rushing inside.

"Honey, I need to leave for a while." Vanessa suddenly said.

"Hmm, what’s wrong?" Vritra glanced back, looking at his mom curiously.

"I have this strange feeling that something is calling me from inside this place, and I want to go check it." She replied, her gaze shifting between Vritra and the gate.

"How about we go together—" Vritra suddenly paused as he sensed the large number of people who were about to rush out of the gates.

"But it could be dangerous. We are new here and know nothing about this place." Vritra said, though he also didn’t want to limit their growth because of his worry.

"I will be fine, don’t worry." As she spoke, Vanessa’s body began to change drastically.

Her hair was still black. Aside from that, almost everything changed. Her appearance became so average that no one would even notice her in the crowd.

Freckles appeared on her face, and she looked to be in her fifties. In such an appearance, no one would really try to cause trouble for her.

"Hmm..." Vritra was still worried. After thinking for a moment, he gave her the teleportation ring he had just obtained.

Then ordered Hellmancer and Bob to follow along with her and keep her safe. He even gave her one of the glyphs that the three demon generals had given him.

"Okay, but be careful there, and use the ring to teleport away if you are in danger. Though Hell and Bob would be there to protect you, if they can’t then use this glyph to call for the three demon generals.

And if everything else fails, then they will be able to buy enough time for me to find you." Vritra said, and even gave her a page of his dimensional book. She could even hide inside it.

"Hehe, honey, you are worrying too much. Anyway, I will be extra careful. I will be back as soon as possible. Also, be safe yourself." Vanessa giggled, as she leaned forward and gave a soft kiss on his lips.

Then she got out of the car and got mixed up in the crowd.

"I feel Mom would be safer if she enters alone, the perfect decision hubby." Yasmine said.

Vritra nodded. He could tell that a lot of men were getting closer and closer, so he looked back at the two remaining ladies and asked:

"Do you also want to enter alone or stay in the dimensional book or the abandoned town?"

Fiona had finally woken up as Vanessa left in a hurry. Diana also ended her comprehension.

They thought for a few minutes, then the goddess was the first to answer:

"I can sense that a temple is quite close, and I would like to visit it. It won’t be dangerous, so we will also be entering separately, right Fiona?"

Fiona also nodded.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...