Chapter 541 Blood Rain

The loud slapping sound rang out, but by now that was the least shocking thing.

Two monarchs had died, and this was just a slap.

Then, glancing back at Teresa, Vritra spoke, "Tess, wait a little for me, I gotta deal with a few bugs."

Leaving behind the frozen monarch of the Ford family, Vritra appeared in the sky beside his three wives.

"So you are Tyler, did you come here to abduct my wife?" Vritra folded his arms over his chest.

He couldn't yet reveal his true identity, but nothing stopped him from displaying his strength.

And now that the marriage was complete, he would obtain information about Yennefer's location soon anyway.

"N- No sir, I merely came here to congratulate you and give a gift," Tyler said, even more frightened of Vritra.

The speed at which he had moved was too fast for anyone present there to capture.

"Huh? How is he so fast? He is so young, don't tell me he is already at the lord rank!!" Many lords present in the large hall had the same questions.

Again, the most baffled ones were the members of the Ford family.

Even Teresa was surprised by her husband's strength, wasn't he supposed to be weak?

His age should be just around twenty.

Even earlier, his speed was so fast, though she had heard he had just returned to the family recently.

"Is that so? Guess I heard wrong, then you may leave. I am giving you three whole seconds to disappear, if you still remain in the Ford realm by then…" Vritra left the threat hanging in the air.

All the fishmen trembled in dread and looked at their leader, their long sharp teeth quivering.

They had come here with the objective of munching over human flesh, to surprise the humans with carnage.

"One…" Vritra began.

"Hurry up, open the portals," Tyler shouted, but it was useless.

"Two…" The king then looked at the rift that was still open on the ground, though none of the Twilight members were able to escape through it.

Though some other fishmen had the same idea, they rushed into the rift, but after a moment, pieces of their flesh and bones were thrown back.

And from inside came a grotesque-looking wraith, the chimera.

But before anyone could see or notice it, the wraith disappeared.

Tyler gave up on the rift and tried to escape.

"Three!"

Vritra pulled a long sword from his storage. He could kill them easily, but he wanted it to be more bloody.

So everyone present there could feel the dread, especially the Fords.

He wanted everyone on the continent to know of him, so that the big reveal of his true identity would be even more splendid.

All eyes were fixed on him. Vritra moved slowly, the bodies of the fishmen froze.

His right hand moved smoothly, the black sword easily cutting their bodies apart.

It was as if he was going on a stroll as he kept swinging the sword, pieces of flesh falling onto the floor.

Blood rained down, corpses littered the whole place.

Within a minute, the number of fishmen had been reduced by half.

With her fists tightly clenched, Teresa continued to witness the events in the sky.

Complex thoughts bubbled in her mind.

The world didn't have much colour in her vision, it was a world made from her senses.

Previously, she was happy that she didn't have to see such a cruel world, but now, she wished she could see him properly.

Vritra had effortlessly killed thousands of creatures, and there wasn't even the slightest hint of hesitation. He had certainly killed way more.

Finally, only the king remained.

"So King Tyler, any information you want to give to me?" Vritra asked, removing the sword.

"P- Please spare me, I am begging you. I will tell you whatever I know." The king broke under the dreadful pressure, his mental barriers gone.

"Hmm, alright, this is a happy occasion, so I will grant your wish." Vritra nodded, making the fishman king look at him hopefully.

'Psyche,' Vritra called out in his mind, and in the next instant, Tyler was consumed by darkness and simply disappeared.

The soul wraith could use that body for some time. Although its strength would be slightly restricted, Psyche would have more freedom for a while.

"Alright, and we are done." Vritra said, finally bringing everyone to their senses. There wasn't a drop of blood on his clothes even after the slaughter.

He reappeared beside Teresa and took her warm hand, the sensation of her skin against his was just wonderful.

"A- Alright, that concludes the wedding. Thank you for attending and giving your blessings, you can now leave." Shen hurriedly said. There were a few more events they had planned, but now there was no need for any of it.

They had even prepared so much food.

All the guests hurriedly left, frightened by all the events, but they had a really interesting tale to tell.

Fiona, Diana, Vanessa, Maeve, and Yasmine stayed. They just sent their armies back.

Shen stood behind his grandfather, covering both his red cheeks, and looked at the new couple.

Sir Giant asked while looking at their hands, "Teresa, are you alright?"

"Yes." She replied, her grip tightening slightly.

She understood what they must be thinking, but also knew that Vritra was her new family and more important than the Fords.

Each of her mother's teachings was completely engraved in her mind.

'His touch really isn't harming her?!!' Sir Giant thought in shock, wondering if it was because of the marriage or if there was something special about him.

Teresa's mother had passed a long time ago, but her father had passed just a dozen years or so ago.

When Art wasn't even born, her mother insisted, against everyone's wishes, to let Teresa marry in the future.

Everyone opposed it because of her condition. After all, it might be detrimental to her life, and who knew how her partner would be like.

But still, her mother went against everyone's wishes and made her husband promise her this during her dying moments.

For some reason, she only wanted it to be Gunter's son, and that too after he had passed the age of twenty.

She had the ability to see into the future, though she had kept that hidden from everyone.

To give a better life to her unfortunate daughter, she had exhausted her life force.

And after Art was born, Teresa's father made that god pact according to his late wife's wishes.

For Shen and Sir Giant, this marriage was nothing more than fulfilling that promise.

They still planned to protect her to the best of their abilities, but maybe there was more to it all.

***

Soon, everyone returned to the Ford palace, they were all seated in a big hall.

Since it was already too late, they would be leaving early the next morning.

Fiona, Yasmine, and all his other wives sat together on one big sofa.

Gunter and Ava were seated together, while Rich, Sir Giant, and Shen were on another sofa.

Vritra and Teresa, still in their wedding dress, were sitting together.

'Now that I think about it, I haven't even seen her face.' Vritra thought, but there was no hurry.

❖❖❖