Chapter 284: Into the White Kingdom

"Ohhh, honey you look so weak..." Vanessa wasted no time as she got off her seat and hugged Vritra, rubbing her cheek against his. Fiona and Diana followed soon.

’It seems I might be meeting her again in the White kingdom, so I can’t use Jin Woo’s appearance. I guess it is time to change the character,’ Vritra thought and now decided to really be Ben Tennyson.

"Sir, should we start moving?" one of the guards approached the carriage and questioned from outside. He didn’t look inside or he would have been surprised.

"Yes." Vritra answered, finally relaxing a bit.

***

After six more days of travel, they had finally arrived at the boundary of the White kingdom.

Maybe it was because of the Empress and Han that they didn’t meet one demon on their way, so it was as smooth as it could get.

After getting out of the Night Forest, they finally saw the sun after such a long time. Vritra opened the window and looked outside.

The wall of the White kingdom was actually white in colour and was so high, it reminded him of that one anime which had high walls for protection.

’I wonder if these walls are also built to protect them from something.’ Vritra thought. Outside the boundary of the White kingdom, there were a lot of houses and shops.

"The White kingdom is so big, so why are they living outside?" Fiona asked, attracting gazes of the people from all around.

"A lot of people who had committed some sort of crime—after spending their time in prison—they are thrown out of the kingdom. So they have no choice but to live here.

They can’t possibly travel through the Night Forest after all." Diana answered.

"And the higher-ups of the White kingdom also know this, so they must have put them all here for some reason, maybe as some sort of first line of defence." Vritra wondered.

"Sigh... I never thought we would actually be able to arrive in the White kingdom. Just from outside, this place looks like some sort of dream." One of the guards spoke.

Even though the wall was in sight, it was still a few hours’ distance away, so they decided to take one more break since they had been travelling without any breaks for quite some time.

"Haa... I just wish I don’t meet Yennefer again. Everything else should be fine." Vritra mumbled as he stepped out of the carriage in his new character.

The six participants were still quite traumatised, but they finally decided to go out of their carriages. After carefully stepping out, they looked around and didn’t see Vritra anywhere.

"W-Where is that sir?" Diddy called one of the guards close and questioned.

"Ah, you mean sir Jin Woo? He is right there—huh? Why is someone else getting out of his carriage?" The guard and the six people were surprised.

"Um... hello, who are you and where is sir Jin Woo?" The guard approached Vritra and asked respectfully.

"Ah, I am a friend of his. You can call me Ben, and he had gone out to finish a task. He told me he would be back soon." Vritra said, looking around at the market.

The type of market that was in the capital city of the Blue kingdom was present outside of the White kingdom. The difference in strength and status was so apparent.

"Oh, okay." The guard nodded and walked away. He didn’t really care; after they entered the White kingdom their work would be done anyway.

Now he needed to worry about getting back to the Blue kingdom.

"Oh, he is not here anymore?!!" The six participants were overjoyed and their lost confidence returned instantly.

"Tch... disgusting men. How dare he slap me. I am so going to get back at him for this. Just wait till I show my talent in this kingdom and reach the top." Karen said, a look of arrogance on her face.

Fiona and Diana rolled their eyes and ignored the useless nobles, deciding instead to have a nice meal before entering the kingdom.

They weren’t sure yet what would be waiting for them in this place.

"That feeling has gotten stronger now, and I can feel it more. It is the exact feeling I got when we were in that strange space, along with Nine Pacts and the Golden Moon, when you got the Divine Sin Arrow." Yasmine’s voice sounded in Vritra’s head.

’Hmm, could there be another of the Divine’s treasures or secrets hidden here? Well, I can tell our time here is going to be anything but peaceful.’ Vritra spoke and shook his head as they headed towards one of the closest hotels.

The guards and servants were all full of joy at surviving this long and being able to see the majestic White kingdom, while the six participants once again acted as if they owned the world.

"How stupid do you have to be to act like that? Do they think you would never return or something?" Diana said as she watched the six people with a frown.

"Heh, you were similarly arrogant before, you know. You wouldn’t look equally at anyone. Had it not been for your arrogance, I might already be dead."

Vritra laughed as Diana’s expression changed to a pout. She always felt so bad about her past actions.

"But I wasn’t that stupid..." she muttered in a mosquito-like voice.

"Enough joking, let’s eat now, shall we?" Vanessa said as the waiter brought the food to their table.

...

After an hour or so, their break ended and they were ready to leave.

"Sir, let’s go." One of the guards excitedly approached Vritra and said before asking: "Is sir Jin Woo not going to join us?"

"Don’t worry about him, he will join us later in the kingdom." Vritra said as he climbed onto the carriage. He felt so cooped up in this small space and wouldn’t want to travel in a carriage for a long time.

"I see. He is so strong, I am sure he should be fine, haha." The guard said before walking back.

"He isn’t going to join us!!" The group of five men and one woman felt as if they were on cloud nine. That demon was finally out of their lives.

"Haha, Karen, so God really does exist. He listened to our prayers and now that bastard has disappeared. I am sure he must have met a disaster or something." Diddy said, wiping the tears of joy.

"Tch... disgusting men. Kekeke... now just wait, I will show everyone my true strength." Karen spoke, laughing maniacally.

And so, the ride began for the last time. After arriving near the large white gates of the White kingdom, they paused and joined in on the long line of people who were entering.

The checking seemed quite strict. Each person entering was getting checked up so thoroughly.

"Is it because of the approaching demon war?" Vanessa wondered, gazing at the men in armour who were doing the checking.

"Hmm, most probably. But the atmosphere seems rather tense in this place." Yasmine, who was resting over Vritra’s lap in her human form, spoke, but no one could see her because of Vritra.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...