Chapter 503: The Wolves

The sky was eerily dark, the surrounding completely silent even though it was the time of the day.

Hundreds of graves could be seen present in a graveyard that spread over a couple of kilometres.

There was a guard sitting near the door, sleeping peacefully over his chair, with a cap covering his face.

The sound of wind echoed like ghostly wails, it truly felt like a setup of a horror movie.

CHIK CHIK

The sound of footsteps broke the silence, moving over wet soil.

Then two figures, wearing red robes with hoods, walked towards the guard.

Their faces were covered in shadows, giving the two ladies a mysterious and dangerous look.

Stopping in front of the slumbering man, one of them called out: "Is he here?"

"H- Huh?"

BAM!

Startled, the man fell off his chair, falling into the dirt.

Then with a grimace, he got up and began wiping away the mud, finally his face was visible.

There were long and deep scratches over his face, the scars looked terrifying enough to scare most.

"Ughh Who are you? What are you doing here at this time?" the middle aged man once again sat back up on his seat and gazed at the two women.

"Tell us, is he here?" the same woman repeated her question.

"Huh? He who? Are you here to search for someone’s grave? Or did you bring a body to bury?" the man spoke, yawning.

"..." After a slight pause, the other woman stepped forward and pinkish energy waves burst out of her body.

The man jumped back, his pupils changing colours.

"What exactly do you want? The demons and gods are not welcome here." The claws of the man started growing, his body trembling as if about to undergo a drastic transformation.

"Funny, you phrase it as if we are asking for your permission."

Removing back their hoods, the two women took a step forward, their beautiful faces covered by masks.

Of course, it was Maeve and Diana, the two heard a flying rumour, and if it turns out to be true then they might have a chance of finding Vritra and Yennefer.

"Looks like you already knew we would be coming here." Diana muttered, scanning the graveyard.

It was the territory of the Gravion organization, they were famous for digging out graves and the special ability of their leader.

Grrrrrr...

The man growled, his face twisted and body’s size growing rapidly, his clothes were torn as hair started growing all over him.

Within moments, his body transformed into a werewolf, with height over seven feet.

"Guess we would have to hunt down a few puppies before we catch your leader, it would have been easier if he just talked to us." Maeve spoke, ready for the war.

Just then, dozens upon dozens of eyes started glowing in the darkness, surrounding the two women.

More than forty werewolves locked onto them, the bestial beings emitting a bloody aura.

The werewolf race had a really close connection with the dead, few could even raise the dead, possessing all sorts of bizarre skills.

One of the specially big werewolves, whose size was nearly nine feet, stepped forward, standing over its hind legs.

HOOOOWWWWWLLLLLLLLL

Then raising its head high, the beast let out a loud howl, making the entire graveyard shudder.

CRACK

In the next instant, the sound of something breaking rang out then a hand plunged out of the soil, as a dead suddenly jumped out of its grave.

Its body looked grotesque, rotten flesh, broken and twisted bones, and a pungent smell.

Within moments, the same scene replayed again and again as more than two hundred corpses jumped out of their graves.

"..." Diana rolled her eyes, these fools actually used such skill before her?

Without wasting any time, the leader of the pack let out another howl while making a deep and long gash over his own arm.

Blood flew out of his arm, disappearing into the bodies of all the corpses as they seemed to undergo a mutilation.

"Alright that’s enough play around, we don’t have any time to waste. Just call the leader of Gravion out, we don’t wish to start a war." Maeve spoke.

But the leader of the pack didn’t stop, the corpses grew in size, their bodies becoming more grotesque.

Not wanting to waste any time, Diana raised her hand, as a blinding light consumed everything.

As a goddess, even if not the true one, she had the easiest and fastest growth of all.

The holy energy disintegrated all the corpses within moments, not even ashes were left behind.

Rrrrrr...?

The leader let out a surprised growl, knowing fully well that their group stood no chance against these two.

"W- Why do you want to see our leader?" the bigger wolf spoke in a thick hoarse voice.

"Like we said, we aren’t here to fight. We just want to know something." Diana said, staring directly at him.

"But you do know our leader has to pay a great price to find your answer right? Based on the level of information, his life force would be consumed." The leader said cautiously, but he had a feeling that the two were desperate to obtain whatever this answer was.

Desperate enough to kill them all or pay a really heavy price to know it.

"Of course, and we have already prepared a good enough compensation for your leader, no matter how many years he loses, the treasure we brought will provide him with more than that." Maeve spoke, trying to act calm, but the two couldn’t hide their urgency.

It has already been more than two years six months, yet they couldn’t find Vritra.

They weren’t even sure if he could still return, hope of finding him was the only force pushing them forward.

"Hmm... That does sound good, but that will only be filling up his life force, we would need an additional treasure to make it worth the effort." The leader of the small pack now seemed relaxed and more confident.

Sigh

The two ladies heaved a sigh of relief, negotiation was better than direct rejection after all.

"Do you have something in mind?" Diana questioned, though they did prepare a few valuable treasures just in case.

After staying silent for a few moments, the pack leader spoke:

"Yeah, you see, our leader loves young beautiful women and even with the masks on, I feel you are two of the most beautiful women I have ever come across. So if one of you can be his woman, then he will be happy to give you that answer."

Maeve and Diana frowned, killing intent surging out of their bodies, they almost blasted the whole pack to pieces.

But finding Vritra was priority, so controlling their rage, they didn’t attack immediately.

Taking their silence as agreement, the leader let out a growling laugh.

But before Diana or Maeve could speak, someone else did.

"Oh, that’s such a good offer, I have the same question. So, can you bring me to your leader if I were to give this beautiful lady to him?"

All the gazes suddenly moved upwards, where a man wearing a purple outfit and a mask was standing in air. He was holding onto a woman by her leg, the blonde woman hanging upside down.

"P- P- Pitiful one? Noooooooooooo"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...