Chapter 666 Snacks

Vritra gently lay Yasmine to the side to let the dragoness rest, just after one time she looked completely spent.

Which was the first.

Then turning to his wives, another round of pleasure began and the bath continued for long.

…

One corridor below from Vritra's room, the members of Ming and Ergen's team were all just talking about the new guests.

Few had managed to see glimpses of the women and had almost gone mad.

Although they were all sticking close, but in the apocalypse, each person has plans of their own.

They wouldn't hesitate to kill even their families or friends for their goals, and many here also had evil thoughts.

Though because of the warnings from Ming and Ergen, they were forced to stay away from them.

A group of five looked around sneakily, carrying two baskets.

"A- Are you sure it is fine? Ergen warned us many times…" a guy wearing a blue dress muttered, he was part of Eagles.

"It is fine, you probably haven't seen those women. If you did, you would be rushing me to continue with this plan." one of the guys carrying the basket said with urgency.

"Yes, they are very beautiful, I have never seen anyone like that.

Even the models and actresses back then feel like ugly hags compared to them, I am shocked someone like them actually exists."

The other guy carrying the basket muttered.

It was the idea of the two guys carrying the baskets, their contents hidden.

But Vritra's team had three men, so the two alone wouldn't be enough to do anything.

They took three other guys, one with the ability to help them sneak up as Ming and Ergen had set security to stop anyone from going up.

One fat lusty guy who had agreed immediately had a lewd skill, the smoke bombs made by him could instantly charm any woman.

And those women would see the fatty as their lover.

That was exactly why they just had to take care of the three guys and charm the women.

While everyone in the world was doing whatever they wanted, they had been good boys but now they could no longer.

Right after that, they would flee and disappear from this area. In times of apocalypse who would endanger their lives chasing them?

"B- But there must be some reason why Ergen and Ming are protecting them, w- we should return…" the scared guy muttered.

The two basket guys and the fatty all slapped their foreheads, while the last guy walked as if he didn't care.

He was the main fighting force of the group, and a sub leader, he just didn't like Vritra and others getting such treatment.

And wanted to see if those women were really as beautiful as the two basket guys made them to be.

"Stupid, Ming and Ergen are clearly trying to fool those guys. I am sure they are planning the same, they must have their eyes on those women, but we have to do it first." the fatty guy replied.

If they didn't need this scared guy for sneaking past, they wouldn't have brought him.

Climbing the stairs silently, the four men paused and glanced at the scared guy who hesitated then enveloped them all in a blanket.

It completely erased their presence and made them invisible.

This skill had saved the life of the scared guy many times, even when his family got devoured by the mutants, he just sat in the corner crying.

There were three guards stationed near the stairs, they all looked tired after staying up the whole night.

And were probably about to change shift with others.

The group of five sneaked up the floor, only stopping before one of the two doors.

"They should be inside." the sub leader spoke, there were only two occupied rooms.

And from the other, he could only hear the sound of two men fighting.

"Whoa, so all seven of those women belong to that one guy?!! Damn, that lucky bastard, I am so jelly, I am going to torture him for his crime of hoarding!!" the fatty spoke, his heavy cheeks jiggling in rage.

Making sure the guards couldn't see them, two of the guys carrying the baskets stepped forward.

KNOCK KNOCK

With smiles on their faces, they knocked and waited.

They heard faint footsteps and then the door opened, revealing an extremely handsome man, his hair still a bit wet.

Vritra looked at the two men, he had just dressed up after their intense bath.

He glanced at the baskets in their hands and a frown instantly appeared over his face, closing the door behind him, he asked:

"Yes, what do you want?"

"Oh haha It's nothing, handsome sir, Ming sent us here to deliver some snacks to you, he was praising you a lot." one guy said cheekily.

Previously, he hadn't seen very clearly as his gaze was fixed on the women, but this guy looked too handsome.

Comparing themselves with him they suddenly felt their mood turn sour, no wonder so many women flocked around him.

But without the strength to protect them, looks alone can't keep them. They became even firmer in their thoughts and wanted to kill Vritra immediately.

'Sigh there is always scum, the apocalypse has truly made these people let out their inner demons, these disgusting pigs.' Vritra thought, his gaze briefly passing over the invisible blanket.

The scared guy stiffened, his gaze briefly meeting with Vritra's.

'H- He saw me? No way, right? This has to be a coincidence, n- no one can see through my ability…' his heart was beating rapidly and he was already regretting agreeing to this plan.

"I don't need it, you can leave." Vritra said, standing right before the door.

"Haha At least look at what he has sent, or he will be angry at us, food is already scarce, you can just take it." the guy said as they pulled the clothes from the basket away and revealed dozens of black fruit like bombs.

"Sir, have a taste of this, I am sure you are going to like it!!" after speaking he threw the bomb at Vritra, and instantly the sub leader shot out with a sword in his hand.

He swung with all his strength to cut off Vritra's head in one single attack.

The bomb exploded without a sound, instantly covering half of the corridor in whitish fog.

Some of it even drifting into the rooms, now the two basket guys were sure those women inside would be charmed.

And they would listen to them only.

After charming the women they planned to use them to kill the other two guys.

CLANG

The sound of metal hitting something rang out in the blinding fog, the two basket guys and fatty couldn't help but laugh out loud.

Sure that they were succeeding. Then the door opened as Diana and Maeve walked out.

"They are here!! They are under our control already, and that guy has been killed too, now just one more thing!" Fatty spoke, laughing hideously.

"All the women, get here and help us kill those two guys, then…" one of the basket guys spoke, his laugh ringing out.

The scared guy stood back, but felt maybe it was the right choice to come after all.

Smiling he walked forward, hoping these guys would share the prize with him.

"Oh, you want us to do what?" Maeve asked, her voice intoxicating the four men.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...  