Chapter 514 Cravings [R-18]

After a while, Vritra got to drink several more mouthfuls of her juices as he brought another orgasm to his wife's smearing hot body.

Her folds and tight walls clung to his tongue as he tried to pull back, squeezing it so tightly.

"Haa, wifey, did you like haa it?" Vritra asked, licking off her juices from his lips.

Barely stopping himself from going in for the treat a third time.

He wanted to start the main part now; his cock was rock hard and longed to enter her body.

Giving her a few moments to breathe, Vritra sat back and just looked at her naked body.

Leaning forward, he touched her red hair before gently caressing her head.

They had just started and his excitement level was just on another level; it was evident that none of them would be satisfied with just one round.

Or would be done in a few hours.

And back in the Quartz continent, Fiona, Diana, Vanessa, and Maeve must be waiting for him.

They had just united, so they would undoubtedly want to spend some time with him.

But for Yasmine's first time, he wanted them to be alone, so in the end he decided to use Null.

Who would have thought such a great skill would be used to get more time for sex.

Now the time of this room would be moving at least ten times the difference than outside, so they could stay however long they wished.

"Haa haa, hubby, be gentle with me…" Yasmine mumbled in a soft voice, looking at him with her red seductive eyes.

She craved his touch and wanted to be in his embrace, feel connected to him, and let him take her first time so long after their marriage.

Vritra lay on top of her.

Pressing her body under his, feeling her hot and smooth skin, with her squishy breasts pressing against his chest.

He gently caressed her rosy cheek and gave a light kiss on her lips. Then, gazing into her eyes, he smiled and replied:

"Don't worry, wifey, I will be ve~ry gentle. But you are still going to get those long-awaited spanks."

"Mmmm," Yasmine smiled, feeling more relaxed in his arms.

Despite being his first wife, she was the last among all his wives to be intimate with him.

But she was definitely going to be first in something else, and the dragoness would make sure of it.

With one hand caressing her head, Vritra moved his other hand downwards as he held his penis and pointed the tip at the entrance of her vagina.

"Hnnnn~ haa Mmmm~" Yasmine moaned, feeling the hot tip of his cock rubbing against her petals as it got drenched in her juices.

Then he lightly pressed forward as her tightly closed pussy lips began to open, the tip slowly moving between the petals.

Vritra continued to push forward as he felt the warm entrance slowly wrapping around the head of his dick.

He was moving very gently and slowly, relishing the tight and warm feel of her insides.

Vritra continued to push forward as he felt the warm entrance slowly wrapping around the head of his dick.

He was moving very gently and slowly, relishing the tight and warm feel of her insides.

Yasmine shuddered as the head of his penis entered her body, stretching her pussy walls.

After a certain length of his penis had entered her vagina, he felt the tip press against a soft wall inside the dragoness.

Vritra paused for a moment as Yasmine closed her eyes and waited for the pain, though she wasn't afraid.

She longed to feel that sweet pain, to be one with him.

Using some force, Vritra pushed forward, breaking through her hymen and going deep inside her body.

Yasmine released a muffled moan as she bit his neck and hugged his body with all her might, as if trying to truly melt her body into his, feeling his huge thing pushing her pussy walls away.

"Oooooh~ Mmmph~ I-It's in haa so deep Nnnggghhhh~" Yasmine could clearly feel his hard member going too deep inside her, bringing along a wave of pain.

But the pain didn't last long; yet it was far more stimulating than everything she had experienced so far.

She gasped for air, her body arching upwards. Her folds clung to every inch of his cock, squeezing his member with so much force.

After the entire length of his penis was inside, Vritra didn't move.

He glanced down at her face while gently caressing her cheek.

Breathing in the sweet scent of his gorgeous wife, Vritra asked: "Are you alright? Does it hurt too much?"

Yasmine took a long breath before replying as she opened her eyes, feeling the penis which was buried deep in her body.

They were truly connected; finally, aside from the mind-bending pleasure, it also gave her a sense of fullness, a feeling of belonging, as if they had truly become inseparable.

The slight tension and fear she felt before was gone; the dragoness embraced him tightly.

"I'm fine Hnnnn~ j-just wait a haa little. Hubby, you are so deep Aaah~ inside me Mmmmm~ this feels so huff good."

Yasmine sounded really sexy as she replied, a beautiful blush on her face.

Vritra truly found himself sinking into her charms.

He kissed her on the forehead before once again starting to devour her mouth; their tongues once again entangling.

He bit her tongue while feeling her pussy walls clenching down on his cock.

Without any movement, the soft folds wrapped tightly around its length and squeezed it tight with the tip of his penis hitting her cervix.

The shape of her cave and the fleshy feel of her folds seemed completely different than his other wives; it was squeezing him as if trying to bend his cock at different points.

The fleshy walls kept tightening, sucking him in deeper.

Vritra stayed still for almost a minute.

Then Yasmine finally nodded for him to continue; she no longer felt any pain, but the itch deep inside made the dragoness move her waist on her own.

She tried to rub the tip at the itchy places inside her.

Letting out loud moans, not holding back, after all she knew her moans would only make him more excited.

"Aaah~ Hnghh~"

Slowly moving his waist back, Vritra pulled his penis out until only the tip remained within her petals as Yasmine felt empty inside her all of a sudden.

Even the bulge that had appeared over her belly earlier had now disappeared.

She felt a sense of loss and wanted him to enter her pussy again.

SMACK

A loud slapping sound rang out as his cock thrust into her.

"Aaaanng~ Haaaah~ so bigggg Nnnggghhhh~ Hubbyyyyy Y-Yesssss Mmmmm~"

Yasmine moaned loudly as Vritra pushed forward, hard enough to send pleasurable ripples through her body.

She was extremely tight; her pussy walls melded into the shape of his cock as it gave way to his large dick.

For a couple of minutes, Vritra continued to move back and forth at a slow speed to let her adjust.

Though he was also increasing his speed and force as her moans kept getting louder and louder.

Her expressions were very lewd and beautiful.

The dragoness had really started to love the taste of his cock.

The sound of their bodies hitting mixed up with Yasmine's loud moans, creating an erotic atmosphere in the room.

❖❖❖