Chapter 297: A small help

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +64,832}

{Sin Point Gained: Revered +64,651}

{Sin Point Gained: Called +64,829}

...

"Sorry everyone, it is unfortunate but we will have to end this recruitment event right here for now.

You can vent your frustrations on my friend here, it is all because of him after all that the event is ending so soon."

After speaking, Vritra started walking in a really, really slow manner.

The people instantly started cursing Onest, while many pleaded for Vritra to not stop the recruitment.

Since the crowd made it impossible to leave, Vritra started floating, moving at the speed of a snail while getting thousands upon thousands of sin points.

"Will you start moving already? Why the hell are you so slow?"

Onest flew up before anyone could attack him, frustrated at seeing Vritra move so slowly.

"Don’t worry everyone, we will meet tomorrow as well. And even if you failed today, you might get another chance tomorrow." Vritra spoke while waving his hand at the crowd.

{Sin Point Gained: missed +64,846}

{Sin Point Gained: Followed +34,005}

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +64,632}

...

This was the fastest he had ever collected so many sin points.

Greed for money and belief in a miraculous entity are some of the fastest ways to get a person to do anything.

Onest waited impatiently.

It took Vritra more than ten minutes just to rise high enough in the air, but since they were getting a bit late, he had no choice but to finally end this session.

"That went so well, hehe, but it was quite funny to watch. And I wonder if the number of people will cross one hundred thousand tomorrow."

Yasmine spoke, feeling excited as she saw the large number of sin points that had already been collected.

’If nothing goes wrong, then I would have so many sin points very soon. Even after the upgradation of the Sin Arrow I will still have a lot of them left.

Anyway, what sort of work will I have to do for the Golden Moon?’ he thought, hoping he could stay in that place until he completed the quest.

"The profession of an agent is quite special. You must be ranked much higher than a person with a similar level in the Golden Moon.

They often do work like killing, information collection, delivering important objects or information, and all sorts of dangerous tasks." Yasmine replied.

While the two chatted, Onest flew along in silence, wondering if Monk Shitless’s words about his misfortune would come true.

It wasn’t long before they arrived at the base of the Golden Moon, which was quite close to the field they had visited the previous day.

The guard outside allowed the two to go inside directly.

It was a building with more than ten floors, and it really looked like a corporate office back from Earth, though a bit less developed, with a lot of differences.

The two first went up to the reception, where a young man was seated to help people with their queries.

"Oh, you are the new agents. Welcome, sirs. Sir Joey is waiting for you in the training area at the back of the building. Please head there." The receptionist said with a smile.

Vritra and Onest nodded and headed to the training area.

"With how you are coping through life by stealing, I believe you live alone in the capital." Vritra spoke.

"Ughh, so what? I was a slave before, and luckily someone saved me." Onest replied.

"Oh, who was that stupid person?" Vritra asked.

"You psycho huff..."

They soon arrived in the training area, where Joey was standing along with many other members of the Golden Moon.

They were all wearing different types of dresses, some were in white, some in red, and very few in greyish dress.

"Welcome our newest agents, Onest and Ben Tennyson!!" Joey spoke in a cheerful tone as soon as he saw the two.

"Oh, are we in the presence of a God?" Just then Vritra heard a familiar voice.

Sighing internally, he glanced to the side and saw the empress sitting there, while Han was protectively standing some distance away from her.

"Haha, I also heard about that. Well, you are doing a great job, but I wonder how exactly you performed those miracles.

What was that... Almighty Push, right? Hahaha. Anyway, I welcome you two to the righteous Golden Moon Organisation. I hope even in the future you continue to help everyone."

Then, taking out two storage Glyphs, he handed one to each of them and said: "These are a few essentials like your uniforms, badge, identity token and so on. Keep these things safe."

"Yes sir." Vritra and Onest nodded. After taking the glyphs, they scanned the contents. Aside from the things Joey mentioned, there were some high-level potions, a few weapons, maps, and several more things.

"Now, why don’t you go and get changed into your new uniforms?" the old man added.

...

After five minutes, Vritra and Onest joined the group of Golden Moon members. The uniform for agents was grey, and all of them were facing Joey.

"Since you are new, we should have given you proper training and introductions, but the situation here is quite bad and there is a lot of work. Still, you only need to complete small tasks for now. If you two have any questions, then ask away." Joey said.

Vritra raised his hand and, after Joey nodded, he spoke: "Can I get five days off?"

"No. Anything else?" answered the old man.

’Well, it was worth a try.’ Vritra thought.

"Alright, then I will be assigning a few tasks to you all." Then Joey started giving different tasks to all the members.

The most dangerous and harder or discreet missions were given to the agents.

"Now, as for you two, why don’t you keep an eye on the entrance of the kingdom? I heard several demons have been seen there lately. Just stay there for two days.

If demons attack and you can’t handle them, then give a signal to us and we will instantly send help." Joey ordered.

"Okay." Vritra nodded. He had to do it anyway, so there was no use complaining, and it’s not like he couldn’t use that time to gather sin points.

After receiving a few more instructions, they got ready to leave, but Yennefer suddenly appeared in front of Vritra.

"This uniform suits you quite well, Ben—oh wait, God.

Actually, I was wondering if you would like to go to a special place with me. I might need your help there." Yennefer said, mentioning a special help she had taken from him.

"Sorry, even if you are the empress, I can’t let anyone get in the line of our duty. I am an agent, see, I am the godfather of humanity." Vritra said while pointing at the badge on his chest.

"But didn’t our duty start from tomorrow? It is only 4 now and there is still quite some time." Onest said with a wide grin.

"See, that beggar friend of yours is right. Then shall we go?" Yennefer asked, giving a critical hit to Onest.

"In any case, that is highly inappropriate. Don’t you know I have three ladies waiting for me back at home?

What would people say about my character if I go around with an engaged woman? Sorry, I can’t help you." Vritra added.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...