Chapter 378: Femme Fatale

Vritra paused upon hearing the pain-filled screams. He tried scanning the deeper part of the cave but failed.

"Well, Foxie, guess you will have to wait for a while. Make sure to not die from the cold," Vritra said, getting ready to go deeper.

"M-My name is... haa haa... Maeve," she corrected, getting irritated by the word Foxie. If he left, then she might really die because of the cold.

"W-Wait, help me...ugh...please..." the demoness pleaded, though growing angrier inside.

’T-This darned human, I am going to—’ but she stopped herself from having any bad thoughts and accidentally releasing killing intent.

"Haa, fine." Vritra agreed and approached the drenched Maeve. Luckily, he had spare clothes that belonged to Vanessa.

Maeve’s clothes were already in a very bad state, so Vritra directly tore her clothes and threw them away until she lay naked in front of him.

His eyes first moved to her pale but beautiful face before moving down across her body—her ample breasts, her smooth buttery skin; her thick thighs were squeezed tightly, hiding her petals.

Finally, his eyes locked onto her tail.

Feeling his gaze on her bare skin, breasts, and down there, Maeve felt embarrassed. For the first time in her life, she felt so exposed.

"Wow, your tail is so soft." Vritra held her tail gently, caressing it as Maeve felt a shiver run through her body.

"Ahh! L-Let go..." she spoke with difficulty, feeling his fingers rub against her tail, as if electric current was coursing through her body.

Vritra ignored her words, squeezing and caressing her tail, as Maeve’s body twisted slightly and she released strange noises.

She was fuming inside but could do nothing but let him humiliate her. If it was before, anyone who dared to stare at her for too long would have his head cut off.

After a couple of minutes, Vritra finally stopped after having his fill, then he took out Vanessa’s clothes and slowly put them over her body.

"Are you feeling better now?" Vritra asked. Now that she was all washed up and dressed, Maeve looked quite devilishly beautiful—though a bit less than when she was completely naked.

’Just you wait, once I get better I will pay you back for everything,’ Maeve thought, but she tried her best to hold back her emotions and nodded.

’So cold, why did he have to throw such cold water at me?’ She really wanted to throw him into an ice-cold sea.

"Then wait here for me. I will be back after exploring this place," Vritra said as he turned and began to walk into the cave.

"No, don’t leave...haa...behind...p-please," Maeve called out, using every bit of her willpower to speak out.

Right now, even a child would be able to kill her—or, rather, her physical body. Her soul would be able to escape, but still she would be quite vulnerable.

Vritra rolled his eyes and decided to bring her along. It was a risk for his own life as well to leave her behind after all. And when he needed to fight, he could just put her in the dimensional book without letting her notice anything.

Moving towards the bed, he picked Maeve up and threw her over his shoulder.

"Oww! You will hurt me like this," she complained, though meekly.

Vritra almost threw her away, but taking a long breath, he moved the demoness to his back.

Her chin rested over his shoulder, and to make her stable he even tied a cloth, tightening it as her soft boobs squished against his back, with her legs wrapped around his waist.

"Are you fine now?" he asked. With his strength, carrying her like this wouldn’t be a problem; he just had to be careful not to accidentally kill her.

"Mmm," she hummed, closing her eyes. With her body pressed against his so tightly, she could feel his body heat which felt quite nice, so she relaxed on his back.

"Be careful, hubby, of the challenges inside and this fox. You know foxes have the habit of stabbing in the back. But don’t worry, I will keep a close eye on her," Yasmine said.

’Thank you wifey, I will be leaving my back to you.’

Then he began to venture into the dark cave, the sound of blades churning still going strong.

TIP TIP

From several places, water drops kept dripping onto the ground, but strangely there was no collected water, though the walls were painted red.

Vritra had just walked twenty or so meters when one of the drops fell over his shoulder.

Instantly, the land under his feet disappeared, arrows at extreme speed were shot out from the walls on both sides, aiming directly at his head.

And Vritra only now noticed that flying in this region was somehow prohibited.

But he stood unmoved over a small disc made of dust, with one hand gripping Maeve’s fleshy thigh, he caught all the arrows that were about to hit him easily.

"Oh, what kind of place is this? And I forgot to ask, what is your name?" Maeve asked, her comfortable rest broken by the sound of arrows.

Throwing the arrows away, Vritra began to walk forward; as he moved, ground began to form under his feet.

"I am Ben Tennyson, protector of the universe and wielder of—" but before he could speak, his words were cut off as countless balls were launched towards him from the front.

Vritra’s body turned to dust as the balls just passed through him and struck behind, causing the area to rot and burn.

But then he felt that he had missed something, as Maeve’s scream rang out. He finally remembered the demoness who was falling into the darkness.

"Oh, why are you in such a hurry?" Vritra caught her and once again put her on his back, before tightly tying the cloth.

"Haa haa, y-you did that knowingly!" Maeve said, and now she understood who exactly was in power here; without even killing her he could do so much.

"Ah, sorry, I forgot about the demon Queen who forcefully formed a life-death pact with me."

Vritra once again continued, but the deeper he was going the more difficult the challenges were becoming.

It was like this place was testing his limits, and after walking nearly two kilometres, hundreds of strange insects flew towards him.

Vritra had to take them seriously, since Yasmine informed him just how dangerous those things could be.

On his back, Maeve was just relaxing and enjoying the warmth of his body; it felt quite nice. She took a few sniffs and smelled something fragrant and sweet.

Unknowingly, a strong thirst for his blood filled her body; as her lips moved closer to his neck, Maeve could only slightly shift her body.

’How strange, humans and demons’ blood smell so foul—but why does his blood smell so darn good?’ She gulped her saliva and couldn’t hold on any longer, parting her pink moist lips, she bit his skin with her fangs.

"Mmm," but unlike before she couldn’t draw out any blood, no matter how much she tried to bite or suck his neck, since she couldn’t use her abilities.

"What are you doing?" Vritra was cutting the insects with a sword when he felt Maeve biting and sucking at his neck.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...