Chapter 250: Just leave if you don’t trust me...

{Sin Point Gained: Trapped +3}

"Yes, lord, please go ahead." The three agreed, pushing each other back to gain his trust first. Nihil-Anima was a terrifying entity even among the mythic halos, so they didn’t doubt what he had just said.

"..." Vritra showed a faint smile at seeing their enthusiasm. He looked at Thaddeus and said: "You come forth first."

"T- Thank you, my lord, I will forever be your loyal subject." Thaddeus showed a grin to the other two, then stood up proudly in front of Vritra.

He was like a giant, Vritra had to hover a bit higher to balance the height. Then he pressed his palm against Thaddeus’s chest, and sent the invisible flame into his body. The demon generals were very strong—if they put just a little resistance, Vritra would undoubtedly fail. That’s why he put up such an act.

But even so, this wasn’t going to be easy.

Nihil-Anima entered into Thaddeus’s body and went directly for his soul.

The demon general’s brows furrowed slightly at the strange and uncomfortable sensation, but he didn’t resist at all. Otherwise, wouldn’t he look like he had bad thoughts for his lord?

Then the invisible flames started surrounding his soul, slowly trying to trap it, just like how it went with Diana. Thaddeus gritted his teeth, it was becoming more and more uncomfortable, but the general persevered even though he was becoming more doubtful.

’What is going on? Is this really just a test?’ Thaddeus thought. His soul was highly rejecting this feeling, but he trusted Voromir Zuke with his life, so he didn’t raise any sort of question.

...

Nihil-Anima had to work quite hard to subdue such a strong soul. It took nearly half an hour, and finally Thaddeus had turned into his slave.

"Alright, done. I am now sure that you are perfectly loyal to me." Vritra said as he pulled back, and glanced at Silquor.

"Thank you, my lord." Thaddeus bowed, and in his joy he completely ignored the strange sensation present in his soul that soon disappeared.

He had finally become a loyal slave. No matter how high his level was compared to Vritra, he would never be able to disobey him.

"Silquor." Vritra called out as the old demon general straightened his body and stood on his toes to look taller.

Vritra had to land on the ground before starting the same process for the second time, and it went exactly like the first. It wasn’t long before Vritra obtained another slave.

"You are indeed loyal to me, I will trust you completely in the future." Vritra said as he patted his shoulder, and then glanced at Morvik and nodded.

"Hoo, my lord, I pledge my loyalty to you." Morvik stood up and bowed his head, feeling acknowledged.

Vritra ignored the constant pouring of messages of sin points. He smiled faintly and pressed his palm against Morvik’s chest.

The same process began for the third time. Nihil-Anima seemed a bit exhausted now; taking control of the strong souls of these demon generals wasn’t an easy task after all.

"Ughh M- My lord, is this normal? I feel like my soul is being chained..." Morvik muttered, his expression twisting as he barely resisted the urge to resist the changes.

Vritra frowned. He suddenly pulled his hand back, leaving the Nihil-Anima inside his body, and glared at Morvik before raising his hand and giving a hard slap with a leather slipper that had appeared in his hand at some point.

"It seems your trust in me is completely broken, and I can’t bring a person into my family who can’t even trust me. If any outsider ever tried to sow discord between us, then I am sure you would be the first one to betray me. Thaddeus and Silquor are enough, you can just leave!!" Vritra’s voice was filled with anger and disappointment.

"Tch. Lord, I have always had my doubts about this bastard. Just the two of us will be enough to fight alongside you, we don’t need a traitor." Thaddeus said, ready to break his friendship for his lord.

"Yes, lord, should I just kill him for showing such disrespect towards you?" Silquor asked, ready to launch an attack at any moment.

"N- No, my lord, that’s not what I meant. P- Please forgive me for my insolence..." Morvik, the silent and mysterious general, instantly fell to his knees, feeling abandoned and regretting speaking just now.

"No, just leave if you don’t trust me." Vritra said, raising his head high.

"B- But my lord, I trust you completely—" Morvik really looked as if he was about to break down.

"No, just leave if you don’t trust me." Vritra said, raising his head even higher.

"Please forgive me, I- I will prove to you—" Morvik tried to speak but was interrupted by Vritra as he spoke again:

"No, just leave if you don’t trust me."

"Sigh... fine, my lord. If—" Morvik resigned himself to his fate and decided to repent for the remainder of his life.

"Alright, since you are begging so much, I will give you another chance." Vritra said as he suddenly put his hand over Morvik’s shoulder and continued with the process.

...

"Looks like my doubts were for naught. As I expected, all three are devoted followers. In the future, we are going to achieve great things and make even the gods kneel in front of us." Vritra said, his voice giving motivation to the three generals.

"But first tell me, aside from trying to bring me back to life, what else have you been doing?" he asked suddenly.

The generals were standing in front of him, their bodies bent slightly to show respect. Silquor took a step forward and spoke: "Please allow me to speak, my lord."

’Oof, these overly dramatic demons... sigh, I will play along...’ Vritra thought and nodded. Whether they knew the truth now or not wouldn’t make much of a difference.

But it was better that they were going to work for him of their own will, so he didn’t tell them anything yet.

"Most of our time and efforts were spent in trying to locate you and finding the necessary items to bring you back. But we had also been taking care of your kingdom, your subjects. After your death, most of your soldiers and normal demons left to live in other demon lord’s territories. But many, who were loyal to you, stayed there. In the Voromir Kingdom, there are still a few thousand demons who believed you would come back. They would all be overjoyed if they found out you are back. So, my lord, why don’t we head there?" Silquor spoke respectfully.

"..." Vritra wanted to ask where that place exactly was, but that would blow his cover. He could use memory loss or such excuses, but that wasn’t optimal.

And like always, one of his two saviors instantly came to his rescue as Yasmine spoke: "They don’t live on their planet but in a different dimensional realm which is connected to this planet via a dimensional rift."

’Thank you, wifey, you are the best. I love you...’ Vritra said before questioning: "I doubt they would be living in the same realm after I was gone."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...