Chapter 168: The Temple

Vritra narrowed his eyes as he gazed into the distance while hovering in the air, staying in his disappearing state. He flew a bit higher and saw a large crowd gathered at a place more than ten kilometres away from him.

Even his senses had greatly improved after the demonic transformation. There were mostly young men, and all of them seemed rather excited—almost like a boy who was about to become a man.

’I wonder where Mom and the others are. Did they go to the temple? Maybe I should check that out—they should have arrived in this place a day before me.’ Vritra pondered.

Originally, the three women would have taken longer, but after paying more money, they got the fastest ride possible and arrived in the Blue Kingdom faster.

He decided to check that crowded place later. His first priority was to find them. He could sense Bobby’s presence, but it was hard to find their exact location.

He landed on the ground and removed the Fourth Dimension before walking calmly on the street. Vritra still looked quite handsome, so he was attracting quite a lot of gazes.

’Wifey, where do you think I can find that empty 1st Legion stone? Do you have any idea?’ Vritra asked while looking around casually. This place was a little similar to Dunshire, but most of the people here seemed richer, and this kingdom was definitely more advanced.

He noticed glyphs in the hands of many people, which was an extremely rare sight in the previous kingdom.

’Yeah, I have been here once before, so I do know a few things about it.’ Yasmine said calmly before continuing: "The place that you just saw crowded by young men is a competition venue. All the young men across the kingdom come there to get rankings from various academies.

But just now it was a bit too crowded—maybe something big is going on. Anyway, as I had said before, that 1st ranked stone isn’t too rare, and they are often given as gifts to the winners. But the empty ones are indeed a little rare, so it depends on your luck."

’I see...’ Vritra nodded. He decided to check it out, but then he asked: "Do you know where the temple is?"

"Yes, I do. Do you want to go there first to look for my cute mother-in-law?" Yasmine asked.

’Yeah, let’s go there first. There is a high chance they might have gone to the temple, as Diana said that it was sort of a program planned by the two temples.’ Vritra answered while tapping on his chin with the paper fan.

"Okay, let’s head there then."

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

Vritra flew in the sky again after entering the Fourth Dimension. Then, with a sonic boom, he rushed in the direction Yasmine pointed, and within seconds saw the high tip of the temple. It actually looked quite similar to the temple he used to live in—but even bigger and more majestic.

Vritra arrived near the temple in only a few seconds. Not wanting to get noticed by the legion-ranked men, he landed discreetly before blending in with the crowd, as he began walking towards the temple.

Poor Vritra was unknowingly being pulled into another troubling matter. It wasn’t for nothing that he was called a trouble magnet, after all. How could a kingdom stay peaceful after the emerging Demon Lord had made his way inside it?

But who would have expected that in less than one hour of entering the Blue Kingdom, he was already about to make contact with one of the most dangerous creatures?

Vritra calmly made his way up to the castle and stopped right at its entrance. He could sense that Bobby was nearby, so there was a high chance they might have really gone into the temple.

Dozens of men were walking in and out of the temple constantly. There didn’t seem to be anything wrong at first, but as Vritra began walking into the temple, he felt the strange gazes on himself from all around.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +28}

{Sin Point Gained: Stared at +31}

...

Vritra entered the majestic temple. All the seats of the temple were filled. A pope stood at the front and was reading something from a book, while all the people kept clapping lightly.

"Something is wrong here. I can no longer sense their presence here. Let’s get out first." Yasmine said.

"..." Those strange stares were still coming from all sides, and Vritra had a bad feeling about this temple as well. Something big was definitely going on right there.

Vritra turned around and began to walk back just as calmly, but the smiling pope who had been on the stage a moment ago appeared in front of Vritra just as he had turned.

{Sin Point Gained: Got Surprised +1}

Despite the surprise, Vritra didn’t show any kind of reaction. He took a step to the side and began to walk. But the pope moved faster as he once again stepped in front of Vritra and finally spoke:

"Why don’t you pray as well? It will give you inner peace."

Vritra frowned slightly before replying: "I am an atheist, and I accidentally entered this place. I don’t believe in prayers."

"Is that right? Well, leaving the temple isn’t as easy as entering. Why don’t you just stay for a while? I am sure we can change you." The pope added with the same smiley face that looked creepy.

Yasmine was still trying to figure out what was wrong with these people. Although she had her doubts, she didn’t believe that could be true. This was the temple of the Blue Kingdom, after all. How could those people have reached here?

"No thanks. Now if you’ll excuse me, I don’t want to hit a pope even if I don’t believe in any of this." Vritra could already sense danger from all around. All the people who were seated had turned their heads, and all of them were looking at him with that same creepy smile.

"Hmmm..." The pope observed Vritra’s body carefully. He couldn’t comprehend everything about him for some reason, but his body was a great attraction to the Grieves as a host.

After thinking for a few seconds, the pope seemed to have made up his mind as he spread his hands and asked: "Have you heard of the Grieves? You can obtain unimaginable power—much further than your wildest imagination—"

The pope wanted to lure Vritra away with words first before resorting to force, but Yasmine’s danger meter had started ringing the moment she heard the word Grieves.

"RUN!!" She said just one word, her voice full of worry. The Grieves are dangerous creatures which could easily take over anyone’s body and live like a parasite—or just replace the host.

Unless there is a big power difference, it was nearly impossible to stop these creatures.

Vritra nodded calmly while hearing the pope’s words. He was already making a plan to escape in his mind.

But just as he was about to leap into the Fourth Dimension, an extremely strong presence fell over the entire temple. The people on the seats instantly sat straight, and the pope seemed to have tensed up a bit.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...