Chapter 649 Too Horny [R-18]

Before long, all the people woke up, they were terrified at everything that had happened here.

The world had truly become a hellhole, many of them had died here but they were thankful to have survived.

"Are you sure you don't want to stay here any longer?" Peter asked, his shoulder was bandaged.

"Yeah, we have already spent quite some time here, and need to hurry forward." Vritra replied.

"Alright, then just follow along the markings in the map and you can find both the Wolves and the Big Bang Colony, just be careful those people are quite powerful." Peter warned.

Vritra nodded and turned to leave, all the nine others were already waiting for him near the door.

He had also left some food for them, there was too much on him anyway.

All the people in the camp thanked him, without his help they would have been dead.

"Let's go, our next stop will be the Wolves base." Vritra said as he opened the map and scanned it thoroughly.

After just a few moments, he remembered it perfectly.

The Wolves base was closer, and he needed to get the wolves for long transport.

And then repay that butcher guy in Big Bang Colony.

"Could these maps still be used?" Teresa asked, who knows how much the world has changed.

"…Right, even the city might have some changes. Anyway, we will follow on this path for now, if we are lucky we might find someone who knows." He replied.

As for defeating that group, unless there is someone who had taken the next step in evolution, they wouldn't be his match.

Just his spiritual attack would kill most enemies.

And so the group continued, it was around the time of the evening and the sun was setting.

The perfect time to use Maeve's ability and disappear completely.

"Husband, I am thirsty." The empress spoke suddenly just after a few minutes had passed.

"Oh, here." He quickly took out a water bottle and passed it to her, while looking at the others to see if they wanted it too.

But Yennefer didn't take the bottle, Vritra raised a brow and looked at her in confusion.

"Don't you want this? Or maybe juice?" he pulled another bottle, but Yennefer stared at him before sexily muttering:

"I want you…"

"…" he was speechless and only now remembered, that it's actually been quite long since they have done anything.

And after surviving that near death experience, his wives were feeling horny?

His focus was completely on survival so he forgot all about it momentarily.

But Yennefer, being the wild one with domination kink, was never shy to not ask for what rightfully belongs to her.

"Hmm let's continue a little longer, once we find a safer place, then we can-"

The empress took a step towards him, silencing him with a kiss before whispering into his ears.

"No, I can't wait. If you delay, I might just jump on you right here, I am drenched down there. I need you." Her words stunned Vritra, not expecting such strong reaction.

He glanced at all his wives, and they too looked at him with hungry looks.

'I can still win right? My endurance has increased quite a lot, I think I have still got it.' Vritra thought.

Maybe all of them were influenced by Yennefer or were just holding back till now, the lust was evident in their eyes.

Vritra turned to look at Shitless and Onest who were walking some distance away and called out.

"We will be resting here for a while, and continue from tomorrow."

"Rest again? Didn't we just come after resting?" Shitless asked, scratching his head.

"Okay, let's find a place to stay first." Onest agreed, without any questions.

It wasn't long before they found an empty building, though some mutants were still there.

Clearing the fifth floor very quickly, Vritra and his wives took one of the apartment while the two guys took another.

Right as Vritra locked the door behind him, his wives pounced at him like zombies.

Teresa was still quite shy, she had her first time with Vritra after the wedding, a very special first time.

With just the two of them alone.

It was supposed to be normal but Yasmine wanted to make her sister's first time to be special, so she made it a bit more fun.

[A/N: I will give those chaps separately, and will inform you all once its ready.]

Vritra threw his clothes away and pulled Yennefer closer as she wrapped her legs around his waist, their lips meeting in a fiery kiss.

He walked while kissing her to the bedroom, it seemed this place was emptied early on, so it was relatively fine.

Though it has already been looted.

He pressed the empress's body against the wall, feeling her wetness against his cock.

Their tongues entangling, exchanging saliva and moving from one mouth to another.

The other women sat over the bed, each looking extremely beautiful, they had taken off their clothes already.

Vritra pulled back as his lips curled up.

"Why don't we try those uniforms now?" he said, and put Yennefer down on the bed then took out the uniforms.

Some were white while others were green, it was a tight fit, especially around their chests and asses.

Their milky cleavage was still visible, and they looked so hot in the uniforms.

All his wives except Fiona were older than him and now even she looked quite mature.

Their ripe voluptuous bodies looked too sexy.

His penis was already fully hardened by just the sight, he walked closer to Yennefer who wore the uniform of a sergeant.

"Hehe, husband, you have got quite a taste, this sure is exciting." Yennefer bit her lip, her big bosom struggling against the tightness.

Vritra gripped the pants and tore it around her vagina, having sex without taking off the clothes was also exciting.

He sat down, his thumbs caressing her wet petals before he pressed his mouth against the warm shivering pussy.

His tongue instantly delving into the tightness of the empress's cave, rubbing and poking the soft fleshy folds.

"Aaahhhh~" Yennefer moaned, since earlier her insides had been itching, and finally his tongue brought such satisfaction.

The other wives could only wait, they wanted his complete attention focussed on them so waiting only increasing horniness.

Yennefer's body arched up, his tongue moving deep inside but unfortunately he cannot increase the length.

He can't use Intra shuffle here, so it still left her wanting more.

Vritra tasted her sweet juices, loving the sensation of her soft walls clenching down on his tongue and pulling it in.

SLURP SLURP

GULP

The sound of her moans was mixed with the noises he was making, constantly feeling her sweet warm juices flowing down his throat.

But he too noticed that Intra shuffle was missing, so after eating for a bit longer he pulled his lips apart.

Yennefer looked at him with lustful eyes, she urgently wanted him to enter her, to feel his cock deep inside.

"Husband, hnn~ p- put it in, fill me up~" she spoke in between her moans, waiting to connect with him in the most intimate way.

Vritra pulled at her shirt, breaking a few buttons as her creamy breasts popped out, bouncing softly.

This sight was way too hot.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...