Chapter 395: Provocation

Vritra flashed beside Griffith, punching his body again and again.

All his protective treasures were broken by the devastating force, his body twisting and breaking apart.

The sound of explosions and screams flooded the area; the meatball was no match for him.

The crunching of all his bones turning into powder made the three demons hiding shiver.

Even Maeve was shocked by this sight; she had seen how brutal Vritra could be when he had killed those human dolls in Zihong’s inheritance.

But right now he didn’t seem to be himself, but a wild beast who only knew destruction.

He was thoroughly destroying Griffith, making it as painful for him as possible but not giving him death.

Vritra let out a destructive roar, making the prince’s ear burst and nearly half of his brain turned into minced meat.

But Griffith’s body was healing rather fast because of some treasure, but even after knowing this, Vritra did nothing to the treasure.

He let him heal a bit only to destroy him even more.

With an inhumane and merciless expression, Vritra twisted and pulled away Griffith’s jaw.

Then pulling that spatial knife, he slashed again and again, turning his lower body into a bloody mess as it fell to the ground in tiny pieces.

Griffith kept trying to run; the pain was to the point that he had become mad within a few minutes.

Vritra turned the dust into something extremely hot, something that could turn lava into vapour and let it flow into the broken man’s veins.

Even using the nether eye’s ability to slowly corrode his soul, mind, and body but not completely, just giving him all the pain he could.

Vritra could almost see Darius’s disgusting face in Griffith’s, though now his face was so broken that even his healing skill had slowed down and couldn’t heal him back.

...

This level of torture continued for several hours; by the time Vritra stopped, Griffith was completely broken and barely alive.

Vritra took a spear from Griffith’s storage and spoke:

"Say hello to your brother."

Then he pulled his right hand back and threw the spear towards Griffith, as it tore through the air.

CHHIIIIIIII

One of Griffith’s eyes had barely healed and his jaw was still hanging onto his head with a strand of flesh.

The spear plunged into his open mouth, ripping away his head and flying towards the scroll.

The frozen scroll in the air finally lost its restriction and it turned into a white pillar of light, swallowing up the spear and the head.

***

Inside the palace, Darius was still checking up the recent affairs and giving orders to his commanders about Vritra, Maeve, and Raelion’s search.

"Hoo, I didn’t expect such a perfect night to bring me so much trouble. Who do you think was responsible for that explosion?

It was done at such a perfect time that no one could have predicted it." Darius leaned back on his throne, massaging the bridge of his nose.

"It might very well be Raelion, we all know how cunning he is. B- But what if he had done something to the empress? None of us can still get a hold of her after she ran out."

Hans said in worry; he knew that in this life he would never be able to receive love from Yennefer but he at least wanted to protect her and make sure she is always happy.

"You worry too much, nothing could happen to her. Just focus on your work. If you were this diligent about your job as well, then I wouldn’t have to worry so much about this—"

Just as he was speaking, a pillar of white light descended a few meters away from him.

And then a spear flew out from it, heading straight for his head. Of course, Darius easily avoided the spear with a slight tilt of his head, as the spear pierced through the throne.

Hans got ready to defend against any other surprise attacks but then they froze upon noticing the head skewered by the spear; it looked way too broken.

Only because of the familiar mana was Darius able to recognise him.

"Griffith?! What happened to you? Didn’t you just go out?"

Darius couldn’t understand what could have happened in a span of a few hours and who would dare hurt his brother in his continent, not to mention that he wasn’t able to notice it.

"..." Gritting his teeth, he pulled several high-level potions and began to pour them over his head.

Although their relation wasn’t very good, they were still brothers and he had made a promise to his father to always protect him.

"Tell me who did it? And I am not going to let anything happen to you!" Darius shouted, not caring about the wealth he was pouring on his half-brother.

"B- Brothe... S- saveee..."

As Griffith healed a little bit, he called out in desperation, begging as bloody tears streaked across his cheeks.

The sight only made Darius angrier; someone actually dared to challenge him in such a manner.

How could the human emperor not be enraged?

His body was shaking and under the pressure of his aura, the whole walls and ground were trembling.

"Stay with me, you are going to be alright!"

Hans rushed forward too; while the emperor was treating Griffith he made sure there wasn’t anything dangerous in the surrounding.

"Emperor, should I find where the battle has taken place?" Hans asked.

"GO!" Now that Griffith had returned to him, he won’t let his brother die, even if he was on his last breath.

Not a single chance of anyone being able to hurt Griffith in his presence.

Hans bowed before rushing outside; there should still be fluctuations of the battle if it was between such strong beings, and unless he was fighting someone at the lord rank, no way Griffith would lose easily.

Pulling out ten more potions, Darius poured it all on Griffith’s head, as he rapidly began to heal.

"Griffith, stay awake, you will be fine very soo—" Darius had not finished speaking when Griffith’s shadow moved strangely.

Then it transformed into a strange sorcerer appearing right beside the head that had barely grown the neck.

The Hellmancer opened his mouth with a twisted gape, endless darkness pouring out as it bit at Griffith’s head, swallowing his soul instantly and finally putting an end to the prince.

The emperor was so shaken by this that he was still pouring the potion over Griffith’s head.

Believing that no one would dare to hurt the prince in his presence and right in front of him, Darius had put his guard down.

And that one instant was enough for this strange creature to devour his brother’s soul.

Hellmancer’s strength increased rapidly, the darkness becoming more profound and deadly.

Then raising its long bony finger towards the emperor, it muttered in its twisted and rough voice: "You are next."

Then Hellmancer’s body began to swell at an unbelievable speed. The emperor was still in shock at the sudden death of his brother when he sensed the deadly energy.

He couldn’t tell immediately what sort of being it was but he didn’t expect the sorcerer to commit suicide all of a sudden.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...