Chapter 385: Sad...

[D-Day 20]

Across the entire continent, the search for Vritra was going at full force.

Almost the entire forces and army had been deployed; they were even thoroughly checking all the houses.

Based on the info that his strength should be at most around 3rd or even an impossible 4th legion rank, they had spread their strongest warriors.

Not just humans; even phoenix and other races were mixed in this search.

While the demons, Nine Pacts, Grieves, Bone Blood Cult, and many other dark forces were causing even more trouble, showing their connection and support for Vritra.

Now that a big event will soon be happening, there were speculations that something big could happen there.

Though big shots like emperors and many others were invited there, such info makes everyone believe that it really might be the day of the emperor and empress’s wedding.

Especially since unlike many times before, the empress didn’t make any statements.

The emperor previously had spread such rumors to put pressure on her but she outright rejected everything, but not this time.

***

"H-Huh? Ukkhhyyaaaaa!"

Green Claw let out a painful scream as one of his fingers was cut off clean.

He pulled his hand back as blood spluttered out.

Though at their level, the regeneration speed of most is exceptional, and pain tolerance is high.

But someone like Green Claw, who had depended on his family for all his achievements, almost cried from just this much pain.

Not to mention, each of his fingers was a great treasure for him; all the nails were filled with a very deadly poison created by spending a vast amount of family money.

"Oh forgive us, here are your extra five gold coins." Vritra said and threw five coins at Vin.

"...Oh haha, good job Greeny, I didn’t think of that."

The twins were surprised that such a knife was able to cut his finger off.

But winning free money, Vin was just happy while Tin was busy getting his massage from Sonia, so he didn’t really care.

"Alright, that will be all, we have spent all our money.

We will be back again tomorrow, so don’t forget to come and play and earn a lot of money."

Vritra clapped his hand as the finger on the table disappeared suddenly.

"Woah look at that bird with ten heads flying with its tongue and shitting out gold!" Sonia shouted, pointing towards the sky.

And naturally the gaze of all the men shifted towards the sky, but there was nothing except the setting sun.

Then they looked back but the three people along with the stall had completely disappeared.

"W- Where are they? Fang Yan! Catch them, they are thieves!" clutching his hand, Green Claw shouted.

The people quickly checked their storages and most heaved a sigh of relief.

While Tin, Vin, and Green Claw were the only ones who had their inventories or storage glyphs emptied by nearly half.

...

Before those men knew it, Vritra, Shitless, and Onest had already escaped.

Two of them returned to the temple, while Vritra headed towards the hotel where the demoness was staying.

He had done the whole thing half-heartedly.

After hearing that news, he was not in the mood to do anything.

Though he was still quite calm, countless questions kept popping in his mind.

***

Maeve lay on the bed, staring outside the window.

She could move her arms now though moving her entire body was still quite difficult.

’Don’t tell me he is planning to just abandon me?

Then how am I going to succeed with my plan?’ she thought, feeling troubled.

Staying more than a month together, she had gotten quite used to his playful nature, his jokes, and had started to enjoy his company.

Just while she was deep in thought, Maeve sensed a gust of wind and then a figure appeared close to the bed.

"You are back! COUGH I mean, did you finish the task?"

She was happy to see Vritra return, even though he had a different appearance right now, but no one else could have that sweet smell.

But she acted like a tsundere.

The demon queen was ready, or rather eager, to hear him speak, call her Foxie, and joke around but none of that sort happened.

"Yeah, I got what you wanted." He said simply, his appearance changing back to Ben.

Pulling out the finger from his inventory, he put it over the table.

"Wha- Hahaha You cut off the entire finger, I wish I was there to watch it."

Maeve laughed, but then quieted down, seeing his emotionless face.

"Treat yourself with that poison, then our deal will be complete after I get the treasures. And we can part ways."

Vritra said, sending a jolt through her body.

"Hmm... we part ways?" she muttered, wondering if their time together really is going to end so soon; it was like breathing in fresh air after living her whole life in a gutter.

"Okay... I would be very happy to get away, no one has ever treated me like that." she added in a low voice, her tail slowly became still.

Vritra nodded, not noticing the change in the fox demon’s emotions and expression.

Maeve was a demon and had undoubtedly done many evil things in her life. Till now, she just wanted to recover and kill him.

But without her knowing, the thought of killing him had disappeared; she just liked being around him.

"I will be sleeping here for the night."

The sky outside had already gone dark and Vritra didn’t wish to go back to the City of Charms.

This was the first such big difficulty in his love life.

There had been that one time with Fiona but it was easily resolved and wasn’t a big matter.

But knowing that Yennefer hadn’t made any announcement to deny this news made him angry at her.

Then he lay down on the bed beside Maeve, closing his eyes, trying to empty his mind.

’Did something happen? Why does he seem so... sad?’ Maeve wondered.

She turned to her side with great difficulty and stared at his face.

Looking at his features, she really wondered what exactly he looks like.

The image of his demonic self was still etched deep in her mind, that sight of pure slaughter.

The only thing she had ever wanted was for someone to care for her, but whether it be her parents, her brothers or any other demon, they had all been selfish and brutal.

Ready to even kill her if the opportunity arrived.

Though she knew Vritra didn’t care about her, but him helping her and protecting her made her feel nice.

"Um... can you show me your true appearance?" she called out after a while, but even after a few seconds received no response from him.

Wriggling her body, she moved a bit closer to him while pretending as if nothing was wrong.

’I hope he is fine.’ She thought, missing his comments, jokes, and insults.

While she was busy with her own thoughts, Vritra stared at a display in his mind in bafflement.

It was a message from the Divine system, but unlike anything before.

He didn’t read anything else but was completely focused on just a single line that made him wonder if it was some sort of joke or some bad omen.

That one line in the middle of the whole message...

{Completion Requirement: Death!}

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...