Chapter 704 Smoker

TIP TIP TIP TIP

Blood rain poured over the nine protectors and ten administrators, who stood in bafflement, wondering what had just happened.

The blood giant had just disappeared. Covered in blood, the two sides looked at each other in silence.

Then they came to a realization, their mouths opening as they pointed their fingers at each other.

"Protectors, they are the ones we have to capture!" the administrators shouted.

"Administrators, they are the ones we have to avoid!" the Protectors shouted.

For a moment they both looked up and then down, the blood giant really was just gone.

Then they realized, the protectors thought: 'How cunning, so they did it all to make us reveal ourselves?'

While the administrators felt that these cunning protectors might have set some trap.

After slight hesitation, the administrators finally launched the attacks.

And soon, both sides were entangled in a deadly fight.

Vritra had entered the flood water and fled after pulling that stunt, he quickly joined the others and after entering the air bubble, they quickly started moving.

With his Evomorph skill and blood manipulation, he was able to completely merge into the water, erasing his presence.

"Huff We should be fine for now." He spoke and sat down, that still took a lot of energy.

Only after they were out of the city did they finally come out of the water.

Travelling in the water allowed them to kill even more mutants, and Vritra used all the points to draw rewards, his stats rising quickly.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 9,996)

(Agility: 10,000)

(Endurance: 10,000)

(Spiritual: 10,000)

{Free Attribute: 0}

』

{Sin Points: 3}

'Just a little more…' he thought, his stats have grown to an insane level.

He could literally kill all the mutants, humans or even players with just a slap.

The journey ahead was pretty relaxed.

After travelling for a few more hours and killing a lot of mutants along the way, Vritra decided to stop at a tall building and rest.

Clearing the surroundings and the building, they took rooms on the top floor.

Right as they entered the room, Vritra was instantly surrounded by his wives.

It had been weeks since they did anything, and this only made them hungrier.

Vritra was just as hungry for them, so without wasting any time, wild sex started in the room.

For an entire day straight, Vritra satisfied all his wives, filling them until they were completely exhausted.

Their stamina had grown greatly but they still couldn't handle the pleasure he gave them for long.

But now that Yasmine was pregnant, all of them were even more enthusiastic to receive his seeds.

Only after getting their bellies filled to the brim did they finally stop, enjoying the feeling of the warmth in their bellies.

The group rested, in this time a few creatures attacked the building but Shitless and Onest easily killed them while playing around.

Finally after having lunch together, the group continued for an entire day.

They weren't rushing too fast, and were taking small rests on the way.

After crossing yet another city, a message popped before Vritra.

[Two Players have been detected in this city!]

"More players? Sigh." Vritra sighed, Morgan had caused so much trouble for them already.

And there were two here? But now, none in the group was weak.

"There are two players in this city, be careful. We might have to stay here a bit longer, as it is our objective to kill them."

Vritra announced, it felt like a chore but they had to do it.

After flying for a while, they saw a building on top of which people were fighting.

Not actually fighting, it seemed several men were beating up a small group.

Since he needed to get information and some sin points, Vritra decided to approach the building.

He transformed the cart into a boat and moved it over the water, approaching the building.

"Boss, a strange boat is approaching!" suddenly a man announced, looking down from the roof.

The men at the top were alerted as they all looked down and saw a few people standing on the boat.

"There are women!" the leader of the group exclaimed, he was a man with a buzz cut and slightly overweight.

He was still eating mutant meat while enjoying the sight of his slaves getting beat up.

"Should we go capture them- wait they have stopped near our building keke looks like they will come here on their own." Hunter, the right hand man of the leader spoke.

He was kinda slow mentally and couldn't form plans but was very brutal in fights, everyone was scared of him in the building.

"Boss, let's first check their strength." The left hand man of the boss, called Ribbit spoke.

"Hmm Ribbit is right, the previous time we almost got wiped out when that strange crow like man had appeared here." The boss nodded, blowing smoke out of his nose.

His ability was to make anyone see illusions, that's how he had managed to kill his enemies and take control of all the goons here.

Everyone feared him, he was always smoking, and even while he was sleeping, anyone who approached him ended up dead.

"Let's go and welcome our guests." Ribbit said while rubbing his palms.

"Boss, those women seem to be real beauties, if I kill those three guys, please let me have three of them." Hunter spoke, his face full of lust.

In the apocalypse aside from survival, such criminals only found pleasure in torturing others and women.

"Tsk Two at max, I will get three, and two will be for Ribbit." The boss whose name was Smoker spoke.

"Sigh fine, two are fine but I will be the first to choose!" Hunter said firmly.

"Fine fine, let's go down and greet them, we have to gain their trust first." Ribbit said, grinning as he saw the ten people on the boat hesitate.

"Stop right there! What are you doing here?" the people guarding the lower floors shouted.

But even they were baffled upon seeing the seven women, they were just too beautiful.

Vritra rolled his eyes, in a place where women are already getting extinct, such gorgeous wives of his are certainly going to grab too much attention.

"W- We were just passing by, searching for food when a mutant attacked us and a few of our friends got killed." Onest was the one to speak in a fearful tone.

"Sigh So you are here to loot us?" one of the guards smirked, as he sent someone to inform the boss.

"No no, we don't dare. We were just wondering if you would allow us to rest here for a while, we are all exhausted after a long journey." Shitless spoke, his face and body hidden.

He looked like a mutant after all.

"Hello friends, I am Smoker, and currently I am the leader of this building. I welcome you here, may I know who is your leader." Smoker and the others quickly arrived at the 3rd floor.

With the water level so high, there wasn't much difference between the boat and the third floor.

"It is me, I am called Shitless. If you don't mind, can we spend a day here? W- We can even offer you some food in return." Shitless spoke, though his voice sounded feminine.

'There are eight females?!' Smoker, Ribbit and Hunter looked at one another, their smiles widening.

"Of course, please come inside and we don't even need any fees. We are happy to help others." Smoker spoke with a kind smile.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...