Chapter 566 Fuck!!

Drino stared at the woman behind Vritra in a daze for a few moments and decided not to kill her.

If she truly is one of the divine's sisters, then he would make a whole lot more profit by handing her over to the god.

Vritra pulled in more mana from the surroundings, but that only managed to fill his core by half.

Then, creating a long whip from Goop, he rushed forward, leaving his soul wraiths behind to protect Teresa.

She had already deployed various protective layers around her, then took out a glyph.

It started to float before her and Teresa started to modify it to meet their current needs, her fingers weaving it to life.

Her creations were far above the lord rank.

'No wonder they are sisters, Wifey is such a genius and Tess too has godly intelligence, they don't really belong to this world.' Vritra thought as he glanced back briefly at his wife, who was focusing fully on the glyph.

Then, turning forward, Vritra swung the long whip towards the dazed Drino, letting it tighten around his neck.

"I am done, husband." Just a few seconds passed and Teresa was done creating such a powerful treasure, though she seemed quite exhausted.

Vritra shifted everything into strength, using all his skills to bring his strength to its peak and then tugged forcefully at the whip.

Drino stumbled forward, coughing loudly as he returned to his senses and finally came out of his dream realm.

Remembering that there were still a few bugs left before he could take back the two sisters.

"Ugh, you are-" but his words were cut short.

Vritra exerted all his strength, all the mana, as the surroundings started to tremble.

His body started transforming, becoming a mess of various types of energies. Scales and horns appeared, and he appeared more like a monster than Drino.

Going all out, oppressive pressure filled the air, massive waves of mana stacking over his fists.

[Nuclear Fist Activated!]

His skill, Nuclear Fist, had gone through a big change as well, filling the meter was now several times more difficult, plus the power was even more incredible.

[Charge: 1634.96%]

The charge might be less than the previous time, but the power was certainly many, many times higher than before.

Previously it had reached over 1,900%, but if compared to the current charge, that level would have been met even before reaching 1000% charge.

Vritra knew the whole place around would be destroyed by the aftereffects of that strike, so he started creating hundreds of large protective layers around them to keep the damage away from the continent.

Teresa threw the glyph into the air, and in the next moment returned to the divine realm.

Somehow, she was able to enter and exit on her own.

Drino wasn't able to react in that instant, as the glyph broke into tiny sparkles of light and flew upward.

They seemed to have created a large barrier around the planet itself, though its effect was quite special.

An extreme amount of energy started to flood his fist the moment Nuclear Fist was activated.

The area thousands of kilometres around them turned dark, space started to crack under the pressure.

All creatures around started to flee as if a world ending event was about to happen.

'This?!! How does he possess so much power? Wasn't he at the 1st level?' Drino was baffled by the pressure this single attack put on him.

He felt as if something massive and terrifying was approaching him and he had no way to stop it, Vritra's fist was small compared to Drino's.

But at this moment, that same fist seemed to have become hundreds of meters large, and Drino felt small in front of it.

And finally, the strike collided with the body of the demi god.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

For a moment there was complete silence, as if everything had stopped to exist, and then chaos consumed everything.

All of Drino's limbs were torn the moment the destructive energy collided, his scales were torn, and organs became messed up.

And the strange destructive energy started to wreak havoc inside him, the storm of energy consuming him whole.

The ground was obliterated, the sky filled with destruction, and the space started to break like fragile glass.

This planet was not yet ready for such a level of battle, there wasn't even supposed to be a demi god there yet.

Vritra knew if he too got entangled in the mess of the storm, he would be badly injured as well, so he decided to disappear into the divine realm.

But just as his body was starting to disappear, the tail of the hateful demi god struck his chest, piercing deep.

Drino's body shot away from the Zoratian planet at extreme speed, breaking through space, and in an instant he was far away from the planet.

But that bastard dragged Vritra along, not giving him a chance to escape.

The barrier Teresa had set instantly started to work, it changed Drino's destination which originally was his planet.

But now he would be thrown far, far away into space, a place where it would take him quite some time just to find his own planet, let alone the Zoratian planet.

And the next time, he wouldn't be able to teleport there, but because of Drino's last effort, Vritra was dragged along.

He must have hated the fact that he was beaten to this extent by such weak creatures, his pride must have been wounded.

Which is why, instead of extending that energy into protecting himself, he tried to drag Vritra to death with him.

'Fuck this bastard, I am so going to kill him, damnit.' Vritra shielded his face as the space around him started to act like sharp broken pieces of blades while they travelled at such high speed through rifts.

No matter how much Vritra tried to free himself, nothing worked, even in that state, he wasn't able to overpower Drino.

'Just two levels could mean such a big difference? How do I even level up?' Vritra wondered, and he was panicking as well.

The force of the Nuclear Fist was so much that they continued to drift endlessly, plus Teresa's treasure had given another push.

After some time, the panic disappeared and now Vritra wondered when it would end, they just kept going on and on and on.

'Huh? How far have we even travelled? Why isn't it ending?' A surprised and bored expression appeared on his face as Vritra finally looked around and saw the speed they were travelling at.

The two were already very, very far away from the Zoratian planet, they passed through all sorts of realms but the power of Nuclear Fist was yet to end.

Vritra glanced down and saw the tail that was embedded into his chest, then at the boiled and broken demi god.

Drino's body was still getting destroyed by the violent energies, radioactive radiations, and whatnot, stopping the healing and injuring him more.

Vritra waited a bit longer but nothing changed, crossing his arms, he tapped and questioned.

'Divine, is there a way for me to kill him and increase my level?'

It would certainly be great if he could reach level 3, the power difference was astronomical after all.

With that level of power, he could breeze past a couple of games without any difficulty.

For a few moments, there was no reply, while Vritra just continued to drift through space.

But finally, the Divine replied…

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...