Chapter 457: Devil’s Puppet-3 (End) [R-18]

Diana felt her cave expanding as the head of his penis pushed through the entrance, her juices that had drenched his member were definitely a great help.

Still she was feeling some pain, as more and more of his hard meat rod entered her back.

"Hnngggg~ W- Wait mmmm~" Diana could clearly feel every inch of his penis reshaping her cave.

As the head of his penis got stuffed inside, Vritra gave one hard push and the entire length finally entered her body.

Diana did her best to not leak out any sound, still unaware of the constant watch of her younger sister.

Her hot and fleshy insides were extremely tight, gripping his penis strongly, holding it in place.

"Haa haa Give me Mmmph a minute..." Diana muttered, feeling his entire length inside her body.

"Okay, I don’t want my toy to break after all, so get used to this feeling, as in the future, I would be filling both of your holes plenty of times." Vritra said, caressing her back gently.

After a short pause, Vritra began to thrust into her back door as all the pain disappeared and all that remained was a new world of pleasure.

For both, it was completely different than having normal sex. Her back hole was incredibly tight and pulsing crazily, squeezing him inside, as his penis started moving back and forth.

"Annggg~ D- Don’t go so deep mmmph~" Diana moaned, her mind clouded by pleasure, while outside Fiona dispersed the fake crowd that seemed to have heard something.

An intense itch spread across her vagina, as more love juices flooded out of her.

The thrust reverberated through her body, making her flesh tremble as her moans filled the room.

Vritra finally freed her hand as he held them both and pushed harder and harder.

And before long, Diana felt a strong wave of love juices flood out of her pussy as she orgasmed, from her back.

And feeling the tightening flesh, Vritra came soon after, flooding her back with his hot semen.

Her body slumped forward as his penis finally pulled out from her butt hole, leaving her completely breathless.

"Well that was quite good, but you need more training. Get ready for round 2." Vritra spoke as he rolled her over, about to enter her pussy again.

"No hnggg~ not yet, if y- you enter now I will t- truly break haaaa..." Diana pleaded, she was too overwhelmed with pleasure.

And Fiona could no longer just watch the sorry sight of her sister, she knew she had to protect her, especially now when she was completely exhausted.

BANG

After making up her mind, she pushed the door open and entered, before closing it with a loud bang.

"Haha So you finally decided to enter, and here I thought you were just going to enjoy the show." Vritra chuckled, looking at Fiona’s angry expression.

"F- Fiona hnnn~ W- What are you doi-" Diana’s eyes widened in shock, as she tried to cover her body.

"Don’t worry, big sis, I will protect you from this devil. You don’t have to be ashamed of all you have done to protect me, and now this is my turn." Fiona spoke with determination, interrupting her.

"Oh, are you here to kill me or something? If so, then you would better pray you succeed otherwise, this planet would be worse than hell for you two sisters." Vritra said, his lips curling up.

"Wow, such great actors, hubby I think our family could just start a great drama company, I am sure we would be popular by just bringing stories of movies from earth here." Yasmine laughed, enjoying the whole show.

Vritra rolled his eyes, trying hard not to break the character.

"No, I know perfectly well how dangerous of a guy you are. I am not here to kill you, but take place of my sister."

Fiona said through gritted teeth, though the warm fluid rolling down her thighs almost made her want to drop the act.

"No Fiona, you can’t-" Diana tried to get up but had no strength in her body.

"Don’t worry about me sister, I can take care of this so from now on, you don’t have to be the plaything of this devil. I can do this." Fiona muttered.

"Haa Such beautiful sister bond, it almost makes me want to let you two go. But as humans we all have needs, and I need to get the equal of the money I had given you." Vritra said, with a shake of his head.

"I will throw all your money back at you, until then don’t you dare lay a finger on my sister. Just let me take her place." Fiona said, her voice full of anger.

"Quite the fiery one, hmm I love that. Breaking you would be quite fun, just like how I did it with your sister. Alright enough chatter, are you really sure you want to take her place?" Vritra asked.

"Yes, but promise me, you won’t do anything to her after I replace her." Fiona demanded.

"Sure, as long as she doesn’t throw herself at me, I would only put all my focus on the cute angry younger sister." He nodded, getting off the bed, standing completely naked in front of her.

"Fiona..." Diana didn’t know what to do, she couldn’t even move her legs and felt sleepy.

Gazing into Fiona’s rageful eyes, Vritra smiled and said:

"But for that, you have to prove that you are better than your sister, if you can enchant me then I won’t even touch her."

"..." Fiona glanced at her sister then her gaze focused on Vritra, and she became firm in her decision.

She just needed to make him forget about her sister, so he wont ever go near Diana.

She loosened her clothes, as they slid down her smooth skin, revealing her sizzling hot body.

She looked at Vritra with a hateful look, but took a step forward, as her skin came into contact with his.

A shiver went through her body, as her body pressed against his. She had seen the whole act earlier with her sister, so she decided to just follow that knowledge.

Putting her arms over his shoulders, she brought her face closer to his, pressing her lips against his with an angry urgency.

Vritra’s arms wrapped around her body, her skin was smooth and warm. The two engaged in a passionate kiss, as Fiona bit on his tongue as if to show her anger.

While kissing, they slowly moved towards the bed, then Fiona pushed him as Vritra sat back.

She climbed onto his lap, feeling his cock press directly against her wet entrance.

"You two sisters are truly alike, look how wet you got." Vritra said, feeling the hotness.

"Hmph you are just imagining things." Fiona said, sealing his mouth with hers again, her hands roaming over his body.

Her tongue rolled inside his mouth, entangling with his, her nail digging into his back.

The kiss continued for a few minutes, as Fiona reciprocated with fury, as if this was some sort of competition.

As their lips separated, Vritra turned over, putting her down on the bed, pressing her body under him.

Kissing her neck, he bit her skin, but Fiona held back any sound, looking back at him with resistance in her eyes.

Holding her big soft breasts, Vritra latched onto her pink nipple, sucking it hard.

She had to bite her lip to stop any moan, not wanting to give him any satisfaction, as Vritra continued to bit and nibble over her nipples.

He pulled one of her leg away, caressing her wet petals with his fingers, feeling the shivers directly.

After some time he moved to the other nipple, sucking on it until the bud had turned red. Then with a popping sound, the nipple finally came out of his mouth.

"You are wet enough, ready to experience heaven?" Vritra asked, as he pointed the tip at her pussy.

"A- As if I would feel anything- hnngggg~"

With a sudden push, Vritra inserted the entire length into her vagina, stretching her fleshy walls all of a sudden.

Her body arched forward, and tongue coming out of her mouth as she almost came just by having it inside her.

"Ahhhhh~ D- Darling Mmmm~ I- I love it Uuuuumph~" Fiona couldn’t keep up the act as the feeling of his enormous thing hammering deep within her made her mad with pleasure.

Since the master mind of the act had stopped, so did Vritra and Diana.

The goddess got up and got behind Vritra, hugging him tightly and kissing him, enjoying the closeness.

And Vritra began to thrust even harder, loving the feeling of getting squeezed between the two beauties.

"Hehe That was so much fun, I never thought I would enjoy role playing so much. Mmm~" Diana muttered, kissing his shoulder and neck, and even biting his earlobe.

"Hnnggggg~ aaaaaaah~ Yes darling h- harder Mmmmm~" Fiona forgot about everything else and could only focus on the big dick messing up her insides.

"Shh Little sister, don’t be too loud or people outside will hear you." Diana said, the act was both funny and exciting.

Mainly because of that taboo and wrong feeling.

Although the play was over, but the night was still young and this was but the beginning.

With such powerful thrusts, it wasn’t long before Fiona orgasmed and soon after had her belly filled with his burning semen.

Then it was once again the elder sister’s turn, as Diana began to ride his cock, she sat on top of Vritra as her body bounced up and down.

One by one, Vritra filled their bellies several times through the night and the three only decided to rest near three in the night.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...