Chapter 453: The Treasure

"You don’t have to worry about that." Vritra said, ready to try out the radiations in various ways.

"NOOO STOP! It was a mistake, I just had to follow the empress’s orders and G- Griffith forced me to give him—umph." He nervously began to beg, his knees falling over empty air as he knelt.

But he suddenly paused upon sensing that he had said far too much.

"Ah, so it really was you. Good, that will just make your punishment a bit more painful and longer." Vritra said, appearing like a real devil.

His hands waved lightly through the air, as intense radiations instantly swallowed Green Claw’s body, not even giving him time to stand or flee.

Then Vritra began to test the radioactive radiations in various ways, testing the highest and lowest power.

Using it in various ways, Vritra was even able to produce dangerous diseases in his body very quickly.

He found how to do it without even a little pain or anyone noticing, or how to make it most painful.

The experiments continued for over an hour, and finally, Vritra had tested all the things he could think of.

By the end of his experiments, Green Claw was nothing more than a mass of twisting flesh hovering in the sky.

He was completely destroyed already.

"Bobby, eat him up." Vritra ordered, as a shadow flew from under his feet.

Just as Green Claw died, several messages popped in front of Vritra, and then his soul got eaten by Bobby.

Now both Psyche and Bobby had strength above the General rank, and soon he planned to kill Raelion too.

"Haa, finally time to rest." Vritra turned and flew towards the hotel.

...

Upon arriving, he only found Maeve there and learned that Yennefer had gone out to meet the oracle and get some information.

"Welcome back, master. Let’s bathe together, and then we can eat."

Maeve said as Vritra entered the house. She was happy to have him all to herself again.

Vritra nodded, heading towards the bathroom where Maeve removed her clothes and then helped Vritra.

After a quick shower and some practice of the lessons the demoness had received before, they settled in the bathtub.

Maeve sat on top of Vritra, her back pressed against his chest, his penis resting safely between the tight confines of her vagina.

"Master, can you tell me more about your world and our family members that I am yet to meet?" Maeve spoke, leaning back with her eyes closed, hugging his arms, which were kneading her soft boobs.

"Well, in most things, my world wasn’t too much different from this one, except the powers here and killing wasn’t as open unless you had enough money or status."

Vritra began to speak, telling her about Earth, then more about Fiona, Diana, and his mother.

"Fiona has the bloodline of the Phoenix Queen?" Maeve questioned, opening her eyes in surprise.

"Yes, did I not mention that before?" Vritra said, wondering why she was so surprised, then remembered that her mother was killed by one of the emperors of the phoenix race.

"Is it because of y—" Vritra was just questioning when Maeve turned her head and spoke,

"Master, actually, some time ago I broke into the Phoenix Kingdom and stole one of their most precious treasures, which is why none of the emperors have been able to take proper control of the entire race yet." Maeve said.

It was because of her grudge that she had even increased the feud between the two sides.

"Oh, what sort of treasure?" Vritra questioned curiously.

"Well, it is the body of the previous Phoenix Empress. Using this, one of the two emperors could obtain her strength and abilities.

But I stole it when the two were busy fighting, though it wasn’t really of any use to me."

Maeve explained as she turned her body without letting his member slip out of her and now sat facing him.

"Oh... so you mean to say..." Vritra waited for her.

"Yes, master, I can give it to Fiona. It will definitely be of great help to her, quickening her growth by several times."

Maeve said, looking excited and happy to help her family.

Even though they were yet to meet, the demoness already considered the other women close, like a family she always wanted.

"Thank you, Foxie." Vritra muttered, pressing his lips against hers and hugging her body tightly.

Their practice continued a bit longer before returning to the bedroom. After dressing up, they waited for Yennefer.

And it wasn’t long before Yennefer finally returned.

"Did you find anything?" Maeve questioned, fully aware of the danger her master was in.

"Sigh, not really. That damned oracle is too mysterious, he won’t reveal too much and always uses others like chess pieces. At least those stupid pairs will be out of this mission for a while." Yennefer said.

She made sure to give them a good beating so they wouldn’t linger around in the Cloud City.

"Let’s eat." Vritra said. The fox had already prepared food for them.

They chatted while eating and even went out for a walk later on, before returning to their room.

And finally, they fell onto the bed after a long, busy day, falling asleep soon after.

Both women hugged Vritra from each side.

***

[D-Day 9]

The game continued smoothly without any problems. The sin messages kept pouring in front of Vritra, especially since he became a part of the game.

{Sin Point Gained: Cheered on +345,928}

{Sin Point Gained: Called +345,003}

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +345,344}

...

The entire crowd supported him wholeheartedly. During one of the breaks, Vritra talked with General Sirius and found that the general had already informed the emperor.

And he would soon get a luck-related treasure.

Since Vritra wasn’t in a hurry, he didn’t mind and held back from emptying the treasuries of the emperor.

Many of the subjects died, and the leader of the bandits was finally killed by one of the new glyphs that Vritra had introduced in the game.

Unlike the previous ones, which were meant to give extreme pain, these new glyphs released powerful radiations that instantly killed or injured anyone they hit.

As another fruitful day ended, Vritra informed Maeve and Yennefer that he was going to visit Fiona and Diana.

He couldn’t bring the two ladies into the City of Charms, so they had to wait here in the Cloud City.

Maeve had already given him the Phoenix treasure.

Vritra continued to experiment by mixing his Radiation Field with various abilities and fields, even somehow trying to mix his Dust ability with it.

Though it would need more time and practice, it would be really fruitful later on.

He soon arrived in the City of Charms. After entering the abandoned Ghazi City, the place had really started to feel gloomy.

But the City of Charms was as cheerful as ever, completely separated from the outside world.

The sky inside the city had started to darken too.

"Wifey, if Fiona uses this treasure, the Phoenix race or anyone else wouldn’t be able to track her or put on some sort of seal, right?

I’ve seen in my comics how old people use such methods to find new bodies after their death." Vritra asked.

But before Yasmine could reply, the mountains not too far away suddenly began to shake.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...