Chapter 172: Training Time [R-18]

The pair of mother son got into hard training instantly, they threw each other’s clothes away as their naked bodies pressed together. Vritra kissed her hard then his lips slid off to her neck, as he licked her fair smooth skin.

Biting her neck, he pulled her creamy skin into his mouth and sucked hard, making Vanessa moan her hands rubbing his back. From her neck, his tongue and lips moved to her cleavage, as showered her white skin with kisses and bites, he pulled the soft flesh of her boob into his mouth while kneading them hard.

"Haa Haa Honey, it feels Mmmm~ so good huff ahhh~" Vanessa moaned while caressing his head with love and care.

Finally Vritra latched onto her soft pink nipples as his arms circled around her body, burying his face into the extremely soft boob, Vritra rubbed his tongue against the nipple and began to suck on it.

Vanessa felt her body go soft, a warmth spread across her breasts and she could feel something rushing to the tips, an electrifying generated across her breasts and spread throughout her body.

Vritra soon felt the sweet and warm drops of Vanessa’s milk falling over his tongue, it was such a wonderful taste that his tastebuds exploded with sweetness and he craved more of it. She hugged his head as he began to suck harder and harder, biting her nipple as it got harder inside his mouth and soon began to release jets of warm milk.

Pulling both the boobs together, he began to suck at both the nipples at the same time and soon his mouth was flooded with that sweetness, her hot milk swirling around his tongue before he gulped it down with relish.

Vritra continued to suckle on her nipples until the amount of the hot milk had been reduced to almost nothing, biting her nipples lightly he pulled his face away and licked them both, the nipples looked a little swollen and very sensitive still it was better than the first time.

Then he moved further down and licked over the smooth skin of her belly, biting her milky belly and teasing all over with his tongue, even her belly button before moving onto her thighs.

Her thick thighs felt incredibly soft to hold, he opened his mouth wide and took a bite of her fleshy belly, letting his teeth sink into her buttery skin, licking over with his tongue.

After kissing both thighs for a while, he finally arrived at beautiful vagina that was already wet, her glistening petals looked incredibly luscious.

"Hnnnnn~ Ooooooh~ haa haa Aaaaah~"

Vritra wasted no time as he kissed her pussy, directly pushing his tongue into her vagina as her tight folds gripped his tongue incredibly hard. More and more of her love juices flowed into his mouth.

Vanessa continued to moan as he ate her out, but not a single sound left the room as the two made love. Vritra’s cock was already fully erect and hard as a rock, he paused his savory meal in the middle and sat up, aiming the tip at her entrance with one hand he leaned forward and began to kiss her shoulder.

Then with a sudden movement Vritra pushed his member deep into her body, reaching into her womb right from the very beginning as Vanessa released a loud moan and her body arched back, an erotic expression appearing on her face.

The training of the two continued, it wasn’t long before Vanessa ended up orgasming. Vritra continued with his hard thrusts, and after a while he poured his hot semen deep in her body, filling up her belly.

Then they changed positions, Vritra stood up and pulled Vanessa into his arms as she wrapped her legs around his waist, the two shared another passionate kiss. Pressing her back against the wall, Vritra once again entered her body and began to thrust, loving the tight warm feeling of her wet pussy wrapping around his penis.

The two went at it for hours, after several rounds Vanessa and Vritra lay on the bed, facing one another and embracing tightly. She rested her head over his arm and their naked bodies pressed together and his penis still stuffed in her vagina, Vanessa didn’t want to feel empty inside all of a sudden after their long love making session and Vritra just loved having his dick inside her.

Without even any movements her pussy kept squeezing it hard.

"Honey, I know haa that you have many secrets and you mmm~ have your reason for not telling me yet, but believe I will haa haa always support you and I will never leave you no matter what happen." Vanessa spoke in between her mild moans, burying her face into his neck.

Just the slight movements of his cock sent shivers through her body, she couldn’t help but slightly move her waist, using the tip of the cock to rub against the one itchy place deep in her body.

"I know mom, I trust you. Very soon, I will tell you everything that had happened in this new world. But for now it is better to not know too much, knowledge of a few things could bring disaster to you." Vritra said then he pulled out a few veils from his inventory and handed them to his mother.

"You should use them when going out and also avoid using your name anywhere, and well my name for now is Jin Woo so don’t call me Vritra outside or we will be in trouble." He added.

Vanessa took the veils and put them in her own inventory; she also had an inventory just like her son.

"Okay, I will do that." She answered in a low tone, they remained embraced each other for a while longer. Then they took a bath together and dressed in a new set of clothes.

"Honey, how about you take Fiona outside and spend some times with her, I believe she wanted to stay with you and your relation is still new." Vanessa spoke as she kissed his cheek.

"Hmm, but are you really okay with that? I mean, me having relationship with other women?" Vritra asked.

"Yeah, this is not earth and I am happy just to be with you. And which mother wouldn’t want beautiful and cute daughter in laws, of course make sure they are also fine with you being with me otherwise you can’t be with them." Vanessa said in a possessive tone, no matter what she didn’t want to separate from him.

"Alright mom, I will be going out for a while then. Stay safe and I will be back instantly if there is any danger." Vritra said as he cupped his mother’s tender cheeks and pasted a soft kiss over her lips.

Finally he walked out of the room, Vanessa decided to talk with Diana while Vritra is away, she needed to change her mindset slowly with her skills so she could better serve her son in the future.

Vritra knocked on Fiona’s door, as if waiting to hear that sound Fiona opened the door and flashed a beautiful smile.

"Let’s go out." Vritra said and stretched his hand towards her, Fiona took his hand instantly and walked out of the room, closing the door behind her.

"I was waiting for you, my lovely bad boy."

{Sin Point Gained: Infatuated +1}

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...