Chapter 510 Love and Obsession

BOOOOOOM

The entire palace started shaking but no one really paid it any mind since it happened quite often now.

Cracks spread over the floor, and soon a big room made of some strong metal appeared.

Instead of searching for its entrance, Vritra had decided to just force his way inside.

"Let's go." Vritra jumped onto the metallic room, then used his dimensional book as his body directly passed through it.

Dago hadn't really put too much effort into protecting it, maybe he just wanted it to be forgotten.

Landing inside, Vritra found himself in a large room which was filled with a lot of stuff.

All of this belonged to Yasmine and her parents, though Dago must have already taken any treasure he found.

Vritra put the storage glyphs he had found on a table, then called out.

"Wifey, check if the thing you are searching for is here or not."

Yasmine appeared outside, looking at all those things she felt emotional, memories of her childhood resurfacing.

"Sigh yes hubby, it is indeed here." She moved towards an ordinary looking vase, picking it up, she muttered faintly.

"Can you wait outside for me?"

"Okay, be careful." Vritra took one long look at her before flying out, he sealed the room with a barrier.

Then walking into Dago's chamber he looked around and seeing his images pierced by the spears, he chuckled.

"He surely hated me."

Hoping that nothing goes wrong in the process, he stood there attentively, ready to barge into the room if anything seemed off.

Yasmine had already explained to him about the way she would get her body back, it was with the help of a treasure her parents had left behind.

"Her father was killed by demons, while her mother disappeared out of nowhere and was never found again. Demons and even the demon god went out of their way to kill her."

Vritra pondered and all of this seemed like such a bad omen.

He was the successor of Divine and possessed so many abilities and even two mythic halos, only then was he qualified to be attacked by that god's punishment attack.

But what about Yasmine, what was the reason that so many tragedies befell the dragon kingdom some time after her birth?

'There is certainly something special about wifey, otherwise why would even god want to erase her existence.' It seemed now that she would be back, he would have to protect her as much as possible.

And the best way to do that was by helping her grow stronger.

She was already quite strong for this planet but there also exist existences like the Divine Kage and whatnot, with her current abilities she might not be able to handle all that.

Vritra continued to ponder as he waited, he was thinking of ways to let all his women surpass the lord rank.

"Even in the lord rank, I believe there are stages. But since I skipped it all, I didn't get any time to experience it myself."

Maybe he could just ask Divine the next time, though that bastard wouldn't answer anything probably.

Hours passed in silence, and finally as Vritra was growing nervous, Yasmine's voice sounded.

"Hubby, come here!"

Vritra felt afraid, she sounded so urgent, he directly teleported into the room, wondering if something really went wrong.

But then he saw the extremely beautiful and hot dragoness standing before him in a purple dress, matching his own.

She had her eyes closed, her long red hair flowed down to her waist, her pale creamy skin looked really tasty.

Vritra had seen her in those memories though they were blurry, and seen her in the soul form, yet seeing the real her made him stare at her face mindlessly for a few moments.

"Wifey, you… look so gorgeous." But then shaking his head he asked: "Is everything okay? Why did you sound so urgent?"

A beautiful smile blossomed on her face, enchanting Vritra again.

All his other women were also extremely beautiful but it was hard to believe that this femme fatale, searing hot woman was his wife, the first wife.

It was such a pity that she wasn't able to get her body back earlier.

Vritra wanted to take her into his arms and… and bite those luscious juicy lips.

She just looked too delicious.

"Yes, I am perfectly fine. Better than I have ever been. Haa I just wanted to see you the first moment I open my eyes in this almost new life." Yasmine felt excited.

Finally, finally, she can meet her husband in reality, feel him, it made her really happy.

"Oh uhm okay." Vritra took a step forward, standing right before her.

This moment felt so special, he could barely hold himself back from squeezing her soft body in his arms.

What a great feeling that she belonged to him and him only.

Yasmine raised her hands slowly, Vritra did the same as their fingers touched.

Their fingers slowly entwined as they held each other's hands.

Now, there was warmth in her hands and they felt very soft.

Then she continued to move her hands, slowly bringing them near his face and then pressing her palms against his cheeks.

Yasmine took in a deep breath as her chest heaved and then she opened her eyes slowly.

For a moment, the world seemed blurry, but then as her gaze became focused she got to see her world.

She had been with Vritra all this time and of course saw his appearance but this was so different and special.

'He is all mine, mine…' the dragoness too couldn't tear her eyes away from him as they looked into one another's eyes, the sweet and lovely moment stretching.

Vritra held her hands and then brought them down, letting her wrap her arms around his waist.

Then he cupped her cheeks between his palms, feeling the tender and smooth feeling of her cheeks.

Leaning forward, Vritra pressed his lips softly against her warm lips, as a pleasurable current seemed to course through their bodies.

Their lips remained pressed tightly, each savouring the feeling of their first kiss together.

Then they pulled back, Yasmine's soft lips sticking to his for a moment longer before bouncing back.

"I love you, wifey." Vritra whispered softly before adding: "Welcome into my life."

"Mhmm I love you too hubby, haa I love you so so so much!! I have waited so much." Yasmine felt the lingering feel of his lips on her, she absolutely loved her first kiss.

Although she had gathered a lot of experience in all this time, but first times are always special, accelerating her heartbeat to the extreme.

"Hubby, give me more kisses, I want a lot of kisses, only I was left out all this time." Yasmine looked at Vritra's face with an extreme obsessive, almost crazy expression.

Although she never stopped Vritra from having more wives or even from getting intimate with them but still she felt quite jealous.

But now she was going to make up for it all.

Vritra chuckled hearing her, she almost sounded like a kid who had been starved of her favourite candy for a long time and now she can finally have it.

"Wifey, we have a lot of time now, so I will do whatever I want with you.

Are you ready to submit your body, soul and heart to me?"

❖❖❖