Chapter 226: Luck Blast

"STAY AWAY FROM HER. FROM NOW ON, YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO EVER MEET HER," Henry ordered in a higher tone.

"But why, Father? I’m sure you already know I love her. Don’t tell me... you’ve taken a liking to her as well—" The crown prince raised his voice in front of his father for the first time. Henry was truly speechless for a few seconds.

"Whatever may be the case, it will be better for you if you stay away from her. Don’t go near her if you want to stay alive," Henry said while massaging his temples. Vritra was too dangerous, and getting involved with him might bring unknown dangers to his family.

Henry only wanted to protect them.

’I-Is Father threatening me? He will kill me for a woman?!’ Though the crown prince took those words the wrong way, he was shocked by Henry’s tone.

’I have always listened to him and did everything in my power to become the son he could be proud of. I even married that fat old woman because he told me to, and this is all I amount to in his eyes?’

The crown prince had a dead look in his eyes. He knew talking further was meaningless; his father was probably going to get Sonia soon.

"Sigh, go back to your room and rest a little. Or maybe meet your youngest brother—he hasn’t come out of his room even once. And just forget about that woman. That is the best for everyone," Henry said as he watched his son leave the chamber in silence.

’How did it all come to this? Why has it come to this? Right after Jin Woo came here, all of this has started. But why would he hate me?’ Henry believed that it was all related to Vritra, but he couldn’t understand the motive.

’I’m sure I haven’t made him my enemy or anything, but then why...?’ he was left wondering, as he sat in the darkness.

***

Vritra had emptied almost the entire weapons treasury after around thirty or so minutes. It was almost like he could sense the joy of his weapons as they devoured so many high-level weapons.

Looking at the lowest level weapons that weren’t even legion ranked, Vritra just stored them in his inventory; in case the axes got slightly wrecked, then he could use them to heal a bit.

Vritra looked around the room and saw that he had taken everything, but just to be extra careful, he used the third eye.

[Nether Eye Activated.]

Vritra started scanning the entire treasury. He scanned the potion and gold ones again and didn’t find anything out of the ordinary. The guards still hadn’t noticed anything. Then he scanned the weapons treasury, and he actually found something hidden in the wall.

"There is something hidden behind that wall!!" Vritra exclaimed, and Yasmine scanned it too and sensed the secret treasures the king had hidden.

"Yeah, I can sense that there are multiple items hidden in that secret space. Let’s take it!!" Yasmine said, already scanning it.

"Hmm... Henry has set up various layers of barriers and even used many glyphs to protect them. Looks like the real treasure is hiding there," she added.

"Can you break the security?" Vritra asked. If Yasmine couldn’t do it, then he would simply use brute force and take it all.

"Yes, I can. Give me a minute," Yasmine said and flew out in her small form, looking like a cute white snake.

She hadn’t completely absorbed all that soul energy just yet, but her strength seemed to have already grown quite a bit.

She observed the traps for a bit longer and then began to work on the glyphs first. Her knowledge of these items wasn’t too deep, but it was more than enough to deactivate these low-level ones.

Vritra couldn’t understand how she was doing it, but one by one Yasmine began to remove the glyph traps.

Finally, all the glyphs had been rendered useless, and she just needed to remove the barriers—which was an even easier thing to do.

After just a few seconds, she had removed all the barriers, and finally, a black safe appeared in front of them with physical locks.

"Heh, this was a piece of cake," Yasmine chuckled as she used her energy, and soon, with a click, the lock opened. The most secure safe of the king had been breached.

"Shall we take a look at this?" she asked excitedly, wondering what sort of treasure Henry would hide with so much effort.

"...No, wait a second," Vritra said before opening his status window.

{Sin Points: 13,570,290}

"Oh, nice!!" Vritra said before looking at the luck stat that was stuck at 60.

"Now, how much should I invest in luck? Should I go all out?" Vritra wondered and decided to push all the points into luck. He could easily earn more in the future anyway, and his luck had truly been a bit bad lately.

[1 LUCK POINT: 30,000]

Without wasting a moment, Vritra instantly purchased luck points with all the Sin Points, and in the end, this was all he was left with:

{Sin Points: 10,290}

But in return, he got a lot of luck points. Taking a deep breath to calm himself, Vritra looked at his status window again.

『

Stats:

Strength: 31,818 (+1,000)

Agility: 37,960 (+1,000)

Endurance: 29,937 (+1,000)

Intelligence: 32,481 (+1,000)

Mana: 30,400 (+1,000)

Luck: 512

[Allocation Points: 0]

』

"Damn!!" Vritra exclaimed. He didn’t know how great this luck was compared to others, but it was definitely a huge leap. Vritra could already feel a lucky air rising around him, as if the air had suddenly become flowery.

"Oh, now that looks great. But I wonder if this much luck would be enough to keep the trouble away from us, hehe..." Yasmine laughed, feeling even more excited now.

"Hoo, let’s see what is hidden inside now," Vritra smiled and finally decided to check the locker. It would show how great his luck had become.

Krrrrr...

With a low sound, the door of the lock opened, and several things instantly came into view.

Vritra began to inspect them one by one. First, he pulled out a small pouch that seemed to be full of some sort of stones.

"..." After pulling it out, he opened it and saw around a dozen familiar stones.

Empty Stones.

It was the 1st Legion Rank Empty Stone. It was the same thing for which Vritra had participated in that competition, and there were so many of them here.

"The king must have gathered them here for his kids, maybe... Anyway, I was wondering where to get Legion Stones for Mom, Diana, and Fiona—and now the problem is completely solved." Vritra’s smile widened as he stuffed the pouch into his inventory, already happy with the use of those Sin Points on his luck.

Then he picked another pouch, which seemed much lighter and smaller than the previous one.

Bringing it closer, Vritra opened it and glanced inside. This time it was Yasmine who spoke in an excited tone:

"2nd Legion Rank Empty Stone!! Haha! Your luck has truly started to shine now."

It was probably the stone that the king was saving for himself—but now, he was never going to use it.

Then Vritra saw a strange grey glyph.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...