Chapter 525 Unforeseen Event

Just as the divine's voice faded, the sky started to turn dark, the changes were too sudden, taking all the people present by surprise.

Vritra took a look up and he could faintly sense that a vast number of portals were about to open in the sky, though it was quite far away.

'Are we under attack? Who would be attacking, most of the human powers are already here? Is it the dark organizations?' he wondered, and just stood there calmly.

While Sir Giant's expressions changed suddenly, he seemed almost panicked.

Patting Vritra's shoulder, he spoke: "W- Why don't you return to your father's side, I have something important to take care of."

Then he flew away, Shen and a few others from the Ford family followed along.

Vritra didn't move and just continued to observe, beside him, Yasmine who was floating, lying back while facing the sky.

Her head was resting over his shoulder.

"Hubby, are there people already here to crash your wedding?" she asked.

Vritra rolled his eyes, she really seemed to be enjoying the whole marriage drama.

'This Divine is really testing my patience…' Vritra gritted his teeth, but he too couldn't do anything, he didn't know any other way to find Yennefer after all.

He just couldn't understand what exactly Divine wanted from him, but they both needed each other's help.

After a minute, he returned to his seat, the whole place was filled with nervous murmurs.

No one really knew who it was in the sky.

Many guests left in a hurry, the three families wanted to watch a good drama unfold so they stayed.

Many younger and middle aged women would come up to Vritra, hoping to get a chance at him.

After more than thirty minutes had passed, the sky finally started returning to normal.

And soon, Shen and the others landed on the ground, looking a little exhausted.

All sorts of speculation were flowing in the large space, as they momentarily forgot about Vritra's ill fate.

But the members of Ford family didn't tell anything nor did they answer any questions.

After discussing something amongst themselves, Shen once again climbed onto the high platform and announced:

"Because of some unforeseen events, there have been some changes in the plans."

Vritra was already feeling tired of hearing those words, but he listened carefully, who knows when he might get the clue about Yenni.

'Thankfully things are not going to proceed as planned before it seems, so the marriage is being cancelled or delayed?' he hoped.

"The marriage between Art Yates and Teresa Ford will not be happening after a week." Shen said, as many women heaved sighs of relief.

Vritra too would get some extra time this way, and before marriage he just might find Yennefer.

"Sigh What a pity hubby, it isn't everyday that one gets to see their husband getting married to someone else." The poor dragoness sighed pitifully.

Shen continued in the same calm tone:

"Instead the marriage will be held tomorrow, the today's event is over. The guests will be respectfully escorted outside, we have to start the preparations now."

After this new info, everyone fell silent, staring at the monarch in bewilderment.

One week was already too short to prepare for the wedding and now only a day?

"T- That's insane, we can't agree to that." Gunter couldn't take it anymore, following such demands how would it make them look like?

That they couldn't wait to throw their son into misfortune for personal gains.

 If it wasn't for that pact then Gunter and Ava wouldn't have even let their son marry some woman who is so much older than him and has such a bad reputation.

"This is not negotiable, if the marriage doesn't happen tomorrow then things might become problematic." Sir Giant intervened.

As the shocked guests were escorted outside, the Ford monarch looked at the three remaining families who wouldn't leave and were waiting for some drama.

"Grant, Trant and Star, why don't you all leave this place peacefully or would you rather challenge our two families?"

Shen said, such things couldn't be discussed in front of outsiders, especially if they are enemies.

"Haa And things were just starting to get good. Won't you even tell us what happened up there?" Monarch Grant asked, getting to his feet.

"Look straight to your left, there, you will find a magical thing. If you step to the other side, you will automatically be outside of our home, so why don't you go play door door with your family?" Shen added, impatiently.

After exchanging unpleasant goodbyes, the three families finally left.

Soon Vritra, Gunter and Ava were inside a room, where Rich, Shen and Sir Giant were also present.

"Tell me, why did you suddenly change the time? It almost feels like…" Gunter paused, not wanting to disrespect the other family or his possible future daughter in law.

"Yeah it does feel like we are throwing Teresa off to you, and Art is already not happy with the marriage. But believe me that isn't the case, I care for my sister more than for my own kids." Shen spoke solemnly.

"But you see, that sudden change earlier, it was a warning of sort.

There are people who don't want this marriage to happen for certain reasons so we have to finish before they arrive here or things might get problematic for both of us." Shen concluded.

"And you can't even explain any of it haa this… I was already feeling guilty by sending my son into this marriage, it makes me feel selfish and a bad father." Gunter frowned.

"It is fine." Vritra interrupted and then he added: "But I won't marry a woman I haven't even seen before."

Divine said he would get a clue the moment he met this woman, so he needed to do just that, marriage wasn't really necessary for it.

"That… Grandpa?" Shen looked at Sir Giant, the other family hadn't put any sort of demand and this was the most basic thing.

Sir Giant pondered for a moment then he asked Rich to go check something.

The young handsome man returned after nearly fifteen minutes, panting lightly.

He replied to Sir Giant, while the old guy's expression remained same.

"… Sorry but meeting her right now might endanger her life, though she will be ready by your marriage tomorrow. You will see her then anyway, and believe me, my little doll is nothing like what rumours say." Sir Giant said seriously.

"Art, what do you think?" Gunter asked, although the family's wellbeing depended on this marriage but he didn't want to force the responsibility on his son.

Especially when Art had been away for so many years, suffering through who knows what, and not receiving anything from the family at all.

"Fine." After a pause, Vritra answered.

"Oh, congratulations hubby." Yasmine whispered near his ear, chuckling and intrigued to see how it all unfolds.

He already had six women, and the dragoness could allow at most two more in his life.

After discussing the arrangements further, the Yates finally left the Ford realm.

The marriage would be held in the night of next day.

"Sigh Why does she have to go through all this? I wonder, if she would have been happier had she been born as a normal human…" Sir Giant muttered, left alone in the room with Shen and Rich.

"I have a feeling that things might change for her soon." Rich said, a rare serious expression appearing on his face.

❖❖❖