Chapter 366: A Vermin

Vanessa joined the line at the gate of the Quartz continent. It took some time, but she was able to pass.

Already being at the 3rd Legion rank, there were few who could do anything against her Hypnosis among the guards.

After passing through the gate, she followed the feeling in her heart, her gaze searching for the same person.

’That person is definitely close, they must have sensed me too,’ Vanessa thought, moving into the new continent.

She was amazed at how well every building was built and how different the daily life of people inside the walls was.

But she paid little attention to the sightseeing and soon saw the same black-robed person. It seemed they were also looking for her.

Again their gazes met, but instantly the robed person began to run away. Vanessa wasted no time as she moved at full speed, carefully moving through the crowd.

The other person was strong but nowhere near as powerful as her, so it wasn’t long before Vanessa caught up and dragged the robed person to a rather secluded street.

"L- Let go of me," the captive struggled, her voice sounding feminine.

Vanessa ignored her words and, after making sure no one was around, she pushed the hood back as the delicate face of a fifteen or sixteen-year-old girl was revealed.

But what was surprising were the two horns on her head and a tail on her back.

"You are a succubus?" Vanessa asked in surprise, gazing at the beautiful girl, looking so innocent.

"I- I am n- not, let go..." the girl panicked. She regretted sneaking out; the horrifying tales she had heard from her parents rang out in her head.

Her eyes were instantly filled with tears as she began to cry.

Vanessa was surprised; this girl was definitely at the peak of 1st Legion rank and here she was crying like a kid, though she was indeed a kid.

"Don’t cry, I am not going to hurt you," Vanessa said, and then she revealed her true appearance—long green hair and two small horns on her head.

"Sob Y- You are a sob succubus too?" the girl asked mid-sobs, finally relaxing.

"Yeah, so tell me why you were roaming all alone? And do you live openly in this city?" Vanessa questioned; her honey-like voice made the girl feel a lot better.

The first and biggest city of the Quartz continent was called Ghazi.

"N- No, I um..." the girl still seemed hesitant to speak. After all, she knew if others got to know of her house, everyone would be in danger.

"It is fine. Tell me where you live? Tell me about yourself," Vanessa asked, her eyes glowing with a faint pinkish light and a soothing aura automatically appearing around her body.

"Hello, I am Gia. I live in the secret Succubus kingdom located here on the continent," Gia replied, calming down completely and feeling as if she was just meeting a family member.

"Oh!" Vanessa was surprised by the news, but this was also a chance; she was certain that something in that place was calling out to her.

She fell silent for a few moments, contacting Vritra through Hellmancer. After telling him about this, they made a decision.

"Gia, can you lead me to this place?" Vanessa asked. She possessed the bloodline and physique of the Succubus Queen, which is extremely rare.

The previously known Queen of the succubus had died a long time ago, and since then, the succubus race had gone into hiding.

"Okay." Gia nodded, feeling no sense of danger from Vanessa as the two began to move through the busy streets of Ghazi city.

***

"So what is the plan?" Onest asked, still feeling hurt from the previous betrayal. He knew Vritra won’t just accept any sort of punishment.

"No matter what, we won’t kneel or beg for mercy, we will oppose the prince!" Vritra said, right before they were about to enter the hall.

Onest nodded but thought: ’Hmph, do they think I am a fool? Of course, I will do anything for survival. They are trying to fool me like last time.’

And finally, they entered.

The prince had long blonde hair and a buffed physique, lying back on the throne.

He seemed like the perfect definition of narcissism, arrogance, and corruption.

In the large hall, nearly three hundred people were present: some ministers, advisors, guards, servants, and many others.

They stopped in the middle of the large hall. Vritra scanned the entire hall; Yennefer really wasn’t there.

’Looks like I will have to call her out.’

"You are now in the presence of Prince Griffith!" one of the men announced after speaking of their crimes.

’Griffith!!’ Vritra repeated the name, unpleasant memories resurfacing in his mind, and he already hated this guy.

"Do you admit to your crimes?" Griffith asked.

Onest was the first to act, as he fell to his knees and said in a loud tone: "Please forgive me, I- I..."

He looked to the side and saw the two looking at him with disgust; Vritra and Shitless spat before saying: "What a spineless bug."

"Are you the emperor?" Vritra ignored Onest and turned his face towards the emperor. While speaking, he released his aura and broke the cuffs as if to put pressure.

But in reality, it was just to grab someone’s attention.

Griffith frowned; he stopped the female servant who was there just to feed him fruit. No one dares to speak like that in his presence.

"No, I am not, but—" Griffith was just replying arrogantly, but Vritra interrupted.

"Then crawl away, eunuch. I don’t talk to half-men, lapdogs, or vermin. Call the emperor if you wish to communicate with me.

Tch, what a stench of cheap filth. Sigh, only if the emperor didn’t have the habit of visiting brothels so often." Vritra said, shaking his head, and after that, there was utter silence in the hall.

Everyone was aware that there were a few things that Griffith absolutely hated: being called the son of a whore, eunuch, and dog of his brother. And Vritra just seemed to have hit all his painful marks.

Born out of a sex worker, he was castrated at birth so that the royal bloodline wouldn’t be mixed with his filthy blood in the future.

Because of his mother, he wasn’t even given a chance at becoming the emperor.

Though he was able to get back his member through other means, he could never erase the insults.

"Y- You..." Griffith was just speechless. Despite all that, no one actually dared to speak a single word in front of him.

Monk Shitless nodded before speaking in a loud tone: "You Pest, how dare you be so arrogant in front of my Lord.

Courting death, kowtow ten thousand times, cripple your cultivation, then crawl from between my legs, and call me your father. Only then can we leave you alive."

Onest was horrified, shrinking behind the two. He understood that traveling along with them was a mistake.

He was definitely going to die now.

BOOM!

Griffith suddenly stood up, his eyes red and face twisted in utter rage. He had never been this angry in his entire life.

"You bastards, I am going to tear you apart—"

But just then the door of the hall was opened with incredible force.

BANG

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...