Chapter 680 Cut and Eat the rod

Evelyn's lips were covered by a red shade as she drank his blood, gulping it down thirstily.

It was as if she wanted to suck his soul out, for a moment she just lost herself in the sensation.

But remembering that Vritra was too weak right now, she controlled her thirst for him.

Having met her man, the one she had been waiting for countless years, she could barely hold back her urges.

Vritra felt dizzy, he blinked, his gaze unfocused.

Sadly, she needed to stop for now, despite her maniacal love, she would be heartbroken if she ended up hurting him accidentally.

A trickle of blood flowed down Vritra's neck, as she pulled back her fangs.

SLURP

She licked it tenderly, her tongue roaming over the mark she had left and pulled back after licking the blood.

"My darling, I will be coming back for you, get a lot stronger, so strong that you can steal me away…" she whispered as Vritra's vision darkened.

And then, darkness enveloped everything.

…

Everything was so peaceful, no sound, no sensations, it was all still.

Vritra inhaled deeply, but suddenly frowned, the air was a bit damp and suffocating.

Suddenly remembering that crazy woman, his eyes shot open as he sat up, ready to defend.

But there was no one, all of it now seemed like a dream.

"Was that all a dream? What a strange thing to dream about, anyway where am I?" Vritra looked at the dimly lit surroundings, as he felt a slight ache at his neck.

"Wait-" pulling out his spear, he glanced at his neck and it was there!!

The bite mark she had left!!

So that psycho woman was real, all of that had really happened?

Vritra felt his head spin, he thought his luck had finally gotten better.

But looks like he pulled yet another problem, a massive problem.

"A crazy vampire, why is she after me though? Evelyn, I don't remember ever hearing that name and it didn't seem like she was a player or from this planet." Vritra frowned.

"Divine, you know something don't you? Come clean, or I will make you sit over a throne of spikes!" Vritra cursed as he stood up.

"Oh that sounds… painful, haha sorry but I can't tell you anything about her or she will get mad. She is too powerful."

Divine apologized, this time he really could do nothing.

Though Vritra took out his anger on his brother-in-law, cursing until the other party was bleeding from both ears.

Finally, he looked around and found himself in some sort of mine and there were crystals embedded in the wall.

"Hmm now what is this? Did that woman leave me here?" walking up to the wall, he pulled out one of the crystals and bit into it.

[You have obtained 1 Strength Attribute Point!]

"Whoa, this is an Attribute Mine?! Hah great, thank you vampire lady." Vritra said and began to devour one stone after another.

So many would be useless for him, so he could take the rest for his family.

CRUNCH CRUNCH

[You have obtained 1 Strength Attribute Point!]

[You have obtained 1 Strength Attribute Point!]

…

Moving around rapidly, Vritra even created blood hands to pull more and more crystals, storing them all away.

***

"Stop lying, there is no way a cave like that could be present here. We have already checked the entire area, aside from those pathetic survivors, there is nothing." A man said angrily.

He wore a doctor's coat, with a stethoscope around his neck, with half his hair turning white.

"Believe me, doctor, I really saw those peasants take out crystals earlier. It increases their physical strength, it is a great treasure, I swear over your dead wife!" the other guy following behind the doctor muttered.

With a fox-like face, he looked really odd, there was even fur over his limbs and torso.

"Over your dead sister? I thought you hated her, if this turns out to be another lie, I will skin you alive. We have taken great risk by entering the territory of the Cinema organization." The doctor muttered.

"Alright, if I lie, then stuff my body with poop and hang me in a gutter, I will eat chili with my nose even!

Cut my penis off, feed it to me, throw dozens of men and mutants at me!" he said, with great determination.

"Okay, I will believe you this time. If it's true, then you are in for a great surprise." The doctor finally smiled.

If he could get such a mine, then his strength would soar and he could take over the Cinema too.

In his organization, the doctors, he was starting to lack live humanoid test subjects after all.

"How far?" he questioned, their bodies covered by strange threads that made them nearly invisible.

"Hehe it's hidden near the back where only peasants live, it will be very easy." The fox man said, scratching his pointy nose.

Soon they arrived near the slum-like area, passing through, they finally appeared on top of a hole.

"Oh it seems you weren't lying after all, good job. You will receive great benefits for this, let's head down and check." The doctor grinned ear to ear, greatly happy, patting the fox man.

"Kaka doctor, didn't I say it? Let's go in and see how many treasures we have, hehe I haven't gone in yet either." He spoke while rubbing his palms.

Yet just as they were about to jump inside, a human figure jumped out of the hole, brushing the dust off his clothes.

"Oh hey there," the person whose face was slightly covered by dust waved his hand, then casually walked past them.

"Huh? Looks like these peasants know about the existence of the mine, we should hurry."

The fox man said, the more these peasants used the stones, the less there would be for them.

Though there should be more than enough inside.

"Oh so they are planning a rebellion against the Cinema? Hehe how cute, too bad we will be stealing their only chance." The doctor muttered, jumping inside.

'Kekeke this is great so great, I am going to rise now. I will take half the crystals and become so strong that I will get all the women!!' the fox man thought and jumped in.

He saw the stunned expression on his brother-in-law's face in the dim light, and chuckled.

"Got shocked right? Didn't I tell you it would be great, so what is my reward now? Let me tell you, I won't settle for anything small brothaaaaaaaahhh-" as he turned, his soul nearly left his body.

There was absolutely nothing in the walls, not even a pebble-sized crystal, it was pitch dark inside.

The fox man bit his palm, tears filling his eyes.

"Good good, you won't settle for small right? I will prepare the biggest cocks for you, and do what? Cut off your cock and feed you? Eat chili by nose? And what…" the doctor was extremely angry.

He had to sacrifice a few of his men to create distraction and sneak inside, all of this for no treasure.

"N- No uwaahh it was here really, kyaaaah bro- brother-in-law, m- my dead sister's soul kiyaaaaaaaa"

A few metres away, Vritra looked back.

"Sigh, men these days, what has happened to society?" he shook his head, those guys just started down there?

"Well who am I to judge, to each their own I guess."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...