Chapter 170: Marriage Trial

Vritra, Diana, Fiona, and Vanessa sat inside a well-packed hotel and ordered some food for themselves. Vritra was holding his mother’s hand with his right and Fiona’s with his left. The two women were overjoyed after reuniting with him.

"Did you not go to the temple?" Vritra asked, remembering the strange and eerie place.

"We did go to the temple, after all, we knew that would be the first place you would go to search for us. But after arriving in front of the temple, I had an ominous feeling there. In the end, we didn’t go in and came to the second most likely place for you to visit—the most crowded area." Diana was the one to answer.

"Sir, here is your food." The young waiter brought the food to their table, staring in awe at the three beautiful women and looking at Vritra with jealousy.

"You did good. I indeed went to the temple, and something is certainly wrong with that place. None of you should go anywhere near it," Vritra said seriously. The three women had booked three rooms in a hotel and had stayed there for a few days while waiting for Vritra.

"The people who were following us, are they still after us? A-And what about that news we heard... the demon lord Vritra? Are they all talking about you?" Vanessa asked in a worried tone.

"I don’t think they will be able to follow us for a while. As for that news—yeah, they are indeed talking about me. But this news was spread by the exact same people who were following us," Vritra replied. He decided not to reveal the truth just yet—it was too big of a change after all.

Although Vritra was sure that Vanessa would accept him no matter how he changed, he wanted to break the news in a better situation and not rush it.

"Ah, just who were the people that were following us? They even killed the king. Can’t we just complain about it to someone? Anyone?" Fiona asked in frustration. She, too, had heard why Vanessa had fainted earlier, and just the thought made her incredibly sad.

"We can’t trust anyone here. Even if they seem to be the pillar of justice itself, don’t ever reveal anything to them. This place is not Earth," Vritra warned, looking at his mother and Fiona. Then he looked at Diana.

His score with the goddess hadn’t been settled properly yet. She had tried to kill him before, after all, so she needed a lot of training to bring her out of her comfort zone. He couldn’t just let go of someone who almost killed him.

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +1}

"Don’t worry, I won’t say a word about anything to anyone," Diana spoke in a hurry, feeling his gaze on her.

"It’s not that you won’t, but that you just can’t. The moment you try anything, your soul will be destroyed," Vritra said directly. He didn’t care about her reputation or anything.

"Anyway, how did you change your appearance so much? I really couldn’t recognize you," Vanessa asked, changing the subject.

"It’s because of a skill of mine. I can change my appearance however I want," Vritra answered as his expression changed the moment he looked at his mother.

They chatted and ate the warm food. After gulping a mouthful of soup, Vritra raised his gaze and asked, "Do any of you know what’s happening here? That’s a big crowd. I don’t think some normal competition is happening here, right?"

"Yes, it’s indeed not a normal competition. Only a little is revealed to the public, but from what I heard, in this competition, out of thousands of young men, only one would be selected." Fiona began to explain, gazing at him with love and tenderness.

"That’s a rather high rejection rate. Just what exactly are they competing for?" Vritra asked in surprise. Thousands of young men from all over the Blue Kingdom had gathered there, after all, and selecting just one out of them all—it had to be something big.

"Yeah. The winner of the competition will get the chance to participate in some sort of marriage trial. Not much information is given in that regard, but the girl is said to be some relative of the emperor. That’s why so many young men have gathered," Fiona added. Her voice was full of awe as well while gazing at Vritra.

"Despite defeating thousands of other competitors and winning the competition, the winner will only get the chance to participate in a girl’s marriage trial? That sounds quite absurd. Anyway, that’s not important. Is there any other reward for the winner?"

Fiona felt happy as she saw Vritra show absolutely no interest in that unknown girl—unlike all the other men who were chasing after that status and a lifetime of money and resources.

"Yeah, I did hear about a few rewards, like one armor and weapon at the peak of the 1st Legion rank, and..." Diana began to answer after calming down. Then she continue:

"The winner will also get a 1st Legion ranked stone based on the field of the winner. Though if the winner is already in the Legion rank, then that reward could be changed with something of equal value."

"Oh, a Legion Stone, huh. That’s a nice reward." Vritra finally felt some interest in the competition. Not to mention, he was lacking a nice armor and the axes’ level needed to be increased.

"Are you going to participate in the competition?" Vanessa asked, putting more food onto Vritra’s plate.

"Diana, how much do you know about this kingdom? Do you think there is any other place to obtain an empty 1st ranked Legion Stone?" Vritra asked after thinking for a moment.

"The Legion Stones could indeed be obtained in some shops, but empty Stones most probably won’t be available there. Other than that, maybe in some auction..." Diana answered, thinking hard about it.

"Then I guess I will have to participate in the competition. That marriage trial or whatever doesn’t matter, but the other rewards are nice," Vritra said. A new armor could be really helpful.

"Yes, yes! You definitely should participate in this competition, young master Jin Woo," a ragged voice sounded from the side. The three women looked at the battered Baldy Monk in surprise.

Vritra had already sensed the presence of the biggest living jinx, the harbinger of bad luck, as he walked into the hotel.

"Sigh. And what are you doing here?" Vritra asked. He didn’t want to stay in too close of a proximity with this Monk.

"Hehe, after I managed to get rid of all those guards by making them follow my bullo, I came here directly since I knew you would be here. And guess what?

I also knew that you are definitely going to participate in that competition, so I already got your name registered in the competition. No one is more fit to become the husband of—" Monk began to speak in a flattering tone, sensing that Vritra was about to shoo him away.

"You registered my name, huh. So when is this competition starting, and what do you know about it all? I saw the emperor’s protector earlier. Was he also here because of this competition or something else?" Vritra asked several questions at once.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...