Chapter 567 Professionals

Vritra waited for the reply as he gazed at his surroundings and finally at Drino, whose body was deteriorating constantly.

"Even becoming a demi god is near impossible before the games start, and the only way to level up is by those games designed by the gods." Divine spoke.

Vritra nodded as he continued:

"After the trial, the hero would have a chance at becoming the demi god. The other planet would be destroyed and they would obtain its core and most of the energy."

'I see, so the participants of the actual games would be the demi gods and their teams, and each level up is through defeating the other side?' Vritra didn't know what sort of games they would be playing.

Would only two planets be participating in each game, or would there be more?

There were so many things he wasn't sure about, but he could only wait for the answers.

"Yes, the only way to level up is through those said games, though the difficulty is absurd." Divine added.

'So I can't use this lizard to level up?' Vritra frowned. This was such a waste, but at least he could use it to evolve his physique, maybe.

"Yeah, as unfortunate as it is, leveling up as a demi god is impossible without entering those games. You can't become a true level 3 demi god, even I can't help you with leveling. But…" Divine paused dramatically.

Vritra was glad that there was a but in that sentence, increasing his strength right now was one of his priorities.

"But I can help you reach the fake level 3. Most of Drino's strength is related to his physique. Start with absorbing his physique, I will instruct you further then." Divine said.

'Okay.' Without wasting any time, Vritra held the tail tightly and closed his eyes. Just this contact with him was enough to absorb the physique.

[Absorbing the physique of demi god Drino!]

Just as the process began, the dazed demi god noticed something. Some sort of energy started leaving his body.

Hurriedly, he tried to pull away, but it was impossible. Vritra wouldn't let go at all.

A faint feeling of weakness started to enter his being. Drino couldn't tell what exactly Vritra was doing, but he knew he had to stop him.

Drino tried to resist. He peeked into his inventory to try to find something, but his senses were pushed away.

"Not so fast, lizard. You thought there were no consequences to trying to hurt my sister? You see, the guy you dragged with you is going to make you disappear. He is going to take away all your strength, and even take your soul." Suddenly a voice sounded in Drino's mind, and his body shivered.

'D Divine?!! How are you? Weren't you dead?' Drino felt his body go limp. If he had known Divine was not yet dead, then how could he dare to hurt his sisters?

'F Forgive me, I will do as you say. Whatever you want, I I will-' Drino started begging instantly, knowing fully well that even gods didn't dare to fight the Divine directly.

And by now, he must have grown even stronger.

"Hmm, I can still forgive you, but he won't. You see, my brother in law is quite possessive when it comes to his family. Just endure the pain, it will be over very soon." Divine said, pitying the poor demi god.

Of course, Vritra couldn't hear the conversation between the two.

Drino looked at Vritra faintly. Why did he have to bring this disaster upon himself? Maybe getting thrown out of that planet was still a light punishment, but he was stupid enough to bring his death along.

Vritra, on the other hand, was completely focused on absorbing Drino's physique. They were flying at such a high speed, making most movements impossible.

It was actually taking a lot longer to absorb this physique, but the changes were astronomical.

He had absorbed Dago's and Sir Giant's physiques, but the two combined weren't even a thousandth of Drino's physique.

'After so long, I can finally feel myself getting stronger. I wonder how much my defenses and physical strength will increase after this…' Vritra thought without pausing the process.

He also wondered how long they were going to fly. Did he really hit Drino so hard? Even Teresa's final push shouldn't be this dramatic.

It had already been a few minutes and they just kept going on and on.

'Divine, what's going on? Where are we going? You have something to do with this, right?' Vritra really wished he could meet the Divine and beat him up for all his games.

"Yeah, don't worry. Didn't I promise that I would give you a gift? You are soon going to get it, but the journey is a bit long." Divine replied in a carefree tone.

Vritra clicked his tongue and just focused on absorbing the physique.

…

More than thirty minutes had passed, yet their speed hadn't slowed down at all.

They kept getting dragged. Even the force of the Nuclear Fist hadn't decreased. Drino was still not able to heal.

With Vritra's strength alone, injuring Drino to this extent wouldn't be possible, so Divine really must have done something.

By now, the process of absorption was complete by more than 30%. Vritra forgot about everything else for now.

Drino had already stopped his useless resistance. It was Divine who was against him, how could he do anything?

'Am I just going to die like this? God! God! Help me!! Please help me, I have even found Divine's other sister…' Drino screamed in his mind, as currently speaking out loud was impossible.

"It is useless. Whatever you might think to try, I have already blocked off everything." Divine spoke. He was quite angry that Drino dared to hurt his sister.

But what better use could these people have than being used for Vritra's level up, indirectly making his sisters safer?

Finally, after a few hours…

[You have absorbed the demi god Drino's physique!]

[Your physique grows stronger.]

[Your physique grows stronger.]

[Your physique grows stronger.]

…

This message popped several times before Vritra the moment he was done.

He could clearly sense the obvious change in his body. His defenses had grown dramatically, and his strength had increased too.

'Not bad. Now, Divine, what do I need to do?' Vritra asked after observing the changes.

"Now we are going to do your favorite thing. We are going to steal some things…" Divine spoke. Just stealing the physique was not enough.

'Oh, are we emptying his inventory?' Vritra smiled faintly, his gaze making Drino shiver for some reason.

'W What are they planning now? They have already taken away my physique, isn't this enough?' Drino shuddered, regretting taking the god's mission.

And he had thought this mission would be very easy.

"Well, inventory too, but something even more precious than that." Divine answered.

'And what might that be?' Vritra tilted his head. He pulled Drino's tail out of his chest.

The wound healed instantly. Never before had he felt this strong. His body was simply brimming with energy.

Stealing someone's physique didn't give him their abilities, but it also wasn't as simple as just increasing defenses and strength.

Though Vritra would have to find out more about it later.

"We are going to take his Mana Core and heart." Divine answered, his voice sounding sinister.

❖❖❖