Chapter 126: Mortal Enemy? Poor Max...

After a pause, Max was the first one to make this suggestion:

"If you lose, I don’t ever want to see you near Fiona, and you will never talk to her again."

Vritra nodded, now showing a slightly unsure expression, then he asked:

"Uh... how about we just forget this thing?"

{Sin Point Gained: Got laughed at +1}

"No no no, Mr. Janitor, we are going to do this whether you like it or not. As a man, you can’t go back on your words, right? Of course, we can cancel it if you don’t consider yourself one." Max had a gloating expression on his face as he spoke.

Vritra sighed, shaking his head helplessly as he replied:

"Fine, since you are insisting so badly, I guess we will just have to do it."

Fiona watched the entire scene in bewilderment. This Vritra was too evil and cunning—she could clearly see how he was playing with Max.

’But it’s just arm wrestling, so it shouldn’t be a problem. At most, Max would end up breaking an arm even if he loses badly, that is no problem as it could be healed easily.’ Fiona thought and decided not to interrupt this match.

But she never would have imagined how wrong she was. Only after hearing Vritra’s next words did she begin to panic.

"Alright, if I lose I will never go near Fiona." Vritra said as he looked at her, a sly grin in his eyes—but to Max, it seemed Vritra was making some tough choice—as he continued:

"But what if you lose?"

{Sin Point Gained: Ridiculed +1}

"Hah, that would never happen, but tell me what it is you want." Max said, but he would never agree to the same condition of not meeting Fiona again.

"You have to get a tattoo on your face. Whatever I want it to be." Vritra said after a few seconds.

{Sin Point Gained: Belittled +1}

"Haha that’s all, fine let’s do it then." Max nodded almost instantly, while Fiona was thinking how to stop this match. What if he made Max have some stupid tattoo—how would they be able to move in public then?

"Uhm..." Fiona tried to speak, but Max felt quite bad by her doubt in him. In an unhappy tone he asked:

"What? Do you want me to cancel this challenge because you think I am weaker than him?"

"Yes— I mean, no, that’s not what I meant, but there is really no need for this—" Fiona tried to change his mind, but as always, the bully Max was hot-headed.

"It might not be for you, but it is for me."

Max then looked back at Vritra, and with a ferocious expression he said:

"Let’s start."

Vritra and Max soon explained their challenge to the guards in charge of overseeing their training, who rolled their eyes—they still remembered the last challenge, after all.

But all the guards agreed and even called a tattoo artist in advance. They would be acting as the judge for the match and also make sure no one went back on his word.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +54}

Soon, Vritra and Max stood on opposite sides of the table. They leaned forward and placed their right elbows over it, before clasping one another’s hand in a tight lock.

"Max... you can win it." Fiona said with absolutely no optimism in her voice—still, she had to cheer him on.

Max smiled and nodded and turned his gaze to Vritra. Finally, he would be able to get rid of this bug who kept lingering around his girl.

"Start at the count of three." The guard said who stood at their side. Even he knew what the result was going to be, so he had paid the tattoo artist in advance.

One...

Two...

Three!!

Both Vritra and Max applied force as the match began. Max used all his strength and Vritra’s hand actually began to bend backwards, as a wide grin spread across Max’s face.

All the classmates had gathered to watch this match, and many of them cheered for Max while others just enjoyed the break. None of them had a good impression of Vritra.

Vritra’s hand was slowly leaning back. His expression seemed as if he was using a lot of force and his arm was trembling.

{Sin Point Gained: Looked down upon +1}

’Haha, this is it. I knew it!! My strength is definitely higher than his.’ Max exclaimed in his mind.

{Sin Point Gained: Doubted +1}

’Huh? Max is actually winning? Could I have been wrong all along? Vritra actually isn’t as strong as I thought—no way. He is definitely playing around, he loves to troll people.’ Fiona instantly came to this realization and looked to the side where the tattoo artist was already preparing his tools.

{Sin Point Gained: Belittled +1}

"You lost!! Hahahaha!!" Max laughed loudly as Vritra’s hand was just a few centimeters away from being smashed into the table.

{Sin Point Gained: Impressed +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Loved +1}

’Oh hubby, you really love to give people fake hope only to mercilessly shatter it at once, huh. I love it!!’ Yasmine said, entranced by her husband. He was too evil, too cool.

BANG!!

Suddenly, Max felt he couldn’t push Vritra’s hand any further and then it was him who began to lose. Vritra gave him no time as he smashed Max’s hand into the table.

{Sin Point Gained: Speechless +54}

"..."

There was silence for a few seconds after the loud sound. Max’s body was twisted sideways as he stared at his hand in shock, and then a voice broke the silence.

"So, what kind of tattoo do I need to create?" It was an old man with a thin beard, he was holding his tool with his shaky hands.

{Sin Point Gained: Glared at +1}

"I- I lost... how? How is that possible? You must have cheated! All of you saw it!! I was about to defeat him but then he... he—" Max looked around but everyone just looked at him with pity. Even they could tell that he was played around by Vritra.

"Oh electro boy, as a man you can’t go back on your words, right? Of course, you can decide not to follow the bet’s condition... if you don’t consider yourself one. There is no use acting now—just say so if you are a pussy." Vritra threw Max’s words back at him, his lips stretching into a wide smile.

"Damnit... sigh. Fine, I will get the tattoo, but you better not take it too far." Max glanced at Fiona and finally gave in. He couldn’t chicken out in front of the girl he loved.

He walked to the side and sat down on the chair, leaning his head back on the headrest and closed his eyes.

"..."

Vritra told the tattoo artist what kind of tattoo he wanted on Max’s face.

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +1}

"What? Is he your mortal enemy or something? I wouldn’t do this to even my enemy... sigh. Tsk tsk, that poor fella... fine, I will do that." The old man shook his head, feeling pity for Max as he held his pen with shaky hands and walked close to him.

Instantly the old man began to make the tattoo as Vritra had instructed.

____________

Thanks for reading...