Chapter 633 Flame Body

Vritra had just taken a few steps when a wave of flames struck his body from behind.

BOOM!

His body was blasted forward, his back badly burnt as he coughed blood, feeling pain all over.

'E- Evomorph, activate!' he thought, pushing himself up despite the burning pain.

[Evomorph Activated!]

Instantly, Vritra could feel his skin healing. The speed was slow at first but kept increasing rapidly.

As if his body itself was undergoing some sort of evolution.

The changes continued, and before long the burning sensation had reduced greatly.

Pulling out two machetes from his inventory, he flashed forward and cut off the heads of two mutants.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +59}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +56}

Bull didn't stop. Seeing that he was injured, she started chasing after him even more desperately.

'Add the three points to agility!' he instructed.

[Agility: 25.9]

Instantly, there was a big boost in his speed as he shot forward, staying away from the powerful mutants and killing the others.

Blood started to float around him, forming dozens of blades which kept shooting out like bullets.

Even as he killed the mutants, his stats and sin points kept increasing rapidly.

"You are going to die, Adam!! How dare you trick me!" Bull screamed. She had a very short temper, and once she hated someone, she would go to any length to take her revenge.

She felt that if she didn't kill him now, then it wouldn't be possible ever.

BOOM

A wave of flames struck Vritra again, but this time, because the distance was greater, he wasn't blasted away.

But the flames still began to burn his skin, only for his body to keep undergoing mutation.

The pain soon reduced quite a bit, and it felt like he had become a little resistant to fire.

[You have acquired Flame Body!]

'Hmm? Flame Body? Does it make me invincible against flames?" Vritra thought as he stabbed the machete into the head of one of the humans from the

Firebull group.

BOOM

Bull struck again. Vritra's body was instantly engulfed by flames, but not only did he not suffer, he could also feel a connection with the flames.

With a thought, the flames around his body converged into a fireball that floated before him.

'Whoa, so I can control flames too? This Evomorph has become even more powerful!!' he exclaimed. But it seemed for now he couldn't generate flames of his own.

Though he could turn blood into flames, making it even more deadly, with higher control than even Bull.

"W-What? My flames have no effect on him and he even controlled them?!! No, there is no way!" Bull refused to believe her eyes. This must be another one of his tricks.

But Vritra was just dashing around at full speed, killing mutants left and right.

Though the number was increasing too rapidly, before long even running would be impossible.

Suddenly, an idea struck his mind.

[Blood Manipulation Activated!]

From all the bodies piled around, blood suddenly started to fly up and then converged.

After a few moments, it took the shape of a blood dragon, even bigger than before.

"That trick again? Do you plan to attract more mutants? No matter what, you are going to die today!" Bull shouted, shooting out waves of flames.

His speed kept increasing too rapidly. She was finding it hard to keep up.

"Thanks for the flames." Vritra said as he abruptly stopped.

With one hand pointed towards the enormous dragon, the flames converged in front of his other hand.

As he pointed both his hands upward, the flames collided with the dragon.

Under Bull's disbelieving gaze, the body of the dragon was surrounded by

flames. It looked like a majestic flaming dragon.

Even many mutants paused to look at the terrifying figure.

Panic rose in her heart for a moment as she moved back, feeling that if it struck

her, she might be gravely injured.

Suddenly, Vritra brought the massive flaming dragon down near Bull and a large number of mutants, its mouth wide open as if roaring.

BOOOOM!!

The blood exploded like fuel. Both of Vritra's skills seemed to complement each other very well, even the nature of the blood had changed.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +63}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +55}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +69}

Messages after messages began to pop up. Vritra, who was feeling a bit exhausted, instantly felt a wave of warmth and relief engulf him.

His stats increased once again.

For a moment, he just stood there, gazing at the damage caused by his new

skill.

Quite a lot of mutants had just been killed, though there were still many left. Unfortunately, Bull wasn't dead, but fortunately, she was badly injured.

And Vritra wasn't going to let a future enemy escape.

Bringing out the machetes, he shot in her direction, killing mutants along the

way.

Bull lay on the ground, panting heavily, disbelief written all over her face.

'How is it possible? How could he use my ability? I have to escape!!' Urgency

rose in her mind. Pushing up her injured body, she looked around.

Her eyes widened as she saw Vritra heading in her direction.

Her flames no longer worked on him. Her strength might be a little higher, but

with his speed, she wouldn't even be able to touch him.

Now there was no way to kill him, but she was sure she could at least run.

"Hey, Bull, don't tell me you are thinking of running." Vritra said, slicing a mutant in half at the waist before cutting its head off.

"Let's forget our enmity. Soon, dangerous mutants will be here. If we fight, both

of us will just die needlessly. She muttered, gazing around for a way to escape.

He already knew about the underground space, so going there would be

useless.

"Even if that's the case, I can't let you leave." He said, dodging a mutant's attack from behind and plunging the blade into its brain.

"I can promise never to look for you..." gritting her teeth, she muttered.

"I don't believe it." Vritra said and charged forward, his speed far surpassing

Bull's.

Taking a metal pole from the ground, she waved it around messily while shooting out flame blasts.

Only the blasts could still injure him and buy her time.

BOOM

An attack grazed Vritra's shoulder, but the injury healed within moments.

"How is it possible? Just how many skills do you possess? I never harmed you

or your family. Just let me go." She muttered, feeling helpless.

But Vritra wasn't the only danger here.

BANG

A humanoid mutant whose body resembled a grasshopper suddenly jumped in

their direction, striking the two.

Vritra was fine, but Bull was bitten by it. Her arm started to bleed as the mutant

bit off a small chunk of her flesh.

"Ughh, damnit. Haa haa. I really have no chance of surviving now, do I?" Blasting

away the cricket, she mumbled.

After over six months of struggle, this was how her life was going to end.

The apocalypse really does change people. She had completely forgotten her original goals and methods.

And now, as life flashed before her eyes, Bull felt regret for quite a few things.

܀܀܀

Thanks for reading... adios