Chapter 334: Red Ripmaw

"So far, the war against the demons has not started, but it might start in a few days. Those guys didn’t know anything more than that," Vritra said, as the two went directly into the bathroom.

"Haa, so they could attack as soon as they found out about me, and we can’t really do anything to them," Yennifer sighed, as the two removed their clothes.

Vritra thought for a moment, then he summoned the book of dimensions, though the Empress couldn’t see it.

He tore a page and then handed it to her, saying:

"If I am not here and you are in danger, then just tear this page and throw it at whatever or whoever is attacking you and run away from there as fast as you can."

Yennifer was surprised, wondering where he pulled out that page from or what this page could do, but without any questions, she accepted it and placed it near her clothes safely.

Soon the two started their bath while having a serious talk.

***

{You have cleansed one RipMaw!!}

{You have devoured one Sin Coin!!}

{Sin Coin → 209/2500}

{You have levelled up!!}

{Evolution in process...}

Vritra panted lightly as he just finished absorbing another Sin Coin.

As his level grew, his speed at slaughtering the abominations had increased rapidly.

But when he had killed around two hundred or so abominations, it felt like he had hit a bottleneck, and even if he killed more abominations, his level wasn’t increasing.

This confirmed one of Vritra’s doubts: the levels he was gaining were the same as outside this realm.

So, after killing around two hundred abominations, he had reached the peak of the 2nd Legion rank.

At first, he was worried and confused; how was he supposed to get a Legion stone in a place like this, not to mention an empty stone? But the sin system showed him the way.

{Kill the Red RipMaw to level up.}

Around ten days had passed after the interrogation; thankfully, those men hadn’t made any move yet.

"That thing looks several times stronger than the normal abomination. How should I kill it...?" Vritra wondered. He had just killed two more abominations and now his target was the red one.

He couldn’t delay killing the red abomination, or his pace of killing the RipMaws wouldn’t increase, and it would take too long.

He wanted to return to the White Kingdom as soon as possible.

After killing so many of those creatures, his strength had undoubtedly increased by a lot.

He could even kill the abominations in a one-on-one fight without any traps and barely any injuries.

He knew that he would have to use traps and the surroundings to somehow kill it, but if the power difference was too much, such things wouldn’t work.

He designed new and deadlier traps, and then made his way into the temple.

In the disappearing state, he moved close to the statue of the large insect.

Right in front of the statue, the three red RipMaws were present.

’Should I try attacking one here? I will know whether my attack will work against it or not. If things go bad, I will just have to escape.’

Vritra thought, and these things don’t go into the town during the day, so he just needed to reach there.

Taking out the large knife, Vritra silently approached it.

[Shift Activated.]

[Agility + Endurance → Strength.]

’Forbid: The knife becomes sharper when held upside down.’

[Forbidden Activated.]

Vritra turned the knife upside down and upon reaching close to the red abomination, he locked his eyes exactly at the place where the heart was present.

He had already seen the locations of the three’s hearts.

’Here goes nothing.’ Vritra thought and then he gathered all his strength and stabbed directly towards its heart.

CLANG

It was like the knife had hit against metal; sparks flew around and the first strike was utterly fruitless, but it did result in stirring the giant creature out of its sleep.

Vritra gritted his teeth and made his move in haste.

’Forbid: Everything that is red is inexplicably soft.’

[Forbidden activated.]

Before the red abomination could make sense of the situation, he struck again, stabbing with even more force.

This time, the knife did go a little deeper into its skin and got stuck, but as he tried to push the knife deeper, it was moving way too slowly.

URRRRRAAAARRRRR!!

The red creature finally woke up and let out a deafening roar, an oppressive feeling making all the other abominations shiver as they woke up and looked around.

’Haha, fuck...’ Vritra wasted no time as he disappeared and fled toward the exit at full speed, even using Shift and Forbidden to increase his speed to the max.

THUMP THUMP

The red RipMaw charged towards Vritra at an even faster speed, but thankfully, the other creatures soon returned to continue with their prayers.

’Why is it so fast and it saw through the disappearing state within moments? This creature is too dangerous.’

Vritra gritted his teeth as he absorbed all the insects that the abomination shot at him into the book.

He had put the trap very close to the temple this time; he had expected such a situation.

Just as the red abomination arrived on the cross mark, the ground broke under its feet and waves of acidic poison rained down on its head.

In the next instant, dozens upon dozens of spiky creatures hit its head and body.

Then several wooden logs struck its head, plunging the creatures deeper into its eyes.

KRRRRRRRIIIIIII!!

Letting out a slightly painful scream, the large creature didn’t seem as bothered by all this as Vritra had hoped. In an instant, the creature jumped towards Vritra.

Jumping back, Vritra activated all the traps he had prepared as all the things were launched at the red abomination which had been momentarily blinded.

And right at that time, he activated the forbidden skill, limiting the creature’s abilities.

Even so, the creature continued to charge at him, waving around its terrifying arms like large blades.

Vritra dodged them as he jumped forward and kicked again and again at the knife stuck in its chest.

And so the fight between the two beings began. It was several times more dangerous and deadlier than Vritra’s fight against the first abomination.

With each of the red creature’s moves, he barely dodged death. Within a few minutes, countless wounds had appeared on his body.

Vritra just had one target; he pushed the knife deeper and deeper into the creature’s body.

But things took a turn for the worse when the red creature underwent a transformation into something far more terrifying.

Within moments, Vritra had to sacrifice his fake left hand just to barely save himself from getting sliced into two.

Running away was not an option; it was do or die. Vritra felt his blood pumping and heart thumping wildly, his veins bulging as he pushed his body to the limit.

Battling the deadly creature several times bigger than him. The red abomination was better than him in everything—strength, agility, endurance.

Despite that, it couldn’t kill Vritra.

No matter how many attacks landed on Vritra’s body, he just won’t die.

BANG BANG BANG

The sound of Vritra kicking the knife again and again kept ringing far and wide as the battle continued to rage on for hours.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...