Chapter 625 The Intruders

"Draw 50 Sin Point rewards, use all the points!!" Vritra spoke as the wheel spun quickly and one by one various messages began to pop up before him.

{Congratulations, you have acquired 10kg rice!}

{Congratulations, you have acquired 1 strength attribute point!}

{Congratulations, you have acquired 100 apples!}

…

A total of forty two messages popped before him exactly, as Vritra read them all patiently.

He had obtained quite a big amount of food items, but a few of the things pulled his attention.

"Two attribute points, 1 strength and 1 spiritual! Hah I made a big profit." Vritra smiled, clearly opening small lottery was better.

Otherwise in 2,000 sin points he could only buy 1 attribute point.

"Maybe the increase in my luck is still there…" he thought but quickly shifted his attention to his status panel.

Just now he had killed quite a bit of cockroaches which had also increased his attributes a little.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 3.8)

(Agility: 3.8)

(Endurance: 2.7)

(Spiritual: 2.9)

』

{Sin Points: 4}

Killing those mutants increased his stats by around 1 to 1.2, only spiritual stat increased by just 0.2.

'What even is the benefit of this stat? Just heightening my senses?' he wondered, then moved his focus towards the remaining rewards.

'These items alone will last us for some time, now we don't have to worry about food and water at least. Hmm now what's that?' he focused on one of the items in his inventory and pulled it out.

"A smoke bomb?" Vritra stared at the smoke bomb with slight surprise, then put it away.

It would certainly come in handy later on.

'Divine, my strength could increase quickly as I can gain attributes through the wheel and by killing mutants, but won't my wives be too slow?

At this rate, they won't even be able to protect themselves.' Vritra thought, once they face real danger, Vritra might not even have strength to protect himself.

"That's true, if they continue the normal way, they will be even behind the people who have been evolving for over 6 months now." Divine agreed, before adding:

"And for that you need to form a party with all your family members, that way even if they don't kill the mutants and just help they would still receive some benefits. And don't worry, it won't hinder your growth."

'Alright, I will try that once we go down.' He finally felt better.

"Foxie, we are done here. Time to leave." Vritra said as he turned to look at the patiently waiting Maeve.

"Master, are we going down or continue?" she asked, eager to increase her strength.

"…Let's scout the area first, and then we will head down." He replied, they at least should be aware of the danger.

After a few moments, two figures covered by shadows left the apartment, they perfectly merged with the dark surroundings.

There were two more apartments on the other side, Vritra decided to check them out.

The door of the first opened directly, and inside, he found torn up human bodies.

There were just tiny pieces left after zombies ate them up.

He touched the piece of flesh, but received no sin points, they were too broken it seemed.

Then they moved to the last apartment of the floor, and found that its door was locked.

'There are people inside?' Vritra focused and could hear faint sounds of breathing.

The people inside were clearly scared, so Vritra just left, walking towards the stairs.

They climbed up and peeked into the corridor, finding it too dark to see anything clearly.

'This doesn't look like normal darkness, this floor seems dangerous.' Vritra thought, maybe some very powerful mutant resided here.

***

"Continue, there are no zombies on this floor." Two teams, consisting of a total of 8 men, made their way up, checking each floor.

Soon they had arrived at the twelfth floor, and didn't see any sign of danger.

Only one powerful zombie was present on the 11th floor which they avoided for now, thankfully it was deaf.

"Check the apartments here." The man leading the two teams spoke, it was none other than the limping man.

The underling of Ron, his ability was just perfect for such scouting missions and for hiding.

A bubble surrounded the group of 8, making it impossible to even see them and hiding their presence.

"Yes lad." They quickly spread into various small teams.

The limping man's nickname was Lad, everyone listened to him since he was literally Ron's right hand man and was very cruel.

"These two apartments are empty." Two of the groups returned.

"Lad, we found the four corpses of Lukas and others in that apartment, it seemed they were done in by the deaf zombie." Another person reported.

"Looks like they have already looted this place, I guess we need to take care of that zombie first. Let's go bac-" Lad looked at the bloody footprints moving in and out of all the apartments and was about to turn.

"Lad, that apartment door is still locked, there might be survivors inside." One of the men excitedly interrupted.

"Oh, did they come here after Lukas's team was wiped out or were they behind it?" Lad was sure Lukas and others wouldn't alert the deaf zombie.

So they might have been ambushed.

"Let's go check." He said as the eight of them stepped towards the locked door.

KNOCK KNOCK

"Is anyone inside? We are from the military, we are shifting the survivors to a camp. There, we also have food, if you want to join then come out otherwise we are going to leave."

Lad spoke in a heavy voice.

If possible they would like to kill them silently.

"N- No thank you, I have already been UGHH bitten by the zombie, there is no hope for me. You should leave." A pained voice came from inside, surprising the group.

But Lad wasn't one to be fooled, he knew all sorts of tricks.

"Just open the door and let us see, it might be solved by amputation. We also have a vaccine in testing.

It might be shocking but I possess the ability to suck out the virus, my ability has saved many lives, where were you bitten?" Lad said, feeling that he was close to winning.

"Oh, suck it out? It's on my dick, can you suck out the virus?" the voice from inside said, holding back the laughter.

"…"

Lad's face turned red in anger, that bastard inside was clearly trying to make fun of him.

Inside the house, Shitless, Onest and the others were feeling anxious. Although they had just awakened, their strength was still too weak.

How much time had even passed since they arrived here? Barely an hour or so.

They were clearly at a big disadvantage here, and the numbers on both sides matched perfectly.

The chances of their winning was extremely high.

Lad on the other hand understood that the other person could not be fooled.

"You bastard, open the door before I break in and kill you. If you open, you might still have a chance at surviving!" he shouted.

But no response came, cursing, he understood that a battle was inevitable.

"Break this door and kill anyone inside, not the women of course." Lad ordered, folding his arms over his chest with a mocking expression.

He wanted to see the person inside. But even after several seconds no one followed his order, so he turned to look and was shocked.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios