Chapter 538 Fate Reaver

Instead of giving the two monarchs quick deaths, Fiona wanted them to suffer so they would keep burning for a while before finally dying.

"Uwaaaaah S- Stoppp it!!" the two fell and began to roll over the floor, feeling extreme torment.

The moment they tried to use their mana to extinguish the flame, it only ignited more, as if devouring fuel, and brought even more pain.

Soon the hall was filled with the loud screams of the two monarchs. Despite being powerful lords, they were completely helpless against the Undead mythic Halo.

All the ones who saw shivered, the image of the redhead burning deep into their minds.

Along with the screams, the constant slapping sound kept ringing out.

Fiona and Vanessa felt quite satisfied, they were still letting these people off easily for insulting their man.

Maeve, Yasmine, and Diana looked up at the army of fishmen who were hurriedly trying to open portals.

But the entire Ford realm was now locked.

"You are all here to support Art Yates?" Sir Giant asked in shock. He might be strong, but just Yasmine alone could defeat him.

And how many lords had gathered there now?

Aside from the five women, there were at least ten more lords present among their armies.

"Yes," Yasmine replied, then glared at Shen. "I will deal with you later. I heard you tried to attack Art just now."

"I- It was a misunderstanding…" Shen felt a shiver as the killing intent of the three women focused on him.

"Tyler, it's been quite long since I last saw you. It seems you have grown quite a lot, huh." The dragoness then turned to look at the king of the fishmen tribe.

Of course, Tyler too recognized her. He had seen her a long time ago, and even at that time she had easily beaten his father.

"N- No, I just came here to give my well wishes. Now t- that I am done, it is time for us to leave." Tyler turned, but the portals just would not open.

"Damnit, what are you doing? Open it right now, didn't you all do it quite fast just now?" glaring at his men, the king shouted.

"It is pointless. Getting out of here is impossible now. Anyway, with the limited ability of your fishmen tribe, I doubt you could have gathered this information yourself. So tell me, who told you about her?"

Yasmine questioned, while Diana and Maeve just floated beside her silently, ready to attack at any moment.

"N- No one, I just found it through a coincidence." Tyler replied, shivering.

"You don't sound very convincing. You see, it is fine if you don't want to tell me. Though I will just get the information from your corpse. I can test a new skill I got recently too."

Yasmine said and raised her right hand, pointing it toward Tyler.

On the ground, after a few minutes of torment, the monarchs of two of the most powerful families were dead.

Two lords were killed just like that, and even their souls got devoured soon after.

All the people were terrified by the outcome. These were two of the five top families, and yet they appeared so weak.

On the other side, the several hundred men were crying even as they continued to slap themselves, their cheeks torn and blood soaking their clothes.

But it seemed they would not stop until even their skulls were broken.

Now that the situation had calmed down and everything was under control, Vritra turned back.

"Can you just hurry up? Do it, and I will even help you with making your family stronger." Divine's voice sounded.

Vritra smiled. He was just about to continue anyway, but it was not bad to get more rewards.

'Oh right, I am marrying your sister, so as her brother, shouldn't you be giving us some special gift?' Vritra asked, twirling the wine around in the glass.

"Fine, don't delay any longer." Divine said, rolling his eyes. Vritra sure was greedy and knew how to use the situation to his advantage.

In the sky, Tyler was frightened by the dragon empress and hurriedly spoke while moving behind his men.

"I- It was the Twilight who helped me. They told me everything and even helped with entering this realm."

'No wonder that Red's underling was here. Are they planning to abduct her too?' Yasmine wondered and looked toward Vritra, only to sense that there was something wrong with the altar.

"Again, cheers, my bride." Vritra spoke, then slowed down the world around them except for himself, Teresa, and the priest.

The two brought the glasses to their lips and finally drank the wine, the slightly bitter taste leaving behind a sweet aftertaste.

After gulping it down, they placed the glasses back on the tray. Within moments, a warmth permeated throughout their bodies.

The priest hurriedly asked,

"Vritra Arclis and Teresa Ford, do you accept each other as husband and wife, whether in good or bad times, always loving and supporting one another?"

Vritra used Nihil Anima to make the priest call his real name, though neither Teresa nor the priest himself noticed it.

"I do." Vritra spoke first and waited.

After a brief pause, Teresa spoke, "I do."

Vritra heard her speak for the first time.

'Even her voice is so beautiful. Back on Earth, I doubt anyone could be her match if she decided to be a singer.'

[You have formed an Eternal Bond with the Stealer of Fate, Teresa Ford!]

[You have obtained the Title Husband of Fate Reaver!]

"You two are now married. I wish you both a long and happy life together." The priest said and heaved a sigh of relief. Finally, it was complete.

Without wasting a moment, the priest turned and ran for his life. This place was too chaotic.

Teresa bowed and spoke in her sweet, honey-like mature voice in a low tone, "My lord… please take care of me from now on."

Vritra was a bit surprised by her way of addressing him, but it was fine. She would slowly learn.

He also needed to change her. How could his wife be so meek and fragile?

That too could wait for now.

Time once again returned to its normal flow. Vritra had already sensed the changes under the altar, which was exactly why he slowed time.

In any case, he was married now and could join in on the fun.

"Hubby!!" Yasmine shouted, but after a moment remembered that Vritra was a demigod, so she relaxed.

The Twilight could no longer wait. They had planned to use Tyler to cause chaos and then kidnap Teresa amidst all that.

But because of the appearance of the five women, their plan had failed, so now they could only go all out.

Around Teresa, a barrier formed all of a sudden, appearing like a cage.

While destructive energy surged under the remainder of the altar, enough to even kill a general.

The bride sensed the changes. Although she was blind, with her senses she could see more than most. Still, she could not enjoy the world like others.

Vritra sighed. It seemed the Twilight was soon going to be wiped out. They had made the biggest mistake by targeting his wife.

But everyone else who saw the scene understood the deep scheme. Sir Giant and Shen flew to save Vritra and Teresa, but it was too late.

❖❖❖