Chapter 612 Cannon Fodder

"Whoa, so you are called Rich and you are the richest? Did you change your name after you became the richest, or did you become the richest because your name is Rich?"

Shitless asked curiously, then slapped Onest's hand away, cursing.

"You damn mugger, at least don't try to steal from him."

"Oww, I was just honing my skills, cough. Anyway Rich, are you really Shen and that whor- cough Sakshi's real son?" Onest asked, shock evident in his voice.

"Unfortunately, I am." Rich answered. This might be the most shameful thing in his life.

"And your sister, pfft, she surely is your mother's daughter. She really has twenty slaves? And she married that Jean guy? Haha, why did you put such big competitions then?" Shitless asked.

"Yeah, she does. None of us were aware of it at first, we thought she just liked having a lot of slaves around her. Only later we found out…" Rich sighed. He really wished he could leave that family forever.

"Hmmm, you really are a nice guy." Onest said, nodding his head.

"R- Right? So can we talk normally? I don't feel good with a knife pointing at me. A- And why is he pointing his bald head at me?" Rich said, seeing his clear reflection in that head.

"Alright, well we have to be careful of the Fords." Onest finally put away the knife and Shitless threateningly pulled his head back.

Just then they heard footsteps and soon Vritra arrived.

"Hello Rich, looks like you three are having fun." Vritra looked at them, shaking his head.

"Art- Uncle? Uh…" He hurried and stood behind Vritra, finally sighing in relief.

"It's fine, don't worry." Vritra said and turned to talk to Rich.

"So, why did you come here?"

Rich looked at his surroundings for a moment. They were standing in the open, yet there was no snow or spores around.

"My aunty did it, right?" he asked. He doubted anyone had the capability to create something like that.

Teresa was even more of a genius than the creator of the glyphs.

It was just too bad she was so unlucky and vulnerable.

"Yes, Teresa indeed created the device that helped everyone." Vritra nodded.

"Is she alright? My auntie has always been unlucky and easily gets sick, but since she was always locked up in her room, I asked her to create a special glyph for me." He quickly took it out.

The glyph was a faint green colour, then he continued.

"Whenever my aunt is in danger or she is ill, I am the first who gets informed. I was so worried about her, is she fine?" Rich asked with a worried look.

Vritra smiled. He really is different from others in his family.

"Yes, she is perfectly fine now. Actually better than ever. She is just resting now." Vritra said, not explaining much.

Rich nodded, heaving a long sigh of relief.

"Thank you, that's all I wanted to know. Then I will be taking my leave now."

Just as he turned around, Vritra thought of something. For what he had planned, Rich would be better at arranging it all than the monk and Onest.

"Wait, there is something I need your help with." He called out and Rich turned.

"Just tell me, I will do my best." He said.

And Vritra explained it to him.

"H- Huh? Whom are we preparing this for?" There was confusion and surprise on Rich's face.

"You will know later, just tell me how much money or resources you need. You can use these two for whatever tasks you want." He said.

"…Alright." He nodded, and the two discussed it a bit more.

Soon he left the place, since time was less and there was too much to prepare.

"Sir Shitless and my friend Onest." Vritra called out, as the two men looked at one another and a bad feeling crept into their hearts.

"Y- Yes? Do you need us for something?" Shitless asked while taking slow steps backward.

"There is something important you two should know." He said and then explained a few of the things Divine had told him.

"Oh, so you are going to crash into their game, be careful." Onest said seriously.

"Those bastards, beat them all for us, kill them!" Shitless cursed as well.

"Yes, soon, we will be leaving the Zoratian planet and enter the game." Vritra said.

"Hmm, alright, while you are gone- wait, we? You don't… mean us, right?" the monk asked in bafflement.

Being evil is fine, but that sounded far too dangerous. The chances of survival were way too low.

"Yes, how can I leave you two here and let you enjoy? You two have to go there with me. With so much danger, I would need cannon fodder and maybe you can even act as my bait." Vritra said honestly.

"N- No, I think we will just be a burden on you. Take this mugger, he runs really fast. I can pray for you while staying here." Shitless pushed Onest ahead and took another step back.

"You Baldy-"

Vritra interrupted them.

"I have already decided, and we are all in, in this plan."

After giving a few friendly threats to his brotherly friends, Vritra left the two depressed guys alone.

"Let me write my will- wait, I don't have any money to pass on- wait, I don't even have any family to pass my no money." Shitless said, sighing.

"…Although you are bald, stupid, and useless, but it was still nice- moderately ni- relatively n- it was not bad knowing you." Onest said solemnly.

The two went to their rooms to prepare.

As Vritra got busy preparing a couple of things, time passed quickly.

Although the disaster had momentarily stopped, people were still filled with grief. Many had lost their lives after all.

Many of those who had mutated were still locked up. Vritra hoped that they could be healed.

He even went to study these guys but could do nothing about them.

Just like that, three days passed.

All his wives were still in the process of absorbing the energy, but one of them was finally about to come out.

Vritra stood before the door of Maeve's room. She had finally evolved.

His other wives would just reach the demi god rank, but Maeve would have a major upgrade in her physique and bloodline.

"That fox got out before me, sigh." Yennefer sighed.

Over the past few days, Vritra talked with Yennefer and Yasmine even while he was far away, so he could hold on despite missing them.

'Yenni, you still don't like her?' he asked, while sensing the fluctuation of energy from inside the room.

"No, of course not, but I never thought I would be sharing my husband with other women, six women at that." Yennefer spoke in exasperation, then she added, "But no more women, okay?"

"Yeah, it's not like I am searching for a woman or any woman is waiting to take me away." Vritra said, shaking his head.

Even in the cases of Vanessa, Yasmine, Yennefer, and Teresa, he wasn't chasing them but somehow still ended up together.

He did pull Fiona and Diana into his life himself though. As for Maeve, it was a mix of both.

Just then, the energy fluctuations stopped and faint sounds of clothes rustling and falling sounded.

Maeve wore a new beautiful set of clothes.

And finally, the door opened.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...