Chapter 572 TAK

Vritra first sent all his wives back to the divine realm, along with the fishing rod. He decided to check it out later on.

He needed to properly go over all his loot later, but for now it was time to make their exit from the safest bank.

How difficult could it be?

As long as he stayed silent, everything should be fine.

KNOCK KNOCK

"Sir, are you not done yet? I am afraid that we are reaching our time limit." The gnome reminded from outside.

Vritra was ready to leave, but one last time he scanned the whole locker, just to make sure he wasn't leaving anything behind.

He had already stored Pinky and Zengis back.

Just then his gaze landed on a ball lying in the corner. There were no barriers around it, so Vritra hadn't noticed it before.

Walking up to it, he picked up the ball, which was just like a tennis ball. It was light and seemed bouncy.

"Is there anything special about this too?" Vritra asked, instinctively bouncing it off the floor before catching it.

TAK

One…

"Yeah, it is a bomb." Divine replied. Vritra paused, holding the ball carefully, then asked,

"How powerful is it?"

"Powerful enough to kill a bunch of lords and even greatly injure a demi god at the initial levels. It is rather powerful.

Maybe Zihong left it here to harm anyone who tries to steal his treasures." Divine answered.

"I see. Well, I guess it can come in handy sometime." He decided to just throw it in his inventory, but the ball wouldn't go inside.

Frowning, he tried throwing it into the dimensional book, but failed again, and then into the divine realm, but nothing worked.

"What's going on?" Vritra scratched his head as he bounced it against the floor again.

TAK

Two…

"Of course it can't be stored anywhere, even inside a barrier. That's why it was lying in a corner. Zihong had made a setup, but you possessed the key, so you didn't trigger the bomb." Divine spoke.

"Hmm, well I don't want to leave such a powerful bomb here. Let's take it along." Vritra mumbled. He could use it later if someone powerful attacked him, or just try it on the Golden Moon.

If one didn't know about it, they would just assume it was an ordinary ball, so he doubted the gnome or other guards would recognize it.

While holding the ball, he started walking towards the door, which started to open on its own.

"Ah, you are done. I was starting to worry that something happened to you inside and was about to charge in." The gnome muttered cheekily while trying to peek into the room.

But everything was covered by barriers, so he couldn't really see anything.

Vritra: "…"

TAK

Three…

The sound of the ball hitting the floor rang out lightly, and as usual, the gnome continued talking to himself.

He faintly glanced at the ball and then ignored it. Gesturing ahead, he spoke, "Sir Zihong, please follow. I will take you out. If you have instructions, then do tell me."

Vritra just started walking slowly, stopping before the corridors.

TAK

Four…

It had been so long since he had done that. It felt quite relaxing. Vritra let his mind wander while playing with the ball.

The gnome observed him and then made one of the platforms stop. They climbed on top of that, and it started moving.

TAK

Five…

"By the way, sir, did you deposit something in there? Sigh, I know you won't answer anyway. Now that the new round of trials is about to begin, a lot of people have been visiting this bank."

The chatterbox started speaking and just wouldn't stop.

TAK

Six…

'I wonder how much time has passed back on the Zoratian planet…' Vritra thought. After all, he had travelled very, very far away with Drino and had passed through all sorts of realms.

Thankfully, all his wives were with him, so he didn't need to worry at all.

TAK

Seven…

'Now I just need to wait for Yenni to come out of that pill piece. The soul potions are ready, and even the energy source is ready. I can directly help her strengthen her soul and create a new body.' Vritra thought, and this new body would be even stronger and better than the previous one, he decided.

TAK

Eight…

The ride over the platform was even longer than when they were going up. The traffic really seemed high in the bank.

"Demi God Zihong, when will you be participating in the sixth game?" the gnome asked, but again received no reply.

'I wonder how many games are there, and how does one become a god? What is even the maximum level for a demi god?' Vritra thought, but expected no answer from Divine.

TAK

Nine…

But Divine actually replied this time, though for some reason his voice sounded strained, as if he was holding back from laughing.

"There are a total of nine games, so nine levels in total. After that, in the tenth round, the winners would have to fight the gods themselves.

If they could win, then they would replace the god they defeated, and that god would go into eternal slumber inside the Tomb of Gods. After all, killing gods is nearly impossible." Divine explained.

'I see.' Vritra nodded, before asking, 'But I am already on level 1, so after winning the first game will my level be 2? But then after winning nine games, wouldn't my level be 10, though you said 9 is max?'

TAK

Ten…

"Well, you are different. After clearing the trial, you could only reach level 0 of demi god and become a proper demi god after winning the first game." Divine said.

Vritra nodded. He finally understood it, then he glanced at the ball and asked, 'But how do I activate this bomb? Do I need to insert my mana or blood to detonate it?'

He again threw the ball towards the ground, ignoring the gnome's chatter.

"No, pfft, not that. You just need to hit it hard or gently eleven times, and it will explode within moments."

Divine's words made Vritra freeze. How many times exactly had the ball hit the floor so far?

He counted and…

TAK

"FUCK!!" His eyes widened in shock as Vritra cursed Divine in his mind. That bastard knew it from the start.

On the other hand, the gnome was startled. After all, this demi god had been silent from the start, and now that he spoke, he cursed?

"S- Sir, is something the matter? Did my overbearing questions annoy you? I- I apologize to you sincerely. I will keep my mouth shut from now on-"

Vritra just ignored the gnome. The moment the ball hit the ground the eleventh time, it started to glow.

It was too late to even use the Null ability. To reverse time slightly would be ineffective against this bomb.

Vritra thought quickly, but there really wasn't anything he could do.

He couldn't even throw the bomb into his dimensional book, so he kicked the gnome away and jumped to the other side.

The ball buzzed for a few moments, and then a terrifying explosion shook the whole bank as destructive energy started to spread all over.

The platforms were instantly turned to dust, the scale of destruction quickly turning terrifying.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... 