Chapter 412: Suffering

Thousands of men in red robes were standing there. At the forefront was a large altar.

Hundreds of people were lying on the altar. There were children, men, women, old, demons, and many others.

Using Misty Essence, Vritra’s body changed and he came out of the disappearing state.

He touched the shoulder of one of the men beside him and questioned: "Uh... I am newly recruited here, what sort of ritual is this?"

"Newly recruited? Have you been living under a rock?" The other guy shook his head and continued:

"In this ritual, we have to offer more than one hundred families to our God and he would grant us with a creature of myth, though even after so many years, we have not been able to get one."

Vritra glanced at the altar. Those people were conscious but couldn’t move, tears kept rolling from their eyes.

They hadn’t just captured individuals, they had captured entire families.

The sorrow, pain, helplessness, despair of seeing their children, their parents die such horrible death was the energy they needed.

The mothers on the altars looked at their children with pain and fear, continuously begging for anyone, anyone to come and save them.

Vritra’s frown deepened. How were these humans not worse than the demons? And they had been doing this for many years.

Laughter of the men from Bone Blood Cult was ringing.

They all seemed excited that their base was selected to carry on this special ritual.

Originally, the ritual was supposed to happen sooner but their leader delayed it for some reason.

Their leader, Red, was supposed to be here already but he was busy with some tasks and would come here soon.

Under the watchful eyes of the thousands of men, one of the men wearing a large robe that didn’t look right for his size walked onto the altar.

He was holding a knife in his hand.

"My loyal brothers, today we have gathered here to call upon our god and take the form of the Myth, the Rubble!"

The leader of the base shouted, his voice filling them all with even more excitement.

"Rubble is a creature consisting of rotten flesh and bones. It is said to be thousands of meters tall and as large as a city. It could destroy kingdoms and bring plague.

It is the most disgusting form a god could descend to this mortal world in."

Yasmine explained in a solemn tone, shocked that these crazy bastards were doing something so mindless.

Although the god couldn’t come or interfere with the mortals directly, they could do a lot indirectly.

They could even take some mortal forms to descend.

"O God, grace us with your presence and accept this small offering, with the blood, flesh, bones, love, despair, fear, sadness, please take the form of The Rubble!!"

The leader shouted again, his strength was a little above that of an average general.

"Hubby, we have to stop this, immediately!" Yasmine spoke, barely holding back from rushing out and burning them all to a crisp.

’Don’t worry, leave it all to me.’ Vritra replied, not like he was going to let them live anyway for targeting his family.

He might be a demon, not a very good person but he had a bottom line and still wouldn’t just let those people die.

The righteous sometimes are more rotten than the evil. So many families had disappeared. There is no way no one had noticed such a big change.

Yet there has been no news of this and no investigations.

The emperor even started a curfew to stop the flow of news to save his image and control chaos.

’This place is just as rotten as Earth, there none of us could do anything as politicians, rich ate away everything.

But here, with enough strength, anything is possible.’ Vritra thought, his eyes glowing with a red light.

"Now, I invite someone from among you, the lucky one to come and make the first sacrifice! We, the Bone Blood Cult, shall dominate and destroy the world! Everything will end, and we will be the cause!"

The leader shouted as everyone in the crowd screamed.

"Tell me which of you want to be the first, the first to kill a family here. We need to make them cry more, our God needs it, our God demands it!"

The leader gazed at the thousands of people and looked for someone who looked special in the crowd.

Vritra directly disappeared from his position and reappeared at the front of the crowd. His clothes changed and became a bit larger for his body.

Using the natural hypnosis, he pulled the leader’s attention towards himself.

"YOU! YES YOU, COME UP HERE!" At the first sight the leader knew that he was the one, the one to get the title of first slaughterer.

"Yessss!" Vritra let out an excited shout as he hurriedly climbed onto the altar. The other people looked at him with jealousy.

"Take this knife and cut open their blood vessels, let them bleed and watch their family members struggle in vain, as they feel pain." The leader gave Vritra the knife and instructed.

He really wanted to do it himself but as the leader, he couldn’t.

Though he would soon be killing a lot of families.

"Yes, I will." Vritra held the knife tightly. The people cheered him on and kept shouting for the kill.

The sobs and groans of the people lying on the altar were drowned in the screams.

They looked at Vritra in fear, pleading to the god to at least let their family members survive.

"Hmm. Now, prove me your worth by selecting the best family out of them, we are all waiting for you." The leader said.

Vritra gazed around at all the families.

He could feel their despair, their silent pleading, the fear as they looked at their children.

There were even newborns lying on the altar, crying out, but their parents could do nothing.

One of the women was suddenly able to speak though her body remained paralyzed.

"COUGH P- Please spare my daughter sob sob I am begging you, kill me if y- you want and let her g- go, she is just t- two sob HELPPPP!"

"Oh, looks like we have got just the perfect target. Now go on and start. After ten minutes of bleeding, we will set the entire family on fire."

The leader said, taking a deep breath of the suffering.

"Yes." Vritra nodded as he and the leader walked closer to the woman, her daughter and her husband.

"DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!"

"Hurry up, if you can’t then let me be the one!"

All the people were shouting from the crowd.

Vritra silently teleported the whole place into his Dimensional book.

A big part of forest was shifted without anyone noticing.

Then he raised the knife, looking into the eyes of the woman who was constantly pleading and crying and finally he brought the knife down in a swift slash.

WHOOSH

Two arms were cut off clean and flew in the air.

At this moment everyone had turned silent, and then heart wrenching screams of the leader filled the whole place.

Vritra didn’t stop.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...