Chapter 512 A Delicacy [R-18]

The lewd moan of the dragoness rang out in the underground room, her body sinfully wriggling under Vritra.

Sucking her sweet creamy skin, Vritra left bite marks all over her neck and shoulders, marking up her flawless body.

"Nnggghhh~ Aaaah~" Yasmine couldn't stop herself from moving as Vritra's lips moved from her neck to her cleavage.

While his hands continued to rub against her smooth skin, moving from her back to her soft squishy ass cheeks and then to her thighs.

Pausing for a moment, he glanced at her delicious-looking buds; the pink nipples were slightly harder after rubbing against his skin earlier.

"Wifey, thank you for the meal." After speaking, Vritra munched down on one of her nipples.

The sweetness of her nipple filled his mouth even though there was no milk; the bud pressed against his tongue, his lips wrapped around her areola.

"Mmmm~ Hubbyyyy ooooh~" She hugged his head, feeling his tongue wrapping and pressing against her nipple.

All breath left her body as Vritra suddenly bit down on the sensitive nipple, feeling it turn hard against his tongue.

Then he began to suck on it gently, squeezing with his lips and rolling the nipple around with his tongue.

How great would it have been if there really was milk in such magnificent breasts? Just the thought made him thirsty.

Enjoying the taste, he suckled on the hard pink nipple, his teeth and tongue constantly torturing it.

After a few minutes of pleasurable torture, he moved to the other nipple; he wasn't going to play favorites after all.

"Haa Haa Hnngggg~" Yasmine was breathing heavily, pleasure flooding her senses, but she wanted more. Hugging his head tighter, she pushed more of her boob into his mouth.

"H-Hubby, aaah~ harder Mmmm~ Y-Yes…"

Urged by her sexy voice, Vritra doubled down on the force and speed, sucking even harder as he moved back and forth between the two buds.

Then he pulled the breasts together and stuffed both her nipples into his mouth, sucking them at the same time.

SLURP SLURP

After dozens of minutes, Vritra finally pulled back, his mouth connected to her slightly swollen nipples by a thread of saliva.

Without stopping, Vritra kissed the side of her right breast before stuffing his face between the two soft mountains.

Feeling the tender flesh against his skin, the extreme softness, Vritra felt like he was drowning.

Then kissing along the way, Vritra held the side of her waist and kissed her belly, licking up her smooth skin.

SLURP

Pulling her skin into his mouth, he sucked, sending a shiver across her body.

"Mmmph!"

Vritra rubbed his face against her belly; the skin was so soft and smooth. He took several bites of the white cream.

His tongue slid down her belly, pausing briefly over her belly button. Circling around the hole, Vritra played with it for a few moments before continuing.

He had to fulfill his wife's wish; after all, a happy wife means a happy life.

"Wifey, get ready to go through one hell of an experience." Vritra said as he sat back up.

Hearing his words, Yasmine opened her eyes and looked at him with anticipation.

He was now going to fulfill her request, which meant he was going to eat her out.

Just imagining his mouth over her vagina made the dragoness rub her thighs together.

Placing his palms over her skin, he gently rubbed and squeezed her thicc, creamy thighs, caressing from her knees and slowly moving towards her nether regions.

As his fingers and palms came in contact with her inner thighs, a current ran across her body.

He enjoyed squeezing and rubbing her thighs; then he gently pulled them apart as the wonderful sight of her pussy finally came into view.

"Haa, so beautiful…" Vritra muttered unconsciously as the tip of his finger touched her soft petals, just under her small sensitive clitoris.

Those jelly-like petals felt smooth and delicate; each touch made her body tremble.

"Hnnnnn~ Haaaa" Feeling his fingers caress her labia, Yasmine felt something warm flow out of the entrance.

It felt a little tingly, and she wanted Vritra to remove this strange itch, but the more his fingers caressed, the more the itch increased outside and inside her pussy.

She raised her head slightly and saw Vritra sitting between her thighs, his gaze fixed on her vagina and his fingers caressing the entrance.

The dragoness bit her lip; she was actually feeling a little shy, being touched and stared at in her sacred place.

But her body belonged to him; she wanted him to touch more, eat her pussy, and do much more.

Vritra continued to run his fingers along her petals; he glanced up as their eyes met.

There was a clear blush on her face; she was biting her lip and shivering at his touch. Seeing this, Vritra became even more excited.

Without even doing anything, the dragoness somehow knew how to get her man more excited.

After a few moments, his gaze returned to her vagina—it looked so beautiful, so pure; her cute, creamy petals perfectly hid her insides.

Yasmine's pussy looked like an absolutely delicious dish; even the scent emanating from it was so enchanting. Vritra took several long breaths.

It was like the mixture of some fragrant flower along with vanilla; it was hard to describe, but it was just so perfect.

Placing his thumbs on either side of her petals, Vritra gently pulled them apart and saw the wet and pink walls that twitched slightly under his gaze; the sight was so tantalizing that his mouth came down before he even knew it.

"Nnggghhhh~ ~ aaannnnnggg~ Yessss Oooooh hubby, haaaaa a- ahhhh~" Yasmine's back arched up, her chest thrusting into the air as wild pleasure filled her being.

Getting eaten felt so good? And he was yet to even start properly; the dragoness wanted to feel everything his other women had and more.

She wanted his tongue to go into her vagina, lick her insides, and even wanted him to use that skill to increase the tongue's length.

Vritra too found himself lost in the pleasure, his lips pressed against the entrance.

Her lower lips felt incredibly soft; Vritra kissed them lightly at first, then he pulled one vertical lip into his mouth and sucked on it as he sensed the pulsing of her insides.

Without hurrying, Vritra kissed the two soft petals to his heart's content; he even nibbled on them, making Yasmine's toes curl as her fists clenched.

Her eyes were closed as she let herself be drowned in the madness of pleasure.

With his thumbs, he pulled apart her labia gently.

Then pulling his wet lips away from her vagina, he looked down and saw her clitoris and the folds of her pussy; the fragrant love juices had already started to secrete out of her cave.

Yasmine felt the strongest current run across her form as Vritra's lips wrapped around her clitoris; he flicked it with the tip of his tongue and sucked on it, even biting it lightly with his front teeth.

"Ahhhhhhhh~ T-That feels Mmmm~ so wonderful hubbyyyy d-don't stopppp hnnnnnn~"

Yasmine's mind and body were flooded with pleasure—she never expected her clitoris to be so sensitive; her mind had instantly turned blank.

❖❖❖