Chapter 349: Expensive... or not?

『

Fields:

-Strength: 4%

-Agility: 4%

-Endurance: 4%

-Mental: 6%

-Soul: 7%

-Dust Manipulation: 3%

-Null: 0%

Palette Droplet: 0

{1Palette Droplet: 2 million Sin points.}

(Note: 1 Palette Droplet could increase the comprehension of any of the recorded Fields by 1%.)

』

Vritra was speechless for a few minutes; he didn’t know whether to be happy or angry. Finally, he muttered:

"Damn, so expensive?!!"

He would have to spend two hundred million Sin Points just to complete the comprehension of Null, but Yasmine’s words made him happier.

"Whoa, so you can have more than one field?!! Hubby, that’s cheating on a whole another level, and you could even bring them to perfection.

Don’t complain without knowing how difficult it is to understand and comprehend the field.

As I said, very, very few could ever reach perfection, so even 200 million Sin Points is a cheap price to pay for something like that," Yasmine said in exasperation; she seemed dozens of times more shocked than Vritra.

"Oh, well, I guess gathering Sin Points isn’t that difficult for now. Yeah, yeah, I am satisfied; calm down, wifey." Vritra said, putting aside the matter of the Sin Points—this thing was too awesome.

With enough Sin Points, he could even comprehend ten or more Fields. Thinking again, Vritra was really overjoyed.

"Finally, the problem of the Field has been resolved; this is great." Vritra spoke.

"Congrats, hubby. Sigh, the world would be shocked if they were to know you had comprehended so many fields, so as you already know, you should keep it a secret like all your other abilities." Yasmine stated the obvious, even more excited about her husband’s future.

’With this done, now there is only the matter of the evolution of my Divine bloodline and physique remains... sigh, why am I growing so fast? It’s hard to keep track of things.’ Vritra sighed, suffering from success.

But the next place was going to be several times more dangerous, so he had to grow as much as possible before leaving the Topaz continent.

Vritra decided to try the Field Palette later; he needed to think about which field he should focus on first after all. As for evolution, he would do it after taking care of all the intruders.

For now, he decided to help with the cleanup of the demons, cultists, and the gang members; he would just let his women take the kills while delivering heavy blows just like Yennefer.

Along with the king, they quickly cleaned up the whole kingdom. Few of them were able to escape, but most were killed; finally, the Slave Beast Gang was wiped out.

It took nearly the entire night, and by morning, the White Kingdom was finally free.

Thanks to Slave Beast Gang, the death count was quite low—if it was a full-blown war, deaths would have been way higher, but now they had captured most to turn them into slaves.

Vritra hovered in the air along with Fiona, Vanessa, Diana, and Yennefer.

The five of them were just about to go and meet with the king, though Chopper was busy with the kingdom’s matter right now.

"You must have gained enough experience points to bring you to the 3rd Legion rank. Now we only need the Legion stones." Vritra mumbled while scanning the three women.

"..." Yennefer was about to offer the Legion stones to Vritra, but seeing the women’s affectionate gazes, she felt jealous and just remained silent; she would need more time to get used to this.

"Uhm, Empress, aren’t you leaving?" Fiona asked, seeing that Yennefer just stood there as if she was a part of their group.

"No—" just as Yennefer was about to answer, the gazes of the people were attracted toward the sky where a figure wrapped in black smoke flew at a speed that could easily match Yennefer’s top speed.

Vritra focused and barely managed to see two red eyes that scanned the place before flying away; even the lingering presence was quite heavy.

"I FOUND YOU!!" The air around Yennefer changed all of a sudden; without wasting a moment, she flew away, chasing after the disappearing figure.

"And here she goes..." Vritra mumbled, her hatred for demons was truly unprecedented. Ignoring her, he spoke: "I will explain everything that happened later; first, let’s go meet the king."

The Empress seemed to have forgotten everything as she chased after the demon lord with intense killing intent, only the thought of slaughtering the demon lord remaining in her mind.

Vritra could understand that she must hate demons because of some bad past experience, but he didn’t like that level of obsessiveness; it could be harmful for her and the people around her.

So he decided to just ignore her for now and later.

He had started to like her, but if she doesn’t change, then it would just be impossible for them to ever be together in the future.

He felt relieved that none of the three were hurt in the demon war. While flying towards the castle, they shared how it all began.

Initially, the kingdom’s army was able to handle those demons for a few days, but when the Slave Beast Gang targeted the kingdom from inside and even used the citizens’ lives, the army had no choice but to give up any sort of resistance.

All of them were captured peacefully with only a few casualties, and so the demons, Bone Blood Cult, Nine Pacts, and the gang obtained so many humans who could be used as test subjects, slaves, or any other purpose.

Vritra also explained how he got trapped in a realm where his strength had disappeared, also telling them about his time with the Empress.

"Honey, if she hates demons so much, will she accept you? B- But if she tries to hurt you, then I will..." Vanessa spoke, but there wasn’t really much she could do against the Empress.

"I will just turn her entire family into mindless creatures." She added after thinking.

Finally, the three women felt satisfied with their growth; they were already at the peak of 1st Legion rank and only needed the Legion stones to reach the 3rd Legion rank.

"Don’t worry, I will be careful, but I don’t think it will be possible to remove that hatred from her heart. Anyway, have you been comprehending your fields?" Vritra asked, gazing into the distance.

"Yeah, comprehending my Holy field is rather easy for me; I guess perks of being a goddess." Diana said proudly. If she had really tried to grow, then her strength would be a lot higher by now.

"I am working on it as well, though it’s a little difficult, but because of the inheritance I received, comprehending my Field wouldn’t be too hard." Fiona answered.

"Well, my progress is slow and I am trying to understand it better, but I feel like my comprehension is still lacking." Vanessa added with a sigh; she also didn’t like the feeling of getting left behind.

"Mm hmm, I understand, Mom; it seems we need to train more so you can comprehend it more deeply." Vritra suggested with a smile, but he knew they needed to know more about succubus so that her progression could be faster.

"Sure, honey, I was actually missing our training sessions." Vanessa added, with a knowing smile, looking extremely seductive just like the hottest succubus alive.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...