Chapter 396: Lust- Check!

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!

Darius hurriedly grabbed Griffith’s head and covered himself in a barrier as the vast destructive energy swallowed the entire newly built palace, once again breaking it down until nothing was left.

All the people were blasted away but with the strong guards’ protection, at least no one had died.

"NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!" Darius held Griffith’s head as endless grief filled him.

This was the one promise he had made to his father when getting the throne, although there wasn’t any brotherly love between the two but he didn’t hate his brother either.

Despite Griffith doing all sorts of things, he was only alive because of Darius; he believed it to be a duty just as important as being an emperor.

But now he had failed, killing intent rose around him as he let out a blood-curdling scream.

He wanted to kill whoever was responsible for this; it was obvious the other person was trying to provoke him, otherwise they wouldn’t have killed Griffith in such a manner.

***

[You have killed Pseudo Lord ranked human.]

[You have levelled up.]

[You have levelled up.]

[You have levelled up.]

...

[+Exp]

[+Exp]

[+Exp]

...

[All Attributes have increased by 50.]

[All Attributes have increased by 50.]

[All Attributes have increased by 50.]

...

[You have gained 50 Allocation Points.]

[You have gained 50 Allocation Points.]

[You have gained 50 Allocation Points.]

...

Message after message poured in front of Vritra the moment Griffith died; he had instantly reached the peak of the 5th Legion rank and then needed the empty legion stones to break through.

Griffith’s strength was definitely higher than a general, but above that Vritra had no idea; he decided to learn about it all from Yasmine later.

Still floating in the air, the majestic aura swirling around his body and the two horns making him look like the ruler of all demonic beings.

His gaze locked onto the three beings who were still shivering; they couldn’t believe that it was the same person they wanted to turn into their slave.

"Come out!" Vritra called out, his voice sounding cold and emotionless.

"M- My lord, please spare us. We are innocent- I mean we are the bad guys, we are on the same team." The one-eyed demon hastily jumped forward and prostrated himself on the ground.

His two underlings followed behind, shivering in fear.

"..." Vritra stared at the three for a few seconds and couldn’t think of a reason to spare them; raising his right hand he shot three orbs of energies that swallowed the three.

Hellmancer took form once again and swallowed the three souls; unlike Vritra, it didn’t need any soul stones or anything.

The sorcerer’s strength was already nearly equivalent to Griffith’s.

Familiar messages popped in front of Vritra; he could feel his body strengthen at a rapid pace.

"..." On the other side, Maeve was staring at him with wide, intoxicated eyes, her tail swinging quickly from left to right.

’H- He protected me just now with his life! Oof He looks so dazzling...’ the fox demon just stared at him absent-mindedly, growing fonder of him by the second.

"Are you okay?" Vritra asked, seeing her make such a strange expression.

’Oh my, he is still worried about me. Hehe it seems my evil plan has almost succeeded.’ Maeve shook her head as a big beautiful smile formed on her face.

"Yes masterrr~ I am perfectly fine, do you want to continue with the training or should we go back so I can give you a nice and long bath?"

Maeve asked, flying closer. Her charms can definitely be compared to the most gorgeous succubus; with her body she could even charm gods.

But despite seeing the clear meaning, Vritra refused to develop any more relations; he just doesn’t want to go through all that all over again.

"Let’s keep fighting, attack me with full strength, don’t hold back at all." Vritra said, turning the Switch off as all the purple energy disappeared.

"Okay master~" Maeve was no longer worried over hurting him, and so in the next moment she began to attack him with her strongest attacks.

***

A few hours had passed when Vritra and Maeve finally stopped; the demoness was panting lightly after having exhausted quite a bit of energy.

[Charged Fist: 13.82%]

Despite getting hit by so many of her attacks, the charge has only risen so much; Vritra did want to test it but he decided to keep on accumulating it.

"Return to that hotel, I will come meet you later on." Vritra said; he planned to visit the city of charms, wishing to spend some time with Fiona and Diana.

"H- Huh? You are leaving already? Again? Let’s go to the hotel first, you shouldn’t return home looking like this." Maeve suggested, since Vritra was still covered in blood.

She had noticed it; he seemed completely different from before, almost as if he had built a wall around him to keep everyone away.

That playful, approachable nature was locked under his cold exterior.

Vritra looked down at himself and he indeed was covered in blood; while beating up the prince, his only focus was to vent all his anger.

But he could also tell that the demoness might have started to have feelings for him.

"Sigh It would be best for both of us if we don’t get close; we will be parting ways very soon anyways and might end up as enemies in the future." He spoke, his trust literally at level 0.

At least his best friend, Zengis’s girl, is loyal.

"Hmm Why do you say that?" Maeve asked, a pondering look on her face.

"... Do you like me or anything?" Vritra asked directly; it was better to deal with the problem initially than to let it grow.

"Like you?" the demoness wondered; she hadn’t really thought about it yet.

First she thought what liking and loving even is.

I lust after him- Check!

Enjoy my time with him- Check!

Eye Candy- Check!

I feel protected and safe, and feel attracted- Check!

He has a hot body- Check!

Lust- Check again!

After a thorough contemplation, she was perfectly sure that it was nothing less than true love.

"Yes master~ I love you, are you going to punish me for that?" Maeve asked, while imagining the sinful punishment.

"It’s not so simple, you know just how much danger is revolving around me, not to mention I have other women-" while he was speaking the foxie interrupted.

"There is a rule among us demons and that is, we don’t follow any rules. Especially me, if I like something I take it.

Whether it be the family heirloom of the empress’s family or a man, and I don’t mind you having multiple women since it isn’t a rarity among the demons, just don’t create an army of women."

Maeve added, as long as she could get some personal time, what else would matter.

Vritra shook his head; this foxie was so much different from all his women, no matter the question all her answers seemed to end at the same point.

"Anyway, do you have Empty Legion stones?" he asked.

"Yes, I have all up to the 10th Legion rank, you can take them." Maeve answered immediately.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...