Chapter 418: The Perfect Home

Vritra sat lazily on the comfortable chair, eating and drinking without a care in the world, only if the others knew that he was the centre of all the chaos.

’It should be about time.’ As he finished eating, Vritra stood up and put the chair away before stretching his body.

"Sir, at what strength level are you at?" One of the soldiers looked at Vritra with shiny eyes and questioned; it was his dream to join the Golden Moon.

"At the general rank." Vritra replied, while chatting with Yasmine.

"Oh! Thank you for answering." After bowing, he went back towards his group, looking excited and downcast at the same time.

...

Few more minutes passed and finally several figures became visible in the sky. Within moments, nearly twenty figures landed in front of the temple.

The temple guards and soldiers all bowed, their hearts trembling in nervousness as the human emperor appeared in front of them.

This was the first time any of them were seeing him from so up close; it was like a dream.

Even Vritra was meeting the emperor for the first time, so he too observed Darius.

The emperor’s presence really put a huge pressure on everyone there; without even doing anything, his strength was even higher than Red, most probably.

"..." Darius glanced around.

After looking at Ziggy, his gaze got fixed on Vritra. He observed the Golden Moon’s agent for a few moments then questioned: "You were the one to send me this?"

"Yes." Vritra had a faint smile on his face, though he really wished to smash that annoying face of the emperor, but now was not the right time.

Darius was quite shocked after reading the content of the scroll, since Vritra had made some big promises, something that no one in his entire palace could do.

"You said you can help me calm the public and make the situation better? You would even help me kill Raelion? And you might even succeed in finding Red?"

Darius questioned, his tone still filled with doubts.

Vritra looked as calm as ever. He ignored the sin points messages and nodded.

Normally he wouldn’t have said all that but with his status, even the emperor wouldn’t kill him for no reason.

"Yes, I can do all that, if you could fulfil a few small requests like providing me with a place that could fit a vast amount of people.

You should order as many people as possible to come there, and just remove the curfew." He spoke confidently.

"Haha Those are some wild claims and well, I can agree to those requests but what if you fail? Even if you are an agent from the Golden Moon, I can’t just trust anyone, this might just lead us into more chaos."

Darius said, but at this point, he would agree to any kind of suggestion, except that minister’s ones.

"If I fail then my knife and your throat- no wait, your throat and my knife- and I will personally ask the Golden Moon to interfere with the continent’s situation.

I am sure that will be of great help, right?" Vritra spoke, he didn’t seem affected even while talking to the emperor directly.

Darius ignored his joke, after thinking for a moment, he asked: "Show me your emblem, why would you be going out of your way to help the continent?

Aren’t you also from the Golden Moon, do they even know you are helping us?"

Vritra tossed his emblem and said: "Sigh My mother and I used to live in this continent, then I had to leave and she was left alone here. And when I returned she..."

"I am sorry to hear that." Han consoled him, looking at him with warmth.

"Shut up, she is alive. When I returned, she asked me to do something about this stupid curfew." Vritra added.

Emperor shook his head. He already understood this Agent’s personality and knew just how to control him.

He gave the emblem back and glanced back at his ministers and advisors, then gesturing them, they flew high into the sky.

They talked for a few minutes and then returned.

"Alright, I agree to your requests but there is too much going on here currently in the Ghazi city so I will have the people here evacuate to nearby city, the Cloud city. You can try it there."

Darius spoke, he had his own plans behind this arrangement.

Vritra took a few moments to think then nodded:

"Sure that is fine by me, it would be great if this is done by today, so I can start tomorrow. And I promise, I will have another great surprise for you."

"Okay, you better not disappoint me." Darius nodded and flew away along with all the others.

If Vritra could really do the things he had promised then many of his problems could truly be solved.

’Maybe Raelion’s death could finally attract Yennefer’s attention, sigh just how come everything is breaking apart all of a sudden?’ He thought.

The emperor didn’t have too much confidence in Vritra.

But even if he failed, he would be able to get the Golden Moon’s help, so he really won’t be making a loss here.

Vritra moved the pig into one of his Dimensional book’s pages then he glanced back and said: "I will return your treasures after getting them from him, don’t worry."

"Thank you, sir!" The guards nodded, as Vritra flew away.

...

First he went to meet with Maeve; he needed to deliver this news to her after all.

Then he planned to go meet Diana and Fiona since he might not be visiting them for a while.

After flying for a while, he teleported directly inside the hotel room where the fox demon was lying on the bed and reading some book with full focus.

"Foxie," Vritra called out, as Maeve’s body jerked and then the book fell onto her face. She hurriedly put it away and looked at him with a smile.

"M- M- Master, you are back! Did you succeed?" She asked, hoping that Vritra hadn’t seen what the book was about.

"Yeah, I have captured Ziggy. But there is a slight change, we will be moving to the Cloud city tonight, be ready." Vritra replied.

"Okay master~" Maeve nodded, feeling relieved since his normal behaviour.

"I will return in a while, and you don’t need to learn those sort of things from a book, just ask me and I can personally teach you." Vritra said with a chuckle as he turned and disappeared.

"H- He saw it?!!" Maeve buried her face into the pillow, feeling really embarrassed. But his words also gave her dirty mind a lot to imagine.

...

It didn’t take Vritra long to arrive at the city of Charms.

If possible he would have loved to bring Fiona, Diana and his mother along but this place was the safest for them now.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +36}

{Sin Point Gained: Entranced +42}

{Sin Point Gained: Liked +45}

...

Right after entering, message after message began to pop in front of him.

"This place isn’t too bad to settle down, wherever I look, it is so full of greenery, right wifey?" Vritra asked, heading towards Diana’s lab.

"Yes yes, so much greenery, it will help you breathe in better oxygen. But try asking others, if they like this oxygen hehe" Yasmine played along.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...