Chapter 410: Continental Crisis

"What are you still dawdling here for? Get lost already!!" Maeve shouted. This bunch of idiots almost ended her relationship with Vritra after all.

Maeve gave further orders: "Also, just return home and don’t tell anyone about my current situation or anything you saw here."

"Y- Yes Queen, we will be careful." Xi spoke in a daze and finally the group left.

"Master, what have you planned for Ziggy? Do you want him to get arrested while stealing the statue?" Maeve was really curious about Vritra’s plan.

She knew very little about him so she wasn’t sure of how he handled things.

"No, it is time for Ringmaster Daddy V to return." Vritra replied, smiling faintly as he gazed into the distance.

"Hmm?" The demoness tilted her head in confusion. Only after Vritra explained his plan did she finally understand how evil of a man she had chosen for herself.

"Hehe. That’s so wonderful, master. Mmm~ I love you..." Maeve wondered how many times this man was going to make her fall for him. She gave a hard kiss on his cheek and then licked her lips.

Being so close to him, she finally focused on the smell that she had been ignoring for so long.

GULP

"M- Master, if you don’t mind, can I eat you?" Maeve asked. She really wanted to have a taste of his blood again.

"...Okay, but you-" Before Vritra could say, Maeve pulled his cloth to expose more of his neck then she pressed her lips against his warm smooth skin, giving a sweet kiss.

Fangs grew in her mouth and finally she bit, though she used an ability of hers to bypass his defenses, and then the warm and delicious blood of her master flooded into her mouth.

GULP GULP

She sucked harder, savoring each drop of the tasty treat while hugging him tightly. Previously she had only gotten a sip but this was thousands of times better than she expected.

The demoness couldn’t stop herself from drinking.

But with his eternal vitality, the draining of so much blood had no effect on him.

He allowed her to drink the blood for a while then tapping over her head he spoke:

"That’s enough."

Maeve’s lips separated from his neck in reluctance. She licked his skin one last time before stepping back and enjoying the aftertaste.

"I am so full of energy, are we going to continue with the training?" she asked, licking her lips, her gaze even more obsessed.

"Yeah, we still have some time." Vritra nodded and once again, the fox demon began to strike him with all her might.

There were no further disturbances. Ziggy began to contact his father’s hidden forces to obtain more information about this treasure.

Remembering how Maeve asked for his help, the piggy wanted to steal it himself and become her hero.

After freeing her, he would definitely let his father kill Vritra for putting his hand on her.

Xi and other demons returned to the Voromir kingdom, and didn’t let any news about Maeve out.

Even though Raelion and a few others tried asking about her, they just made up random excuses like they weren’t able to find her.

Whether it was the queen, Raelion or most of the other demons in that realm, none of them really cared for her.

Though the three demon generals wanted to go search for her, they preferred to rather serve Maeve than the current sloth queen or idiotic Raelion.

The three were also worried about Vritra. They had seen that announcement as well and knew how much trouble he must be in.

But since he didn’t try to contact them, it was impossible for them to find his location. The three prayed that both Maeve and her supposed father should be alright.

...

Even inside the Quartz continent, things were only becoming more chaotic. Kryn, the leader of the Grieves, had started to make appearances all over the place.

Demons and other dark organisations were doing the same, each with their own hidden motives, which was putting all the people of the continent in terror.

Even with the curfew, it was becoming exceedingly difficult to control the crowd, even though Darius is a strict ruler but even he couldn’t just beat or kill so many of his own subjects.

The emperor was already depressed by the fact that Yennefer had cancelled that arrangement and made those choices.

She even abandoned her family so now there was no way to control her.

Darius felt he was too impatient, he regretted the whole fake marriage setup, it had brought all his progress to zero.

But it was too late. First he had to take back the control of the continent and then take care of his love life.

His own brother was killed in such a manner, every matter gave him intense headache.

He hadn’t even been able to see Yennefer ever since that night. The emperor couldn’t understand what could have changed her so much.

Her attachment with her family, her obsession with strength and demons were the only things he could use to get closer to her but now it was all useless.

Sitting over his throne, he rubbed his forehead and tried to think of a solution to at least calm the people of his kingdom.

Everything seemed to be out of control and order.

A long distance away inside the continent, high up in the sky, Yennefer flew at a normal pace.

She wanted to find Vritra but he seemed to have completely disappeared. With each passing day, the pain in her heart increased.

She yearned for his warmth, to hear his voice and to hide in his arms and to once again get what she had accidentally pushed away, Yennefer was ready to do anything.

She was also trying her best to get him out of his whole predicament, but even her strength wasn’t enough to contend against so many opponents.

Yennefer wasn’t even able to control the Null ability properly yet, but remembering the night they had separated, she could clearly tell that he had teleported away.

So his control and comprehension of Null was definitely a lot better than hers. He truly is too exceptional.

Just as she was passing by an area of old broken buildings, she caught the sight of a familiar person.

It was Pink but before she could have called out, his appearance changed right in front of her and he transformed into a high ranked member of the Nine Pacts.

Yennefer was shocked, but without raising an alarm she decided to secretly follow him. Unknown to her, it was the clone sent by the Bone Blood Cult to gather information.

...

Several hours passed just like that. It was already evening. Finally, Vritra decided to end the training session.

[Charged Fist: 26.16%]

"Well this is increasing steadily, I guess we will have to train for a few more days to raise it to a hundred." Vritra mumbled as he saw the system panel.

"Uwaah I am so sleepy, master, can we go back already?" Maeve asked rubbing her eye, her tail appearing just as lazy.

"Yeah, let’s go. We need to be well rested for tomorrow’s event." Vritra spoke, but Maeve seemed too tired after exhausting nearly all her energy.

"...Foxie come here." Vritra turned his back to her and called out. Maeve sleepily got closer and slumped onto his back.

Her arms circled around his neck while he held her thighs. Within moments the demoness fell asleep, feeling comfortable and safe.

Vritra glanced back, finding the demoness way too cute. After having his fill he flew up.

With Psyche following Ziggy around, he was keeping a constant eye on that pig demon, even getting to see their various hideouts.

It was just around 6 in the evening and the place seemed so quiet, but this quietness didn’t represent peace.

Unseen by anyone, the two quickly arrived at their hotel and teleported directly inside the room.

He gently put Maeve on the bed and laid down beside her. The fox had a habit of rolling around on the bed in her sleep.

Her leg moved to rest on top of his while she hugged Vritra. Even in her sleep, she seemed to try to bite his neck.

Vritra shook his head and closed his eyes. Even though getting beaten for the entire day wasn’t painful, it was a bit tiring.

Feeling Maeve’s soft body pressing against him, he fell asleep in a few minutes, drowning into the dream world.

...

Nearly seven hours had passed, and it was an hour past midnight.

Vritra’s eyes opened in alarm as he sat up, almost throwing Maeve away. Getting untangled from the demoness’s tight bindings he got off the bed.

Rage flashed across his eyes, and in the next moment he disappeared from the room.

Just now, he received a danger signal from Hellmancer. While patrolling the land around Charm city, the soul wraith had captured a shady man.

And after a short interrogation with the help of mind manipulation spells, Hellmancer found that it was someone from the Bone Blood Cult.

Vritra flew at full speed, his anger bursting out of his body in the form of demonic aura, suddenly turning the temperature of the entire Ghazi city colder.

Within moments, he arrived outside the continent where the captured man had been dragged by Hellmancer.

Landing on the ground with an explosive sound, Vritra looked at Hellmancer and questioned: "Where is he?!"

"Master," the sorcerer bowed and with a tap of his staff on the ground, a man tied by black shadows submerged out of the ground, even his mouth was shut tight.

Terror could be seen in his eyes.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...