Chapter 710 Poor Lord

A brutal scene took place as the corpses of the assassins lay in pieces.

None of them were wearing the black ring that everyone in this city was wearing.

He was told that if he even thought of doing anything bad, he would be teleported outside of the city.

Of course Vritra or his family didn't wear those rings, who knows what tricks they might be hiding.

And since these people weren't wearing those rings, there was a high chance they were really Magna's people.

'In any case, that Magna must be behind this. Looks like I will have to go visit him.'

Throwing the corpses dozens of kilometres away, Vritra flew in the direction of Magna's house.

Arriving there within minutes, he kicked open the door, waking the lord with a start.

He was wearing sleepwear and was sleeping with several women surrounding him, most were the maids from earlier.

The women ran away in fear, Vritra didn't bother with them.

"You were the one who sent those assassins to kill me right?" Vritra asked, stopping before Magna.

"W- What are you talking about? I didn't do anything!!" he shouted, looking around as dozens of guards ran towards the room.

Vritra just created a blood shield around them, stopping them from entering.

"I was hesitating but thanks for giving me a reason to kill you." Vritra said, raising his right hand as a blood sword started to form in his hand.

"No wait wait, if you kill me the bubble will be destroyed!! Everyone here will die, I really didn't try to kill you, please believe me!!" he actually began to cry, begging.

"How long will this bubble last without you?" Vritra asked, lowering the sword.

"Only a few months then they all will die."

Seeing hope, Magna spoke quickly, his heart was thumping wildly.

He had seen Vritra's strength earlier in the day, so he didn't even dare to retaliate or even think of anything.

'W- Who the fuck attacked him? Why is he trying to kill me? Why me? I even apologized SOB' Magna was truly confused, he hadn't done anything bad to Vritra.

"That's enough." Vritra said as he swung his hand and cleanly cut off his head, there was still an expression of shock and fear on his face.

Several messages popped before Vritra's eyes, he obtained the ability and ascension path of Magna.

The Bubble and Steal, Vritra read about it. There was not much about the bubble, based on his strength he could create the same bubble.

Which would protect everyone inside from all sorts of things and the duration also depends on his strength.

The Steal was what surprised him.

Those rings were actually being used to steal away all the mutation progress of all the people in the city.

No wonder even without doing anything he was getting stronger.

And so many people in the city were not awakened, even if they ate mutant flesh, all the mutation progress would be stolen instantly.

But he wasn't really harming them in other ways.

'So it was his lust that led him to his demise in the end.' Vritra thought, he just disappeared as the blood barrier disappeared.

The men who were trying to destroy it all rushed in and were shaken upon seeing the corpse of their lord.

Their faces were full of tears, as they fell to their knees and began to mourn his death.

They were filled with sadness and fear, without the lord the city would be destroyed, what would happen to them all now?

They have to catch the killer and kill him first.

Vritra returned to the building his family was staying at but right as he got close, he noticed three figures outside.

Frowning he got closer and found that two were Shitless and Monk, the third was a young guy in a black outfit.

He seemed to be one of the assassins.

"What's wrong?" Vritra asked as he softly landed.

"This bastard was trying to sneak into my room and wanted to kill me in my sleep." Shitless cursed.

But the assassin, who was pretty young and clearly not as well trained as the ones who were killed earlier, was crying and begging.

"Sigh There is no point now, your lord is already dead." Vritra said, he planned to create another bubble that would last even longer before leaving.

He could do at least that much for the people here and without their mutation energy getting stolen they would get stronger slowly.

"Huh? No way, you are lying, no one can kill lord Asmodeus! Y- You liar, SOB let me go or he will come here to attack you!!" the young assassin shouted.

Vritra: "…"

"Ass what? Magna has a different name? What do you mean?" a thought appeared in Vritra's mind which he didn't want to believe.

"Lord Asmodeus, he is very powerful, way more powerful than this rat Magna!! If you know what's better for you SOB let me go or he will come here himself!!" he threatened.

"Cough Let me get this straight, you are a member of that group of assassins?" Vritra asked.

"Yes I am, SOB I just sneaked behind them. I am not an assassin, I wanted to just see this place SOB Please spare me or you will die!" he begged and threatened at the same time.

Vritra ignored his words and just focused on the answer, so they were from the same group.

"And you were sent here by some guy named Asmodeus not Magna?" he asked, scratching his cheek.

"Of course, do you think that scaredy cat would try to kill you? Hmph only our lord Asmodeus is worthy to kill everyone! Please let me live…" he added, pulling his snot back into his nose.

Vritra covered his face with his palm, so he killed the wrong guy?

'Divine, what happens if I can't kill a player or two?' Vritra asked, this was the question he should have asked in the beginning.

He would have asked it before killing Magna but he was just too angry just now because of the assassination incident.

"Well the more you kill the better, but your main task is reaching that tower. If you can kill more than five that would be great, killing all will be the best." Divine replied.

Vritra sighed loudly, so even if he spared this guy, things would have been fine?

"But why did your lord want to kill us?" Vritra asked, putting the issue of Magna to the back of his mind for now.

"I- I won't speak, I am an assassin in training SOB tear me, beat me, kill me, you can't make me open my mouth-" the young man spoke fearfully.

"Haa Shitless, make him speak." Vritra said lazily, his mood was already spoiled.

"Alright pitiful one, leave this bastard to me." Shitless grinned, pulling his belt away.

"W- What are you planning to do?" he was completely terrified as he saw Shitless pull the belt away.

He had heard of the sexual torture people might do to assassins once they are caught, seeing the red mutant he was so scared that he ended up peeing.

"I- I will speak, I will speak. Stop this monster SOB please, don't make him take his pants off, I will tell everything."

He shouted quickly, afraid that Shitless might take out his torturing tool and hit him.

Shitless was confused, he was just going to hit him with the belt, why was this guy so scared?

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...