Chapter 560 Bloodbath

Vritra teleported out of the Yate realm, whatever might be the threat she was facing, it far surpassed the lord rank.

In less than an instant, Vritra was back to the dragon kingdom. Because he had his doubts about the dragons, he had left behind a knight and a Hellmancer there to keep an eye.

But it seemed Yasmine never got here.

Arriving right outside the palace, he rushed towards the houses of all the dragon elders.

With a snap, all of them appeared before him, forcefully teleported out.

"Huh? What happened?" one of them fell back, it seemed he was in the middle of eating.

"How did I come here?!!" another one exclaimed, barely any clothes over his body.

Not wanting to waste even a moment, Vritra spoke in a loud voice: "WHERE IS YASMINE?"

"E- Empress? W- We know nothing about her…" one of the elders spoke, while he looked strangely at the other council members.

Dago's father was not there, he was completely in Vritra's control but it seemed he knew nothing about it.

Or he must have been kept out of it all.

"Y- Yeah, we asked the Empress to come here to help us with a problem but… she never arrived here." Another member added.

Vritra's anger was increasing with each passing second, the entire dragon realm suddenly started quaking.

An aura that made everyone present there shudder spread, the ground started cracking while buildings collapsed.

The sky turned dark and a chaotic energy spread all over.

"I am giving you the last chance or I will erase the entire dragon race!" Vritra suddenly flashed in front of one of the lords.

Both his hands moved up, clutching his head, his thumbs pierced into his eyes and in the next moment, the head exploded in a mess of bone, flesh, and brain matter.

Then his body was torn apart, the physique got absorbed while the soul got eaten.

"TELL… ME…" Right after speaking, dozens of tentacles came out of his back, as they spread thousands of meters.

BOOOOOOM

Explosions started taking place all over the kingdom, the group had no chance of fighting back so they tried to flee.

But the moment one tried to even flinch, they exploded. The lords were getting killed just like that, now they were truly afraid.

Vritra's body started transforming, his skin covered by a mess of colors, transforming into a deadly energy.

Two big horns appeared over his head, the space buzzed dangerously as if the realm was about to collapse.

BANG

He stomped, sending forth a jolt that instantly killed two lords.

Vritra was going mad with rage, yet he was still calm enough.

He would have used psyche if he had time but there was no way he could check every single one of them.

He read the expressions of them all, when met with such a level of fear, there was no way they could hide their emotions.

All of them were afraid but a few of them looked especially suspicious, as if they were weighing their options.

Almost like they were deciding whether telling everything would guarantee their life.

"…" Without saying a word, Vritra flashed before one of them.

Time seemed to stop, his gaze seemed to pierce through the very soul of the person.

The third eye opened over his head, and flames of corruption instantly swallowed the dragon.

Screams of pain filled the entire place instantly, he tried to transform into a dragon but couldn't.

"Aahhhhhh make it stoppppp I will telllllll-"

"Don't do it, we would be-"

BOOOOOM!!

The council member who tried to stop him instantly exploded, Vritra only slightly decreased the flames of corruption.

"Tell me!" His voice had stopped resembling a human, the sight alone made all the surrounding dragons shiver and almost faint.

Who could have thought there was someone like this behind their Empress, had they known they would never have dared to mess up.

This devil, they couldn't tell who it really was but they had no chance against him.

"T- That way… towards the south gate of the continent." He said barely.

Vritra disappeared in the next moment, but one after another, all lords exploded and died right there.

Yet a colorless flame swallowed them and they all transformed into wraiths.

Vritra should have just done that from the beginning, for Yasmine he had let them live.

But in the end they betrayed her, Vritra wanted to make the whole dragon race disappear but that was not of the least importance right now.

Vritra extended his senses, trying to locate his wife but she was nowhere around or maybe her presence had been hidden by someone.

Teleporting directly, he arrived over the continent gate, Vritra looked around, scanning hundreds of kilometers but couldn't find anything.

"Could he have lied to me?"

Each second felt like a fight against time itself.

Calming himself for a moment, he tried to think.

Whoever it was, they had not killed Yasmine but had probably taken her away.

Even if he couldn't sense her presence, Vritra had a feeling she might not be on this planet anymore.

'Right, the spatial fluctuations…'

[Null Activated.]

Vritra instantly found himself in a strange realm where he could clearly see time and space.

But it was still not enough.

The field palette.

Without wasting a moment, Vritra poured sin points into the Null field which was just at 50% initially.

Filling up 50% at once was far too dangerous, yet Vritra had no choice or time right now.

In the next moment, a vast amount of knowledge rushed into his brain as his comprehension of the Null ability started to flare up.

Intense pain shot through Vritra's mind, this was the first time he had felt such pain in his head.

It really felt as if his body was just about to explode, far too painful.

His consciousness faded within moments as his body started falling down, bloody tears started leaking from his eyes.

[Cry Baby Activated.]

Suddenly Vritra's eyes shot open, a current of energy flooded into his body. He felt as if his strength had suddenly shot up, even his skills and mental strength seemed stronger.

But the pain was still so extreme, at least now he had some control over his body.

Contrary to his expectations, the skill Cry Baby was rather powerful, even the last time it was activated, it had helped him greatly.

A storm soon covered the continent, the energy around Vritra's body started to transform too.

Vritra once again activated Null, he now had completely comprehended this field, increasing its capability infinitely compared to before.

Just after a glance, Vritra was able to sense faint spatial fluctuations not too far away from the gate of the continent.

The figure made of blurry destructive energy suddenly flashed right before the fluctuations which seemed to be fading away.

He gripped the space tightly, and with all his might tore it apart, letting out a fiendish cry that made the whole continent shiver.

It seemed far more deadly than what many of them had sensed during the war.

Vritra went all out, his body entered the passage, moving so fast that time started to flow backwards.

Suddenly a bubble appeared before his eyes, he could sense familiar energy from it.

He was moving so fast that Vritra couldn't make sense of his surroundings, he just gripped the big bubble and with all his might pulled it back.

The passage started to crack and tremble.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...