Chapter 236: First Attack!!

[Nether Eye Activated.]

Vritra held his axes in both hands as the third eye appeared on his forehead. He carefully observed all the white-clothed men and knew that the most dangerous were the ten stars and the pope.

The rest of the members were all under the 2nd Legion rank, but there was another terrifying thing about the Grieves, and that was... Glyphs. Over the years, they had created glyphs that most couldn’t even imagine.

"Hubby, the Grieves in most cases choose hosts that are weaker than them. And that seems to be the case with almost everyone present here.

They have already taken the consciousness of the humans they are possessing, so it is nothing more than a shell.

But even if you were to destroy their bodies, the Grieves would just appear in their original form, even stronger than before." Yasmine warned. They were stuck in the worst possible situation.

Vritra couldn’t move away from the door, and the Grieves would without a doubt take advantage of this fact. Not to mention, they already seemed to have set up various glyphs across the place.

’Heh, that just means double the experience points for me. Anyway, I guess I can’t afford to hold back at such a moment...’ Vritra thought as he released a long breath.

[Switch Activated.]

[Switch: Demonification (1%)]

Horns appeared over his head, and a destructive bluish energy flooded the surroundings. The group of Grieves were surprised yet again as they sensed the jump in Vritra’s power.

"Oh, I can sense Demon Lord’s energy coming from your body, but you are still too weak to actually be a Demon Lord. Hmm, so you are Vritra." The pope soon concluded. It was pretty obvious if one joined the puzzle.

THUMP THUMP

THUMP THUMP

"..." Vritra’s heart had started to beat wildly, pumping the energy throughout his body as his veins started looking blue.

He didn’t go all out with Shift since he planned to rapidly shift his stats based on the situation. As for Fourth Dimension, it could only be used to surprise the other side. Once they had seen it, the Fourth Dimension would most probably be useless afterward.

[Suck! Suck! Suck! Activated.]

"Bob, hold the door!!" Vritra muttered as the large metallic ball once again covered the entrance of the large door.

While observing the surroundings, he sensed something strange, as if countless invisible threads were spread throughout the space, but he couldn’t actually see or touch them.

Partial Dragon Transformation!!

Scales started to appear over Vritra’s body as his strength increased even further. Just like the dragon transformation that came with his dragon physique and bloodlines, there was a strange transformation that Vritra had yet to try—the one he obtained because of his Demon God’s bloodline and physique.

"Capture him." The pope said, gesturing at the ten stars. He didn’t underestimate Vritra, which was exactly why he sent all ten of the stars forward for the battle.

"Be careful, I will join you in the battle soon." Yasmine said. If she revealed herself too fast, it would take away the surprise factor.

Vritra flew a bit away from the door and Bob; he didn’t want his soul wraith to suffer for no reason. The ten stars surrounded Vritra, curiously observing his transformation. All of them were holding different sorts of glyphs in their hands.

BOOOOM

With a thundering sound, all of them charged forward as they initiated their attacks. The ten stars were looking down on Vritra; despite his transformation, he had yet to even reach the 2nd Legion rank after all.

’Forbid: Sight!!’ Vritra rapidly used the Forbidden skill as all ten of the stars lost their sight for a tenth of a second.

[Forbidden Activated.]

[Forbidden Activated.]

[Forbidden Activated.]

...

Then he took in a deep breath, pulling the mana out from their bodies and disrupting their attacks as the glyphs in their hands shattered. Vritra decided to use one of his strongest attacks right from the start.

[Shift Activated.]

[Shift: Defence + Agility → Strength]

[Switch: Demonification (3%)]

[Body of Dust Activated!!]

Evil-Veyll God Essence!!

Purplish energy burst out of his body along with blue energy—extreme, converged, and destructive dust particles—as the hearts in his chest started to beat even faster, rapidly increasing strength and energy.

While Suck! Suck! Suck! was pushed to the limits as Vritra devoured more and more energy, almost making the surroundings devoid of any mana, his body held so much destructive power that he was really about to explode.

Finally, Vritra channelled all that energy into his axes, the weapons whose strength had been raised to above the middle of 2nd Legion rank.

The Axes of Chaos increased the destructive power behind the attack even further.

All of this happened in less than a second. The ten stars didn’t even have the time to reorganise after their attack failed as utter destruction swallowed them.

The moment Vritra swung the two axes, both his arms exploded into a bloody mess, and then he disappeared into the Fourth Dimension. Cracks formed over the surface of the two axes as they failed to hold that much power.

The Demon Lord’s power at 3% was already destructive enough, but the Evil-Veyll God Essence had also become a lot stronger compared to before, as it continued to devour more and more of the demonic energy.

Finally, the result of the attack swallowed the ten stars. For a moment, there was utter silence before chaos broke out.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

A deafening sound rang out. The pope smiled and just moved away as he watched everything with interest. Vritra’s plan wasn’t just to take out the ten stars but as many men from the group as he could.

After swallowing the ten men, the destructive energy continued to rage towards the group of hundreds of men as they hastily put up their barriers.

They were just going to enjoy a good show, as the respected ten stars would easily and thoroughly destroy that guy.

But who could have thought that he could use such a devastating attack—and would use it at the start of the battle.

The cries of the ten stars rang out as their bodies were twisted and torn to bits. Their human shells were completely destroyed within moments.

More than seventy men from the large group were also swallowed, and their bodies were destroyed just like those ten Grieves. They screamed in pain as the human shell was completely crushed and not even a drop of blood remained.

Messages quickly flooded in front of Vritra.

『

[You have killed a Level 2,149 Human.]

[You have killed a Level 2,225 Human.]

[You have killed a Level 2,078 Human.]

[You have killed a Level 2,109 Human.]

...

[+EXP Earned.]

...

[You have Levelled Up!]

[You have Levelled Up!]

[You have Levelled Up!]

...

[All Stats Increased by 10.]

[All Stats Increased by 10.]

[All Stats Increased by 10.]

...

[You have gained 10 Allocation Points.]

[You have gained 10 Allocation Points.]

[You have gained 10 Allocation Points.]

...

』

Vritra didn’t even need to consume any healing potion. He just reduced the Switch back to 1%, and with the help of his dual heart, his injuries had completely disappeared in a couple of seconds.

Except for the energy in his body he was back to peak shape.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...