Chapter 500: My Beautiful Queen

"A man?! Is he a human? How dare he be so bold!! Are they really asking for a war now, I am personally going to face him." Layla said after hearing the news.

Shaking with rage while Vanessa was just surprised that someone would actually attack them so directly.

But just then the said person actually entered the hall, alerting everyone present there.

"Forgive me, my Queen, but there is something I must tell you about." With a faint smile on his face, he spoke, looking straight at Vanessa.

"How dare- Uh you... hmm Oh? Wait have we met bef-? ...Arrest him, maybe?" Upon seeing him, Layla experienced several emotions at once.

At first she was just surprised by his looks, but then he seemed familiar, but wasn’t he still a threat.

On the other hand, Vanessa stood up abruptly, her eyes wide with shock.

Vritra ignored the constantly popping sin points messages, as he just took in the sight of his mother.

It had been so long since they last met, she looked so hot and seductive.

Just based on her body, she could be considered one of the top three beauties.

And then that extremely beautiful face, those soft juicy lips, her appearance could really drive any man crazy.

"Mom looks so... beautiful, I don’t think I have seen a succubus as gorgeous or hot." Yasmine added.

It wasn’t just her looks that got so much better, even her strength had grown tremendously.

She was already in the Lord rank, and her strength was on the upper side.

Easily as high as Sir Giant from over two years ago.

"H- Honey?" Vanessa called out softly, her heart brimming with love and joy.

Her body shivered by the sheer intensity of her emotions. When the connection with him broke and she got the news, she was completely broken.

But Yennefer actually left a message, that the four women found easily, telling them about Vritra’s return.

Though it left a flicker of hope in their hearts but the fear always lingered there, the pain, the longing.

Still they all did their best to gather as much power as possible, to clear his name, doing everything for his return.

"Oh uhm... Everyone, leave!" Seeing the flood of emotions on Vanessa’s face, and the tears filling up her eyes, Layla ordered.

Everyone in the hall was surprised, though their gazes remained stuck to the devilishly charming man.

After a few moments, they all left the place, and soon it was just Vritra and Vanessa in there.

"Honey, i- is it really you?" Vanessa spoke, taking slow steps forward.

He looked quite different from before but she could still easily recognise him.

"Mom, I missed you." Vritra said, walking forward.

Vanessa could no longer hold back as tears burst out like a broken dam. She hurried forward and hugged Vritra tightly.

Burying her face into his neck, sobbing loudly, clinging onto him.

"Sorry for making you worry mom, but I am perfectly fine." Vritra embraced, gently rubbing her back.

Her scent filled his senses, smelling just as fragrant as always.

"Sob honey honey... why did you l- leave me sob I- I can’t live without you." The powerful queen actually cried her heart out like a little girl.

The sound of her crying filled the hall, her warm tears wetting his clothes, but no sound leaked out of the hall.

Patting her head, Vritra waited for his mother to calm down, but the pain and suffering of more than two years without him needed a lot more to be healed.

Gently picking her up in his arms, Vritra walked towards the throne.

He sat over it, with Vanessa sitting over his lap, weakly pressed against his chest.

She was all dominant earlier but now, the succubus queen just wanted to stay in his arms.

"Mom, are you fine? No one troubled you while I was away right?" He asked, holding her chin between his thumb and forefinger as he gently raised her head.

Their faces mere inches apart, as he looked into her eyes.

"Mmm we will talk about that later, just let me be close to you." Vanessa wrapped her arms around him, pressing herself against him.

With her face pressed over his chest, she listened to his heartbeat which was faster than usual.

After all, he too was just as happy and excited to see her.

She inhaled deeply, letting his scent wrap around her, feeling his warmth.

They sat in silence for a while longer, with Vritra’s arms wrapped around her, as if he wanted to protect her from the world.

The sight of Vanessa dying in that war still haunted him whether he was awake or sleeping.

That memory only increased his hate towards the ones who participated in the war.

’Never will I let anyone hurt my family ever again, even if that means making humanity extinct.’ Vritra hugged her tightly and possessively.

The two just enjoyed each other’s presence, completely forgetting about the world.

Dozens of minutes passed just like that, their warmth and closeness healing each other.

"..." Vritra tilted her face up, placing his palm over her soft rosy cheek.

Then he leaned in, pressing his lips against her pink tender lips, before pulling her lower lip into his mouth and sucking on it.

"Mmmm..." Vanessa let out a sensual moan, her body reacting more sensitively, as she tasted him again.

Their lips rubbed and moved in a tight passionate kiss, as she felt herself melting into him.

Moving his tongue, Vritra licked over the boundary of her lips before pushing forward, slipping into her mouth.

His hands pulled her close, her delicate and supple body squished against him, feeling incredibly soft.

Vritra had missed her sweet taste so much, as his tongue hungrily explored the insides of her mouth, after her teeth parted.

SLURP

Their salivas mixed up, turning into a wet sloppy kiss, exchanging saliva as the pair of mother and son lost themselves in the kiss.

Time lost its meaning, all that remained was the feel and taste of each other.

The succubus queen bit on his tongue, sucking hard on it, her hands rubbing his back.

The mark on her belly glowed with intensity, making her mad with lust.

She wanted to tear the clothes that stopped their skins from rubbing directly, she wanted to feel him as closely as possible.

Their tongues danced from one mouth to another, as the two gulped the sweet mix of each other’s fluids.

"Mmmpph~ Honey, I love you Uuuumph~ M- Moreee..." The sexy mother managed to say between the kiss, her moans muffled by his mouth.

After a moment their lips parted, Vritra kissed her cheek before dragging his lips down to her neck.

Pulling her milky skin into his mouth, he sucked and bit, leaving behind another mark on his mother.

Her arms were wrapped around his neck, as their lips connected once again. The two just couldn’t have enough of each other.

As if they had been thirsty for weeks, and finally found the most delicious fluid to quench their thirst.

All the succubus would be shocked to know their very queen was sitting over a man’s lap on the throne, kissing him so passionately.

From the same place she passed judgement over countless criminals before.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...