Chapter 262: Stinging Jealousy

[Mutamorphis: Analysing the body...]

[You have one of the Mythic Halos.]

[The twentieth-ranked Mythic Halo: Misty Essence Mythic Halo detected.]

Vritra calmly read the messages and felt the changes occurring in his body. He had finally succeeded in obtaining another great treasure of the universe.

[Warning: Mythic Halo assimilation in progress...]

[Absorbing Misty Essence Mythic Halo into the host’s soul.]

[Processing...]

[Synchronization in progress.]

[Success!!]

"Oh, it succeeded in a single try, unlike before..." Vritra muttered. It was definitely thanks to the Nihil-Anima.

[Synchronization with Mythic Halo: Misty Essence — 0%... 1%...]

[2%]

[3%]

...

[10%]

...

[99%]

[100%]

[Assimilation complete.]

[Mythic Halo successfully integrated.]

[Misty Essence Mythic Halo has fused with the host’s soul.]

[Misty Essence Mythic Halo successfully consumed.]

...

The whole process took quite long, probably around four to five hours, but this time Vritra didn’t become unconscious. The entire process was a lot smoother, all thanks to the supervisor Nihil-Anima.

And Vritra could feel the presence of another mythic halo in his body. Unlike Nihil-Anima, which was silent, prideful, and battle-crazy, this one was more childish and playful.

"Congratulations hubby, well that went easier than I expected hehe. Except that part, anyway let’s head out now," Yasmine said, feeling a bit exhausted by the thrilling experience.

"Hmm, let’s head out. I wonder where Diana is wandering." Vritra flew back the way he came from. The whole place seemed to be crumbling slowly.

’"The Six Truths," huh? I wonder what sort of secrets they hold.’ Vritra was feeling incredibly curious about them, but not enough to throw his life away just to find the secrets.

Just as he arrived outside the large dark space, the whole place finally broke into powder. Vritra could easily control the dust, so he stayed still and all the falling dust passed by his side without touching him.

"Maybe I should use my Dust Ability as my Field. After all, it is also going to become extremely strong in the future and has less risk compared to Null..." he pondered while watching the whole place fall apart.

"Yeah, that is a good choice. Who knows, after upgrading, the Dust ability might become just as powerful as Null or maybe more.

But you are just at the beginning stages of comprehending your Field, so you can take your time. There is no hurry," Yasmine added. She was sure whatever Field he chose would be exceptional.

"Hmm." Vritra nodded and soon a bright light hit his face. Placing his hand in front of his eyes, Vritra looked at the bright surroundings. He was floating in the air exactly above the mountain where the inheritance had opened. The mountain had broken and was now just a pile of sand on the ground.

"M- Master?!" Diana was also floating some distance away from him, with Hellmancer hovering beside her.

The Hellmancer bowed and disappeared, finally done with his duty to babysit the goddess.

Diana flew towards Vritra and hugged him, then started complaining like a child about all the things that had happened inside.

"...A- And in the end, I obtained this." Diana raised her hand and showed a green flame burning over her hand. She looked really proud.

"Second Misty Essence?" Vritra was shocked. Then he looked at Diana cautiously, his expression showing that he was thinking she might be fake.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +1}

"W-Why are you looking at me like that, Master?! I-I am the real Diana..." Diana was truly shaken as she saw the look on Vritra’s face. It seemed he really was about to kill her just to make his doubt disappear.

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +1}

"I am really not a fake, see this." Diana hastily turned around and raised her dress, showing the handprints on her ass cheeks despite feeling embarrassed.

"Hahaha, yeah yeah, I know you aren’t fake. Don’t worry, I am not going to attack you." Vritra laughed seeing the goddess act like that; she looked really cute.

Diana pouted, knowing that he recognised her from the beginning and was just playing around.

"Master, you just gave me a heart attack. Please don’t bully me like this in the future." Her breasts moved up and down as she took long breaths.

"Hmm, that isn’t a mythic halo, so what is it?" Vritra asked, as Diana displayed the green halo once again.

"Yeah, it is not the Misty Essence Mythic Halo. After all, there can’t be two of such a treasure. But it is a Halo of the highest grade under the Mythic Halo.

If it grows in the future, it could almost be considered a Mythic Halo, though that would need a lot of time," Yasmine explained.

Her halo could also create illusions; it could almost be considered a child of the Misty Essence in a sense.

"Good job. You didn’t get hurt inside, right?" Vritra patted the goddess’s head. His hatred for her was already gone.

"Hehe, Hellmancer protected me all the time. Mmm, though I was really scared in there." Diana hugged Vritra and pressed her face against his chest, enjoying the closeness.

"Let’s go back. We had stayed here for more than seven or eight hours." Vritra caressed her back and spoke after a few minutes.

Diana lovingly held his hand and interlocked fingers with him as the two flew away. This sort of experience would surely stay with them for the rest of their lives, and the goddess was extremely happy to make special memories with him.

***

Upon returning to the castle, Vritra and Diana saw Vanessa and Fiona walking near the gate of the castle. The two women seemed to be waiting for them.

"Oh, they are here..." Fiona called upon seeing them fly closer. She looked at their hands and, despite knowing of their relationship, Fiona couldn’t help but feel jealous, though she showed no such emotion on her face.

"Honey!!" Vanessa smiled brightly as she saw Vritra. She jumped into his arms as soon as he got down, hugging him tightly. She knew he used to fight back on Earth too, but in this world she always had a lingering fear in her heart whenever he went out.

"Are you okay? What took you so long? Fiona hasn’t even eaten anything since this morning and was very worried about you," Vanessa said, pressing him closer into her body.

"Yes, I am fine. The inheritance I told you about finally opened, and I had finally achieved my goal." Vritra said before his gaze shifted to the redhead who was standing a meter away with a faint smile on her face.

She tried hard to push away the stinging feeling of jealousy, but it wasn’t easy to see another woman in the arms of the man she loved so much. Fiona sighed and knew she would have to get used to such a sight.

After getting out of Vanessa’s arms, Vritra stepped in front of Fiona and pulled her into his arms, embracing her. Fiona’s tensed body relaxed and she forgot all about her worries, burying her face into his chest.

"Sorry for being late, but I am fine. You shouldn’t starve yourself even if I am away. I don’t like that, okay?" Vritra cupped her cheeks and looked into her eyes.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...