Chapter 97: RUN! BOOM! REPEAT!

’I have already noted their thinking pattern. I know when and how they will try to ambush me. I will use that chance. Plus, my plan depends on the fact that they have enough difference between their strengths,’ Vritra thought. He arrived at a part with more than ten intersections.

According to his plan, BOB 1 would follow behind him as he entered the number 3 cave, while BOB 2 would enter another cave to ambush him—since the two paths met ahead.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

Vritra slightly decreased his speed and began to jump off the walls like BOB. He calculated the exact time and position in his mind and shot towards the place where the cave ended and more intersections joined.

WHOOSH

{Sin Point Gained: Ambushed +1}

Just as he had expected, the other BOB came at exceedingly fast speed from his right at the time he had calculated. Vritra gritted his teeth and waited for a moment until the spikes of the two BOBs were almost touching his body; only then did he shout: "NOW!!"

BOOOOOOOOM!!

Vritra’s body disappeared, and the two BOBs collided, creating a thunderous explosion. The walls shook, and Vritra felt his head spin for a moment just from that sound. Dust flew everywhere, and both the balls were thrown away.

Vritra used his Nether Eye to observe. He wondered if the clash was able to produce any kind of damage to either of the BOBs, and much to his joy, he saw a faint crack on the body of BOB 1—even a few of its spikes had been broken.

’Perfect, now I just need to continue it for a while longer,’ he thought. Vritra knew that these creatures were smart, and they wouldn’t keep falling for the same trick again and again, but he just needed to wait for that perfect timing.

If he can’t hurt them, then he will use them both to hurt each other.

"Again!!" He ran away from there, using whatever means to increase the distance between them. Both the BOBs came to their senses almost instantly as they continued with their charge, following behind him.

...

The thousands of men stood silently. They were shocked to hear that loud explosion. Not long after, a wave of strong wind hit them—they could tell just how terrifying the explosion was.

"He is finally dead!!" All the people became so happy, they hugged each other. But then they remembered that it was now their turn to be chased and killed.

Just then, they saw the two balls again running—this time Vritra was nowhere in sight, which made them sure of their doubts; he was really dead.

All of them panicked and didn’t know how to react. The two large metallic creatures were too fast, but strangely, this time again, they didn’t pay any attention to the large group and followed behind an invisible target.

"What’s going on?" they mumbled in confusion.

...

Vritra took a different turn this time. BOB 2 was closer to him than the other one. He again came to a point where he had several intersections in front of him. He was sure they wouldn’t try to ambush him again because of what happened the last time.

But Vritra planned to take advantage of their difference in speed and the distance he had with each BOB. He ran into one of the caves and BOB 2 followed, but before BOB 1 could follow him, Vritra suddenly teleported to the entrance just beside it.

BOB 2 had no choice but to continue, while BOB 1 changed its direction just in time and followed Vritra. He had succeeded again, and just as he planned, after a few seconds there was another ear-piercing explosion—even harder than the last one.

BOOOOOOOOM!!

Vritra didn’t pause as he observed the two creatures. BOB 1 was the one to suffer more damage; the cracks on its body got deeper and stretched even more, while more of its spikes were broken.

’Damnit, why are these things so tough? Even they themselves can’t deliver too much damage to each other. How was I supposed to kill even a single one of them?’ Vritra cursed in his mind, as he again moved toward the entrance.

The people there saw the same scene again—two balls rolled from their left to their right, chasing after an invisible enemy. They wondered if these creatures had gone mad after killing Vritra. But why were there two explosions then?

WHOOSH WHOOSH

They watched it all silently while moving as close to the door as they could, but they couldn’t go back to the previous plane. They were all afraid that if they made even the slightest move, then they would attract these crazy creatures’ attention.

"What do you think is going on? Is that person really dead? But why was there the second explosion?" Number One asked, frowning. The effect of Blood Lock was still at work.

Either that detestable person was still alive and had gone back on his promise, or he was dead and this skill would keep on working even after his death—which meant he had gone back on his promise.

’Fuck, how can I get rid of this strange curse? Do I need to go out there to search for him? But I have just a little over fifty percent strength left.’ Number One really was at his wits’ end. He was now really afraid of death, but the others didn’t seem to have noticed his predicament yet.

"Whatever might be the case, what are we supposed to do now? We can’t move and can’t keep standing here—both will result in our death," the dragon masked man spoke.

Just then...

BOOOOOM!!!

Another explosion sounded and all of them shivered. Just by the sound, they could tell that if that thing hit them, they would become minced meat. This was too terrifying—even the two top leaders couldn’t help but shiver.

This was already the third explosion. The two Myriad creatures once again came rolling from the left not long after, just as everyone had expected.

Like before, they just rolled to the left without paying any attention to the audience. But this time, the dragon-masked man barely noticed several cracks on the body of one of those creatures which weren’t there before, and seemed to have just been inflicted.

Number One couldn’t even keep up with that speed with his vision anymore. All of his abilities had grown weaker.

’What are those explosions exactly? And what kind of terrifying entity could inflict such damage to a Myriad creature... it couldn’t be him, right? Yeah, he must already be dead. What is going on here exactly? Tsk, coming here might have been a mistake,’ Dragon Mask thought.

...

Vritra had started to pant heavily, his speed decreasing just a tiny bit as he ran for the fourth time, passing by the audience as he made a different approach to separate the two BOBs. After that, he calculated the time and position of the explosion.

And after a few seconds...

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!

Finally, at the fourth explosion, Vritra’s lips curled up as he watched the two BOBs with his Third Eye. He was filled with excitement as he had finally succeeded in achieving the first step of his plan.

’BLOOD!! I made it bleed.’

____________

Thanks for reading...