Chapter 498: Subdued

"Too late."

CRACK

A clear sound of neck snapping rang out, all the people who were rolling across the ground in pain suddenly paused.

Max’s motionless body fell to the ground as everyone stared at Vritra in horror.

Did he just kill a lord without any effort at all?

On top of that, he had just killed a family member, one of the oldest cousins, this was the biggest crime!!

’Sigh...’ Gunter sighed, it seemed his days as monarch were numbered.

"H- How can you kill him?!! Guards arrest him, M- Monarch, this is just outrageous." All of them, forgetting their pain, started screaming madly.

"He isn’t dead, just unconscious, don’t worry he will wake up."

Vritra’s calm voice interrupted them, and then they noticed the wheezing noise Max was creating with each breath.

He would certainly wake up but would be powerless in the future and would never be able to move.

"Healers, take them all away! They need treatment, make sure to treat them nicely." Gunter, finally relaxed, stepped forward and spoke.

And so, the baffled healers dragged all the patients, but with the teenagers already in care, the parents would have to wait.

"Art, are you okay?" Finally the crowd was gone, Gunter approached him and asked in worry, several questions filling his eyes.

"Yeah I am fine, and even if you do ask anything now I wouldn’t be able to answer them." Vritra said before the middle-aged man had a chance of asking anything.

...

Few hours later, again in the same large hall.

One side of the seats was filled with the teenagers who were wrapped by bandages, their limbs set completely straight.

While the other side was filled with their parents, few were still missing a limb or two, they were all in even worse conditions.

"Now, does any of you still have a problem with my son being the next monarch?" Gunter questioned, Vritra standing beside him.

They all started mumbling together at the same time, buzzing like bees, complaining about the unfairness of the world.

"Be clear, I can’t hear you. I might take this as a yes and start another round of battle." Vritra said, as all of them hurriedly and loudly spoke.

"O- Of course we don’t have any problem with you ruling us ughhh in the future, these injuries are proof enough that you would be a great ruler."

Max remained completely silent, he was in the worst condition of all. He couldn’t even close his mouth, his lips in a big O shape.

’Who the hell is this demon?! There is no way he could be the real A- Art, after all... after all, it was I who killed him with my own hands in the labyrinth.’ Max thought, looking fearfully at Vritra.

But there was no way he could say something like that out loud.

If he wanted to expose Vritra, first he would have to expose himself.

And what if this was Gunter’s plan all along? Max shivered at just the thought.

"Alright, I knew everyone would be overjoyed by my son ruling the family next, look how happy they all look." The monarch said, laughing out loud.

Vritra had taken care of everything in just a day. Strength truly could do the impossible, not to mention he didn’t show any mercy.

Gunter could never have done that.

"Good, all of you can return and rest, but if I so much as hear any of you planning anything behind my back, just think of uncle Max. You could be in worse condition."

Vritra warned and finally the meeting was over.

Vritra didn’t want any additional trouble from them, so he had even used the natural hypnosis on them.

At least, none of them would try anything funny.

Gunter and Vritra first went to meet Ava, the woman was getting better quite fast.

Soon, the two were walking across the long corridor.

"Can we go meet the Fords now?" Vritra asked, in a hurry to find any clue about Yennefer.

"Just wait a little more, they are already busy with the marriage trials preparations. Even if we go, we won’t be able to meet Sir Giant." Gunter replied.

"How long?" With a frown, he pressed on.

"Probably a few days. Actually, my visit this time to the Ford family was related to your marriage, it was something my father promised to that... uh your bride’s father when you were quite young.

I too would have preferred not to bring it up yet, but it can’t be delayed any longer, because of the oath." Gunter said.

It wasn’t any ordinary oath; it was taken with the Gods being their judge. So, if the two failed to go through it, both would receive the God’s wrath.

Vritra’s frown deepened, he wondered why they were so desperate for this marriage, even forming such an oath.

"And whose idea was the oath?" he questioned.

"Oh, it was her father." Came the reply.

Was the girl defective or something that they had to forcefully shove her to him; this was clearly a forced marriage.

Then he questioned in his mind: ’Wifey, won’t this oath already be broken since the real Art is already dead?’

And he almost knew who could have killed Art or knew the real culprit.

It was only Max who looked at him as if he was sure that Vritra wasn’t the real Art.

"Well since Divine used the real Art’s body’s and core’s property then he must have made some arrangement in advance, maybe merging with your soul a part of Art’s soul.

Hmm is that how you were able to stay alive even as a consciousness?" Yasmine spoke, pondering.

If the two families had already made an oath to get him married to that girl, then what was the point of the whole marriage trials and competitions?

But Vritra didn’t really care all that much about the marriage or the two families, he was just focused on his goals.

They continued to walk silently for a while.

Finally, Gunter broke the silence.

"Sigh Son, I know this is a big burden for you, you are literally being forced into this marriage. And she is so much older than you too so if you don’t want to do it, I can unders–"

Vritra ignored both his words and concerns since he didn’t plan to go through with the marriage, as he interrupted: "Its alright I understand, but for some time I need to go out."

"Go out... will it be safe?" Gunter didn’t really know what secret he was hiding, but with that strength, his enemies might be just as dangerous.

"Yeah, when it is time to go, you can contact me through this glyph." Vritra pulled out a small white glyph from his inventory, passing it on.

"Okay... just be careful and return as soon as possible, your mother can’t go a day without seeing you now."

And within moments, Vritra was gone, disappeared into thin air.

Gunter knew perfectly well that Vritra was stronger than him, so he wasn’t really surprised.

After a moment, he walked away, there were a lot of preparations needed for the marriage after all.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...