Chapter 293: Comfortable~

’Not just for Vritra but for myself as well, I want to be the best potion master in the world and the strongest goddess.’ While Diana was busy setting her future goals, Vritra and the others discussed their future options.

"Like I said, there is no need for you to think so much, I won’t hurt any of you." Yennefer said, rolling her eyes as she listened to them.

"And where is that protector of yours?" Vritra asked, turning to face the empress.

"You don’t need to know that. Anyway, I’m really curious how you were able to raise your level to such an extent while being in the Blue Kingdom.

Not even the king has managed this feat there." Yennefer asked in an interrogative tone.

Vritra was sure she was just putting on an act. Yennefer is a very cold and emotionless woman after all; she wouldn’t even look at weak people like them normally.

"Well isn’t it good enough already that despite her suspicions she hasn’t tried to kill you? After all, the Yennefer I know would kill first even if she had the slightest bit of suspicion about someone. So I call it progress." Yasmine spoke.

At their current strength, if Yennefer truly tried to kill them, there just wouldn’t be a way to survive.

’Yeah, since she has been acting a bit normally I almost forgot how dangerous she is. Sigh, for now we can just continue with our act.’ Vritra took a breath as a smile appeared on his face.

"Haha, I was just curious about him. Anyway, it’s a pleasure having such a pretty lady as our neighbour. Hope your stay in this place is full of mis– cough, fortunes." Vritra said before turning towards the dining room, but just then the empress called out from behind.

"Oh right, I don’t see that girl with black hair with you now—the one I met when you were coming here. And Fiona wasn’t there with you at that time..." Yennefer asked in an innocently curious tone.

"..." Vritra paused and felt like slapping his forehead. He didn’t think that the empress would follow him to the castle, and Misty Essence wouldn’t work from such a large distance because of his current level.

’She knows, she knows...’ he thought and after a brief silence he replied: "You don’t need to know that."

’Oh no, even I forgot that I was disguised the last time we met...’ Fiona felt a headache, but there was nothing she could have done.

’Ah, I should have used the Illusion Halo, though I doubt it could do much against the empress.’ Diana thought. She felt a bit worried in the empress’s presence. After a moment she spoke:

"Ah, you must be talking about Risa. Yeah, she did come here with us, but we went our separate ways after entering the kingdom. And as for Fiona, well she accidentally got separated from us in the Night Forest."

’...’ Vanessa too couldn’t have done anything even if she remembered, so she just sighed and started following Vritra towards the dining area.

Yennefer didn’t follow them this time. As the four disappeared from her sight, she finally mumbled: "Vritra... I am almost sure it is you. You won’t be able to escape this time."

...

When the four of them arrived there, Diddy and the other five were already there, and it seemed they were back to scum forms.

"Diddy, come here." Vritra called out. His weak appearance looked strangely attractive to the women.

"..." Diddy, who was trying to steal a piece of meat from Karen’s plate, frowned upon getting interrupted. He looked towards the sickly man and questioned: "What the fuck do you want?"

"Oh, you’ve got quite the voice huh?" Out of nowhere, Vritra in his Jin Woo form suddenly appeared beside Diddy and the group of six was instantly frightened.

"Ah S–Sir, you are back? S–Sorry for shouting earlier, I didn’t know you were here." Diddy stood up from his seat so fast that he hit and flipped his chair and the table.

"Be careful of your behaviour, I will be around." Jin Woo said before disappearing, leaving the six people shivering in dread.

Finally, as the annoying voices came to a halt, Vritra and the three ladies started to eat, though they only talked about useless things.

After finishing the food, the group took a walk around the castle, watching the strange state of the place since the king was nowhere to be found.

After thirty or so minutes, they headed back to their new room.

Yennefer was still seated in her chair and was reading something in a rather ancient-looking book. Upon hearing the approaching sounds she raised her head and watched the four of them heading to the same room.

"..." Frowning, she stood up abruptly and asked: "Wait, you four are sleeping in the same room? There are so many vacant rooms, wouldn’t it be better to get your separate rooms?"

"Thank you for your advice, Empress, I will definitely think it over." Vritra said with a smile and without pause.

"Wait, don’t tell me, the four of you are in a romantic relation?" Yennefer walked towards the entrance of her room and asked. She seemed quite opposed to this idea.

"Huh, why do you even want to know that? But anyway, yes we are." Vritra answered, without glancing back.

BAM!

"..." Yennefer was about to speak more when Vritra shut the door close with a loud sound. The empress was left standing in the hallway with a deep frown etched on her beautiful face.

’So he wasn’t lying about having multiple women before... tsk.’ Suddenly in a bad mood, Yennefer stormed into her room. The temperature around the castle itself seemed to have dropped by a few degrees.

...

Vritra looked at the bed in his room and then at the three women. He had agreed to stay in the same room, but he thought they would arrange more beds.

"Should I take out another bed, since it doesn’t seem the four of us will be able to sleep on it comfortably?" Vritra asked, ready to pull the bed from his inventory.

"No, there is no need for that darling, I’m sure if we just adjust a bit we will be able to sleep re~ally comfortably..." Fiona said, with a seductive smile on her face.

"Yes, just leave it to us, master." Diana said as she pulled Vritra’s hand and climbed onto the bed.

...

After a few seconds, the four of them lay on the bed, Vritra at the centre. Both of his arms were being used as pillows and he was completely surrounded by softness.

The goddess lay to his left, her soft breasts pressing against his body as she stuck close to him, while Vanessa was hugging on his right. Both the women pressed against him tightly.

"Fiona, are you sure you are comfortable there?" Vritra asked. Fiona was lying on top of him with her head resting over his chest and her boobs pressing against his belly.

"Why, do you think I am heavy?" Fiona said with a cute pout as she looked up into his eyes, their faces so close that they could even feel each other’s warmth.

"Of course not, that’s not what I meant but—"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...