Chapter 324: A Good Show [R-18]

After a short rest, Vritra pulled her up and got off the bed, he carried her to the bathroom. Turning on the shower, both of them stood close as the warm water fell over their bodies.

This realm was too strange, no one knew where the energy, the water or other things were coming from.

They tried to find out but after some time they just gave up.

Vritra felt the empress’s wet skin clinging to his own, as he pulled her, making her boobs smash against his chest and jiggle before capturing her tender wet lips, kissing and feeling almost as if they were kissing in the rain.

The empress held his hard member between her thighs, as it pressed against her eager lower mouth, her hungry pussy trying to take a bite of it.

She let out a muffled moan as Vritra bit her tongue, he raised her leg and held it there with his hand before pushing his cock back deep inside her body.

And so began the second round, Yennefer orgasmed a few times before getting filled by his semen once again.

Then the third, fourth, fifth, they went at it like wild beasts, hungry for each other’s bodies.

They didn’t stop until several hours had passed, Yennefer was completely exhausted by that point and her belly flooded by his hot semen, she had even lost count of how many times she received his load.

Both of them lay on the bed, still naked under a blanket, Yennefer lay on her side using his arm as a pillow and cuddling tightly.

Her hand rested over his chest, she kept drawing circles over his skin with her finger, staring at his face while countless unknown thoughts flooded her mind.

’I wonder how she will react if she were to know that I am actually a demon.’ Vritra thought, gazing up at the ceiling absentmindedly.

"I am sure she will try to kill you, she hates demons way too much." Yasmine’s voice sounded in his mind.

’Oh you are awake again, and why do you always wake up at such odd times? How long have you been awake?’

Vritra asked, his right hand rubbing gently against Yennefer’s smooth back.

"Hehe Just when she was shouting: Oh Vritra, fill me up again, dump all your seeds inside me ahhh yes fill my belly." Yasmine answered with a laugh.

’Hmm...’ Vritra thought for a moment before saying: "So at the eighth round huh, you should have told me sooner."

"I didn’t want to disturb my husband while you were busy with the more important task, and well, I got to see something... new."

The dragon waifu said in a playful tone, she could stay awake a bit longer for now.

’Yeah right, so how long can you stay awake now?’ he questioned.

"Oops time over, let’s talk the next time." Yasmine said before going silent.

"..." Vritra’s lips stretched in a thin line, wouldn’t it have been better to have a chat while she was awake instead of wasting all that time just watching her husband in action with another woman.

"Oh right, it was time well spent, then I will be taking my leave hubby. And don’t forget your poor first wife sob..." again she went silent after speaking.

Vritra: "..."

"What are you thinking?" Yennefer asked as she nuzzled closer, leaving soft kisses on his neck.

"Nothing, but are you sure you are alright? You seem completely different from before." Vritra asked.

"Mmm~ Once I want something I will do anything to get it and I have never wanted anything as badly as you, you are mine now and those feelings and words just came out on their own."

The empress replied, closing her eyes, loving the feeling of their bare skin pressing.

"And what about the emperor? Are you already engaged to him?" he asked, trying to take his mind off the hunger.

Vritra finally removed the forbidden skill from the room, but kept it on his strength.

"We will think about that later, for now, just let me be close to you." Yennefer said, she yawned and soon drifted off to sleep.

Vritra turned to face her as he pulled her closer into his arms and closed his eyes, but he couldn’t fall asleep.

They stayed in the bed for a couple of hours and finally got up when it was around five, they got dressed and decided to have an untimely dinner.

Yennefer prepared the food, for some reason she enjoyed making food for him and eating along with him, but she could sense that something was wrong.

Vritra was hiding something but the empress didn’t try to probe, they sat together at the dining table and ate while chatting and laughing.

The empress smiled and laughed more often now, she stuck close to him every moment like a woman madly in love, demanding more kisses.

After eating, they walked out of the house, going for a short stroll and to see more of this town.

"Hey um, can I..." one of the men walked up to the two and began to ask something while facing the empress who was wearing her veil.

"No." Yennefer said before he could finish, she walked ahead while holding Vritra’s hand, their fingers interlocked.

"Don’t you get uncomfortable wearing that veil?" Vritra asked, brushing her hair behind her ear.

"I got used to it, this is so much better than all the annoying men who keep bothering me and don’t know what the word ’No’ means, just like him." She gestured towards the man who followed behind them after a moment.

He looked like a total pervert.

"What do you want?" Vritra asked as he stepped in front of Yennefer, frowning at the middle-aged man.

"Um I was wondering, if you two would like to eat-" he began to speak, while trying to look behind Vritra.

"No, now get lost." Vritra said, he understood why Yennefer always kept a veil on her face.

Scared by his intimidating gaze, the man ran away.

There were more than a hundred people in the town, they had only met a few so far and most of them were quite nice.

They first walked towards the end of the town.

At the point where the town ended, there was a big mansion not too far away but it seemed pretty wrecked and blood could be seen at many places.

Then they headed back towards the entrance of the town, on their way they even met with Lisa while Mark had gone near the railway track along with his friends.

"Isn’t there any meat in the town?" Vritra asked, Yennefer made sure that Lisa maintained a proper distance from him, she felt a stinging sensation whenever any girl tried to get close to him.

"Uh... No, it is too dangerous to hunt, there are wild animals in the forest but the forest is almost like a puzzle, if you end up getting lost then it is nearly impossible to return."

Lisa said, wondering why the cold and aloof Yennefer was being so clingy today while also giving that dangerous look to her.

"Hmm Okay. Hey Mark, so you are waiting to see if the train brings more people here?" Vritra asked as he shook hands with him.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...