Chapter 742 Ill fated

Vritra just rolled his eyes at PetoPhil as he walked toward his wives, all of them hugged him one by one, clearly very proud of him.

"…" Evelyn looked at Vritra from her seat, despite him being in front of her she couldn't hold him.

She felt a bit sad, even if Vritra finally remembered his love for her, her family and the higher beings would still be a headache to deal with.

All the fights Vritra had fought before on this planet were no doubt dangerous but they couldn't even compare to the higher beings.

That place would be too deadly, even someone like the Divine or herself couldn't do as they pleased.

There was still so much Vritra didn't know, and Evelyn planned to start by making him remember all their time together in that long dream.

After taking a long look at him she turned and walked away, soon leaving the court.

Vritra glanced back while Evelyn was walking away, and for some reason he felt that she was so lonely, he almost instinctively wanted to hold her close.

To make her happy and make the loneliness disappear.

But he didn't do anything and watched as Evelyn disappeared from his sight, but he was certainly very grateful to her.

If it wasn't for her, he would have lost this trial, not to mention she is the one who had given him all these opportunities, all his skills, only thanks to her was he able to come into this new world.

Experience so many wonderful things, grow so strong, meet his wives, otherwise he would be just like those humans in the apocalypse.

Just trying to survive a death game, killed without even having a chance, so he was definitely very grateful to Evelyn.

Still, that was not something that would make him fall in love with her, if ever there comes a time he would do the same and help her to the best of his abilities.

For now, they had just survived a deadly game and were finally free to return to their homes.

All his wives were quite happy, the same was true for Shitless, Onest and Asmodeus.

[Your prizes will soon be delivered to you all.]

[All of you will now be returning to your respective planets!]

"But will Shitless continue to look like a red mutant?" Onest asked, he can't go around with something so strange.

[COUGH All abnormalities will be restored… Probably, I can only try.]

Shitless: "…"

No way he was going to lose his handsome appearance and be stuck looking like a red monster?

[Well, the color could still be changed but I don't understand why he looks too much like a mutant.]

The message window appeared, Vritra was surprised as it could communicate like that, he thought it was just a way to show messages.

"Oh uh, you just need to fix the color. The rest, he was born with it." Onest laughed as he put his arm around Shitless's shoulder.

[…Okay, you'll be sent back to your planets in five minutes.]

Shitless punched Onest but his body naturally dodged the attack as he jumped away, laughing loudly.

"Thank you sir, for saving my life several times." Asmodeus bowed in front of Vritra.

Without Vritra, he would still be stuck somewhere and might need to be a servant to the players.

"My slave, live well. I will remember you, maybe one day we will be able to meet again." Shitless said as he stopped and remembered his slave.

Vritra nodded, he felt this guy wasn't bad maybe they really could meet in the future. Should he replace Shitless with him, after all Asmodeus is very useful.

But Shit Sonia is also important for some plans, as for Shitless himself, he is pretty useless in 99.99% of the problems.

In the end, Vritra could settle for the less good option, for that 0.01% Bullo was still needed though.

"Huh?" Shitless scratched his bald head, he felt a strong judgmental gaze just now, no way he was the core member of the team who would be judging him.

Without him around the group will fall apart and the battle prowess will decrease by like 99.99%.

After making his decision Vritra returned to his conversation with his wives.

He looked at Yasmine, finally she would be able to stay safe and give birth to their healthy baby in a caring environment rather than the apocalyptic planet.

Where the air itself smelled like rotten blood and corpses were present all over the place, it was seriously one of the worst times and places to get pregnant.

Thankfully there was Divine who is also Yasmine's brother and gave her that barrier.

They had finished the whole game rather quickly and would be able to return home much faster than expected.

He couldn't help but also think about a few people like his two new parents who loved him dearly and a good friend, Rich.

He only hoped they could enjoy the peace for some time.

After saying his goodbyes to his slave Asmodeus, Shitless turned to look at Vritra and his eyes widened as he saw something new above his head.

He stared at the thread of fate for a few moments and didn't know what to do. There were still a few minutes left so he decided to warn Vritra about it.

"Pitiful one, can I have a word with you?" Shitless asked very calmly, he needed to deliver this news with utter patience and calmness.

"Hmm?" Vritra looked at him and wondered if he had found out that he was just thinking of replacing the monk with Asmodeus.

"Sure." He stepped away from his wives and the two stood some distance away from everyone else.

"Um so, just now I accidentally saw something." Shitless began, slow and steady was the key, he didn't want to make Vritra too worried.

"So you saw it? Sigh nothing could be hidden from your eyes, well you don't have to worry anymore, I have made up my mind even if this option is the worse of the two." Vritra said, poor Shitless must be sad knowing that he was only still here because of Shit Sonia and Bullo.

"Huh? You already know it? And have even thought it through? Woah since when were you able to do it?" Shitless asked.

Do what? Judging others? Vritra wondered and after thinking he answered: "Hmm I think it was around the time when I accidentally blew up my teacher's car and he shut up after my mom showed some money."

Yeah, it was around that time that he started to judge others and see clearly how people bend to money easily.

Shitless felt sad, Vritra had hidden such a big thing from him? He had already told Vritra about his own abilities to see the fates of others to some extent.

"O- Oh, why didn't you tell me you can also see others' fates?" Shitless asked, despite being the OG member of the group he was kept in the dark?

How saddening, he was broken completely, shattered into a million pieces that could never be put together.

"Huh? What are you talking about? What fate?" Vritra's brows knitted, were they not talking about the same thing?

"W- What? Then what were you saying you know?" Shitless was also confused now.

"Weren't we talking about me thinking to replace you with Asmodeus, but I decided not to because of Sonia and Bullo? And you saw it, is that not it?" Vritra asked.

CRACK CRACK

Something in Shitless's chest broke and it wasn't his bones, replace? Him? With none other than his very slave? That useless slave?

How saddening, he was broken completely, shattered into a billion pieces that could never be put together.

"H- Haha of course that's a joke, no one can replace you Sir Shitless, you are the one and only main member of our group and family." Vritra quickly did damage control.

"R- Really?" Shitless asked, as his smile returned, as expected the evil monk is very much needed.

"Yes, so what did you want to tell me about just now?" Vritra asked.

Shitless nodded, since the important matters of his role in the group had been dealt with now it was time to come to less important matters, like Vritra's fate.

"Uhm so just now I kind of accidentally saw your fate." Shitless began slowly.

"Fate, what's the point, it's not like it will get better even if you see it, what's meant to come will come." Vritra shrugged.

Although Shitless's warnings were useful but they were so vague that he would make connections only after the event had happened.

So even if he didn't know it, there was a high chance the outcome would be the same.

"Not to mention I'm ill-fated, reading anymore won't turn things around." he added.

"No, it is going to be worse in the future." Shitless added as he looked up at Vritra's head and then turned his face to the side, biting his palm.

"What?" Vritra was taken aback, a frown forming instantly.

"Hmm in comparison, your past was your golden period." Shitless said, he looked back and looked to the side right away, that sight was too disheartening.

"This was the golden period?!!" The frown deepened, Vritra had an expression that literally said: Really? This?

He had literally died several times, almost lost several of his family members and had been through so much torture.

And this was the best period of his life, the golden period?

"Yes, the worst is going to be in the time that's to come." Shitless added, sighing.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading… adios