Chapter 138: The God of theft

"F- Fiona, this isn’t what it looks like, I- I was just..." Max didn’t know what to say, no matter what he thought of, all of it seemed sus.

Fiona’s face twisted as she muttered, "Disgusting..." then tugged at Vritra’s arm, asking him to leave. She didn’t want to look at that piece of garbage for a moment longer.

It seemed what Jace and Tyler had said before was really true. Even though she had fallen for Vritra, she didn’t hate Max before, but now, she felt disgusted just looking at him.

"Let’s leave." Vritra nodded, and while holding her hand, the two began to walk away.

Max was horrified. His love was just walking away, all because of this misunderstanding. How could he allow her to be with that hateful and evil Vritra? He loved her too much and didn’t want to be separated from her.

THUD THUD

Max finally came to his senses as he punched Jace and Tyler hard in the face, throwing them to the ground. Then he attempted to run up to her to explain everything, only to fall in the next moment since his pants and underwear were at his ankles.

He groaned in pain as the stones and wood lying there hit some really painful places.

But he endured the pain even as tears streaked down his face. Pulling his pants up, he ran towards Fiona.

"P- Please listen to me, give me a chance. It is not what you think, those two suddenly—" Max tried to explain, but Fiona interrupted him.

"Keep your excuses to yourself. I don’t even want to see your face. Oh right and..." under Max’s terrified gaze, Fiona stood on her toes, put her arms over Vritra’s shoulder, and kissed him.

"T- This—NO, Fiona!! What are you doing? I love you so much, h- how can you do this to me?" Max fell to his knees and cried loudly. This was the one person he didn’t want to be separated from.

"Hmph. Get lost, I hate you." Fiona muttered. Then she took Vritra’s hand lovingly, their fingers intertwined, as the two walked away, leaving behind a wailing Max.

He felt broken as unimaginable pain shot through his heart. He wanted to beg, explain, and so much more, but now nothing held any value to the girl of his dreams.

Vritra’s revenge was complete... on the emotional level. And after this, Max would be broken completely, before he gradually dies.

...

After that incident, Fiona threw the matter out of her head. She didn’t want to give even a tiny space of her mind to that nasty and disgusting person. Instead, she looked at Vritra’s handsome face and felt so happy that because of him she was able to avoid a life of shame and misery with Max.

Vritra and Fiona just walked around the forest and didn’t fight a single demon. After several hours, when it was time to end the training, the two walked back towards the meeting point.

Everyone had already gathered there. Max couldn’t be seen; it seemed he was already seated in one of the carriages.

"What a pity, we didn’t get to collect any badges." Fiona shook her head and sighed, finding it strange that after the first demon, not a single one came towards them to attack.

"Huh? What do you mean? We did collect quite a lot of badges." Vritra smiled as he walked towards the table and poured out more than thirty badges before saying:

"These demons were hunted by Fiona."

"When did you even kill them? And why are you giving my name? You should take the reward for it." Fiona said in surprise.

"Don’t worry, I have something planned." Vritra said with a smile. He didn’t really need those rewards. He had already emptied the biggest treasury of the king after all. Collecting these badges had a different reason.

"..." Fiona smiled and didn’t reject. Why would she reject a gift from her man? She felt cared for as he took her hand and the two walked towards an empty carriage.

******

With over thirty badges, Fiona easily won the challenge. After arriving back, everyone had gathered in front of the castle where King Aldric came to meet and encourage them.

Then he gave a treasure to Fiona—it was a pair of earrings with some special effects.

Meanwhile, Vritra’s gaze was fixed on the king’s fingers. He was wearing eight rings, one on each of his fingers, and all of them looked like treasures.

The king was in a great mood for some reason, as if he had just returned after making the biggest deal of his life—but Vritra wasn’t much concerned about that.

Vritra wasted no time as he used the appraisal skill but...

[Appraisal failed.]

He tried again, but the same message popped up. It seemed some object on the king’s body was obstructing his skill. He clicked his tongue in frustration as his plan to check whether the rumor was true had failed.

’Looks like I can only steal—borrow—that one-time-use ring from the king to check if it’s real or not.’ Vritra thought, as he began to plan the theft—act of borrowing—only without letting the other side know.

"Hehe, do I look good in them?" Fiona asked as she pushed her hair behind her ear and showed him the new earrings.

"Anything would look good on you." Vritra said as he smiled and caressed her cheek. The whole thing of getting Fiona might have been filled with cunning, but now that she was his woman, he would take the best care of her and protect her forever.

"Hehe, thank you..." Fiona felt her heart melt with sweetness. She just wanted to spend each and every second of her time with him. They had gotten into a relationship just a few hours ago and she already felt such a strong bond with him.

"Tsk tsk, flirting right in front of your wife? Sigh, where is this world heading towards? There is no virtue and trust left anymore. Hehe." Yasmine giggled, always there for him with her playful teasing.

Vritra: "..."

******

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

As the night fell and the sky turned dark, the great thief Sir Vritra disappeared from the world. Vanessa had already fallen asleep, as he flew out of his room.

A big part of the castle had already been repaired after it was destroyed because of Vritra’s attack. The guards were hard at work—there had been chaos in the Dunshire Kingdom after all—so more than double the normal number of guards had been placed there to protect the king.

None of them could detect Vritra as he headed directly towards the king’s room. While flying, he wondered—

"Now that I think about it, I haven’t seen any family members of the king. No wives, no concubines, or any children. I wonder what might be the reason." He mumbled, but in the fourth dimension, no one could hear him.

"We can worry about that later, let’s finish this task first." Yasmine reminded him. For some reason, her instincts were telling her that something big—very big—would be taking place very soon.

Soon Vritra arrived near Aldric’s room. He planned to scan the room from outside first before heading in, to make sure there weren’t any traps or strong people to protect him in there.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...