Chapter 513 Again [R-18]

Vritra enjoyed her sexy moans as his tongue assaulted the poor clit again and again as soon as it had come out of the skin surrounding it; her pussy was twitching wildly now, as if waiting for something to fill it up.

SLURP SLURP

The loud sound of his sucking on her tiny bud, along with her moans, completely filled the room. His tongue and teeth were constantly teasing and biting on it, while Vritra continued to massage her thighs.

He could clearly feel each shiver that ran through her body.

After sucking her clitoris for a few minutes, Vritra shifted his lips down, pressing them once again against her soft petals; then he used his lips to separate them.

Yasmine's body rose slightly as his soft tongue slowly made its way inside her body; it smoothly slipped between her labia and moved between the folds.

She possessed quite some knowledge about sex after watching her husband do it so many times.

Yet never could she have expected it to feel this good; she truly felt as if she were in paradise.

Getting eaten by her hubby was already one of her most favorite activities; she planned to make Vritra do it often.

Just while she was thinking of the future, she felt his tongue forcefully making its way inside her vagina—it felt so strange, but the itch that she was feeling in her pussy dissipated, although barely, replaced by a pleasurable sensation.

One of Vritra's hands moved up as he began to squeeze her boob and pinch her nipple.

The poor dragoness could only moan under the assault of his tongue as both of her soft thighs pressed on either side of his face, giving it a cushion-like soft embrace while her hands moved down as her fingers gently ran through his hair as she pushed his head towards her pelvis.

His tongue swiftly made its way inside her pussy; Vritra felt the tight grip of her soft folds on his tongue while also tasting the sweet love juices that flowed out of her cave like a flood.

But with his lips tightly pressed around her petals, he didn't let any of her sacred fluid go to waste.

'Even this nectar of hers is so delicious, so sweet and warm; she is such a delicacy that I want to keep devouring her.'

Vritra thought as he hungrily sucked on her pussy; his tongue was completely stretched, reaching as deep inside her as it could go.

Then he held her thighs and placed them over his shoulders.

[Intra Shuffle Activated!]

'Here it is!!' Yasmine exclaimed as she sensed the changes in his tongue through the fleshy walls of her pussy.

And just after a moment, the length of his tongue increased further, pressing deeper as it separated her walls and rubbed against the folds.

"Aaaannggggg~ S-So deeepppp~ mmmmphhhh~" Yasmine's body twisted and wriggled, feeling his tongue rolling and rubbing inside her body.

His hands gently moved up her body, caressing her belly and then finally landing on her soft breasts; he began to knead them with great force as if he wanted to completely deform them, but the sensation was pleasurable for them both.

Squelch squelch

SLURP GULP SLURP

"Hnnnnn~ Mmmmm~ H-Hubby I love it aaaaah~ Y-Yes, that place Nngggghhhh~ feels so good…"

Yasmine was completely overwhelmed by pleasure; he was sucking so hard, drinking all her love juices.

His lips pressed so tightly against her petals while his tongue moved deep in her.

Inside her pussy, Vritra rubbed his tongue against the soft walls and poked her erogenous zones with the tip of his tongue, bringing her close to orgasm.

He continued to devour her pussy for a few minutes; Yasmine was just loving it and didn't want it to end at all.

Somehow Vritra quickly found out all her sensitive points; he would poke and rub them as her insides continued to squeeze his tongue.

She was so tight; thankfully Vritra's defense was extremely high, otherwise he might have lost his tongue.

SLURP SLURP

'So sweet.' Sucking into her vagina, Vritra's mouth was filled with her warm juices; he continued to drink them, savoring every drop.

Yasmine wanted to last as long as possible.

But under the constant assault of his tongue at her weak points, she suddenly felt very strange as if something was building up inside her.

The soft walls tightened even more as Vritra increased the force, scratching deep in her body.

SQUIRT

And before she knew it, a clear, warm, and sweet liquid was rushing out of her vagina and flooding into his mouth.

A burst of warm, sweet nectar rushed out of Yasmine's vagina as her body jerked at this unbelievable sensation.

For a moment, she even wondered if she had actually peed, but this was completely different.

Not that she had any time to think.

Still, seeing her husband's mouth attached to her labia, his long tongue buried so deep in her pussy, and his throat constantly moving as he drank her love juices made this experience a lot more erotic.

Her face had turned red because of heat and seeing his mouth on her lower body; the dragoness just loved it.

This experience almost made her thank her past self for making the choices she did, allowing her to now experience heaven.

Only the feeling of rushing nectar and his tongue remained embedded in her body. Experiencing her first orgasm, the waifu pressed her pussy tighter against his mouth.

Hearing the constant sound of his gulping, Yasmine felt slightly embarrassed but also excited; the climax was too strong for her to even speak.

After Vritra had drunk several mouthfuls of the warm juice, Yasmine's body finally relaxed as her climax ended.

He licked her walls while pulling his tongue out of her vagina; then he licked her wet petals one last time and finally pulled his face away from her entrance.

His tongue returned to normal size as Vritra licked his lips while gazing down at her pulsating vagina.

"This really haa looks like a beautiful pink flower. Wifey, you are so delicious. Every part of your body is so damn tasty; can't believe I was missing out on this all this time." Vritra found it to be such a pity.

Only if Dago wasn't such a bastard, then he could have helped Yasmine take her body back a long time ago.

But late is better than never; Vritra loved her taste. He couldn't help but go for round two of eating her out.

And she wanted it too, so he decided to give some extra service to his first wife.

Yasmine was breathing heavily, her chest rising and falling with each breath.

"Ahhhh?! Uuummpphhh~" But suddenly, she was lost for breath as Vritra's lips once again descended over her drenched vagina.

This was even more stimulating since she wasn't expecting it, and hence wasn't ready, not to mention already sensitive from her first orgasm.

But Vritra didn't even give her time as his tongue once again plunged into the tight confines of her fleshy, wet, and hot insides.

The poor dragoness couldn't even speak as only moans came out of her mouth.

Yet Yasmine felt even better, her body and body consumed by the feeling of euphoria.

❖❖❖