Chapter 628 Earthquake

Heavy punches descended on the zombie as Ron tried to kill it.

His heart was full of regret.

He should have listened to Lad and left this place before.

But suddenly, his body began to slow down and a sharp pain struck his mind.

Diana used a debuff, Yasmine launched a spiritual attack, Vanessa made him feel sluggish and confused.

Suddenly, the blood in his body started to churn, making his heart beat way faster as an intense feeling of fear filled his heart.

'I have to run!'

He gave up the idea of revenge and just wanted to flee.

But just as he turned, he was surrounded by an invisible wall that made him freeze momentarily.

BANG

That was enough time for the deaf zombie.

Its wild punches descended on Ron as cracks formed over his metal body.

Only his skin was metallic.

His insides were still the same as ever.

A blood red fire bird flew and suddenly struck his face, burning his eyes as Ron screamed, madly punching at the zombie.

"Perfect hehe." Fiona smiled, sending more fire birds.

All of them coordinated, as they made the fight more brutal.

And before long, both the zombie and Ron were badly injured, their figures bloody.

"Alright, that's enough. Gotta steal the kill now."

Vritra smiled as he threw out a knife that plunged straight into the zombie's mouth.

He rushed forward and plunged the machete into the frozen zombie's head, destroying its brain.

Finally, he turned to look at the injured Ron, who could barely stand.

"Hello there, sorry for the intrusion. You see, we are new here." Vritra spoke as he walked closer.

"Y- You COUGH bastard, why did you… ugh we d- didn't even do anythi... t- to you"

[Blood Manipulation Activated!]

Now that Ron was so weak and his defenses gone, the blood suddenly turned into blades and plunged into his own brain, killing him.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +96}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +98}

Vritra was quite happy with his gains.

He quickly looked at his stats.

{Sin Points: 2826}

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 7.8)

(Agility: 7.8)

(Endurance: 6.7)

(Spiritual: 4.2)

』

"Nice! I wonder how many attributes I could gain from the wheel." He thought and decided to go back up.

This place was covered in blood, so mutant creatures might swarm here soon.

After returning to their original apartment, Vritra looked at the illusory Sin Wheel.

"Hmm, I think the 100 points lottery will have a higher chance of getting attributes.

Alright, let's draw the 100 points lottery with all my points."

He thought and instantly 2800 points were gone, in return for 28 rewards.

[Congratulations, you have obtained 1 Free attribute!]

[Congratulations, you have obtained 100 litre Petrol!]

[Congratulations, you have obtained 100 steak meal kits!]

…

Quickly, exactly 28 messages popped up before him. Most were various supplies.

"I got 2 spiritual, 1 agility, and 1 free attribute point, ha that's 4 points worth eight thousand!"

Vritra was quite happy with the rewards.

This was certainly better than 50 points, and even the supplies were in bigger quantity.

The spiritual and agility attributes were added automatically, making him feel refreshed.

His mind had that comfortable cool feeling.

The free attribute point remained. After thinking, Vritra decided to keep it for now.

"Alright, after we kill that darkness mutant above, we will be leaving this building." Vritra said.

"Hubby, let's eat now. I am starting to feel hungry. I had almost forgotten hunger once my strength grew." Yasmine spoke happily.

Even their strength grew after killing all those men.

It was not as fast as Vritra because of the wheel, but they were faster than the people of this planet.

The mood was light as Vritra took out the supplies he had collected and shared them with others.

In case they separated by accident, everyone would have some amount of essentials.

All of them still had inventories, thankfully.

They took their time eating, chatting normally, and just enjoying this time.

Once they were out of the building, things would be very dangerous.

After eating, they all headed to the dark corridor.

With their current stats and combined abilities, it wouldn't be hard to kill that creature.

Teresa pushed the darkness back, and Vritra charged in directly, while others supported him fighting from behind or alongside him.

At the centre, a strange mutant was revealed.

Its torso was pressed against the ground and it had limbs like a spider, as it looked at them with countless eyes.

It pounced at them, the limbs stabbing like spears while exhaling darkness that seemed to make their minds shaky.

The battle was still quite dangerous, as they all used their abilities, going all out to defeat it.

…

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +124}

HUFF HUFF

All of them panted heavily. The energy in their bodies was nearly exhausted.

That was the strongest mutant they had killed so far.

It alone had increased his stats by 0.3.

"Hoo, finally we are done. Let's go up and check that place as well."

There was one more floor, and upon checking it they didn't really find anything.

Even the corpses were too torn, while there wasn't a sign of any zombie.

"Looks like there is nothing left in this building. It is time to head out." Vritra said solemnly.

Their goal was to move towards the tower.

First, they climbed onto the terrace, and now the tower was a bit clearer.

Though the terrace too was covered in snow.

"That looks pretty far." The goddess spoke. No wonder they got quite a lot of time.

And in such snow, no vehicle could move on the road.

"Hmm, we should still avoid that giant mutant. We are no match for it." Vritra said as they turned to leave.

But amidst the fog he noticed something.

Vritra focused, and with his heightened senses he could see farther than the others.

Somehow the buildings in the distance were shaking wildly, as if there was a strong earthquake.

And somehow, one by one, all buildings were starting to shake violently.

BOOOOM

A building suddenly tilted and then fell, as a big cloud of mist rose, the big building turning into rubble.

As the earthquake got a bit closer, Vritra suddenly noticed that there was actually something under the ground, and it was very very huge.

"RUN!" He shouted and grabbed the hands of his wives closest to him, rushing towards the other corner of the terrace.

All of them were stunned but quickly followed Vritra.

By now they too noticed the strong earthquake.

Moments later, their building and the ones surrounding it began to shake fiercely.

After a moment, a couple of buildings even rose slightly before falling while creating loud noise.

Vritra and the others almost lost their balance as the building began to fall towards the left, but thankfully he had reacted quickly.

His agility was already over 9. He quickly glanced over his family, then at the surroundings.

[Adding 1 Free Attribute Point to agility.]

And now it was over 10. As if reaching a milestone, there was a sudden jump in his speed.

Moving at full speed, he grabbed Fiona and Diana's hands before throwing them towards the ceiling of the other building.

Thankfully the others seemed to be holding on.

Whatever was wriggling under the ground wasn't close to that building.

Vritra quickly tossed everyone to the other side before they even knew what was happening.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...