Chapter 678 A Crazy Woman

Some distance away, a girl with long blonde hair sat over a cloud, in her hand was a small orb.

It was the message the administrator had sent.

Just a bit longer, and using the chaos the death of an administrator would bring, she would be able to meet him.

Revealing herself would have put Vritra in danger and her family would have found out.

So, she needed to create some chaos first, and what could be more chaotic than the death of an administrator.

"Go ahead my love, kill him, I am here to support you." She muttered, her voice like a spell that could hypnotize anyone.

The crazed look in her intensified as she gazed at Vritra, seeing him fight so fearlessly made her want to pull him into a tight embrace.

Although all those 9 years were just an illusion, a memory that doesn't exist and Vritra isn't even aware of.

But she had spent 9 whole years with him, there were just the two of them.

With her personality, she didn't really like or trust him at first, but when she fell for him, the world became meaningless, she fell hard.

They had spent nearly seven years as husband and wife, although it was not real, but that was exactly how Vritra is in reality.

Just to meet him faster, she had committed too many crimes of the higher being society.

And knowing the rules and regulations, knowing her family, she knew they would never let her be with a normal human.

But none of it mattered, he belonged solely to her, no matter what she would have to do for that.

As for a mere god, what can they even do to him? She would rather kill all ten of the gods overlooking this game.

…

On the other side, the protector and Vritra looked strangely at the administrator, who floated with confidence.

"How long before your gods appear?" Vritra asked, holding the spear.

He didn't know either what would happen if a god really got involved.

"Hmph Wait, they will be here soon. I don't wish to use the god's punishment upon you two so just wait for the god's decision." The administrator spoke.

A few seconds passed and then a whole minute passed, and the administrator frowned, something was wrong.

At that moment, both Vritra and the protector moved, launching powerful attacks at the frowning administrator.

Caught off guard, several chains pierced through his body and the spear pierced into his forehead.

"Y- You… Don't you fear the god?" even as his brain got destroyed, he glared at the two.

His remaining hand moved as he took out another orb, and Vritra recognised it all too well.

SWISH

He slashed and hurriedly cut off the remaining arm, catching the god's punishment and storing it away.

The two again madly launched attacks upon attacks, riddling his body with holes.

The administrator tried to kill Vritra so many times but even when the protector was away, none of his attacks connected.

'Who is helping him? I have to escape!' finally fear crept into his heart.

Just like the gods, the administrators were greedy beings that move mostly for their profits.

He wouldn't want to die just to capture these guys, so turning around, he tried to flee.

The chains quickly wrapped around him and Vritra slashed off his neck before stabbing the spear into the administrator's energy core.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!

The body of the administrator was torn to pieces, as the sky suddenly brightened, covered by intense violent energy.

Vritra was blasted back along with the protector, as the administrator died.

The blonde sitting not too far away snapped her fingers and destroyed the soul and the secret signal he had sent before his death.

[Congratulations! Special secret task completed!!]

[You have killed an administrator!!]

[You have been rewarded with 100 Strength Attribute points.]

[You have been rewarded with 100 Agility Attribute points.]

[You have been rewarded with 100 Endurance Attribute points.]

[You have been rewarded with 100 Spiritual Attribute points.]

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +1,000,000}

[You have been rewarded with the Infinite Evolution Ascension Path!]

Suddenly, waves of messages flashed before Vritra, as a warmth enveloped him.

His strength rose rapidly, both mind and body relaxed as a powerful wave of energy buzzed around him.

All his stats had surpassed 200 and the Spiritual attribute had even crossed 300, the jump was too big.

'Whoa, 1 million Sin points!!' looking at the messages, Vritra was quite surprised.

He hadn't expected any sort of reward for doing that, instead expected a chase from other administrators.

But this was a pleasant surprise.

He stood up, seeing the wounds on his body heal rapidly, and glanced at his status panel.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 270.6)

(Agility: 278.3)

(Endurance: 272.8)

(Spiritual: 315.3)

{Free Attribute: 16}

』

{Sin Points: 1,027,920}

"And another ascension path!" this was an unexpected gain, but right now there was something else he needed to worry about.

"So Vritra, now that you have killed an administrator, you won't be able to participate in the game anyway. Why don't you just come along?" the protector asked.

He was actually surprised that the administrator was killed so easily, it was actually way too easy.

It made him feel uneasy, maybe there was someone else here.

Despite the jump in Vritra's strength, he could not yet defeat the protector.

'Hey, Divine, you got any ideas?' taking the fighting pose as the spear flew back into his hand, Vritra asked.

"Sigh so, you want to resist till the end- COUGH" suddenly, intense pain shot through the protector's mind and body.

As if he was about to be torn apart, he had never felt death so clearly, his entire body was wrapped by a dreadful pressure.

And then a single voice sounded in his mind…

'LEAVE!!'

His knees trembled, entire body shaking as he almost fell to the ground.

But knowing that a second more here would mean death, the protector said nothing more and flew away at full speed.

"Huh? What was that?" Vritra couldn't understand why this guy suddenly left.

Whatever might be the case, it was time to find his family and continue with this game, while being more careful.

But right as he was about to fly away, a strange thought appeared in his mind.

'Wait, they are fine but first I need to use the Infinite Evolution Ascension Path.'

Before he could think further, he was holding the ascension path stone and inserted energy into it.

This was strange, too strange… why was he being so reckless again? He should have gone to meet his family first.

But before he could think anything else, the evolution began…

This time, not a forceful one.

The stone slowly broke into dust, wrapping all around his body, as he floated up glowing like a sun.

Vritra could feel the slight shift in his body and then his consciousness was consumed by darkness.

He lost all sensations, just allowing the evolution. The whole surroundings were consumed by an even bigger phenomenon.

***

An unknown time later, Vritra's senses slowly began to return.

His eyes were shut tight, and he found himself lying on a soft comfortable bed.

'Where am I? Did they find me?' he wondered if it was Yasmine, Maeve and the others.

As seconds ticked by, he started to feel more of his surroundings.

Vritra felt slight weight over his abdomen, as if someone was seated there.

Something soft pressing against his chest…

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios