Chapter 546 Justice

And now he hit his wife too, but he knew just how mannerless and bitchy a woman his wife is, so he spoke:

"I will punish him later, why don't you go and get treated first?"

"NO! You have to punish him right now, look how badly he injured me. What would people say if they were to know this?

Just kill this bastard, we can find a different man for that bli- cough Teresa." She suggested.

"Sigh. All of you, leave, this is just a small matter." Sir Giant said to the guards, making them disperse.

"No one is allowed to leave, everyone has to witness how one is punished if they dared to attack the wife of the monarch in their own house.

Shen, why are you hesitating, he is just a stranger." Sakshi felt even more enraged. She thought Vritra would be beaten the moment they all arrived, but no one was on her side.

"Fine, don't kill him, but let me hit him too, then we would be even." She compromised, but that too would be fine.

"Don't even think about it, he is our guest. How would it make us look if my grandson-in-law is hit in our territory?" Sir Giant shook his head. He too knew that she must have said something.

But knowing Sakshi, she wouldn't let the matter rest easily.

"Ughh. What about me? My respect? Are you not going to do anything? At least make him apologize…" the thin woman was growing angrier by the moment. It was the first time her own family was acting like this towards her.

"Mother, just leave. I am sure you must have said something about Aunty.

 Guards, please gently escort my mother to her room and get someone to seal her mout- I mean heal her." Rich spoke, gesturing to the guards.

Rich and Teresa had both greatly contributed to the family's explosive growth. Rich was a business genius, he alone possessed wealth more than the other four families combined.

While Teresa had helped with all her treasures.

Although Rich didn't interfere much in family affairs, he just didn't like his mother's behavior.

"Rich!! How can you talk to your own mother in such a manner? Everything aside, he hit me, so at least shouldn't he apologize to me?" Sakshi shouted.

"Enough, leave now." Shen shouted. Vritra had even slapped him, what could he even say.

"B- But…" Sakshi tried to speak, but there wasn't anyone supporting her, so she could only use her last resort.

"Shen, if you don't make him apologize now, then…" she made a gesture with her eyes, as if reminding him of something.

"Ughh." Shen grimaced. Sir Giant and Rich turned and left, leaving Shen to handle it all.

The monarch of the Ford family stood silently for a few moments, torn between the two hard choices.

"Um, B- Brother-in-law, would you just quickly apologize to her?" he asked.

"No, and stop wasting my time. Drag this bitch away. Haa, it feels like my eyes got dirty just looking at her. I need to heal by looking at Tess." Vritra said.

This was definitely the most annoying woman he had seen in his life.

And she had just claimed a spot on his list along with several names like Oracle and others.

The more he looked at her face, the more annoyed he became.

With a thought, he snapped her bones near her knee as her leg bent backward, and she suddenly fell forward.

Her face smashed straight into the floor. If her nose wasn't broken earlier, then it surely was now.

"Uwaaaaah." Vritra enjoyed the scene for a few seconds, then she got dragged away by the guards.

"I- I apologize on her behalf-" Shen was speaking, but Vritra just shooed him away.

"Get lost, I don't have time for your family drama." Then he walked back inside and shut the door with a loud bang.

'Sigh… wasn't he supposed to be pretty meek? But how did her leg break? He didn't move nor use any mana?' Shen wondered as he finally walked away, ordering someone to clean the place.

Teresa was still nervously standing there. She knew how vicious Sakshi was and was worried for Vritra.

But the scene outside shocked her.

Vritra stepped back into the room and looked at Teresa.

"Has she always been like this?" he asked instead of directly asking the main question.

"…Yes, my brother was forced into the marriage because her father helped us once, and Grandpa made a promise to her father to return the favor." Teresa answered, relaxing a little.

Just talking normally like this was quite abnormal for her. She and her family always had to be careful not to come in contact.

"Oh, don't tell me she made you steal her bad fate?" Vritra asked dramatically.

"No, she didn't. Brother and Grandpa always made sure of that, she never got to enter my room." Teresa added.

"That's good. So she only made your life difficult with her taunts, curses, and such? Maybe hurting indirectly?" Vritra said casually. He knew perfectly how to get her to say it.

Normally she might not have answered. Being as kind as she was, Teresa wouldn't want anyone to be hurt or sad.

"Yeah…" she nodded, not thinking much of it.

'So that bitch did make Tess suffer. I will turn her life into a living nightmare.' He thought.

"I see. Go ahead and take a bath, we will be leaving soon." Vritra said, patting her head.

Teresa nodded and walked away.

Before long, Vritra, Gunter, Ava, Rich, and the others were all seated in a dining hall.

Food was served for them. For a while, they ate in silence. Sakshi was there too, her leg and head already healed.

Teresa stayed in her room. It would be too dangerous for her to go out in the open.

"I apologize for any mistakes we made and our shortcomings. Now that our two families have become one, we will be present if you were to face any problems in the future." Shen spoke calmly as everyone finished eating.

"Haha. Of course, helping each other is only natural. Thank you for everything." Gunter replied. Initially, he was quite upset that his son was getting forced into this marriage.

But now, the guilt was driven away, and even Vritra seemed to like her.

Though knowing her real identity, this relationship would be anything but normal.

Everyone knew her now. Many might try to assassinate or abduct her, and even before that, would the Ford family let her leave?

"Brother-in-law, you can live here from no-" Shen was just speaking, but Vritra, who was poking his empty plate with a fork, accidentally used too much force.

The fork flew away from his hand accidentally, and then it directly went inside Sakshi's mouth, who had opened her mouth wide to take a bite of her dish.

COUGH

It pierced into her flesh, cutting off her uvula.

Her mouth was left open, eyes wide with shock, as a sudden wave of pain assaulted her senses.

She choked, coughing blood, and started spasming wildly.

"Oops, sorry." Vritra said, as if he had only dropped his spoon and it wasn't a big deal.

For a few moments, everyone stared in shock while the woman continued to spasm.

Then they hurriedly took her away for treatment.

❖❖❖