Chapter 700 A Happy Sendoff

"Yes, I will help you but there is a condition." Vritra said as an evil smile flashed over his face.

Morgan, standing in the other circle, shivered. Because of that bald bastard, he still couldn't stand up straight.

The wound in his ass was too deep, what was this devil planning now?

Morgan glanced at the other nine men, their eyes were bloodshot and full of rage, he was sure they would do anything to survive.

'I have to kill them first before they do something!!' an urgent need to do something rose in his heart, but before he could do anything, a blood vine wrapped around his arms.

"You bastard, how dare you plot against me, I am going to kill you!" Morgan shouted as he tried to push several men away but was suddenly struck to the ground by the vines.

The other men who were looking at Vritra were startled, then they became even more angry.

This man tried to kill these people whose minds were already full of bloodshed, they had lost all senses except rage.

BANG

BAM

THUD CRASH

All of them started to kick and punch Morgan, one even broke his arms.

Vritra watched the scene for a couple of minutes in satisfaction, then he spoke in a hurry.

"Wait, don't kill him, if you do how are you going to fulfil the condition?"

Hearing that, they all stopped and looked back at Vritra. Just waiting for him to say the word, they were even ready to tear this man apart and eat him alive.

"I want you all to fuck him to death, give him the death by snu snu, making his last moment as painfully enjoyable as you can!!" Vritra announced, this was the best sort of punishment for such pigs.

"…" Morgan, lying on the ground with his arms broken, was completely baffled and speechless.

He was a player, a demi god, how dare this lowly human even say such things about him.

Morgan felt humiliated and enraged, he instantly wanted to unleash all his power and kill Vritra on the spot for such words.

Unfortunately, he couldn't really use any of his abilities, as they all depended on his subordinates which were already dead.

"You bastard, I am a demi god!! How dare you speak- ughhh what the fuck are you doing? Wai- Ouch don't turn me over ahhhh M- My clothes, don't tear- ughhhh"

As Morgan screamed, the other men knew that to survive they had to fulfil this condition.

Their blood thirsty gazes moved towards Morgan at the same time.

The player, the demi god at level two, was terrified.

His clothes were torn, he was turned over and all of them pounced on him like madmen.

Vritra moved back, he looked away as the sight became too disgusting.

While these people were busy, he decided to kill a few more beasts and then he could call his family inside.

Morgan screamed, no holes were barred, as he got covered in the disgusting fluid of the nine other men.

His screams and the sound of flesh colliding were drowned among the screams of the beasts.

Vritra held the dual swords and jumped among the horde of the beasts.

WHOOSH

Swords cut through the air, beheading two at the same time as he kicked and jumped higher.

Killing them was still not difficult for him, and they were giving a good amount of sin points.

'Keep opening 1000 sin points worth lotteries.' Vritra ordered, he wasn't planning to collect sin points for now.

Better to just get attributes out of them.

Minutes passed rapidly though for Morgan time was passing too slowly, his mouth, ass, all of it was stuffed.

He was surrounded by the smelly rods of other men, but he couldn't do anything.

The men had already gone mad, they pushed past their limits while assaulting Morgan.

And three of them actually passed away because of over exertion, doing too much with too much force.

It could be imagined how bad of a condition Morgan was in, he only felt regret, humiliation and rage.

"Uwaaaaaah!! This bastard bit me!! Break all his teeth!!" one man held his bloodied member and started to punch Morgan's face.

And once all his teeth were gone, the torture continued.

Nearly after an hour, Morgan had finally passed away, veins in his head exploded because of the humiliation.

A demi god dying such a humiliating death, it was just unimaginable.

"Sir huff huff w- we did it, we fucked him to death!!" the remaining six men shouted, hoping that Vritra could keep his promise.

Blood was leaking from their eyes, rage had completely taken over.

"Hmm so you are done, good job. I can help you leave this cave." Vritra nodded.

As he jumped into the safe circle left here by Evelyn, then started to walk towards them.

"Come inside, I can take you out." He said.

The six glanced at one another and jumped to the other circle, but their minds were already gone, they attacked Vritra the moment they entered the circle.

"Sigh" Shaking his head, Vritra just continued to walk as the bodies of the six men exploded at once.

He gave them a chance, too bad it was already too late.

"I have already told my wives about Evelyn but I can't tell what she did today." Vritra spoke to himself, since Divine could help, he would leave the progression to that guy.

No way he could tell his wives that he just played a game with a beautiful woman who sucked his penis and made him cum six times.

Sighing he pushed open the door, hoping that the beasts couldn't leave this room.

Just to be sure, he created a blood wall around the door.

DRRRRRRR…

As the door opened slightly, everyone standing outside was alerted and they looked cautiously.

"Hubby!!" Yasmine exclaimed and was the first to jump into his arms.

"Come inside, we can fight together now." He spoke as everyone entered the circle.

"Whoa, these creatures are huge! Can we really kill them?" Shitless asked, looking up at the big beasts.

"Yeah, here take these-" Vritra was speaking when Yennefer got closer and sniffed.

"Husband, why do you… have a scent of a woman on you?" she asked.

"Haa Evelyn was here again, she gave me these shields." Vritra said, hoping he didn't need to explain everything that happened.

He handed them all a paper slip which instantly turned into an energy shield around their bodies.

"She was here too? Hmm I wonder why she is following you, did she tell you anything honey?" Vanessa asked worriedly.

"Yes, it is because of that love pill I have tossed out." Vritra spoke as the group walked back and saw the mess on the ground.

Pieces of human corpses and beasts' corpses were lying over the ground, the creatures were devouring it.

"Ah that same pill Yennefer was trapped in?" Teresa asked, that was an interesting pill.

"Yes, she got the bigger part and said we were married and all in that illusion, that's why she is here." Vritra shrugged.

"At least she is not here to hurt you, that's already good enough." Fiona spoke with a faint smile.

And now she was kinda numb to Vritra getting new women, especially after Teresa, so she wouldn't really mind if another got added.

"Yeah, anyway, shall we start hunting these beasts?"

The group faced the horde and the grind began!

❖❖❖