Chapter 288: Onest

Vritra held the thief’s collar and shook him violently, just when the dizzy man was about to shout back, the two noticed hundreds of pairs of eyes locked onto them.

He and the thief looked around them, it seemed they had accidentally crashed into some sort of event, and almost all of the people gathered there seemed above the 2nd Legion rank.

After looking at them, Vritra focused his attention back on the thief as he slapped him hard before speaking: "Return what you stole from me."

Getting back to his senses, the man pushed Vritra’s hands away and jumped back, rubbing his head and wiping off the blood; after cracking his jaw he spoke: "Come on dude, I only stole just a few gold coins, I didn’t think you would be that petty. Ha, just take them."

After speaking he threw the gold coins towards Vritra as they landed near his feet, but Vritra’s face remained just as enraged.

"I don’t need the gold, return Zengis to me."

"Huh? I am a respected thief, not a kidnapper, I have not taken anything other than those gold coins and a low level weapon, you know I was testing my skills." He said.

"You crook, that is Zengis, return him to me." Vritra shouted, barely holding himself from transforming into a demon and turning his head into minced meat.

"What?!! So all of this was just because of a low level stone?!!" he asked in surprise.

"That is my friend, now shut the fuck up and return him." Vritra said as he took a menacing step forward.

"Hah What a psycho, fine take it back. And I am not Crook, my name is Onest." After speaking he took out Zengis from his inventory and then tossed it towards Vritra who caught it and after looking over it, he put Zengis back into his inventory.

"Onest? Were your parents on meth when they named you? You should be named Mugger. And since you are so desperate then keep this, your well-earned pittance." While speaking, Vritra flicked his finger as the gold coins on the ground flew towards Onest.

"You jerk, I am not a beggar!!" Onest shouted as he dodged the deadly gold coins.

"Heh you speak as if being a thief is better than being a beggar. You useless weight of society." Vritra retorted.

"At least I am not psycho enough to call a rock my frien—" Onest was speaking when the two’s fight was interrupted.

"Young men, stop fighting. Sigh Seriously, the two of you are fighting like teenagers—" An old man stepped out of the crowd and spoke.

"But I am nineteen." Vritra looked at the old man and said, making him pause.

The old man had a height of around five feet and a long beard, he stood with his chest puffed out and hands behind his back, the aura around him was quite strong.

The old man seemed centuries old and with a calm demeanor.

"Hmmm Interesting, anyway, you two are here for the recruitment, right?" the old man questioned, his eyes narrowing dangerously at the two.

A heavy pressure descended upon the two, making them freeze for a moment.

He was way too strong, definitely even stronger than Dark Knight and Hellmancer. Vritra and Onest glanced at one another but none could speak a word.

After a moment, Vritra asked while enduring the oppressive pressure: "... This is the recruitment for the Agent position, right?"

The old man relaxed and the pressure disappeared instantly, he smiled towards Vritra and with a curt nod of his head he replied:

"Yes, although you came a bit late but seeing your youthfulness I am reminded of my younger days, haa I still remember my first love. Cough anyway, I have decided to give you a chance."

"But sir, all the others had already been tested, I don’t think they would be happy about this—" a man who looked like someone managing the event spoke respectfully.

And the more than hundred people who looked exhausted and worn out were glaring at Vritra and Onest.

The old man raised his hand and silenced everyone, then he sized up the two young men. Onest looked to be in his twenties, and quite handsome, his muscles were properly developed but he had a lean body, looking very agile.

He had brown hair and a face that looked so innocent, but from his clothes he seemed rather poor.

On the other hand, Vritra looked rich, extremely handsome and very weak, as if he was suffering from some serious disease.

But the strange thing was that just now, it seemed Vritra was the one who was winning in their battle despite his appearance and lower level.

"I have made up my mind, I will let these two youngsters take the tests, we are searching for the best, what does it matter if their tests were taken a little late." The old man spoke, glancing back.

’Sigh so this is the Slave Beast Gang, how strange that I ended up here. But since I was planning to join anyway so I guess it’s all good.’

Vritra thought, then he glanced at Onest and said in a whisper: "This kind of place is just perfect for a mugger like you."

But unlike what Vritra expected, Onest didn’t retort, instead he dazedly stared around at the people and the place.

Vritra was new here so he wasn’t aware, but as someone living in the White Kingdom since birth, he was well aware about the organisation they were surrounded by.

’S- Shit, how did I end up at the base of the Golden Moon? I am a thief, how can I join the Golden Moon?!!’ he gulped. What he didn’t know was that a demon was also about to join the Golden Moon along with him.

"Sir, I am ready to take the tests." Vritra said, feeling amused by Onest’s reaction.

"Good good, and what about you, young man?" the old man looked at Onest and questioned, there was a faint smile on his face.

"Um... I just came here to bring this good friend of mine to this place, since he is new here, anyway I will be taking my leave now." Onest said, then turned around.

"Aye Don’t be shy now, my friend, you were so excited about becoming an agent. Haha sir, he is just nervous, my friend here is a little sissy.

Sigh You won’t believe, he still needs to hold his mum’s hand while peeing at night." Vritra said with a shake of his head.

’You Fuckerrrr, stop it!! We just met, this psycho I am so going to skin you alive.’ Onest felt like crying, as he chewed on his fingers.

"N- No sir, I am not like that— I mean I am not here to—"

"Hahaha You two are quite funny, in any case, let’s not waste anymore time and get to the tests, shall we?" the old man interrupted him and pointed towards one part of the large field.

’Heh How do you like that, asshole Mugger.’ Vritra looked at him with a big grin.

’Just you wait, psycho, I will get back at you for this.’ Onest cursed, as the two were brought in front of a square platform.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...