Chapter 448: Plague city

Vritra filled both Maeve and Yennefer several times, they went at it for several hours, and the competition between the two ladies continued.

Only after they were completely tired did the two women stop, their bellies filled with his semen.

After this night, at least the relation between the two would be good. Several hours past midnight, the three finally fell asleep, sleeping naked under the sheet.

Hugging Vritra tightly.

For both of them, this was a great night.

***

[D-Day 10]

The next morning they woke up a little late. Leaving the hotel, they flew together towards the arena.

"Foxie, contact Crow and ask if the information is ready," Vritra said, while thinking of more ways to increase his sin points during the game.

"Yes, master." Maeve nodded. She was in a really great mood; it was as if a completely new world had opened for her.

Taking out the glyph, she contacted Crow, and within a few moments, the familiar but fearful voice of a person sounded.

"H-Hello?"

"Did you find anything?" Maeve questioned.

Crow relaxed a bit after finding that Maeve was the one talking to him and not Vritra, then his voice turned solemn as he replied:

"Yes, I did find something, but if you plan to go anywhere near them, then I would suggest you drop the idea. Even the emperor gave up on trying to capture them.

If those things really erupt, then the entire continent might get ruined." Crow warned.

Despite deploying so many World Information Centre’s top spies, they were barely able to obtain any info.

"Just tell me what you found, we can set up another session to hear your advice," Vritra interrupted.

"Oh y-yes, forgive me. We were only able to find a little about the Arthal Plague Rats. Somehow their attacks could pass through almost all defenses.

They use some sort of powerful radioactive radiations, or so I heard.

Just a light touch could be really deadly. That’s all I could find out about their abilities.

As for their hideout, there is a high chance you can find them in the plague city, under the first temple," Crow explained.

"First temple?" Vritra muttered.

"Yes, that was previously the biggest and main temple of the continent, but internally it was overtaken by the Nine Pacts, and that’s exactly where those creatures were made — the worshippers turned into those monsters," Crow added.

"Alright, I will contact you again if I have something to ask," Vritra said, pondering about radioactive radiations.

That really might be tricky to deal with, and he wasn’t sure if his physique could save him against it.

He had read about it before, how it could destroy the body.

’Wifey, you know the way to that first temple?’

Vritra questioned, planning to check that place out later on.

"Yes, I have seen it," Yasmine answered.

Along the way, she explained to Vritra how deadly the said radioactive radiations were.

They were way more effective and dangerous than what he might have heard on Earth.

The game started a bit late, but it was just as fun nonetheless, with the number of people even greater than before.

The sheer number already surpassed what it was in the White Kingdom — the arena was almost full.

After a few hours, he announced a break of ten minutes. Looking up, Vritra saw General Sirius hiding in the sky and watching everything.

Flying up, Vritra questioned, "General, can you ask the emperor if he has any treasure that could increase luck?"

He had also asked Maeve and Yennefer, but they didn’t have any. It was quite rare, after all.

"Ah, luck treasure? Hmm, sure, I will relay your message.

With all the help you have done for us, I am sure the emperor wouldn’t mind rewarding you with it," Sirius replied.

"Alright, thank you."

Vritra nodded, and after some casual talking, he returned down into the fighting area.

’If I can get something, then it would be really nice,’ Vritra thought, preparing for the wheel roll he was about to do soon.

The game ended near the evening. Raelion finally had his second ball burst, as he lay on the ground full of grief and pain.

He was an almighty demon lord, someone who made the world tremble in fear, someone who could destroy cities easily.

And here he was, getting mocked by these nobodies, losing his balls and all the respect.

Vritra threw all these people into the dimensional book and got ready to leave. He looked at Maeve and Yennefer before speaking, "Return to the hotel, I need to check that temple."

"Master, let us come with you. I am sure we would be more of a help than a burden."

"Yeah, husband, she is a little weak, but it will be fine. It will be a lot easier with the three of us there."

Both said one by one. Vritra thought for a few seconds — their strength could really be useful, but he still liked solo adventures more.

"Alright, you will be my backups, but you will have to follow my instructions," Vritra said.

But before going to the plague city, he planned to visit Diana and Fiona and also get news about Vanessa.

Together they flew away. Vritra told them about his plans, so they headed towards the City of Charms.

But he wasn’t planning to make them meet with Diana and Fiona just yet — it could wait a bit.

Upon arriving in the city, there was only silence and emptiness.

They could also feel a few powerful energies spreading all over the place.

’Looks like the emperor is planning something along with others,’ Vritra thought. But for now, he could only focus on increasing his strength.

Maeve and Yennefer stayed outside together, as he headed towards the City of Charms.

He couldn’t stay there for too long for now.

Arriving inside, Vritra sensed that both the ladies were inside the house; they seemed to be preparing dinner.

"Oh, they are both progressing rather quickly in their comprehensions," Yasmine muttered as they got closer to the house.

"Yeah, and here I am still stuck. I really need to hurry it up. Just a little more time," Vritra mumbled before knocking on the door.

Fiona hurried towards the door, and as she opened it, a surprised expression appeared on her face before a big smile broke out.

"Darling! You are finally back." She threw herself into his arms instantly, hugging him tightly.

Hearing her voice, Diana also came towards the door.

Just not seeing them for a few days, both looked even more stunning and alluring.

Had he not been in a hurry, Vritra would have loved to stay with them.

"Dear, what took you so long?" Diana muttered, as she slowly slid into his embrace.

The goddess seemed so much more mature than before, making her appear even more tempting.

"Yeah, sorry. Mm, what are you cooking? It smells so good," Vritra said, hugging them both one by one.

The three walked inside, closing the door behind them.

Vritra shared his experience outside, telling them everything about the game and even telling a little about Maeve.

Fiona and Diana both really wanted to watch that game, but bringing them outside at such a time could be really dangerous.

But through Hellmancer, he could let them watch the game while staying here.

They ate together, enjoying the lovely time they could spend, laughing and chatting.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...