Chapter 470: Doom

The whole place buzzed with the cheers of the crowd, as hundreds of thousands of people urged Vritra to start the game.

But strangely, Vritra no longer received the notification from all the crowd. He stood stunned at the entrance, staring at the single notification.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +3}

’Why... just 3?’

"Is something wrong, big brother?" Amy blinked her big eyes and questioned, pulling his finger.

"It’s... nothing." Vritra said, again acting casual as he walked inside.

’So it has already started, this is a bit earlier than I expected.’ Vritra was just thinking when suddenly a figure in red clothes flashed in the air, letting out a loud laugh.

"Hahahahaha... haa, so we meet again, Vritra. Stop pretending, I know you have already noticed it by now, as expected of someone I have chosen." Red spoke, and for some reason he had covered his skinless body completely, even wearing a mask.

Maybe Vritra’s insult hit him hard the previous time.

"Sigh, so how did you find me?" Vritra removed his disguise as he appeared in his real form, wearing a black outfit.

The three people standing beside him were rather surprised by the sudden changes, they stood there, trembling.

"No matter how good you might be at hiding, there are always ways to find you. Now enough with this, I will forget about all your previous offences, so just join the Bone Blood Cult and together we wil–" Red was interrupted by Vritra before he could finish.

"Hah, and here is the guy who can’t understand the meaning of the word no. There is no way you can force me to join you. And where did you put all these people?" Vritra looked to the side, at the illusion of people that was still in place.

But rather than a mere illusion, it was more like puppets, being controlled by someone.

"This was all done by the human emperor. Anyway, aren’t you worried about your women? I am surprised you let them go despite being aware of the danger." Red continued, his gaze moving between the four of them.

"You don’t have to worry about that, they are quite capable. Anyway, did you come alone?" Vritra asked, before turning to the three and telling them to leave the place.

"Of course not, I am the first to arrive here, so if you agree maybe I will still be able to take you away from here. And no one is leaving this place." Red suddenly pointed his finger towards the three.

[Null Activated]

"No–" Vritra instantly used Null to freeze Red, stopping him before he could launch his attack, but then a heart-wrenching scream rang out.

BOOM

"Aaaaaaaaah, honeyyyyy..." the woman screamed in terror as her husband’s body suddenly exploded, the blood and flesh raining down on all of them.

Vritra was sure that Red was yet to attack and no one else had attacked; it was as if their bodies had already been altered.

"Ughhhh, cough, s–save her, pleas–"

BOOM

In the next instant, the mother’s body swelled up and exploded, leaving behind her words full of pain and desperation.

The scared girl curled up in a pool of blood, crying and shivering.

"!!!" Vritra had no way of stopping that sort of attack, he hurriedly used Null and Forbidden on Amy, the shock filling his mind.

Yet, in the next moment, Amy met the same fate as her parents. Nothing Vritra did worked, as her body slowly swelled up and then exploded.

"..." Red finally managed to break free of the restraints, as he took a step forward and watched the mess created by the death of the family of three.

The real battle was yet to start, but the mind battle had already begun, and with this, Vritra was already losing.

’It is your greatest weakness that you still have kindness in you, that there are people you wish to protect. Otherwise, it would have been really impossible to catch you.’ Red let out a faint chuckle; this was all a setup to put mental pressure on Vritra.

There was just no way to stop their deaths since the three were just the copies of the bandaged man. It was all just a setup.

Vritra had his fists clenched as he glared at Red, the guilt of not being able to save them creeping into his heart.

And violent emotions began to take shape inside him, as the meter of a certain skill began to fill up quickly.

7%

8%

"Haha, but it’s too early to regret anything. See for yourself." Red pointed to the side as a screen appeared over a wall, displaying two figures flying rapidly.

It was Maeve and Yennefer, both rushing to get some information from the Golden Moon.

But all of a sudden several figures appeared in front of them; there were the four emperors and even the six seats.

Vritra made no move and observed it silently. It was obvious that the two women alone wouldn’t be able to fight all those lords.

"Did you change your mind yet?" Red questioned. If Vritra could truly join the Bone Blood Cult, then he was sure that very soon, not a single entity on the planet would be able to threaten them.

’His strength has grown to this extent after our last meeting?!! How is he already at the Lord rank? No matter what, I have to make him join the Bone Blood Cult.’ Red thought, firm in his decision.

Vritra could already sense the army of hundreds of thousands, or even reaching a million, that had already surrounded the arena.

But none of them were making a move yet, as if waiting for some cue.

...

"Yennefer, I finally found you." Darius spoke, as the group of eleven men surrounded the two women.

Han Gratt was there too.

"I will forget what happened before, so come with me, marry me, and I will protect you from all this." He added, extending a hand towards her.

"How delusional, there has never been anything between us, and there never will be. Why are you all here?" she questioned, gazing at all of them, though she was well aware of the reason.

"There is no need to pretend, we already know you have connections with demons like Vritra Arclis and Maeve." While speaking, he glanced at the other woman.

Yawnn.

While yawning, the dragon emperor, Dago, spoke: "Hey, get this over with quickly, we have to deal with that divine guy too."

"Yennefer, they must have mind-washed you, you didn’t know that they are demons, right? The very beings you hate the most in this world." Vin, one of the twins from Golden Moon, spoke.

"Yeah, you can take back your position as the empress, your family needs you. Don’t forget how these despicable demons murdered your loved ones." Tin added from behind.

"Little girl, hurry up and decide, we don’t have all day, and I have to go back and watch over my little pumpkin’s wedding." The old man called Giant spoke, his body looking as thin and frail as ever.

Giant was Rich’s great-grandfather and the emperor’s grandfather, belonging to the powerful Ford family.

"...Yennefer." Han called out in a low voice, wishing she would choose the right side; he could never let her get hurt.

"Sigh, fine, you are on your own, Maeve." Yennefer nodded and joined the group, standing between the eleven.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...