Chapter 709 The Failed Assassination

"So do any of you want to join me in my great cause?" Magna asked seriously.

Vritra rolled his eyes, the audacity of this bitch, proposing his wives right in front of him.

Good or evil, lord or not, he just made a grave mistake.

"Tell me, do any of you want to join my hare-" he was just speaking when a gust of wind struck his forehead, throwing the lord back.

Magna's forehead bled as everyone in the hall stood up in great shock.

Then their gazes moved towards Vritra, his hand was still extended forward, he had just flicked the empty air.

"Lord, are you alright?" several of the men ran forward to help Magna up while the others surrounded Vritra.

"You have a death wish to attack our lord right in front of us!!"

They were ready to attack him.

"Wait COUGH Are they your wives? All of them?" Magna asked as he stood up and wiped his forehead.

"Yeah." Vritra said, his eyes narrowed, ready to erase this guy.

"Ah my bad then, I should have asked first. Sorry haha." he shook his head and actually apologized, leaving Vritra surprised.

"It is fine, everyone return to your seats. Anyway, you sure are strong, do you want to stay here?" Magna sat back on his throne, asking with a smile.

'Good, now if I refuse he will get angry and would force me to stay, the perfect moment to kill him.' Vritra thought and shook his head.

"No I won't, I need to go somewhere else."

"Too bad, this city would be a lot safer with you here. But you are free to do as you please." he said with a shrug.

'What the hell is going on? Aren't all players supposed to be scums? Why is there a good one? Sigh I still have to kill him.' Vritra thought.

Suddenly they were the bad guys who had entered a peaceful city, killed its ruler which would lead to the destruction of the city.

"You can stay here as long as you want, there is enough food and some empty houses. Just don't commit any crimes." Magna spoke.

'I know he is evil, but I just can't prove it.' Vritra thought, his eyes narrowing as he nodded.

Along with the others he stood to the side and decided to observe him for a bit longer.

Magna didn't eye the women anymore and just listened to the problems and solved them.

Soon, the meeting ended, Magna stood up and walked towards Vritra.

"I am Magna, and you are?" he asked while extending his arm.

"I am Einstein." Vritra said, shaking hands with him.

"Oh what a unique name, that's the first time I heard this. So, Einstein where are you going?" the lord asked while gesturing for them to walk out of the hall.

They walked along, Vritra answered: "Towards that big tower, I heard there is a treasure inside. Aren't you going to go there?"

"No, I don't. And I would advise you to not go there either, I heard it's too dangerous." Magna spoke and asked:

"How about I treat you all to dinner today?"

The sky was starting to darken, Vritra looked up and nodded.

He wanted to rest a bit anyway before continuing to the next city.

This was the third player he had encountered, if not for the city, he would have already killed him.

That Sonic guy destroyed an entire city, and if he did so, won't he just be the same?

While chatting, Magna led them towards a royal house.

There were a lot of servants, all of them beautiful maids.

Soon they were sitting around a big table with hot and tasty dishes arranged before them.

All the women were silently observing him too, just waiting for him to show his true colours.

But nothing really happened, he just chatted amiably throughout the dinner and then they left the building.

"Master, let me observe him with the shadows." Maeve suggested.

"Alright foxie, we will leave tomorrow after killing him." Vritra said.

Soon they were brought to an empty building, it was quite well maintained, clean and with some food stored.

Shitless and Onest took two separate rooms, while Vritra and his wives just needed one big room.

The night was long and sleepless, the room was filled with moans, as Vritra embraced his wives throughout the night.

He had left enough space in his belly during the dinner for his favourite milk from his mommy.

And Vanessa was more than happy to feed her son.

It wasn't until four in the morning that they had finally slept.

The sky was still dark, several figures moved in the darkness as they quickly approached the building.

They hid in the shadows, silently approaching, and were soon in the corridor.

"Have you checked it?" one of the ten men asked, his voice a bare whisper.

"Yes, this is exactly where they are staying." another person answered.

"Remember, don't make any sound. We have to kill them all without a sound, as ordered by our boss." the leader of the ten spoke.

They were quite experienced in assassination, so they doubted killing three men and seven women who were sleeping peacefully would be hard.

"It will be fine, why do you think boss chose us? He clearly knows how capable we are." another person added arrogantly.

"And how capable are you?" another voice suddenly sounded from behind him.

"Ha! What sort of question is it even? We are the ones who assassinated the president of this country right as the apocalypse started and then we killed the queen of-" the man was replying but as he turned he noticed that in the darkness stood not ten but eleven figures.

"Who are you?!!" the man almost shouted, startled to the core.

The leader of the group reacted quickly as he launched an attack towards the mysterious guy's head.

CLANG

The blade hit against something and bounced back.

"Who sent you here?" the person asked, appearing calm.

'My attack f- failed?' the leader was shocked, his attack was impossible to defend against especially at such a close range.

It was literally his ability that none of his attacks could miss, or was his defence so high?

He understood that killing this guy would be impossible so he muttered: "Run."

Before jumping back and throwing a strange ball at the figure, trying to flee.

Vritra stepped forward, his gaze locked onto the leader.

Blood tentacles shot in all directions, catching all of the assassins before they could even move away from the building.

"Were you sent here by the lord?" he asked, looking at the ten shocked assassins.

"Aren't you Adam? You are this powerful?!!" the leader was really shocked, they hadn't expected him to be this strong.

"We won't speak no matter what, even if our boss was eyeing those women, we won't tell who sent us or why he sent us here!!" one of the men shouted.

Vritra sighed, these people weren't idiots, anything they spoke might as well be a lie.

'But I have no other enemies here, the last ones who knew me are already dead. Only one player knows about me.' Vritra thought, he was more and more sure that it must be Magna who tried to kill him.

"Tell me!" he spoke, as the head of one of the assassins was torn away.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...