Chapter 98: RUN! BOOM! REPEAT! 2

’BLOOD!! I made it bleed!!’ Vritra exclaimed.

The small success filled him with even more determination. BOB 2 was disoriented for just a moment before it began to follow Vritra again, while BOB 1 needed a couple of seconds since it had been very slightly injured.

’Teleport me back to it,’ Vritra said in his mind while running as fast as he could. Just as BOB 2 was about to collide with his back, Vritra disappeared.

He appeared instantly at the place where the two balls had collided previously. Without stopping, he picked a few drops of greyish blood off the ground using dust as he began running in the opposite direction.

Then...

[Blood Lock Activated.]

[Target Locked. Time Until Death: 3 hours 19 minutes 59 seconds.]

Of course, he had to remove the Blood Lock from Number One, but his strength had already been reduced by nearly fifty percent and he would need quite some time to get back to his peak. Currently, he wasn’t a threat to Vritra.

’Now I just need to hold on for long enough. As its strength weakens, the impact of the two of them colliding will get more intense, and very soon, it will get very weak.

Haa... Yasmine, are you alright? Tell me when your energy is nearly exhausted,’ he said. Even as exhaustion began to take hold of him, Vritra didn’t lower his speed. Now was the crucial time of this fight.

"Yeah, I can hold on for now. Let’s do it," Yasmine said. It had been so long since she felt this kind of excitement. Once you reach high enough, there are fewer things that could move you.

’Alright. After we leave, I will make sure to find even more soul potions for you.’ While he continued to run, a thought popped into his mind and he asked: ’When you were at your peak, how easily could you have defeated this creature?’

"Hehe, I’m not bragging or anything, but just a finger flick would have been enough to kill them both," Yasmine replied with a chuckle.

Though there was no arrogance in her voice, nor did she try to act superior or anything; Vritra might be weaker for now, but very soon his strength would soar—and even if he did remain weak, she wouldn’t mind keeping him all to herself.

"..." Vritra nodded, not doubting her words. Her words only made him more determined to increase his strength as fast as he could, but for now, he needed to only focus on his survival.

Both the giant balls rolled behind Vritra. BOB 1’s speed was more or less not that much faster than Vritra, so he could perfectly evade it, but BOB 2 was even faster—plus it didn’t possess the restriction of Forbidden.

While remaining in the Fourth Dimension, Vritra continued to keep running in circles. He avoided the paths he hadn’t already ventured in and was barely managing to escape from the two Myriad creatures.

The audience had already gotten used to this pattern. They watched the giant balls coming from the left and sometimes the right, while chasing after nothing. Sometimes the sound of the explosion would ring out, and sometimes the balls would just keep circling around.

Almost thirty minutes had passed. Under the shocked and frightened gazes of all the people in the audience, as the slower ball passed by them, a trail of greyish blood was drawn on the ground.

Number One finally felt relaxed. The strange curse had finally ended; although his strength had not returned to his peak yet, he could tell that soon his strength would start to return.

The dragon-masked man from the Golden Moon watched as the injuries on the slower ball got more intense after every loud explosion. Even its speed was slowing down, and just after 30 minutes, the metallic armor all over its body was badly damaged.

’Are these two things fighting each other for some reason?’ he wondered. Although he could barely see the first ball, which was much faster, he noticed that a few spikes seemed to be broken and faint lines had formed on its surface too—but they weren’t too noticeable.

Vritra was already extremely exhausted even with the support of all his skills. He had been running at his fastest for so long, while leading and dodging the two monstrosities. Having them chase madly was quite terrifying—just one of these creatures could slaughter everyone in the cave within seconds.

’Its strength has been reduced by fifteen percent, which had an even more significant effect on a creature with such a high level than Number One. It had already received so many injuries from these clashes, but it’s still not enough.’ Vritra gritted his teeth as he drank several types of potions and continued to run at his top speed.

BOOOOOOM!!

The balls collided again, and BOB 1 smashed against the wall as pieces of its armor flew around and blood splattered. Most of its spikes were already broken while BOB 2’s spikes had pierced its body.

...

Thirty more minutes had passed. By now, the Blood Lock had been active for over one hour, reducing BOB 1’s strength by thirty percent.

Yasmine was too exhausted, so she could no longer teleport him—but by now, Vritra no longer needed that. He had used Forbidden on BOB 2 now, restricting its agility. Since the other creature’s strength had already lowered and its condition had gotten very bad after many collisions...

Its speed already wasn’t even forty percent of its top speed, so Vritra no longer needed to use Forbidden on it. Instead, if it got too slow, then it would be impossible to make the two clash.

All in all, Vritra was now able to dodge the two on his own. He took a sudden turn at one of the intersections while sending his clone to another. BOB 2 followed behind him, while the other one—which was in very bad condition—was just running forward now. It just mindlessly followed behind the clone. It seemed just the thought of killing Vritra remained in its mind now. In its current state, it couldn’t do much.

Again, Vritra calculated based on their speeds and the distance—slowing down slightly and jumping over the walls to delay a bit according to BOB 1’s speed. And when he came out of the cave...

BOOOOOOOOM!!

This seemed to be the final attack which had finally managed to push BOB 1 into a very weakened state. Almost all the armor over its body had been shattered, revealing a greyish, thick skin underneath, which was bleeding from all over.

After the impact, it could no longer charge behind Vritra. It just stayed on the ground, probably unconscious or too weak to move. And finally, the second part of Vritra’s plan had succeeded.

"I did it!!" Vritra rejoiced as he hastily ran to make another circle. Then he removed the Fourth Dimension and finally revealed his figure to the shocked and baffled crowd—they were sure he was long dead after all.

{Sin Point Gained: Dazed +11,076}

{Sin Point Gained: Doubted +11,075}

{Sin Point Gained: Shocked +11,076}

...

Vritra paid no mind to the audience. He ran into the same cave as the last time and made his way toward the injured BOB 1 as fast as he could and took out both his Axes of Chaos, a wide smile appearing on his face.

____________

Thanks for reading...