Chapter 227: Negative Effect

"Now now, what do we have here?" Vritra picked up the grey cube and inspected it, then he used the appraisal skill on it.

『

[Negate Glyph]

[Description]: It allows you to negate the negative effect of any skill once a month.

』

The description was small and easy to understand, and it seemed Vritra’s higher luck was still shining just as brightly.

"Oh, so it could negate the negative effects like the ones in Shift?" Vritra held the glyph and mumbled, the negative effect being his strength weakening when 100% stats were shifted.

Though this negative effect was too problematic, at least for now. In case of emergency, this glyph would be a great help, or maybe in the future he might gain a new skill with a worse negative effect, so this glyph would be even more useful at that time.

"A negate-type glyph... how strange. It is quite rare and shouldn’t exist in such a place. I guess the king made some sort of deal with the Grieves and received this treasure. First the Bone Blood Cult and now the king of the Blue Kingdom, just what are the Grieves planning?" Yasmine wondered.

Vritra put away the glyph for now and found it all quite suspicious as well. The Grieves seemed to be doing too much while staying in the background. After a moment, he asked:

"Wifey, what do you think is the main goal of the Grieves? World domination? Getting possession of every living person?"

"... I am not sure completely. I had only heard, so it could only be considered a rumor, but the Grieves’ biggest goal is to kill Rodrick Mech." Yasmine replied vaguely.

"Wait, the one who created the Glyphs? The once-in-a-lifetime genius— is he still alive? But from what I heard, the Grieves took possession of his body and that’s how they became proficient at the creation of Glyphs." Vritra asked, feeling even more confused.

"Well, there are all sorts of stories going around and no one knows which among them might be true, if there is any. As for whether he is alive or not is still a mystery, though the Grieves believe he is.

Also, the Bone Blood Cult, Nine Cults, and many other organizations are a lot more evil compared to them.

The bad things done by the Grieves are few. But they have such a negative and fearful image, even worse than any evil organization, because of the Golden Moon, who is their arch enemy." Yasmine explained.

"Haa, I just want to stay away from all this drama. I wish my luck can now keep the trouble away for some time." Vritra thought and got ready to leave.

He disappeared completely and flew out of the treasury. The guards outside were still calmly protecting the empty halls.

...

The crown prince was in a terrible mood after his meeting with the king. All sorts of thoughts were coming to his mind, but he was trying his best to push away the dangerous ones.

Just then, a beautiful girl jumped in front of him with a worried look, asking:

"P- Prince, how did it go? The king won’t make me his plaything, right? I trust you with my life, I am sure you aren’t evil like your father."

"..." The crown prince bit his lip as he stared at Sonia in frustration. He didn’t know how to tell her about his father’s decision. After a long pause, he touched her head and spoke:

"Yeah, don’t worry. I will take care of it all. It’s getting late, so go back to your room and sleep."

"Thank you, prince. I love you, you are the best." Sonia said excitedly as she smiled before turning around and walking back towards her room in a great mood.

"Sigh, I will protect her at any cost..." the crown prince mumbled to himself as he watched his dream woman walking away.

Since she believed so much in him, how could he let her suffer? He needed to choose between that beautiful, sweet, and trusting girl, and the hateful, lustful father, who had abandoned him.

’Is that the only way?’ The crown prince could only imagine one method, but it was hard for him to do that. His father might be heartless, but he wasn’t like that.

But he wondered if Vritra wouldn’t be able to help his own sister. Earlier in the day, he had made the king freeze with just his gaze.

’Is he really that powerful, or did father let him be for some other reason? Was it because he is the competition winner, or did he hold any of father’s secrets?’ the prince wondered while walking towards his own room.

"..." Floating above the prince, Vritra observed the entire exchange and knew they were getting close. Just a little push, and the crown prince would finally become the new king.

’Because of the incident at the Paradise Hotel, the plans had become a little messy. Getting him to kill the king now had become a bit more difficult. I wonder how we can give him that final push.’ Vritra thought, but for now, he needed to take care of something else.

He flew away towards the room of the youngest prince, ready to play the final prank on the broken prince.

"Hehe I wonder how this is going to play out." Yasmine chuckled. They could just kill the prince directly but doing it in such a manner is more fun and safe.

***

Henry Jr the 14th lay on his bed with a dead look on his face. In just a single day he felt as if he had lost everything— his reputation, his family jewels, and much more. He had become a complete laughing stock across the entire kingdom.

And now he wouldn’t even be able to ever become a father. Even his life as a prince was in jeopardy now.

The youngest prince was afraid that his father would just throw him into one of the corners of the kingdom to remove the disgrace he caused. All the hate was delivered towards Vritra... and that Baldy bastard.

He couldn’t sleep, nor did he want to stay awake. Not a single day in his entire life had been so depressing. The prince even felt maybe dying directly would have been better.

Just while he was drowning in his thoughts of rage and regret, the window of his room opened suddenly with a loud bang. The young prince was startled as he sat up and almost peed his pants. The traumatizing scene from earlier replayed in his mind.

He was afraid that Vritra might have really come there to kill him. Fresh air hit his face but there was no one around. He jumped behind the bed and looked around carefully, but there was no attacker in sight.

After a few minutes, he noticed that something was lying on his bed. He carefully looked at it and found a glyph and a letter. Calming himself, he first closed the window and then cautiously picked up the two objects.

The young prince instantly recognized the makeup glyph. After all, he had used these things many times in the past to play pranks on people. Then he opened the letter and read it.

-Do you wish to kill Jin Woo?-

"..." The youngest prince’s brows shot up in surprise

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...