Chapter 694 The Beast Tide Starts!!

None of the humans dared to enter the circle because of Vritra's presence, even if that was the safest place.

They glanced at one another while shivering, waiting for someone to make the first move.

CRACK CRACK CRACK

The eggs began to crack suddenly, making everyone shiver in fear.

"Don't be so afraid, you can take this circle." Vritra spoke as he walked out of it.

"Heh fool- ughhh stop pushing me." The crowd rushed into the circle hurriedly but there was clearly not enough space for everyone.

Morgan as an ascended easily took one of the places, there were a few more ascended who pushed the others out.

Only twenty people could stand inside the circle, even then they would be standing very close to one another.

The rest of the forty or so were terrified, trying to pull others as the eggs cracked and strange creatures started to fall out of them.

And even behind the cracked eggs, there were even more eggs.

THUD THUD THUD

Strange black creatures fell to the ground, trembling, their bodies nearly three feet tall.

They were drenched in some sticky fluid, appearing like newborn babies.

Their bodies shook and started to swell, they were growing rapidly and becoming horrifying.

Vritra, holding the spear, dashed towards the wall.

He swung the spear with all his might, cutting a dozen of the small creatures before they could grow.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +832}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +832}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +832}

…

Vritra didn't wait to see the messages, he had to kill as many of these creatures as possible before they grew.

He ran hurriedly while the others were busy panicking, he cut apart a few more but their growth was just too fast.

In the next few seconds, minotaur like creatures rose to a height of over twelve feet.

Their faces resembled bulls and they all stood over their hind legs, thick fur covered their bodies, and their eyes glowed a dangerous red.

Those creatures were all ascended!!

Vritra could have brought his wives inside to fight along with him, but first he wanted to check the difficulty of the fight.

With his strength he could survive even in the dangerous beast tide but he wouldn't be able to protect them.

After making sure, he would bring them all inside and start the family grinding.

'There are thousands of them, it reminds me of that death zone.' Vritra thought, without pause he continued to move.

Stabbing the spear in rapid succession, he blasted holes into the bodies of several, while twisting his body to dodge the deadly attacks.

Blood blades, spikes and whatnot constantly launched towards the crazy beasts who surrounded Vritra from all sides quickly.

There wasn't even a wall to put his back against, even the ceiling was spawning these creatures.

"Aghhhhhh p- please save meeeee uwaaaaaaah"

"I- I am begging please let me in aaaaaaaah"

The people who weren't able to enter the circle screamed, their bodies crushed and torn to pieces by the daunting creatures.

GRRRRRRRRRR

ROAAARRRRRRRRR

GUOOOOOOOOOO

The creatures let out strange noises, filling the entire cave with a dreadful aura and intense bloodlust.

Within moments, all the people outside the circle were dead.

The twenty men inside were utterly appalled by the sight, their bodies shaking.

These things were too powerful, how were they going to even fight so many? Where even is the treasure?

All twenty of them were sticking closer, afraid that the circle might shrink or those things might enter.

But in the horde of monsters, they all saw blood splatter wildly and something shiny wave through the air.

BAM

A heavy corpse was thrown away, smashing into the wall, and a pool of blood could be seen on the ground.

"N- no way, that guy is fighting all these creatures on his own? Just h- how strong is he?!!" the people inside were baffled, watching as Vritra created a bloodbath wherever he moved.

He had already used all treasures he had found through the sin points, going all out in the battle.

"Fucker, stop pushing me!! There is not much space here!" one man shouted suddenly, the circle was completely surrounded by those beasts.

They kept screaming at them, waiting for any to move out.

"Ughhh damnit, stop poking my butt you stupid sucker, what are you even doing?! Get away!" another man shouted in rage and pushed the first out.

Who screamed and was torn apart the moment his body moved out of the circle.

Blood was thrown onto the men in the circle, shaking them, as they saw the internal organs and bones getting devoured.

A heavy kick was thrown at Vritra's back, as he jumped up, rotating in the air and cutting the leg apart.

Strikes were raining down at him from all sides, and he could feel as time passed, these beasts were getting more dangerous.

While in the air, he pulled the spear and threw it with all his might, impaling the head of one beast into the ground.

Then he punched out, his hand piercing through the chest of one, ripping its backbone out.

CLANG

A powerful blow landed on his back, but was stopped by his armor, as Vritra kicked at the attacker's shoulder.

As a loud crunching sound rang out.

There was little space to move, using the spear was too difficult here.

'Keep drawing 1000 sin points reward, use all my points.' he called out in his mind.

The ethereal wheel rotated quickly as a lot of rewards appeared, even giving him a lot of attribute points.

'Add all my free attribute points to endurance.' Vritra thought, then shot out powerful spiritual bursts.

He scanned the storage while the beasts were dazed and pulled out dual swords which were a new reward.

"Ughh I meant it when I said the reward is in your father's ass, bastard, go out and dig it!"

"Hah not his ass but his dick, which he left in your mother, you son of a bitch."

The two vulgar guys started to fight, their eyes turning red from rage.

"How dare you say that about my mother, I am going to kill you myself, motherfucker!"

And so, he stabbed the other man and then threw him out.

But the other guy's hand suddenly grew, pulling the first guy out, as the two screamed and were torn and devoured quickly.

Now, three were dead and only seventeen remained, even more scared.

Morgan looked around, if it was before he might have been able to fight some of these creatures too.

But now that all his parasites were gone, he had lost a big part of his powers, there is no way he could survive outside.

And inside the circle people were slowly getting affected, their eyes turning blood red.

"Aggghhhhhhh get awayyyyy, uwaaaah how dare you beasts look down on me, no one can look down on me.

Not my parents, nor my teachers, neither my friends, not even you shitty beasts. I am going to kill you all." A guy in his twenties screamed in rage and suddenly ran out.

But instantly his body disappeared in the sea of dreadful beasts, sounds of bones breaking and flesh tearing apart sounding.

Vritra, without caring about them, continued to exert more and more strength, his breathing getting faster and faster.

"Hehe Did you miss me, my love?"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...