Chapter 360: The Wanted Guests

"Well, you have been so kind to us, letting us stay here overnight. I am really thankful for your hospitality, but now I will be taking my leave," Vritra said, as his eyes scanned the surroundings.

He soon saw Onest whistling on the side.

"Oh, forgive me, but General Sirius has just arrived here and has ordered that no one can leave the place. I know that you know nothing of this all, but you can’t leave yet," the man said respectfully.

Vritra: "..."

Vritra, Fiona, Vanessa, Diana, Onest, and Monk Shitless seated on his bull all looked at one another, trying to find a way out of there.

He was just about to use the dimensional book and the misty essence at the same time when a man came running, shouting:

"I have found it!! We have got the criminals. Knowing of the wretched demon’s behavior, we had made our preparations."

"Now we can find exactly who was the one to steal the treasure. As for that explosion, it was most probably done by that one-legged demon, so General Sirius has already gone to catch him," he added, before displaying a light-blue glyph.

Without wasting a moment, he inserted some mana as two displays appeared in the air, clear enough for everyone to see.

’Uh oh, time to make a run.’ Vritra scanned his surroundings and soon saw a couple of cars parked not too far away; they were exactly the same as the one they had crashed.

Vritra left behind an illusion of himself before entering the disappearing state, then he gave his instructions to everyone else.

All the people looked at the two screens.

On the left one, there was a box resting safely under the bed of a man. And in the second image, a stone table with a button on top of it was present in the middle of the forest.

Onest walked into the room carefully, then without making a single sound he pulled out the box from under the bed. Patting himself, he left.

"..." Hundreds of hostile gazes instantly focused on Onest, ready to attack him, but then they noticed something on the other screen.

Vritra’s group walked near the table, and the monk actually pressed the button.

The large crowd looked towards Vritra and the group then at the screen then back at him in pin drop silence, as the wind breezed past them.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +296}

{Sin Point Gained: Suspected +296}

{Sin Point Gained: Trust Shattered +296}

"So it was you!!" All the people were baffled and furious—their guests were the ones who had blasted their houses and stolen their treasure.

"We don’t know these two, they just happened to walk along with us." Vritra’s image stepped away from them, joining the others with hostile gazes.

"Catch them all! We will give them to General Sirius. That baldy bastard almost killed all of us!" The shouts rang out from all around as they charged toward them.

"Oh! Keke, catch me if you can." Monk Shitless laughed before patting Bullo to run.

Finally, the group ran. Vritra was already inside one of the cars; he turned it on and drove close to them.

"Hurry inside." Vritra decreased the speed as they all climbed into the car before they ran away at full speed.

He had countless ways to escape, but Vritra just loved the thrill of a car chase. Glancing back, he saw that many of the men had started to fly and chase after them.

"Forbid: forward is backward."

[Forbidden activated.]

Instantly, aside from the car and the people inside, all the others were affected. When they tried to fly forward, their bodies moved backward on their own, and they were completely disoriented for a while.

That was enough for Vritra to create a big gap.

"Now, take the first right, then third left, and continue straight afterwards," Yasmine said, enjoying it all.

[Nether Eye Activated.]

Vritra made sure that no one was following them. Monk Shitless was seated on top of the car along with Bullo.

The people back in the broken city sent messages to General Sirius, who was just about to beat the one-eyed demon general.

Sirius gave up on killing the demon general and at full speed flew back, regretting he didn’t check the culprit before jumping to conclusions.

"Whoever it might be, I will bring them to justice," he muttered, eyes filled with everlasting flames. He prioritized justice above all else.

A kind man who would let a hundred villains escape just to protect one innocent man.

He was kind enough to put the budget to rebuild the entire city outside the continent from his own pocket.

Since no one inside the Quartz Continent really cared for the lives of these people, though it burnt a hole in his pocket, he was happy—and yet all of it was lost because of those wretched people.

"Damn it, my money... those poor people are homeless again." He increased his speed to the max.

Vritra was driving the car in a relaxed manner. He still had quite a bit of sin points left, so he decided to invest some of them in the new Field Palette he had obtained.

But the moment he opened the status window, he discovered something really strange.

『

Stats:

Strength: 203,668 (+1,000)

Agility: 253,211 (+1,000)

Endurance: 202,032 (+1,000) (LOCKED)

Intelligence: 268,951 (+1,000)

Mana: 203,311 (+1,000)

Luck: 512

[Allocation points: 0]

』

’Huh? Why does my Endurance stat appear locked?’ Vritra was quite surprised and didn’t know if it was a good or a bad change.

"I think it must be because of the new Divine Physique you obtained, but I wonder what it means. I hope it doesn’t mean that you can’t ever upgrade your Endurance in the future," Yasmine said. She couldn’t really be too shocked in matters involving her husband.

’Sigh, I will check it out later, but first let’s buy the Palette Droplets.’ Vritra then glanced at the sin points he currently possessed.

{Sin Points: 88,683,021}

’Hmm... so I can get a total of forty-four Palette Droplets.’ Vritra calculated and decided to spend all his sin points on buying those droplets; he wasn’t in any urgent need of these sin points after all.

And he could just earn a lot more in this new continent. After all, he had several things planned.

Vritra spent all his sin points and bought the droplets.

{Sin Points: 683,021}

{Palette Droplet: 44}

Then he glanced at all his Fields and wondered where he should put these droplets. He decided not to put them all in a single field.

"Comprehending the Fields not only makes your control over that ability or element strong but also gives you a vast amount of... knowledge, so it would be better not to put all droplets at once," Yasmine warned. She really wanted to come out and sit with him, but there were outsiders there, so it wasn’t safe.

’Okay, as always, thank you, wifey,’ Vritra said in a soft tone, before bringing his focus back to the status panel.

’Dust Manipulation is still my main ability, so it will undoubtedly get half the points. As for the rest...’ After looking over them all, he quickly selected the two Fields he planned to invest in first.

Without wasting a moment and after scanning the surroundings, Vritra put his body on autopilot and focused his attention on his Fields.

{Elegy Parasite Activated.}

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...