Chapter 160: One Against All

BOOOOOOM!!

Vritra propelled himself forward with all his strength as he kicked the air, creating a huge sonic boom, then crossing his hands in front of his face, he used his own body like a weapon.

Tearing the bodies of anyone who came in front of him as he flew at extremely fast speed, but not a single drop of blood was present on his body, all of it was destroyed by the bluish demonic energy raging out.

People who were torn into two but were unlucky enough to have survived fell to the ground and cried while begging for help, like a train Vritra killed hundreds of men as he arrived at the other end within moments.

Then a metallic shadow flew out of his body. Catching it, Vritra pulled his right hand back as he exerted full strength, even using SHIFT and partial dragon transformation to maximize the power output.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!

Then with an explosive sound, he shot Bob forward. At first, it was the size of a cricket ball, but right before entering the large group of humans, its size increased to the maximum, as a blood scene ensued.

A couple thousand men were turned into minced meat as they were killed the moment the metallic sphere collided against their bodies. After crossing through the group and leaving behind blood and meat, Bob began to circle in the air, killing every human.

In such a short time, Vritra had killed the entire army that the Nine Pacts had brought. Now only six men along with Faceless remained from that organization.

"Noooooo!! You damned demon, I am going to kill you!" Faceless roared. Even though from his perspective these people could be considered weak, over ten thousand men with levels up to nine hundred had been killed and that was a huge loss.

Vritra had killed more than twenty thousand men from the Nine Pacts.

Faceless and his four companions all looked at one another. One who had his head blown earlier had also returned, though he was still very weak and healing.

Blunder and the nine strong men from his team also glanced at one another, while the three demon generals did the same. Their first priority was to kill him, everything would come after that.

But Blunder was still reluctant to remove the barrier. How could he just trust an evil organization and demons? So he decided to check how strong Vritra currently is.

Faint lines had appeared over Vritra’s body. Such dense energy was still impossible for him to control completely, but the Elegy Parasite wouldn’t stop until the danger had disappeared. It was using Vritra’s life force to continue its rampage. That was why his body was able to hold on until now.

Plus, all the level gains increased his strength.

Nineteen of the strongest men from the three organizations ignored the dust storm, letting it hurt them a bit as they charged towards Vritra, using as much strength as they could.

Of course, they couldn’t use above level two thousand.

In the next instant, the large bull demon appeared in front of Vritra. Thaddeus’s speed wasn’t any slower than Vritra’s despite the strength restriction.

ROOAAAAAARRRRRRRRR

With a mad roar, he struck the bat-shaped staff at Vritra’s head. It wasn’t just Vritra’s strength that had been increased thanks to the Elegy Parasite at the cost of his life energy, but even his agility, reaction speed, raw fighting techniques—everything had improved by levels.

As the staff came down toward his head, Morvik flashed behind him and attacked Vritra with his countless sharp hands, aiming to cut him into pieces at once.

A dust clone separated from Vritra’s body in that instant, appearing exactly in front of him, as Vritra kicked at the clone’s back, sending it flying towards the staff while pushing himself backward.

Using his dust ability along with Intra Shuffle, his body twisted into a strange shape and all the sharp legs barely passed through his skin. He grabbed two of the legs with his hands. His heart pumped waves of demonic energy towards his arms as they bulged and veins popped—only to be healed in the next moment.

Then he swung the large insect toward the descending staff that easily crushed the dust clone. Everything happened so fast that Thaddeus had no time to pull back.

BOOOOOOM

With a resounding boom, Morvik’s body collided with the staff as he was thrown away at such a fast speed, only stopping when he collided with the barrier.

But Vritra had no time to rest. Just as Morvik was sent flying, he felt his body becoming slower and something inside him began to burn as Blunder’s thunderous laughter sounded.

"Blood!! I love blood! Everyone has it. Even if you have this sudden spurt of power, your body is still weak. Show me how you are going to get out of this." He let out a loud shout and poured out more and more energy, trying to make Vritra’s blood boil and explode.

Vritra only glanced at Blunder, his pitch-black eyes and emotionless face as serene as ever. Moving from his position quickly, he dodged attacks from two red-clothed persons from Bone Blood Cult, who were attacking him while also maintaining the barrier.

Vritra took a long breath and then...

THUMP... THUMP...

THUMP THUMP THUMP THUMP

...

His heartbeat grew rapidly and the two hearts pumped the purplish blood all across his body. These two new hearts seemed to have many capabilities—they not only increased his regeneration speed but also made him faster and could nullify most poison or internal problems.

Vritra’s body soon returned to normal as Blunder’s attack was nullified completely. Dozens of men attacked him at the same time right at that moment.

Their speed was quite similar to Vritra’s current speed, so even with his instincts working at full throttle, he was barely dodging the barrage of attacks.

He leaned forward as he dodged a sharp energy cut that almost grazed his back, but instantly several attacks aiming at his head and torso were launched.

Using all the skills, Vritra was barely competing with the fourteen men while the three generals, Faceless and Blunder charged their attacks and waited for the right moment to join.

A tiny cut appeared on his left arm just as Vritra had kicked one of the men away. They were all moving so fast in the sky that they left afterimages all over the sky and the explosive sounds continued to ring out each and every moment.

Just as Vritra moved out of the encirclement of those men, he sensed an extremely dangerous attack coming from behind, and there was no time to dodge or rotate.

Using the Intra Shuffle, Vritra’s body twisted in a disturbing manner. While standing in the same posture, his hands, head, torso, legs—everything twisted and now he was facing the other side.

It was Faceless who was launching the attack. Because of the barrier, he couldn’t even properly utilize his ’Field’ ability, so he could only use however much strength was available.

BOOOOOOOOOOM!!

Vritra barely had any time to put his arms forward as Faceless’s palm struck him and sent him flying. He collided into the ground and created an even larger crater.

Everything finally became quiet. They all wondered if that attack had successfully injured or taken him out. But then...

[Switch: Demonification (2%)]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...