Chapter 164: The Grieves (Final!!)

In the distance, inside a moving carriage.

Fiona was shocked by the sudden events. She couldn’t understand what happened all of a sudden—one moment they were traveling in silence and the next, Vanessa reacted so strongly.

She even fainted in the end, and seeing Diana’s expression, the redhead knew that something really bad might have happened.

But she didn’t ask while Diana was taking care of the unconscious Vanessa. They continued to move towards Blue Kingdom, while the goddess looked quite anxious.

After some time, Vanessa woke up, but then she broke out even more. She cried and tried to get out of the carriage, while Diana stopped her, telling things like—

Even if you go, you won’t be able to change anything and that it’s too late, and that he at least wanted to protect his mother.

Vanessa was crying while Diana was trying to calm her down, but suddenly, the two women froze and they looked at one another in confusion.

Vanessa wiped away her tears and asked in puzzlement, "Is he...?"

"Yeah, I can sense it too. He is alive." The goddess replied with a quizzical look on her face. She seemed just as confused.

But after a couple of seconds, everything else disappeared, and Vanessa was full of joy. There was no way that her son would die so easily; she just sat there silently and closed her eyes, praying for Vritra’s safe return.

All this while Fiona just looked at the two women in confusion, wondering if they were doing some kind of play, having no idea about the major events that had just transpired.

***

Inside the Blue Kingdom, major powers had started to gather, and many people who stood at the top of humanity gathered there for the inheritance of the Scarlet couple.

The kingdom was as lively as it could be, but lingering in that kingdom that was so peaceful on the surface were unknown dangers.

In a dark alley, a man at the Legion rank ran with all his might while a shadowy figure ran behind him.

The two figures soon disappeared into the darkness, a loud scream rang out, and after a few seconds, the same man walked calmly out of the darkness—but his manner and expressions were completely different from before.

There exist creatures that humans, demons, dragons, and every other race fear the same; they are creatures the world knows very little about. Their origins are quite the mystery.

The most special of their abilities known by the world is to possess other lifeforms and then either exist along with them or, after devouring them, take over the body completely.

And they are also quite popular in their capabilities of creating glyphs. The genius creator of the glyphs had suddenly disappeared one day, and there was a myth that Rodrick Mech was possessed by one such creature and that is how they got so good at creating glyphs.

Blunder—or rather the Bone Blood Cult—had made a deal with them, which was why everyone was so shocked upon seeing those glyphs.

These strange types of creatures are called— ’The Grieves.’

The Grieves were hunted by every race and had been declared as evil and enemies of the world, so these creatures could only hide from everyone and exist secretly.

The newly possessed human walked calmly through the streets as he smiled and looked around, and soon made his way into a large temple. The door was shut, but when he arrived there, the guards opened the door and allowed him to enter after making sure it was one of them.

As the man walked into the temple, he took one of the seats and looked around with a wide smile. Sitting in that large temple were hundreds upon hundreds of Grieves... all of them were above the Legion ranks.

A large storm was soon coming to the Blue Kingdom.

***

Inside the cave in the forest, Vritra rested for a few hours. He slept like a log without a care in the world. As some of the outer injuries healed under Yasmine’s care, the devoted and loving wife performed her duties with all her heart.

She didn’t know what exactly Mutamorphis had done, but gradually, Vritra’s hair was returning to black. But those two horns remained over his head—he had completely left behind his humanity and become a true demon.

His origin was that of a demon, although he was part dragon as well. But his origins weren’t of the dragons, which Yasmine didn’t like one bit. She had already made up her mind to transform her husband into a true dragon, though even she wasn’t sure how he would mutate then and could only hope that his demon side wouldn’t clash with it.

But that was something which wouldn’t be happening very soon, so Yasmine focused on cleaning his body, dressing him, healing him.

After a few hours, Vritra finally woke up. His eyes fluttered open and the first thing he saw was the anxious face of his wife. She hovered right in front of him.

"Are you feeling better?" she asked, her voice full of worry.

Vritra still couldn’t move his body. He took in several breaths before he was finally able to speak weakly.

"Y-Yeah..."

Seeing that Vritra would be fine after some time of healing, Yasmine’s expression changed. She gave a soft hmph sound and pouted cutely as she turned her head away, showing that she was angry at him.

Vritra smiled slightly, but his skin and flesh were still in so much pain. After a pause, he asked, "Are you angry at me?"

Yasmine: "..."

She ignored him. She was so angry at him for locking her away while he was facing all those monsters all alone. He was literally killed by them. She didn’t know if she would have been able to live for a moment longer if Vritra had really disappeared from her life.

So this was the least he had to face—her silent treatment—and it did feel nice when he tried to appease her anger.

"I am sorry, I will never do that again. So can you speak now? I know I was wrong to make you feel all that, but I didn’t want to put you in danger." Vritra spoke. He did like her cute behavior but didn’t want her to be angry.

Yasmine: "..."

"Sigh... I am really sorry. The next time I am in mortal danger, I will use you as my shield and throw you at the enemy, and the moment you bring down the enemies along with your soul, I will make my graceful escape, completely unscathed while mourning for you in my heart," Vritra said in all seriousness.

"You—" Yasmine suddenly turned and stared at him. He still had the nerve to joke around.

Vritra chuckled lightly before a painful expression appeared on his face. His body was still in very bad condition.

"Are you okay?" Yasmine instantly came close to him and asked in worry. She couldn’t keep up with her angry act.

"Y-Yeah, I am fine—" Vritra was just replying to her when a few messages popped in front of him and the two looked at the messages at the same time.

『

[Divine Sin Arrow successfully merged with Divine Sin Wheel.]

[Would you like to open your new status panel?]

』

Now that everything had ended, this thing had finally appeared.

Yasmine: "..."

Vritra: "You bitch—"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...