Chapter 113: Buttery Massage [R-18]

"H- Honey? T- That place... Don’t look, it’s a little embarrassing."

Vanessa said with a bright red face but Vritra ignored her words and put one of his hands on her firm ass while the other wrapped around her soft thigh.

And before she could say anything, he moved forward and kissed her lower lips, making her moan the loudest so far.

"Aaaaaaaaah~ Hnnnnggggg~ Honey, y- you shouldn’t Mmmmm~ t- that place haaaaaaah~" he was eating her for the second time, but it still felt so wrong, so morally wrong and yet very exciting.

Vanessa couldn’t stop moaning, as Vritra began to kiss her lower mouth passionately, he took her wet lips into his mouth and sucked it, sending a terrifyingly pleasureable type of sensation all over her body.

Before she knew it, the hands that were earlier trying to stop him from seeing her private part were now pressing his head towards her cave.

All her worries and thoughts disappeared as she felt intense pleasure from his mouth, Vritra then licked the outer part of her cave and sucked her clitoris, the sensitive tiny bud.

Vanessa’s body jerked back, it was too much for her, but Vritra didn’t stop and then pushed his tongue deep into her cave, her soft folds squeezed his nimble tongue as if trying to turn it into minced meat.

It was too tight.

"Ahnnnnnnn~ w- wait honey, something is c- coming, haaaaaaaa~ Y- Your tongue hnnnn~ it’s too deeeeeeppp~ uuuumpphhhhh~"

Just licking her folds for a single minute and sucking her love juices was enough to make Vanessa reach her first climax of the day or rather night, she pushed his head towards her pussy pressing her petals tightly into his mouth, as his tongue reached even deeper inside.

Her eyes rolled back, as she squirted out her sweet warm love juices inside his mouth directly.

*SPURT* *SPURT*

*GULP* *GULP* *GULP*

Vritra drank all her love juices, which tasted exceptionally good and messages after messages popped about experience points gained in front of him, he pressed his lips around her lower lips and didn’t waste any drop and gulped down everything.

Vanessa leaned forward as she hugged his head, his tongue still continued to wriggle within her cave. After a few seconds had passed, Vritra finally pulled out his tongue out of her body, leaving his mother panting hard.

She needed a few minutes of rest before her breathing became even.

The two stood in the shower as they got completely drenched in the water, hugging each other tightly.

After a few seconds of silence, Vanessa tilted her red face to look into his blood red eyes and spoke:

"How about I haa apply soap to your body now? Oh right, I had heard of a good haa haa massage that will perfectly relax your body and I can clean haa your body at the same time."

"Oh what kind of massage is it?" Vritra asked, feeling her cold smooth skin rubbing against his own.

"Hehe you will know once we start." Vanessa replied with a playful smile.

"Okay, so how do we start?" he asked, as his excitement rose.

She walked out of the shower and pulled some sort of mat from the corner, after spreading it on the floor she gestured Vritra to come closer.

"Just lie down here on your stomach and leave the rest to me." Vanessa said as she knelt down, her butt resting on her heels.

Vritra turned the shower off and moved onto the mat, then he laid down without saying anything; his chin resting over the top of both his hands.

"Now just enjoy the massage sir, I will make you feel heaven." Vanessa said and winked at him.

{Sin Point Gained: Flirted With +1}

Vanessa started lathering her large breasts with the soap, after properly covering them in it, she placed each of her legs to his side before going down on all fours, with Vritra under her.

Without even turning his head, Vritra could clearly see her large plump tits hanging from her body, soap and bubbles dripping down from her pink nipples.

After climbing onto his back Vanessa put her supple ass down on his body and leaned down, pressing her tender boobs and smooth belly against his body.

Her soft palms landed on his shoulders, and Vritra could clearly feel her smooth and warm thighs, her delicate belly and that soft yet hot lower mouth of hers, that he had eaten out not long ago.

"I am going to start now." Vanessa whispered close to his ear, her hot breath tickling his skin.

SQUENCH

She gently began to squeeze his shoulder while rubbing her boobs against his back sliding back and forth, her body felt hot and her nipples turned erect, she wondered if he would notice the changes and felt a bit embarrassed.

But without pausing, she continued to scrub his back earnestly in up and down motions.

Vritra felt his penis harden at this utterly soft sensation, Vanessa dedicatedly continued to clean and massage his back, and after working hard for a dozen minutes she pulled some water in a mug and poured it down on both their bodies; washing away the leather.

She sat back and while pouring more water she rubbed his back with her palms, after they were clean she got off his body and muttered:

"Now turn to the other side I will clean your front too." There was a hint shyness and seductiveness to her voice, it wasn’t visible because of the water but her juices were constantly leaking out of her pussy.

"Hmm That felt so good mom, I really loved it." Vritra said with a satisfied smile on his face as he turned around and lay with his hands on either side of his body.

Vanessa gazed at his body, feeling her mouth watering; then shaking her head she decided to start.

In her hurry to massage and clean her son’s body she even forgot to apply soap to her body as she put her right foot to his left side and stood on top of him, unknowingly giving Vritra a complete display of her beautiful and drenched vagina.

She felt his burning gaze on her lower body and very embarrassed as her face turned red as a tomato, so she hurriedly squatted down as her hips directly landed on his pelvis area.

His penis got buried in between the plump butt as he felt his cock being sandwiched in her supple ass cheeks, it was so warm and soft.

"Kyaaaah~" Vanessa let out a loud moan at the suddenly sensation of his rod pressing against her vaginal entrance, even her neck and ears had turned red, she unconsciously tightened her hips. Vritra closed his eyes, enjoying the pleasure, the feeling of being squeezed was euphoric.

"COUGH I will be starting then." Vanessa acted as if nothing wrong and this was just the part of her massage, she didn’t move her waist away and kept her hips over his cock.

She wiggled her butt sideways, as she tried to get into a more comfortable position making Vritra groan in pleasure, his penis squeezing between her soft and supple butt, rubbing against her buttery smooth skin.

____________

Thanks for reading...