Chapter 468: Uncle

[D-Day 1]

After announcing the break, Vritra glanced at the unexpected guest, but before that, he gestured towards Yennefer and Maeve to come closer, who were both in disguise.

The two women landed in front of him from the midst of the crowd and waited for him to speak.

[Eye of the End Activated.]

Vritra looked at Yennefer as a faint glow appeared in his eyes, and then a single word appeared over her head.

[Death!]

"..." Vritra felt his heart clench upon seeing that. Just as he had expected, the decisive battle wasn’t too far.

And Yennefer was certain to die in this battle.

’Fuck fuck...’ Vritra cursed, staring constantly at the single word even as the letters faded away. Just the thought of losing her forever filled him with intense emotions.

No matter what, he wouldn’t let her die.

He then glanced at Maeve. Unfortunately, the two chances of the Eye of the End were over.

He couldn’t check if she too was in danger.

’She too could be in danger, and trying to keep them away might not be the optimal solution.’ After all, who is to say that they won’t be in even more danger because he sent them away?

So any decision he makes might not reduce the danger.

"Is something wrong, husband?" Yennefer tilted her head, looking at him quizzically.

After thinking for a few long moments, he came to a conclusion.

"Show me your hand." He walked closer to her, as the confused Yennefer extended her right arm.

Vritra got a hold of her slender arm, feeling her soft, warm skin.

Then he took out a paper slip that had strange patterns drawn over it and pressed it against the back of her hand.

Suddenly a message popped in front of Yennefer.

[Used the Protection of Yama.]

"What... is this?" She only got more confused, staring at her arm then at Vritra.

The group of three was surrounded by a barrier that hid them from the public, so they returned to their original appearance.

"It’s just something I got recently, it will protect you." Vritra said, then he looked at Maeve and said, "Foxie, say ahh."

Being as obedient as ever, Maeve opened her mouth and let out a cute "ahh."

Vritra flicked his finger as a green drop flew and landed directly in the back of her mouth.

GULP

[Used Dew of Life.]

"Master, what was that?" Maeve couldn’t figure out anything from its energy, nor did it make any sort of changes in her body.

"You two must be feeling it too by now, the atmosphere inside the continent is getting abnormal. I am sure the big battle will be starting very soon." Vritra said.

He first turned to Yennefer, cupping her cheeks he spoke,

"No matter what, you must put your own safety on top. Even if you find me in danger, don’t do anything.

Uh... just know that it will just be a part of my plan." After a pause he asked, "You understand, right, Yenni?"

"Oh Uhm Y- Yes, I will." Yennefer was just surprised to hear him call her with that name again, so she replied absentmindedly.

"Foxie, you too, shouldn’t ruin my plan, you both understand, right?" He looked at them both, but knew the chances of them actually following it were slim.

"...Yes." They both nodded after a moment.

"Alright, that’s all I wanted to say. I will be going to meet him now." Vritra said, pointing towards the familiar boy in the crowd.

Nodding, the two women left as their appearance changed once again.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched 423,745}

{Sin Point Gained: Urged 421,013}

...

’Haa this is bliss, just a few more days and I will be able to spin the wheel again with even more keys.’ Vritra thought. Removing the barrier, he moved towards the crowd.

"Hello, it’s been a while, Rich." Vritra spoke, looking at the guy who was trying to hide his real appearance.

"Ah, how did you- cough I- I am not Rich, you got the wrong person. But do I know you?" Rich was surprised that his disguise was blown so easily.

"Well, let’s talk separately, shall we?" Vritra said, gesturing towards the center of the arena.

"Sigh, fine." Nodding, Rich gave up on pretending and followed Vritra.

After moving to the center, Vritra once again formed a barrier and took two chairs from his inventory, taking one and gesturing for Rich to sit on the other.

"Hmm, I never forget anything, but I can’t seem to remember ever meeting you. Are you sure we met before?" Rich asked, thinking long and hard.

"It is me, Jin Woo, can’t you recognize me? We even met in the prison." Vritra said, turning his appearance to a sickly young master.

"Huh? Weren’t you killed by the Empress—Yennefer?" Rich asked, so shocked that he fell down from his chair.

"Haa, she isn’t as heartless as you all think, she let me go after acting like she had killed me." Vritra said, releasing a sigh of relief.

"That’s... hard to imagine, but it’s good to know you are still alive.

I heard about this game so I just came here to clear my mind a little, damn my sister." Rich looked quite frustrated.

"The competitions that were happening all over the kingdoms were for your sister, huh. Your family is pretty impressive, do you have any relation with the emperor?"

Vritra questioned, hoping to get some info about the current situation while slowly moving the subject.

"Yeah, that was for my sister. So you are still going to participate in it, right? And yes, I am related to Emperor Darius. He is um, my uncle. More precisely, my father’s brother."

Rich answered, no longer hiding his identity.

"Your uncle?!! So you two are from the same family?" He continued to ask.

"No, the emperor had left our family a long time ago. Well, it’s complicated, but we are from different families, though our families are quite close still." Rich added.

"Oh, I see. I didn’t expect you to have such connections. Anyway, what has been going on in the continent? The air suddenly feels dangerous." Vritra asked casually.

"That... I think you should leave this place as soon as possible.

A big fight might break out soon. Even I came here for only a couple of hours." Rich said, not adding anything of value.

Vritra tried to ask in different ways but couldn’t get any useful information, so he finally decided to end the conversation.

"Well, it was a pleasure meeting you again, but don’t tell anyone that this is me." Vritra shook hands with Rich as the two bid farewell.

Of course, Rich was planning to watch the entertaining game for a while longer as he took his seat.

Vritra stood in the middle of the arena, various thoughts going through his mind.

’But why hasn’t Ziggy’s father attacked the emperor? Did he really not care about his son?’

Vritra thought as he announced the continuation of the game, waves of sin points pouring in again.

But for now, he just focused on the game, noticing that all the people were missing some big fish, as all these people were no longer enough to get them excited.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...