Chapter 578 Oooooh!!

"PITIFULLL ONEEEEEEEEEEE!! I AM BACCCKKKKKK~" just then they all heard a loud distant scream.

All of them turned and saw a large bull running through the heavy snow, and two people were seated on top of it.

"Who are they-" Shen was just asking, but noticed that the bull was running too fast to stop in this snow.

And as Bullo got closer and tried to stop, the two passengers were thrown forward while the bull itself skidded forward.

Vritra made the mind of everyone muddy with misty essence and slowed down their thinking with Null as the three figures flew through the air.

'It seems Shitless has been practicing diligently in the last six months.' Vritra thought as he saw the monk's shining head.

And in the next moment…

BOOOM!!

Shitless' bald head struck right into Sakshi's face, as a loud crunching sound rang out and she was thrown dozens of meters away.

BANG

Sir Giant was hit by the bull, after his physique was stolen his body had weakened greatly, he too was thrown away.

Onest was already at the lord rank, he could have reacted in time but couldn't because of Vritra's interference.

And then…

CRACK

His head struck Shen's crotch directly as a strange sound rang out along with Shen's loud, painful, blood-curdling shout.

Ompphhh!!

Instantly he sprawled over the ground, his body spasming as he clutched his crotch and let out strange noises.

Shitless and Onest got to their feet and acted as if nothing had happened.

"Vritra, where have you disappeared off to?" Onest asked, brushing off his clothes.

"Just somewhere away from this planet, anyway how did your training go?" Vritra asked, looking at the two and noticing the changes.

Onest shivered when he remembered the location that map brought him to, and spoke: "Where did you get that map from? It helped but it was just too terrifying and painful, I have nightmares daily."

"Hehe. My head is harder than most metals now, it was painful at first but now it's fine." Shitless used a cloth to wipe the blood off his head.

"That's good, we will be going to the Golden Moon soon, this time we will be the ones to start the war." Vritra said, Gunter was busy helping Sir Giant and Shen up, so he didn't pay much attention.

"Alright, let's go, it is time that the world gets to know of me." Shitless agreed instantly and so did Onest.

"You damned baldy, ughhh m- my face, cough, my nose is b- broken, ahhh again…" Sakshi rose to her feet, her face a bloody mess.

"Oops. Sorry, didn't see you there. Anyway, get lost, we are having an important discussion."

Shitless said, if she was someone important Vritra would have stopped him earlier.

"Who are these unruly bastards?" Shen stood on his wobbly legs, the damage was too serious.

"Hahaha. Are they gone?" Onest just started laughing seeing Shen's expressions.

"Hey behave, my brother in law tends to lose his bearings easily pfft-" Vritra tried holding his laugh back.

Sir Giant and Shen were both really angry but with Vritra there, both of them were too afraid to speak anything.

"Shen, kill this bald bastard right now. Ughh look what he did to me, enough with this act, just drag her along, I don't think he can fight our entire family now!!"

Sakshi shouted angrily, while groaning in pain.

Vritra gestured for Shitless and Onest to stay silent and looked at Sir Giant: "Is there anything else you came here for? If not, you can leave."

Sir Giant was about to speak but then quieted down, he looked at Teresa with a pitiful look and spoke:

"Teresa, are you just going to let him humiliate your family like this? You don't care about us anymore? He is clearly wrong here, no?"

"My husband is always right and I have a new family now, so Grandpa you should leave and not bother us in the future." Teresa said firmly, as she held Vritra's hand.

She quite enjoyed his touches, a simple gesture of holding hands was enough to keep her happy.

"T- Teresa…?" Sir Giant stared in disbelief, was it really the same innocent girl? What has happened to her?

"You aren't leaving?" Vritra asked, his expression changing, making the father and son shiver.

"W- Wait, there is something else I wanted to tell you. The day after tomorrow, Tiny's grand wedding will be held in the Ford Realm, I came here to invite you all."

He took out an invitation card and passed it to Gunter.

Finally, he turned and flew away, Shen did the same but even his flight was unsteady.

Sakshi was left behind shouting, so Vritra asked Bullo to escort her out.

BANNGGGG!

In the next instant, Bullo roared and hit her with all its might, tossing her body several kilometres away.

"The wedding… it's been ages since I first heard about it, just what sort of wedding is it?" Vritra shook his head, how long has this wedding been stretched for?

At least now they had selected a groom, it seems.

Vritra turned to look at Teresa and asked: "Do you think the Golden Moon and all others will also be there?"

"Yes, with Grandpa's previous position, the entire Golden Moon and many other organizations will be there." Teresa answered.

"Oh that would be even more fun than just going there, the grand reveal in the grand wedding hehe." Yasmine chuckled, imagining everyone's expression once they get to know her husband's true identity.

"Alright then, change of plan. We will be meeting them the day after tomorrow." Vritra said, then turning to Shitless and Onest he added: "You two should just stay here for now, oh right, here are gifts for you two from Tess."

He took the bracelets from Teresa and passed them to Shitless and Onest, who wore the bracelets and were instantly surprised.

"Ohh I feel warm." Shitless said, and there were many other features in the bracelets, the two looked really happy with their gifts.

They thanked Teresa then left with Gunter, who would arrange rooms for them.

"Let's return to our house, since we got a free day. We can check out the reason behind this weather as well." Vritra said, and opened a portal directly into their nice and warm room.

"Haa this place really has the feeling of home." Yasmine fell back onto the bed, relaxing.

Vritra sent the message to all his wives and soon they were in the house.

"Foxie, there is still time so just go ahead with your evolution, I will alter the passage of time." Vritra said, since Maeve didn't want to miss out on the big fight.

"Okay Master, don't go without me." She said, then tip-toed close to him, after giving a soft kiss over his lips she went to another room to evolve peacefully.

After Maeve was in her room, Vritra covered it with several barriers and changed the passage of time.

"How about you all start absorbing the core, meanwhile I will go and check out the north." Vritra suggested.

Vanessa and Diana didn't need to absorb that core, while Maeve already has other treasure.

That left Yasmine, Teresa and Fiona, and all three were the type to demand more of his attention.

And there was no way Vritra could win against them, so the four of them headed out towards the North.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...