Chapter 756 The Nose

After getting the confirmation Mole stood up and dragged his chair across the room, making the chair creak loudly.'

Then he put the chair down near drino, sitting right beside him, and gave a strange smile.

The chair was placed a bit too close for Drino's comfort, but Drino didn't want to offend the guy, so he simply sat there with a smile and endured it.

Mole had two eyes and a big mouth, there was no nose or none visible where his face was, making his appearance feel even stranger.

"My second question, which is just as important: Will I be allowed to participate in those special activities after this meeting ends?" he asked while pointing towards the walls with obvious interest.

The whole hall fell into silence for a moment.

There was complete silence in the hall after they heard this, they looked at the wall where various types of beasts were doing nasty things and then back at Mole.

Some of them even blinked twice in disbelief.

This guy was kinky and a bit too perverted.

"COUGH No, those scenes- fuck, stop that right away!" Drino shouted, he picked a glass from the table and threw it at the wall in irritation.

BOOOM!

The screen exploded and the whole space was engulfed by darkness for a few moments. Small fragments scattered across the floor.

 Then light came back on.

"Alright, now let's start with the meeting." Drino was hoping the level 4 Demi Gods would come before he starts.

That is why he even gave some time to this Mole guy.

And it was a mistake from the very beginning.

"Lord, now speak exactly as I say…" a clear voice sounded in his ear, as Drino began.

"I am sure every one of you have heard of the Divine, yes that famous criminal. And you know about his sisters." He paused for a dramatic effect just as the Lizzi named guy on the call said.

All of them got serious after hearing about Divine, the mood completely changed in an instant. Even those who looked lazy earlier straightened their posture.

"As we all already know, Divine is still alive and he uh even beat up the gods some time ago. With our strength we are nothing in front of him."

"But I have found the location of one of his sisters, and I was tasked by one of the gods to bring her to him but sigh…"

Drino paused, taking a deep breath and lowering his head slightly.

"But what?!" one of the Demi Gods asked, looking very curious and leaning forward.

"But just when I was about to kidnap her, I was intercepted by a guy, he wasn't particularly strong, just a level 1 Demi God.

I could have killed him with a single strike but I got careless and he managed to destroy my body by a secret weapon."

"Oh my!! Are you alright?" Mole shook in shock, one of his branch-like arms caressed Drino's chest.

"Y- Yeah I am fine." Drino nodded, gently pushing the arm away while forcing a smile.

"Lord, he is just showing his support, if you act like you are uncomfortable you might lose the support of these Demi Gods."

Lizzi spoke, in a solemn tone.

Drino clicked his tongue and focused on the explaining.

"That guy is Vritra, the successor of the Divine, and we have to kill him! It won't be hard, honestly I can do it alone but one couldn't be any more careful and this way we all can be rewarded by the gods."

Drino said in a loud excited tone, trying to ignite their greed.

"Hmm that is a nice proposal, if he is related to Divine, then he is a big criminal too." Mole was the first to speak, showing great enthusiasm.

His strength was nothing to scoff at even if he is very kinky.

"Yes, but getting involved in a matter related to Divine is a bit… too dangerous." Another Demi God said, and without a word he stood up and left. His figure vanished quickly.

'Damnit, these cowardly bastards, if I didn't need their help I would have beaten them all to death!' Drino felt so angry.

Lizzi knew the mood swings of his lord so spoke: "Calm down lord, you can't get angry, we need them. There are still many of them."

'Yes, right. It's alright.'

"It could be dangerous but I have almost succeeded in kidnapping that woman before, it was only because of my carelessness that she was taken away.

This time, we will do it all secretly and have perfect plans." Drino said confidently.

"Hmm I feel more and more confident in your words, and want to join you." Mole muttered, then groaned: "Ughh this bad itch, if you don't mind can you scratch this part, it is a bit difficult to do it on my own."

Mole pointed to a slightly bumpy part on his side which had a single hole in it.

'Huh? This bastard, he wants me to-!!' Drino almost tore him apart but Lizzi's voice rang out quickly.

"Lord, it is fine, it might be just his nose, just scratch a bit. Several Demi Gods follow Mole, if we can get him on our team then that would be great!"

So swallowing his pride, he extended a finger and began to scratch slowly.

"Ahh Oooh R- Right there, ohohoho Mhmmmm haa ufff you are g- good at this…" Mole moaned in a low voice.

'Control, control.' Drino reminded himself repeatedly.

"So, how many of you would like to join me on this special mission, there would be a lot of benefits and if we are careful we won't even face any danger."

Drino continued to explain further and answered some questions one after another.

Telling more details about Vritra and the sister of Divine, or how they were going to proceed.

Of course he didn't disclose his real plan or exactly the identity of Divine's sister.

Few rejected and left but some were greedy enough to stay, some were close friends of Mole, so they stayed too after exchanging glances.

In the end, aside from himself and Mole, five other Demi Gods remained who were ready to go along with Drino.

A total of 7 level 3 Demi Gods, it should be enough to even destroy a few planets, so killing Vritra and the other women wouldn't be difficult right?

And maybe the second sister of Divine is also there.

"Ahhhhhh th- thanks, I will definitely join you, that was great, no one had ever quenched my thi- COUGH ache like you did just now." Mole thanked.

Drino finally pulled his arm away, he cursed internally but thankfully he got a small team of Demi Gods.

So scratching the side of his nose for getting a few Demi Gods was not a bad deal either, at least on the surface.

Just then another Demi God flew into the hall, he looked almost like a human except the pale colour of his skin that was too white. His arrival carried a chilling pressure.

All of them stood up at once, as it was a level 4 Demi God, someone who can kill them all in a minute.

That was the difference between each level. It was not something numbers alone could explain.

This was why Drino was so baffled that as a level 3 demi god he was beaten by level 1 demi god.

"Welcome, Demi God Xenos!" Drino shouted, even bowing slightly and the others did the same.

"Hmm I already know of your plan and I will help if things go wrong, otherwise I won't even appear." Xenos spoke, he clearly looked down on them all.

"T- Thank you Demi God Xenos!" Drino spoke, as soon as Xenos had appeared the temperature in the hall had dropped drastically.

"Ughh My nose, why is it so chilly here? My nose gets stuffed in cold, SNIFF anyway, when are we starting-?" Mole scratched the two holes on his forehead, which worked as its nose.

"Wait you have noses at two places?" Drino asked.

"Huh? Of course not, I only have one nose, just like you cutie pie." Mole replied happily.

"T- Then what the fuck was that? The thing I scratched earlier?" Drino asked in utter disbelief, a strange feeling rising in his heart.

"( ͡¬ ͜ʖ ͡¬)" he remained silent and only gave an evil, suggestive smile.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...