Chapter 509: The Great Escape- Or is it?

BANG

Right after crushing the glyph, his body began to glow and mix with nature itself.

"..." Since the process had already started, Vritra knew it was difficult to stop it.

If he tried he might just end up killing Dago, so he just watched him disappear silently, which only made Dago more arrogant.

"The next time we meet, our circumstances wouldn’t be the same. At that time, I will drag you all over the continent, and show everyone that I am not scared of anyone..." the dragon emperor’s voice became fainter and fainter and soon he disappeared.

All the people watching it from the ground were shocked, did their leader just run away because of a nightmare?

...

Thousands of kilometres away, inside a random temple where dozens of men and women seemed to be praying to a large corpse.

All of them had pale greenish skin, and big bodies.

A light flashed, interrupting the group, and then Dago appeared in the midst of the group.

"Oh where am I?" he wondered and his nose wrinkled upon smelling the stench.

Looking back he saw a corpse hanging by heavy chains.

Tch, how disgusting...

Turning, he shot out flames that soon consumed the entire corpse and it turned to ashes within seconds.

The group of more than a hundred stared at the scene in bafflement, unable to react.

But seeing their god’s body being treated like that, they were all filled with madness.

Their jaws opened wide, displaying countless sharp teeth as they all pounced at him.

"Hmph you puny things think you too can beat me up! Fuck, why is everyone looking down on me nowadays, let me take all my anger out on you all."

Dago punched the air, blasting away the bodies of more than ten creatures, their bodies turning broken and bloodied.

"Hey Dago, what were you saying again you were going to do to me when we meet?" suddenly a chilling voice sounded from somewhere around.

Dago let out a terrified scream, almost feminine as he jumped back and looked around, soon seeing Vritra seated over a wall.

Two big horns were present on his head, his body still burning with the same flame.

"H- How is this possible!! This is bullshit, I- I have to run..." Dago was truly going mad, he was so terrified that his body seemed to have aged a few centuries within a few seconds.

"Alright enough playing around, now it is time for you to get your punishment." Vritra muttered, then he jumped off the wall but midway his body just disappeared.

Dago only felt a light tap over his chest and in the next moment aggravating pain flooded his senses, blood spurted out of all his holes at once.

All his strength disappeared.

Not far away, Vritra stood while holding a small round core, which was full of powerful mana, it was orange in colour.

"Not bad, I will take this as compensation." Vritra put it away, he felt that this might be somehow useful to Yasmine, if not then he would just absorb it.

COUGH COUGH

Dago fell to his knees, blood clouding his scent, he felt so much pain as his core itself was ripped out of his chest.

"Noooooo ughhhh cough cough ahhhhhh" his physical body was certainly quite strong as well but now he can’t even fight the weakest lord.

"Alright, now time to destroy your physique." Vritra spoke, he walked closer to the fallen Dago and placed his palm over his shoulder.

The green creatures were all terrified of Vritra so they didn’t dare interfere, hiding in the corners.

"W- What are you cough ahhhhh s- stooooppppp I am sorrryyyyyyy I didn’t even do cough a- anything..." Dago could only beg now, he had even lost his chance to use any treasure or special skill.

Without the core, he was so weak.

Vritra didn’t know much about his titan race, but he had a strange feeling.

A titan’s speciality was certainly its physical body, so if he was correct then...

As soon as Vritra concentrated, Dago’s body started undergoing a strange transformation.

Scales appeared all over his body, but for some reason it felt very painful.

He wasn’t even trying yet his body was undergoing the dragon transformation on its own.

But then something even more terrifying happened, as the scales rapidly began to move onto Vritra’s body before disappearing into his skin.

Dago wriggled and screamed, this felt even more painful than getting his core ripped away.

After all this time, Vritra was ripping away his very physique.

"Aaaaaaaahhhhhh noooooooooo d- don’t stop iiiiitttttt!! I am sorrryyyyy uwaahhhhhhh cough cough it hurtssss fucckkk spare me, just once f- for Yasmine’s sake she is my s- sister!!"

Dago was ready to sink to any length if it meant surviving.

If only this excruciating pain could stop.

But Vritra didn’t pause, since it was the first time he was devouring a physique so he wasn’t as efficient.

Though there was no worry, he had a live subject.

’So titan race can devour physiques, nice, I wonder what else I can do with my physique and bloodlines.’ Vritra thought, while feeling his physique strengthening.

Since he was already a demi god, the changes wouldn’t be as big but still Dago was quite strong.

After over an hour, which seemed to have pulled Dago’s very soul out of his body, the extraction was complete.

’Once I get used to it, then I will be able to devour the physiques even faster.’

He thought now looking at the pitifully weak man, his strength was even weaker than an average human.

"What a sight, so Dago how are you feeling?" Vritra muttered, he really enjoyed stealing and punishing his enemies.

"Y... You bastard h- how cough could you ughhh i... i..." Dago could no longer even speak as he lay sprawled over the floor.

"You all, come here and have a bite of the dragon emperor’s body. But don’t kill him." Vritra said, as he jumped back and sat relaxed on the wall.

The scared creatures, urged by Vritra and natural hypnosis, slowly crawled forward but after seeing the hateful Dago who burnt their god...

They all went into madness and attacked him again.

BITE BITE

CRUNCH CRUNCH

Dozens of them started tearing apart at his body, pulling his limbs, flesh, even tearing apart his belly.

Initially Vritra planned to torture Dago further but seeing that sight, he felt this much was enough for him.

Even after losing his core and physique, Dago wasn’t able to die no matter what sort of injuries he received.

He kept screaming until his throat was ripped away, his jaw also got devoured.

This was a tragic end, it reminded Vritra of a zombie movie.

He continued to watch it for a few more minutes.

And only after confirming Dago’s death did he finally decide to leave, now finally, Yasmine will have her body back.

Of course even the soul was devoured by his soul wraiths. And his storage glyphs were taken away by him.

Now all of them were already in the lord rank.

As for the place where Dago had hidden her stuff, Vritra already located it back in the palace.

He flew back, appearing into the dragon kingdom within moments.

He directly went towards the dead emperor’s chamber.

Staring towards the ground, he kicked the floor hard.

BOOOOOOM

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...