Chapter 741  The Criminal Lawyer

"I- I was just playing around, that means nothin-" Asmodeus tried to make some excuse but he was no match for this lawyer.

"So you roleplay getting kidnapped by people you are meeting for the first time? That's a strange hobby, you can now leave, thank you for your time."

With a big grin, PetoPhil spoke, he had made his point and from the light whispers it was evident that they all could tell it.

"Impressive!" one of the gods said, they were happy to have chosen this lawyer.

"So we can't accept Asmodeus as the legal witness, do you have anything else to prove your words?" Evelyn asked, clearly annoyed.

"…Uh yes." Vritra thought for a few moments and nodded.

"Great, since you have enough evidence, I declare you to be the winner of this-" Evelyn began to pass her judgment quickly yet again got interrupted.

"W- Wait ma'am, he hasn't even shown anything yet." PetoPhil was about to go mad, what was even going on in this case.

Was he the abnormal one here?

"Hey come here!" one of the gods hurriedly called out, and the baffled PetoPhil finally walked towards them.

"What is it? Why do you keep disturbing me? This trial is getting critical, if you keep interrupting I'll lose focus and then the trial itself." PetoPhil warned.

"No, there is something important you should know. It will make our victory very easy and that Vritra will be given even harsher punishment." The rope god spoke, his voice calm yet possessing some excitement.

"Oh, hurry up, what is it?" he asked hurriedly, PetoPhil now felt that he had to win the trial at any cost.

"Vritra is directly related to the Divine and we have enough evidence to prove it, it was the Divine that had sent them here." The book god quickly shared all the information.

And PetoPhil became extremely confident, now he didn't even need to prove it, these guys were already criminals.

"That's just perfect, give me the video and other evidence and I'll win this trial for us!" PetoPhil announced and stretched his hand.

The gods looked at one another and hesitated but they had to win this so reluctantly they gave the video and other evidence to their lawyer.

"Sorry for the delay, honorable ma'am. I have just received a very important piece of news, one that will instantly prove that they are all criminals."

As everyone heard this, another wave of discussions rose, new twists kept rising in this trial, keeping them all invested and interested.

"Speak." Evelyn said, she knew exactly what was going to happen.

PetoPhil bowed and pulled out several pieces of evidence, with this he would be able to easily prove the connection between Divine and the ten of them.

The objects floated towards Evelyn, but first passed through the man in black clothes.

"Hmm we can't use these pieces of evidence for various reasons you aren't allowed to know but we can play the video." the man in black said as he destroyed the evidence right away.

"Wai-" PetoPhil was taken aback, now this was getting too obvious. He sighed, at least there was still a video.

"Play it." Evelyn said as she leaned back, her blonde hair caressed her milky cheeks, her ethereal beauty taking every man's breath away.

"Let's play a game…" the video played in which a guy disrespected the gods and even beat them up, making their heads explode.

"This!" Evelyn acted shocked, as she watched the video.

"How dare you hide the fact that you have seen that criminal Divine and that he has stolen something so important. All ten of the gods will be sent to world prison for a month and be smacked at least a hundred times every day!!" Evelyn announced in anger as she wrote something down.

All the people watching the video began to mock the gods, many laughing openly.

While PetoPhil was just confused, how come he was winning and had all the evidence, yet they were the ones receiving constant punishments.

"B- But honorab-" PetoPhil tried to speak.

"What? You want to refute me? You too will be included in that punishment, tell me if you have anything more related to the case or I'll pass my judgment." Evelyn spoke loud and clear.

"Okay I will give the absolute evidence and prove that these people have destroyed the game and should be punished." PetoPhil decided to play his biggest card.

"Vritra, can you come stand here, I have a few questions for you." PetoPhil asked politely.

"I don't want to." Vritra refused.

"H- Huh?" PetoPhil wondered if he heard wrong, this isn't something that people can just refuse, this is a court trial.

Won't refusing just prove them guilty and mean they are trying to oppose the law?

"…" With a strange look on his face he looked at Evelyn, he was sure she would feel the same.

"It's alright since he doesn't feel comfortable with it, do you have anything else?" Evelyn asked.

PetoPhil: "…"

Was this a parody court or something, what was even happening? Why was the higher being judge acting so strange?

"I… I have the proof that they disrupted the game and wasted all the resources, while cheating!!" But PetoPhil wasn't someone who accepted defeat.

"Sigh this is your last chance." Evelyn said.

"Thank you ma'am, let me present to you all the greatest evidence!! In the planet of our pitiful players, we recently found out a strange seed, and that seed can only be found on the Zoratian planet!!"

Since the other side was playing unfairly, he also decided to break the rules, this was the last strategy where he would need to break the law to win.

"But that proves nothing, I have this pen and I took it from your pocket and if I kill someone with it does it prove you are the killer?" Vritra said, sputtering whatever gibberish he wanted after all…

"Excellent, what a wonderful reply! There is no need for further trial, just based on this single line I declare the ten of them to be the victims of this entire shady deal!!"

Evelyn quickly announced, PetoPhil was about to interrupt but Vritra took a step forward and wrapped a piece of cloth around his mouth forcefully.

The rest of the court watched in stunned silence.

Vritra had literally silenced the lawyer of the opposition, what sort of trial was this?

"As compensation to these ten from the Zoratian planet, they can now skip the trial, 1st game, 2nd game and as they have already won the third game, so all ten of them will now be promoted to demigods at level 3!"

Evelyn made another shocking revelation, shocking everyone even further.

What sort of compensation? Even if they actually won, they shouldn't be receiving even half of that.

"Furthermore, the ten gods for their personal benefits had put them through unimaginable mental pressure, are responsible for many deaths. They will receive the harshest punishment that will be decided by my father and as for PetoPhil, for defending the criminals, twisting the truth and various other crimes, you can no longer be a lawyer, all your money and property will be seized, you'll be living in prison for two years and be whipped each day." Evelyn made the final judgment.

"Mmm uuuuuu" PetoPhil tried to scream but was already tied up, he wriggled on the ground.

How come a lawyer was the one getting punishments for a trial? Just what is happening?

"Hahaha this is the first time I'm seeing that the lawyer was found guilty in the case. But serves that arrogant dwarf bastard right, I didn't like his smile."

"Pffttt what's more pitiful are those gods, just look at them they are still shocked, I've never been to a trial this funny. Those ten even got beat up by the Divine, this is big news!!"

All the people excitedly exited the court, the news would soon be spreading everywhere.

"…" The ten gods just sat there, even if they had just accepted their crimes they would at most have received a warning and maybe a day or two in prison.

But now?

They were fucked.

Vritra ignored the gods and finally took off his foot from PetoPhil's head, maybe he could even be a lawyer.

He was just too talented.

Several people even came to congratulate him, and Vritra being the humble one just blamed the creators for making him overly talented.

Soon most people had left, the ten gods were still seated there.

"That was a good battle, very soon we will however be fighting a real battle, be ready." Vritra spoke, showing a big smile that irritated the gods a great deal.

{Sin Point Gained: Enraged +11}

'Oh this is back?!' Vritra thought in surprise, finally they were done with that apocalyptic land.

But he wondered if the people there would finally experience peace, yet it was out of his capability.

"You won't be smiling for long, I will make sure you cry blood tears!" the Sun god threatened, interrupting Vritra's thoughts.

"Heh you better pray that doesn't happen, or you will be left regretting." Vritra said and turned, he was still no match for them but very soon, they would be dethroned and beaten.

Finally the ten gods were taken away.

"PetoPhil, enjoy your time in prison and didn't you say something earlier you would do if you lose? Make sure to fulfill your promise." Vritra cut the rope as PetoPhil finally got free.

"You bastard, you are going to regret it, do you know who my step daddy is!! He will…" PetoPhil screamed as he got dragged away.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... Adios