Chapter 450: The Dead Man

After activating several of his skills, Vritra finally made the jump into the dark hole.

If anything, this was certainly going to be one of a kind adventure for him, and if his speculation is correct then whatever he obtains here would be helpful for him in the future.

It would prove that someone is certainly sitting somewhere, putting all their focus on him and either enjoying his suffering or trying to help him.

Maeve and Yennefer stayed outside, feeling worried, but they believed Vritra would be fine no matter what.

’Sigh...’ Yennefer stared at the broken temple, aside from worry about Vritra, there was one other thought.

Even though Vritra has forgiven her, things still didn’t feel like before; he had not even called out to her gently like before.

And she didn’t know what it was going to take to right her mistake, she still longed for his love-filled gazes and tight hugs.

...

Vritra continued to move down into the darkness but even after several meters, there was no land, it really felt like a bottomless pit.

’The stench here, it feels like thousands of corpses have been rotting in one place.’

Vritra thought, as he held his breath and used the third eye to observe everything.

"I can’t sense any lifeform here either, maybe they shifted to some other location. Even though most of those Plague Rats have low intelligence, a few are quite intelligent."

Yasmine spoke, sensing the faint radiations in the air.

’Yeah, let’s continue the search.’ Vritra increased his speed and disappeared completely into the darkness.

After falling for some time, he finally saw ground. Vritra gently landed and looked around.

It was like a hive, there were thousands of caves built all over the place but there really was no one.

Vritra walked around, just observing things and saw strange marks, as if someone was dragging a few bodies.

In the darkness, not too far away, a pair of eyes glowed. Staring at the invader, it was only for a moment before any sign of life disappeared from its eyes.

’Hmm I just sensed something but it was too faint.’

Vritra looked in the direction of the creature in hiding, and somehow the radiations in the air seemed to have gotten stronger.

"Yeah there really was someone here, but it feels like they took their own life after a moment or something. But not before sending back a signal." Yasmine added.

Within a few seconds, a fire suddenly lit up at the centre of the enormous cave, it instantly lit up the surroundings completely.

’What a setup, before any physical attack, they target the mind of their targets. Not bad.’

Vritra nodded, most others might just get afraid of this and lose their sanity.

Then several shadows appeared on the walls, distorted and large, releasing grotesque sounds.

The air began to turn strange, as if vibrations were affecting everything and radioactive radiations began to fill the cave.

Vritra looked down at his hands, despite being in the disappearing state, he could sense how it was trying to affect his skin.

Even his clothes were already affected.

’These things could even sense my presence and affect me while in the dimensional book, and they just seem to be the patrolling team.’ Vritra was still calm, he focused over the creatures.

There were a total of ten of them, and their bodies looked so strange. It was completely distorted and ruined, and constantly emitted those dangerous radiations.

’Alright time for the hunt, let’s find if normal attacks work against them.’

[Switch: Demonification (40%)]

Vritra’s body instantly began to emit a powerful energy, pausing those creatures for a moment, and they knew it was someone really powerful.

Their usual tactics would be useless against him, so instead, all ten of them charged at Vritra directly.

Removing the disappearing state, Vritra teleported right behind the body of one of them.

Their skin was pulsating and looked disgusting, as if they had been boiled in boiling oil.

WHOOSH

Throwing a punch with all his strength, Vritra used Intra Shuffled to maintain some distance by increasing the length of his arm.

His fist actually easily punctured through its skin but inside its body there were no organs or even bones, it was only strange twisting flesh that was the source of the radiations.

Instantly Vritra felt an extremely hot sensation against his skin, trying to break through his defences, and it actually managed to affect him.

These strange radiations really had the ability to go through his defences.

Vritra instantly pulled his hand back, a faint sensation of pain spreading through his right arm.

His arm was shaking and the radiations seemed to be wreaking havoc inside his hand, spreading quickly.

Vritra instantly used his Null Field’s ability to slow down the time over his arm, greatly slowing the radiations.

’These creatures are indeed dangerous, even going through the Divine’s physique, but thankfully I have something good too.’ Vritra ignored the slight pain and rushed towards the other creatures.

"Hubby what are you doing? We need to remove those radiations first, physical attacks are just useless in front of them–"

Yasmine was just speaking but Vritra ignored her words, he began to punch and kick the ten creatures.

Tearing them apart and blasting them, within a few moments, his entire body was filled with those dangerous radiations and he was covered in a greyish colour.

While those plague rats still weren’t dead, their torn bodies wriggled and joined back, before coming back to life.

They already looked at Vritra like a target who was already dead, sending back a signal that the latest threat had been taken care of.

"Sigh Hubby, what were you planning? Are you trying to commit suicide or something?" Yasmine clearly looked worried, even after using Null, the radiations were still destroying his body.

’I am waiting.’

"Huh? Waiting for what? Don’t tell me you really were planning that, just what are you–" but she paused, as several messages flashed in front of Vritra.

[Mutamorphis Activated.]

[Observing body’s condition.]

[Calculating the risks.]

[Searching for solutions.]

[Starting procedure.]

And just as Vritra had hoped, Mutamorphis appeared at just the right time, he really missed seeing such messages.

Maybe because these Arthal Plague Rats weren’t too powerful, but despite the radioactive radiations filling his body, he wasn’t too badly affected.

[Your resistance against various radiations grows.]

[Progress: 0%]

[Progress: 0.01%]

...

Amidst the silence, the Arthal Plague Rats just waited for Vritra to die, they actually enjoyed the sight of their victims exploding into a mess.

While Vritra endured the pain and watched one message after another flash before his eyes.

’Haa this is not enough and far too slow, looks like I need to absorb more radiations.’

After making up his mind, he finally released the breath he was holding and calmly looked at the ten rats.

Although they seemed perfectly fine, since some of the radiation got transferred to Vritra, a slight change could be sensed in their body mass.

’I guess this will also help me kill them.’ After making up his mind, Vritra wasted no more time.

[Intra Shuffle Activated.]

Both his arms grew several meters long, and pierced through the bodies of all the Arthal rats in the next moment.

They didn’t even try to defend while staring at Vritra in confusion, wasn’t he just trying to get killed by doing this?

His arms were piercing directly through the bodies of all ten of the creatures, the flesh sticking directly to his skin as the radiations poured crazily into his body.

This much amount would have been enough to even severely injure or even kill strong warriors.

The ten were sure that Vritra was definitely being affected by their radiations, so in an attempt to kill him, they increased the amount by several times.

"Hubby, have you started to enjoy the pain or something? Why always use such ways to get stronger? If it continues like this then I wouldn’t be surprised if you suddenly even use the gods to practice."

Yasmine sighed, she didn’t like seeing him suffer pain but it was pretty normal for Vritra by now.

’Well this seems to be the easiest and fastest way, though I would also love if I can grow without going through so much trouble.’

Vritra said, feeling the pain increase slightly, but he could easily handle that much.

Minutes passed, outside, Maeve and Yennefer were starting to get worried so they could no longer stay back and charged into the temple.

Passing through the darkness, they sensed strong radiations emanating from the ground; flying at full speed they soon landed and saw the strange scene.

"Master, w-what’s going on? Are you winning or losing?" Maeve asked in confusion, the ten creatures’ bodies were hanging over Vritra’s arms, but so much radiation was charging into his body while the size of those creatures seemed to be decreasing.

"S-Should we intervene?" Yennefer asked, frowning.

"No, don’t do anything. I have got the situation under control." Vritra nodded with a reassuring look.

"Uh... B-But it looks like you are getting hurt." Maeve said, barely holding back from attacking the ten creatures.

"Just stay there and watch."

The two could only nod and watch it all helplessly. While the rats wondered what they were supposed to do in this situation, they were just hanging in the air.

And shockingly, as minutes ticked by, Vritra’s body remained the same while the Arthal Rats’ body size began to reduce.

After around thirty minutes, almost all the flesh from their bodies had disappeared, now only that rotten skin of theirs remained and the life slowly disappeared from their eyes.

And then they finally died, all the radiation was absorbed by him.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...