Chapter 209: The Fearless Demon Generals

"Hnnngggg~" A sultry moan came out of Vanessa’s mouth as Vritra bit her nipple, and so began the intense training between the two that lasted several hours.

***

Early the next morning, Vritra and Vanessa walked out of their room after getting ready. Fiona and Diana also walked out after a minute; all of them were ready to head into the Small Forest for some hunting.

Monk Shitless was still sleeping. Vritra had to wake him up himself to start the act. Now the monk was rather optimistic about his role. After getting ready, he walked out of his room, and as expected, the crown prince came to see them so early.

"So all of you are ready to head into the Small Forest? Are you sure you don’t need any guards just in case?" the crown prince asked as he stopped beside Sonia.

"No, we don’t need any. Is the carriage ready?" Vritra asked as they began to walk out of the castle. He could clearly sense the eyes hidden in the darkness that were constantly keeping an eye on their group—or on Sonia, to be exact.

’Looks like the king has taken the bait, as expected of the father of the biggest simp. With how capable this prince is, I think our task will be faster than expected,’ Vritra thought, as he saw Monk Shitless doing his role perfectly.

"Yes, everything is ready. Tell me if you need anything else," the crown prince replied. Soon they arrived, and there waited the luxurious carriage.

"Let’s go." Vritra and the three women sat in the carriage, while Monk Shitless was left behind with the crown prince. He wasn’t as afraid or awkward as before.

***

After getting the shit beaten out of them in the Dunshire Kingdom, Faceless, Blunder, and their teams—as well as the three demon generals—had run out of that kingdom, a trauma settling deeply within their hearts.

Blunder had run straight back to the White Kingdom where his base was located—or rather, he was brought there by his team since he was too badly injured. And the injuries given by the demon lord’s energy take quite long to heal, that is, if they can heal at all.

The three generals heard that Vritra had entered the Blue Kingdom, so despite their reluctance, they entered the kingdom since they still needed to find the core of their lord.

They still planned to sacrifice almost all the people of the Dunshire Kingdom to bring Voromir back to life.

But they couldn’t find Vritra anywhere, and since demons can’t move around in the kingdom freely, they could only join hands with some nasty humans and make use of them.

Faceless had returned to his secondary base, which was located in the Blue Kingdom, instead of returning to his primary base in the White Kingdom, since that was too far and they were in no condition for long travel.

But Vritra had killed more than thirty thousand of his men. Aside from the few strongest, almost all of the base in the Blue Kingdom had been emptied, and they desperately needed more men to continue their work.

But before they could start recruitment, they received a message from the demon general Silquor to meet him and discuss some serious business.

And so, a meeting was set between the demon generals and Faceless of the Nine Pacts. Also, what could be a better place for a meeting than the forest where humans and demons could venture alike?

After their first meeting, they quickly formed a new kind of partnership. The three generals’ aim was just to get the demon lord’s core from Vritra, while the Nine Pacts wanted Vritra dead first before moving on to their next goals.

Today again, they had set a meeting to share whatever information they had obtained. Even after so many days had passed, there had been no news about Vritra. Of course, they deduced that he had most likely disguised himself, so it was quite difficult to find him in such a huge kingdom—but he didn’t seem like the type that would lay low.

In a large wooden room built in the middle of the Small Forest, Faceless sat on one side of a large table and poured tea for himself. Behind him stood five of his underlings.

They waited in silence for the three demon generals for their second meeting. The Nine Pacts wanted to get their hands on the Scarlet Couple Inheritance, but because of the emperor’s interference, they weren’t able to go inside.

Just before leaving, Blunder had told him about big news. The Grieves had made their way into the Blue Kingdom, and one of their targets was an unknown inheritance.

Faceless had been keeping a close eye on all the inheritances that were opening all over the Blue Kingdom after the Scarlet Inheritance was taken by the Empress, but there hasn’t been anything important.

Soon they heard the sound of wind rushing. Faceless stood up and walked out of the wooden house calmly to welcome his guests. These demon generals were much stronger than him and would be of great use.

The three demon generals were so strong that they could slaughter the entire Blue Kingdom within minutes. They truly showed just how fearsome the demons could actually be. All three of them had lived for so long, Faceless wondered just how high their levels must be. To be honest, he was also quite afraid of them.

’Hmm, they are being a bit late today. I wonder if something happened,’ Faceless thought, though he doubted anything in this kingdom could really threaten them.

Just then, he saw the three demon generals flying toward him at extreme speed. At first, they were just small dots in the distance, but within a moment, they arrived just a few meters away from him.

"Generals, you are truly as magnificent as always—" but Faceless and the other five were baffled when the demon generals didn’t even glance at them and rushed forward as if fire had been set on their asses.

Thaddeus, Silquor, and Morvik— all three of them held terrified expressions as they fled with all their might as if their lives depended on it. If they were a bit slower, they would be beaten to a pulp.

’W-What’s going on? I did hear that some people from the Golden Moon had arrived here. Did they send such strong people that could make even the fearless demon generals cower like that?’ Faceless gulped. They couldn’t oppose the Golden Moon directly; that organisation was quite dangerous.

He looked at the five others and nodded at them, quickly coming to a decision to flee as soon as possible.

Just then, he noticed a single dot in the distance that seemed to be chasing after the three demon generals.

’It is just a single person?’ Faceless was even more shocked, and soon he saw...

A demon with bluish energy swirling around his body, two horns on his head, and... a leather belt in hand?!!

Faceless instantly recognised that demonic energy. He felt goosebumps all over his body. The injuries from the previous time hadn’t even healed properly yet, and there he was—

The demon lord Vritra, looking as bloodthirsty as ever, his face stained with red blood as if he had just devoured someone alive.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...