Chapter 106: Jaw Breaking Battle

’So he intended to kill me from the beginning.’ Number One’s mind went blank, the dread of death gripped his heart as his vision blurred.

’No, I still have a chance. The two Myriad creatures are too far. If I can kill him before they arrive, I will be able to survive.’

He was so panicked that he really thought he could kill someone who was controlling two Myriad creatures so easily.

{Sin Point Gained: Locked on +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Hated +1}

"Ah y- you were one of them? I- I’m sorry! I wasn’t the one in control of that mission, so please—Die, you bastard!!"

Number One suddenly pulled out his blade and thrust it forward, directly aiming to cut Vritra’s head in two.

His strength might have weakened by fifty percent, but even at level seven hundred he believed Vritra couldn’t survive that blow.

On the other hand, Vritra just stood calmly, making no move at all. A small smile remained on his lips under the mask. This was the perfect chance to test out his new armor. Even if it wasn’t that good, Number One wouldn’t be able to kill Vritra.

WHOOSH

CLANG

The sword hit an invisible surface and the blade paused just a few millimeters away from Vritra’s cheek. It was as if there was an unbreakable and unmovable wall surrounding his body. No matter how much strength Number One put into his attack, he wasn’t able to do anything.

"It is nice," Vritra muttered, and he just allowed Number One to launch attack after attack, but all of them paused just a few millimeters away from his body. It was like a paper stick hitting a metallic wall.

"Well, enough playing around."

Vritra’s expression changed suddenly. The Nine Pacts was one of the reasons he had almost lost his life, and even his mother was so close to death. He wouldn’t spare them even if the gods pleaded for them.

He pulled out a sword from his inventory—a random high grade one he had borrowed from the king’s inventory—then he muttered:

"Forbid: Mana!!"

[Forbidden Activated.]

Number One’s face paled as, all of a sudden, he couldn’t sense or control even a little of his mana. His body felt weak, and his strength seemed to have decreased by a large amount in an instant.

His body shivered violently. He finally remembered... how could this person be weak? He had subdued two Myriad creatures. So should he be scared of those two balls, or of this Monarch of Death?

He was about to plead for mercy when the sword flashed in his eyes, and in the next moment, two arms flew through the air before landing on the ground with weak thuds. Then blood splattered all around with an ear piercing scream.

{Sin Point Gained: Frozen +11,003}

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +11,003}

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +11,002}

{Sin Point Gained: Overwhelmed +11,003}

{Sin Point Gained: Petrified +11,003}

...

As the heart wrenching screams rang out, even the people from Golden Moon, who were looking around to cause trouble, froze mid action and sat down on the ground like innocent and well behaved puppies.

This scene was too terrifying—the leader of the Nine Pacts group in charge of the Dunshire Kingdom was defeated so easily, and both his arms were cut off in an instant.

Now all of them were truly terrified of Vritra. The group of eleven thousand shivered and regretted ever setting foot in this den of the devil. Those two balls looked so cute—Vritra was the real devil. They had all understood this.

Only Monk Shitless looked excited as he watched Number One get tortured. He truly loved chaos, and that’s why he had even come to such a dangerous place.

The first time he had seen Vritra, he had seen that shadow of endless slaughter and bloodshed. Too much chaos and death. It was to the point that the whole capital was filled with a bloody fate energy, which had attracted Monk Shitless to this kingdom.

This sight was just wonderful...

"Aghhhhh! S- Stooooop! Please spare meeeeeee!!! I am begging you, give— ughhhh— me another c- chance, I don’t want to die— ahhhhh! I— COUGH COUGH— I am s- scared; I will do a- anything. It hurts aaaaaaah!"

The arms were cut cleanly from just above his elbows. He flailed what was left of his arms around while begging pitifully.

Despite watching him scream in pain and beg for mercy, Vritra didn’t feel any pity at all. He had seen what these scums did to other people in that base of theirs—in the name of experiments, they were so viciously tortured.

Their bodies were distorted, fed to insects or other creatures, injected with dangerous liquids, acids, and whatnot. Their bodies melted, exploded, got unknown diseases... Vritra might never forget that disturbing sight.

Seeing Number One only increased his anger even more. Most of all, because of this organization, Vanessa had cut her own wrist and tried to take her life several times. That was what made him even angrier.

After Number One screamed for a while and tried to run away, Vritra’s body flashed as he cut off both his legs. Number One, who was running, suddenly fell forward. At first, he couldn’t understand what had happened, but as he looked back, he was horrified and his screams became even more frantic.

"Sob... J- Just kill m- me! Ahhhhhh! My legsssss! I can’t take this p- pain! Ughhh! H- Help me! Cough cough... somebody, p- please... sob..."

The limbless leader pleaded, but no one even dared to look at him.

Filled with regret and despair, he tried to bite off his own tongue, hoping to end his suffering. But with a whooshing sound, the sword tore through the air and cut across his cheek, as his jaw barely hung from his head.

His voice instantly became distorted, and he was no longer able to speak. The others’ bodies chilled with goosebumps as they watched the whole scene in terror. They could almost feel the pain through those painful wails.

Vritra looked down at the wriggling body for a few seconds, then he plunged the sword into his belly and left it there. With his high vitality, he wouldn’t die immediately—but slowly and very painfully, he would lose his life.

After removing the Forbidden skill, Vritra walked away from Number One’s body. If he could use his mana, then he would be able to stay alive for a bit longer—no matter how much he tried to die.

’That feels quite satisfying, everyone in the Nine Pacts deserve that.’ He thought.

"Exactly, his screams now match those of his victims." Yasmine nodded in satisfaction.

"Now, what were you all saying earlier? Something about killing me?" Vritra asked as he stopped in front of the two organizations.

"N- No sir, we are merely lowly bugs! How dare we even think of something like that?"

The dragon masked man smashed his head against the ground quite hard. His mask cracked— half of it fell, while the other half hung on his face.

He too seemed to be in his thirties, though his real age must be much higher. He should be more than a century or two old. There were wrinkles on his face— for some reason, it seemed he had already reached his limit in strength.

____________

Thanks for reading...