Chapter 663 Crash Landing

The leader of the blue side, the Eagles, was Ergen, whose voice sounded very thick while his body twisted around like rubber.

He had awakened a special ability like that guy from anime.

While on the other side was Ming, the leader of Glasses; his ability was to shoot powerful lasers from his fingers.

"She chose me, not you!!" Ming shouted, shooting lasers towards the thin Ergen.

"This Ascension path is calling to me, can't you hear? It's saying daddy, come take me haha," Ergen said in his heavy voice, then added:

"Tell that bitch her husband's dick isn't even 1% of mine, heh I bet you can't even satisfy her."

Ergen had devoted his life to that woman who promised to marry him; he paid for everything, gave her a home, and stayed like her servant.

But that woman kicked him away as soon as she got a job and eloped with this Ming.

"You can have her if you like, but this ascension path is mine, even if I have to kill everyone here I am not-"

Just then their quarrel paused as a distant loud screeching sound reverberated, all of them looked up.

The mutants fighting on the other side paused as well, their bodies tensing up and they almost started to flee.

Then a large and strange looking bird became visible, its body resembling a long thick snake with large wings.

It was swinging around violently, all of them on the ground were baffled.

They had seen a lot of powerful mutants around, but most were present at the centre of the city.

That's why they remained on the outskirts, this ascension path was precious but the powerful mutants wouldn't have any use for it.

Their first instinct upon seeing such a powerful mutant was to hide, but soon they noticed that something was wrong.

The large mutant was swinging around wildly, blood was pouring out of its body, and it seemed to be breathing out fire from its nose and mouth.

THUMP THUMP THUMP

Muffled sounds kept ringing from inside its body, it smashed into a few buildings.

BOOM

An explosion rang out as a big hole opened in its back, making the mutant screech madly.

It smashed into the ground, wildly shaking and skidding over hundreds of metres.

Just some distance away from the frozen human groups, it stopped, screaming and thrashing.

BOOOM!!

Another loud explosive sound and flames burst out of its back, the eyes of the mutant exploding all of a sudden.

It bit down on its own long tongue, wings stretched far but could do nothing.

"E- Ergen, this ascension path stone is yours." Ming suddenly turned and tried to flee.

But Ergen wrapped one of his arms around his leg, making him fall face first into the road.

"Hah You motherfucker, you think you can run away? Either we both die or just you die, you are not leaving alive from here!!" he swung Ming, throwing him towards the mutant.

KRRIIEEEEEEEEEEE

Electricity coursed through the body of the bird, shooting in random directions.

"You piece of shiiiieeeetttttt-" Ming screamed, his body almost falling into the bird's screeching mouth, but using the laser he barely managed to smash into the ground.

After a few minutes of struggling, the large mutant suddenly became still, its screams coming to a halt.

"Is it dead? H- How? Did it run from a fight? Did it fail to evolve? What happened?" Ergen wondered, gulping in fear.

They looked so small in front of this thing, its length was way too big and the width alone was more than 30 feet.

Then the sound of bone crunching rang out and flesh being torn apart, the dead body trembled slightly.

All jumped back, wondering if this thing was still alive.

"Uwaaaaaaa" Ming screamed, shooting lasers in all directions as he rolled on the ground.

CRACK CRUNCH KSSHHHH

After a moment, the flesh on the back of the mutant bird was torn, and a figure rose.

He was covered in blood, somehow appearing much more terrifying than the mutant bird itself.

"H- He killed it? Is it a human or a mutant?" The people stood closer, as Ming hugged Ergen's leg.

"Boss, he is asking if it's a human or mutant." Ming's underling spoke, his body structure looked strange, like a horse.

"I heard it, damnit!" Ming cursed, if he wasn't his wife's brother, he wouldn't have brought this man here.

Vritra climbed out of the corpse of the mutant bird, his tall figure stood on top of it gazing at his surroundings.

He kind of lost his senses at the final step of the ascension.

Vritra didn't know what had happened but he suddenly felt something hit him and then he was eaten by this mutant.

Without panicking he first made sure his wives, Shitless and Onest were safe by asking Divine.

Then he looked at his status panel.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 126.5)

(Agility: 130.4)

(Endurance: 128.7)

(Spiritual: 182.1)

{Free Attribute: 0}

』

{Sin Points: 91,499}

It seemed increasing his stats would be even more, based on the large amount of sin points, he surely must have killed a lot of mutants.

Finally, after checking it, he decided to check out what his ascension path had brought.

"Blood Demon Transformation… hmm I will try that later, first let's test some basic skills." He mumbled, thankfully there was a guinea pig right there.

[Blood Burst!]

BOOOM

[Blood Claw!]

CRACK

"Oh this is fun, and there are so many possibilities!"

[Blood Surge!]

GURGLE-BURST

[Blood Storm!]

SPATTER-WHIRL

[Blood Harden!]

CRUNCH-FREEZE

"Let's try corroding it from inside, all its organs, everything!" Vritra mumbled as strange patterns lit up over his back and arms, and blood red fog poured out.

[Blood Corrode!]

FIZZ-MELT

"Alright, time to land little birdie." The bird was shaking around crazily, screaming and trembling.

[Blood Puppet!]

TWITCH-JERK

Soon after the bird started to go still, Vritra looked up as energy shot out of his body, creating a violent explosion.

He was yet to test out the most powerful skill, and had much more possibilities now.

It was like he had become blood itself, could sense every single drop of blood around himself and inside his body.

He could sense the humans and mutants not far away, could kill them with a thought.

Sensing the growth in his strength he decided to move out first.

[Blood Burst!] [Blood Burst!]

BOOOM BOOOM

He breathed in the cool air as blood began to drop from his body, revealing his handsome face and a perfect physique.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +9,849}

{Sin Points: 1,01,348}

'I have reached over a hundred thousand, not bad. It should give me plenty of attribute points, but I also need powerful weapons.' Vritra had even dropped his spear back there.

Finally his gaze moved towards the humans and mutants, staring at him in bewilderment.

They were shocked that he managed to singlehandedly kill such a powerful mutant, if it was a fair fight even the current Vritra might have had some trouble.

But the bird had shown its own weakness.

'I should find mom, Yasmine and the others, they should be worried.' Vritra thought as he put on clothes, blood floating away from his body.

Finally, he started walking, he looked at the mutants and instantly their bodies exploded in a mist of blood.

'M- Monster…' all of them had the same thought, their bodies stuck to the ground.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios