Chapter 523 The Sacrificial Groom

"Art Yates will be marrying my sister, Teresa Ford!!" Shen announced in a loud voice, and instantly silence descended upon the whole place.

Instantly, thousands of gazes full of pity fell over Vritra, and after a few silent seconds, the whole place was full of murmurs.

"That handsome guy is going to marry the witch? Haa poor guy, I guess he is being sacrificed by his family for personal gains."

"Sigh I have even heard she is as ugly as the word could possibly represent, so fragile that she is locked in a room, not allowing anyone near her, fearing that even a touch might kill her."

"Not only that, I heard she is full of physical defects, anyone who stays near her will continue to suffer and even die the most gruesome deaths."

"Tsk tsk I can't believe such a lovely guy would be sacrificed and here I was ready to leave behind my husband and marry him." A woman muttered in disappointment.

'What the hell is going on? I am going to marry Rich and Tiny's aunt?' Vritra was truly surprised by this piece of news.

From the time he had heard about this marriage pact, he thought it was supposed to be the girl named Tiny.

He possessed some knowledge about the Ford family.

Sir Giant's son and daughter in law had died.

But by that time they already had three children, Shen was the oldest while Darius and his sister were born at the same time.

Darius died without ever having married, though Shen married and had two kids, Rich and Tiny.

And the sister remained unmarried, Vritra hadn't really paid her any attention before.

Like many people were mentioning here, there were a lot of rumours spreading about her.

"Hahaha are we getting a new family member? A witch this time?" Yasmine laughed, floating around Vritra.

No one could sense her presence at all.

'Not really, anyway you know anything about her?' Vritra asked, he was sure his wifey was bound to be more knowledgeable than all the people gossiping there.

"Yeah I did hear she was born blind, was really kept locked in a room where no one was allowed to approach her.

Honestly, the Fords have kept most information about her hidden, the rumours you are hearing are probably spread by them which became more absurd the more mouths they crossed."

Yasmine replied, getting serious, she can't allow any harm to fall over her husband after all.

'I see, well whatever might be the case, that giant guy is safe only until I have found the information I need.

Then I will make him feel far worse torment, that helplessness where he is powerless and couldn't protect even the ones he loves.' Vritra thought, masking his anger with an emotionless expression.

"COUGH I can hear you all, please stay quiet!" Shen spoke with suppressed anger.

He hated when people bad mouthed his sister, they did spread a few rumours like her being fragile and bringing bad luck to others just to protect her.

But most of the rumours were born out of nowhere.

"Anyway, because of some unforeseen event, my sister can't come here right now. But I would like to invite my future brother in law, and properly introduce him to you all."

The monarch said while looking towards Vritra.

"Art, go ahead, don't worry. We are all here for you, a and I doubt she is as bad as the rumours make her seem." Ava patted his shoulder, but there was nothing she could do about this.

If the marriage didn't proceed then the entire family would face the god's wrath and most probably all of them would die.

'Well let's just get it over with.' Vritra rolled his eyes and got to his feet.

For a moment, his gaze met with Sir Giant and he barely stopped himself from attacking the old guy, chanting Yennefer's name to keep his calm.

He walked over to the high platform and climbed, stopping beside Shen and facing the large crowd.

"Art Yates, I am happy to turn the friendship between our families into such a close bond. I hope you can take good care of my sister, you see, she is a bit fragile as you already heard." Shen spoke.

Then he added in a low voice that only the two could hear:

"I know you are probably forced into this marriage for your family's sake, but you better not take that anger on my sister, I can accept anything but even a single tear in her eyes. Sigh she is too kind for this world…"

"Oh is that a threat?" Vritra couldn't care less about the woman in question or the marriage itself, but he just didn't like getting threatened by someone so weaker than him.

"Only if you do plan to hurt my sister, physically or mentally, that is. Otherwise we will just be a big happy family. So do you plan to hurt her?" Shen asked, a small smile on his face.

"I don't really hurt women" Vritra was speaking, when he heard his wifey's voice.

"Ouch I still feel sore." She spoke, rubbing her butt. On her milky cheeks, there were clear handprints left by him.

'That's… different.'

"Hmm what about Karen? Hehe I did see you slap her while we were travelling to the White Kingdom." She added.

Sigh…

Vritra knew there was no point quarrelling with his naughty wife.

"I don't hurt women, unless! Unless they go out of their way to annoy me." Vritra completed his sentence.

"I guess that's fine, my sister isn't like any woman you have met in your life. But before the marriage, there are a few things you have to keep in mind."

Shen didn't feel that Vritra was the sort of guy who would really hurt his sister.

And he was a good judge of characters.

"And what are those things?" Vritra asked lazily, still hoping to just be done with all this bullshit.

All the people in the crowd were watching them, wondering what the two were talking about.

"I think Monarch Ford is threatening Art, poor guy is definitely getting forced to do this. Sigh I wish I could save him somehow."

"Is Teresa Ford really that bad?" someone questioned and instantly became the centre of attention.

"Bad is an understatement, that witch is the worst of the worst, a cursed woman. One should stay as far away from her as possible, why do you think she was locked away by her family for?"

"The previous human emperor, Darius, was her brother, both born at the same time. And I heard Darius almost died right at birth."

Ignoring the trash talk about Teresa, Shen gritted his teeth and spoke:

"You are never allowed to touch her, or even be within a few meters of her, she is so fragile that a single touch might kill her…" Shen began to speak, putting so many restrictions that several books could be filled.

It was all, you can't do this, you can't do that.

It really didn't seem like a marriage, more like he was signing himself off as a slave.

And the most this marriage would offer him was getting to see his so called wife from distance.

❖❖❖