Chapter 617 The Battle Continues [R-18]

Yennefer had used her elemental ability to suddenly turn the warmth of her mouth into cold.

Her tongue and the inner cheeks felt so cold; even her saliva was cool. This sent waves of pleasure through his body.

"Mhmmm~" Loving his reaction, the empress doubled down on her efforts.

Her tongue, soft and cold, rubbed against his glans and she poked under the head, then licking the tip.

SLURP

Closing her eyes, she enjoyed the sweet taste, sucking harder to pull out more precum.

Feeling the cool sensation against his glans, Vritra almost felt like cumming instantly; this was way too erotic.

Vanessa once again claimed his lips as their tongues entangled once again in a sweet steamy battle.

Behind him, Diana began to kiss his neck, sucking and biting his skin, her hands roaming all over his back and chest.

Yasmine and Fiona, both the redheads, couldn't really find any place to join.

So the dragoness began to explain things to her younger sister, telling her more about the blowjob, kiss, and more.

Fiona glanced at Teresa; she still didn't like her much. Although she didn't show it externally, she never really even talked to her.

She just stared as the three or four women covered Vritra from all sides; the sight was making her feel horny.

She could feel a warmth spreading in her lower body as she rubbed her thighs together.

For a moment, her eyes met Vritra's and she seemed to understand what he was saying.

So she moved to his left and settled softly near him as instantly his left hand moved.

"Ahhhh~" A moan escaped from her lips as his fingers gently caressed her sensitive petals; she held his arm and closed her thighs.

Locking his hand against her vagina.

After rubbing the outer labia for a minute, he softly moved his middle and ring finger between her vertical lips.

Fiona shivered as his finger moved into her pussy; warm clear essence instantly began to seep out of her body.

His fingers rubbed against the uneven folds, pressing and scratching against her walls.

Now, only Yasmine was the one who wasn't able to join.

But it didn't matter; she was sure, with her endurance she would be the one to last the longest.

She was in no hurry and allowed them to enjoy.

Yennefer continued with her hot-cold sucking, giving extreme pleasure to his penis as she experimented.

Vanessa kissed him passionately for a while longer as their lips separated; a thick long line of saliva stretched between their mouths.

She looked at her son with a wistful look before leaning down and kissing his chest, licking over his delicious skin.

After teasing all over, she held one of her breasts and pressed her hard pink nipple against his lips.

Vritra latched onto her nipple and with a slight suckle, a strong jet of warm milk struck his tongue.

SLURP SLURP

GULP

He began to suck consistently, his cheeks hollowing out slightly as he sucked harder, drawing more of his mother's milk.

"Anngggg~ Hnnnn~ Yes honey, drink all mommy's milk Mmmmph~ empty them haaaa" Vanessa moaned while whispering erotic words.

Teresa heard them and her face turned bright; she didn't know where exactly to look. The whole scene was just so… erotic.

Could she also do that? Just imagining it made her feel shy but also a strange sensation began to spread in her nether region.

Before long, Yennefer felt his cock twitch in her mouth as her cold tongue poked at the tip.

Instantly she pushed forward, taking his penis deeper in her mouth as her throat tightened around the head.

She almost gagged but held on, and then waves of semen shot out directly in her throat.

SPURT

GULP GULP

Yennefer drank with delight and hurry, savoring the taste, her tongue swimming in the flood of his thick and hot semen.

'So delicious, I need more…' With a drunk look, Yennefer continued to drink, gulping it with urgency.

Without leaking a drop, she gulped everything. Then pulling back slightly, she licked the tip and sucked at the tiny hole.

SLURP SLURP

GULP

Yennefer pulled out all the remaining semen and finally pulled her mouth back as she licked her lips.

"Haa GULP That was fantastic!" She sat up and positioned his already hard member over her wet vagina, rubbing the tip against her entrance.

THUMP

And with a strong push, she took his large member all the way inside; his cock stretching her insides.

This was a brand new body, so it seemed even her hymen was intact.

"Hnngggg~" A very loud moan instantly reverberated through her body; she didn't expect it to feel so strong.

Slight pain was mixed with pleasure; her voluptuous body shivered, and she couldn't move for a few moments.

But after just a few moments, Yennefer chased that strong feeling; her body bouncing over his cock.

Each thrust poking deep inside her, piercing right through the entrance of her womb.

Teresa was even more surprised now to see the wild sex; she was going so hard at it, her lower mouth devouring his cock.

'Such a big thing really went all inside her body?' Teresa stared in amazement; Vritra and Yennefer had really become one.

As Vritra fingered Fiona, it wasn't long before she orgasmed and fell back, panting.

She glanced at the empress, surprised at the intensity. But she had been away from Vritra for so long, so it made sense.

The loud sound of body hitting body and the empress's moans completely drowned all other sounds.

Vritra had already emptied one of Vanessa's breasts; he bit lightly and pulled back.

The nipple was slightly swollen, covered by his saliva.

Vanessa instantly presented him with her other nipple; she really enjoyed the feeling of him sucking at her nipples.

It felt especially good that her son was drinking her milk; her bodily fluid was filling up her son's body.

Her fingers combed through his hair as she hugged his head; his tongue and teeth constantly moving over her nipple.

His lips squeezed around her areola as waves of hot sweet breast milk flooded his mouth.

Maeve finally seemed to have enough as she pulled her fangs out, licking his skin.

Only now she came back to her senses and looked in surprise at the empress, and felt horny seeing the sexy display.

Yennefer's soft hips were hitting his thighs; her pussy tightly gripped his cock. She twisted and moved her waist.

Letting the cock rub and poke the areas that felt especially good and itchy; the feeling was wonderful.

Since it was almost like a first time for her, the empress couldn't last long and her fleshy pussy walls suddenly constricted.

SQUIRT

"Hnnnggggg~ Mmmmph~" She moaned, her eyes rolled back as her hot juices flooded out, splashing over his belly and thighs.

Vritra wrapped one of his arms around her body, stopping her from falling backwards.

As her orgasm ended, Yennefer rested for a few moments, keeping his cock nestled deep inside and once again started moving.

She experienced a couple more orgasms before finally Vritra reached his peak.

She pushed down, taking the head of his penis into her womb and hugged him.

SPURT SPURT

And then hot sticky semen burst out, filling up her womb as the empress climaxed again, moaning loudly.

"It's so h-hot Ahhhhh~ Husband, f-fill me up, give me your b-baby hnnggg~"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...