Chapter 561 The Bubble

Almost all of Vritra's skills were activated.

He shifted all the stats to strength, not caring about defense even as his head was full of pain.

Yet the bubble seemed to be stuck, burning out his mana, Vritra started to make the surroundings explode.

The cracks expanded and the passage started to shake, it really seemed everything was about to collapse.

And finally the opposing force disappeared, the bubble came free.

Wasting no time, Vritra rushed back, the flow of time was still moving back and forth.

BOOOOOOM!!

With a loud explosion in the sky, his body shot through into the distance, traveling hundreds of kilometers away from the continent.

BANG

Vritra collided into the ground, creating an enormous crater as he skidded for several more kilometers and only came to a halt after traveling very far.

His body and mind were both aching so badly, with difficulty he opened his eyes and saw the bubble in his grasp.

Yasmine was inside the bubble, unconscious, but completely fine.

This bubble seemed to be the cause of stopping Vritra from sensing her presence, and it was rather sturdy.

Breaking it wouldn't be hard but he didn't have that kind of time right now, his priority was to secure his wife.

Directly, he sent her into the divine realm and jumped away.

BOOOOOOM

A moment after, a figure fell at the exact same spot, increasing the size of the crater as an explosion made the surroundings tremble.

"Oh, a demi god? I didn't expect this planet to have one… were you created by those evil cults?

The last time I checked, they had failed because of that fist… charged fist or whatever guy." From the dust, a heavy voice sounded.

Vritra floated in the air, looking down at the new threat solemnly. He could sense whoever it was, this creature was stronger than him.

"Not too talkative, I see. You are just a level 1 demi god but that's quite impressive for a planet like this." The creature floated up as his figure finally became clear.

"And you are?" Vritra finally spoke, crossing his arms over his chest.

"Just a random demi god someone hired to take that woman away. Hmm, the game trials will be happening soon." Drino looked around and then added:

"With your strength, you should have no problem passing the trials at least. So why don't you just hand her over, and I could be on my way?"

Honestly, Drino was quite annoyed. He had completed this mission without any trouble, it was actually a bit too easy to get the god's favor.

But right at the end, when he was just on his way back, someone managed to snatch his prey.

He was so close to completing his mission, just a few moments and he would have been back.

But at the last moment, this person came and almost destroyed the passage, so Drino had no choice but to let go of the bubble.

Drino really wanted to kill Vritra right there and then, but fighting there would increase the planet's pressure on him.

If he stayed too late there then he would be forever locked there.

"That's not happening, why don't you go back and tell those fuckers to come themselves." Vritra's eyes were burning with hatred, glowing red.

Though his body had returned to normal after suffering so much, he would have taken down Drino along with himself had he continued trying to make the passage explode.

"Tch. And here I thought this would be easy." Drino shook his head, then he pulled out a strange looking weapon.

It was over five feet long and covered with scales, heavy and pointy all over.

"I am a level 3 demi god, are you sure you want to fight against me? You have no chance." Drino said confidently.

Between each level, there is a huge difference.

Even with all his skills, Vritra's strength was not comparable to Drino's. Maybe with Titan's Fall he might have a chance at winning.

But the cost was just too high, everything including Vritra would be destroyed.

"We can't know unless we try." Two long blades appeared in his hands as goop transformed.

No matter what, he wasn't going to give up.

"Sigh, if that's what you wish…" Shaking his head, Drino suddenly disappeared.

"Forbid: Speed-"

[Forbidden Activated!]

BOOOOM!

Just as the skill activated, a heavy strike landed over his back, shooting Vritra's body back toward the ground.

But Vritra's condition was actually getting better as the pain in his head started to dissipate, his physical injuries healed within moments.

And now with his high comprehension of Null, he could manipulate time and space he didn't think were possible before.

Before his body touched the grass, Vritra teleported away.

The space started to buzz all around Drino, after a moment, he popped to his right and kicked the strange creature's wrist.

BOOOOOOM!

"You damned lizard!" That strike alone consumed nearly a quarter of Vritra's energy reserves.

Exhausting so much mana, the strike was just as deadly, as the sky got covered by destructive flames.

But it barely made Drino's wrist jerk, but that was enough for Vritra to continue.

The T rex like demi god was too proud and didn't take Vritra seriously at all, otherwise Vritra stood no chance.

Still, this moment of carelessness didn't give Vritra any advantage, but he was at least able to get something.

Drino was about to launch his second attack when he noticed the blackish material that had covered his weapon in that moment.

"Noo-" This was his favored weapon and he knew perfectly well what Vritra must be planning.

"DEVOUR!" With a shout, goop ate Drino's weapon, making the big heavy thing disappear in an instant.

Not wasting a moment, Vritra teleported away, letting goop digest it.

Several messages popped before him, but he ignored them.

"Hmm. Good weapon, its rank… is pretty high." Vritra exclaimed, he hadn't expected much from that.

But it was actually at the Demi God rank, the weapons followed ranks similar to all other creatures.

After swallowing it, Goop's abilities got stronger by a big margin.

"You damned bug, how dare you steal it!!" Drino moved extremely fast, Vritra didn't even have the chance to notice the change.

BOOOOOM!!

Again his body got thrown away, and this was mere physical strength, the difference in power was just too huge.

COUGH

Vritra almost coughed out blood, his body landing heavily on the ground.

Escaping or hiding wasn't an option, but he also knew defeating that thing was impossible for the current him.

'What can I do? What can I do?'

Was trying to survive against this lizard demi god until he was suppressed enough by the planet's rules his only option?

Vritra didn't even have time to think, even with mastery over space and time, he somehow couldn't do much.

Forbidden, shift, null, Vritra was trying everything, but Drino's strength only seemed to be increasing.

All scales on Drino's body started to shine, his body becoming slimmer and more agile.

Terrifying energy started to swirl around his body, then he surrounded the whole area with his demi god's domain.

As suddenly, heavy pressure descended over Vritra, each strike started to become fatal.

Goop and Atomic too couldn't do much, his defenses started to break as Vritra was forced into a defensive position.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...