Chapter 367: The Deadly Punishment

Fiona and Diana were able to enter the continent rather easily.

If people didn’t have a high identity, then they would have to pay a big fee for entering—that was why a lot of people couldn’t enter the continent.

Though that amount was nothing for the two ladies, after paying, they were allowed inside.

Diana’s control over the Misty Halo had become a lot better. Though it can’t compare to a mythic halo, it was still quite strong.

After entering the city Ghazi, the two first explored the streets of the new place, seeing all sorts of new and amazing things.

They even did some shopping, buying clothes for everyone that matched the place.

"But why did you want to visit the temple out of nowhere?"

Fiona asked, holding a gift box that she purchased for Vritra. She really wanted to go back and give it to him.

"Follow along, you will know soon." Diana said, then she added:

"Your comprehension is coming along quite nicely, but if you truly want to look for great opportunities then you should visit the south part of the continent. That region is completely occupied by the Phoenix race."

"Oh, humans and phoenix have such a good relation? I obtained that inheritance, won’t it cause some sort of problem?" she asked. Fiona knew how greedy people could be, whether humans or anyone else.

"Yeah, revealing your inheritance might not be a good idea. There are four emperors of the three races, the phoenix race had been in conflict ever since its previous ruler died and so it has two emperors. Going there would be dangerous and beneficial at the same time."

While talking, they walked towards the big temple. The big white building was visible from a long distance.

The two maintained their ordinary appearances and even wore veils. It was only around two in the afternoon, so the streets were bustling with crowd.

Arriving at the temple, the two walked inside. Diana removed the illusion and headed straight to the pope who was busy giving advice to people.

"I am Diana, the Goddess from the Topaz continent." She announced directly, making everyone around fall silent for a few seconds.

Even though Diana was not a true god, her authority was quite high.

’Hmm, what was the point of hiding our identities when she was going to reveal it like this?’ Fiona thought.

"G- Goddess, thank you for rewarding us with your presence." The pope and others instantly knelt down; that ethereal aura was proof enough.

Diana smiled faintly under the veil, then she ordered: "I need you to gather a few things for me, get it done as soon as possible."

"Yes, goddess!!" Pope nodded hurriedly.

Fiona was quite surprised. Wasn’t Diana just a no-name goddess from a small kingdom? How could she be so... cool?

"Hehe, now I can finally do some serious experiments, I have a lot of ideas. Anyway, you must be confused let me explain it to you." Diana said, upon seeing the surprised Fiona.

Soon, materials worth a large fortune were brought to Diana, and even a big residence was provided to the two. They sent Vritra the messages through the soul wraiths.

***

Vritra felt better after getting messages from Fiona and Diana. Even his mother was fine and going to a new place.

It looked like trouble was nowhere near them.

He was brought out of his thoughts by the loud shout of Prince Griffith, as hundreds upon hundreds of sin points rained down.

Just then, with a loud bang, the door to the hall opened, and a figure wearing a beautiful red dress came into sight.

Even Griffith became silent upon seeing the empress, her presence as heavy and dangerous as ever.

Yennefer scanned the hall, and her eyes soon focused on the guy with his eyes covered. She had sensed right; he was really here.

After seeing that message in the sky about Vritra, Yennefer had stayed close to the palace, completely sure that he was going to arrive there.

Her eyes were full of excitement upon seeing him again. She almost ran to embrace him, but after just a glance, Vritra just turned his head away, ignoring her.

Yennefer composed herself, then she walked forward, an elegant air surrounding her sensual body.

All the people stood up in respect, not daring to look straight at her, wondering why the deadly empress would appear there suddenly.

Narrowing her eyes at Griffith, she muttered: "Scram."

"Ah Y- Yes, empress." All anger disappeared as Griffith hastily moved away from the two thrones that were placed at least two meters apart.

Yennefer knew she can’t show affection in public or it would only put Vritra in danger, so she acted nonchalant and sat on the other throne.

"What’s going on here?" she asked, her gaze fixed on Vritra, but he wouldn’t even look at her.

She knew it was her fault for just leaving like that the last time; it clearly showed her priorities, so she knew why Vritra would be upset with her.

"T- Those bastards, they destroyed the newly built city, almost killed... a- and even cursed me just now. They all deserve to die instantly the worst possible deaths, especially those two." Griffith said angrily but had to be respectful in Yennefer’s presence.

"What do you have to say?" Yennefer asked, hating the feeling of getting ignored by him.

"..." Vritra said nothing. He looked to the side and saw a beautiful advisor standing nervously.

"Hello there, I am Eren. What’s a gorgeous lady like you doing in a boring place like this?" he asked, taking her soft hand. His figure flashed beside her all of a sudden.

"Uh... T- Thank you." She answered as her cheeks flushed, now getting a proper look at his face. Vritra still looked extremely handsome.

The lady felt her heart flutter at the praise and his gesture of brushing her hair behind her ear gently.

CRACK

A loud sound made everyone in the hall jump in fear. They looked towards the empress and saw that the armrest had been crushed by the empress.

A strong feeling of jealousy pricked her heart like a needle. Despite knowing he was doing this to anger her, she didn’t like seeing this.

"Ignore her, tell me more about yourself. Are you single?" Vritra asked, making her sit over her seat.

"U- Uhm... Y- Yes I am." She replied, looking even more shy, liking Vritra’s personality more and more.

"Tsk These criminals need to be punished." Yennefer felt as if something uncomfortable was crawling under her skin, she couldn’t hold back any longer as she added,

"Do whatever you want with that Baldy and beggar, I am going to punish this one myself." After saying this, her figure appeared right beside Vritra.

Without saying a word, she held his hand and rushed towards her house present close to the hall.

’M- My sister-in-law cares so much about me?!!’

Griffith was shocked, utterly bewildered. If she was the one who was going to punish Vritra, then his fate was the most pitiful.

After the two arrived in her temporary house, Vritra returned to his original appearance as he asked with a fake smile: "What’s the matter empress? Are you-"

But before he could say anything, the empress pushed him against the wall making a loud noise, pressing her soft moist lips against his in a violent manner.

BANG

’Kekeke the punishment has begun!!’ Griffith gloated.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...