Chapter 517 The Council

"Who are you? How did you get inside?" The old guy stood proudly with the guards, his heart bleeding as he saw his house gone.

He had spent so much to create it, even the walls were made of the best and most expensive material, and all of it was gone.

"Wifey, time for you to take over." Vritra said, as Yasmine finally turned around.

"W- What? Y- You are… Yasmine?!! How are you still alive? Wait, is she a fake?" The old guy showed various emotions, it seemed he didn't even want to believe that she was still alive and back.

"Oh, you think I am fake?" Yasmine's aura started glowing, a deadly pressure descended upon all the ones around her.

The guards instantly knelt down, even their heads pressed against the ground, while after trying to resist, the old guy also fell to his knees.

It wasn't just the pressure from her strength; it was the command of their empress.

Yasmine had always been their true ruler. Dago was put in that place but he was never truly one.

'She is real, the empress is really back!!' There was no longer any doubt about it now.

Vritra just stood beside her with his arms crossed, enjoying seeing her fierce side.

For now, he was just her bodyguard.

"Now go and inform the council members about the meeting. Tell them to be present in the council hall in ten minutes. Anyone missing will be punished severely." Yasmine said as the pressure disappeared.

"Y- Yes empress, I will do that immediately." The old guy nodded and hurried away.

The guards were all frozen in fear, they didn't dare stand even after the pressure disappeared.

"G- Greetings empress." They all said together.

"Leave." Yasmine turned to look at Vritra, then the two headed towards the council hall.

"Good job, wifey." Vritra patted her head when the two were out of everyone's sight, and the dragoness snuggled into his arms.

"Hehe we need to put some fear in them or they will try to suppress me." Yasmine replied, as the two entered the council hall which was not far away.

While chatting, the two waited, and before ten minutes, the hurried footsteps of several men sounded.

Yasmine got off his lap and sat on another seat, clearing her throat as her face became expressionless.

And then, exactly thirty men rushed into the council hall. First they looked at Yasmine.

It seemed none of them could still believe she was back. After seeing her, they took their seats.

Yasmine waited until exactly ten minutes were over, then she looked at the members and questioned:

"Where are the rest two members?"

"U- Uhm Empress, I tried calling them but it seems they are busy with some other work, so they didn't have the time to come here." The same bald old guy from before said.

"I see, so they are busy with important stuff huh." Yasmine nodded, then she glanced at Vritra.

"Can you—"

"I see, so they are busy with important stuff huh." Yasmine nodded, then she glanced at Vritra.

"Can you—"

But Vritra spoke before she could finish. "Of course my Queen, it is my pleasure."

In the next instant, under the gazes of all thirty men and a few more guards who were standing outside the door, Vritra disappeared.

"Who was he? I don't remember seeing him ever before."

"Did he use teleportation? But his strength didn't seem all that high, is he even at the general rank yet?"

"Forget him, is she really even the empress? Wasn't she killed by the god's punishment all those years ago? How is she still alive?"

"Yeah, what if this is a scheme by the demons, you go and ask her."

"H- Huh? Why would I? You do it yourself."

The members whispered among themselves, looking doubtfully at Yasmine.

Only ten seconds had passed when a loud crunching sound rang out near the entrance of the room.

They all turned and saw Vritra standing with the two members of the council lying mangled on the floor.

Both their arms were broken.

"How dare you!! Who gave you the permission to hurt a council member, guards arrest this criminal right away!" One of the men stood up and shouted.

But all of them were internally shocked at Vritra's prowess. How did he subdue two powerful dragons within moments and even drag them here?

Even breaking their arms. Their physique was supposed to be their speciality.

"Ughhh what's going on?"

"Ahhh my arms, haa wasn't I just eating breakfast?"

The two men didn't even know what had happened.

"…" Without saying anything, Vritra returned to his seat and sat down.

"Get to your seats right this moment. The next time anyone disturbs me, they will be killed." Yasmine's chilly voice sent shivers down their bodies.

All the members sat silently, even the two quickly took seats.

Though there were also a few among these members who weren't useless fools and actually cared about the good of their kingdom and race.

"I am Yasmine Firehart, your empress. I know you have doubts about me, but I don't care. If you have a problem then you are allowed to challenge me to a life death fight. Anyone has any questions?" After speaking she looked around.

"…" But none dared to speak. It was definitely her. She had always suppressed the council with her strength.

"Good. Now that all of you believe me, let me introduce you all to someone special. He is my husband, Vritra." She announced, as all of them gasped in surprise.

They were still confused and baffled by her return out of nowhere, and now this.

But they had heard that name somewhere before…

"Oh right, wasn't that demon also called Vritra? But he was killed so the two couldn't be the same person." Someone muttered.

Yasmine didn't explain further. She continued: "If you are wondering where Dago is, then stop worrying, he is already dead."

Another wave of shock passed at this news. It seemed Yasmine planned to give them all a heart attack.

"Empress, shouldn't we wait for the council head to return?" One of the men said calmly.

The council head and the thirty third member was none other than Dago's father, which was why he even became the emperor.

"Yes, he is already on his way back. Council head should be back soon." Another added.

"There is no need for that. You can inform him of all the changes. Anyway, firstly, announce it to the kingdom and the world that I am back. Secondly…" Yasmine started giving one order after another.

And the council members weren't really happy with most of her decisions.

If all of them attacked her at once, they most probably could defeat her, but they stayed seated because of her husband's presence.

Previously it was because of a treasure she possessed, but it was already used, which was why her weakened soul even managed to escape against the god's punishment.

As Yasmine continued to order the members, they heard a distant sound of lightning thundering and a wild roar.

It seemed Dago's father was back and he somehow already knew about his son's death.

Someone was probably channelling the sound of this place to him or using some other method.

Now the council members had to make a choice. Either join the council head and fight against Yasmine…

Or submit to her and be her high ranked slaves until their death.

The choice was pretty simple actually.

❖❖❖