Chapter 675 Speedster

The leader was crying out in pain and enjoying eating meat at the same time, it was a very strange scene.

Yasmine and the others just turned their gazes away, but the painful wails sure were satisfying.

Vritra looked around, he was here to slaughter the human scum but only found one.

What a pity, truly.

All the sin points were just gone, all because of this cannibal pig.

He waited until the pig had eaten most of his own body and finally made his head explode.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +2,924}

'Hmm not bad I guess, looks like he was close to ascension.'

He scanned the place and found no one else alive, not even the victims, they had all already been killed.

The group sighed collectively, all these poor people were suffering for no reason.

'Divine mentioned the gods are only controlling the games, it is put to enjoy for higher beings, looks like they are even shittier.' Vritra thought.

"Heh right, they are such evil people, if you were to ever meet one don't hesitate and attack." Just then Divine's voice sounded, from the tone it was obvious he was joking.

Ignoring him, Vritra turned and walked out.

He glanced at his status panel, upgraded after killing many mutants on their way here.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 164.3)

(Agility: 172.9)

(Endurance: 167.1)

(Spiritual: 213.2)

{Free Attribute: 16}

』

{Sin Points: 63,350}

"Shall I draw rewards again?" he wondered and decided to do it.

Even if he used 1,000-point draws, he would still get 63 rewards.

"Draw 1,000 sin point rewards, use everything." He spoke, as the ethereal wheel began to spin before him rapidly.

[You have obtained 5,000 barrels of Diesel.]

[You have obtained 10,000 packets of instant noodles.]

[You have obtained 4 Agility attribute points.]

…

Instantly dozens of messages popped before him, as the items got stored into his inventory.

Again there were a few weapons, many attribute points, food and more.

He quickly scanned the list to look if he got any and indeed there was one.

[You have obtained a Shadow Soul Ascension Path!]

"This is for Foxie, hmm I guess I could get ascension paths for everyone with more draws." Vritra then turned to Maeve and gave her the stone.

"We are all very close to ascending." Maeve said, their mutation progress was very close to 100%.

"Hmm, looks like we have to get more ascension paths and find a place for you all to-"

CRACK CRACK

Just then they all heard a cracking sound from the sky, all gazes moved up, as a figure in black stepped out.

'That's… the protector of the World Bank?!' Vritra somewhat recognized those guys, he had briefly seen them before.

'Don't tell me they can use all their strength while we here can't.'

Those people had managed to fool the gods or maybe made some deal, and managed to break into the game.

"Yeah, although they can't go all out but with your current strength, killing them would be impossible." Divine said, he felt quite nice having fought after a very long time.

Maeve moved with haste as the shadows devoured them all, hiding them away.

The protector in the sky looked around, his gaze moving over the base of Blood Fang.

After a few minutes of shrivelling he flew away.

"Sigh the difficulty just keeps rising, let's quickly head to the… hmm Rankers organization." Vritra said.

That wasn't an evil organization but from the information they possessed some mine and had recently found an Ascension Path.

The cart moved away quickly, as the group stayed careful to not be seen.

A few minutes later, as they were crossing a long street, a whip suddenly appeared out of nowhere and hit Shitless in the chest.

BANG

His metallic body was thrown back as a loud sound reverberated, then a mutant was revealed.

It was a zombie with arms several metres long and a very thin body.

"This thing has ascended!" Vritra was a bit surprised, as it didn't seem special.

But as the zombie moved, even Vritra was shocked by its speed, it had turned into a blur.

WHOOSH

Teresa tried to trap it into a room but moving very quickly, it launched an attack straight at her.

BOOM

Using the explosive power, Yasmine blasted the tentacle-like arms away, before launching Spiritual Burst.

They all knew this thing was powerful, with speed being its greatest advantage.

Vritra took out the spear, and tried to use Blood Manipulation only to find there was absolutely no blood in that body.

Not even bones!

Only he could somewhat match that speed, but landing an attack successfully seemed nearly impossible.

He used the boots but now they didn't increase his speed by that much, there seemed to be some cap to their ability.

'No wonder it grew so powerful, its speed is terrifying. And it had to come at the moment when I wanted to pass by quietly sigh.'

BANG BANG

Loud sounds rang out, as Vritra used the spear to dodge the attacks.

It was smart enough to keep targeting the other people, but every time the spear would parry.

[Spiritual Burst!!]

Thankfully, this thing still had a brain, and the shockwave hit it like a running train.

Its quickly moving body lost balance and smashed into the wall.

Vritra moved at full speed, as he stabbed the spear, aiming for the head of the creature.

KRRRRRRRR

But at the last moment, it twisted and blocked the attack with its arm.

SWISH

Still the spear that could cut through anything managed to cleanly cut off the arm, right from the shoulder.

The zombie glared at Vritra before running away, there was not much Vritra could do without creating too much ruckus.

And running behind it was pointless.

'Sigh I really can't calm down, these mutants are growing very quickly. We have to speed up more.'

"Let's continue." Vritra jumped onto the blood cart, and it began to move forward.

Ming and Ergen were pointing directions, but many things had changed since they were here last.

They faced many mutants on their way, thankfully the protector seemed to have already left the area.

"Is Rankers stronger than your group?" Vritra asked, as he heard the distant sound of fighting.

It seemed they weren't the only ones who had this idea of taking the Rankers' treasures.

"More or less, the leader was a bit stronger than Glass, but I don't think you will have any problem." Ming answered.

He was happy to have finally broken things off with that whore of a wife.

'That fire mine yesterday has greatly increased my fire affinity and power, I wonder what mine there will be here.'

Vritra was yet to test the fire ability.

But Yasmine had used it earlier, and it was very powerful.

Killing a few more mutants, they finally arrived outside a tall building which was protected by walls made of grass.

Two groups were attacking the Rankers organization at once, each had over thirty members.

They had arrived in the midst of an interesting battle, and it looked the Rankers might not last long.

"Shall we get involved as well?"

The cart came to a stop behind the two groups and their presence made the battle halt, as everyone turned to look at them.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...