Chapter 406: Acceptance

Xi and her underlings looked around and soon saw their Queen sitting on the lap of a man. The group was shocked at first.

Then anger flashed in Xi’s eyes as she shouted: "You beast, how dare you put your dirty hands on our Queen’s body! Get away from her now."

For a moment Vritra remained confused but then understanding flashed through his eyes.

His face turned expressionless as he observed the newly arrived group and asked a few questions.

Xi’s strength was just at the General rank while the people behind her were even weaker. Despite their disguise, Vritra could tell they were all demons.

"By your Queen, you are referring to Maeve?"

"Yes!" Xi answered. Since Maeve was still in his hands and who knows what he had done in her time of weakness, Xi didn’t make any rash move.

She was sure Vritra was somehow controlling or blackmailing her. There was no way their queen would sit on the lap of a man on her own accord.

"And it doesn’t seem like you accidentally found our location, did she call for help?" Vritra asked the second question.

Maeve gulped nervously. She had completely forgotten about the help message she had sent while being in the Zihong’s inheritance.

At that time they had just met, so how could she have trusted him? But now there was no need for any of it.

Even if someone forced her to, she wouldn’t leave his side.

"Of course, I can’t even imagine how you must have tortured our Queen. She had sent this message to us herself. In any case, get away from her before we kill you.

If you cooperate, the punishment might be reduced." Xi spoke, ready to launch an attack at any time.

"Ah, is that so? Right, so why don’t you leave already, Maeve?" Maeve spoke, finally glancing at the fox seated on his lap.

It was just as he thought—it wasn’t good to trust any woman.

Though it was good that he had just started to open up to her so it wouldn’t really hurt him as much as with Yennefer.

"W- Wait Master, it’s not like that I was—" Maeve tried to explain but Xi’s shocked voice interrupted her.

"M- Master? Queen, why are you calling him your master? What has he done to you? Forgive us, we weren’t able to come to your rescue fast enough even though you had personally sent us that message just recently."

’Damnit!’ Maeve cursed, wanting to strangle her general. She was just making the situation worse.

Hearing the word recently, Vritra’s expression turned even colder.

"Just! Leave!" he spoke, his brows creasing slightly.

"..." Yasmine sighed seeing this drama, wondering why it is always Vritra. Though this time even she was fooled by the fox’s acting.

No wonder she is considered one of the most cunning demon lords.

"Queen, what’s wrong? Had he tied you with some sort of barrier, pact or something?" Xi asked worriedly.

"SHUT UP!" Maeve first shouted at her stupid general then turned her attention to Vritra.

She tightened her arms around his neck and wouldn’t let go.

"No wait, at least listen to me or I won’t let go even if you cut off my arms." Maeve hugged him with all her strength.

Though she wanted to fly up and give a hard slap to everyone in the group, she felt that if she let go then Vritra would just disappear.

"Are you trying to strangle me now?" Vritra asked. He tried to get himself free but it was impossible without the use of his abilities.

"I had sent that message right after we entered the Zihong inheritance. Why would I need their help to leave otherwise?

I know you must be angry at this misunderstanding but please think calmly, would those fools be of any help to me in my current condition?"

Maeve said in a single breath, worried that Vritra would disappear from her arms.

Hearing her words, Vritra took a deep breath and calmed himself.

There was logic in her words but ever since the incident with Yennefer he had been on edge and for some reason expected her to stab him in the back.

"Right, if I wanted to leave, I would have left long ago. Don’t believe those idiots’ words. I didn’t lie when I said I do love you. Ugh, how do I prove it?" Maeve spoke in frustration, then her gaze moved to the confused demons in the sky.

"..." Vritra remained silent, though his body visibly relaxed. Yennefer’s incident had a big impact on him but it’s not like every woman is the same.

Maeve slowly loosened her arms, making sure that he wouldn’t push her away. Then she gently cupped his cheek and whispered softly:

"Master, I swear over my mother, the only person who cared for me. I really, really love you. If you want I can pretend to be a human for my entire life and stay with you, so please don’t abandon me..."

Then her face moved forward slowly. Seeing that Vritra didn’t reject her, her heart leapt in joy. A shiver ran across her body as her moist lips came into contact with his.

The fiery and soft sensation spread over their lips as the seconds seemed to have turned into hours.

When Maeve pulled back, her face was red and felt like burning. The fox demon seemed a bit shy; the sensation was still present on her lips.

"K- K- K- Kiss?!! Q- Queen? Uwaah W- What’s going on?" Xi’s brain seemed to have short-circuited. She didn’t know what to do or think.

"What the hell are you still doing here? Shoo shoo! Leave right away and don’t appear anywhere near us. I will return to that realm when and if I want.

Also inform those shitty family members of mine, I have chosen the most wonderful man for myself so I won’t be marrying that lump of fat—"

But before she could finish, strange noises sounded from the distance.

OINK OINK

"Ugh, why the fuck did you bring him along?" Maeve really felt like murdering her general now. She would never want to see the face of a pig, a literal pig.

"..." Vritra finally got a hold of his emotions, and finally he felt that he could really trust this demoness. Though their relationship needed more time, he couldn’t deny that he also enjoyed her company.

"Master, let’s hurry, we need to leave." Maeve said hurriedly, trying to leave but Vritra held her in place, as his arms wrapped around her waist.

"Stop, no one can take you away from here. First tell me, who is coming?" He asked. Vritra certainly won’t let anything happen to her now; he had started to accept her.

"Haa..." Maeve let out a long sigh. Feeling his strong arm, she felt protected and relaxed. Leaning onto his chest, she began to explain.

"After my father’s death, our kingdom was nearly at the verge of destruction but thankfully a close friend of his allowed us to escape to a different realm.

But we were still quite weak. You know my brother is Raelion, right?" Maeve paused and asked.

Vritra nodded. He knew some basic information about her by now from Yasmine, of course.

But first he asked: "Your father must be a strong demon lord, right?"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...