Chapter 526 Supporting Wives

Vritra and the others soon arrived in the Yate realm, still shocked by all the events.

After a talk with him, Gunter and Ava left.

Sitting in his room alone, Vritra pondered the future options. Yasmine was finally out of the book of dimension, she kept hugging and clinging to him to get his attention.

"So wifey, joke aside, what do you think about this situation?" he questioned.

"Hmm this is too sudden and strange but I think it would not be bad if you do go through this marriage." Yasmine nodded.

"Huh? Are you drunk…"

Interrupting him, she kissed his lips and muttered: "Why don't we go meet and tell about this to Mom and others? I am sure they would be a great help."

Vritra stared at her strangely for a few moments then nodded, but he just took her suggestion as a joke.

Even though the dragoness had never objected to any of his relations, she wouldn't so actively want to get another woman in his life.

"Let's go." Sighing, he stood up and walked out. First he decided to inform Gunter about this so he doesn't think that he ran away from fear of the marriage.

…

"Huh? You are leaving for a while?" He paused, as if understanding something.

"Sigh I understand, just stay hidden for some time. I will do whatever I can to save as many from our family as possib—"

"Wait, I am not running from the marriage, I will be back soon." Vritra said, stopping the monarch.

"Oh okay, tell me if you need anything. Do you want me to send my protectors along with you?" Gunter asked.

"No, I will be fine on my own." After nodding, he turned and walked away, while Gunter couldn't shake the feeling of guilt from his heart.

'If only I can make this right, and let him marry someone he loves, not because he has to fulfil some long formed pact.' Feeling down, he went back into his room, letting his wife console him.

***

Flying along Yasmine, Vritra sent messages and asked everyone to gather in the City of Charms.

This time, he didn't really enjoy the traveling and quickly arrived in the city.

Fiona, Diana and Maeve too arrived soon.

The five women sat on chairs in front of Vritra, they knew he had something important to tell them.

Though they were already aware about the marriage event with the Ford family.

"What's wrong, honey? You look a little troubled." Vanessa asked, leaning forward and giving a gentle squeeze to his hand.

"Let me explain it to you all." Yasmine decided to break the news, and Vritra allowed her to. After all, she was quite good at handling people and knew how to properly deliver the news so that it wouldn't shock others much—

"Hubby is getting married tomorrow to Teresa Ford." She announced.

Vritra: "…"

All the other four women fell silent, looking between the two in shock.

"Is… that true, darling?" Fiona asked, her eyes already seeming to be full of killing intent.

"Not really, first listen to the whole situation." Vritra then explained everything to them.

"That's fine then honey, you can get married to that girl. You have my support for it." Vanessa was the first to speak.

"Yes dear, it would be nice to have a new sister. We should add a new member in the family every once in a while to keep things light and entertaining." Diana spoke with a faint smile.

"… You can marry her." Fiona spoke, her face not showing any killing intent anymore.

"Yes, I agree to it too." Maeve chimed in.

'What the hell is going on? Are they being sarcastic? They are actually angry right? This has to be an illusion!'

Vritra stood up, doing his best to break the illusion with mental energy but nothing changed.

"See hubby, what did I say? Just marry her." Yasmine added.

"Haa I wasn't here to ask whether I should marry or not to begin with, I was only here to get some sort of plan to find Yenni."

Vritra scratched his head, waiting for any of the women to break the character.

KNOCK KNOCK

Just then, Vritra sensed a familiar presence from outside the door.

"Come in."

Then Onest walked inside, he handed Vritra a glyph and spoke:

"Shitless has gone on some adventure to a nearby temple, he wanted to handle it alone. That temple too belongs to the Golden Moon."

"Okay and what is this for?" Vritra held the communication glyph and waited.

"That monk wanted to tell you something important." Onest answered, appearing just as confused.

Nodding, Vritra inserted some of his mana into the glyph and muttered: "Shitless, are you there?"

"UWAAAAAAH FIRE! I AM FIREEEEEEEE!!"

Suddenly Shitless's screams rang out, after a moment he spoke again:

"Pitiful one, cough I am alright now. Anyway, I approve of the marriage too, go ahead and do— BANG"

There was a loud explosion and then the sound was cut off.

"…"

Vritra now was truly on the verge of going berserk.

Nothing was making sense anymore, why was everyone suddenly wanting him to go through the wedding.

"Wifey, swear to me, this isn't some joke from you right? Even bringing Monk Shitless into it?" Vritra asked seriously, he no longer was in any mood to joke.

Yasmine replied in a solemn tone, clearly not joking: "Hubby, none of it was done by me. When did you think I even got the chance to inform Shitless? I don't understand that guy, anyway I can understand why this all feels strange to you."

'Why were they all suddenly agreeing to it?' Vritra thought. Maybe someone had messed up with their minds.

And only one name came to his mind.

'DIVINE, IS THIS YOUR DOING?!' Vritra called, but didn't receive any reply.

It seemed he really was out of energy.

Vanessa, seeing the confusion in her son's eyes, was the first to speak: "Yes, something strange did happen.

Yesterday, all of us had the same dream, somehow. And aside from you, we saw a woman with long black hair, the memories are vague but we all feel this marriage is important for the both of you."

"What dream? Wifey, you saw it too? Why did none of you tell me about it? And is there a family group or something which I am not a part of?" His confusion only increased, but at least now he knew Divine really had something to do with it.

"Yes, and it isn't any dream or anything. I just thought it was a random dream at first but after talking with Diana and others, I knew there was more to it.

And for some reason, whenever we want to tell you about it, we just forget the dream." The dragoness spoke with a frown.

"Hmm so Divine wants that desperately for me to marry her? What sort of marriage broker is he?

Anyway, I am not going to marry any random woman now." He said firmly, refusing to be pulled along with fate.

All five of the women couldn't really do anything, it was his decision to make after all.

They would support him in whatever he chooses.