Chapter 482: Uncontrolled

As the demon made of flames was destroyed, nothing appeared even after a whole minute had passed.

"Danger Sensed!" Sixty suddenly jumped back, his senses tingling.

With a loud explosive noise, the area hundreds of miles around them was blasted as a blurry figure appeared in the sky.

It was made of radiations completely, but it was still not completely formed.

Then flames covered the invisible figure, then dust, then blood, and continued to absorb different form of matter.

Sixty felt the danger rising exponentially, he instantly sent the message back to others.

Then a human like silhouette, whose body was mess of colours just like the domain wall appeared before them.

Everything was silent, as they all got pressed against the ground, except Sixty.

But even he found it hard to move while his domain cracked before exploding.

"Going full power." Pulling a red crystal from his storage, Sixth devoured it.

This was a miraculous gift from the gods, it would increase their strength to the extreme level possible for some time though they would be left in a state of weakness for several years.

Without any hesitation, he put the crystal in his mouth, gulping it.

COUGH

But just as the crystal was in his throat, the terrifying demon disappeared and clutched his throat, stopping the crystal from going down.

"Ughhh cough" Sixty tried to move, but in the next instant his throat was ripped apart, as the crystal got pulled out.

Vritra threw the flesh and crystal away, which were both instantly got devoured by the Dark Knight whose body just got formed.

Unlike others, the crystal had a completely different effect on the wraith as his body started undergoing a strange transformation.

Dark Knight’s strength kept rising, pattern made of red lines appearing over its body.

Vritra threw Sixty’s body away.

He just took a step forward, and an explosion that could easily wipe out a city of two, swallowed the remaining men in the army.

None of them could survive such powerful attack, as everyone in the army except the lords got killed.

An army of more than a million was slaughtered, disappearing without a trace.

"!!!" Sir Giant stared at the destroyed city in shock, all those who had taken part in this war had faced extreme losses.

And that monster kept growing, now even sixty couldn’t handle him.

The whole continent had finally fallen, all the cities, all the houses, everything was gone.

The land filled with magma and radiation, even in the future no one would be able to live there for a very very long time.

"I- Is he unkillable?" Kryn, the leader of the Grieves felt his heart bleed as every grieve got killed right before his eyes.

Only regrets were left now. Such a war could bring big benefits but might also result in complete loss.

Vritra’s body trembled then divided into two, then four and soon there were hundreds of figures just like him.

"We are doomed!" Dago muttered.

What followed was complete destruction, within a few moments, Vritra had already killed the two phoenix emperors, all the demon lords present, and several others.

His clones kept spreading, destroying everything on their path.

His main body held Sixty’s head, before making it explode.

It wasn’t enough to kill him but his regeneration was extremely slow and in his current state, sixty had no way to fight back.

The soul wraiths instantly began to devour his flesh and soul, almost like zombies.

They were devouring all the souls, the levels of each of them had increased rapidly.

One of Vritra’s clone flew towards the ghazi city, causing complete destruction even there.

Out of more than a million, only a few survivors were left.

Sixty could do nothing as the soul wraiths began to eat away at his soul and body, pain filled his body and for the first time he felt a new sort of emotion.

It was fear of death.

The soul wraiths soon devoured him completely, killing one of the strongest figure on the planet.

The distant base of Divine Kage suddenly went on high alert, as they all rushed towards that location.

The clone present in the ghazi city punched the empty air, blowing everything away.

The barrier set up by Red which was already on the verge of collapse trembled, cracks stretching all over it.

BOOOOM!

The clone stomped at the ground and continued to rush forward, and finally the next attack broke the barrier.

Vanessa and Diana’s presence could once again be felt, as the demonic figure which was about to blow off sir Giant’s head.

The consciousness that was descending into darkness, suddenly stirred, as he sensed that vanessa was still alive.

But Titan Fall had already been activated, and it was just impossible to deactivate it until the planet had fallen and the host had disappeared and forgotten completely.

Vritra threw unconscious sir giant away and made all his clones explode, forcefully trying to awaken his consciousness.

He knew if things continued then he might end up killing his own family, but getting his body back seemed impossible.

ROOOAAAAARRRRRRRRRR

He roared before flying towards the sky, only a few figures were left on the ground, barely alive.

Out of the four emperors only dago was left alive.

Nine Pacts was completely wiped out, not a single member was alive now, of course only the ones who had come to the war.

Kryn was alive, only sloth, the fat demon was alive though in a really bad shape.

Out of the six seats, Big guy was in a terrible state, Oracle’s soul was almost devoured, Pink was dead, tin and vin were dead, and Sir giant was also in a bad shape.

Most of the dragons were killed too.

But suddenly the destruction stopped, all soul wraiths disappeared. Vritra fly higher and higher, trying to stop himself.

...

The two pages carrying Maeve and Yennefer, inside which time was frozen had travelled hundreds of thousands of miles.

Maeve could still not do anything but as Vritra began to fight himself, Yennefer, using Null finally managed to break free.

"What happened? Why did husband send us away?" Yennefer had a really bad feeling about this, she touched the bracelet at her wrist and tried to stop the negative thoughts.

"I have to go back." Looking around, although the place looked exactly the same as before but Yennefer knew she was inside Vritra’s dimensional book’s page.

With all her might she began to strike the ground, the space around her, causing as much destruction as possible.

And under the constant barrage, it didn’t take long before cracks appeared in the space.

Using that moment, Yennefer used Null to teleport back into the real world.

She was shocked to find herself so far away from the Ghazi city, after sensing the direction, she flew back at full speed.

Even from such a distance she could see that the whole continent was obliterated, constant explosions sounding from there.

But she was only worried about Vritra, he had just witnessed the death of his mother, and now he was fighting all those lords all alone.

Gritting her teeth, Yennefer kept teleporting forward while moving the fastest she could.

"Husband, just wait a little for me."

WHOOOSH

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...