Chapter 648 A Close Call

CRACK CRACK

Vritra began to munch over one crystal after another, his hands moving quickly as he kept pulling them off the wall.

While messages kept popping before him.

[You have obtained 1 spiritual attribute!]

[You have obtained 1 spiritual attribute!]

[You have obtained 1 spiritual attribute!]

…

His mind was filled with a cool sensation, it felt so comfortable, the pain he had been feeling earlier slowly disappeared.

And his resistance increased greatly against the mind control.

But soon he noticed something.

'My spiritual attribute can't go past 100? Is that the limit before certain evolution or something?' he wondered, maybe once the mutation level reaches 100%, the body undergoes drastic changes.

Or maybe he would need something to continue further.

Whatever it might be, he would think about that later.

For now, he just continued devouring the crystals, the messages were still popping but his spiritual attribute was no longer increasing.

With so many crystals, his spiritual power would be greatly enhanced, though most of it would be locked for now.

CRUNCH CRUNCH

For a while, there were no changes, but soon the base's consciousness seemed to notice the changes.

'Just eating is too slow!' Vritra continued to devour while quickly throwing the stones into his inventory.

The veins trembled, many drying up and dying, while the others began to tremble violently.

KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEE

A terrifying scream rang from the outside, like a ghost from horror movies.

"Oh, it has finally noticed me." Vritra mumbled, but he didn't care about them and continued with his task.

Instantly a wave of mental attack hit him, making him almost fall to the ground.

But gritting his teeth, he retaliated with a spiritual burst, increasing his speed.

He had already emptied half of the crystals, and kept releasing spiritual burst to fight against the brutal mental attacks.

THUD THUD

Several figures quickly jumped into the underground area, the one at the front was the doctor.

They all screamed like mindless mutants, pouncing at Vritra.

'Heh how can they compete with me in physical strength, none of them have attributes as high as mine.' Vritra scanned the crowd and relaxed.

His stats had greatly increased after coming to this place since the military base brought so many mutants for him to kill.

It was just making its prey healthy, but Vritra had obtained the highest benefits.

He kept pulling the crystal while using the blood bullets to send them flying, they fell unconscious instantly.

After devouring a lot of crystals, he felt that they had stopped having any effect on him, it was no longer capable of increasing his strength.

So he just put the rest into his storage, Yasmine and the others could use them.

"STOPPPPPP!!" the doctor with two heads screamed madly, it was the consciousness of the mine after all.

And Vritra was kind of taking its very life force, its strength was already weakening.

[Spiritual Burst!]

[Spiritual Burst!]

[Spiritual Burst!]

Vritra kept launching mental attacks, leaving the doctor completely paralyzed.

"Haa finally done…" Vritra wiped the sweat from his forehead, as he finally turned.

The veins were starting to rot away, this thing would not be able to live long without those crystals.

And it knew once the crystals were gone, its life would end that's why it was so desperately searching for a healer or going all out to get new prey.

『

[Stats]

(Strength: 81.6)

(Agility: 84.4)

(Endurance: 84.3)

(Spiritual: 100[Locked])

{Free Attribute: 0}

』

{Sin Points: 455}

"So, what did you want to talk about doc?" Vritra turned and looked at the fallen mutant.

On both the heads, the upper part was missing and just the lower part had such an ugly expression.

"How did you?!! Since when… You knew…?" it surely had a lot of questions.

So far none of the humans had managed to oppose it or even see past the illusions, they kept repeating the same routine every day.

Feeding their sleep and dreams to it, which greatly decreased the consumption of these crystals, increasing its life.

"Well, thank you for your hospitality, but I don't want to overstay my welcome. Enjoy your tragically short life." Vritra said as he started walking.

"AHHHHHH" the doctor screamed and attacked him from behind. As long as he was gone, it could get all crystals back.

But right after taking a couple of steps forward, its heads exploded, and the body went limp.

Vritra sprinted towards his tent and saw Shitless still guarding outside.

"Pitiful one, how did it go?" he asked in a hurry.

"We will be fine now, that thing will be dead very soon." Even while speaking, he kept launching mental attacks towards the consciousness of the base to exhaust it.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +3,002}

Before long, it finally died and the bright sky once again became visible.

Vritra barely glanced at the message since he was in a hurry and accidentally overlooked one message.

"Whoa, so many points? it really was too powerful, had I not gained my senses back, we all might have really just died here." Vritra exhaled a long breath, this thing was truly too terrifying.

Thankfully all of them had managed to survive, and he made a big gain.

"Go get some rest, we will be leaving this place soon." Vritra said and sighed, who knows how many times he had repeated this line.

Yet they had stayed nearly two weeks here.

Then he walked back into his tent, all the people previously controlled were now unconscious.

Vanessa, Yasmine, Fiona, Diana, Yennefer, Maeve and Teresa were all still sleeping.

Vritra was still feeling tired, he had not slept for two weeks, he fell onto the bed and soon drifted off to sleep.

***

After nearly twelve hours, Vritra stirred out of sleep when he felt movements beside him.

He opened his eyes and saw his wives had just woken up, they looked perfectly fine.

"Hubby, what happened?" Yasmine massaged her temples.

"Master, this place… it is haunted!!" Maeve finally remembered everything, she had broken out of the control many times because of that chain.

But was too weak.

"Everything is fine now, don't worry." Vritra said as he sat up and explained everything.

As they listened more their faces turned pale, a fear creeping into their hearts, they were all so close to death.

"Honey, we should leave this cursed place immediately, what if this is another of its illusion? What if that thing is still alive?" Vanessa said.

"It is fine mom, I have confirmed its death. We will leave soon, but not before taking something important from the general here." Vritra said with a smile.

Maeve's heart almost stopped beating as she heard that, Vritra had been repeating that line for more than ten days.

"M… Master, haven't you already… are you still under its control?" Maeve asked, the others were also frozen.

Vritra burst out laughing seeing their expressions, teasing them all was really fun.

"Hubby, don't scare us like that." Yasmine patted her chest.

"Husband, this is not good. I am going to punish you later on." Yennefer said with a pout.

"Oh right, I have something good for you all." Vritra said as he took out the crystals and handed them to his wives.

He kept some for Shitless and Onest too, still there were enough to increase everyone's spiritual power to a high level.

"Just eat it." He added, as his wives looked at him strangely, was their husband still under the influence after all?

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... 