Chapter 315: Dimensions

It wasn’t until the sun rose pretty high into the sky that Vritra finally stirred out of his sleep.

He could still feel a headache, though it wasn’t as severe as the previous night.

Hugging a soft body, Vritra felt quite comfortable, but as his eyes opened, he was shocked to see the empress in his arms.

They were facing each other, with their legs intertwined and arms wrapped around each other’s bodies tightly.

He could feel her soft lips pressing against his neck while her warm breath caressed his skin.

’Wait, how did we end up like this? Did I pull her or something? Sigh, she is going to be so angry about this.’

He sighed and closed his eyes, but even as he tried to loosen his arms, the empress was clinging to him so tightly that there wasn’t even space for air to pass between them.

Sighing, Vritra decided to pretend to be asleep a little longer, as he tightened his arms around her voluptuous body once again.

’I should upgrade whatever I can for now, this place is too dangerous, and we have to get out of here as soon as possible.’

Vritra thought and opened the status panel, which only displayed things related to his sin system.

He had already upgraded the Blood Lock and Forbidden, so now only Fourth Dimension, Nether Eye, Elegy Parasite, Intra Shuffle, and Suck! Suck! Suck! remained.

’So many skills are still left, thankfully I have got enough sin points.’ Vritra thought and decided to upgrade them, wishing to get nice things.

He took a long breath, which was filled with Yennefer’s sweet scent.

She looked so innocent and cute while sleeping—no wonder she was one of the most gorgeous women in the universe.

Shaking his head, Vritra focused on the skills, and first of all, he decided to upgrade the Fourth Dimension; a skill that could instantly increase his defense by countless times.

Without wasting a moment, he spent twenty million sin points and upgraded the skill.

[Upgrading Fourth Dimension.]

[0%]

[1%]

...

Vritra waited for a few minutes while listening to Yennefer’s even heartbeat as her chest rose with each breath, overloading him with softness.

[Upgrade complete.]

[You have obtained the skill Book of Dimensions.]

"Hmm, what a surprise." Suddenly Yasmine’s voice sounded, surprising him.

’You are finally awake?!! Wifey, are you alright now? And yeah, this skill looks like such a good surprise.’ Vritra spoke.

"Yeah, I am a little better for now. This place surely isn’t good for a soul; the more I stay awake the more of my energy keeps getting drained.

So I would have to sleep more often. Anyway, I wasn’t talking about the skill but you. I left for a few hours and you already replaced me with another woman—sob, poor loyal me.

I can’t believe you are embracing another woman even after I woke up." Yasmine spoke playfully in a dramatic tone.

’This is not the time to joke, all of us are just stuck in this place and... well, I am stuck in her arms right now. So, in this town I even met the king of the White Kingdom and...’

Vritra explained all the events that took place after arriving in the Abandoned Town, even the strange creature he saw the previous day.

"So this is the realm of the Divine. What about that map you received?" she questioned, now speaking in a solemn tone.

’It did work, but I would have to go and check those places out.’ Vritra replied, though who knew what more dangers this place was hiding.

"Sigh, and I can’t help you at all here. Just staying awake is taking so much of my energy. Hubby, be careful." Yasmine said in a worried tone.

’It’s fine, I will soon get us out of here. You should rest more.’ He added. He could tell from her voice that she was still quite exhausted.

"Hmm, and that’s a good skill you got there. I will come out to check the other skills later.

Hubby, be safe and don’t put yourself in danger... as much as you can." After finishing, Yasmine once again drifted off to sleep.

’Haa, yes wifey, don’t worry.’ Vritra added and finally glanced at his new skill, which sounded quite good just from the name.

『

[Book of Dimensions]

[Skill Description]: Few dimensions aren’t enough to contain you, so create, destroy, control, store, or do as you wish. A book consisting of countless dimensions, to which you are free to do as you please.

』

The description was short and simple, but just like the previous time, it didn’t give him much detail about the actual skill.

But he decided to give it a try.

Just as he activated the skill, an ethereal book that seemed transparent and was only visible to Vritra floated in front of him, consisting of countless pages.

The book had such a special and magical feeling to it; on the cover, the name of the skill was mentioned along with Vritra’s name.

[Book of Dimensions activated.]

The book flipped open and shimmered with a faint light. After thinking for a few seconds, Vritra gave it a try.

After a moment, Vritra found himself in the same room, lying over the same bed, inside the same house that previously belonged to the former town chief.

But he had shifted himself and Yennefer into one of the pages of the book, copying everything to the last detail.

It was way more powerful than the Fourth Dimension; he could literally copy reality into his dimensional book.

He could bring people inside, bring even the house or his surroundings inside, and no one would even know that they were already trapped in his space.

’Dang, each upgrade is so powerful. This time again, the upgrade is better than I expected.’ He needed to do a lot of experiments with this skill, just like with Forbidden.

With just a thought, he returned to reality.

He could create countless small realms in his book, could use them to make extremely powerful explosions, and so much more.

In his excitement, Vritra hugged Yennefer’s body tightly, squeezing her soft body unconsciously as the empress stirred awake with a soft "Mmm..." sound.

Vritra’s body tensed up as he did his best sleeping act, preparing his body for the attacks she might be delivering soon.

"Mhmm~" Yennefer woke up, and she slowly opened her eyes. She had such a nice sleep that even after sleeping for more than ten hours she still felt sleepy.

The empress blinked her eyes open and then looked at the face of the peacefully sleeping man.

For a moment she was surprised upon finding their bodies intertwined in such an intimate and passionate manner.

But then she relaxed. Even though her strength had gone away, her senses had developed over countless battles, so despite his near-perfect acting, she could tell he was already awake.

’So he doesn’t want to get out of my arms...?’ Yennefer wondered.

This seemed the only possible reason—after all, there was no way he would still be cautious towards her when she was even weaker than him.

Therefore, the empress once again closed her eyes and buried her face into his neck, giving a soft kiss to his warm skin.

She decided to go along with these new strange feelings that made her want to stick to him forever.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...