Chapter 377: Foxie

After meeting up with Raelion, Yennefer searched for Vritra for a while, then went to meet the Green Claw and the group.

But unlike her expectations, that bunch of men failed to capture Maeve yet again even though she was in that bad condition.

Giving them all appropriate punishments, Yennefer began to return to the palace; she needed to inform everything about the return of Raelion.

Although his strength wasn’t threatening for the emperor and others, he was one of the most troublesome demon lords.

She had to let others know before he destroyed a city or two.

Upon arriving back at the palace, Yennefer found that the emperor and Han Gratt had returned from the meeting with the other emperors.

’I almost forgot, that announcement had threatened even the emperors, so they must be planning some way to catch husband too.’ Yennefer thought, shaking her head at the level of trouble Vritra was in.

While delivering the news, she decided to get some information.

She walked into the large hall where the emperor and Han were present.

On the throne sat a man wearing leather clothes made from the skin of a Lord-level beast.

After reaching the 10th Legion rank, a person reaches the General rank, while the rank high above it is referred to as the Lord rank.

With long brown hair fluttering, the emperor possessed sharp features like a man who is always suspicious, and a body full of strong muscles.

They were discussing the matter of a search; when Han saw Yennefer, he smiled but soon became neutral. The emperor named Darius Ford also smiled upon seeing her; it was like his entire personality had changed.

"Empress, I was waiting for you, join us on this important discussion," he said, standing up and extending his hand towards Yennefer.

Ignoring him, she took a seat away from the emperor and asked: "What important discussion?"

"You remember that announcement; I just found out Vritra is already in this city. And we have started the search." Darius said, his presence alone made all the people in the palace tense up.

Darius was a great emperor who used force and rewards perfectly; the people of the continent were afraid of him but also liked him to some extent.

The reason why demons hadn’t made any move was especially because of him; his strength was just that high.

"Is that all? For someone with such a high threat level, will that be enough?" she asked casually.

"Hah, as expected of the woman I chose, you know me perfectly, sigh it’s been so long; don’t you think we should now get married?" Darius said, his tone becoming unbefitting of an emperor.

"No, it is not time yet." Shaking her head, she refused outright, then added: "I met Raelion today, he has returned."

"What?! That crazy demon, the last time he came, he almost succeeded in exploding half of the continent. We have to get rid of him before he does something again." Han said angrily.

Darius finally turned serious; he stretched his hand and a man from the shadows emerged carrying a tray. Picking up the wine glass from it, he spoke:

"Hmm if only we can bring him out of his hole, but I wonder how we make it work."

After thinking for a few moments, he hid a smirk and suggested: "Right, he is obsessed with you, empress, so if he hears that you are getting married, even if he knows it’s a trap he will come out."

Yennefer frowned, knowing fully well Darius’s nature. Every once in a while, he would spread such rumors across the land to put pressure on her to marry him.

"No, I am sure there is some other way—" Yennefer obviously refused; if it was before, then she wouldn’t mind but now she didn’t want Vritra to misunderstand.

But the emperor interrupted: "It’s not like we are having a real wedding or anything. Let’s organise a small party and spread the rumour about our wedding.

I am sure he will come out on his own, and that is when we kill Raelion. Don’t you want to kill the despicable, hateful, disgusting demon?"

He said, knowing fully well her obsession with slaughtering demons.

Yennefer was torn between the two choices; she didn’t want to upset Vritra but also didn’t want to miss this chance to kill or at least severely injure one of the demon lords.

After a long pause, she nodded.

"Fine, spread this news, but don’t try anything else or I will break our agreement," Yennefer said emotionlessly and she left the hall.

’It will be fine, I just need to inform Vritra about this arrangement.’ Yennefer reasoned with herself, though she did have a bad feeling about this, but how could she miss even a chance of killing a demon.

’But where exactly are you?’

***

"Oh so Foxie needs a bath? Sure." Vritra nodded and smiled, then bringing a bucket full of water from his inventory, he poured it all down on her body.

Maeve was baffled as the cold water fell on her body; she was so angry that she really wanted to kill him immediately.

"Anything else you want me to do?" he asked, enjoying her reaction.

"You- how dare you?" she shouted, breathing heavily, right now her body was weaker than an average human.

"Oh, did our little Foxie get angry? Here I have got a tonic for you; wanna drink it?" Vritra asked, pulling out a potion.

If he could he would have certainly put her into a coma and increased his strength but it was just a bluff just to scare her.

Maeve shut her mouth; she controlled her anger and said: "Fine, I will behave until our deal is done, so—"

ACHOO!

Maeve had started to shiver, as cold crept into her body; she had never felt this vulnerable.

Her teeth chattered and her body shivered; in a shaky voice she spoke: "H- Help me..."

"Now, how do you want me to help you?" Vritra asked, crossing his arms but his senses warned him about some sort of danger.

"I- Change my... clothes." Maeve was feeling as if she would freeze to death, although it was humiliating but in her condition she had no choice but to beg for his help.

Though her body repulsed at the thought of getting naked in front of a stranger, she was a respected demon lord, but was reduced to this state now.

"Oh sure, but you see I will have to charge you extra for that; how about six treasures? Also show me you do have good treasures, I don’t want to be scammed," Vritra said, as he got ready to leave.

"F-Fine, just help me." She said, her voice becoming weaker; this poison had made her way too weak.

Just as Vritra was about to speak, a loud heart-wrenching scream rang from deep within the cave.

Only now did he remember that this was also one of the caves that he needed to check for Zihong’s inheritance.

An extreme sense of danger permeated from deep inside the cave; strange noises of countless blades striking, churning rang out.

The screams of the humans disappeared one by one, until only the screeching of metal remained.

"Well well, we are just in luck. Looks like you will have to wait a little longer, Foxie, I will be back ASAP."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...