Chapter 223: He do have balls

{Sin Points Gained: Watched +15,353}

{Sin Points Gained: Terrified +8,838}

{Sin Points Gained: Praised +10,194}

...

SMACK

"KIYAAAAAH~ Uiiiiiiii~ I- I AM A PIG!!" the young prince shouted. His butt was already as red as a monkey’s; Monk Shitless had even started to hit his back and legs.

"Is that really the youngest prince? I can’t believe someone could actually do this to a prince, but it’s so satisfying to see him like that," someone in the crowd muttered.

"Baldy, hit harder, this bastard is still smiling."

"Sob sob I, Prince Henry Jr the 14th, am a result of teamwork." The prince spoke while crawling across the streets of the city. He could clearly hear the mocking tone of the people, their laughter—he felt humiliated and ashamed.

Not to mention the pain—even more than Vritra, he kept cursing the Baldy in his mind. He had already been walking like this for more than thirty minutes; he had become a complete joke. How would he ever be able to step in front of anyone again?

Vritra just continued to walk along with the two, followed by a large crowd. He didn’t really care all that much about this punishment, but the Sin Points were worth it. He already planned to kill the prince to avoid any sort of future trouble.

The royal ride of the prince continued for several hours. His body was covered in bruises, and he was even bleeding. Monk Shitless was going all out when he hit the prince.

The evening had finally arrived, and by now, even the prince’s palms and knees were badly bruised. He was barely dragging himself forward and felt relieved that the whole nightmare was finally about to end.

He was definitely going to make Vritra and the Baldy pay for this in whatever way he could. By now, even the gazes and words of the public didn’t bother him all that much.

Monk Shitless cleared his throat, and since the whole activity was about to end, he decided to deliver the final blow with all his might as he shouted:

"You degenerate brat, shout louder, crawl faster, tell me how many fathers do you have?!! You spineless cowardly bastard, are you even a man? You got balls or just an empty rental space down there?"

WHOOSH

Then he pulled his hand back and brought it toward the prince’s ass with all his might, using every bit of his strength in this final attack. But unfortunately, when delivering such a powerful strike, his aim became a bit off.

SMAAACCCCKKKKKKK

"UWAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!" The young prince let out a heart-wrenching scream that was neither human nor bestial. The entire space froze at that loud, painful scream.

All of them felt a shiver as they watched the prince clutch his crotch while his body spasmed violently. Fog flew out of his mouth as he coughed, his eyeballs almost bulged out, and within moments, he fainted.

’Accidentally,’ the flexible and deadly stick had struck the prince’s balls. And as it seems, the space down there wasn’t empty.

’So the balls are still there... or they were...’ Monk Shitless froze as well. He hadn’t planned to turn the prince into a eunuch.

"H- He should still be fine, right?" clearing his throat, the monk asked, acting as if nothing was wrong.

"Yeah, I think so. The punishment is over. You did great, prince," Vritra said before turning around and walking away, looking at the beautiful clouds in the sky.

Monk Shitless threw the stick away and fled. After hiding in an alley, he transformed into a beautiful woman and calmly walked away. The crowd looked at the deflated and pitiful prince and scattered. They didn’t want to get punished by the king.

The guards that had been watching the entire show from behind and laughing were startled. They ran forward after everyone had started to scatter. One of them checked his condition, and thankfully, he was still alive.

"L- Let’s go, we need to bring the prince back immediately." Two guards carefully lifted the prince and started hurriedly walking back.

But the foot of one of the guards slipped over a stick that lay on the ground, and he slipped, throwing the prince headfirst onto the ground.

"..."

Now, there was a big injury over his head as well.

"I- It’s that Baldy’s fault. Let’s go back." The guard quickly got up after looking left and right. He picked up the prince, and the few guards ran back.

***

Vanessa, Fiona, and Diana were getting bored inside the castle, so just as Vritra had suggested, they decided to go out to the market and have some personal women time.

They wore veils, and with the barriers set by Vritra, they didn’t attract too much attention. Diana had a lot of money. The gold coins from the Dunshire Kingdom worked even in the Blue Kingdom, so they purchased all sorts of things they liked.

"Haa, why does it feel so hot?" Vanessa spoke, using her handkerchief to wipe her forehead.

"I swear it wasn’t so hot when he left. Why did it become hot so suddenly?" Diana mumbled, fanning her face with a paper fan.

"I wonder why the streets look so empty today. Where have all the people gone?" Fiona wondered. Just some time ago, all the people had started walking away.

The three women did hear something about the youngest prince.

They had just entered one of the shops to look at different clothes when Diana saw several people in white dresses walking across the street, looking around as if they were searching for something.

’The Grieves?’ the three women exclaimed. Only Diana could sense a dangerous energy lingering around their bodies. They acted perfectly normal and continued with their shopping, wondering why the Grieves were here again.

After those men left, the three of them decided to end their shopping a bit early and went back. They noticed that even the atmosphere at the castle was a bit strange.

The guards didn’t dare look straight at them, and even the servants were being too respectful toward them.

Seeing such behavior from everyone, they knew that it must be because of Vritra. They wondered what he could have done now.

"I guess we will be leaving this kingdom quite soon as well," Fiona said, while trying out her new dresses and showing them to the two women.

"Oh, that looks great on you. I am sure Vritra would love it too," Vanessa said. Then she pulled Fiona’s arm and made her sit beside her, asking in an excited tone:

"So, among you two, who was the first to confess? How far have you two gone?"

She was in the mood to gossip, and what could be better than gossiping about her son’s love life?

"Uh... We have only kissed so far, and I was the first to confess first if I remember correctly..." Fiona said, feeling a little shy.

"Hmm, still only at that stage, huh? You need to make more progress. Do you need some tips? He must be waiting for you to get comfortable with him.

You need to seduce him. Believe me, your relationship could only reach the next step once you cross that invisible line between sweet and sinful," Vanessa spoke.

"..." Fiona nodded, while thinking about Vritra’s relationship with the two women in front of her. She already had an idea, though.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...