Chapter 177: Easy wins

The White team was eliminated quickly. Everyone in the audience was shocked by how efficiently they worked—five hundred people were defeated so easily, while the other groups were fighting each other just like how people in the previous batch fought.

Vritra then decided to take it a bit slow. If the other sides were defeated too fast, then he wouldn’t be able to get too many sin points. He looked back at his team and announced:

"Our next target will be the winner between the Blue and Green team. Take as much rest as you all can for the next few minutes."

Vanessa, Fiona, and Diana watched Vritra’s performance from the seats. They never thought he could be such a good leader; he had always been more of a loner, after all. But it seemed he was much more talented than they thought.

The other groups fought hard. At one point, it became so messy that no one cared if it was a person from their own team—they attacked anyone close to them. Most of the groups had already been disbanded. Vritra just stood there calmly and farmed the free sin points.

After a little over ten minutes had passed, the other groups and participants finally began to notice the Red group, which seemed as if they hadn’t even fought a bit, while all the others were already getting exhausted.

"GUARD!!" Just as several people charged towards them, Vritra gave a command. Only around a hundred or so people were charging at them—it seemed they wanted to eliminate the leader first. But all the attackers were instantly locked by the distant damage dealers.

"ATTACK!!" Vritra said as hundreds of attacks were launched at the same time. Those attackers stood absolutely no chance and got knocked off.

Vritra decided to slowly eliminate the other group. He gestured for the group to follow behind him as he gave different commands based on the situation, and the members mindlessly followed all his commands.

No matter how the enemy attacked, they could never go past their defense and were always seen through by Vritra. It was a one-sided slaughter, and every single person among the spectators already knew who the five hundred winners were going to be.

The Red team totally dominated the competition. Rich, who was one of the tanks, was awed by Vritra’s capability. Even though his chances of winning the whole competition were extremely slim, it was a fact that he was very talented.

The match could have been over in less than half an hour if Vritra wanted, but he continued to stretch it, and around two hours had passed when only the Red team and the tired and bruised members of the Yellow team remained.

The ones who didn’t choose any team and were too confident were the ones who were beaten the fastest—even legion-ranked warriors couldn’t fight such large groups on their own.

"Do you want us to give you some time to rest? I don’t want to defeat you all when you are at your lowest and so weak," Vritra spoke to the other team in a friendly tone, and everyone praised him again for his sportsmanship and kind nature.

Hundreds of girls seemed to be going crazy over that calm and majestic leader, who gave off such protective and warm vibes.

’Sigh... Poor lambs, no one knows he is a devil in human skin. Even the demons are afraid of him. If only you all knew him as much as I do...’ Diana shook her head. She praised Vritra for his acting skill.

The people of the Yellow team were touched by his concern. They glanced at one another and decided to take Vritra up on his offer, though they knew they would most probably lose.

"Thank you, I have never met a leader as good and compassionate as you. You are a true warrior," one of the men from the other side spoke.

After they all thanked Vritra and contributed thousands of sin points, their rest began as they took their potions out and started drinking them. Vritra just stood there with his arms crossed, farming sin points and aura. Unlike Daddy V, the persona of Jin Woo was being loved by everyone, and the number of sin points was just as high.

I should have gained more than a million sin points just from a couple of hours. Heh, after a few days of this competition, my sin points will be much higher, Vritra calculated in his mind. But he didn’t glance at the number of sin points he had, to increase his excitement for the result.

After twenty minutes had passed, the Yellow team was finally ready to fight. Vritra didn’t put too much effort and deployed the same formation. Although the Yellow team was ready after seeing how the other side was fighting, Vritra’s changing commands made everything unpredictable.

It wasn’t long before more than half of the members were knocked out. Vritra slowed down the pace a bit more and allowed the other side to catch their breath. Then, after ten more minutes, the Yellow team was finally defeated.

And the Red team became the winner.

"Such a fabulous match! We have to give it all out to our wonderful leader, Jin Woo. The poise with which their group fought was just eye-opening. He commanded his group like a true commander who had very long experience. I am sure he could easily get a high position with just that brain of his," TK spoke loudly, his words full of praise.

"Now, the first day matches are over. And we have got a total of a thousand winners. All of you can return to the hall you were waiting in earlier and get your names registered. Tomorrow won’t be any matches and you can rest. The next match will start at the same time the day after tomorrow," TK announced.

Vritra and his group walked back towards the hall, while most of the losers were carried out since they were in no condition to even walk. After entering the hall, every single member thanked and began to flatter him. All of them shook hands with him while getting their names registered and getting something stamped over their badges.

After Vritra was done with his work, he walked out of the colosseum and saw the three ladies waiting for him. All of them were smiling.

"Well, this competition went much better than the one in the Dunshire Kingdom. Even the announcer didn’t disappear, hehe," Diana giggled as she remembered that chaotic competition.

"You should be hungry. Do you want to eat at the hotel or should I cook for you?" Vanessa asked as she took his right hand.

"Let’s just eat outside. The fighting wasn’t tiring at all—I barely did anything aside from commanding," Vritra said as he took Fiona’s hand and interlocked fingers with her.

"You looked so brilliant there. I never thought you could command such a large group so well. You were always alone in school," Fiona said as she hugged his arm.

The group of four walked towards the same hotel—it was already close to evening.

When they were entering, Vritra saw several men wearing white dresses from the temple and walking towards the competition venue. Just from the sight, he could sense that these people were Grieves.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...