Chapter 255: Kinky Goddess [R-18]

Vritra looked at the beautiful sight of Diana’s glistening vagina, as he gripped her soft thighs tightly. Just before his lips came into contact with her labia, he remembered the goddess’s kink, and stopped.

Since the kinky goddess loved rough play, Vritra decided to do something special and different, even though he himself had little knowledge of it.

He sat back and took out a piece of cloth from his inventory, then moved to Diana’s side. The goddess looked at him with confusion in her eyes but waited for him to continue. In the next moment, Vritra began wrapping the cloth around her eyes.

"Huh?" Diana was surprised but she didn’t stop him. She immediately understood what Vritra was planning to do and got excited. She closed her eyes and shut down her observation senses; otherwise, tying that cloth would be useless.

Vritra didn’t stop there as he made weak chains with dust and tied the goddess’s hands and feet to the four corners of the bed, as she lay completely exposed and looking helpless on the bed.

’I wonder if she is going to enjoy this, I am really new to this all...’ Vritra wondered. After the preparations, he sat back.

"Of course she is going to love it, just look at her expressions. Even before touching, she looks as if she is about to orgasm." Yasmine said. One thing was clear: Diana really loved such a sort of play.

Vritra finally began, leaning forward. His hand landed over her waist and then slid upwards over her smooth skin, moving slowly towards her boobs as he brought his face close to hers.

"Haa Haa Mmmm~" Diana’s body had become a lot more sensitive, her breathing was getting faster, she shivered upon feeling his warm hand against her belly.

She was in a world of complete darkness. Even the slightest sensation felt as if it were getting multiplied, plus the chains bounding her arms and legs made this experience more wild.

Suddenly the goddess felt Vritra’s soft lips pressing against her own. He gently pulled her lower lip into his mouth and nibbled on it lightly, caressing it with his tongue.

The kiss slowly became heated as their lips began moving over one another. They were sucking each other’s lips as the cold air brushed past their bodies.

"Mmmm~ SLURP"

Feeling hungrier by the second, the goddess’s lips parted as she pushed her pink tongue forward, first licking his lips sensually and then slowly entering his mouth.

Vritra moved on top of her with their lips still connected; he was already rock hard. As he pressed her body under his, their naked bodies came into direct contact, their skin rubbing and creating warmth by the faint friction.

The goddess’s tongue moved inside his mouth as Vritra suddenly caught it with his own tongue, wrapping around the soft invader as he tasted her sweet saliva. The goddess was truly delicious.

Vritra felt her nipples turning hard and pressing against his chest, while the length of his penis was pressing against her vagina, as the lips of her labia softly bit on it; almost as if trying to chew the tasty piece of meat.

SLURP SLURP

GULP

Diana sucked hungrily, tasting his saliva and drinking it with delight. She felt incredibly good as Vritra bit on her tongue. He was completely dominating her; his hands touching and squeezing every part of her body.

"Mmmmph~" Diana squeezed her eyes and curled her toes as Vritra suddenly squeezed her sensitive ass cheeks, kneading them like dough, the fleshy cheeks feeling incredibly soft.

Their tongues moved from one mouth to another, the two exchanging saliva and devouring one another’s mouth with passion. It was such a sweet mess as the kiss continued for more than a dozen minutes.

Finally, Vritra pulled back and looked down at her face, which was beet red with shame and excitement, with her sultry breathing becoming faster.

Vritra kissed her cheeks before moving onto her neck. That pale and slightly pinkish neck felt so savoury that Vritra couldn’t stop himself from taking a bite off of that creamy skin.

"Ahhh~" He pulled her soft skin into his mouth and started sucking and nibbling on it, tasting the sweet skin and leaving dark hickeys all over her neck.

Bringing one hand back to her breasts, he began massaging the soft boobs, his fingers sinking deep into the plump flesh. Vritra even pinched her sensitive nipples between his fingers, making the goddess shiver in pleasure.

While continuing to kiss her slender shoulders, Vritra began to speak in a low and insulting tone:

"Aren’t you ashamed? You are supposed to be a holy and pure goddess yet look at you, spreading your legs for a mortal, begging for his cock and lying here in such an obscene situation, pretending to be helpless..."

Diana’s blush deepened as she heard all that. She knew Vritra was only saying all that as a part of the play, but this was too hot. This naughty and horny goddess really loved when he insulted her or hit her.

She just loved his dominating behaviour, though letting him play with her body as he wished was indeed a bit embarrassing, but that only made her more excited.

The goddess bit her lip and moaned even louder, feeling his lips and tongue kissing over her neck and shoulders before finally sliding down to her chest.

Vritra licked her cleavage, kissing the sides of the boobs on either side of the cleavage, pulling that piece of flesh into his mouth and sinking his teeth into her skin.

Finally, he grasped her melons and treated his eyes to the wonderful sight. Her skin itself felt as if it were made of milk. Feeling the desire burning inside him, Vritra brought down his mouth on the pink candies, as he suddenly bit her nipple.

"Annngggg~ Hnnnnnnn~ I- I am sorry to be such a lustful goddess haa haa p- please punish me Haaaah~ MASTERRRRRR~"

Diana moaned, feeling the overwhelming pleasure coursing through her body. She pulled both her arms as the chain broke and she hugged his head tightly.

Rolling her sweet nipple around with his tongue, Vritra began to suck and nibble on it. But then he thought of something, glanced up at the erotic face of the goddess, and smiled.

Raising one of his hands, he grasped the air and used his dust ability to create a cube of ice. He had seen the ice play back on Earth but didn’t know if it would really make her feel good.

While sucking on one of her nipples, he brought the ice cube to her other breast and suddenly pressed it against her nipple. Diana’s body jerked as her grip on his hair tightened and she let out a loud sexy moan that reverberated inside the barrier.

"Ahhhh~ W- What’s Hnnnng~ that?" Diana could barely speak while feeling the icy feeling rubbing against her nipple, and cold air rolling down her breast.

Vritra continued to rub the ice cube against her nipple for a while, and just as he removed the ice he pulled her left nipple out of his mouth and latched onto the right, as the icy cold nipple pressed against his tongue.

A sweet and cold feeling bursting into his mouth, as he hummed in satisfaction.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...