Chapter 754 The Daughters in law

Vritra smiled, at this place, Yasmine will be properly cared for.

He didn't have any knowledge of things he must do for her, with Ava and the other maids from the dragon race around, there won't be any problem.

Now he just needed to make sure that no outside danger can enter this realm.

The biggest problem now was that Zihong and even the gods who had been humiliated in front of everyone.

As soon as they are free, they will definitely try to harm them, so he had to do something.

But aside from reaching level 3 for now, there wasn't really anything Vritra could do.

"Actually, there are indeed some things you can do." Just then Divine spoke in his mind, his voice though sounded a bit weaker than usual.

'What things? And why do you sound so strange?' Vritra asked in his mind.

"I will explain everything once you have reached level 3 of Demi God, and this avatar of mine doesn't have much time, I will disappear very soon." The Divine answered.

'Oh, that sounds bad, will you be okay?' Vritra asked in worry.

"Yea, I have one more avatar, after I am gone it will help you." Divine said, then added: "Actually this avatar had remained quite close to you and your family all this time."

'Huh? What, who?' this time it was Vritra who was surprised and confused.

"You will know very soon, anyway for now just enjoy the momentary peace." Divine said and as always disappeared right after.

Vritra tried calling him a few times but he was just gone.

Sighing, he focused on the people around.

"Yes we will hold a big party, for our son's safe return and for this wonderful news and also a welcoming celebration for all our daughters in law." Gunter spoke.

Just then...

"PITIFUL ONEEEEEEEEE!! HELPPPPPP!!" A loud screaming sound came from outside.

Frowning, Vritra teleported directly outside wondering what danger arrived here out of nowhere.

And he saw a familiar sight, Monk Shitless was sitting on the back of Bullo who was charging forward at full speed.

The big Bullo was heading straight towards Vritra.

A little surprised, Vritra just raised his hand, pointing his palm forward as Bullo applied sudden brakes, as it skidded across the ground.

Dust rose in the air and marks formed over the ground.

Shitless was shot off like a rocket, flying right over the house and disappearing somewhere behind it.

Bullo stopped right in front of Vritra as he patted the happy Bullo's head, it seemed this dangerous looking beast was happier to meet Vritra than its owner, Shitless.

"How have you been?" Vritra chuckled at this comedic duo, it had been so long since they were together.

Bullo happily rubbed its huge head against him, nearly pushing him back.

Soon Shitless staggered back, he was covered by leaves, though he wasn't really hurt.

At the last moment, he had transformed his body into metallic form.

Divine's words reverberated through his mind as Vritra glanced at Shitless, could this be the avatar?

He is even capable of seeing fate and had helped them several times, could it really be him?

For now, he dismissed the thought, there was no way to check it.

"Where is Onest?" Vritra asked, taking out a large amount of meat from his inventory that had been kept there for quite some time.

And then gave it to Bullo.

Bullo instantly began eating with great joy.

"He uh, he went on a date." Shitless muttered, appearing confused.

"A date? Huh? When did he get a girl?" Vritra asked in surprise, Onest was good looking but Onest never mentioned any women in his life.

"Just while we were returning to this place, he saw her and fell for her. And they just went away together later on." Shitless shrugged.

That guy seemed strange, maybe that is how people in love act, how would he as a monk know it?

Vritra frowned, well he is a Demi God so unless that Zihong guy is pretending to be a woman, Onest shouldn't be in trouble, right?

He might as well be enjoying himself with a beautiful woman right now, eating tasty dishes.

'Knight, go make sure he is fine.' Since everyone is safe here, Vritra can send the level 3 Demi God away for now.

The armored Knight appeared for a brief moment, bowed, then vanished right away.

"Before anything, we need to start absorbing those cores and increase our strength." Vritra spoke, and all the women nodded solemnly.

The party can wait but if they aren't strong enough when danger arrives, they would only be left with regret.

"But I wonder, how long it will take." Diana spoke, tapping over her cheek.

It will be two levels, just getting to Demi Saint level 1 had taken quite some time, so this time it might even be a couple of months?

"It won't take that long, I have Null." Vritra said, but he preferred that Onest would return too and they all can level up at once.

The sun had already set and the sky was starting to darken.

A cool breeze moved across the land and the lights of the manor began to glow.

"I guess the party can wait then, let's eat dinner together for now." Ava said, still just as excited.

She had received too many good news in one day.

"Yes, I was feeling a little hungry after all the events, this day sure is long." Yasmine muttered, she needed a more nutritional diet.

Though she noticed that she had been craving different tastes, sometimes sweet, sometimes salty snacks and whatnot.

Was it because of her pregnancy? She didn't hate this feeling, as it only made this feel more real, it was special.

Vritra quietly moved beside her and held her hand, making Yasmine smile softly.

While chatting the group headed toward the dining area, where the maids had already arranged various delicious dishes.

The long table was filled with roasted meat, soups, fruits, breads, desserts and many shining drinks.

Even Shitless forgot his confusion for a moment and stared with shining eyes.

They shared various stories from the other planet, though it was hard for Gunter and Ava to believe at first.

But they had also seen those mutants, though they were quickly taken care of.

At times Ava gasped, and Gunter slammed the table in anger hearing how much danger they had faced and the treachery of the world.

At one point, it even seemed he wanted to rush there and kill those evil bastards who tortured poor innocent people.

Then seeing Vritra sitting there safely, both of them calmed down again and felt relieved.

No matter what had happened, their son had returned home safely.

After eating, ava and gunter retired for the day and returned to their room, even though the excited ava seemed she can chat all night long.

She was liking all her daughters in law, they were all good natured.

Vritra then strolled around the yate realm, chatting with his wives.

As he walked towards the front of the palace, many people from the yate family saw them and were shocked to see so many beautiful women walking with Art.

The young and older ones who had been beaten by him before felt quite angry and jealous.

Just then Vritra received a message from Knight.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...