Chapter 264: The Truth Talk

"Haa, this TV thing is actually quite nice. Though a lot of things are present on other continents from your Earth, even cars," Yasmine said, as Vritra removed the TV. Though it seemed a bit slow and confusing at the start to her, it was getting really interesting.

’Many other people had been called here from Earth, and the technology here—just keeping Glyphs in mind—is quite high, so that’s not a surprise,’ Vritra said as he lay back on the bed, Fiona resting over his arm, hugging him while talking about all the series she wanted to see.

Though Vritra himself hadn’t seen many of them.

"When are we leaving for the White Kingdom now that all the goals are complete?" Yasmine questioned. She really wanted to see what sort of trouble he could cause there.

In the Topaz Continent, the White Kingdom alone is a lot bigger and richer compared to all other kingdoms, even by several times. Since the White Kingdom possessed direct teleportation to other continents, the growth was astronomically high there.

Fourth Legion rank isn’t even the highest there, and all sorts of strong warriors are coming into the White Kingdom from outside.

’I want to enjoy this momentary peace for a few days. I am sure we would end up getting wrapped in all sorts of trouble upon arriving there. Not to mention, there is even a Bone Blood Cult base there.

But since the demon war is coming closer, I won’t be wasting too much time.’ After replying to his wifey, Vritra looked to the side and saw Diana and Vanessa chatting.

All three of the women were close to reaching the 1st Legion rank—just one more day of training and they would level up.

So Vritra wanted to let them reach that rank before leaving, and with most problems gone, he could enjoy his time here for a little bit.

"Diana, what do you know about the Six Truths?" he asked so casually that it didn’t look like he was talking about a taboo topic.

"..." The goddess’s mouth opened slightly as if she was about to speak something but then closed. After a moment, she said in a solemn tone: "We shouldn’t be talking about that. Knowing it will only bring destruction."

"Yeah, I am asking so I can avoid it. You know I don’t want to accidentally get involved in all that," Vritra replied with an honest smile.

Though the goddess looked at him suspiciously, sighing, she spoke: "It is better to stay away from these topics, but I will tell you what I know."

She went silent for a few seconds, arranging words carefully in her mind. Then she added: "I don’t know how much you know, but I have only heard the name of a few of the truths.

Like the Truth of Prohibition, which is related to gods, the Truth of Betrayal, the Truth of Creation, and... the Truth of the Divine.

These are things that are made forbidden by the gods and demon gods. If these truths were to come out, it is said they could create great calamities."

She finished her explanation, knowing fully well the more she warned, the more interested Vritra would become in this.

"Divine... Do you know absolutely anything about the Divine? There was even that box in your temple that was related to the Divine as well," Vritra said. Fiona and Vanessa knew of almost all his secrets, but the goddess was yet to know it all.

But as their relationship progressed and they got to know each other better, both of them would certainly know each other’s secrets.

"I don’t know much either, since even if you somehow get to find little bits of secrets about the Six Truths, you will end up forgetting about it very soon. They are forbidden secrets, after all.

Anyway, the only thing I know is that once, the Divine had been inside the Topaz Universe," Diana said. Even as a goddess, she had to try really hard to remember that one thing.

’If that’s the case, then how does wifey still remember what she saw long ago? And since the gods make everyone forget about the content of these Six Truths, then why don’t they just make everyone forget about the Six Truths itself?

Doesn’t it increase the chances of exposure if people remember that such a thing exists? Or do they want people to look for these truths?

I wonder what the answers to all these questions are.’ Vritra pondered, and the more he thought, the more questions appeared in his mind.

Just after hearing Diana’s words, he almost forgot what she had said, but with two mythic halos present in his body—the treasures that could easily rival gods—Vritra’s capability to remember the forbidden secrets was higher than most other people.

Like Diana could remember bits and pieces because of her status as a goddess and her holy energy, Yasmine could remember for some reason as well.

"Okay, Mom, Fiona, do you remember what she just said?" Vritra looked at his mother and the redhead in his arms.

"About the Six Truths—the Truth of Prohibition, Betrayal, Creation, and Divine," both the women answered one by one.

"That’s all?" Vritra asked again.

"Yes." Fiona and Vanessa nodded, wondering if they were missing something.

’It is just as I thought. Anyway, Fiona also has the physique and bloodline of the Phoenix Queen, but she still doesn’t remember it. So wifey, how can you remember so much about one of the Six Truths?’ he asked.

"I don’t know either. After knowing that, I just never forgot it," Yasmine answered, sounding just as confused.

"Sigh, let’s put all that aside for now. Don’t talk about it and just forget we ever had this conversation," Vritra said, and the three women nodded.

These topics were sensitive enough to bring down continents within moments.

Vritra rested for a while longer. It was already past evening and the sky was turning dark. Vanessa and the others were ready for dinner, but Vritra decided to go meet the king and give him the sad news of him leaving the kingdom.

Though for Henry, this might be the best news of his life.

Leaving the room, Vritra headed outside. While passing through one of the corridors, he faintly caught sight of some young man training hard outside even at this time.

’How hard-working...’ Vritra thought as he continued to walk, but paused when that man seemed a bit familiar. He looked around and found that it was the crown prince.

He was bare-chested and covered in sweat, doing heavy exercise.

"Poor prince had his heart shattered by a woman—or rather a man—so he is hitting the gym now." Vritra then continued to walk forward. Maybe this incident might just make him a real hard worker.

Arriving in front of Henry’s room, Vritra was about to kick the door open, but remembering the last disgusting scene, he decided not to.

Instead, he tapped on the door.

KNOCK KNOCK

There was no sound from inside.

KNOCK KNOCK

After a minute, an annoyed voice sounded from inside and the door was pushed open from within: "Which bastard dares to disturb me this late in the night? I am going to cut you to pieces if you don’t have a good reason—Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!!"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...