Chapter 186: A Bad Feeling

After eating food at the hotel, the group of four strolled in the market for a while before returning to their rooms. Even though their current routine seemed a bit repetitive, they all enjoyed it as this time was very relaxing with no direct threats or dangers.

The next day was going to be free, and Vritra planned to spend half his time with his mother and the other half with Fiona. He wanted Diana to starve more until even her shame couldn’t stop her from asking for it.

Vritra and Vanessa took baths after returning to their room and then lay on the bed, talking about various things. He didn’t know why, but Vritra seemed to have a premonition that the arrival of the king might lead to some kind of conflict—his luck was just so bad.

Burying his face into her warm and soft boobs, Vritra hugged her body tightly. The two lay completely naked under the sheet, and they were completely comfortable with this level of intimacy. They no longer cared if it was a taboo or not.

Vritra rubbed his lips against her smooth skin and began to speak in a low voice: "You know mom, when I fell in that trap inside the labyrinth. It was Max’s group and those guards that forced me to jump inside—"

"What?!! Those assholes, I am going to kill—hmm, but I think they are all dead? Sigh, why didn’t you tell me about it sooner, I would have torn them apart with my own hands." Vanessa bubbled in rage, imagining thousands of ways she would have tortured and killed those sons of bitches.

"Haha, yeah, almost all of them are dead. Only one is alive and well... he should be having the time of his life with some old guy, but he will be dead soon. Anyway, all of them have been taken care of. After falling into that trap, I fought a lot of demons, that’s why my level rose so quickly in such a short time." Vritra explained all this to his mother.

He even told her a bit about his mythic halo but without going into too much detail. After all, too much knowledge can sometimes attract trouble—he wasn’t sure exactly how, but Yasmine advised him so.

They talked for a bit longer before falling asleep. Vanessa was extremely happy that they were getting closer. She hugged him tightly as Vritra latched onto her nipple and drank her sweet, hot milk like a baby as he fell asleep.

***

The next day passed quite wonderfully. Vritra first went out with Fiona and toured the city, as the two shared different things about themselves with one another. This type of interaction made them love each other even more.

Fiona also loved that Vritra was sharing various moments of his life that she had no idea about. She was getting to know him more and fell even deeper for him, loving every part of him.

Of course, Vritra also got to know many things about Fiona, like her life and interests back on Earth—how she loved music and daily went to her cousin to learn instruments, many things that happened after they had arrived in the Dunshire Kingdom.

And so on...

The two spent over half the day together. Vritra wanted to make their relationship as close as between him and Yasmine or between him and Vanessa before they took the next step of their relationship.

After returning from his date, Vritra didn’t pay much attention to Diana, even though it seemed she had something to say—something that she desperately needed—but the goddess couldn’t bring herself to directly speak her desires. Her face burned with shame whenever she gathered the courage to do so.

After parting from Fiona, Vritra went to his mother. The two of them went out as well. He knew that she completely supported his relationship with Fiona and even with Diana, but he didn’t plan to decrease their time together because of his other relationships.

He left Bobby behind to protect the two women as he went out with his mother. The pair of mother and son had a great time outside, and they didn’t return until it was late in the night.

Since the next day was going to be the finale of the competition, Vritra and Vanessa kept their training session short—after making a new experience in a beautiful place Vritra booked just for the two of them.

After returning, they fell asleep, their breaths and dreams entangling with one another.

***

The next day came quite quickly. The good times always pass fast after all.

After dressing up and eating breakfast, Vritra and the three women walked towards the colosseum.

"Honey, will you be fine?" Vanessa asked. Today, he was going to fight against at least one legion-ranked warrior—or maybe even more—so she was naturally worried.

"Of course, I will be fine. At most I will lose, then we can just look for that stone elsewhere. It’s nothing serious." Vritra said with a calm expression, though a bad feeling was rising in his heart. It wasn’t related to his match, but something else entirely.

Still, his calm appearance made the three beautiful ladies feel relaxed. Their faces were covered with veils, but they were still catching so many gazes from all around.

It didn’t take long before they arrived at the colosseum, where the crowd seemed even higher than the previous matches. There should be up to fifty thousand spectators, and the entire place was flooded with people—only a few seats remained.

"Just be safe, honey. It is fine even if you lose the map, and you can’t reveal that to anyone." Vanessa said before whispering the last part into his ear.

"I will jump to help you out and blast all your opponents, so don’t worry and beat the shit out of them all." Fiona said, making pew pew pew gestures in the air.

"Haha, sure, but make sure you don’t toast them up. We can’t kill anyone, remember?" Vritra laughed and lightly pinched her soft cheek.

"I know you will win." Diana said, a dazzling smile appearing on her face under the veil.

"Alright, I will be going now." Vritra said and watched the three ladies enter the colosseum. After they had found their seats, he walked away from there.

’Just what could go wrong at a time like this... or did I become too paranoid? Sigh...’ Vritra sighed and arrived at the entrance. There was no line today since there were only twenty participants.

"I completely believe in your bad luck. Trouble is always building around you. And somehow, you are always at its centre. Haa, hubby, now you are making even me feel anxious." Yasmine said, shaking her head.

After a round of questions and checking, Vritra made his way into the hall. He saw the other nineteen men were standing in a horizontal line in front of a man in his thirties who wore expensive and flashy clothes.

"Oh, our great commander Jin Woo is here." The flashy man spoke, his voice full of arrogance as if he owned the world.

’Is this it?’ Vritra wondered as he walked towards the group and looked at the other participants questioningly.

"Jin Woo, what are you doing? He is the prince—pay your respect." One of the young men said.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...