Chapter 427: The Voromir Realm

"H- He was a demon all along? That pig is actually a pig demon!"

All the people were shocked at first, and then all of it turned into anger; they really wanted to tear him apart.

"You bastard, don’t believe him! He is the real demon, he is fooling you all! He has even kidnapped my fiancée! He is the rea—"

SMASH

An egg landed straight on Ziggy’s face as people became even more enraged.

"How dare you call him a demon, he is the direct messenger of the god, the god’s hand who has come here to pass judgment!"

"Don’t you dare say anything about him! I will cut you apart myself!"

Vritra just relaxed, enjoying getting so many sin points. The numbers were really becoming absurd as the messages kept flashing in front of him again and again.

"Alright, game starts, hurry and kill those bastards. Especially that demon bastard!"

Vritra said quickly as he remained in the air, just to get sin points while enjoying the good show.

What happened after that was just too comedic; all the people targeted Piggy, and no matter how he said the truth, no one believed him.

Vritra wouldn’t let the game become boring no matter what, but this day, as nearly six hundred of them had died, he ended the event a bit early.

Since there were two things he planned to do—to get even more audience and make it even grander.

At around four, the game ended. Ziggy, of course, survived; Vritra wasn’t going to let him die just yet.

Putting the test subjects into his dimensional book, he watched as all the audience left, giving him sin points until the moment they had walked a bit far.

"Alright foxie, now it is time to go to your home and beat your brother’s ass up, and while we are at it, we can also put your stepmother in her place."

Vritra spoke, as Maeve obediently stood beside him, enjoying his gentle caress on her head.

"Yes master~" she said, almost purring like a cute cat, then returning to her senses, she added, "But if I go there, that fat mother of Raelion will sense my presence."

"Not when you are with me," Vritra said, as if this was a small matter, the fox demon gazing at him with a dreamy look.

After thinking for a moment, he looked into the empty sky and flew higher, removing the barrier from around them.

General Sirius was still lingering around.

"Hello General, thank you for being here. You might not know, but your presence gives me a sense of security," Vritra said, shaking hands with the general.

"Haha, as if. I can tell you just might be stronger than me, but it is quite rare to find such a well-mannered kid nowadays despite being so strong," Sirius laughed heartily, then added,

"About those people, you don’t have to worry about them. They were returned to their homes and given enough money and other resources.

The emperor even put several guards to patrol around their homes. Oh also, the emperor is really happy with your work."

Vritra nodded, quite impressed by the general’s righteousness. In this world, he just might be the only man who was so selfless and thought of others before himself.

"General, if it’s no burden to you, can you please deliver this to the emperor? I am sure he will be thrilled after reading this." Vritra said as he handed him the scroll.

"Alright, I can do that. You are doing a great job—though your methods might be a bit strange—but you are a good man."

Sirius nodded before turning around and flying away.

Now only Vritra and Maeve were left there. Onest had gone on a small mission given by Vritra along with Bullo and Shitless.

"Now tell me, which door is it that leads to that realm?" Vritra turned and questioned.

This might be his first serious fight against someone powerful, and he was going to get the most out of it.

"Let me lead you there, master~" Maeve nodded, and without wasting a moment, the two flew away.

Vritra used Forbidden to erase any sort of her presence; not even the queen of the Voromir Kingdom, who had Maeve’s life flame, would be able to sense her.

...

"This right here is the door." Maeve flew a vast distance from the Ghazi City and the City of the Clouds.

After crossing many cities, they arrived over a vast forest that spread over nearly a thousand miles at least.

Somewhere deep in the forest, there was a big pond, and somewhere inside it was the door of the realm.

"Oh, do we have to get in the pond?" Vritra asked. He tried to sense it, but without Nether Eye, he couldn’t do it.

"No need, I have the key," Maeve said and pulled a fist-sized white stone from her inventory. It had strange patterns drawn all over it.

As she pointed it towards the pond and filled it with her mana, it began to glow, and within moments, a big door emerged out of the pond.

"Oh, not bad." Vritra nodded.

The two jumped closer to the door, standing over the surface of the water.

As she pressed the stone against it, the door opened.

And the two entered the Voromir Kingdom.

***

Yennefer finally arrived inside the Cloud Realm.

She would have come sooner had it not been to get more info related to Vritra’s matter from the Golden Moon.

But upon arriving in the arena, she didn’t find anyone; there was no program going on as she had heard.

"Did it end already?" she wondered and confirmed her doubts with some passerby.

"Sigh, I was too late, I hope he is fine. I can only wait until tomorrow, I guess." Feeling disappointed, she flew away.

Each moment away from Vritra now was like torture; she was desperate to be with him, to feel him, and to get his love again.

***

"..." Vritra silently gazed around at this new realm; he was a bit curious about this place.

The whole place was a bit dark, with distant cries ringing at all times.

The houses were all in bad shape as if a storm had passed by there.

And quite a lot of demons were going on with their lives.

There were all sorts of demons; some were far away even from the imagination.

"Well, it is quite similar to how I expected it," Vritra mumbled; both of their presences were completely hidden.

"Who are you?" There were a few guards stationed near the door who hurriedly charged towards them.

"Let’s go straight to meet your mother first. You know the location of your life flame?" Vritra questioned, ignoring the guards.

"Not exactly, but I know she has kept it very close to her. Will we really be fine? This is their place, and who knows what sort of traps and other things they have set up here," Maeve asked worriedly.

She was worried that her mother might use others to hurt Vritra, but after thinking, it was actually quite hard to hurt him.

"Hubby, don’t you worry, I will do my best to let you know of any trap in advance. Hide me, I want to come out too," Yasmine spoke.

She was so bored not being able to come out at all.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...