Chapter 487: The Yates

The five monarchs refers to the heads of the five strongest planets on the planet.

One family being the Fords, which was previously ruled by Sir Giant, but he stepped down from his position as the monarch.

Allowing his son to rule the family next, but after his son died, his grandson took over the family.

Sir Giant only had one son, but two grandsons and a granddaughter.

One grandson being Darius, who had died not long ago, and the other was Shen Ford, who ruled their family currently.

Shen had two children, a boy and a girl, namely Rich and Tiny.

It was Tiny for whom they had been searching husband candidates through the competitions in all the kingdoms.

Although it got delayed because of the war, very soon, the marriage trials were about to begin.

All five families lived in their own separate realm.

There was another family which could be said to be the strongest of the five, but it had started to decline in recent years.

After the son of the family monarch disappeared.

It was the Yate family. They weren’t even able to participate in the war over two years ago because of ongoing troubles.

Inside the Yate realm, a group of five soldiers wearing heavy armors entered a labyrinth.

"All four of the other families used to be scared of us but now our family has lost all the power and reputation." One of the guards spoke, sighing loudly.

Passing through the labyrinth door, the group of five began to go to the lower floors.

All of them had already cleared all the floors and now needed to go there for their regular inspection.

"Man, if things continue like this, our Yate family will be crushed by others." Another added.

After the son of the monarch disappeared, the monarch used a lot of resources and manpower to search for him.

His wife’s health deteriorated and that was just the start of the decline.

"If only we had a young lord as talented as Rich or those young masters from other families, they are all already so accomplished."

"And our family is filled with those scheming little snakes, ready to kill others and eyeing the next monarch’s position. None of them are even talented." Another mumbled in disappointment.

Checking one floor after another, the group continued forward, soon they were halfway to the end.

"Yeah, it’s already been years since the young master disappeared, it is now time to move on. If our monarch doesn’t do anything, we might have to join another family." Said one of the guards.

It wasn’t long before they arrived at the final floor. Most demons inside wouldn’t bother attacking them, their strength was too high.

"Anyway, nothing we can do about the family situation. What do you say we beat up the final boss of the labyrinth, let us let out some steam."

One suggested, and all agreed. Even the final boss was too weak for them, they would just play around with the boss before killing it.

Without wasting any time, the group entered, and... saw a scene they hadn’t expected.

The corpse of the boss lay there in pieces, still fresh, evident that it was killed not long ago.

"Huh? We didn’t see anyone leaving, so who could have killed it?" The five looked around in confusion before one of them spoke while pointing towards a corner:

"Is that a person?"

"Hmm, there is indeed someone, did he faint after defeating the demon? Did he come here alone or were his teammates killed?" They muttered before getting closer and looking at him closely.

Long black hair, pale and smooth skin, wearing a black outfit which seemed to be giving off a dangerous feeling.

"Oh! I have never seen him around here before, such a pretty guy lived here?" One of the guys muttered in surprise.

"Or maybe he sneaked inside?"

"Let’s just bring him out for now, after he wakes up we will begin our interrogation." After coming to a conclusion, the group carefully picked the guy up and made their way out of the labyrinth.

After putting him in a room under strict observation, they informed their superior.

...

The monarch of the Yate family sat alone in his room, staring mindlessly into the empty air.

With each passing day the condition of his wife was getting worse, and there was no sign of his son.

If nothing was done, then not only would he lose his wife but even the entire family.

He had long brown hair and a strong body with well developed muscles, his face covered by a big beard which made him appear invincible.

He kept sighing every few minutes, all paths seemed to be closing.

And by now, even he believed that his son might already be dead, maybe some other family had him assassinated.

KNOCK

There was a light knock at the door which finally pulled the man out of his thoughts.

"Sir, we have found a boy in the labyrinth and he um, I think he resembles our young master who disappeared over ten years ago." One of the commanders spoke, pulling out a photo from his pocket.

Every member of the family carried this photo so they wouldn’t end up forgetting the young master, Art’s face.

On the photo was a six year old kid whose entire face was covered by long bangs, his black hair resembling his mother’s.

"Really?!! Where is he? Bring me to him right away." Gunter suddenly got up, in his surprise he knocked off the table and chair.

"Y- Yes, he is currently unconscious and staying in one of the guards’ house." The commander said, then led Gunter to the house.

The two men quickly arrived at the house, and upon entering they saw the young man lying on the bed.

"T- That’s..." Gunter stared at his face, which was half covered by the long hair.

"I- Is he our young master?" The commander asked, though the possibility was extremely low.

’Is this truly my son?’ Gunter couldn’t come to a conclusion, he was way too young when he disappeared.

The monarch wasn’t sure if it truly was his son or not, but he made a choice.

"Yes, finally, I have found my son. This is Art!! Spread the news, the young master has been found." Gunter announced, his voice full of joy.

"It really is our young master Art?!! Y- Yes sir, I will immediately spread this news. And should I tell this to madam?" The commander asked.

"No, I will personally go tell her. Ask the healers to safely bring Art to his room and treat him if he received any injuries." Gunter instructed.

"Yes sir!!" The commander nodded and immediately got to work.

Gunter stared at that face with deep emotions, truly, he wasn’t sure if it was really his son or not.

But even if he was not, he had to do things this way, maybe with this his wife would be saved.

The guy in question was of course Vritra. In the span of over two years, his new body had been successfully constructed.

But his mind still wandered through two of the six truths, finally meeting with the Divine.

Finding how insignificant everything had been, what sort of dangerous beings lurk outside the planet.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...