Chapter 495: Beating

The hall fell silent for a few moments, then they all burst out in angry roars.

How could they allow someone who had just returned to the family to look down upon them and talk in such an insulting manner.

"You might be the son of the monarch but nothing gives you the right to insult me or my brothers." One from among the crowd stood up, his body trembling.

Then he looked at others and shouted: "Brothers and sisters, please let me teach him a lesson in your place."

It might seem like family love but they all knew since Art himself had said it so the first to hit him would be declared the next monarch.

Not even Gunter could refuse it later since he didn’t object.

While the current monarch had a deep frown over his face, was this truly alright? His son didn’t really seem like an idiot so what was he planning?

Could it be he didn’t want the seat at all.

’I hope you have something planned for this.’ Gunter remained silent, even though Vritra losing would be utterly shameful for him but for some reason he trusted him.

"No, I will be the one going!" Ray stood up but in the next instant his father gripped his hair and jerked his head back, pulling him to sit back on his seat.

"Stay silent, if I so much as hear your voice, you three will have your ass whooped." Sid said.

"Brothers, let me fight. It is just impossible for him to be the monarch."

"You stupid bastard, why isn’t it possible? Why not?" Sid shouted, soon he was dragged out of there along with his kids.

In hurry, several young men and women jumped from their seats, throwing away any pretence of decorum or respect.

"I will be the next monarch."

Within moments, over fifty people had gathered before Vritra, all looking at him as if he was their mortal enemy.

"Well then, attack." Vritra took a wooden sword from a guard nearby and stood with one of his arms behind his back.

At this disrespect, they became even more riled up and angry.

Many even took out their weapons to attack but feeling the deadly glare from Gunter they silently put them away.

"Brothers, let me punish him for you all." The first guy was at the forefront as he smiled hideously and launched a full-power punch towards Vritra which would certainly injure him badly.

"..." Vritra contemplated something for a moment as he gazed at the small army of mad young masters, who would do anything to become the monarch.

Then faint traces of his mana climbed onto the sword, glowing with different lights but none could see that.

His strength was more than enough to hurt them really badly but this mana would cling to their bodies and no matter what potion they drank, they wouldn’t be healed for a year or two.

"Forgive me young master, but you need some manners. And as your elder brother, this is my duty." The first guy’s punch arrived before Vritra.

He was only at the sixth legion and was certainly bad at fighting.

Shaking his head, Vritra tapped over his shoulders, elbow, wrists, knees and neck so fast that no one was able to see the movement of his hand.

The broken guy’s fist passed through the empty air, his body instinctively taking a couple steps forward before he just fell down.

But all others were in a rush, none noticed that one of them had been taken out already.

Or the fact how his arms, legs and neck had been twisted, though he was alive he wouldn’t be able to move at all for quite some time.

"Art, remember we used to play together when you were younger? I will go easy on you and share your burden, so take this!" The second guy kicked towards Vritra with the same ferocity.

Vritra continued to move forward slowly, his right hand moving at extreme speed and faint tapping noises along with the sound of bones snapping mixed with their collective shouts.

They rushed at him from all directions, but it was just too easy, only one among the younger generation had reached the general rank.

It was the eldest among Art’s cousins, the son of Max.

Kicks, punches, or wooden weapons all were launched towards Vritra, with only one thought in their minds.

"Fuck, just one hit, let me hit you once. I will even let you have my girl, I have to become the next monarch!!"

But in the moment, Vritra folded the guy with the stick as he continued to move efficiently among the crowd.

A woman tried to sneak attack from behind, but the stick landed over its mark perfectly, throwing her away as she lay all twisted over the ground.

If it was before then he really might have gone easy on them, but now, he didn’t really feel anything.

He didn’t outright kill these cousins and uncles since he still needed to find Yennefer.

"W- What? How... How is he beating all of us- ughhh cough" finally they began to notice how Vritra was easily beating them all up.

Then they looked at the dozen bodies fallen over the ground and shivered, all of them looked so twisted and broken.

They hadn’t just fainted, their limbs and even backbone were in a really bad condition.

"A- A monster!!" Few teenagers had lost their chances to jump in the fighting area or just didn’t want to compete.

They looked at the scene in complete shock, from the start Vritra was moving around casually, they couldn’t even see how his right arm was moving.

And one by one, all of the proud young masters from the Yate family fell.

"H- He was this strong all along?" Gunter was even more baffled, even he couldn’t see how Vritra’s arm was moving, but he couldn’t believe that Vritra had reached the lord rank yet.

So it just must be some special skill.

The parents of the injured men and women rose to their feet, shock and rage bubbling over.

Most held back from jumping there and attacking Vritra because of Gunter but one of the men whose sons got beaten at first couldn’t hold back.

"You bastard, I am going to kill you!!" Roaring madly, he jumped out of his seat and pulled out his sword, pouncing towards Vritra.

Vritra didn’t even turn to look as Gunter appeared before the charging man, his hands moved at high speed, and then...

CLANG

THUD

The sword and arm of one of his cousins fell to the ground before the man could register.

Then he too fell down and began to roll around, screaming as pain flooded out.

"No one is allowed to disturb this fight, they joined with their choices and now have to face the consequences." Gunter warned, looking at all his cousins.

Then asked one of the guards to drag the one-handed man.

By now, no one among the younger generation dared to attack Vritra, the ones who had foolishly jumped inside were now running for their lives.

Yet, Vritra showed absolutely no mercy, not allowing anyone to escape and within a few moments, over fifty of them were lying twisted, broken and unconscious.

Their parents seething with rage.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...