Chapter 602 Disaster

Vritra stared wide-eyed at the surroundings, the sudden change shocking them all.

"I- Is this normal?" Yennefer stared at all sorts of strange mutated creatures, feeling that the world had really changed while she was away.

"Of course not, I am seeing all this for the first time too." Vritra replied, breathing in the cold air as he calmed down a bit.

They continued to fly, taking in all the changes; it wasn't just the beasts and plants that were impacted.

The group of eight suddenly paused as they heard a loud bang from inside a house, a strong scent of blood filling the air.

"…" After a moment they all saw a grotesque figure munching over human flesh, two torn dead bodies lying beside the mutated man.

One was a man while the other a woman, the three seemed to be a family; while faint frightened sounds could be heard from inside the house.

Vritra frowned, the world really seemed to be going to shit.

The mutated man had transformed into an ugly monster, hearing the faint sound, it suddenly turned to look towards the house.

Frantically running inside as the teens hiding inside screamed in dread.

But before the monster could reach them, its head exploded.

Vritra looked around, right now they were over a village and such scenes could be seen all over the place.

"Husband, this…" Teresa stared wide-eyed at the gruesome and cruel scene.

After going mad and turning into monsters, these people were even killing and devouring their own families.

They were like zombies, only more grotesque, powerful and deadly.

Teresa, the kindest and most unfortunate person to exist, felt her heart ache at this sight. She wanted to help them, but dealing with such mutant humans and beasts wouldn't be easy all over the continents.

"Let's continue, we need to find more before we can do anything." Vritra said with a grim expression.

But for now, he used dust manipulation and killed all mutated humans, but this method was certainly not effective.

More humans could mutate, the mutated beasts could also barge into the village.

All the people were already surviving with difficulty because of the cold, and now this.

On their way back, Vritra and his wives killed quite a few mutated creatures, they weren't even sure if they could be cured.

But protecting others was important now, even if they didn't care much about others, none of them could just stand and do nothing when so many innocents were being torn apart.

Before long they arrived at their House of Darkness, all of them were confused and shocked.

"Hubby, can you ask Divine about all this?" Yasmine asked, she now knew that Divine was actually her brother, but without her past memories she felt nothing towards him.

"I will try." Vritra nodded, he could tell that all over the planet, such changes were occurring everywhere.

'Divine?' he called out but received no response, making him feel annoyed and angry.

After calling out a few more times, Vritra just shook his head.

"We can find out about the cause and such later, first we should try to stop those monsters." Diana spoke, feeling powerless, not wanting to just stand by and do nothing.

"Since these strange mutations seem to be caused by those spores, first we need to stop them from coming in contact with any living creature." Vanessa pondered and spoke.

"Teresa, weren't you working on something like that?" Fiona looked at Teresa and questioned.

"Yes, though it is not complete yet." Teresa answered, a sad look on her face.

"Husband, at the base of Golden Moon, there is a device that could put everyone to sleep temporarily as long as enough energy is provided." Yennefer spoke at this moment.

After being a part of Golden Moon previously, she obviously knew a lot about it.

"Yeah, if we can delay this all even by a little, we would have time to prepare something." Fiona nodded.

"Okay, let's go there right away. Yenni come with me. Tess, how long will it take for you to prepare the protective barrier?" Vritra questioned seriously.

He doubted that the Divine Kage, the only powerful organization left, would help others.

"At least a day, and even then there will be a few requirements to use it." Teresa replied after thinking for a moment.

"Can that device put them to sleep for a day?" Vritra questioned, and Yennefer nodded.

"Okay, we will be going out then." Vritra held Yennefer's hand, though it was nothing like before.

"We will clear the surrounding area for now, oh right, why don't we also use all these guards? We have over four thousand lord rank knights." Fiona suggested.

"Okay, you take care of it, but since we don't know if these people could be cured, try to capture them alive for now." Vritra instructed and then turned to leave, giving control of the house and guards to Yasmine, Vanessa, Diana and Fiona.

"Honey, be careful." Vanessa called out from behind, despite knowing his strength she couldn't help but worry, all this was too absurd.

"I will be fine, mom." Vritra nodded towards his wives and then disappeared.

Teresa quickly got busy and the others did the same.

…

Vritra and Yennefer teleported close to the main base of Golden Moon but since all six seats were dead, the base was in quite chaos.

There were still many members left who hadn't gone to the marriage. Vritra didn't bother with them and followed Yennefer.

Using the Lost skill, none present could even see him even if he were to pass by them.

The location of that device was actually well hidden, soon the two entered a room where a metallic statue was present.

Yennefer quickly floated forward and instructed Vritra to operate it.

"Husband, start by moving its hand upwards, precisely by eleven centimetres and then tilt it to 30 degrees. The key is hidden here."

Soon, the faceless statue stood before Vritra with both hands stretched and pointed upwards.

At the same time, in thousands of locations, the ground trembled and then broke as high towers began to rise.

Vritra was surprised by all this arrangement, the Golden Moon really held quite a lot of power.

Within a few minutes, thousands of tall towers with inverted mushroom heads rose, appearing a bit like mobile network towers but bigger.

Vritra then asked: "What now?"

"Now we need to inject mana into this statue through its hand. But even a dozen lords' energy might not be enough to use all that, do you have any treas-"

Before Yennefer could finish speaking, Vritra placed his palms over the statue's and allowed the energy to rush out.

"Wait husband, this could be dangerous, you can't-" worry appeared on Yennefer's face as she tried to stop him but then paused.

She sensed an overwhelming amount of mana flowing into the statues, shocking her. She was yet to know about his power up.

All the towers started to buzz at the same time, releasing a high frequency sound.

The lords weren't affected by it, but all other humans, beasts and even plants which had grown consciousness started to faint.

Vritra maintained the connection for a few minutes, he wasn't short on energy. Only after the process was complete did he finally let go.

"Are you okay?" Yennefer stepped closer to Vritra, now that the immediate situation was resolved, she looked at his face longingly.

"I am." Vritra smiled faintly, sighing in relief.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...