Chapter 646 The Healer

"Alright pitiful one, don't you worry." Shitless nodded as he got up and walk out.

'Maybe that creature just want to keep the monk away, even using its energy to keep Shitless asleep.' Vritra thought, even mutants hated this guy.

They would rather starve than steal energy from him, for a moment pity rose in his heart as he watched Shitless walk away.

'Sigh poor guy, he is meant to be alone. Or maybe, some mutant might really accept him.' Shaking his head, Vritra walking out.

He also put Onest to sleep by removing the vein.

He felt a chill just thinking of what has been happening here, and nearly two weeks have already passed.

What was even more terrifying was the thing that surrounded that entire base.

'It feels like I am inside a horror movie.' Vritra felt very tired and sleepy, but fighting all the urges, he ran towards Peter's tent.

If he hadn't gotten control back, they all might have just died without even knowing anything.

This mutant was truly horrifying.

"Stop! What are you doing here this late?" the guards questioned.

"Is the general here?" Vritra clenched his fists, the whole place was too dreadful.

People were just standing all over the place, swaying back and forth.

Even the guards had those veins attached to their foreheads.

"Who is it?" surprised voice of the general sounded from inside.

"It is Adam, general." The soldier said, stepping back as peter walked out of his tent, still wearing his military uniform.

'He is affected too!' Vritra saw the big dark circles under his eyes, he too hadn't slept for a long time it seemed.

"Oh Adam, tell me what is it? Did you need anything?" peter smiled and questioned.

"Yes, where is that doctor who checked us before? There is something I want to discuss with you both." Vritra replied, he held the spear.

"You want to see Aria? Sure, follow me, if she isn't asleep we can talk." Peter said and led Vritra away, making small talks while walking.

"This, here is her house." Peter said as he turned and pointed but was surprised upon noticing that Vritra wasn't walking beside him.

The general looked back and saw him frozen few steps away, a strange look on his face.

"What's wrong? Didn't you want to talk to the doc? Hmm?" peter asked, confused.

While Vritra gulped heavily, feeling goosebumps all over, since when have he been under the control of this monster?

When he entered, the doctor had her face covered, so he wasn't able to see her properly.

But what stood in front of the doctor's tent was far from what he expected.

It wasn't even human.

There stood a person with two head, a grotesque mess of flesh and organs, appearing completely broken.

One head belonged to a man and the other was a woman's, and Vritra recognized them both very well.

One was Gary and the other was Mira, the siblings he had seen before except, they looked to be in forties here, not the youngsters he saw before.

Vritra felt disturbed, his mind aching so badly and everything stopped making sense.

"Doc Aria, Adam has come to meet you, are you awake?" Peter called out in a sleepy tone.

"Oh, I am awake. Hello general and… Adam, what a handsome guy, tell me how can I help you?" aria turned to face Vritra.

Both the heads had strange flowers blooming over them, the area above the nose wasn't present and their strange looking brains were completely visible.

The flowers were then connected to the ceiling.

'W- Whoa, even a mutant praised me- anyway, this place is completely fucked! I have to escape asap!' Vritra thought, he wondered if cutting this doctor would help.

He felt if Yasmine was here she would definitely make the joke: 'She clearly doesn't have eyes hehe.'

"Uhm I wanted to ask something." Vritra started speaking while slipping back very subtly, so no one notice that, then he continued:

"You asked if I have the healing ability, if someone possess it. But I know someone who do possess healing ability." Vritra said, fully focussed on observing the monster before him.

The lips on both heads trembled suddenly, a crazed twisted smile appearing on them.

"Oh, who is it?" she asked in a calm tone.

YAWN

Vritra yawned and looked at them in confusion: "Huh? Who is what?"

"You were just mentioning something about a healer?" she urged, urgency in her voice.

"I was? when?" Vritra gave a strange look, playing the trick back at it.

"Just now you mentioned it!!" she said, sounding more pissed.

"Huh? I mentioned what?" Vritra looked more confused.

"The healer damnit, you said you know one. Tell me, where is the healer?" she practically screamed this time, showing how badly they wanted to find a healer.

"I said that? I don't know any healer YAWN why would I mention a healer." he said yawning.

"How can I know that? Then why the hell did you say it?!!" the doctor was trembling, as if wanting to attack him.

"What did I say?" Vritra tilted his head in confusion.

"The healer!!" she screamed.

"Oh right, the healer I remember now, I know one powerful healer!!" Vritra suddenly spoke, the strange creature before him became excited again.

"Hurry up tell me!!" she said.

"Huh? Tell you what? Doc, did you want something from me?" Vritra rage baited the creature and it really seemed very mad.

"THE HEALER!! YOU CAME HERE TO TALK!! Damnit, Peter, take him away!" unable to hold on, she screamed, scratching her own flesh.

'Looks like this mutant needs a strong healer desperately, I can't let it find about Diana. And it seems to be controlling this body, it doesn't seem killing it will kill the mutant.' Vritra thought, as he started walking away hurriedly.

Peter nodded and then followed appearing confused.

Vritra arrived back at the tent, Shitless was till guarding outside.

"Did you find anything? This place is strange…" Shitless muttered, his skin still just as red and eyes bulging.

'Two weeks have passed and he still looks like it, will he stay like this forever?' Vritra thought then patted his shoulder.

"It's fine, you will always be my friend, even if you look uglier than this- though that's not really possible anyway, we have to leave this wretched place."

Vritra spoke, it would be better if he can kill this thing if not just escaping is fine.

It's stats were over 100, of course not all, it had evolved into something strange.

'Looks like, everyone undergoes a big evolution after reaching 100% mutation.' It should still be physically weak, if I can find the weak spot, then killing it will be possible.

"Shitless, go around and see if you can find anything strange, we have to kill this monster." Vritra said, since Shitless was relatively immune, he would be a great help.

He healed into the tent and saw all his wives sleeping, all of them seemed free from the mutant's influence momentarily.

"Alright if nothing works, I will just smash everything, that always works." He said determined to protect them all.

A strong hatred rising in his heart at the memory of seeing wounds on his wives' foreheads.

Whether now or later he was going to kill it.

Vritra waited and soon Shitless ran back, appearing very excited.

❖❖❖

"PITIFUL ONE, IT IS… IT IS… NOT A MUTANT!!" HE SHOUTED.

Thanks for reading...