Chapter 603 Reconstruction

All over the continents, everyone whether mutated or not suddenly started fainting.

Fiona and the others who were busy saving people understood that Vritra had succeeded, as they finally relaxed.

They quickly locked up all the mutated humans, beasts and trees.

Inside the room of Golden Moon, Vritra and Yennefer stood close, both happy to finally have each other back.

Releasing a long breath, Vritra calmed himself, as he turned and held both of Yennefer's hands, looking at her face tenderly.

"Yenni, my lovely wife, I am really glad to have you back. And I promise, never ever will I let you get hurt in the future, I am sorry that I failed to protect you." Vritra said, his expression a bit sad.

Her absence had weighed quite heavily over his heart, he was ready to do almost anything to just have her back.

"Don't blame yourself for it, that was my choice and even again I would make the same choice. You are far more important to me than anything, I can afford losing my life but not you."

While speaking she leaned forward, pressing her face against his chest.

"Hmm I love you, although you are already my wife but will you marry me?" Vritra asked as he took out a ring.

Both could feel each other's intense emotions, the love and obsession.

A beautiful smile blossomed over the empress's face, her heart full of sweetness.

She was the empress of Vritra's heart, a truly wonderful woman and the best wife.

"Yes, yes husband. I want to, even if you didn't ask I would have just abducted you and hehe" Yennefer chuckled, as memories of their first encounter returned.

She was really happy with her past self for making the decisions she did.

"But about this ring, can you hold onto it for now? I will take it back as soon as I have my body." Yennefer said, she really wished to wear it, and jump into his embrace.

Kiss him, and seal their love pact. But all that would have to wait for now.

"Okay I will, but just know, no one could ever take your place in my heart. I would never even think of replacing you with anyone." Vritra spoke, looking at his empress with a possessive look.

The two stayed in the room together for a bit longer, loving each and every moment they spent together.

Vritra and Yennefer then flew back together, holding hands while talking.

Vritra and Yennefer then flew back together, holding hands while talking.

"Yenni, I have already found a way to reconstruct your body, we should work on that first." Vritra spoke, while his head was filled with confusion about the sudden changes.

It seemed to be the beginning of something ominous, with their strength they could still control things but what if in the future, things just kept going wrong.

Vritra really wished Divine would explain things but for some reason he just wouldn't reply.

"Thank you husband, I… know about the situation with Teresa now. Although it was not your fault but I can only forgive you if you promise to marry me properly too, giving me an even grander ceremony."

Yennefer said, feeling that with him, she could face any challenges.

'I really thought I would never be able to see him again…' She didn't even want to remember that feeling, at that time she felt so hurt.

"Oh right, where is that demoness, don't tell me she left you?" Yennefer asked suddenly.

"No, she is undergoing an evolution right now and should be out soon." Vritra replied.

If these changes weren't related to the trial or games then who was responsible for all this?

Was it some god or demi god? Or did the evil organization of this planet also play some role?

He wondered and decided to first clean up the planet, these pests were better off dead.

While moving back Vritra sensed the souls of Oracle and the Divine Kage had all been devoured already.

Now they were dead.

As they arrived at home, Vanessa, Fiona, Yasmine and Diana were still outside, Teresa working in another room.

The two walked out of the room and walked through the corridor.

"Wow this house sure is big and… beautiful, when did you get it husband? Haa our own house…" she imagined enjoying life with him, spending day after day being his affectionate wife.

Her cold personality quickly melted whenever she was with Vritra, all that remained was tenderness and love.

"I got it recently, well there are a lot of things you don't know about and it will take some time to go over everything." Vritra said, as they passed by Maeve's room, the two paused.

"So this is where the fox is evolving?" Yennefer asked, and Vritra nodded.

The fluctuations of energy were quite powerful from inside, it seemed she would be out very soon.

"To construct your new body, we will be using the core of a planet. Although it will take a bit more time but you will definitely be at the demi god rank by the end of it." Vritra explained.

There was also an option to quickly make her body like how it went with Yasmine but then Yennefer would have to absorb energy like others.

Not to mention, the first option was better for her.

"Hmm I just want to be with you as soon as possible. I want your hugs, kisses, cuddles and…" she paused, her eyes filled with deep emotions.

Vritra couldn't help but chuckle, Yasmine had quite the libido and could last the longest but Yennefer was different from all his wives.

The most aggressive and thirsty, the most possessive.

While talking the two walked into a room, Yennefer looked around and asked: "So my husband, how do we start it?"

"You just need to…" Vritra paused, holding back a laugh as he pulled out a coffin and added: "lie down in this coffin."

"Uh what?!!" she was seriously shocked at these words, wondering if he was joking. No way would he want to send her back to a coffin after she just returned, right?

Looking at her expression, Vritra couldn't help but laugh, wanting to pull her into his arms.

His cold and haughty wife looked quite cute.

Then he explained and finally Yennefer understood everything, shaking her head.

Vritra directly connected the core to this coffin, and after making the arrangements, he looked at his wife.

"Ready to go in?" he asked.

"Hmm how long will it take?" Yennefer asked, she really wanted to spend more time with him.

"Probably a few days, I am not exactly sure." He answered, and after thinking added: "Don't worry though, now we will be able to talk directly even as your body is getting constructed."

Using the Nihil Anima he quickly formed a bond with her soul, now they could talk without any problem.

"Mhmm then wait for me, after I am out I am gonna punish you for getting another wife in my absence." Yennefer spoke with an intense gaze.

The two talked for a while longer, reluctant to separate but this was necessary as well.

So, after a few minutes, Yennefer finally entered the coffin.

Vritra covered the room with all sorts of barriers just to make sure of her safety and even used Null to increase the passage of time.

Otherwise it might even take months for her to return.

After all this was done, it was time to clean up all the dirty organizations.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios

CHECK OUT MY: MYTHIC LEGION!!