Chapter 544 For the Greater Good

Seated in a big hall, Oracle looked over a few papers, reading various reports.

Five other seats were present there; many were killed in the previous war so most of them were new.

Except Oracle and Big Guy, all the others were new, the twins were killed, Pink was killed, and Sir Giant retired.

So four new people had taken the seats, this time Oracle selected everyone whom he could easily control.

Although the overall strength had decreased, there were no pressing threats.

"Twilight… have you discovered any of their bases yet?" he looked at the others and questioned.

Except for Big Guy, everyone was his underling, but even Big Guy, being as dumb as he was, listened to Oracle.

"Yes, we were able to locate a base inside the Quartz continent, it is near the border." One of the four replied, the four lords didn't have any say in important matters.

But they were just happy to be at such high positions.

"Good, recently the succubus and phoenix races have been out of line, they need to be disciplined." Oracle mumbled, he planned to use this chance to attack the two races through a borrowed knife.

"Your orders, sir?" one guy asked, wearing clothes too big for his size.

He too had the ability to grow into a giant, but it was nowhere near as big or strong as Sir Giant.

"Wait a little for now, I have some demons under control. We will use them, and clear all problems at once." He answered, already thinking of a plan to get rid of all threats.

He needed to pressurize all the empresses to put their strength to Golden Moon's use.

"Hmm next… oh!" Oracle suddenly exclaimed, reading the big news.

Finally, the famous witch, stealer of fate, was revealed; whoever could get her on their side, their strength would increase explosively.

"We can't let such a powerful entity be in another organization or family. So she just recently married into the Yate family."

Oracle mumbled, if his thinking wasn't wrong then the Fords wouldn't just let her go.

They would use family love, protection, or whatever reason to keep her there, he was all too familiar with such tactics.

"You, go there and bring Teresa Ford here, it wouldn't be bad to have her take Yennefer's place. There is no room for failure, she must join us.

If anyone objects, you are free to use force or kill, just don't go overboard."

Oracle ordered, after the deaths of so many people, he had increased the overall strength of the Golden Moon by a lot.

And put even more fear of the organization in people's heads.

"Her husband, Art Yates, find more information about him. He killed a lord in the blink of an eye? Interesting…" Oracle gave a few more instructions and then dismissed them all.

He had already gotten a new body for himself, even better and stronger than before, though that needed a few sacrifices for the greater good.

"It seems things are gonna become lively once again." He tried to read into the future but failed.

***

Back in the Ford realm,

Vritra was sleeping peacefully, Yasmine woke up early and left for a while to deal with something.

Her kingdom was getting better, so that place still needed her presence sometimes.

Teresa was also sleeping very comfortably, snuggling into Vritra's arms, as the two lay facing each other.

In her sleep, all her hesitation was gone, her arms were wrapped around him while her legs were entangled with his.

Her tender breasts were pressed against his body, squished softly.

Hearing the distant noises, Vritra was the first to wake up.

The moment he opened his eyes, her beautiful face greeted him, she looked so innocent and gorgeous…

He just wanted to keep her in his embrace forever and protect her from everything.

'We will be returning home today-' Vritra was just thinking, but then he realized something.

He had no home of his own yet, he had always been running from one place to another and never had a proper place to settle.

For now, they would be returning to the Yate realm, but he certainly needed a house; better than any.

Making a note of that, he remembered.

'Right, I hadn't checked that title I got yesterday, Husband of Fate Reaver.'

Without wasting a moment, he took a deep breath, treating his body with her fragrance and tightening his hug.

Then he opened the status panel and went directly to the title.

『

[Husband of Fate Reaver]

[Description]: A soul mate to the Stealer of Fate, even apart, you two remain close. Unable to ever be separate, you two weave each other's fate.

Sometimes, you could lessen her burden and be the stealer, be the knight of fate.

No one could alter your fates or see through them. As the Knight of Fate, protect the witch.

(Steal meter: 1 left)

』

Vritra read the description, a little surprised.

Of course, he was going to protect her, he no longer needed others to remind him of that.

'So I can steal fate one time? What is the way to increase that count? Anyway, do I need to find Jack now?'

Vritra gently caressed her back, absentmindedly rubbing his palms against the soft fabric.

"Mmm…" Teresa finally woke up, she let out a contented sigh; it had been so long since she had slept so well, she didn't have nightmares or was afraid of getting attacked.

Not to mention the lovely feeling of cuddling, after a moment she remembered that she was now married.

Her eyes slowly opened, displaying her black pupils which seemed empty somehow, and sensed Vritra looking at her.

Then she noticed how close the two were, it instantly made her flustered.

"Good morning, my Tess." Vritra said softly, moving one hand, he gently began to caress her head.

"G- Good morning…" because of her embarrassment, she tried to move back a bit.

"What's wrong? You don't like cuddling like this? Fine then-" Vritra let out a disappointed sigh, as he moved his arms.

But remembering the sad feeling from before, she moved closer, muttering in a hurry.

"I like it."

"That's good then." Vritra smiled and pulled her closer, he was understanding her more and more.

"Did you sleep well?" he asked, slowly running his fingers over her back, making her feel all tingly.

"Y- Yes…" she wriggled in his arms, but liked it nonetheless.

"We will be leaving this house soon, are you sad?" Vritra closed his eyes, enjoying her melodic voice like it was some song.

"…Not really, but I would miss Rich and others." Teresa replied, but if her husband was with her, then everything should be fine.

She had already given herself to him, and so far, that seemed to be the best choice.

The two just chatted for a while, not wanting to get out of bed or each other's arms just yet.

Just then, loud knocking was heard from outside.

BANG BANG

Almost as if someone was beating the door and taking their anger out on it.

Frowning, Vritra pulled back and got out of the blanket, he stretched a bit after getting to his feet.

"Oh!" Teresa sat up, looking surprised but also a bit helpless.

Vritra walked up to the door and pulled it open, as a thin woman with an ugly expression came into view.

❖❖❖