Chapter 401: Dear~

Fiona had just finished her training session; with Diana’s help, her speed of comprehension had increased even more, along with the inheritance of the first Phoenix Queen.

She was missing Vritra quite a lot already, so to pass her free time, she decided to continue learning to cook.

Back on Earth, she had just started to learn it from her mother but in the middle got summoned to this world.

Although the ingredients were quite different, there were many similarities.

Fiona was right now in the house of a new succubus friend named Layla, whom she had made recently.

Layla was a mature woman; previously she too used to be a warrior, but after the safe city was built, she very much preferred this safe life.

"You are quite the talented cook, Fiona; you are improving rather fast." Layla said, tasting the dish Fiona had just prepared.

"Let’s do the battle training after this. I heard you used to be a commander in the army," Fiona said, thinking of letting Diana, Vritra, and Vanessa taste her cooking later on.

"Yeah, it’s been quite long since I held a weapon so I might need to warm up a little first," Layla spoke, pushing her black hair back.

She took off the apron and walked out of the kitchen.

The two women soon walked towards an open field; Fiona held the staff that could also be used as a spear, while Layla held just a wooden stick.

"You can attack however you want, don’t hold back," Layla said, taking a straight posture and pointing the stick towards Fiona.

The redhead nodded; she knew there was a vast difference in their skills, so she didn’t mind her attitude.

Putting pressure on her front foot, Fiona rushed forward, raising the staff high and forming dozens of fire arrows before suddenly twisting the staff and attacking Layla’s neck.

"..." Layla was quite impressed since both of the attacks were nothing more than feints.

And just as she expected, two hands made of fire rose from the ground to grab her ankles, while a drilling fire needle stabbed towards her forehead.

"You are better than I expected," Layla said before she easily deflected the attacks with the wooden stick and simply jumped a bit to avoid getting grabbed.

Fiona wasn’t surprised; she closed in but maintained some distance since her weapon was longer, and so the practice continued.

At some point, Vritra appeared inside the city of charms; he floated in the air quietly and watched the battle.

Although Fiona’s leveling up was also quite fast, she wasn’t like those people from rich families.

Her combat skills and comprehension were rising just as rapidly; if only she was able to move around more and venture to different places, finding more treasures and opportunities.

Fiona’s strength would definitely increase even faster, but for now, that was not an option.

’Hellmancer, stay here for now and make sure no one lingers around the city of charms, inform me if there is anyone.’ Vritra ordered, as a shadow flew and disappeared.

Fiona was covered in sweat, yet she looked even more gorgeous; each of her movements graceful and beautiful.

Some distance away, inside the bathroom of a house, an absolute beauty with milky skin and white hair sat in a bathtub.

The water was sparkling with a bluish magical color, her skin becoming even more tender as she washed herself with it.

This was the potion Diana had just created; it was very good for the skin and helped in relaxation.

With the resources from the temple, she could experiment as much as she wanted.

Whenever she was about to run out of materials, she would ask the succubi who often go out to buy things to get it for her.

Layla was one of the succubi who would often go out for making purchases or other important stuff, because of her high strength.

"This place is quite nice to live in, but if only he was here and even Vanessa had been gone for several days." Diana mumbled; she wanted to live openly in the continent along with Vritra and the others in the family.

The goddess also pitied the succubi who were forced to hide like this, just because of the power hunger and lust of the world.

All these thoughts only made her more determined to grow really strong, stand beside Vritra, and kill anyone who opposes them.

...

When Fiona’s battle ended, Vritra finally landed on the ground, walking up to her with a smile.

"That was wonderful, you are growing to be a really strong warrior. I think we should go for a hunt outside sometime soon." He spoke and took Fiona in his arms, hugging her tightly.

"Ah wait, darling, I am all sweaty and dirty—" Fiona was covered in dust after the long practice session, and she didn’t want to get him dirty too.

"Shh, it is fine. I missed you a lot." Vritra looked into her eyes before pressing his lips against Fiona’s, and then hugging her even tighter.

Layla looked at the couple for a few seconds, then decided to leave them alone, walking back towards her house.

She too would love to have such a loving life partner, but among the succubi this was just impossible now.

Fiona hugged him back; feeling the familiar warmth, she relaxed and just threw away all her worries.

"I missed you too, I wish we could just live together normally, grow stronger and older together, and deal with all our enemies." Fiona muttered; just from how tense his body felt, she knew something must have happened outside, but she decided to wait.

After embracing each other, the two walked towards their house while Fiona excitedly told him about all sorts of things, related to her training, to the city, and more.

"Diana is bathing..." After entering the house, Vritra sensed her presence in the bathroom. Holding Fiona’s hand, he pushed open the bathroom door and entered.

"Hello genius goddess, what have you invented today?" Vritra asked with a smile, seeing the surprised expression on her face.

Diana was so deep in thoughts that she hadn’t noticed anything until the two were inside; then she froze but remembered that only women live in this city.

And upon seeing the two, she finally calmed down.

"Master!" Diana stood up instantly, displaying the stunning sight of her naked body as the bluish water slid down her smooth curves.

"Oh..." Vritra’s gaze lingered over her sexy mature figure, but the word master made him remember the coy and cunning fox.

Out of all his women, Diana was certainly the one who had matured the most in this time; she seemed more wise and graceful now.

Initially she might have been a little childish, but now just one look was enough to make any man fall for her.

"It is fine, you don’t have to call me that always. It’s not like you are my slave or anything; you are my woman, so you can—"

Before he could finish, Diana jumped out of the tub and into his arms, circling her hands around his neck as her lips landed on his in a tight steamy kiss.

"Hehe, then I will do so, dear..." The goddess wanted a title alone for her, different from his other women.

She even repeated it a few times, as her wet sultry body pressed against his.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...