Chapter 611 Visitor

With a serious expression, Vritra began to tell them everything he found from the Divine.

All the women were shocked upon finding the culprit behind this all.

"Argento? Those pigs, just to reduce future competition they had gone so far!!" Yasmine cursed, she wasn't shocked at the wretchedness of the world.

People would often do even more heinous things for their personal gains.

"Yeah, the changes here started around the same time when their games started, it certainly is related somehow." Vanessa mumbled.

"S- So long? We can go with you, right?" Diana questioned upon hearing the length of the remaining game.

"Yes, I can never be relaxed if I left you all here." Vritra said, and it was bad for his sanity to stay away from his wives for so long.

"Hmm, so when are we leaving?" Fiona asked, she was ready to face any challenges as long as Vritra was with her.

"After all of you are done absorbing the core and reach the demi god level. That is when we will leave." He answered.

Teresa too listened to it all. Aside from that, she was overjoyed that Vritra was actually completely fine now.

Since the moment he entered the room, her gaze was completely locked onto him.

She could actually see him, and he looked far better than what she saw through her senses.

"Husband, do we need to make some preparations? Should I create some helpful treasures?" she asked, already having countless ideas popping in her mind.

"There is no need, apparently, when the game starts all of us will be starting at the same level. Nothing from here will be of help to us, not even our mana or strength."

Vritra said, he explained the difficulty of the game to them.

Others had already been in the game for nearly six months, and they were joining so late.

For them, the danger would certainly be much higher.

"We understand, hubby, once we are there we will be careful and support you to the best of our capabilities." Yasmine said.

Vritra smiled, all his women, especially Yasmine and Vanessa, had been his biggest support.

If they weren't in his life, then he might have long lost any empathy and sanity.

"I know, for now, I want you all to focus on absorbing the energy from the core." He said, there were also a few other things that needed to be taken care of.

"Alright, we will do our best." Diana said with a determined look, it was a pity that not even her potions could be brought there.

But among all the women who had been pleasured and tormented by Vritra for hours the previous day and night, Diana was a bit more pitiful.

She was having trouble even sitting properly.

Vritra had only entered the backdoor of the goddess for now, so he filled both her holes several times.

Which is why she kept shifting slightly, both parts a bit too sensitive.

Soon they all moved to separate rooms and put all their focus on getting stronger.

Teresa was the only one who remained, she was still feeling weak.

It seemed getting her fate stolen had a greater effect, even her physical body was affected.

"Husband, will I be a burden?" Teresa asked after a moment, staring at him.

After all, her biggest ability was to create all sorts of treasures, but it seemed that might not work out there.

Not to mention, she wasn't even as strong minded as his other wives, she couldn't even hurt anyone.

So of course she felt that.

"Of course not, you will never be a burden. You are my wife. I support you and you support me, you don't have to do things that make you uncomfortable. I can kill for you." He said, gently caressing her face.

"Tsk" a soft sound suddenly echoed in Vritra's head, it seemed the empress was feeling jealous.

But it was fine, very soon he planned to give her a gift, which she would definitely like.

"So don't have such useless thoughts, once we are there, I am sure you will have your own role."

They chatted for a while longer, and soon she drifted off to sleep.

Thankfully she could keep absorbing the energy even while sleeping.

Vritra pulled up the blanket, covering her properly, and after kissing her forehead he walked out of the room.

"Haa, before I leave, there are a few things that I need to finish." Vritra mumbled to himself.

There was something he had to prepare while his wives were training.

After making sure that the house was secure, he flew out.

…

Shitless and Onest had returned to the Yate realm, since they were Vritra's friends, so Gunter arranged rooms for them again.

Not to mention, Bullo was still there.

Before long, Vritra arrived in the Yate realm, he planned to meet Gunter and Ava too.

They must have already heard about the events of the marriage.

Now that all of the ice had disappeared, the temperature had risen significantly and people could normally go out.

After a day, everyone had woken up from the effects of that radiation Vritra created from Golden Moon.

While walking towards Gunter's office, Vritra thought: 'I still need to deal with the Divine Kage, the upper numbers might not be easy to deal with.'

Just those god punishments would be troublesome if too many were launched at once, though now, that wouldn't be enough to kill him.

He also possessed that fishing rod.

"Art!! You are finally back, are you fine? I heard what happened in the Ford realm, you didn't get hurt, did you?" Gunter was delighted upon seeing his son again.

Hearing his loud voice, his wife too came out of the room.

Instantly the couple surrounded him, looking him up and down and hugging him.

"Yes, I am fine, I left the place early." The only reason he didn't expose his Art Yates identity was because of them.

Otherwise, it didn't matter to him if the world knew or not.

He just couldn't bring himself to hurt the two, especially Ava, who might really die if she knew the complete truth.

"That's good, son, you should just stay away from the Fords, they are just trouble." Gunter said, he wondered if Art knew something like that might happen.

So he asked him not to go there.

"Yes, I don't like them much anyway." He said, showing a slight smile.

"Have you eaten? Let me cook something delicious for you." Ava asked, already pulling his arm towards the dining area.

"It is fine, I have already eaten. I just came to tell you that I am fine and meet my friends." He spoke, stopping Ava.

"Oh right, someone came to meet you yesterday." Gunter, remembering something, added.

"Who?" Vritra asked curiously.

"It is Rich from the Ford family, I told him that I don't know when you will be back, but he just said he would wait." Gunter replied helplessly.

"If you want I can ask him to leave."

"It is fine, I will meet him." Vritra interrupted, he had no bad feelings about Rich.

Aside from Teresa, he seemed to be the only good person.

"Where is he?" Vritra asked.

"Hmm, I think I saw him with your friends, what were their names again? That monk and Onest." Gunter replied.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...