Chapter 581 A Beautiful Scenery

"Here, we have caught a thief, he is trespassing into our kingdom. He might be a demon or a spy!" one of the three men shouted, gloating at finally catching a rich victim.

He paid the high price of the candies without a second thought, so just how much money and treasure must he be holding?

And they could clearly tell he was not someone from the phoenix race, so what better chance than this to extort him?

Instantly, as if waiting for their chance, four guards rushed towards him from some corner.

And just by a single glance, Vritra could tell that only one of them was a real guard, the other three were just pretending.

"Arrest him! I suspect him of heinous crimes," another from the group of three spoke.

"How dare you be so arrogant in our kingdom, you are asking to be killed. Hurry up and hand over everything you have stolen, or would you prefer freezing in prison in this cold?" the guard said.

Vritra turned to look at the shopkeeper and asked, "And what do you have to say about this?"

"I…?" the shopkeeper was confused for a moment. He was the one who gave the signal, but that was all he needed to do.

"Y- Yes, I saw you stealing. Just cooperate with the guards and return the money you stole," the shopkeeper said.

"Sigh, fine. How much did I steal? I will return it," Vritra said, releasing a long sigh.

"H- He stole a hundred, no, a thousand gold coins!!" the group of three said.

"Is that so? Then take out all one thousand coins right now," the fake guard spoke.

"Okay, okay, it is just a thousand. I have a lot more," Vritra said, and with a wave of his hand, a small mountain of gold coins appeared.

There were at least a hundred thousand gold coins, baffling all of them.

'F- Fuck, I should have asked for more.' They gulped, but in the next moment, the gold coins disappeared, and now they felt that stealing a thousand coins was far too little.

"A- All of that must be stolen! Guards, take it all away and throw him out!!" the three shouted.

"Is that so? You can throw him out? You think you deserve to be here more than him?" a female voice sounded from somewhere.

"Of course, get the hell out of here if you don't want to be thrown in pris-" one of the fake guards spoke arrogantly as he turned towards the source of the voice.

And finally, all eight of the men froze as they saw the terrifying empress standing before them.

'W- Wasn't she gone? When did she return?' Their bodies instantly started to shiver. If they knew she was back, they would never have dared to do this.

"Haa Fiona, can you lend me a few gold coins? I have to return the stolen goods," Vritra said with his arms crossed, clearly in for a good show.

"!!!" The eyes of all eight widened. He actually dared to call the empress by her name directly?

Even if they were going to be punished, he was going to be burned to death. They felt a bit satisfied.

"Darling, don't worry, let me pay for you," Fiona said with a smile.

The heads of all of them began to spin.

Darling? DARLING?!! Wasn't this a random human who had come here to buy things?

Their bodies felt like melting, they just wanted to disappear as the end felt near.

Then Fiona turned to them and asked, "Do you think you deserve to be in this kingdom more than the emperor himself?"

She gestured to one of the ministers and asked, "What should be the punishment for disrespecting my husband, the emperor?"

"T- They should be tortured to death!!" the minister replied in a hurry. Somehow, she seemed even more terrifying now.

And who exactly was this person who could handle such a madwoman, more than half of whose thoughts were filled with slaughter and death?

"Good. Make an example out of them. Also, how are they able to commit crimes openly?" Fiona asked sternly, and Vritra looked at her, finding her even more adorable.

"S- Sorry, Empress, I wasn't careful enough," the minister said, surviving only because he didn't make useless excuses.

Then he gestured for all eight of them to be dragged away, the shopkeeper, the group of three, and the four fake guards.

"W- Wait, we are sorry, please forgive us. We were wrong…"

The eight continued to scream as they were dragged away, but Vritra didn't really care.

It had been a long time since others' deaths stopped affecting him, of course except for his family.

After giving a few more instructions, Fiona took Vritra's hand and asked, "Darling, shall we go?"

"Yeah," Vritra nodded as the two flew away towards the south, where the temperature was still a bit better.

…

Soon, the two sat at the top of a mountain, with Fiona sitting sideways on his lap and her head resting on his chest.

They stared towards the sky where the faint figure of the sun peeked through the light snowfall.

The sight was truly beautiful, and just enjoying each other's presence felt wonderful.

Both of them were inside Vritra's jacket, his arms wrapped around her slim waist.

"Darling…" Fiona spoke softly, feeling relaxed and happy.

"Hmm," Vritra hummed, looking down at her beautiful face, her juicy red lips tempting him.

"I have thought of a lot more plays. Let's try them all," she said, smiling innocently.

Vritra chuckled. All her ideas were rather bizarre. Caressing her thigh, he asked, "My little devil, where do all these ideas come from? And here I used to think you were too innocent."

Fiona had always been curious about such things and enjoyed them even more.

"I just want to do more and more with you," Fiona said. She leaned up and gently pressed her soft, moist lips against his.

Vritra lightly bit her lower lip, pulling it slightly before letting go as her lips bounced back softly.

"Mmm~" Fiona stared at his face and then looked towards the sky. Sitting peacefully with her husband in such a beautiful place, what could be better than that?

But then she remembered something.

"Wait, Teresa got such a nice wedding, but what about us? You don't love me as much as her?" Fiona asked, pouting.

Vritra couldn't help but pinch her cheek, then spoke, "Yeah, sorry, it's my fault. Things just happened. But once Yenni is back, let's hold the grandest wedding where I marry all my gorgeous wives. Is that okay?"

If she wanted a separate wedding, Vritra would do it that way.

If things weren't so hectic all the time, he should have had a wedding with all of them by now.

They were already deeply connected, so he never cared much for ceremonies, but now it seemed there really was a need for it.

"I am fine with that. Thank you, darling," Fiona said, giving him another kiss on the lips.

They talked and enjoyed the scenery for a bit longer before finally moving to another place.

Fiona seemed eager to try some strange idea of hers, which again made Vritra question whether they should even do it or how he would look himself in the eye afterward.

But as the saying goes, happy wife, happy life, so poor Vritra had no choice but to indulge in her erotic acts.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... 