Chapter 92: Divine Tomb-3

While the people were busy praying and hoping that the two geniuses of their team would solve the puzzle, a few people who wanted to secretly vent their anger on that detestable creature looked towards the spot Vritra was standing on.

People from both sides secretly planned to thrash him a bit— and maybe, while they were at it, kill him, if possible.

But when they looked, he was nowhere to be found. They were startled and looked around frantically. And as they saw that hateful figure holding the leather slipper again, all of them froze.

"L- Leader, look t- there..." one of the men hastily called out to Number One, but the leader just hushed him, asking his group to stay quiet.

"T- That person, look... h- he is going to—" one white-robed man also tried to speak but was silenced by the dragon-masked man.

"Stay quiet. If you dare disturb me again, you’ll receive severe punishment right here and now."

Soon, everyone sensed that something was amiss— even the leaders from both sides. Why was this space suddenly so quiet? Shouldn’t there be a certain someone throwing curses all over the place?

Why was that certain someone, who was as loud as a thunder strike previously, suddenly so quiet? Something was definitely fishy. If he wasn’t speaking, then he must be up to something even more dangerous.

All the gazes looked around to search for him— at least those who weren’t frozen by fear after already seeing that vile human— and it wasn’t long before...

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +11,101}

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +11,088}

{Sin Point Gained: Frozen +10,823}

...

"You!! What are you doing there? Get away from that lever! If you touch things randomly, then all of us might end up dead in this place." The dragon-masked man shouted, after seeing that person in black and white robes floating in the air, his right hand already clutching a lever.

"Are you crazy? Stop that! If you don’t, we will kill you before you have the chance to do anything." Number One roared, killing intent bursting out of his body.

"H-He has gone mad! I knew it, we should have just killed that bastard earlier! Is he some sort of suicide bomber? Damn it, my children will grow fatherless now, sob." People broke out in fear. Only the thirteen leaders were somewhat calm; the others just wanted to run away from there.

"Is that so? Do you want to see which is faster— you killing me, or me pulling this lever? Kekeke. You pieces of dog shit, should I bury all of you here?" Vritra acted like a madman while releasing the most demonic laugh he could.

"..." The leaders felt frustrated. They were aware of their strength and believed they could kill someone like Vritra in an instant, but they were afraid that if they were just a bit late, a lot of people might die.

Number One and the dragon masked man clenched their fists as they glared at each other. They could only vent their anger by cursing for now.

"Can’t you even control your members? Why the fuck did you bring that lunatic here? I didn’t know the Golden Moon is now growing such vile beings." Number One said, his tone full of thorns.

"Hah! Your shamelessness has finally hit rock bottom. How dare you throw that dirt at us? Now you are even pretending that he doesn’t belong to your group? Only an evil organization can keep that madman." The dragon masked man said.

"Stop lying, he clearly belongs to your group. See his clothes? They even say ’Golden Moon the greatest’ while cursing the Nine Pacts. You hideous bastards, he clearly belongs to your side." Number One retorted.

"Why would we ever want someone like that? He is on your team." — Dragon Mask.

"Ptui! He is definitely on your team! Nine Pacts hasn’t reached that low yet. He is definitely one of yours." — Number One.

"He is your underling." — Dragon Mask.

"He is your member." — Number One.

"Wait, so he really isn’t your member? Like seriously? Let’s forget his shameless behaviour for a moment... still not from your team?" the dragon-masked man asked.

"No... huh? So he isn’t your member either?" Number One asked, feeling bewildered. The people listening to this conversation were even more shocked.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +11,101}

{Sin Point Gained: Doubted +11,101}

{Sin Point Gained: Glared at +11,101}

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +9,363}

...

All the gazes were collectively drawn towards Vritra, and they all instantly understood that two such large organizations had been played around by that single person. He had even cursed them so much, yet because of the misunderstanding, no one made a move. He had made a fool of them all.

The leaders were the ones who were the angriest. Their auras erupted and the killing intent surged, all concentrating on that heinous man.

"Heh. Trying to scare me? How cute. Now let me show you the right way to scare someone." As Vritra spoke, dust swirled in the air. All the men didn’t dare to make a move in fear of Vritra pulling the lever.

But under their shocked gazes, all one hundred forty-eight levers soon had a hand resting over them, ready to pull at any moment. Those hands were made of dust and then transformed into normal human-like hands.

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +11,101}

{Sin Point Gained: Horrified +11,099}

The sweeping killing intent disappeared like it never existed. Now even the leaders were afraid. They might not fear Vritra’s strength, but this is the Divine Sin Tomb. One mistake, and all of them would be wiped out.

"I don’t believe you would kill yourself just to wipe us out. Isn’t this just a bluff?" Number One asked, but didn’t move an inch.

"Try it and we’ll see. Of course, I have a way to save myself—but more than ninety percent of you will be wiped out the moment I pull even a quarter of these levers." Vritra said arrogantly, though in his mind, he was already making several calculations.

"Bastard! I am going to tear you apart!!" One mindless brute couldn’t hold back anymore. After knowing that Vritra was alone here and still dared to act so brazenly, Number Three was truly mad.

He stepped forward at the same time as Vritra began to pull twenty levers. All the people were frightened out of their wits, sending lots of sin points to Vritra.

Number One struck Number Three’s head and glared at him. Right now, the situation had turned extremely strange— a single person was in complete control of the situation, threatening them all.

The whole place was pin-drop silent, and several thousand men were shivering in dread.

"What exactly is it you want?" the dragon-faced man asked.

"Hehe. First of all, why don’t you all dance? I will sing a song, and you all have to match the moves. Of course, the two leaders are excluded." Vritra said. His plan was to make sure that after passing this phase, no one would be a threat to him.

Yasmine had informed him about their strength already. All the secondary leaders are extremely strong, but if it’s a one on one, Vritra has a very high chance of victory.

____________

Thanks for reading...