Chapter 595 The Devil's Return

"W- What?" Shen was startled. Upon seeing who Jean was talking about, he shivered.

"Cough What misunderstanding is there? Anyway, let's not waste time and continue with the marriage." Shen said, hurrying the priest.

"He insulted me, you have to punish him for me or what would others think." Jean said angrily.

"Oh, and how did he insult you?" Shen rubbed his temples, as his daughter arrived.

"H- He said…" Jean was at a loss for words. How could he say what Vritra had said?

Vritra had complimented the two's bond, and it got him angry.

"Anyway, do something." He said after a moment.

"…" Shen only now thought that along with all other requirements, they should have properly administered the behaviour of the candidates.

Tiny jumped onto the small wooden tile, giving a big smile and said: "Priest, hurry up and get it over with, I can't keep my boyfriends waiting."

The bride had one bad habit, she loved having male slaves around her at all times.

Hearing this, the expressions of the three men on the stage changed.

"Shh, didn't I tell you not to say that?" Shen muttered.

"Let's go and meet her now." Oracle spoke, as he walked towards Teresa.

"Hello Teresa, I am Oracle. I am sure you must have heard about me, right? Anyway, today I have come to meet you for an important task." He said seriously.

Teresa turned to look at him, staying silent. She still held Vritra's arm.

"As you might have seen, our planet is in great danger right now and I think only you can help us solve this problem.

So, just to save all those pitiful people, would you like to join the Golden Moon? I can instantly make you one of the seats." He added.

"No, I don't want to." Teresa said firmly, and turned away.

"H- Huh? Don't you want to help everyone? Are you just going to watch them die?" Oracle was truly shocked. He was sure she would instantly agree when he mentioned the people.

"And why does my wife need to join your shady group to do that? She can save everyone on her own, and you still stink, stay away from us."

Vritra spoke as he pulled Teresa behind him and stepped forward.

Teresa smiled, feeling his protectiveness. The Fords had always protected her too, but this was a completely different feeling. She hugged his arm even tighter.

"I am not talking to you, and you don't decide for her. If I have said she will join, then she will." Oracle said arrogantly, ready for battle.

"Is that so? But wouldn't it be a waste to join Golden Moon when it isn't going to survive more than a day?" Vritra sighed pitifully.

"Oh, is that a threat? You think the Fords could protect you? It seems I will have to deal with you first to make her join." Oracle said.

But Sir Giant, seeing the situation, hurriedly came to stop the fight, and Oracle stopped for now.

"Your grandson-in-law, he isn't going to live long with that arrogance." Oracle spoke, brimming with rage.

"But I agree with him, Teresa is not going to join the Golden Moon. Don't pull her into all this power play and danger." Sir Giant said sternly.

"Let's talk after the marriage and you- huh? Where did he go?" Oracle looked towards Vritra only to find he was no longer there.

"Haha, did I scare away your family's son-in-law? He sure knows how to run." Oracle laughed and shook his head, then turned towards the stage.

"Sigh…" Sir Giant just sighed.

On the stage, Shen and Jean were surprised too upon not finding Vritra.

The marriage was about to begin but suddenly the sky was filled with even louder firecrackers, the sky completely illuminated.

Everyone was surprised. Shouldn't such a show start after the marriage is complete?

"What's going on? Go check it out." Shen frowned, ordering one of the servants.

Suddenly, everything seemed to be going bad at the wedding, but just then a very loud announcement rang out.

"An important guest has arrived, from a faraway place, back after a long time. None other than…" there was a pause as everyone began to discuss.

None could think who could be getting such a grand welcome. Not a single person had been welcomed in such a manner before.

Suddenly the large hall was enveloped by darkness, all gazes turned towards the entrance.

And finally the last words of the announcement sounded:

"Vritra Arclis has arrived at the marriage!!"

There was pin-drop silence in the entire hall. Many had already forgotten that name.

But those who remembered felt their hearts tremble just at the mention.

After all, it was none other than the demon who had destroyed an entire continent previously and single-handedly killed over a million people and so many lords.

"W- What kind of joke is this? Who is playing around? Go arrest them!!" Oracle shouted. He almost peed again after hearing this name.

But then he shook his head. There was no way that guy could be back from the dead, not after receiving the god's punishment.

Suddenly, he started to feel a strong itch in his throat and belly, as if something inside him was churning.

"What is going on? Vritra Arclis? Who is trying to ruin this marriage?!!" Sir Giant shouted angrily.

Within a few seconds, everyone had remembered who exactly Vritra Arclis was.

"N- No way that demon is alive, right? Right? GULP, won't he just kill everyone?" someone in the crowd muttered.

"H- Hey, I heard Vritra wasn't actually at fault and had even saved many people before. Didn't you hear, even the empress said that." Someone voiced their thoughts.

"No way, didn't he destroy the continent and kill the entire army? How do you explain that?"

All sorts of discussions broke out as the tension rose.

Sir Giant had himself seen Vritra's corpse, so he too didn't believe he could actually be back.

It seemed someone was playing a sick joke or ruining the marriage.

But just then a silhouette appeared near the entrance amidst the darkness, the breath of all the people collectively stopped.

STEP

STEP

The sound of his steps reverberated. People moved away as he entered, everyone just stared nervously.

After walking halfway into the hall, he stopped. Suddenly lights fell on him, illuminating his figure.

And the face that no one could forget appeared before everyone once again.

Vritra Arclis was standing before them all.

There were two horns on his head, and a bloody aura surrounded his body. The floor cracked under his feet.

Above, Onest and Shitless were handling the lights for the dramatic entry.

Oracle's body shivered, his face turned white as he stumbled and fell on his butt, muttering something.

"T- This isn't possible, he isn't alive. This is a fake, a clone, n- no, who is doing this? Yes, this must be a nightmare." Oracle was traumatized as he shivered.

In the crowd, Kryn, who had been hidden all along, also felt goosebumps, fear creeping into his heart.

Sir Giant too stood frozen on the stage. This person was definitely Vritra Arclis.

The same face, and even the presence. There was no doubt, he had actually risen from the dead.

"Hello everyone, mind if I crash into this wedding?" There was a faint smile on his face.

But his appearance alone had sent everyone into a dreadful state.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...