Chapter 211: One Step

Vritra quickly located a demon that seemed to be following behind a group of weak humans, who were following behind a group of even weaker demons searching for food.

"It’s quite weak but..." Vritra observed the demon, which looked like a large lava hound, and decided to have a taste of a high-levelled demon.

Just as that hound demon was about to launch a sneak attack, a human figure appeared in front of him. The demon was shocked at first, but then it launched a sudden attack as flames burst out of its sharp claws.

’Let’s see how much I have grown.’

An axe appeared in Vritra’s hand. He casually slashed vertically as the sharp blade of the axe tore the demon’s body into two instantly. It released a loud whimper as both parts of its body passed through either side of Vritra.

The level of the hound demon was around 1300, so despite getting slashed in two, it still held some vitality. Vritra gazed at the demon and launched a mental attack with the third eye.

With a high Intelligence stat, the demon was instantly killed as the last of its vitality disappeared. Vritra stored the corpse and axe in his inventory and started to walk forward.

『

[You have killed a level 1,342 Lava Hound.]

[+Exp]

』

"Well, that was quite easy, though even killing it was not enough to increase my level," Vritra mumbled and decided to find a place to have a meal.

Vanessa, Fiona, and Diana had already started fighting the demons. Vanessa was the calmest of the three. Fiona panicked a bit at the start, but she quickly got the hang of it. Diana, however, was a complete mess—she had never fought demons before, so it took her longer to get used to it all.

"Sigh... What a useless goddess, she reminds me of a certain blue-haired goddess. Anyway, this place is fine. Let’s eat the already cooked meat," Vritra spoke as he used dust to create a table and chair for himself and set his dish on the table.

"I still can’t understand why you’ve taken a liking to demon meat. Is it really that good? Well, to others it’s like poison, so no one really eats it," Yasmine said, watching as Vritra started eating.

"Mmmm, don’t worry, I will let you taste it too. It might seem strange at first, but this is really delicious—better than animal meat. By the way, after your disappearance, didn’t any dragon try to look for you?"

"... The news of my death had spread everywhere. Maybe they also believe I’m dead, and it wouldn’t be easy to find me. Maybe they did try to search for me," Yasmine said, sounding unsure of her own words.

"I still don’t understand one thing, though. Isn’t there some kind of penalty from the demon god for attacking you? From your memory, I saw that gods don’t directly do anything. They can at most send people to do their work," Vritra asked as he continued to devour the large pieces of meat.

"Yeah, there must have been a high penalty for attacking me, but I don’t understand why they would go so far just to kill me.

I mean, yeah, I might have been the dragon with the highest potential and fastest growth, but that still doesn’t explain it. And there are many mysteries associated with that attack on me," she replied. Yasmine even doubted some dragons might have betrayed her.

They chatted while Vritra almost devoured all the meat. Holding the last piece in his hand, he stood up and began walking forward, sensing another presence not too far away.

As he bit the hot meat of the Lava Hound, a trickle of red blood flowed from the corner of his lips.

"Hmm, looks like another legion-ranked demon. There are so many of them here. I’ll turn the demons I hunt from now on into soul wraiths and feed them to Bobby.

It would be great if it could reach the 2nd legion rank," Vritra mumbled, but then his step halted as he sensed three presences rapidly charging in his direction.

"What is that?!!" Vritra was shocked by that speed. As he turned and focused, with his third eye he soon saw three familiar people.

Thaddeus, Silquor, and Morvik—the three demon generals.

Vritra didn’t remember much after the Elegy Parasite took control of his body, so he didn’t know how badly he had beaten them. But if they hadn’t been holding back their strength, they could’ve definitely beaten him back then.

In the blink of an eye, they had appeared close to Vritra’s location. All three of them glanced casually toward him.

Vritra’s first instinct was to turn around and escape. Even if he went all out, there was little chance of surviving against them.

Although he looked different now, how could the three demons not sense that deadly presence lingering around Vritra? They instantly knew it was the same demon who had beaten fear into their bones and flesh.

"!!!" Their bodies shivered, and their first instinct was to turn and escape. Their bodies were still hurting from the last time he beat them up. It would take quite some time for all their injuries to heal.

The three demons and Vritra turned around at the same time and ran at full speed.

It was such a cartoon-like scene. Just after taking a few steps, all four of them noticed something was strange.

They halted and cautiously turned their heads. Vritra saw the three demons who had tried to flee upon seeing him, while the three of them wondered why that demon had tried to flee.

"..." A skeptical look appeared on Vritra’s face. As he and the three demons turned, he took one step forward while the three took one step back.

One forward, one back.

One forward, one back.

’What’s going on?’ Vritra wondered.

The three demons noticed that something was strange. They wondered if Vritra was no longer able to use that power. Still feeling fear inside, the three looked at one another before taking one step forward, while Vritra remained still.

He quickly understood his part and asked in his mind:

’Wifey, did I somehow beat the shit out of them last time?’

"I don’t know much since I was also unconscious at that time, but I did see when you beat up Blunder. He certainly seemed traumatized," Yasmine answered.

’Do you know anything about their lord? I guess the situation has just become right.’ Vritra’s smile curled up as he stood in front of them confidently.

"Yes. He was way too arrogant—like really, really arrogant. And he had a habit of beating his underlings whenever they made a mistake with anything he got his hands on, like shoes, belts, and whatnot," Yasmine gave a short intro.

’Got it. Shall we start the show now?’ Vritra thought before rising into the air. He looked at them haughtily and shouted in rage:

"You imbeciles! How dare you try to attack your own lord? Are you trying to rebel? Planning treason? You wish to usurp my position?! Betrayal?!!"

Right after speaking, Vritra pulled out a leather belt from his inventory and swung it in the air, making a loud slapping sound.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...