Chapter 610 The Brutal Battle [R-18]

Yasmine's clothes were torn amidst her surprise; she too didn't expect this but she wasn't one to back down.

Especially when her child and favorite milk were on the line, and pleasure was the way to prove things.

Vanessa, Diana, and Fiona peeked into the room in surprise, their eyes glued to Vritra as he removed his clothes.

No matter how many times they saw his body, the sight every time was just as enticing.

Fiona gulped, staring at his muscles and skin; his back looked so broad with such refined muscles.

His charm was extremely high, and he looked so strong; how could the three endure such temptations?

They quickly ran into the room; after all they needed the 'proof' as well.

Soon the room was filled with moans; Vritra's large member was stuffed inside Yasmine as she rode him.

While Vanessa sat over her son's face as he ate her out. While Fiona could only wait.

One of his hands was busy fingering the goddess; he was completely covered by his beautiful wives.

Now that some pressure was removed from Vritra's mind, he went all out.

Hours passed as each of the women had her belly filled again and again.

One by one they fell onto the bed, feeling completely exhausted; matching his power and rhythm was really impossible for them.

Fiona and Diana were the ones who exited the intense game while Vanessa and Yasmine persevered.

They supported one another, taking turns while giving the other time to rest a bit.

The sky had long turned dark; the four women even forgot how long they had been doing it or how many times they were filled.

Fiona and Diana fell asleep after midnight while Vritra, his mother, and Yasmine were still going at it.

Of course, they stopped all the sounds from disturbing the two exhausted ladies.

As the sky started to brighten a bit, Vanessa finally accepted defeat and couldn't move at all, feeling completely spent.

Her belly was flooded with her son's essence, slightly bulging while her nether region and her nipples felt a bit sore.

She sighed; they had gone a bit too intensely at it.

But before long, she too drifted to sleep because of tiredness, but there was a smile on her face; it felt incredibly good.

It was especially erotic since Vritra was doing it with four of his wives at the same time; it felt more lewd than just doing sex normally.

Now, only Yasmine remained who fought back with all her might.

"Heh It is impossible for you to win." Vritra chuckled as he smacked her soft butt, feeling it jiggle.

"Ahhh~ Haa There isn't a word like i-impossible Hnnngggg~ in my library Mmmm~" Yasmine replied amidst her moans, an unyielding look in her eyes.

Then she leaned forward and captured his lips; their tongues battling inside their mouths.

As the kiss broke, Vritra rolled over, squeezing her boobs as he munched down on her nipple.

Stuffing it inside his mouth and sucking hard on it.

His member making a mess of her insides as her juices continued to flow out; her melodious moans making Vritra more excited.

As it turned out, the dragon empress actually did lie.

There was indeed the word impossible in her dictionary.

A couple hours later, just as Fiona and the others began to wake up.

Yasmine after getting filled yet again directly fell asleep even before Vritra had taken his cock out of her body.

She was far too exhausted. They had once done it for a week straight but he had obviously gone easy, but this time he needed to subdue his wives.

So, he didn't hold back as much, letting them experience even more pleasure.

"Mhmm good morning honey…" As Vanessa woke up, she saw Vritra pull out of Yasmine and then cover her body up with a sheet.

She was surprised that they had finished only now; Yasmine truly had such high endurance.

But then her gaze landed on his member that was gradually softening up; she smiled and moved forward.

Isn't it a mother's duty to help her son; so today she decided to help him clean.

"Let me clean it up." She spoke and before Vritra could even speak she held his cock between her soft palms gently.

She gave a few licks, then wrapping her lips around the tip and began to poke and suck.

SLURP SLURP

She pulled out any remaining warm semen from within, enjoying the wonderful taste.

'Haa such a bliss to be able to drink it first thing in the morning.' Vanessa thought as she enjoyed her meal.

GULP

Vritra was surprised and once again horny; his hand moved as he caressed her smooth creamy back, his palm rubbing against her skin.

As Vanessa's tongue continued to rub, poke, and lick, she suddenly noticed his cock once again bulging within her palms.

"SLURP Oh uh I think I should stop-" She was still sore all over, and her vagina was very sensitive.

Not to mention, her belly was still full of his seed; she could absorb it directly but that too needed time.

Even walking properly would be a bit tough for a while, so she felt a bit afraid of his large hard penis.

"Ha Too late, mom, it's your fault." Vritra suddenly pressed his mother's voluptuous body under him; his cock instantly thrusting into her sore pitiful drenched vagina.

Again, the room was engulfed by moans; Fiona and Diana were startled.

They couldn't handle any more, so they decided to retreat tactfully and go to the bathroom.

Or so they planned, but because of Vanessa's mistake, the two pitiful women had to suffer from pleasure yet again.

Yasmine just slept as Fiona, Vanessa, and Diana each was fucked to oblivion.

…

Vritra helped his wives wash up and then dress, one by one; the four were way too tired.

Fiona looked a bit resentfully at Vritra as he poured warm water over her body; her pussy was so sensitive that a slight touch from him might bring another orgasm.

Vritra just chuckled as he looked at their cute reactions, and he had successfully taken his revenge against Fiona.

Soon, the four women sat on the bed or sofa; Teresa who was lying back was also in the room.

"Are you four alright? Why are your faces so red? You look very tired too; you aren't sick, right?" Teresa asked in worry.

"We are fine, ahhh~ cough" Diana leaned forward to pick the glass but suddenly felt a shiver as her nipples grazed against her clothes.

She couldn't even wear her bra. Vritra had really gone easy on them all this time it seemed.

"Yeah, it's nothing. Hubby just went a bit hard with his games; anyway, what did you want to tell us all?" Yasmine spoke; her thighs were pressed together tightly.

Teresa looked at them all strangely, wondering what actually happened.

But then her gaze moved to Vritra and she forgot everything else; a beautiful smile blossomed on her gorgeous face.

"Husband, you really are alright; I thought you might be just saying that to make me feel better." She spoke happily.

"Yes, I am fine. See you had nothing to worry about." He said while caressing her soft rosy cheek; then his expression turned serious as he spoke.

"After my talk with the Divine, I found some… important things."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...