Chapter 438: Professional Love Coach

The long game finally ended. Vritra stood in the center of the arena as he stored away all the subjects in his dimensional book.

"Pitiful one, haa I am tired so I will be leaving now."

Monk Shitless yawned as he lay sprawled over Bullo’s back. Today was a really hectic day.

All the people kept calling him to buy the new glyphs; they were all in special demand.

"Huff, that was fun, but I still wonder why we are doing this..." Onest mumbled, but since he was following Vritra, he didn’t really mind.

They couldn’t see the beautiful lady standing right beside Vritra, holding onto the hem of his sleeve.

With one of his eyes closed, Shitless raised his head and looked at Vritra before lazily muttering, "Make sure to use the ’Time’ properly."

"Huh, what?" Vritra questioned. He no longer took all of Shitless’s words as nonsense; every once in a while, the evil monk would warn him of danger.

"That’s all, haa anyway I am leaving." Patting Bullo’s back, they left the arena.

Onest also left together with Shitless. Xi and the other demons also took their leave. Now only three people remained in the arena.

’Sigh, what should I do to get his forgiveness now?’ Yennefer thought. This really seemed like an impossible task.

Maeve landed before Vritra and asked, "Master, is something wrong?"

"???" Yennefer finally saw the demoness, but since she was disguised too, she didn’t recognize her.

’D- Did another woman enter his life while I was away?’ Her grip on his clothes tightened, an uncomfortable feeling settling over her heart.

Sensing that everyone had left the place, Vritra finally removed the disguise of the misty essence as he appeared in his real appearance, and Yennefer also became visible.

"Huh? Who is she?" Maeve asked, wondering if this was someone from his family.

Yennefer stared at Maeve with an intense gaze, trying to see through her disguise, but she failed. She appeared in her real form.

"Empress?!" Maeve was quite shocked as her gaze moved between the two.

He had only told her about three women, and Yennefer was certainly not one of them.

"Sigh, let’s leave. We will talk back at the hotel," Vritra said as they flew away, Yennefer still sticking close to him.

...

It wasn’t long before they were back in the hotel room.

Vritra sat on a sofa chair with Yennefer beside him, and Maeve sat in front of them.

"We are no longer in a relation. We broke a few days earlier," Vritra said with a frown, his words still making Yennefer regret her choices.

"..." Maeve stayed silent for a few seconds, then something clicked in her mind. "Ah, so it was all because of her."

No wonder her master was so sad and seemed to have changed greatly—barely talking and even stopping calling her Foxie. It was all because of this ex-empress.

"So what do you want now?" Maeve questioned, her gaze turning unfriendly.

She didn’t oppose Vritra having other women in his life, but she hated the person who hurt him so much. Judging from Yennefer’s reaction, it was certainly her fault, and she seemed to be regretting it.

"That has nothing to do with you," Yennefer said. Internally, she was seething with jealousy.

It was like some other woman had taken her place, as if this woman had taken advantage of her momentary weakness to steal what should have been hers.

"He is my master, and I am his woman, so it has everything to do with me. And I don’t want you hurting my master again, so why don’t you leave and play house-house with that Darius?"

Maeve said, getting up and settling on Vritra’s right, hugging his arm possessively before sticking out her tongue towards Yennefer.

"You—who even are you? You don’t even know anything about us! We are already husband and wife, so you should leave!"

Yennefer said, clinging to Vritra as if her life depended on it.

"M-Master, are you?" Maeve turned to Vritra instantly.

"We are not!" Vritra said firmly.

"Heh, you heard that. Now why don’t you leave us alone? You see, master is teaching me something very personal and intimate~"

Maeve said in a coy tone, shyly pushing her face against his arm.

"Tch, back in the abandoned city, we have already done it so many times that you still can’t count that high—"

Yennefer retorted, but Vritra interrupted the fight.

As entertaining as their clash was, Vritra really wasn’t in the mood to hear more of it. He wasn’t even sure if Yennefer’s return was a good thing or not.

"Enough. I need rest, just stop it," he said and got up before moving towards the bed and lying back, closing his eyes to relax his mind.

"..." Maeve glanced at Vritra, then at Yennefer, who had already gotten up and was heading towards the bed.

The cunning fox knew if fighting doesn’t work, then she needed to get emotional, after all, she had little knowledge about the other party.

And what if the two were very close before? Then wouldn’t she be the losing one? She hadn’t even gone all the way with her master.

’Less challenge is always better, especially since she is someone who hurt master,’ Maeve thought as she got up and spoke, "Can we talk?"

Yennefer, who was about to climb onto the bed, paused and looked back. After a moment, she nodded, and both moved out of the room to not disturb Vritra.

After getting out, several layers of barriers covered them.

"What do you want to say now?" Yennefer questioned, ready for another round of fight. She was sure she could defeat the other woman.

"Oh god, I can’t believe I am right in front of the empress—I mean, ex-empress. Anyway, I have always seen you as my role model, my ideal.

Please don’t mind my words earlier, I only said those words so master doesn’t throw you out in his anger," Maeve said in an enthusiastic tone, shocking Yennefer greatly at the sudden change.

"Uh... Alright." Although Maeve could be cunning, Yennefer wasn’t stupid either, so she didn’t really trust her at all.

"Sigh, actually, after you two broke up, master got very, very sad. It was like his complete personality had changed. He got so silent, he even stopped eating or doing anything.

He would just keep staring, looking so broken. Getting away from you had hurt him a lot," Maeve said, exaggerating the facts a bit in a dramatic tone.

"..." Yennefer fell silent, her expression becoming dull. She was fully aware of how much she had hurt him. Her words directly pierced through her heart, making her feel even more pain.

"It was only recently that master had started to get a bit better, but if you suddenly make an entry in his life, of course, it is going to ruin everything.

This is not the correct way to get his forgiveness," Maeve continued in a sympathetic tone.

"Hmm, then what do you suggest?" Yennefer asked in a low voice, looking seriously invested in her words.

"Sigh, just keep following my advice and I will help you get back with master, believe me," Maeve said as an innocent smile spread across her face.

’Yeah yeah, sure.’ Yennefer rolled her eyes but played along.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...