Chapter 304: Earthquake?

"Yes, Empress, what do you want to talk about?" Vritra asked, as the three women walked into the room.

"About... ha, it’s nothing." Yennefer said, then she turned and walked into her room.

"..." Vritra remained standing there in confusion, wondering why the Empress was suddenly having mood swings.

Then he returned to his room, and got quite the surprise. All three of the ladies were wearing sexy lingerie they had recently bought as they waited for him on the bed.

"Oh... You look gorgeous and really hot." Vritra said, climbing onto the bed. As he laid down, Fiona, Diana, and Vanessa pressed their bodies against his.

Their cuddling felt especially warm and soft today, as Vritra felt their buttery smooth skin rubbing against his own body.

They quickly got in their sleeping positions and were about to sleep but just then...

RUMBLE

...

Yennefer returned to her room, suddenly in a bad mood.

She sat over her chair and drank some water to calm herself down, but despite not trying to hear, she could clearly hear the voices of the poor people next door who had to share a single bed.

Hearing Vritra’s praise, the Empress clicked her tongue as she unconsciously let out a wave of energy that shot through the entire castle, making it shake violently, as all the guards went on high alert.

This was such a strong attack that they believed the demons had already started the war and had already reached the capital.

Vritra also got out of his room, looking around to see what was going on.

Then he saw Yennefer walking out of her room, with absolutely no emotion on her face.

"What?" she asked, feeling his gaze on her.

"Did you not notice that shake just now?" Vritra asked. He could even see a few cracks in the walls that seemed especially high around her room.

"No, I was sleeping. Anyway, have a good night and be careful that the ceiling doesn’t fall on top of you." After speaking she walked back into her room.

’Was that a threat? Haa, so she really recognised me, but how strange that she hasn’t attacked yet.’ Vritra thought.

He had only met the Empress once before the White Kingdom, yet he had a clear idea about her personality.

"Our Empress is getting a bit frustrated hehe." Yasmine giggled, both of them knew that it was actually Yennefer responsible for that supposed attack just now.

’Sigh, let’s just sleep now, we have to do quite a lot of work tomorrow as well.’ Vritra thought and returned to his room, thankfully nothing was broken.

***

Early the next morning, Vritra went to the entrance of the kingdom to do his duty for the third time. Along with his women and Onest, he arrived there while Monk Shitless was already present.

And so began the session of interviews and helping the slaves. Within just a few minutes the number of people was already above two hundred thousand and the Sin Points poured in like crazy.

As hours passed by, more and more people started to join the God of Mercy on his conquest to make the White Kingdom completely slave-free.

But it was quite strange that no organisation had made a move against him yet, neither the demons nor the Slave Beast Gang or his old enemies like Nine Pacts or Bone Blood Cult, but they weren’t aware that he was already in the White Kingdom.

As for the Gang and demons, they were most probably planning something bigger, maybe to take care of him in one fell swoop.

But for now Vritra could just continue to gather Sin Points and wait passively for their attack, though he kept killing the members of the Slave Beast Gang with his Soul Wraiths all over the kingdom.

And just like that, another day passed. Vritra collected even more Sin Points than the previous day, each day his collection kept growing rapidly.

Just two more days and his quest would be complete, and he would get some map that belonged to Divine.

When the sky turned dark, they returned to the castle. After eating dinner, they went to bed.

The same routine as the previous two days, Vritra wondered if it was okay to be intimate with the three women at the same time, but each time they were about to start, a mysterious earthquake would shake the entire castle.

So the group of four had no choice but to sleep.

***

The next two days passed quite peacefully as Vritra followed the same pattern, and the number of people coming to watch him had already crossed five hundred thousand by the end of the fifth day.

The messages of Sin Points flashing in front of Vritra were just blinding. He got excited just thinking about the number he had already collected.

After finishing the fifth day of work, Vritra sent the three women to the castle first since Joey had asked to meet him.

"You have surprisingly gathered quite a big fan following, don’t tell me, are you planning to rebel against the king?" Onest asked. Although they still quarrelled quite a bit, he felt they could probably be called friends now.

"What rebel, there isn’t even a king here to rebel against, and don’t ask such private questions like we are friends. I don’t want to be seen in the same space as a mugger."

Vritra said, maintaining a distance of five meters from him as they flew towards the Golden Moon base.

...or not, yeah, they can’t be friends.

"Psycho, I am not a mugger, I am a professional and respectful thief." Onest retorted.

"Yeah right, try stealing something from a person and see how much respect you would get from him, he will curse seven generations of yours." Vritra replied with a mocking laugh.

While having the friendly talk, the two soon arrived at the base. They headed to the training field and joined the group of excited fighters.

Although Vritra barely knew them, all of them were quite welcoming towards him. They talked amicably and praised him for slapping the old man.

"Cough." Joey coughed to grab the attention of the blabbermouths who were badmouthing him right in front of him.

"Ben... sigh, forgive me, it seems I was wrong the previous time somehow, even though I still can’t understand how, but I didn’t mean to belittle your patriotic feelings." Joey apologised.

Then clearing his throat, he spoke in a loud voice:

"All of you have performed your duties very well for the past five days. We are still trying to find where the king is but haa, there is no sign of him.

Anyway, we have to do our best to stop the demons from taking over the White Kingdom, and from today, your duties will be changing."

Joey said, then he started instructing all the members about their duties.

"Onest, you head towards the south and guard the backside door of the kingdom. Though that place is a lot safer, still be careful." Joey ordered.

"Yes sir!" Onest replied, missing his old days as a thief but then asked: "Isn’t Ben going on the same mission as me?"

"No, his mission this time is a little different." Joey answered, then he looked straight at Vritra and gave his instructions.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...