Chapter 745 Omega

Vritra and Yennefer landed on the ground where Yasmine and Teresa waited for him.

He first looked at Yasmine, she would want to visit the dragon kingdom, no matter what that place was still something her parents had put so much effort into.

And it's not like all the dragons are bad, the ones who were had already been turned into wraiths by Vritra.

That was also the place where so many of her memories were tied.

Her father's grave was there, although her mother had just disappeared a long time ago, though she had made a grave for her.

Although Yasmine didn't want to believe it, there was a high chance she might already be dead, otherwise she wouldn't be gone for so long.

Then he looked at Teresa, she probably wanted to go visit her family.

Although he wasn't very fond of most of them, but it was fine, she had changed and was no longer the type who would let others harm her.

Remembering something, he asked: "Tess, can you now control that fate ability of yours?"

"Hmm let me see." Teresa still had that wall ability, she had never before tried to control the fate ability, allowing whoever she touched to steal all their bad fate.

But now, she felt she could choose whether to take the good or bad ones.

Though completely controlling the ability would still be a bit hard, though with the Wall ability, she could control it.

"I can." After thinking it through, she spoke.

"That's great then, well let's go to the dragon kingdom first, after that we will go meet your ex-family." He said, and the two women nodded.

Yennefer didn't really have any other place she wanted to go, and she wanted to stay close to Vritra so she decided to go along.

Jumping onto the blood cart, the three headed to the dragon realm.

[Null Activated!]

Instantly a portal opened before them and the cart was sucked inside.

…

The succubi were quite happy to see Vanessa return, Layla was the temporary empress in her absence.

And she had been taking care of everything very well.

Of course, Vanessa wasn't there to take back control, she had far more important matters now.

Previously she had done it to help her son once he returned but with his strength, he didn't need any of that.

Though with their combined efforts, they had cleared up Vritra's name and shown the people how much he helped everyone.

And that he wasn't the demon they all thought of him as.

Honestly, it didn't really matter to Vritra, but still they didn't like these people talking bad about him.

Diana, as the former human empress, also returned to find that everything was going fine.

There were problems initially but she had already set several people to take charge in her absence and it all sorted out in the end.

Though the people of the phoenix race weren't as happy, they were of course relieved that their empress was back.

But more than that, they were all afraid of her, she was too ruthless after all.

Though this time, shockingly, she didn't kill anyone.

Similarly for Maeve, she found that the organization had no problems, the world information centre was still going just as before.

After they all made sure everything was fine, they spent a bit more time and then decided to return to Vritra.

…

After passing through the teleportation portal and flying a little distance, the blood cart arrived in the dragon kingdom.

The population of the dragons had reduced quite a bit after Vritra had killed many before.

Still, they were one of the strongest beings in existence on the Zoratian planet.

Even though their ruler was gone, none of the other races still dared to attack them.

They might have also chosen a temporary emperor or maybe someone might have seized this chance to become the emperor.

"If nothing had gone wrong I would still be just ruling this kingdom, or maybe already dead." Yasmine muttered.

"Well one way or another, I am sure we would have met, though our marriage wouldn't have been so strange then." He added, making the dragoness giggle.

She still remembered how she had tricked him into marrying her, and now thinking back on it, it was too funny.

He must have known something was wrong but Vritra didn't really have any choice and he still needed the strength boost.

And with it he got his first wife.

Good old days, it had already been years, Vritra was so young back then.

They directly passed through the protective layer of the kingdom, though many dragons noticed the presence of the flying cart quickly.

Some of the guarding dragons approached them cautiously, not anyone could just pass through the protective barrier.

"Identify yourself- huh? Empress? You are back!!" the guard instantly recognized Yasmine, and in fact he seemed quite happy.

The other four also recognized her, the killing intent instantly disappeared and they had tears in their eyes.

The five guys, like pitiful children who had been bullied for months, instantly knelt in the air and started sobbing.

These were five grown men, and the sight of them sobbing like that was extremely strange.

"What's wrong?" Vritra asked, he moved the blood cart back to create some distance between them.

"Save us empress SOB we… we are getting bullied by that crazy emperor, he is retarded- umph" the dragon speaking quickly covered his mouth.

Afraid that that bastard might hear it and beat them again.

"Who is the new ruler?" Yasmine asked, her brows knitting slightly.

"It is Omega, that young cousin brother of Drago, he got support of a few other races and their top warriors, so he forcefully took the throne." Another guard explained.

Vritra glanced at Yasmine, wondering if she knew anything about this new guy.

"Oh Omega, he was quite young back then, I don't really remember much of him." She spoke, feeling her hubby's gaze.

"Yes, he didn't stand out much and only after you disappeared did he finally show his true colours." One of the guards spoke.

"In fact, when Drago was the emperor, he had disappeared and gone off to some other race. From there, he started gathering support."

Then Omega got lucky since Drago was killed and soon after Yasmine had left, unlike the other women she hadn't really left anyone to take care of the dragons.

She was too angry the previous time and went off to the game in a bit of a hurry.

So Omega used this chance to take control of everything and of course it wasn't too hard for him to get support.

Which race wouldn't want the dragons to work under them? By controlling Omega they would be able to control all dragons.

One or two races might not be able to do anything but several races would definitely pose enough threat.

Especially since the top warriors had mostly died already.

"Hmm since we are here anyway, I guess we will meet him." Yennefer spoke, it was already time for some action it seemed.

"W- Will you help us empress?" the five guards pleaded, their eyes still full of tears.

Life had been very bad recently, each day full of torture and pain and endless humiliation.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...