Chapter 725 The Violent Tess [R-18]

A faint glow appeared around Teresa's right hand, then the noises from outside suddenly paused.

Vritra looked and found that all of them had been frozen, terrified expressions on their faces.

But it didn't look like the normal rooms she creates, and in the next moment, he was proven right.

Suddenly the walls started to move, converging as all the men released loud terrified but muffled screams.

It was useless though, they were unable to even use their abilities and the walls were getting closer and closer.

It was like some scene from a horror movie.

Then the walls pressed right against their bodies but they didn't stop.

KCCHHH

Their skins were ripped apart, the sounds of bones cracking as the walls began to crazily squeeze their bodies.

'Whoa she sure has grown a lot.' Vritra was really shocked. He knew that she had hurt others already to protect him.

But killing others with such brutality, he was so proud of his wife.

"Good job, Tess." He muttered, giving a gentle caress to her breasts.

If anyone were to hear this they would go crazy, he was encouraging her to kill more after all.

Teresa smiled and nodded, and soon the muffled screams were silenced.

Their bones were completely shattered, flesh ripped and turned into a mess, organs squeezed together so badly.

It was such a grotesque scene, then she tossed them all away.

Teresa could no longer wait to have her husband, her insides were twitching so hard.

She wanted to feel his long hard thing stuffed all the way in her.

Enjoy as he fucks her and completely messes up her insides, and finally, release a whole lot of hot semen deep in her body.

Just the thought made her wet.

"Husband, why don't you create that bubble around this building? I don't want anyone to interrupt us." She said.

Being stopped two times like that felt terrible.

"Oh right, I forgot about that completely. Give me a second." Vritra exerted a large amount of energy and soon a bubble appeared over his palm.

Then it grew and covered the entire building.

"It's done, now-" Vritra turned to face her but suddenly her lips crashed against his.

Teresa wanted to start all over again, so she began with a passionate kiss to get back into the mood.

Her soft and warm body pressed against him, as she lay on top, biting and sucking his lips.

Then her lips moved over his neck, kissing and leaving her marks.

"Don't be in a hurry, my wifey, we have enough time and now no one is coming to disturb us-"

BOOOOOOOM!!

Vritra: "…"

Teresa: "…"

'Motherfucker, which bastard is it this time? Fuck!!' Vritra felt like slapping himself for saying that.

He scanned the surroundings but there was no one around, that explosion probably sounded from another city.

"Whatever, let's just continue." Vritra said as he rolled over and pressed her body under him.

Burying his face into her neck, he nibbled over her skin, sucking on it and leaving kiss marks.

Unclasping her bra, he removed it as her breasts bounced out, the sexy pair was mouthwatering.

Moving lower, Vritra directly latched onto her nipple, taking her soft pink nipple into his mouth.

He squeezed the bud between his tongue and the upper side of his mouth, while sucking on it.

"Hnnggggg~ H- Husband I love it~ s- suck harder Mmmm~" Teresa moaned, hugging his head tightly, enjoying as he began to eat her nipple.

Vritra lightly bit on the nipple with his teeth while his tongue rubbed against the tip of her nipple.

Her body wriggled and twitched under him.

Vritra's penis was fully erect by now and rubbing against her thighs.

Teresa suddenly closed her legs, holding his cock between her thighs, pressing right under her wet pussy.

She moaned while grinding herself against his hard rod, it felt so hot and hard, she wanted it to go into her so badly.

Vritra continued to suckle on her nipple, his tongue rubbing over the areola then pressing against the nipple.

After ten or so minutes, he pulled back and looked at her glistening nipple.

Then he moved to the other nipple, stuffing his mouth with as much of her breast as it could fit.

Feeling her soft thighs squeezing his penis was such a wonderful feeling, he moved it back and forward slowly.

Rubbing the tip harder against the labia, over the panty.

Moving his hand down, he ripped apart her panty and threw the damp cloth away.

Now he could directly feel her wet petals against his cock, feel the twitching of her labia directly.

The lower lips were trying to bite on his dick, trying to get a hold of the head as he moved back and forward.

Teresa tightened her thighs, moaning louder, the itch deep in her pussy was getting stronger.

Vritra pulled both her nipples together and started sucking, biting and licking until she was starting to feel sore.

When he pulled back, the nipples were covered in his saliva and were slightly swollen.

"Haa hubby, that was HUFF wonderful…" Teresa liked it even more to call him hubby, this gave an even more intimate sensation.

And since Yasmine had given permission so she didn't hold back.

"Is that so? Then let me make you feel even better." Vritra said as he moved back, he sat and pulled her legs apart.

Her wet pink pussy looked absolutely beautiful and tasty, the room was full of her sweet scent.

Teresa covered her face with her hands while peeking through her fingers, as Vritra leaned down.

"Ahhhhhh~" her body arched up as Vritra's lips pressed against her wet soft petals.

With both his thumbs, Vritra parted her petals as her beautiful insides became more visible to his eyes.

"Hnnn~" Teresa felt so embarrassed, even without seeing it she could feel her husband's gaze.

She felt so shy but made no move to hide it, her toes curling and breathing getting faster.

"Tess, thanks for the meal." Vritra said, glancing up at her face, he loved her reactions.

Then he went back to eat her up, he gave a gentle lick against her exposed insides, licking over the folds.

His lips circled around her petals, as he sucked and tasted her sweet love juice.

SLURP

"Hmm" he hummed in satisfaction, and slowly moved his tongue forward.

As the tongue moved between her soft walls, rubbing against the folds, her insides clenched.

His tongue was squeezed between her fleshy walls, love juices flowing out constantly, as Vritra drank it all.

He moved his hand forward, cupping her breasts, and pinched her nipples.

Vritra then used his Evomorph skill to increase the length of his tongue, as it continued to dig deeper into her.

He poked and rubbed against her walls, licking all around as the walls continued to press hard from all sides.

Teresa could feel the sensation going from her pussy to her belly, it made her feel incredibly good.

Reaching into the deepest part, the tip of his tongue suddenly poked against the soft part that had been itching since earlier.

"Hannnggggg~ R- Right there hngggg~ I love it hubby, harder~ ooooh~" she moaned so loud, but Vritra loved hearing it.

He sucked harder, drinking her sweet juices while scratching her insides.

As suddenly, sweet nectar flooded out of her.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...