Chapter 532 The Grand Wedding

In the Yate realm, most of the people were getting tense since the groom was still missing.

Although Vritra had said that he was going to marry, but hearing the bride's reputation they all felt he might have actually run at the last moment.

"Should we head directly to the Ford realm as Art had told us and wait there for him?" Ava questioned. She was already dressed up and looked quite beautiful, though still a bit weak.

"Haa… if we don't go then how would we look being late even on such an important day? And if we do go, what are we even going to do when the groom himself isn't present…"

Gunter, in the end, decided to wait a little longer.

Everything was already ready, they had prepared as much as possible in this short span of time.

"Haa… not even an hour is left, where has he disappeared off to?" Gunter was walking around the corridor, various thoughts swirling in his mind.

Finally, a figure flashed at the other end of the corridor as Vritra made his way towards the nervous group.

"Oh you are finally back!!" Gunter exclaimed happily, then urged: "Hurry up and get ready, we are leaving, we shouldn't be late on such an important day."

"Okay." Vritra nodded and went into his room where all his clothes were already arranged. He refused to let the maids help him get ready.

Throwing the clothes in his inventory, he just made Goop copy them and within seconds he was ready.

Goop truly was awesome. Whether it be defence, attack or transforming into outfits for him, it could do an excellent job at anything.

"Wifey, how do I look?" Vritra turned and looked at Yasmine who was standing behind him.

"Too tempting…" Yasmine couldn't speak her thoughts out as she stared enchantedly at her husband.

Now that she thought about it, none of his women had a proper ceremony with him yet, and it seemed Teresa might be the first to have it.

'How unfair, but still I am the first wife.' Yasmine consoled herself. Everything aside, she just couldn't tear her gaze away from him.

"That's good then, let's go." Vritra walked out of the room and the reactions all the others showed were more dramatic than the dragoness.

Especially the women. They fell into dreamland, even imagining living with the man of their dreams.

But several hearts were broken as they remembered that this person was soon going to be married.

'How unfortunate…' all had the same thought. That woman was way too lucky.

"Art, you look fabulous. Heh, my son is going to break so many hearts today." Ava chuckled. She gave him a paper charm to keep all negative energy away.

"It's time to leave, thankfully we won't be late." Gunter heaved a sigh of relief as the group of Yate family members walked out of the building.

Large numbers of vehicles were waiting for them, all decorated beautifully. A few were only to carry gifts and stuff.

Vritra, Ava and Gunter sat in one of the vehicles, of course the dragoness was there too, sitting over her husband's lap.

***

On the other side, in the Ford realm.

The place looked far more beautiful than the previous day, they had spent a vast amount of money on it; especially since the time was too short.

Guests were entering, bringing gifts along.

Sir Giant and Rich stood at the entrance to welcome the guests and wait for the groom and his family.

"Great Grandpa, don't tell me they are going to be late again…" Rich muttered. There wasn't much time before the assigned time.

The wedding could be stretched a bit ahead in time but still, it left a bad impression about the Yates.

"There is still time, I am sure they will be here soon." Sir Giant replied, but more than that he was worried about something else.

The creatures who had left a warning the previous day would never have let the wedding continue normally.

Which was why they had shifted the wedding and hoped to finish it before they could even get here.

Once the marriage was done, everything should be fine.

'We need to hurry up…' Sir Giant rubbed his palms nervously, while smiling and welcoming the guests.

The security was tight, all the Ford strongest warriors managing the place, and they had even called many vagabonds.

Even though there was just one day to prepare, the wedding was quite grand nonetheless.

Even the other three big families were already here along with many other powerful beings and organizations.

"Oh they are here!" Sir Giant soon sensed the approaching fleet of vehicles. He finally relaxed a bit and gave a few commands to the servants.

The Yate family was already inside the Ford realm, they soon got close to the wedding hall.

Instantly the sky was lit with beautiful fireworks; they had prepared for the grand welcome.

Vritra, seated inside, gazed out of the window.

There were even more people in the wedding than the previous day's event, but before that he wasn't even sure about the customs of marriage among humans here.

'Wifey, how different is it from back on earth?' he questioned as their vehicles got welcomed by rain of flowers and all sorts of other things.

"Not that much different, it is rather simple. You see, the heroes that were summoned had changed a lot of customs, marriage is one of them.

Though I guess you won't be kissing your bride, or it might just become the kiss of death for her." Yasmine spoke with a chuckle. She didn't exactly know what Teresa's condition was though.

The Fords were being quite respectful towards them.

The vehicles drove into the hall and parked to the side. Sir Giant and Rich hurriedly came to welcome them personally.

Rich enthusiastically shook hands with him. For some reason, Rich felt as if he was meeting an old friend.

"Art, you look dashing. You actually remind me of someone… anyway, tell me if there is anything you need." Rich said with a big smile.

"Thanks." Vritra nodded and took in the sight of the venue.

"Bring the gifts inside." Gunter said as the various servants started taking them off the vehicles and bringing them all into the wedding hall.

"Come this way." Sir Giant led them inside after sharing pleasantries. Vritra would be called onto the altar later on as the rituals started.

For now, they were brought into a rather luxurious room with various things arranged there for them.

Most of the Yates went into the wedding hall, only the three went into the room.

"The preparations are done so well. I was a bit worried because of the lack of time but you have clearly done a very good job." Ava spoke as she sat down over a comfortable sofa.

"Thank you, aunty—" Rich said, but then Ava's son was her uncle in relation.

But he just decided to keep things like before.

The Fords were in a hurry so before long the wedding ritual started.

First Shen welcomed everyone and spoke a few heartfelt lines and finally invited the Priest to start the wedding.

Vritra sat there while scratching his forehead. Was he ever even going to see the bride?

What even was the point of marriage?

Now he started to question the hidden meaning behind this marriage, there was definitely some motive.

❖❖❖