Chapter 416: The Successful Pig

While the show of lust was going on in the temple, the three thieves made their way inside through different passages.

’This is going to be the ultimate test of my skill, I have to get the statue within twenty minutes.’ Onest thought, he was crawling through a very narrow path.

Carefully observing his surroundings and making full use of Thievery skills, even putting the guards to sleep if they were in the way.

He had noticed that since he started following Vritra, he had been facing too much danger. But it was all fun and even gave him opportunity to grow.

It was Onest’s goal to become the best thief in the world and finally settle down, starting the most famous family of thieves.

His body moved through even the paths that seemed impossible for a grown man like him.

His bones and flesh twisted and almost became something like an octopus.

After crawling through the thin path for over ten minutes, he cut open a circle below him, in the ceiling.

Then he jumped down, immediately throwing a needle at four guards’ necks, and within moments they were asleep.

’These things are very expensive but quite effective, maybe I should get more of them in the future.’

Onest thought as he hurriedly pulled the needles and observed his surroundings.

Right now, he was right behind the treasury where the statue was kept.

Vritra had also instructed him later on to not steal from the front but through the back, and leave absolutely no traces of himself.

Just going from the front would have been a lot easier than this, but Onest was always ready for the challenges.

Walking close to the wall, he pressed his ear against it and closed his eyes. Using his ability, he began to cut the wall in a specific manner.

But just after reaching a bit deeper, he encountered a problem.

The container which held the statue was made of some material that Onest couldn’t cut through with any of his skills or weapons.

’Damnit, how can I get past it, do I have to give up?’ He felt troubled; only going through the door seemed to be the only option now.

But just then the shadow under his feet moved. A hand popped out holding a flimsy and old knife.

’Doesn’t this thing belong to that Psycho? Did he send it here to help me?’ Onest thought but he didn’t waste any time, taking the knife he once again got to work.

...

On the other side, Ziggy pulled up his slipping black outfit as he made his way into the temple.

When entering a door, his body almost got stuck but thankfully, he had oiled up his body in advance.

"Hah, this will be a piece of cake."

Putting a mask over his face, the pig demon kept throwing glyph after glyph that put the guards to sleep and made his adventure a lot easier.

With the proper planning of his father’s underling, he just entered through the front door and walked into the treasury.

...

The third thief, our great Divine Demonic Dragon, entered from behind.

Vritra just entered his disappearing state and passed through the walls, but unlike the two other thieves his motive wasn’t the statue.

He headed towards the potion treasury of the temple; he needed to get the soul potions for Yasmine after all.

"Hehe we are back to business, we couldn’t steal in the White Kingdom, I almost forgot how fun it is." Yasmine chuckled, enjoying the venture.

"Not stealing, we are just strategically transporting few potions to an alternate location, just helping a temple in need."

Vritra corrected her, and he found the treasury quite easily.

Glancing at the guards guarding them, he directly teleported the whole treasury to the dimensional book, without alerting the carefree guards.

"Sigh, it has been days since I last went home; thankfully the temple provided my family with enough food." One of the guards muttered, looking worried.

"Well I am happy to be away from all that nagging, I felt I would go crazy but this curfew came at the right time." Another guard spoke.

But while the group of ten guards were chatting, a figure suddenly appeared in front of them.

It was a fatty man with his face and body completely covered.

"Who are you?" The guards were suddenly alarmed but the fat guy threw a glyph and it froze them all in place.

"Haha, I am the great Ziggy, now just watch as I steal away all your potions, haha."

Vritra used Misty Essence to play this whole scene, while he was already inside the treasury.

"Damn, such a huge inventory!!" Vritra just looked around. At the hundreds of thousands of potions, there didn’t seem to be an end to it.

He located the soul potions quickly and flew towards them.

With a wave of his hand, all the potions flew into his inventory.

After gazing around, he didn’t find anything of interest so he decided to leave them after taking a few others.

Then the whole place returned back to reality, out of the dimensional book.

’It was so easy because of all the ongoing chaos and Shitless.’

Vritra thought, as he flew out of the temple and disappeared, it was time for him to play his second role.

...

Ziggy lazily walked into the treasury. Using the glyphs he easily bypassed any sort of defenses; nothing could stop him.

"Haha Very soon, I will be able to marry Maeve, just you wait bastard, I will let my father boil you in lava and watch as you beg for my mercy.

Kekeke Now everyone will be under me, when I marry that powerful and beautiful woman!" Ziggy laughed out loud, already torturing Vritra in his mind.

Finally, he stopped in front of a big metal door, which seemed to be the last obstruction between him and the marriage.

"Hmm Quite solid." Tapping on the door, Ziggy knew he wouldn’t be able to break it with his own strength.

Then he pulled out another glyph, which had just a bit of his father’s power and threw it at the door, running away in haste.

BOOOOM!

He had already covered the whole place with a sound barrier so no one was able to hear anything.

"Haha finally it is over!" Ziggy rushed in, ready to get the statue and escape, then get rid of Vritra for good and marry Maeve.

He felt giddy while thinking about his plan, he will soon be the most successful Pig demon.

As the smoke cleared, the pig demon looked around inside the big room but aside from a stone table, there was nothing.

"Huh? Where is the statue? What’s going on?" he looked around carefully, but there really was nothing.

Even his fat brain was able to understand something within a few seconds.

"I have been set up! This was a trap!" Ziggy’s body trembled. He tried to send a signal back to his father but it didn’t work.

Fear crept into his heart as he turned and tried to escape.

"Stop right there, I am arresting you for stealing the statue of the true God and thousands of potions from the treasury!

I am Daddy V from the Golden Moon, move and I will blast your head apart."

Suddenly a person charged into the treasury, along with guards.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...