Chapter 190: In the Darkness...

The ninja-like man took out a gem-like, colorless stone and directly handed it to Vritra. After handing the promised reward, he said:

"Keep the emblem safe. When it is time, we will find you."

After saying those few words in his rough voice, the ninja man disappeared. All the people were silent at this moment; even the king stood with utter respect toward that unknown ninja. After he disappeared, Henry laughed and spoke in a joyous tone:

"This kingdom is really lucky to have someone like you. I will help you grow as much as I can, so do your best and win in whatever lies ahead. I feel you are going to make it very big."

After speaking, Henry gestured toward his guard and added:

"This is a small gift from me. I hope you will like it, and that it will help you a little in your journey forward."

As he spoke, one of his guards stepped forward and then took out a glyph from a storage glyph, then handed it to Vritra.

"This will create a protective barrier that could even take up to three attacks from 2nd Legion-ranked fighters. It can be spread up to a range of twenty meters. It will protect you until you have surpassed that stage," Henry spoke in a jovial tone.

"Thank you, Your Majesty," Vritra said as he placed the stone and the cube in his inventory. Just in a single day, he had obtained two glyphs—one a storage, and the other a defensive type.

"Although my understanding of the glyphs is not too high, it is still better than most in these small kingdoms. This kind and noble king believes he is too sly.

Heh, hubby, he has set up a way through which he will always be able to track your location even if you are far away. Looks like he plans to either make you his underling or else just eliminate you," Yasmine said after briefly observing the defensive glyph.

’I see, he is way too opportunistic and ambitious. He must be planning to control me somehow—either by appearing good and kind or, if that fails, then use force.’ Vritra could easily understand Henry’s thoughts. But if that was all, then the poor king wouldn’t have needed to die.

"Good, good. Take this ring. It will grant you the permission to enter the castle at any time, and you can directly meet me whenever you want," the king spoke as he handed Vritra a ring with a diamond on it, and the name of the king was written on the diamond. NovelBin.c(o)(m)

"Oh! Thank you very much, my lord!!" Vritra said in an excited tone.

After saying a bit more gibberish to portray himself as a good, kind man, the king flew into the air and waved at the spectators. His gaze briefly passed over Vanessa.

He whispered something to one of his guards, who nodded and disappeared from sight, flying away at full speed. Then the king and his remaining guards also flew away, while everyone in the public was praising Vritra—and many even felt envious.

After lingering for a bit longer on the stage, Vritra turned around and walked to the hall. He met many people there, all of whom congratulated him, and even the rude head guard acted nicely toward him.

After all, Vritra was the top talent of the Blue Kingdom—everyone wanted to have a good relationship with him.

After a few minutes, Vritra made his way toward the other door and waited for his mother, Fiona, and Diana to come out. Since there were too many people today, they were walking out slowly and systematically to avoid any accidents.

"Honey!!" Vanessa called out as soon as she saw Vritra. She jumped into his arms, not caring about all the blood on his clothes. Then Fiona did the same. Diana seemed as if she wanted to hug Vritra too, but she couldn’t do it without his permission.

"Are you really okay?" Vanessa and Fiona asked at the same time. Even though his clothes were completely dyed with blood, it didn’t look like he was injured at all.

"Yeah, I am fine. Let’s go from here—we need to talk about something important," Vritra said, as he sensed two pairs of eyes staring at them from the shadows.

As he expected, the king had already sent his men to keep an eye on Vanessa. Maybe because her level was still too low, he wasn’t completely sure about his discovery and needed to spy on her to confirm it.

’It isn’t the guard that the king sent, but these two spies are both at the early levels of the Legion rank.’ Vritra thought, and Yasmine informed him of the same. Pretending as if he hadn’t noticed anything, they began following their daily routine.

The group of four walked to the hotel and began eating. But even after eating, they stayed there. Vritra whispered something to the three women, then he leaned back, sat relaxedly, and closed his eyes as if he was about to take a short nap after that long, hard battle.

The two men continued to stare at them from the outside. These two were the king’s hidden troops, who were responsible for gathering information. Even though this mission was so easy, both of them were still doing their best.

They kept looking at the group carefully. Diana, Vanessa, and Fiona began to chat among themselves and no longer disturbed Vritra, who seemed to have fallen asleep. His breathing became even.

"Did you hear what he said?" the first spy asked. Their bodies were covered in darkness, and it was almost impossible to see or locate them.

"No," the other answered.

This duo of spies was the best among all the others and most trusted by the king. Just from the fact that Henry sent them here, it was obvious how important this matter was to him. So the two became extremely careful, not to miss even a tiny detail, even if it seemed useless.

Whatever they were seeing was also being recorded by a glyph.

A few minutes passed, but there were absolutely no changes. Vritra was still resting, and the three women were chatting about random things. But this didn’t bore the two spies—they could continue to keep watch like this for days. They had even completed assassination missions for the king before.

"Forbid: Sound!!"

[Forbidden Activated!!]

The two spies felt air rustling against their bodies, and they paid it no mind. But in the next moment, two hands appeared out of nowhere and wrapped around the head of the first spy.

The first spy tried to scream and inform the other, but no voice came out of his mouth. He was so baffled by the sudden change that he couldn’t react in time.

WHOOSH

With another faint sound of air, the first spy disappeared.

A couple of seconds passed, and the second spy felt that something was amiss. He glanced to the side but only saw two palms before they wrapped around his head and twisted it backward with a crackling sound.

The second assassin didn’t die just from the breaking of his neck. He was still in perfect control of his body—but then his body was dragged through the air, away from the city at an extreme speed.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...