Chapter 363: Zihong!!

"So mugger, show me, what is the treasure you stole from that city?" Vritra spoke, looking behind.

Onest, who was busy sightseeing with the windows closed, suddenly froze. He pretended not to have heard Vritra, scratching a spot on the glass window.

"Tell me, or I will hand you over to that General Sirius. I’m sure he would love to put a mugger like you to justice," Vritra threatened.

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +1}

Previously, Onest still had confidence in defeating Vritra, but now, he felt afraid of him.

"O-okay, I don’t know what’s inside." Sighing, he took out the same box and passed it to Vritra.

Creating a third arm of dust, Vritra used it to control the steering wheel, then opened the box with force.

BANG

With a loud noise he broke the lock and removed the cover, finally revealing two objects.

There was a ring and a scroll inside. First he picked up the ring and tried his appraisal on it.

『

[Ring of Escape]

[Description]: A one-time use item. Whenever you are in danger, insert your mana and you will be teleported to a random location far enough from your original position.

Be careful though, it might end up landing you into an even bigger problem.

』

’It is useless for me,’ Vritra thought, but for now, he kept it in his inventory. Then he picked up the scroll and opened it.

There was a name mentioned at one of its corners.

THE TALES OF ZIHONG!

Vritra wondered which among the two things was the bigger treasure. The ring was certainly valuable but not enough to anger those people so much.

So, the scroll must be the main treasure. Sceptically, he began to read it.

It actually seemed to be a story about a person named Zihong, an ordinary kid who used to live outside the Quartz continent.

But in a demon invasion, he ended up losing his entire family and was kidnapped to become a slave.

Spending more than thirty years among the demons, when he came out, he had become a God.

’Hmm, God? Wifey, do you know anything about this?’ Vritra asked, pausing in the middle.

"Yeah, it is quite a famous tale. I had heard it when I was little. It was said that Zihong could destroy entire kingdoms and continents with a single punch.

For forty years, all the demons got into hiding, afraid that Zihong would come.

His attack, I think it was called something like Charged Fist or something, was famous and deadly.

Only after he disappeared did the demons finally dare to come out from their hiding," Yasmine replied, surprising Vritra with this tale.

’Whoa, he was that powerful? No wonder those people were so upset when this thing got stolen. But does it contain anything important?’ Vritra thought before continuing to read further.

Zihong ascended to Godhood but he left behind his strongest attack, The Charged Fist!

Among the ten locations mentioned, one contains Zihong’s legacy. Only this key can open the door.

’So this map is the key...’ Vritra understood its importance, but he wondered how such an important thing landed in the hands of that city chief.

"It is a good thing, let’s just keep it for now. If we are lucky enough to find the legacy, that would be great," Yasmine added, knowing just how fierce the competition for such things in the continent is.

’Hmm, it’s a nice thing. Anyway, before we reach the continent, let’s put all those droplets to use,’ Vritra thought as he put away the map and focused on the status panel.

[Elegy Parasite Activated.]

Instantly his body went on autopilot and Vritra began to absorb the large amount of knowledge as his connection with the skill became stronger rapidly.

It wasn’t long before a storm of dust began to swirl around the car. The higher his comprehension became, the more majestic the phenomenon around him became.

{Used 1 Palette Droplet!}

{Used 1 Palette Droplet!}

{Used 1 Palette Droplet!}

...

{Increasing Dust Manipulation comprehension!}

{Increasing Dust Manipulation comprehension!}

{Increasing Dust Manipulation comprehension!}

...

{Dust Manipulation: 11%}

{Dust Manipulation: 12%}

{Dust Manipulation: 13%}

...

Finally, he used the twenty-fourth palette droplet.

{Dust Manipulation: 27%}

{Palette Droplet: 20}

Just at the twenty-seven percent mark, the skill had grown tremendously. Normally, people would have to spend dozens upon dozens of years even to raise a quarter of that.

’Dust manipulation has grown quite a lot.’ Just based on his mood, it was as if the dust around him reacted. No wonder people put so much importance on Fields.

But now it was time to invest the remaining palette droplets into Null. He wasn’t sure what kind of changes would occur.

Excitedly, he began to put one palette droplet after another into the Null Field.

{Used 1 Palette Droplet!}

{Increasing Null comprehension!}

{Null: 1%}

...

Maybe because Dust Manipulation was still not that high-ranked, but the amount of information he received with Null was several times higher.

Vritra had to take a small break after adding each of the droplets.

And by the time he was finished with the twentieth droplet, he could feel a vast change in his surroundings.

[Null Activated.]

Vritra stared into the empty space, seeing countless nodes that filled the whole space, each one connecting to every other.

By this time, they were already quite close to the continent. Just some more time and they would be able to enter.

He even felt a close connection with time. After a moment, he mumbled, "Pause."

The car and everything around him suddenly paused in time, frozen completely. Vritra could move just fine, but only ten or so meters around him were frozen.

At just twenty percent, he could already pause time. Vritra was amazed, though the consumption of Mana was quite high.

But with Suck! Suck! Suck! Vritra could continue this state for quite long.

He deactivated the skills as everything once again returned to normal. The people in the car didn’t seem to have noticed anything.

’Comprehending Fields is awesome. I need to increase them all to a hundred percent as soon as possible,’ Vritra thought, and to do that he would have to be as wild as he could in the Quartz continent.

As for his family, he was sure even their strength would shoot up in this continent—this was a place of countless opportunities.

[Null Activated.]

He focused on one of the nodes and then spent some of his energy while interacting with it.

Instantly, his body was teleported to a random point nearly two kilometers away in the sky. It was so sudden that Vritra was frozen for a moment.

"Whoa, awesome—wait, the car!" Only then did he remember the driverless car that was moving quite fast.

But just as he was about to take control of the steering wheel with the help of dust, the car smashed at full speed into an iron pole.

BANG!!

All the people inside were startled, but almost all of them quickly stabilized their bodies. Even Bullo jumped off in time.

Only Monk Shitless was the one who wasn’t able to react in time; the poor guy had just fallen asleep.

His body shot forward and broke through the window as his head smashed against the pole.

"Krrkkhhh—"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...