Chapter 477: Death

BAANNNGGGGGGGG!

He directly smashed into the countless blades, which halted him briefly.

Activating all his fields, Vritra’s body became a mess of several colours, exploding violently as radioactive radiations spread in all directions.

The tip of the blades hovered just a few millimeters from his skin, atoms struggling to hold one of Darius’s strongest attacks.

Finally, one of the blades pressed against his skin but got turned into powder.

"FASTER FASTER FASTER!!!"

70%

Seeing the blinding light inching closer to his mother, he put every bit of his strength, pushing forward with so much force that he actually began to feel some pain.

’Damnit how is he...’ Darius struggled with all his might, he did succeed in slowing down Vritra a little but then...

BOOOOOOOOOOM

The sky itself burned with purple flames, spreading like a tsunami as all the blades got destroyed, and Darius got blown away.

Coughing out blood, he looked at Vritra with disbelief but then rushed back towards him.

Yennefer, Maeve, the soul wraiths all rushed towards them but weren’t fast enough to be of help to him.

Vritra tried to slow down time or even stop it but somehow none of it was working, only increasing his desperation since that blinding light was still faster.

Oracle wasn’t called the brain of the Golden Moon for no reason, just after seeing or even hearing about his abilities, he would prepare something against it.

And so, most of Vritra’s abilities failed to give him an advantage.

Dago and the two phoenix emperors also tried to stop Vritra, but they failed to catch up with him.

Vritra activated Suck! Suck! Suck! at maximum capability, sucking away the entire mana from the city even as he felt like exploding but used it to increase his speed to match Oracle’s.

’More More...’ He had only covered 70 percent, his speed even surpassing that of the fastest human though he was hurting himself in the process.

Oracle looked at Vritra in shock, but he had to remove the possibility of Vritra joining the Bone Blood Cult.

"Sir Giant!!" He let out a scream with all his might, the old man might be the only one who could stop Vritra now.

"Sigh don’t put the focus on me."

Sir Giant was already closer to Vanessa, he suddenly flashed before Vritra, his arms transformed gigantic and red then raising them, he punched Vritra without holding back at all.

"Sorry young guy, I don’t like hitting others but if I don’t go all out then I wont be able to stop you."

Vritra formed a shield with Goop in front of him, sensing the destructive strength in the punch, the strength far surpassing his own.

BOOOOOOOOOM!!

The Goop shield was broken after struggling for a few moments, then appeared the atomic which held on but his body got blasted back.

"We have to stop him..." Maeve gritted her teeth, her heart aching and she couldn’t even imagine what losing his mother could do to him.

He was extremely strong but she had seen his vulnerable side too, and knew that this would break him completely.

Maeve and Yennefer both used all their strength to rush towards the Oracle but their speed couldn’t match his.

’Why isn’t even Null working? Why aren’t most of my abilities working?’ Yennefer felt the anger boil inside her, she was sure that the Oracle must be behind all this.

This just might have been his trump card but because of Red he had to reveal it.

While Red was still struggling to get free from Pink’s grasp.

Kryn, the demons and several other dark organizations were just watching.

80%

"NOOOOOOO!!"

Vritra wasn’t hurt but his momentum broke, he tried to rush forward again. But suddenly, several people grabbed him back, stopping him from moving.

Vritra had shifted his points to agility so his strength had weakened.

Dago, Darius, two phoenix emperors, Tin, Vin, Big Guy, and many others all got together to stop him.

"Now just take the girl away, then- oh!" After stopping Vritra, Sir Giant turned around as his arm returned to normal.

His face got filled with surprise as he saw Oracle who had already gotten close to Vanessa, raising his right glowing arm.

’He plans to kill her?’ Even Sir Giant was confused, wondering why he was taking things to extreme. But maybe it was because Vritra was the divine that they had to even remove everything related to him.

He could only sigh and look back at Vritra in pity, sensing how badly Vritra wanted to save her.

No matter how he got entangled with the divine and demon stuff, he was still a kid, but Sir Giant could do nothing.

81%

82%

Vritra’s heart was clenched as he saw what Oracle was planning, he tried to break free, even if it meant tearing his limbs apart but his strength fell short.

A black fluid rushed out of his body, desperately trying to reach the Oracle, but Goop’s speed wasn’t enough.

Yasmine couldn’t even imagine how much pain he must be feeling, but she was even more powerless.

The sight of Oracle’s hand getting closer to Vanessa’s body made even her lose her mind.

Vritra was going completely insane.

87%

...

90%

"STOOOOPPPPP!!" Vritra let out a roar, fear making its way into his heart, the world was slowly turning red in his eyes.

But even as the purple flames burned their flesh, the several lords held him back, following the Oracle’s order.

And if Vritra did lose his mind, it would be a lot easier to kill him.

All the soul wraiths exploded at once, killing several warriors from the other side.

Then Vritra again called them, as Dark Knight and Hellmancer burst forth with destructive energy.

Stunning the group of lords, and momentarily loosening their grips, Vritra finally managed to break free as the radioactive radiations clung to their arms.

Vanessa was shaking her head, her eyes filled with tears, the love and pain clearly visible in her eyes.

It was as if she was begging him not to get closer, not to get hurt.

"NOOOOO MOM-"

WHOOSH

But in the next instant, Oracle’s hand slashed through her body, tearing her apart as she got consumed by the burning bright light.

Her body began to burn, even in her last moment she kept looking into his eyes, begging him to leave.

Life slowly disappeared from her eyes, her body fading away and disappearing into nothingness; her tears disappearing before they could fall.

Vritra felt as if life had been sucked out of him, his body falling to his knees motionlessly as his mother completely vanished, from his sight, from his life.

The hollow feeling completely consumed him, a pain far greater than anything filled him, tearing him from inside.

Not even dying before was as painful.

Oracle’s lips curled up, he watched as Vanessa’s blood got burned from his arm, all demons deserved this.

He was happy to have served justice. The whole place suddenly turned completely silent, Vritra was sitting there without any sort of defence yet no one got closer to him.

The soul wraiths suddenly began to tremble as they looked at their master, terrified at what was about to happen.

"Now this is your turn." Oracle said, turning to Vritra whose face wasn’t visible.

100%

200%

...

500%

800%

1000%

All limits were broken as the destruction swallowed everything in the next moment.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...