Chapter 180: Sweet Punishment [R-18]

Vritra and Diana’s lips met in a soft kiss. The goddess had absolutely no experience and just followed Vritra’s lips. He pulled her upper lip into his mouth and sucked lightly on it, moving his tongue from one corner to the other. Her mouth tasted really delicious.

Vritra nibbled on her lips and sucked them lightly. Her soft cherry lips stretched softly each time he pulled before bouncing back with a moist sound.

Before continuing the kiss, Vritra suddenly pulled his head back and gazed down at her intoxicated face. She seemed really lost in the kiss just now and stared at Vritra in confusion, wondering why he stopped all of a sudden when it felt so good.

"I almost forgot, you needed to be punished for two things. You can’t just enjoy it, right? First for almost killing me and then putting Mom at risk. You didn’t think feeling good would be your punishment, right?" Vritra asked as he pulled back and sat on his knees.

"Haa W-What do you mean? I thought... haa haa... this was already the punishment..." Diana said in a low voice, just wanting to continue with this wonderful punishment. Just the act of kissing felt incredibly good that she wanted to kiss him all the time.

"Heh, you seemed to be enjoying this a bit too much for it to be a punishment, don’t you?" Vritra said as he pulled her up suddenly and her boobs smashed into his chest, before adding:

"Let’s continue this after your punishment, so get on all fours and face the other direction. You need some hard spankings," Vritra said as he rubbed his palms together. Previously, he only slapped her ass cheek over her clothes, but hitting them directly would feel a thousand times better.

Diana wanted to reject him at first but before she could say anything, her body moved on its own as she got on all fours and raised her huge ass towards Vritra, feeling extremely ashamed to show every part of her body so openly to him.

"Are you ready for your punishment?" Vritra asked as he raised his right hand, gazing down at her squishy and soft ass cheeks.

"Y-Yeah, you can— Aaaaaah~" Before she could finish, Vritra’s right hand descended as his fingers and palm hit her ass cheek hard, a loud slapping sound filling the barrier.

SMACK

A shock ran through her body. Her soft ass cheek jiggled and a clear red print appeared over her milky white skin, as a soft sensation spread across Vritra’s hand.

SMACK

But without stopping to savour the feeling, he slapped her ass again before the pain from the previous one disappeared. As his palm came in contact with her creamy skin, his fingers sank into her flesh for just a moment, and then it bounced back as Vritra pulled his hand away.

"Aaaaah~ Hnnnnng~ Kiyaaaaah~ I-I am sorrrrryyyyyyyy~ Haaaaaa~ I-I was wrongggggg~ Uuuuumph~" With each spank, the goddess let out a shameful moan. Aside from the pain on her back, a strange pleasurable sensation filled her body with each slap. Her pussy began to feel all tingly and itchy; she couldn’t understand why his slap brought her such pleasure.

SMACK SMACK SMACK

Slaps after slaps landed on both her ass cheeks. The goddess’s butt had turned red and prints of his hands were all over her skin. Her ass was undoubtedly hurting badly, but it also made her more sensitive. Each slap brought her close to some sort of climax, and her vagina became more and more itchy.

Some warm fluid had started to leak down her thighs within moments.

After delivering dozens of slaps to each side, Vritra paused and gazed at his artwork. Her body was shivering and she continued to moan even after he had stopped hitting.

Vritra lightly touched her soft ass cheek, pressing his palm against her smooth red skin and rubbed his hand over her cheeks. But her back had become incredibly sensitive. Just that light caress almost made her orgasm. If she didn’t have the ability to heal faster, Diana wouldn’t have been able to sit for a few days.

"I think this much is enough for now. I will keep the rest of the punishment for later. I don’t want to damage my slave, after all," Vritra mumbled as he lightly squeezed her butt before leaning forward and pressing his lips against her smooth, naked upper back.

As he grabbed her breasts and began to knead them hard, the goddess’s eyes were half closed as she enjoyed his light caress after the hard play. Vritra kissed and sucked the skin of her back, kissing the skin above her spine as his tongue slid upwards.

Plastering kisses all over her back, Vritra soon arrived at her shoulders while squeezing her boobs and pinching her nipples, almost as if he were milking them. His chest was pressed against her back while his cock got stuck between her red ass cheeks.

He began to suck her neck, biting that sweet creamy skin. Her breath caught as his mouth lingered, warm and hungry, gently sucking at the soft, creamy slope just below her ear—each pull sending a quiet ache down her body.

He sucked gently—slow, wet, and teasing. As his lips and tongue slid from her neck to shoulder, Diana continued to release soft pleasurable sighs. His bites and kisses felt so good, making her body melt into his.

Vritra continued to kiss all over her neck and shoulder from behind until her skin was covered in his bite marks. Finally, Vritra pulled back as his penis came out of the crack of her ass cheeks. He gently turned her around and pressed her body under him again before taking her lips into a passionate kiss.

Diana was like a kid who was learning something new and interesting and seemed very excited. Her lips messily moved over his as their kiss became wet and sloppy. The faint sound of their lips rubbing and sliding over one another could be heard by both of them.

Vritra pushed his tongue forward and struck her lips with the tip. Diana was surprised at first and didn’t know what to do with the tentative movement. Her soft lips slowly parted as his tongue moved past the first barrier and continued to move before hitting her pearl-like teeth.

The goddess possessed low to zero knowledge about intimacy. She didn’t even know how a passionate kiss was done, but she knew Vritra should be more experienced than her. So, despite feeling strange at letting his tongue inside her mouth, she still moved her teeth.

Finally, with no barrier in sight, Vritra’s tongue marched directly into the enemy’s territory. Diana moaned into his mouth and shivered as his soft and wet tongue began to lick all over inside her mouth. It was such a foreign feeling—his warm tongue rubbing and wriggling in her mouth.

GASP

It wasn’t long before his tongue lightly brushed against Diana’s hesitant tongue as she gasped in surprise. Vritra attacked with full force as he pushed his tongue against hers and completely wrapped around her sweet tongue.

GULP GULP

"Mmmmm~ w-waik Hmmmm~" Diana moaned, but she couldn’t speak as their tongues became entangled into a wet mess, their salivas mixing as Diana gulped it all unconsciously while trying to breathe through her mouth.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...