Chapter 471: Monstrosity

"Wha-" Maeve stared at Yennefer dumbfounded, her expression making the betrayal more evident.

"When master finds out-!!" the demoness shouted in a loud voice, but Yennefer cut her off in the middle.

"He won’t find out. And I still hate the demons just as much, just not him." Yennefer spoke, her expression turning cold and emotionless.

"Good choice, it wouldn’t feel good to attack a friend." The big guy with a height over three meters spoke.

Killing a lord is not an easy task. If they made even a slight mistake and somehow the lord managed to escape, then they could never stay relaxed.

"Let’s get this over with, kill this fox demon." Pink, still wearing pink-colored lingerie, said, pointing a finger towards Maeve.

The two women were already in their original forms.

"Wait, something... is not right." Oracle suddenly stopped them, his brows furrowing.

"Oh, how surprising, you caught up fast." Suddenly, a heavy twisted male voice came out of Yennefer’s mouth.

And then her body transformed. Within moments, the person who stood among the eleven men was Raelion.

"Raelion? This rat, how is he still alive and perfectly fine?" Han shouted in shock.

"Did you join hands with Vritra?" Darius questioned, getting ready to battle the siblings, Maeve and Raelion.

"No, we are not even real." Then the same thing happened with Maeve, as exactly the same voice came from her throat.

And then her body twisted and transformed into Ziggy, the fat pig demon.

"What’s going on?" The big guy looked at Oracle and questioned, the group completely confused.

"I-" but the transformation was not yet over, as the two bodies twisted unnaturally and appeared in the pitiful state they were in after their deaths.

"Don’t worry, we both are already dead." The two spoke at the same time and then...

CORPSE EXPLOSION

"RUNNN-" Oracle flashed away at extreme speed using his light field, his speed unmatched by anyone.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

The bodies of the lord and Piggy exploded at the same time, engulfing the ten men before they could react.

The explosion was extremely big, as the body of a lord was used to generate all the destructive energy.

"COUGH COUGH How unexpected, so they weren’t as clueless about this attack." Sir Giant coughed out smoke, shaking his head in disappointment.

"Tsk My hair got burned! Damnit!" Vin and Tin both came out of the explosion with slight injuries, but their heads were completely bald.

Though the injuries disappeared within a few moments.

Despite the deadly explosion that might have brought a general rank easily to death’s door, the group survived without any effort.

"Haa I wished to take things easy, but we are now left with no other choice." Sir Giant also flew out of the flames, not even his clothes were damaged.

The eleven men reunited, and the focus was on Oracle.

"Sir Pink, uh, your lingerie, it caught fire on the front." Oracle gestured with his eyes, as everyone’s gaze moved down towards Pink’s crotch.

"Mmm Don’t mind it, I love it a little painful. Tell us what you plan on next?" Pink said, making no effort to put out the fire.

"Cough Anyway, there is no plan next. Kill Vritra and anyone who gets in the way. He should already be trapped." Finally, they disappeared, heading back towards the arena.

***

"Oh, all of us had been keeping watch over you, though indirectly, so how did you find out? I am sure you even sent that shadow to protect them."

Red questioned, even more surprised at Vritra’s ability and thinking.

"There are always ways to find that, no matter how good at hiding you all are."

Vritra replied with a shrug, then he looked back at the bloody scene, sighing to himself.

He knew this was Red’s plan too somehow, but didn’t know if those three were actually real or not.

’Sigh, it is finally time...’ Vritra sensed the large crowd of people from different races surrounding the arena.

The people sitting inside the arena suddenly quieted down, then their bodies floated and aligned as if in a certain formation.

"They were already prepared, not only are they making escaping impossible for us but even reducing our strength by at least 40%." Yasmine spoke.

Soon countless figures became visible around the arena as the mist completely disappeared.

There were the six seats: Oracle, Tin, Vin, Sir Giant, Pink, and Big Guy.

Dago, Darius, and the two Phoenix emperors. Kryn, the leader of the Grieves; Red, the leader of the Bone Blood Cult; the leader of Nine Pacts, several demon lords, and many others who held high power, each along with their enormous army.

None of them were holding back.

Some had plans to recruit Vritra, like the Grieves, Nine Pacts, and Bone Blood Cult if possible, or stop others from having him.

So their collective goal could be considered to kill him.

The armies of humans, dragons, demons, phoenixes, and Grieves stretched far and wide, their number reaching in millions.

All the people had already been evacuated from there, the people had been shifted as far away from that place as possible, with most being outside the continent.

This war seemed to be at an even higher level than when the gods fought, all of this for just a single person.

"Where is she? Where is Yennefer?!!" Darius let out a frightening aura, pressing down on Vritra and the armies around, as if a sharp sword was pressed against their throats.

Oracle snapped his fingers, as all the puppets paused in their places and the formation finally started—the one they had spent so much time and resources creating.

Instantly decreasing Vritra’s strength by more than 40%.

’I... have a feeling that I might not survive this battle, so let’s just go all out.’ Vritra closed his eyes for a few moments, tilting his head up as he felt the cool air breezing against his skin.

There was pin-drop silence. Even though they greatly underestimated Vritra, none still made a move. Vritra pushed Lost Power to the minimal and then...

[Switch Activated.]

[Switch: Demonification (100%)]

A deadly aura spread hundreds of miles with Vritra being the center.

Most of the people in the army were crushed down to their knees.

His natural aura merged with the Death Pill he had eaten, his presence fighting against the auras of all the enemies combined.

It was as if several powerful lords were standing there, hurled together.

Two horns appeared over his head, his body covered with purplish energy. His red cloth fluttered around his body, slowly changing form.

10%

[Atomic Activated.]

Even the air could no longer touch him, staying at least a centimeter from his skin, atoms moving at extreme speed.

[Dust Manipulation Activated.]

A black symbiotic-type fluid appeared over his clothes before stretching towards his arms as two extremely sharp swords appeared in his hands.

Then Goop was further covered by the dust that churned over the blades, making them deadlier.

A storm of dust suddenly engulfed the entire Cloud City, within moments bringing all houses and buildings to rubble.

Then several monsters took form around Vritra: Dark Knight, Hellmancer, Psyche, Bob, and Bobby.

[Nether Eye Activated.]

A third eye opened over Vritra’s forehead as he took a step forward, the land cracking under his feet. The armies were already shivering, wondering what sort of monstrosity they were about to fight.

And this was after he had already lost 40% of his strength.

[Demonic Dragon God’s Transformation Activated.]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...