Chapter 252: Most wonderful, intelligent, talented and...

The pair of mother and son went at their training for several hours and then slept for a little while, embracing each other comfortably.

The next morning, Vritra woke up a bit late. Instead of going to the Small Forest where danger might still be lingering, he decided to let Fiona and the others train in one of the training areas of the castle.

They gathered at the dining table to have breakfast together, and Vritra explained the plan to all the women.

After breakfast, he wanted to meet the crown prince to arrange a training area for them all, but the crown prince seemed to be cooped up in his room.

He barely ever came out, so Vritra just asked one of the guards to bring them to a training area. After going there, he locked the area so that no one would be able to see anything, then he sent Ghost, Ghoul, and Psyche to bring demons for the three women to fight.

Bringing the demons into the castle wasn’t too hard for such strong soul wraiths. And currently, Fiona had become the strongest of the three; she could solo kill all the demons that were brought here.

He sat over a chair not too far away and watched his mother, Fiona, and Diana fight against the demons. While observing them, Vritra pondered about something and asked:

’That Field thing, how do I learn or use that?’

"You have to select a particular ability, element, or something else and then comprehend it; not just in practice but theory as well. You must have a deeper understanding of that thing," Yasmine explained simply.

’Does it even have any benefit?’ Vritra questioned.

"Of course, your Field could bring wonderful transformations. It could grow in unimaginable ways. Without a doubt, they would increase your strength.

A person with a stronger Field would always be the winner, even if the other person is a level or two higher.

Not to mention, in the future, your Field will transform into a domain. Have you thought about what sort of Field you plan to comprehend?" she answered.

’Hmm, I am thinking of Null, but I am not exactly sure... can a person have two Fields?’ he asked after thinking for a moment.

"In theory, yes, but under the rarest of combinations and possibilities. Still, I have never heard of anything like that before," Yasmine replied.

’...’ For some reason, after seeing a few parts of Yasmine’s past, he felt that she just might be the one with two Fields. It was just a feeling, but all the trouble that befell her family had something to do with her Field.

And he didn’t believe that a Fire Field—although very strong—could be the reason behind all that.

Maybe her parents were aware of it and tried to hide it from everyone, but of course, they weren’t very successful. In the end, she lost both her parents and barely managed to preserve her own life.

Yasmine spoke and brought him out of his thoughts:

"Null is too complicated. It compromises the ability of time, but there is more to it. The Scarlet Couple were only able to use Time ability to some extent.

Even they didn’t dare to use it as their Field, and now Yennefer must already have a Field so she can’t change it. Anyway, what I want to say is, you might find extreme challenges, dangers, and failures if you really follow this path."

’... I understand. I still want to give it a try. Null... let’s start with time then.’ Vritra made up his mind, but this was no place to train Null and experiment.

’Oh right, at what level can one turn their Fields into domains?’ Vritra asked. There was still so much left in this new world to know about.

"Once you enter the 7th Legion rank. Well, by the 5th Legion rank, you should get as close to the perfection of your Field as you can, though only very, very few could reach that perfection state—one in a hundred million, or even a thousand million. Then you start molding it into your domain," she replied.

’Did you reach perfection?’ Vritra followed with another question.

"Heh, ask anyone who is the youngest to ever achieve the Perfect Field throughout the entire history till the present," Yasmine said, her voice full of confidence.

"Is that so?" Vritra hummed, then he looked at Fiona and called her: "Fiona, can you come here for a moment?"

Vanessa and Diana took over, and Fiona stopped fighting. She wiped her sweat and walked closer to Vritra, looking absolutely stunning and cool.

"Do you know who is the youngest to ever achieve the Perfect Field throughout the entire history till the present?" he asked.

"No, I don’t." Fiona shrugged her shoulders, wondering why he was asking this question.

’Heh, what do you have to say about this, wifey?’ Vritra joked.

Yasmine rolled her eyes. He was catching her habit of teasing him. Diana, who was curiously observing Vritra, felt that he might be genuinely curious. Feeling excited, she answered:

"It was the former Dragon Queen, Yasmine Firehart. She achieved what most people couldn’t achieve throughout their lives at just the age of twenty, a terrifying genius—"

"Yeah, yeah, go back to your training." Vritra said, shooing her away with his hand.

Diana pouted, her shoulders slumping. She had just been answering his question.

"Hehe, see? What do you have to say about this, hubby?" Yasmine laughed at Diana’s comical timing. The goddess was really becoming cuter by the day.

’Yeah, yeah, I know I have married the most wonderful, intelligent, and talented woman in the entire world—’ Vritra was praising but was interrupted.

"You forgot to add beautiful and strong, I think... hehe." Yasmine just loved teasing him so much. Previously she couldn’t have imagined that just talking with her man could be so fun and relaxing. It was as if no problems were left in the world.

’Yes, my wife is the best at everything. Happy?’ Vritra really wanted to bring this perfect wife of his into her body—after all, she still had many overdue spankings.

Just then, their conversation was broken by Fiona: "Can we talk for a bit?"

"Sure." Vritra pulled her close and let the beautiful girl sit over his lap. As he wrapped his arms around her delicate waist, he knew exactly what she was going to talk about.

Kissing her cheek, he spoke: "Just say whatever you want to say, don’t hesitate."

"...Your relation with Diana and your mom, I have some idea, so is it really...? I know that is why you haven’t taken that final step with me. I am ready, so please tell me." Fiona asked slowly.

"Yes, I am in a romantic relation with them. Well, not yet with Diana, but yeah, they are both my women as well. Do you want to leave me because of that?" Vritra asked, looking at her face emotionlessly.

"...Can you leave them?" Fiona thought for a few seconds and asked. She was holding her breath without even knowing it.

"No." Vritra answered with a single word.

"Sigh... And I can’t leave you. I don’t want to leave you. I just don’t want to be neglected or thrown away in the future. I trust you, but... that thought is a little too scary." Fiona said, finally releasing her breath.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...