Chapter 524 Threats

"Do you understand? So, right after marriage, just come here to live with us, that way things will be easier." Shen finished, taking over full twenty minutes.

"Hmm hmm can you repeat? I think I lost you at that single touch, it could do what again?" Vritra asked, the only good thing about this was the thousands of sin points he was collecting by just standing there.

"It's alright, I will later give you the rules book. Make sure you remember all of it."

After speaking, Shen smiled and turned to face the crowd, then patting Vritra's shoulder he spoke: "The marriage will be held one week from now, I invite you all to give your blessings."

After speaking a few more words, Shen asked: "Do you wish to say something as well?"

"…" Vritra pondered and decided to use this chance to stir some trouble and also get sin points.

Cluelessly, he put a finger over his chin, tilted his head and asked: "Um… I can't tell them about the attack we are planning on the other three families after marriage right?"

Shen: "…"

"W- What? They are planning a war against the other top families?"

Vritra had said that out loud, his voice heard by everyone.

"Haha stop joking around, don't take those words seriously. My brother in law loves to joke. We will even be inviting all three families to our special event"

Just as he was speaking, an announcement rang out.

"The Star family has come!"

"The Trant family has come!"

"The Grant family has come!"

The other three families had finally arrived, together, as if waiting for just the perfect moment to make their appearance.

"Oh, are you sure your idiotic brother in law is really just joking? I wouldn't want to turn such a wholesome event into a battlefield." A voice sounded from the entrance, as all heads turned to look back.

The three families were already quite closely connected to one another and used their combined strength to suppress the other two.

The Yate family was already quite weak but the Ford family could be said to be the leading family, so even after getting together, the Star, Trant and Grant families barely opposed them.

Only the monarch of the Star family was a woman, while the monarchs of the Trant and Grant families had quite the robust bodies.

The two strong looking monarchs of the Trant and Grant families were coming along with their children.

Both had several sons and daughters, and it was evident how similar they were to their fathers.

Monarch Trant seemed the type who would think later and attack first, the muscle type who rarely used his brain.

While the Grant monarch seemed the exact opposite, right after stepping into the area, he was on high alert.

They had brought along soldiers and servants, and some gifts as well.

While the monarch of the Star family was yet to marry, and honestly, she was way past the marriage age.

She seemed at the perfect age to retire, and enjoy a life with her grandchildren, except she didn't have any.

The three groups made their way inside, instantly changing the whole atmosphere of the event.

"Go back to your seat and stay close to your father." Shen muttered, whatever might be the case, he had to now protect Art against all threats.

Thankfully, unlike what they had expected, he was quite suited for Teresa.

Sir Giant and others just expected the worst, even ready to break the marriage and face the god's wrath, but now there was no need.

"…" Vritra's appearance attracted the attention of several young ladies who instantly fell for him.

Some kept stealing glances while some were bold enough to ask the monarch to get him for them.

But for now there was some peace.

Soon, it was time to eat. All sorts of dishes flew magically in the air.

Those with higher importance were being served on their seats itself while others would have to go to the left side to eat.

Of course, Vritra and the Yates had the highest privilege.

"Son, are you okay? He didn't threaten you or anything right?" Gunter and Ava both asked with concern.

"Yeah, I am fine." Shrugging his shoulders, he continued to eat.

Many came up to Vritra to congratulate him but it was evident how sorry they all felt.

Some from the other three families came to indirectly mock him for his misfortune.

A couple of hours passed peacefully, many of the guests had already even left the place.

The three monarchs came to congratulate Gunter as well, though it seemed more like a threat.

Vritra decided to do the main thing he was actually here for. After locating Sir Giant, he decided to ask him about Yennefer.

"I will be back in a minute." Vritra excused himself and walked away from the crowd of women who were already head over heels for him.

"Hello, Sir Giant." Vritra called out, as the old guy turned and looked back at him in surprise.

"Art, there is no need for that, we are family now so just call me grandpa." Sir Giant said, he too approved of him.

'But I wonder if he is still as talented as when he was young? What even is his true strength?' he wondered, feeling annoyed that Vritra's strength was hidden by some treasure.

"Okay, I heard you too participated in that war over two years ago." He asked, not displaying any emotions.

"Ah that… yeah, I did participate in that bloody war, doing that might have been the biggest mistake of my life. Anyway, why do you ask?" Sir Giant replied.

His great grandson, Rich, was already quite handsome but Art's charms were off the charts.

'They would look truly good together…'

"I heard Yennefer too participated in the war, but she was never seen again after the war ended. I even heard you were the last person to see her. Do you know where she went?" Vritra questioned.

Sir Giant stared at him for a few moments, hearing that name after a long time, then sighing, he answered.

"No, she only came after Vritra had died, and I left her alone with his corpse. She left with him and just disappeared."

Vritra frowned, this was his only lead and he didn't obtain any information even from here.

This truly made him angry.

'Divine, if you don't tell me something of importance right now, then I will slaughter every single person present here. Then the entire Ford family!' Vritra threatened, of course he wouldn't kill Gunter and Ava but aside from them he would just kill everyone else.

There was silence for a few moments, as energy began to channel throughout Vritra's body in a deadly way.

He was ready to kill all of them.

"Wait, like I said, if you just follow you will" suddenly, the Divine's voice sounded, though it was strained as if he was low on energy.

'Enough of your games, say that one more time and that said bride of mine would be the first to be killed.' Vritra continued.

"…Fine fine, I can just tell you she is safe, you will find her as soon as you meet this said bride of yours. Haa you made me exhaust all my energy, now I won't be here for a while" and he was gone.

Just as Vritra was registering those words, the sky started turning black, and the expressions of all the Fords changed.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...