Chapter 285: Disappearance

Finally, after some time, it was their turn. The guards walked towards the armoured men and began to answer their questions.

"Okay, we need to check up all the carriages before you enter." One of the White kingdom’s guards said after reading the letter from the king of the Blue kingdom.

"Yes sir, please go ahead." The guard no longer felt any nervousness, anyone they were meeting wanted to do a check-up for some reason.

"..." After giving the letter back, they began to check the carriages one by one. And after twenty or so minutes of thorough check-up, the guards gave the green light for them to pass.

The large gates opened and the carriages finally entered the awaited White kingdom. All the windows of the carriages were open at this time, as everyone waited to see what this kingdom actually looked like.

"!!!" And upon entering, they were all actually shocked. The houses, the dress, and everything was so different from what they were used to.

There weren’t even carriages on the road, instead some sort of machines which didn’t need horses to pull them and were moving quite fast.

"Whoa, those things look quite similar to cars. The houses... it almost feels like I am back on earth but in the past!!" Fiona’s eyes were wide open. Unlike the previous kingdoms they had seen, there were even high buildings that resembled Earth.

The working method of everything was different. There had been many people who had come to this world from Earth in the past, but the advancement in technology was still a surprise.

’Wifey, are the places outside this continent even more developed?’ Vritra asked. This kingdom could still not be compared to Earth, but many of the technologies could be spotted here.

"Yeah, though it is all possible thanks to glyphs." Yasmine answered. She wasn’t really surprised by all this.

All of them watched the kingdom in amazement as the carriages moved through the city. They were going straight to the capital to meet the king, and for that they needed to travel around six to seven hours.

While watching the wonderful sights, the group finally arrived in the capital and in front of the castle, which seemed just out of this world.

Its structure looked so advanced and impossible. The entire castle was resting over ten pillars that raised it high in the air. Lots of guards were placed outside the door, their strength was above the 1st Legion rank.

Vritra waited in the carriage while the guards from the Blue kingdom informed the castle guards. After settling in the castle, his first goal was to gather as many sin points as he could. Not only did he plan to upgrade the arrow but at least one of his skills.

"You can enter, I have informed the commander about your arrival but be careful inside." The castle guard informed, and finally the carriages were allowed to enter.

The guards and servants separated from the six participants and Vritra’s group. They would be given separate living places for the time being.

While the group of ten was led into the castle by one of the guard commanders, Vritra was surprised since the level of all the people was so high.

"Please wait here, someone will come soon to explain a few things and make arrangements for you all." The commander said as he pointed to a room before taking his leave.

"Hah, what sort of shitty manner is it to treat your guests like this? They dare to leave us unattended? Heh, once I win the competition, I will beat the shit out of that lowly commander." Diddy said while following behind Karen.

"What the fuck! Why aren’t there any servants here?" another man said, as they entered the room.

Vritra shook his head. He took seats away from those embarrassments and chatted with the ladies with him.

It wasn’t long before a servant brought them various things to drink and eat.

And after a wait of around ten minutes, a middle-aged man wearing a robe and looking like an official working for the king entered the room and greeted them all warmly.

"Forgive me, I know this is not the best hospitality we could have given, but the times are rather tense. You ten had just arrived here, but I have bad news to deliver to you all." The robed man said as he pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed.

Finally, he continued: "Some time ago, our king, while giving a speech to the public, disappeared—or it would be more correct to say a strange spatial crack swallowed him."

COUGH COUGH

Vritra choked on a sip of juice. He put the glass aside and asked: "The king was swallowed by a spatial crack? Like how long ago was it?"

"Yes, it was too sudden, and we weren’t able to do anything. The time was around a month ago." The robed man answered.

’So it was because of me!! Fuck, so even before arriving here I had already dug traps for myself—wait, by trap there is something I remember.

While in the swamp, wasn’t there someone trying to impersonate the king of White kingdom...’ Vritra wondered, and his gaze shifted towards Diddy, who seemed frozen.

Diddy was the one to curse at that voice after all, so it really might have been the real king?!!

"Is something the matter, young man?" The official looked at Vritra and questioned.

"Uh... no, nothing at all." Vritra said, and Diddy heaved a sigh of relief. He almost pissed in his pants at the thought that he might have cursed at the real king.

"Anyway, I have already made arrangements for you all. Please follow me, I will personally show you to your rooms. My name is Sean, I am one of the ministers, and you can reach out to me if there is anything you need."

While speaking, Sean led them all to the 3rd floor of the enormous castle. It was entirely painted in white and looked really beautiful and lavish.

Ten rooms were arranged for the group, and each room was better than the rooms of kings of other kingdoms.

"So, what are you planning to do now?" Yasmine asked, as Vritra entered his room and started looking around.

’The tournament is still quite far away, and I need to know a bit more about this place before I can plan anything, while also being careful of Bone Blood Cult, Nine Pacts, Yennefer and... that’s all I think, for now.’ Vritra answered, as he made sure that there was nothing wrong with the room.

"Honey, these rooms are so spacious. What do you think if the four of us just take one room? You know, we should conserve space..." Vanessa asked, smiling mischievously.

"...Sure, if they are fine with it." He replied, wondering what his mother might be planning now, as Vanessa went to meet up with Fiona and Diana.

"Hmm, should we go out and explore this place a little?" Vritra wondered. He needed to gather more information and maybe try to find what Yasmine was sensing.

Vritra walked out of the room as well. He went to the next room where the three ladies were talking. After informing them, he walked out of the castle.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...