Chapter 362: The Little Devourer

Sirius had a warm smile on his face as he shook hands with Vritra and was introducing himself properly.

But in the next moment, the unsuspecting man received a deadly attack.

[Shift Activated.]

[Agility + Endurance → Strength]

’Forbid: The pain received through the groin increases by ten times.’

[Forbidden Activated.]

He even decided to test dust manipulation, as a layer of dust appeared over his knee and hardened to an extreme state.

And then...

BAANNNGGGG!

"Ooff—" For a moment, Sirius stared at Vritra’s face in disbelief; it was his trust that was broken first and then the two eggs.

"Oh—god— nnnngh! ssssss—ahhhhhhhh!" strange noises rang out.

Vritra clearly saw how the trust in the general’s eyes crumbled as his body jerked and shot toward the ground.

{Sin Point Gained: Couldn’t Breathe +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Petrified +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Shattered Faith +1}

...

The general smashed into the ground and began to convulse violently while clutching his crotch, intense waves of pain running through his body.

Vritra ignored the general. He flew ahead and was overjoyed that his defenses had become almost invincible.

He would have to see in the future what things could still hurt him, but this Divine Physique was just as great as the messages indicated.

"I wonder how great the power of the Divine Bloodline would be. Wait—what would happen if I use the energy core of the demon lord?

If my body can handle it, then won’t I be able to have the strength of the demon lord?" Vritra halted for a moment, becoming even more excited.

Since he had yet to completely make that core his own, the natural rate of energy conversion of the core was too slow, and so if he used it all, the core would need some time to refill.

First, he removed Rich’s appearance and took on a new one—a blind, frail boy, looking handsome and pitiful; an image that could make warmth flood others’ hearts.

He wrapped a black piece of cloth over his eyes, then flew some distance away from Sirius and closer to the continent.

The general would be out for a while.

"Now, let’s give it a try. If I can succeed, then I can finally start to merge this core into my body." Taking a deep breath, Vritra pulled out the dimensional book.

The car was present in one of the pages, and the people hadn’t even noticed anything.

Then he moved into a different small realm, using so much demonic power openly would attract too much attention.

[Book of Dimensions Activated.]

After appearing over a vast desert, Vritra wasted no time and instantly started his experiment.

[Switch Activated.]

He decided to start small.

[Switch: Demonification (5%)]

WHOOOSH

Suddenly, a big part of the forest buzzed with heavy pressure as bluish aura spread to a large area.

Horns appeared over Vritra’s body and his eyes began to glow with a bright red color, while purplish veins became clearly visible all over his pale, smooth skin.

Incredible power filled his body. The core was still resisting, but the violent body couldn’t really affect Vritra at all.

After a few seconds, Vritra decided to increase the power when he sensed no pain.

[Switch: Demonification (10%)]

BOOM

"So much power..." Vritra felt as if he could tear this small realm apart with a single hand.

The purity of the energy seemed higher than ever before and he could utilize the violent energy more efficiently now.

[Switch: Demonification (15%)]

[Switch: Demonification (20%)]

[Switch: Demonification (25%)]

...

Vritra finally stopped at forty percent; his body could actually hold all that power without even the slightest injury.

Even as his veins bulged and blood boiled inside his body, he felt perfectly fine, while his strength rose to a whole new level.

To the point that he could squash the human general Sirius without any effort.

"Perfect!! We are almost ready to go to the Dragon Kingdom. At this speed it won’t be long before we can actually be together," Yasmine exclaimed happily.

She longed for his touch, to properly feel his warmth, and actually claim her place as his first wife.

"Can we head to the Dragon Kingdom directly from the Quartz continent?" Vritra questioned.

He was really happy with this new outcome, but still, this was not completely his own strength, so he wasn’t satisfied.

"Yes, but there is no hurry. Only once you are strong enough that you won’t be in danger there can we really go," Yasmine replied.

She didn’t really care what was going on with the dragons.

Instead, she just wanted to traverse the world with her husband, living every day drowned in love and also enjoying all sorts of dramas and dangers with him.

"..." Vritra nodded but remained silent.

After thinking for a few seconds, he wondered if it would be possible to let the Evil-Veyll God Essence core swallow the demon lord’s core.

After all, he had complete control over the Evil-Veyll God Essence core, and this core held higher potential.

It could be a bit dangerous, but not anymore. After finding out about the Divine Physique’s capability, his confidence had increased—but not to the point of overconfidence.

First, he focused on the Evil-Veyll God Essence core. He hadn’t used this purple core in quite some time, so quite a bit of Essence had already gathered inside.

This core was like an excited child, full of vitality and excitement but extremely destructive.

If Vritra could land a hit on his opponent’s body with this energy, then even demon-lord-ranked beings could be injured, it was that powerful and dangerous.

As Vritra’s consciousness interacted with the core, the purple core reacted quite cheerfully.

After observing the Evil-Veyll God Essence core for a few minutes, Vritra then began to lead a path towards the sealed demonic core.

And the purple core easily understood Vritra’s motive as it followed all his instructions.

Vritra loosened the seal slightly and connected the two cores directly, making a sort of energy channeling path.

The purple core had never disturbed the demon lord’s core before since it could hurt Vritra, but now that its own master was ordering it to do it, the godly core began to greedily devour the energy of the demonic core.

While the demon lord’s core, upon sensing the danger, began to rampage in his body, but now it was completely useless.

Seeing this, the blue core began to steal more and more of its energy.

Vritra observed the exchange for a while.

Thankfully, no matter how much the blue core tried to hurt him from inside, he remained perfectly fine.

After the process is complete, Vritra would finally be able to freely use that energy and even the replenishing speed would be faster, while his strength will have a very, very massive jump.

Though the whole process was going to take the time of a few days, probably.

Vritra let the two cores play among themselves. Satisfied with his experiments, he left the dimensional book and even brought the car out.

Back to the driver’s seat, his mind was filled with lots of thoughts about the future.

The best thing that happened now was him obtaining the invincible body and the Evil-Veyll God Essence core getting stronger rapidly.

While driving, Vritra turned his head back and spoke: "So mugger, show me, what is the treasure you stole from that city?"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...