Chapter 463: Goop

"Thank you, master, I will cherish your gift." Hellmancer looked quite happy to get a new weapon, after Vritra allowed him to leave.

The dark sorcerer travelled away and instantly began to test the staff, it was just perfect for him, the previous one couldn’t even compare.

"What a bountiful draw, this staff is good." Vritra observed Hellmancer’s show of power for a few moments before turning back to the messages.

[You have acquired the Goop.]

3

『

[Goop]

[Rank]: Lord (Growth type)

[Description]: An intangible, indestructible, growable deadly weapon that supports all fields, increases the strength of the wielder greatly, provides high defence, can never be destroyed, and supports healing and concealment.

』

"...Isn’t this weapon too OP? Something made perfectly to match my taste? This is awesome."

Vritra took a few moments to appreciate the information, liking it the more he read.

He instantly decided to try it out, as thick black liquid appeared over his hand, stretching downward but had extremely high viscosity.

"Huh? This is the said OP weapon? This..." Vritra and Yasmine were just staring at the fluid when suddenly a message popped in front of Vritra.

[Would you like to form a bond with Goop?]

Vritra replied with a ’Yes’ without hesitation, as suddenly the black fluid seemed to go crazy, boiling over and suddenly stuck to his arm before getting sucked inside through the pores.

It completely disappeared and melded with his blood, as if becoming a part of him.

The process continued to go on for a few minutes and then...

[You have successfully bonded with Goop!]

Vritra could clearly feel the changes in his body, the new strange substance present in streams of his blood vessels, wrapped around his bones, and covering everything like an internal defence armor.

He actually didn’t feel as if this thing was out of place; it seemed just perfect.

Vritra stretched his right arm, and with a thought, a pitch-black knife appeared in his hand that instantly transformed into a sword, then hammer, and at last spear.

Still sitting over the chair with Yasmine over his lap, Vritra lightly swung the spear through the air as a sound of air being torn rang out and a big crater formed in front of them.

Destroying anything that came into contact for a few hundred meters.

"Oh, so powerful!!" he exclaimed, clearly impressed by his new weapon.

Then he imagined and Goop transformed into armor that covered his body and a demonic mask appeared over his face.

Continuing, he even tested his fields through a spear, and this weapon actually enhanced his powers, making the control better.

"Yes hubby, this thing is indeed great." Yasmine said, surprised to see such a weapon for the first time.

"But what does it mean, growth type? Can’t I already make any weapon stronger with my weapon fusion?" he questioned while continuing to test his new favourite weapon.

A pointy arm made of Goop suddenly thrusted forward, piercing through a tree over a hundred meters away.

"Yes, but all weapons have limits, like I doubt your axes could have grown to Lord rank. Even if you fused, they would have transformed into the better of the two.

But this thing is different, it will grow along with you, even without weapon fusion."

Yasmine explained, making Vritra realise how great this deadly weapon actually was.

Vritra created a thousand figures through misty essence in the sky, then he focused and instantly a thousand tentacles shot out, destroying all figures instantly.

"Damn, I love Gacha!!" Vritra called Goop back, and decided to let it consume a few good weapons later on.

"Alright next! Haa, I think I got too much this time, isn’t this like preparation right before a boss fight?"

He was now reaching close to the end of the list, but there was absolutely no regret this time, he got quite the great items.

Of course, except for a few things like Cry Baby and Raising Mountain Pill.

[You have acquired Protection of Yama.]

『

[Protection of Yama]

[Description]: A one-time use item, anyone equipped with this charm could evade death for the upcoming one entire year; no matter the circumstances, they wouldn’t die.

』

"Oh!!" Vritra was yet again surprised by the wonderful draw; obtaining an item that defied fate itself.

He almost wanted to use it immediately but held back, for the same reason as before; maybe this would be more useful for any of his women.

In the upcoming inevitable battle, Vritra would be left with endless regrets and sadness if anything happened to any of them.

"Let’s keep it for now and decide what I will do with it later." He decided.

[You have acquired the Pill of Death.]

Vritra was surprised to see that this pill even had a rank, as he began to read its description.

『

[Pill of Death]

[Rank]: Lord

[Description]: The pill that can make your presence as deadly as death itself.

Formed from the death of countless beings, this pill turns a person’s natural aura into one of abomination, a cataclysm. Creating terrifying effects on anyone who opposes you.

』

Vritra read the message then looked at the red pill silently resting in his inventory, he called it out as instantly the air became full of bloody mist.

He could already feel the strong pressure.

Wasting no time, Vritra ate the Pill of Death.

[Consumed Pill of Death!]

[Your Aura grows.]

[Your Aura grows.]

[Your Aura grows.]

...

As the pill mixed with his being, Vritra’s presence became deadlier by the moment, it was like he was standing over a heap of countless corpses, reaching as high as the sky itself.

The ground trembled and cracked under the pressure, the air molecules buzzing with intensity, the atmosphere of the entire small realm turning grim.

"That’s..."

Yasmine was surprised upon sensing such presence, it could almost match her own presence that she built after fighting countless battles, killing millions of opponents.

It took a few moments for Vritra to finally take control of his aura; of course, his Lost skill was a great help yet again.

"Hoo, how terrifying, I felt I can crush weaker generals with just my aura." Vritra said, shaking his head.

After seeing all the draws, he would have to go through each of them again to make sure he could properly use them in battle and not end up just forgetting them in time of need.

"Haa, I think I had enough of these. How many are still left? Didn’t I get a bit too much?" Vritra released an exaggerated sigh, suffering from success.

[You have acquired the Love Pill.]

"What’s up with sudden pills? And why the strange name?" Vritra frowned, feeling as if he was going to get yet another trash object.

Still, he decided to check it out.

『

[Love Pill]

[Description]: Any woman who consumes this pill would be sent into an illusory realm where she would spend ten years with you, or rather the exact illusion of you.

Both of your illusions will go through countless good and bad times over this span of time, and if by the end she falls for you, then her love would become boundless, as vast as the universe itself, madness to an unprecedented level, more passionate than anyone who ever existed. And your fates would be inseparable.

』

Vritra: "..."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...