Chapter 462: Mountain Raising Pill

The dragoness stared at Vritra with enchanted eyes as if she was falling in love with him all over again.

"...Wifey, is something wrong?" Vritra questioned, glancing at himself in a mirror to check if he suddenly grew a pair of horns.

"Oh, nothing, hubby. You shouldn’t be allowed to walk around like that, it’s too distracting.

Try using your Lost skill to hide your charms, or do you want women to commit suicide in hope of getting you?"

Yasmine shook her head, sighing, but found it difficult to look away from him.

Along with his natural super high charms, then his Charm Field, and now these clothes, he looked like an entity too good to exist in reality.

Yasmine doubted any woman would be able to stand his charms unless she was ’blind’, of course.

"Oh, give me a moment." Vritra nodded. Gathering sin points was fine, but always getting that level of attention was not good.

Especially since he already felt his family was full, and he didn’t wish to let any more women into his life. But who knows what plans fate had for him?

"Yeah, this is perfect." Yasmine nodded as his presence dimmed a bit. Though he still looked incredibly handsome, because of Lost, people would quickly forget about it.

Then she smiled and spoke while getting closer, "Hubby, you look very handsome, makes me want to bite you."

"Okay, I will let you do it very soon, now let’s continue with our unwrapping." Vritra said before settling on the chair, as Yasmine sat over his lap again and hugged him.

Vritra believed being close to her brought him good luck.

[You have acquired a radiation merger.]

Vritra read the name and paused again, feeling as if his doubts were really going to come true.

"It isn’t what I think it is, right?" he mumbled.

"I think it is exactly what you think it is. Maybe you actually were right, otherwise it shouldn’t be what you think it is, right?" Yasmine spoke, increasing the tension.

『

[Radiation Merger]

[Description]: A merger is a stone that could instantly help you merge a charged radioactive stone with any of the punching skills you possess. Chances of success: 100%.

Your skill will evolve, damage increasing greatly based on the type of radiation, and the limits of the skill will be broken.

』

Vritra: "I knew it!!"

Yasmine: "Hubby, you were right, someone is actually keeping watch on you at all times?"

Vritra took out the glowing silver stone from his inventory. It was around the size of a fist, and he stared at it while his thoughts surged.

This stone could only be used with one of his skills—the Charged Fist he obtained from Zihong’s inheritance.

So even though his life seemed to be flowing randomly, was it being controlled by someone? Even obtaining the Charged Fist was not a coincidence?

Was it the Divine who was behind this all along? Or someone else entirely, who even merged his fate with the Divine?

Now it felt as if from the moment he appeared on this planet, everything was planned for him—from obtaining dust manipulation to going into the Death Canopy, meeting the women he met so far, and everything being some setup.

"But if it’s not even the Divine, then who could it be?" Vritra sighed.

Thinking about such questions always made him feel insignificant, making all happiness of growing stronger disappear.

As if he was just a puppet in someone’s game, being thrown around while trying his hardest to survive.

At least whoever it was wasn’t just making his life hell without providing enough supplies.

"Let’s just keep going, that’s all we can do. We will survive and face whoever it might be," Yasmine spoke in a soothing tone, knowing his worries.

She had been through all this too before and knew how demotivating and disturbing it felt—the feeling of insignificance.

"Sigh, yes, I know." Vritra gave the stone a light squeeze, calming down his thoughts before deciding to merge Charged Fist with that stone immediately.

He took out the radioactive stone he got back in the underground space of the plague city, as he held the glowing merger in one hand and the greyish stone in another.

[Do you wish to merge the Charged Fist with the Charged Radioactive Stone?]

"Yes."

[Merging the Charged Fist with the Charged Radioactive Stone.]

[Progress: 0%... 1%...]

Vritra waited for a few minutes, and soon the process was completed.

[Progress: 100%]

[The Charged Fist with the Charged Radioactive Stone has successfully merged.]

[You have acquired the Active skill Nuclear Fist!]

"Another great addition, I guess." He spoke before moving on to the next one. He got so many things this time from the wheel.

[You have acquired the Comprehension Guide.]

『

[Comprehension Guide]

[Description]: A one-time use item. Anyone who uses the guide will comprehend their field at a hundred times their normal speed for a month.

』

"Woah, this is great as well but not really useful for me. I think it will be a great help to Diana, her comprehension speed is already so fast, and with this, she will progress really fast."

Vritra thought as he glanced at the guide in his inventory, leaving it as it was for now.

He was happy that such objects which could help his family were also appearing. It was better to grow together, after all.

"Let’s move on..." Vritra continued excitedly.

[You have acquired Pill of Mountain!]

"Oh, sounds good, and what does it do?"

『

[Pill of Mountain]

[Description]: Having a problem with your ding dong? No worries, eat this pill and turn your mouse into a mountain which would never go back down ever again.

Be careful, it greatly increases the sensitivity of the consumer and is only usable by people with a ding dong, and the process is irreversible.

』

"What the hell!! What sort of prize is this? Again, I need a refund. Sigh, why would I need something like this?" Vritra shook his head; this wheel was definitely playing with him.

Making his mood go just like the graph of a sinusoidal wave, up and down.

But he still decided to keep it, this pill might come in handy in the future while dealing with someone.

[You have acquired the Spatial Armor.]

『

[Spatial Armor]

[Description]: An armor worn by the ruler of the X@#$% race. It has the ability to teleport almost all the attacks directed at it by opponents back at them.

Not even Lords could harm the armor easily, even in a very long time.

』

"Oh, a good one. Now I got two great armors. One for Fiona and one for Diana, just perfect." Vritra glanced at the two armors in his inventory; currently, those two were the weakest in the group.

It would be great if he could get something for his mother as well.

[You have acquired Staff of Dark Sorcerer.]

『

[Staff of Dark Sorcerer]

[Description]: The staff that could instantly increase the power of a dark sorcerer by at least ten times, providing various defenses and increased mana capacity.

』

"Hellmancer." Vritra called out as the dark sorcerer appeared before him, its presence as menacing as ever.

"This is for you, try it." Handing over the staff to the excited sorcerer, Hellmancer took the new staff and looked at it closely.

Then bowed, "Thank you, master, I will cherish your gift."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...