Chapter 543 Neglected

Vritra was just looking at his wife, words weren't enough to describe her appearance or his feelings.

She was just too stunning, with a light blush, her rosy cheeks seemed even redder.

Just then, he noticed a glass ball, barely visible in the corner of a shelf.

Violent tornadoes were visible inside it, a scene he had seen in the crystal ball of that werewolf.

Oblivion Tornado Realm, this was the clue to finding Yennefer.

So, Divine really wasn't lying, Vritra's attention was instantly pulled from Teresa to the glass ball.

On the other hand, right after stepping out of the bathroom, Teresa felt Vritra's gaze roaming over her body.

Normally, if anyone else looked at her like that it would have made her uncomfortable.

Though strangely, she liked his attention, if only she could see him properly too.

But just after a couple of seconds, his attention shifted away from her, surprising Teresa.

There wasn't much she could offer in this marriage, her appearance was one of the two things she was confident about.

Though very few people had seen her true appearance, all of them were instantly enchanted, yet her husband wasn't interested?

Her shoulders slumped down slightly, the poor bride became a little sad, again wondering if he really hated her.

This was critical damage for her, initially she was afraid that her appearance might hurt him like it did to many.

But her worry was for nothing it seemed…

'He really has no interest in me?' she thought, wondering if she could ever win his affection.

Vritra got off the bed and walked towards the shelf, then pulling off the glass ball he questioned: "You created this too?"

Teresa absentmindedly turned her head, and nodded: "Yes…"

"Yes, hubby, this looks exactly the same." Yasmine added.

"So, what is this?" Vritra continued, finally he could find Yennefer.

"This is sort of a bomb, it could destroy the entire Ford realm." Teresa answered, maybe he was more interested in her talent.

"Oh!" Vritra almost wanted to test it out in the Ford realm but held back.

"This tornado, where did you get that?" he questioned.

"I don't know, it was a gift from… the Star family, but I do know the Star family has been recently expanding their research into various realms."

Teresa answered, initially the Star family probably wanted to use this to create chaos.

But as the most talented sorceress, Teresa was able to control it and create this treasure.

'It seems I really need to meet the Star family.' Vritra was now one step closer, if only he could enter that realm, he would be able to find her.

"Can I borrow it for a while?" Vritra smiled and looked at her.

'He is more interested in this bomb than me?'

"Yes, you can keep it." Teresa said, then she turned and slowly walked over to the bed, before climbing up.

She sat there, her eyes still tightly shut.

"Sigh, hubby, you made Teresa sad, you just saw her for the first time and didn't even give a single compliment." The dragoness interrupted Vritra.

'Ah…' Putting away the glass ball, he turned back and saw her beautiful face. She seemed deep in thought.

Vritra scratched his cheek, in his excitement he forgot all that, showing more interest in a random invention of hers.

Clearing his throat, he walked up to the bed and sat beside her.

"Tess, you look really gorgeous. Can you open your eyes for me?" Rubbing his fingers through her long smooth hair, Vritra placed his palm over her soft rosy cheek.

Her skin was so tender, he was almost afraid that he might end up hurting her.

Vritra remembered her appearance from the visions Divine had shown him, even then she looked beautiful but nowhere near as she did now.

Then he remembered the scene where the two sisters had protected Divine.

Teresa had even stolen the fate of a God, whose looks were far superior to anyone else.

'So, she is kind of the goddess of beauty?' Even that title wouldn't be enough to describe her.

Just by his gentle touch, Teresa relaxed, all worries disappearing.

"Mhm." After a moment, her eyelids trembled then slowly opened.

Revealing eyes so beautiful that they instantly captivated Vritra, it was like he was sinking into her eyes but there was also a hollow feeling.

"So your blindness came from stealing Darius's fate…" he mumbled.

"Yes…" For the first time, was she regretting stealing someone's ill fate?

"Is there a way to reverse it? Can't you give this fate to someone else or something?" Vritra stared at her face from so close, the sight and scent almost made him lose himself.

'She is so beautiful, a being beyond perfection.' He thought.

"No, I don't have a way to do that. And no." It was as if kindness had become a part of Teresa.

After she stole an ill fate, she couldn't give it to someone else or maybe she just didn't want to.

"I see, well I will definitely find a solution to this." Vritra said with resolution, then added: "Anyway, let's sleep now, I am sure you must be exhausted after all that."

Then he leaned forward, pressing his lips against her forehead, after the soft kiss he muttered: "Good night."

"O- Oh uhm… G- Good night." The woman who had never really experienced much affection was overwhelmed by just that.

So, Vritra held back on the idea of kissing her juicy black lips, she really had such a baddie vibe.

Though reluctantly, he didn't want to overwhelm her.

He lay back and turned the lights off, stretching his arms.

Teresa lay back beside him stiffly, her posture rigid, like a soldier at attention, arms locked tightly to her sides.

Vritra smiled, before moving his right arm and gently putting it under her head, Teresa puzzled, just raised her head.

Removing her pillow, now her head rested over his arm.

Then he pulled her closer, turning Teresa to her side as her body softly pressed against his.

Her heart was beating wildly, her hands awkwardly lingered in the air before she slowly put them over his chest.

After a few moments, she relaxed and wriggled against him to get more comfortable, even placing one of her legs over his.

Cuddling like this felt so good, she just might get addicted to this.

Before long, the two were asleep, embracing one another, their bodies entangled in an intimate mess.

Yasmine soon joined him, sleeping on his other side, she was already addicted to sleeping with him.

***

The night passed quickly, the Fords didn't get much sleep, they were already preparing for various things.

With such important guests in their house, they needed to show proper hospitality.

And needed to do better for the Yates, the news of Art Yates killing thousands of fishmen, which even consisted of a lord, spread rather quickly.

Along with Teresa's identity, it seemed both the Yates and Ford family had lucked out.

Initially, the groom and bride didn't seem anything special, and were even made fun of by many, but now, no one could stop talking about them.

Of course, all that was also going to attract the wrong people, especially Teresa's identity.

There would be so many people who would want her to work for them, both the dark and righteous sides.

In the Golden Moon headquarters, Oracle was seated along with the five others, reading several pieces of information.

❖❖❖