Chapter 708 Magna

"What is this city now?" all of them were confused as they stared at the normal looking city.

"This should be Renko city, how could this place be fine?" Maeve was just as baffled.

"I guess we will have to go in and check."

As the blood cart approached the city, Vritra sensed the presence of an enormous bubble that was surrounding the city.

It was actually keeping all the mutants outside and even the flood water.

"Who are you?" a loud voice reverberated from inside and then several humans appeared in front of them.

They were all flying.

"We want to cross through to the other side." Vritra said, he didn't sense any hostility, only protectiveness.

The men looked at one another, then spoke.

"We will have to go and inform our lord, if you don't have a problem, can you wait here for us?"

"Yes, as long as you don't take too long." Vritra spoke, shrugging, feeling quite curious about this city and the lord.

Could it be another player?

He could only know that after entering the city.

They waited for a while and soon the guards returned, Vritra felt someone observing them from the distance.

He didn't react and just waited.

"You can enter but you will have to wear these rings." The guards said, showing ten black metal rings.

"And what are these?" he asked, as the rings floated out and stopped in front of them, they were being controlled by one of the men.

"These rings are worn by everyone inside the Renko city, it is for your safety and others. If you try to hurt others, you will instantly be teleported out of this bubble." The guard explained.

Vritra nodded as he took the ring.

They all just stored the rings away but to the guards, who were already in an illusion, it appeared as if they had all worn the rings.

"That's good, it seems you are not here to cause trouble." The guards sighed and relaxed.

The bubble opened and the blood cart was allowed to enter.

"Whoa, how is this place so peaceful?" Shitless asked while Vritra was gazing at the message that popped in front of him.

[You have encountered a player!]

'So there really is a player here? Was it the lord they mentioned? Why is he helping these humans then?' he wondered.

"It is all because of our lord, he has been protecting this city for so long. Keeping us all alive and providing us with enough food." The guard spoke with reverence on his face.

"Do we need to go meet this lord of yours or something?" Vritra questioned, he couldn't just digest the fact that a player was actually a good person.

If it's really a good person then he would feel bad about killing him.

If he really kills that player then all the people who have survived here would end up dying.

Since they have stayed in safety, their strength haven't grown much.

"It's your choice, he doesn't force you to anything. You can just leave when you want." The guard spoke with a big smile.

It was almost like they were talking about their god.

"Alright, I would like to go meet this lord of yours." Vritra said.

"Oh good choice, maybe lord might give you some food for your travels." The guard said and one of them led them into the city.

They landed on the ground and sat into two cars, even the vehicles here were working perfectly fine.

Vritra glanced around at all the buildings, at the houses, the people were all relaxed.

There was no panic or fear.

If he really kills the player, won't he be indirectly killing them all?

Vritra hesitated a bit, he took out the black ring from his inventory and observed it.

"Dear, killing the players is one of our missions, but if we kill him, this city will be destroyed." Diana and the others shared the same thought.

It was a hard choice.

"Hmm we will decide that later." Vritra said, he too didn't have any answer for that.

Rolling the black ring between his fingers, they all soon arrived in front of a big luxurious building.

"This is the place where our lord lives!" the guard said, the ride only took like 30 minutes.

"Is he a good guy?" Teresa couldn't help but ask.

"Of course he is, without him, all of us would have been dead." The guard replied.

They got out of the cars, and then the guard gestured for them to follow him into the building.

"These people have come to meet lord." The guard announced and the ones standing there scanned the group.

They were surprised to see the group of women then nodded and ran back into the building.

After a couple of minutes, the guard reappeared and spoke while panting: "You can enter, the lord is currently listening to the problems of his subjects."

Vritra nodded as he led everyone into the luxurious building.

Many people were guarding the place, they were mostly holding guns.

The general strength of the people here was very weak, many were even unawakened.

They passed through a long corridor which was decorated with expensive gems and beautiful paintings.

"This lord guy sure loves to show off." Diana spoke, outside the people were dying and here they lived in such luxury.

"Yeah, if the lord just stays here how does he get strong enough to stop all others?" Vanessa asked.

After passing through the long corridor they arrived in a big hall, it was like they had returned to ancient times.

There was a big throne in the front and several seats on both sides, like in a palace.

Several men dressed in expensive outfits of various cultures sat on the seats and a group of men stood in between.

They were probably here to share their problems.

On the throne sat a handsome man who appeared to be in his late twenties or early thirties.

He was wearing a robe, which exposed his toned muscles.

He sat with one leg over the armrest, leaning back on his throne.

That guy gave off the vibe of a playboy, who is good with women and could never be serious.

Vritra instead focused on his status panel.

[You have come in contact with a player!]

[Eliminate him to steal his ascension path and opportunities!]

[Player: Magna]

[Ability: Steal]

[Ascension Path: Bubble Domain]

'Steal?' Vritra repeated, while Magna scanned over the group, his bored expression instantly disappeared.

"You are the new residents of the Renko city?" he leaned forward, asking with a big smile.

"We are not, anyway are you a good guy? How does this bubble thing work?" Vritra asked.

"Huh?" the lord was baffled, his gaze moving from the women to Vritra.

Upon seeing him he frowned, wondering why this guy looked better than him.

No wonder he has so many women.

Ignoring the question, he asked: "I am the lord of this city and have a lot of food, I am the sole reason this place is safe!"

All the people in the hall instantly bowed before him, showing great respect.

"So do any of you want to join me in my great cause?" Magna asked seriously, he had created a big harem for himself here.

But none of them could compare to these women.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...