Chapter 616 Cold [R-18]

Fiona, Vanessa, Yasmine, Diana, Teresa, and Yennefer had finally all reached the demi god level.

All of them had come out of their training on the same day with only a difference of some time.

Vritra had gone out, and none of them knew exactly where he had gone or what he was planning.

Not even Maeve, who was spending all her time with him, knew what exactly he was doing.

"Oof, hubby has blocked my senses, I can't see what he's doing." Yasmine shook her head in disappointment.

"Fox, it's been long." Yennefer looked at Maeve and spoke, the two had become good friends before the war.

"Haa, someone is getting jealous of me?" the demoness giggled to herself, she had been so intimate with Vritra for the past few days.

She had him all to herself, so of course Yennefer was feeling jealous.

"Hmph, you just got lucky, now the battle is on." Yennefer spoke with a serious look before smiling.

"Mom, we should make arrangements before leaving for the game." Fiona spoke, they still ruled over different regions.

"Yeah, I have already made preparations, Layla can take care of everything in my absence." Vanessa spoke.

"I am fine too, I will just arrange a few trustworthy people to handle everything." Diana added.

"Hey sis, what are you thinking so hard about? Missing your husband already?" Vanessa teased as she looked at the dazed Teresa, bringing her out of her thoughts.

The voluptuous goth waifu shook her head, her cheeks turning slightly red. She was indeed missing Vritra.

"N- No, I was… Yes, I was just thinking of that device I created, it can't last for an entire year. So before we leave, I will have to upgrade it." Teresa quickly thought of an excuse.

"Yes, yes right, I am sure you are very worried about that." Yasmine shook her head. Her younger sister was still far too innocent, the most she had done with Vritra was just kiss.

It seemed she would have to help her out a little.

All the women were busy talking among themselves, enjoying this peace and calm, who knows how long it was going to last this time.

…

Soon, Vritra returned home.

A smile automatically appeared on his face as he saw the seven women.

His family was finally complete, and they could just relax comfortably for a while.

"My beautiful wifeys, I have a big surprise for you all." As he entered the room, all the women turned to look at him curiously.

"What have you planned, darling? Please don't keep us in suspense." Fiona spoke, pouting and acting pitiful.

"No, no, you will have to wait till tomorrow to find that out." he said firmly.

It was already past evening, so there wasn't really much time left.

"Haa, fine, honey we can wait, but…" she paused, her eyes narrowing with a strange glint as she got off the bed and approached him.

"But my dear son, you are going to have to be punished for making us wait." Vanessa spoke, she lightly bit her juicy lower lip, appearing extremely seductive.

"H- Huh?" Vritra was quite surprised, but in the next moment, Vanessa held his arm and pulled him towards the bed, closing the door.

Of course, he didn't resist, this sort of play had its own fun.

It seemed his wives wanted a rematch, now that they had grown so much stronger and their numbers had grown too.

They were sure they could defeat him now and milk him dry completely.

Now aside from the old players Fiona, Diana, Yasmine, and Vanessa,

Maeve and Yennefer would also be joining.

While Teresa, who had not expected anything like this, sat completely frozen.

"Haha Tess, don't worry, you won't be having your first time here but it won't hurt to learn a bit." Yasmine spoke softly, she couldn't help but laugh at her sister's reaction.

Teresa just nodded and quickly moved to sit at the corner, ready to learn as much as she could for future use.

Vritra was completely surrounded by his wives, all of them looking at him with such lustful eyes.

Their clothes sensually slid off their bodies, revealing milky and voluptuous bodies, with such sexy proportions.

Vritra's eyes moved over the bodies of all his wives, their boobs bounced as they slowly moved forward.

The air was a mess of their sweet scents, he inhaled deeply, the sight was extremely tantalizing.

It was hard to focus on one place, the temperature in the room suddenly seemed to have increased dramatically.

They all climbed up.

Vanessa was on his left, while Maeve was on his right, the goddess moved behind him as they removed all his clothes in an instant.

Instantly, Diana's soft breasts pressed against his back, her soft nipples rubbing against his skin.

His left hand and right arm were pressed against Vanessa's and the demoness's breasts respectively, as they leaned in.

Yennefer lay over his legs, her naked body pressed against his legs and her soft squishy boobs were pressed and deformed over his thighs.

There was really nothing Vritra could do as his wives looked at him with hungry eyes, as if ready to devour him whole.

Their warm skin pressed directly against his, he could feel the smoothness and softness all too clearly.

A pleasurable sensation coursed through his body as Yennefer's hands moved slowly and she held his penis between her soft warm palms.

She looked at it, how much she had missed her favourite treat. She squeezed it gently, gulping her saliva, just wanting to take his hardening member into her mouth.

"Husband, thank you for the meal~" she spoke in a playful tone, before her mouth opened and she took the head of his cock into her mouth.

"Mmmm~ SLURP" Yennefer felt as if her body was melting, she really loved eating his cock up.

Her tongue moved almost instantly as she gave a hard lick against the tip, circling over the foreskin and then moving the tip of her tongue under it.

Maeve too wasted no time as she leaned closer, her heavy boobs pressing against his shoulder as she kissed his neck, biting his smooth skin possessively.

His scent almost made her go mad, she could barely hold back.

Sucking his skin and leaving her marks, the demoness kissed all over his neck.

Then her mouth opened as fangs grew in her mouth and then she bit, as instantly blood flooded into her mouth.

Of course, it was only because Vritra allowed it that her fangs were able to draw out blood.

"Mhmm GULP" Maeve relished the wonderful taste as she sucked at his neck, losing herself in this feeling.

Vanessa kissed his neck, slowly moving up as she stood on her knees and leaned a bit to the side.

Her breasts pressed against his chest, as she cupped his cheek and pressed her lips against his.

She nipped at his lower lip then licked it gently, sucking on her son's lips.

As tender lips pressed and rubbed against his, then her tongue moved into his mouth, wrapping around his.

Vritra suddenly inhaled deeply, his eyes opening wide in surprise.

He broke the kiss and looked down at Yennefer in surprise, who was looking up at him with a naughty look, his cock still in her mouth.

Somehow the insides of her mouth suddenly felt so chilly, making him feel a completely new sensation.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...