Chapter 232: Prank

"It is all my fault, so please... sob I will never try to retaliate against you for anything that you have already done, p- please I will be a good person and won’t even marry any more women... sob"

Henry struck his head against the floor several times while Vritra just stood there staring at him with a surprised expression.

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Pleaded +1}

...

This was certainly not what he was expecting. He was ready to even kill the king in here as silently as possible but now he wondered how he should proceed with the current development.

"Haha, quite the way to send off the guests. I have never seen anyone beg so miserably to make their guest leave. Is this what they call overstaying one’s welcome?" Yasmine chuckled, she was just as surprised as him.

This was the king of an entire kingdom, everyone in the kingdom feared and respected him. His ego and self-respect could not be questioned. Yet here he was kneeling in front of Vritra, begging miserably.

Henry wasn’t the type who would just kneel in front of anyone who was stronger. Even in front of those men from the Golden Moon he was respectful but was not an ass-licker, this is exactly why they were even more surprised.

Vritra: "..."

"Whether i- it was my son’s fault or mine, I am begging you, I will do whatever you ask so please spare us." Right after speaking, Henry took out a sword all of a sudden.

’Hah, so he is finally going to show his true colors, what a great actor—’ Vritra finally felt more comfortable seeing the king act in the way he had expected.

Vritra was actually relieved that it was all an act, but in the next second Henry cut off his own right arm from a little above the elbow and spoke through gritted teeth:

"I- I will ughh pay for my haa haa crimes myself, cough y- you can cut off all my l- limbs b- but please ahhh—"

"Sigh, stop it." Vritra said while massaging his temples. He glanced at the system window and there were only messages about pleading, not deceiving.

So this really wasn’t an act. The king had made the most suitable choice for himself, his family, and the kingdom. He certainly wasn’t a stupid or greedy king like Aldric.

"H- Have you haa haa forgiven me...? Should I c- cut ughh my other arm too?" Henry asked, his face covered in sweat, barely stopping himself from screaming.

"..." Vritra stared at the king for a minute before sighing and nodding.

"Yeah, I forgive you, but if I find you try anything—even trying to spy on me or my family—I will obliterate your entire bloodline. And all your Henry-named kids will be killed right in front of you." Vritra threatened, a deadly aura spreading in the chamber.

"Y- Yes, I understand haa. I would never ever try anything..." Henry said with his head lowered. He sat in the position for a long time as blood continued to flow out of the serious wound.

"You are still too soft. Well, here it is fine since the king is weak and his offence isn’t too big, but in the future never go easy on any opponent." Yasmine spoke, she understood Vritra perfectly.

Even though that experience in the labyrinth had changed him a lot, a small part of his humanity was still alive. Although it was not a bad thing, it could bring trouble sometimes.

’Yeah I know, but I believe he has been punished for more than he did already. Let’s just leave it at that for now.’ Vritra replied, sometimes forgiveness could be the key.

Walking out of the chamber, Vritra headed towards his room while talking with Yasmine. Just when he was midway through he saw Sonia heading towards the crown prince’s room.

And right now she looked a little shaken, her hair a mess just like her clothes, and it seemed she was truly depressed and had been through a fight.

"What’s wrong?" Vritra questioned, stopping the determined fiery Sonia in her tracks.

After looking left and right carefully, Sonia took a step forward and whispered: "I just saw the crown prince with a bottle of very strong poison. He has already made up his mind to kill the king. Now I am going to strike the final nail in the coffin. After seeing me in this state and hearing me cry, he will be mad with rage and would kill the king immediately. Muahahaha."

Vritra: "..."

"Hehehe." Yasmine laughed hard, before asking: "Isn’t he taking all this too seriously? Are you sure Henry was your enemy and not his? He looks more determined than you."

"There is no need for you to do that now. The issue with the king has been resolved so we don’t need to kill him." Vritra said, sighing.

"WHAT?!!" Monk Shitless froze on his spot, as if the world was about to be destroyed.

{Sin Point Gained: Frozen +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Disappointed +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Disappointed +1}

...

Vritra read the lines of messages and his lips stretched in a thin line. Shaking his head, he added: "Yes, cancel the mission, just tell the truth to the crown prince."

"...F- Fine, but we really can’t kill the king? It won’t hurt to try. Let’s just leave it to the crown prince and—" Monk Shitless asked hopefully.

"Just go." Vritra said in a stern tone, and finally Sonia walked away in a truly depressed mood.

Vritra decided to observe them. He wondered how one of the biggest simps would act. Jack, the Crown Prince, and Han Gratt—three of the biggest simps of this universe.

Monk Shitless soon arrived outside the crown prince’s room. Instead of knocking he just pushed the door open and saw the prince sitting on a chair and staring at a glass bottle.

"Sonia?!! What’s wrong with you? What happened to you? Was it my father?" The prince was shocked as he stood up and took her hands, asking in worry.

"No, it isn’t like that. Do you love me? Do you want to spend your life with me?" Sonia asked in a solemn tone.

"Of course I do. I love you more than anything in this world. I could sacrifice anything and everything for you. It isn’t just your body that I have fallen for. I feel like our connection goes far beyond everything, I never want to be separated from you." The crown prince said seriously.

"Then shall we get married?" Sonia asked, making the prince sit on the bed.

"W- What? M- Marriage?!! I would love that!! Yes, let’s get married as soon as possible. I was planning to ask you to marry me after killing my fath—cough anyway, yes let’s get married." The crown prince almost jumped in joy upon hearing that.

"But before that you need to know something." Sonia suddenly became serious as she spoke.

"Just tell me what it is. I am ready to accept anything if it means we can be together." The crown prince said.

"Actually I am not Sonia..." Suddenly he removed the makeup glyph and Monk Shitless’s true appearance came into view.

"Hahaha, I am Shitless. All of this was just a prank, there is the camera."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...