Chapter 409: Greatest Actors

"You bastard, Oink get away from my bride."

Ziggy finally arrived beside Xi and the other demons, and felt his blood boil at the sight of another man holding Maeve so closely.

"..." Vritra observed the fat man and found out that his strength wasn’t even at the General rank, even though his father was a demon lord and there were other lords in his family.

It was clear how much his family loved him.

He had just the perfect plan to use this piggy to get some sin points.

"Oh, and who are you?" Vritra questioned, his body covered by a purple aura and two horns on his head.

"Hahaha, I was the one to claim her when she was weak, so she certainly will be mine." After speaking, he held Maeve’s chin and kissed her cheek, almost giving a heart attack to the piggy.

"Uwaaaaaah OINK OINK Get your filthy lips away from my bride, h- how dare you kiss her.

Maeve, don’t worry I am going to save you." Piggy went mad, seeing the kiss while Vritra just laughed.

"What the hell are you doing just standing there? Help me save my bride!!" Ziggy shouted at the demons who floated there with helpless expressions.

But before Piggy could approach, Vritra held Maeve’s throat gently, though it didn’t look like it.

"Come closer and I will kill her." Vritra spoke, madness appearing in his eyes.

"Ooh, choke me master~" Maeve whispered, secretly giving him a naughty look.

Rolling his eyes, Vritra whispered back: "Don’t break the character now, this piggy will be of great use to us."

Maeve smiled before getting into character:

"Z- Ziggy, save me! When I was weak, he somehow got a hold of my life flame and now my life and death is in his hands. Sob help me!"

Ziggy’s heart trembled with joy, anger, and pain at the same time. He was really happy since this was the first time Maeve had talked to him or even said his name correctly while his anger was towards Vritra.

"Stop it! What do you want?" Ziggy shouted. He was ready to do anything to save Maeve.

"I don’t talk to pigs who can’t even show their real appearance." Vritra said, keeping his hand on Maeve’s throat, he kissed her cheek again.

Ziggy almost went mad. The demoness was supposed to be his future bride, so how could he just watch some other man do as he pleased with her?

He quickly came into his real appearance, becoming even fatter and looking as if he had come out of a sewer.

’Oh, he really is a pig. Foxie, how much your family must hate you to tie you up with someone like him.’ Vritra shook his head.

He just wanted to blow the head off that pig but there was an even greater fate ahead of that pig demon so he would be able to live a bit longer.

’Looks like before I save wifey, I have to get Foxie’s life flame from that Voromir realm.’ Vritra thought but that could be dealt with later, for now, he focused on Ziggy.

"Now we are talking, there is something I want you to steal from the temple in Ghazi city." Vritra spoke.

The overwhelming presence kept Ziggy on edge, otherwise he would have already attacked.

"What?!! Are you trying to blackmail me too? Maeve, did he do something to you?" Ziggy asked as he remembered something.

His fists clenched and his fat pig face looking pale.

"N- No, not yet. He knew that someone would be coming to save me very soon and when I mentioned you, he was afraid of your family name so he didn’t do anything to me." Maeve said.

She loved his perfect evil act.

"Sigh that’s oink good." He heaved a sigh of relief and felt a lot better.

"Don’t worry I am going to save you no matter what." Ziggy said.

"Yes I am blackmailing you, if you don’t get that something from the temple for me then you would never be able to see her."

Vritra said, pretending to increase the force in his grip and Maeve acted out her part.

"Stop it, don’t hurt her. I will think of something." Ziggy shouted. If Vritra hurt or broke her body then wouldn’t Maeve’s value be lower? Then there won’t be a point in getting her.

"Don’t you know about my family? If I complain to my father then he will rip you to shreds—" Ziggy spoke but he was interrupted by Vritra’s loud laughter.

"Try it, see if you can even contact our father."

Ziggy took out several treasures but for some reason nothing worked.

His face filled with horror as he understood that his own life might be in danger right now.

"I- If Oink you dare to hurt me, m- my father won’t let you oink be..." Ziggy said in a trembling voice.

"Oh don’t worry about that, I am not planning to hurt you." Vritra said, as if stating a fact.

’Sigh, that’s good then, I will just escape and then call my father—’ Ziggy thought.

"Try to call your father by leaving this place, just think what I can do to her in the meantime?" Vritra spoke, giving the pig demon an evil look and then biting Maeve’s earlobe.

"Ahh~ Don’t hurt me, please..." Maeve almost laughed while speaking her lines. She was even happier to see that Vritra seemed better and was returning to his original self.

Happy that she might have helped him even a little.

"Ugh fine, tell me what I need to steal. I will Oink Oink do it damnit." Ziggy finally agreed. Maeve was still of great value, how could he give up so easily?

"There is a statue of the Real God in the temple, steal it." Vritra said simply, moving his hand away from Maeve’s throat, though the fox demon wanted him to continue.

"What? That’s impossible!!" Ziggy shuddered at the thought.

"You mean to say, for the great Ziggy, the sole heir of such a powerful family, just stealing a puny statue is impossible?

I had heard many great things about you. Looks like you actually didn’t want to marry her." Vritra sighed, saying one good thing about the piggy after another.

"Fine I will do it, tomorrow I will steal the statue and save her from your grasp—wait, but what’s the guarantee you will be true to your word?"

Ziggy felt proud at his intelligence, to be able to think that far, he was truly one of a kind.

"Who would dare to lie to the great Ziggy? You know how afraid of your family I am, surely I can’t deceive you, right?

Now leave and arrive here tomorrow with the statue and Maeve will be free." Vritra said, shooing the demons away.

"I will have you pay the price for this, just wait Maeve, I will save you." Ziggy shouted as he turned and flew away.

Vritra had used the natural hypnosis to slowly change his mind, now he won’t even think about telling anyone else this matter.

But just in case, he even sent Psyche to follow the pig.

"What are you still dawdling here for? Get lost already!!" Maeve shouted at the dazed demons.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...