Chapter 219: Scheme

"Tsk, tsk. If you can’t afford to stay here, why would you even come? Sigh, this is the problem with the poor..." The people that were watching the show earlier mixed in the crowd and began to say rude things.

"I can’t believe he attacked a servant. Why don’t you just go to some cheaper hotel if you can’t afford this? Heh, just lie down on the road if you’re so broke." Another person added.

Even the people staying in the hotel now began to discuss what was happening, and the way it was unfolding, all believed it was Vritra’s fault, so they took the fat manager’s side.

"I don’t care what you want to say, apologize to Rat and pay the money you owe us," the fatty said, pointing a finger at Vritra.

"S-Sir, he owe us 1 million... cough cough gold coins... ughhh I saw him... h-he stole a few things e-earlier... ughhh..." the unconscious Rat woke up for a moment before falling back.

"..." Even the fat manager fell silent for a moment at such an absurd amount. He had asked to name a big price but not this big. But after coughing, he said, "I won’t ask you to pay the entire money—just return what you stole and pay your bills. After you apologize to Rat, I will let you leave."

"But I didn’t steal anything," Vritra said, shrugging his shoulders. He could already sense a lot of presences surrounding the entire hotel—this thing was going to become very big.

"Haa, don’t make me use force. Just admit your mistake. This is the last time I am asking this nicely. As the biggest business in the entire kingdom, we have to maintain our reputation. I said we will just let you go, so do as I say," the fatty said, pretending to be enraged. His cheeks turned red.

"Well, I can’t do that. I have stolen nothing," Vritra replied with a shake of his head.

"Hmm, if you are so adamant about it, then why don’t you come with our guards and let them search you? If you have nothing to fear, then it shouldn’t be a big deal." Fatty gestured toward the entrance of the corridor, where lots of guards began to gather.

"Arrest me? But are you capable of doing that?" Vritra’s patience was running thin now. He had tolerated them long enough. He didn’t want to invite trouble for now, but it seemed that was impossible.

"Sigh... Guards, arrest this criminal since he refuses to cooperate. Detain him and bring him to the prison. We will properly interrogate him there." Fatty ordered, his thick voice reverberating across the corridor.

Instantly, the place was filled with the sound of footsteps as dozens upon dozens of guards charged towards Vritra. Carrying swords and shields, they all rushed at him. Instead of just arresting him, it seemed they first wanted to beat him up a little.

"Are you sure you want to do this? Haven’t you seen the show long enough? Why don’t you come out now?" Vritra said, looking at the far corner of the corridor where the prince was happily observing everything.

Even after being called out, the young prince didn’t respond and waited for the guards to beat him up. He had sent those goons dressed as guards to beat Vritra up.

He knew Vritra was very strong—otherwise, he wouldn’t have become the biggest competition of the kingdom. He knew Vritra could easily kill them all, and that’s exactly what the prince wanted him to do.

The moment Vritra resisted and killed the goons, he would call the strong guards of the king and get him arrested. Then his crime would be much higher.

’Hehe, you are completely trapped here. Now you will pay for disrespecting me.’ The prince grinned, gesturing at the guards he had brought along to be ready.

"If it’s what you want, then..." Vritra’s face became emotionless as he pulled out a sword from his inventory and held it lightly in his hand before muttering in a low voice:

"Anyone who comes close will die."

Vritra didn’t let out any of his aura, but upon hearing those words, the guards paused and looked uncertainly at the manager. For some reason, they felt an inexplicable fear toward Vritra.

"What are you waiting for? Go and arrest him! You are free to attack if he resists." The manager said haughtily. He knew about the prince’s plan—these thirty or so people were nothing more than cannon fodder.

"Surrender now, or you will get hurt." One of the men charged forward and shouted. Without even giving Vritra a chance to speak, he swung his blade at his abdomen, aiming to give a fatal blow.

SWISH

Vritra’s hand became a blur. The sound of air being torn was heard, and in the next moment, the guard at the front began to scream in terror as both his hands were cut off in one fluid motion.

"Aaaaaah, MY HANDSSSS!! Ughhhhh Umph—"

In the next moment, the sword was plunged into his mouth and came out from the back of his head. The guard’s eyes remained wide open as he took his last breath before falling limply to the floor.

There was pin-drop silence after the first death, and then...

STEP STEP

Vritra started walking forward, slowly. His hands left afterimages in the air, and the sword in his hand danced across the space. The sound of limbs and heads falling to the ground filled the air.

The spectators, who were just there for a good show, were terrified by the bloody scene. They turned around and fled, completely horrified by the brutal killing.

The screams of the goons reverberated amidst the faint sound of Vritra’s footsteps. He kept moving forward, his gaze only fixed on the young prince who was hiding.

The more than thirty goons were completely terrified as Vritra slaughtered more than fifteen of them within moments and effortlessly. They understood that they were nothing more than sacrifices in this battle.

They turned around and tried to flee, but now the prince—who was still grinning in the distance, watching his plan succeed—finally asked the guards to make a move. Most of the guards he had brought were in the 1st Legion rank, so there was no way Vritra would be able to defeat them all.

He knew that Vritra had also entered the Legion rank recently, but how high could his level have become in such a short time? And so, the fool made the devil his enemy.

"Oh no, that madman has started to slaughter innocent people now!! Someone call for the kingdom guards, we need to stop him from continuing his rampage! He has gone mad!"

The fat manager laughed while shouting. He too moved to the back and stood beside the prince, watching the scene with intrigue.

The fat manager was the brother of the youngest prince’s mother. That was how he got such a high position in Paradise Hotel.

The prince would promise him a few things, and the fatty would always help him. The opponent this time was slightly stronger, so they needed a plan.

The goons who were trying to escape met a wall of guards blocking the path, so they had no choice but to move toward the damned demon along with those guards.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...