Chapter 729 Hospitability to the Guest

"…" Magna frowned, why does this guy speak like that? Vritra was really making Magna mad.

'Kekeke But this is perfect, I will just use that drop of blood to trap him and then turn him into my clone.' Magna thought about Vritra's words and nodded.

"Alright, since that's the case. Then please help me." Another Magna spoke this time.

"Hmm Now which one of you is real, hurry up I don't have all day to waste on a bunch of idiots like you." Vritra said, he was knowingly becoming more foul-mouthed.

With the way he was speaking, Magna would greatly put his guard down, he was already looking down at Vritra.

But this guy was still very cunning, instead of the one with clone ability, he sent one of his clones first.

"Here." The clone cut his finger and dropped a drop of blood in front of Vritra.

The drop started to float around Vritra as he closed his eyes, after a few moments, the drop exploded.

It startled Magna quite a bit.

"W-What's wrong?!" he asked hurriedly.

"You fucking bastard, are you trying to kill me?!! How dare you send a fake, you bitchass punk I am not going to help you anymore-" Vritra appeared genuinely angry.

"Ah Sorry, m-my bad, I think there was a misunderstanding." Magna smiled meekly and finally he seemed to believe Vritra more.

'Looks like this guy isn't lying about his ability, otherwise how would he know that it was a fake? Let's try it then.'

The real one stepped forward this time, if he could get the constant location updates of the other players, then that would be just perfect.

He made a cut over his finger and grimaced then the drop of blood floated towards Vritra.

'Just as he tells me everything, that drop of blood will be the end of him.' Magna thought, his lips curling up into a wide smile.

He tried his best to not laugh out loud, he felt strangely happy, maybe because Vritra had been cursing him from the start.

"Hmm Let me try again, if this is fake, I will just leave!" Vritra spoke in a serious tone.

There was a silence of a few seconds, then Vritra began to speak: "Hmmmmmm This is the real you, and you want to search for people who had come with you."

"R-Right!" Magna nodded quickly, this guy was really genuine.

"Unfortunately or maybe fortunately for you, some of those players are already dead." Vritra said, his eyes were still closed.

"Oh w-who are?" Magna asked hurriedly.

"Morgan, Crow, Asmodeus, Sonic-" Vritra was suddenly interrupted.

"Asmodeus is dead? Hahaha that is great, that bastard has been such a headache, thank you for the great news." He laughed so hard, that tears came out of his eyes.

"The one you are running from is Einstein, you tried to trick him to kill Asmodeus then you went back to slaughter all the people in the city, right?" Vritra continued.

"Huh? You can tell that much? Are you an astrologer or something? What's that divine ability?" Magna was truly surprised, if he could get his hands on this ability, that would just be perfect.

With a thought he suddenly activated his ability and the drop of blood that was revolving around Vritra burst.

Teresa trembled as she saw the sudden change, her eyes widening in shock.

"What are you doing?!!" she shouted, looking worried.

The blood turned into something like a thick blanket that quickly wrapped around Vritra and now looked like a blood cocoon.

"Kukuku hahahaha I am giving him a little upgrade, don't worry. Hmm but it would be such a waste to turn you into one." Magna mumbled.

He glanced at the building behind Vritra and knew there were more people inside.

Now he wouldn't have to be worried about accidentally meeting his greatest enemy, he would be easily able to stay away from Einstein.

"Heh Playing with blood?" Vritra's voice sounded from inside the cocoon, shocking Magna.

"Huh? What?! How are you still awake?" he frowned, then gestured at one of the clones to put Vritra to sleep.

The clone stepped forward and began to sing a strange song, the air seemed full of a white glow.

It brought a soothing feeling and even the clones started to feel dizzy, although they weren't the target.

"Sigh Good job Magna, for delivering yourself right to my doorstep."

SNAP

With a snap of his finger, the blood surrounding Vritra turned into a long thin wire, and his body came into view.

Teresa smiled faintly, she had gotten quite good at acting after doing all those role plays with him.

She was ready to trap them all if needed.

"W-Who are you? What do you mean?" Magna looked even more baffled, he stepped back and set his foot over a clone's feet, as the two stumbled.

The thin wire slashed through the air, but at a very low altitude, near the feet of the same-looking group.

WHOOSH

At the same time, the feet of all of them were slashed away cleanly.

One by one all of them began to fall, the clones too had the same shocked look on their faces.

"Aggggghhhhhh M-My feetsssss aaaaaaaaaah Nooooooo It hurrttttsssssss Help meeeeee" he screamed, to the point that his voice started to crack.

It seemed he had never experienced much pain, but this bastard without a second thought, just killed everyone?

Vritra really hated such psychos or wannabe villains, if you kill without purpose then you must be ready for worse.

"…" Vritra quickly activated the skill he had obtained from Morgan as dozens of invisible and thin rope-like things connected with all their bodies.

And within seconds, Vritra took complete control over all the clones.

"What are you doing AAAAAAAAH I haven't d-done anything to SOB you COUGH COUGH why WHY? I am going to kill you!!"

Magna seemed to have gone mad because of the pain, but this was just the beginning.

He glared hatefully at Vritra and commanded his clones to rip them all to pieces, to make Vritra watch as his woman is killed.

'Go, kill them!! Go-'

But no matter how much he commanded, none would listen to him.

"Oh, are you wondering what's going on? The clones are under my control, you see I was the one to kill Morgan and got his skill." Vritra said, he removed the mask finally.

But the look he waited for didn't appear.

'Does he not recognize me?' Vritra wondered.

"Magna, do you know who I am? I am Einstein, the one who went to the Renko city, the one who killed that other clone of yours." Vritra said as his lips curled up in a twisted devil-like smile.

"Ah N-No it can't be… aahhhhhh R-Run I have to runnnnnnnn" Magna gave up on his clones, using his hand he tried to flee.

Unfortunately, he had become extremely weak now.

"Well you are in luck that my family is kinda busy now, so your torture will have to wait till tomorrow." Vritra muttered with a shake of his head.

"But since you are our guest, we gotta treat you right and can't leave you without any hospitality for the day." He added.

Magna stared in utter terror, screaming in dread as blood pooled under him.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...