Chapter 613 Important Meeting

As the door opened, Maeve's beautiful figure came into view. She was wearing a black dress, a stark contrast to her glowing milky skin.

She seemed to have grown even more beautiful, a fluffy tail moving left to right as she walked forward.

Vritra looked over her body, her thick thighs and soft heavy breasts. Her voluptuous figure seemed even more ripe now.

And her face, even the succubus might not be her competition.

Her beauty, except for Teresa, wasn't lower than anyone else.

"Welcome back, foxie." He smiled, taking a step forward and patting her head.

Her strength had grown tremendously, and among all his wives, she was the first to become a demi god.

Without a word, she wrapped her arms around his body, snuggling into his embrace and breathing in his scent.

"Mhmm Master, I missed you." She mumbled, rubbing her cheek against his chest.

"You have done well, now, should we go and check how much stronger you have gotten?" he asked, wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her closer.

Her warm and soft body felt incredibly good to hold.

"How?" Maeve looked up at his face. Rather than wasting time on some fights, she would love to stay with her master.

While she was away, all his wives had been with him, even fighting that fierce battle that left the four women exhausted.

"Wait, are we trying that baby making fight? Let's do it right now, master." A big smile appeared on her face as she stood on tiptoes and pressed her lips against his.

Her tongue instantly moved to entangle with his, while her hands moved in haste, hurriedly removing his clothes.

Vritra was surprised at her eagerness. Her scent filled his nose as her tongue wrapped around his, her taste flooding into his mouth.

He gave a light slap to her soft butt and pulled his mouth away, the demoness's face already flushed red with lust.

"Wait, not the baby making fight, let's do that later. Right now, we have to make a trip somewhere." Vritra said, straightening his disheveled clothes.

"Oh, where are we going?" Maeve licked her lips, though she would have loved to continue.

"Somewhere very familiar to you." Vritra smiled, taking her hand as he pulled her out of the room.

***

The sky was completely dark, and occasional screams could be heard from the distance.

Few humans could be spotted, but all of them were tied like slaves or getting beaten.

A few other species such as elves and werewolves could also be spotted, but they were rarer.

A stench of blood filled the air and a bloody moon was visible in the sky.

Several figures flew across the air, hurrying towards an important meeting.

"Lord, why do you think this sudden meeting was called for?" one of the demons with a body as small as a football questioned.

"It seems to be something important or Lord Sloth wouldn't have called us in such a hurry." The demon lord ranked 67 replied, his body made entirely of thin blue lines.

It was as if he was entangled, and he would be nothing more than a very very long thread.

"Oh, it seems many other demon lords have been called to this meeting." The small servant flying along the demon lord muttered.

"Yeah, do you think we are finally going to attack the humans? I heard even the snow and spores have stopped falling somehow. Now should be the perfect chance." The 67th demon lord muttered.

Because of the snow and spores, they weren't able to leave this realm for several months.

Previously, many lords used to live in different realms, but ever since the war, Sloth grew in power and influence rapidly.

And he had done something miraculous. He united all 100 of the demon lords, becoming the king of demon lords.

Now all of them had shifted to this one realm and obeyed Sloth completely.

He was very lucky to have survived that war against that demon, but that also benefited him a lot.

Many demon lords had died in that war, all of that was absorbed by Sloth alone.

Before anyone knew it, he had grown so big that none of the demons were his match.

So in the end, they all submitted to him, and now this whole demon realm was under the rule of Sloth.

"Whoa, it's my first time seeing all 100 demons together, a- and the king of demons will be here as well? I heard his body is very big and he could eat anything." The small demon mumbled.

"Shh. Don't utter a word from here on out. If you make a mistake, then all it takes is one command and we would all be wiped out, even our entire groups." The demon lord warned seriously.

Soon after they landed, after looking around, he found someone he recognized and immediately called out:

"Lord 69, did you know why King Sloth called us here?" Lord 67 asked.

Since Sloth didn't want to bother learning all their names, he just replaced the names with numbers instead.

"No, I just received the message and hurried here. Hmm, are we finally attacking humans?" he had the same thoughts.

They looked around. It was a large hall which was specially made to call such important meetings.

All the other demon lords were rushing inside in a hurry, so without wasting any time, they too moved in.

Upon entering, they found themselves in a spacious hall, with exactly one hundred chairs arranged in front of a very big throne.

It was big enough for at least thirty of them to sit.

While murmuring among themselves, the lords took their seats while their servants stood beside them.

BOOM

Just then a loud sound rang out, then another and another.

They all became silent and turned their gazes towards the throne. King Sloth was here.

And soon after, a very large piece of fat, his height reaching over twenty feet, walked with slight difficulty.

His face appeared similar to a pig, and it was none other than Sloth, the father of Piggy who had died long ago.

"…" Everyone became nervous upon seeing him. His body had become far too fatty, his belly so big as if a house was built inside.

After a few steps, he paused, then looked at the lords seated at the front with a frown.

"O- Oh right, sorry King Sloth." Over ten men hurriedly stood up and walked forward.

After slight hesitation, they gripped his belly and pulled it up.

Then with a proud look, Sloth walked towards his throne while over ten demon lords carried his belly.

With a loud thump that made the entire hall shake, he sat down as the others slowly put down his belly.

"Return to your seats." Not even his jaw could move as he spoke. His cheeks had become like two different bellies.

"Greetings, King." Everyone stood up and greeted.

Sloth nodded in satisfaction. He was quite happy that he had participated in that war all those years ago.

He was the only survivor and had grown to this extent.

After clearing his throat, he questioned:

"Now tell me, why exactly did you all call me here in such a hurry? I even had to leave my meal behind. Sigh, I am getting too thin, so it better be worth it or I…"

As he spoke, everyone's expressions turned to confusion.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... 