Chapter 197: Started... [R-18]

Shaking his head, Vritra decided to follow her act for now. He walked in front of her and sat over his knees. Placing his palms over her knees, Vritra pushed them to the side.

As her beautiful vagina appeared right in front of his eyes, the empress frowned slightly, but she sat silently, letting him continue to serve.

Vritra extended his right hand as he gently caressed the soft petals with the tip of his fingers, making Yennefer feel a shiver.

She clutched the armrest as her back arched slightly, but she didn’t let out any sound and watched as his face approached her private part.

’W-What is he planning to do?’ Yennefer felt flustered, as suddenly his lips pressed against her lower lips, giving a soft kiss to her rose-like petals.

"Mmm~" Her toes curled up as such a strange feeling shot through her body. She tried desperately to act as if she was in control, but this feeling was too strong.

Her body leaned slightly, her fingers gripping his hair as Vritra gave her petals a hard lick. The empress’s waist twisted as she bit her lips and tried her best not to break her composure and let out strange noise.

Vritra licked from the top of her petals and licked over them for a few seconds before slightly putting his tongue into her entrance, as Yennefer completely leaned forward, her breasts landing over his head.

’Sigh. Poor emperor and Han, I am sorry. I really didn’t mean to do this to the woman you love. Don’t hate me too much,’ Vritra thought as his tongue began to inch deeper into her vagina. He soon tasted a honey-like warm fluid that had started to flow out of her body.

"Hmmm~" Yennefer felt his soft tongue roll and twist in her vagina, rubbing and poking against her folds and giving a feeling she had never felt before. The more his tongue moved against her body, the better it felt. This was only supposed to be for the inheritance, but things seemed to have become too strange.

Vritra wondered if just this much would be enough to make the empress lose her mind for a couple of seconds, but seeing how she was still managing to hold her moans, it seemed he needed to work harder.

SLURP SLURP

"I-Isn’t that Mmm~ e-enough?" Yennefer asked. Even though this itching feeling and the rubbing of his tongue felt incredibly good, having his tongue in her body felt too strange.

But without stopping, Vritra continued to push his tongue deeper into the empress’s vagina. Soon, more and more fluid began to rush out of her cave, entering his mouth.

After a couple of minutes, Vritra pulled his tongue out of her pussy, making her feel a strange emptiness inside. Though Yennefer still had perfect control over her body and emotions.

Just as Yennefer felt they could finally start with the final process, Vritra wrapped his lips around her small clitoris and bit it lightly, giving it a hard suck as the empress let out a loud moan at the sudden flood of pleasure.

"Aaannnggggg~"

All her nerves tingled. She was unprepared, so it almost made love juice flood out of her body, but sensing that something was about to rush out of her pussy, Yennefer did her best to hold the orgasm.

Vritra finally pulled his lips away from her body and looked at her drenched pussy. He glanced at her face, and the veil seemed to be barely hanging because of her sudden motions.

"YOU!!" After she had calmed down, the empress glared at Vritra for making that sudden move and making her let out such a shameful sound. She was about to attack him when Vritra stood up and took a step back.

"Wait, we are ready now. Look, you are finally wet and I am hard as well. We can start now. You don’t want all of this to go to waste, do you? You want that inheritance, don’t you?" Vritra asked.

"Haa," the empress let out a long breath to calm herself. Now that they had done this much, she was not going to kill him and bring another person to start from the beginning, so she decided to just forgive him for a bit longer.

"Should I put it inside?" Vritra asked as he took a step forward, but Yennefer interrupted him.

"No, just go lie down there. I will be the one on top," she said with a firm expression on her face, hiding her shame at the things they had just done.

Yennefer’s emotions were quite hectic internally. She wondered how she could allow all of that to happen and with such a random boy. That feeling of his mouth just wouldn’t leave her body.

Vritra shrugged as he took his previous position and lay back on the blanket. Yennefer stood up from the throne and felt a bit unsteady at the strange itch in her cave. She steadied herself and stood beside Vritra.

After looking down, she saw his member had grown to full length. It looked so big and hard. The empress wondered if such a large thing was supposed to go inside her body or maybe she had accidentally brought the wrong guy.

Shaking her head, she put her right leg to Vritra’s left and slowly began to descend, ignoring his gaze that was stuck to her drenched vagina. After sitting down in a rather lewd position, she got a hold of his cock and felt the hotness and hardness. It felt even stranger than before.

She placed the tip of his penis at her entrance and, without a thought, pushed her body down with all her might, as the large cock forcefully pushed her wet pussy walls aside and shot straight into the deepest part of her body.

The stimulation was too hard for both of them. She was too tight and made Vritra feel as if her insides were burning hot. Her wet folds stuck to his skin as if they were melting into one.

No sound came out of the empress’s mouth, and she felt as if all the strength had been sucked out of her lungs. Pain and pleasure both rushed, and she finally experienced the first orgasm of her life. For correct content, please visit

Along with her love juices, a small amount of blood also leaked out. Her veil flew away, and feeling as if all the strength had left her body, she softly fell on top of Vritra, her boobs pressing against his chest and her cheek pressing against his.

The two had finally become one as the walls of the room began to glow with a faint light at first and then began to shake lightly before everything seemed to have become a blur.

Reality merging with the unknown.

The empress breathed heavily, inhaling his scent as she clutched his clothes and felt his huge penis pulsing inside her. She could clearly feel how deep in her belly it was reaching.

[Condition to obtain the Scarlet Couple Inheritance has been fulfilled.]

[Process of obtaining the inheritance has started...]

[0%]

[1%]

...

All other feelings in the world suddenly disappeared. Both Vritra and Yennefer only felt the strong connection they shared. They felt as if their bodies were melting into one another.

The two’s eyes suddenly began to feel hot, too hot.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...