Chapter 301: Bewitched

The demons at the 3rd Legion rank who were commanding the small army of demons were baffled when Vritra and the others suddenly started killing them.

It was supposed to be a surprise attack for the humans, but the demons were caught off guard this time.

The six or so commanders instantly rushed towards Vritra; he seemed to be the biggest threat to their army.

But all of a sudden, they were surrounded by darkness and lost their sense of space and time.

Then a terrifying sorcerer rose in front of them out of that darkness, holding a big staff in his hand.

"F- Fourth Legion rank?!! How is there someone like this among these humans, he is not even a human!!" one of the commanders spoke in terror.

All their fighting spirit was put out the moment Hellmancer appeared.

"This mission is a failure, we have to run and give this information back to our base. This God of Mercy isn’t as weak as we were told, damn the Slave Beast Gang."

Another commander said as they took random directions and tried to flee.

GHUUUUUOOOOOOOO

A ghostly sound rang out as Hellmancer chanted something, and in the next moment, worm-like creatures began to wriggle under the skin and through the veins of all the demon commanders.

They had no time to understand anything as intense pain coursed through their bodies.

The most they could do was try to rip out those worms from their bodies, as the demon commanders tore their own skin and veins, but it was of no use.

Within a few moments, they lost complete control of their bodies. All of them were terrified and for the first time experienced what true despair and regret was.

Then Hellmancer simply ordered the commanders to fly into the midst of their army and self-destruct.

’N- No, we can’t do this, we could never harm our brethren. Ughhh, it hurts so much, just kill us instead of this torture.’ All the commanders were in a similar condition.

The darkness disappeared, and despite their internal struggle, they flew towards their army, who had no idea what had happened, and then...

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM

...

Explosion upon explosion took place, more than fifty percent of the demons were instantly killed, and Vritra received an enormous amount of experience points.

Meanwhile, the soul wraiths devoured all their souls.

Onest was shocked to see such a scene. Vritra and the three women were unstoppable; they made this battle look so easy.

’Uh... Shouldn’t I do something as well? I am an agent too...’ he thought but couldn’t find the right time to join the battle.

A couple of the demons separated from the army and flew towards the crowd; Onest finally felt his time had come.

He rushed forward and slashed their bodies into several pieces.

But just when he was about to deliver the final blow, a black shadow flashed by, too fast to be seen, and killed both the demons.

"H- Huh? What just happened? Why didn’t I receive any experience points?" Onest spoke in bewilderment.

He looked back, and seeing that none of the enemy could get close to the people, he flew forward to take part in the battle.

But again, after he injured a demon gravely and was about to finish it off, someone stole his kill again.

"What the fuck is going on? A- Am I being haunted by a ghost or something, was that monk right?" Onest shivered and decided to resume his great role of protecting all the people.

Vritra, Fiona, Vanessa, and Diana—all of them were bathed in blood, but it was so much fun.

***

Sensing the commotion, Yennefer, who was away from the capital, flew back towards the entrance of the White Kingdom upon ending her search. The protector of the emperor followed behind her as usual.

By the time they arrived at the entrance, the battle had already been going on for an hour or so, and barely any demons were left while all the gang members were already dead.

Yennefer scanned the surroundings, and soon her gaze focused on Vritra.

Yasmine had informed him about her presence in advance, so he had already deactivated the Switch skill and was now fighting with his own actual strength while even hiding the soul wraiths.

Yet Yennefer, just after sensing his energy, was a hundred percent sure that it was Vritra. Her lips curled up as she finally caught him.

She was about to fly up to Vritra, but the breathtaking sight in front of her made her halt in the air.

Ever since she was little, Yennefer had been obsessed with strength and killing demons, and had no other interests.

But seeing Vritra’s current image—bathed in the blood of demons, two battle axes in his hands, the complete warrior-like figure—the heart of the heartless empress skipped a beat.

For some reason, that image was too addictive and intoxicating. Yennefer stared absentmindedly at him as Vritra exterminated the remaining demons.

She turned around abruptly and took a deep breath, but whether she closed her eyes or opened them, that image was deeply engraved into her very being.

Her body turned on its own, and her gaze drifted back to him.

’Why... does he look so charming? So strong and attractive...’ the thought crept into her brain on its own, as she watched the remaining battle.

All these feelings were foreign for the empress, as a tsunami of emotions struck the ice shell she had formed around herself ever since she was little.

Shaking her head, Yennefer glanced one more time at the blood-soaked Vritra and then flew away, not wanting to let herself be impacted by that image or these strange feelings.

...

"Haa, and we are done." Vritra spoke as he killed the last demon.

"Yennefer is gone, but how shocking..." Yasmine said, thinking about that entranced look that appeared on the empress’s face.

Yennefer was truly emotionless, so it was a shock for Yasmine.

"What is?" Vritra asked as he looked at his fierce women, all of them looking so damn good.

"It’s nothing. Anyway, what a great event this was—we got Sin Points, experience points, merit points from the Golden Moon, the souls of enemies, and the true devotion of people."

The dragon waifu replied, and to be honest, she too felt her breath stolen at Vritra’s current image, even though he was in Ben Tennyson’s form.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +193,281}

{Sin Point Gained: Cheered for +189,329}

{Sin Point Gained: Prayed +189,810}

{Sin Point Gained: Devoted +189,735}

...

"Yeah, this was truly great." Vritra spoke as he glanced at the new messages, then raising his right hand he let out a thunderous shout: "WE WON!!"

The crowd almost went crazy, as they chanted his name, prayed to him, praised him, and sent a flood of Sin Points towards Vritra.

"Haa, that felt so good, and my level went up by a lot." Diana said as she arrived beside him. She put away her weapons, and the wings on her back disappeared.

The goddess, covered in blood with that big smile, looked quite twisted and gorgeous at the same time.

Wiping her cheek, Vritra spoke: "You fought well. Diana, you have become stronger."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...