Chapter 353: Charm [R-18]

Keeping the large member stuffed in her mouth, Vanessa drank every single drop of his hot semen, rolling it around on her tongue.

After gulping it all, she finally pulled the penis out, licking the tip to clean it off and sucking the remaining bit of cum out of the small hole.

"Mhmm~ No wonder you like it so much, I might just get addicted to such a sweet thing~"

Vanessa spoke, savoring the lingering taste. Drinking all that liquid even gave her lots of experience points.

"..." Diana pouted. She hastily grabbed the penis and took it inside her mouth, rubbing the tip with her tongue.

Vanessa decided to let the goddess have it for now. Vritra sat up and decided to eat his mother out; her juices were really delicious.

Using dust manipulation, he made his mother hover in front of him, then placing her thighs on his shoulder, Vritra kissed her labia.

"Ahhhh~ H- Honey haa l- let me catch my breath first hnnggg~ at least Mhmmm~" Vanessa moaned, feeling his lips working on her petals and his tongue going into her pussy.

Her insides were incredibly soft and tight, filled with a sweet juice that made Vritra thirstier the more he drank it.

After some time, Vanessa finally orgasmed, shooting out her juices, and not long after, Vritra came, giving the goddess what she desired so much.

Finally, it was time for the main act. The three of them looked at one another and decided to find the winner by rock-paper-scissors.

Vanessa seemed to have lucked out there as she became the winner; Diana was second and Fiona was third.

"You two should watch and learn," Vanessa said with a smile, her insides pulsating, waiting to be filled.

Vritra rolled his eyes, chuckling at the trio.

He got off the bed and gestured for his mother to come closer. He made her stand with her palms resting on the bed and ass raised.

"Mom, be careful not to fall." While saying this, he grabbed her ass from behind, feeling the tender flesh as his finger sank into her milky white butt.

"Ahh~" Vanessa was surprised, since they had never done it in a position like this.

Although it was a bit embarrassing being like this in front of two women, that also made it more exciting.

Vritra held his penis, pointing the tip against her entrance and rubbing it against her drenched petals.

Vanessa released soft moans, her hands already trembling a bit, feeling the hardness rub and tease her entrance.

SMACK

Then with a sudden push, Vritra thrusted his entire length into her body, pushing aside her tightly fleshy walls.

"Anngggg~ So deeep~ haaahhhh~" Vanessa’s hand couldn’t support her body as she almost fell onto the bed, but Vritra’s tight grip held her in place as she half lay over the bed.

Her pulsating folds clung tightly to his penis, squeezing it very tightly.

After a slight pause, Vritra began to move rapidly, the tip of his cock hitting her cervix again and again, giving intense pleasure to both.

Diana and Fiona gulped their saliva, seeing the intense erotic scene. Their own vaginas twitched, wanting to have that huge thing thrust into their bodies.

SMACK SMACK

The sound of their bodies colliding along with the milf’s loud moans completely filled the room. Vanessa seemed to have forgotten about everything, even about the small audience of two.

As she asked her own son for more, for him to go deeper and fill her up; getting it from behind and in such a position made the cock reach ever deeper.

Her sensitive flesh felt like burning as his length rubbed against it rapidly, the head almost digging a hole deep within her.

Vritra held her ass tightly, enjoying the incredible tightness, as he slammed harder and harder, making her juices splash over his body.

The poor mother couldn’t last long under her son’s constant thrusts, his piston-like movement messing up her pussy and womb.

"Hanngggg~ Mmmmm~ H- Honey I- I am cu- ahhhh~" Vanessa couldn’t even speak properly, as she felt a strong orgasm, his cock going deeper and deeper.

SPLASH!

Her juices flooded out, drenching his body but even while she was climaxing, Vritra continued to move his waist back and forth, loving how her fleshy walls squeezed his penis.

It wasn’t until the milf had orgasmed a couple more times that she finally felt his penis throbbing inside her and knew what was coming.

"Mhmmm~ Honey G- Give it all to meeee~ F- Fill me haa up, hmmm~ Pump me with aaaaah~ all y- your seeds"

She spoke such erotic words that even the two other women felt their faces redden, drool almost leaking from the corners of their lips as they gazed at that long hard thing.

SMACK!!

With a resounding slapping sound, Vritra pushed his cock the deepest into her body, reaching Vanessa’s womb, and then he released his load deep within.

SPURT! SPURT!

Vanessa moaned louder, feeling the hot and thick semen flood directly into her womb, making her insides stretch and feel so hot.

She buried her face into the blanket, shivers running through her body as her voluptuous body twisted and pushed tighter against him, as the cock kept pumping more semen.

Vritra kept it buried into her womb until he stopped pumping out the sticky semen, then finally pulled his penis out.

Vanessa’s insides still clung tightly to his cock, feeling empty all of a sudden as the huge thing disappeared, leaving behind her belly full of the hot fluid.

Taking several long breaths, Vanessa turned, her chest heaving up and down as she closed her eyes and just enjoyed the feeling of her son’s semen.

"S- So hot... Hnnnggg~" The succubus moaned, still feeling as if his cock was striking her insides.

But Vritra was busy staring into the empty space in surprise since a few unexpected lines from the system popped in front of him.

{Would you like to acquire the Field ’Charm’?}

This was certainly Vanessa’s field. After thinking for a few seconds, Vritra, of course, made the obvious choice.

’Yes.’

{Integrating the Charm into the Divine Field Palette!}

{Congratulations, Charm has been acquired.}

Vritra looked at the Palette, and indeed, along with all the other Fields, the Charm had also been added though its percentage was zero.

’Will I obtain my other wives’ Fields if I had sex with them, or is it a quality only limited to the succubus?’ Vritra wondered, seeing the mark on his mother’s belly glowing with a bright light.

She seemed even more relaxed now.

"Wow, such a nice gift from Mother-in-law. Hehe, now if you increase your comprehension of Charm, then you would be able to help your mother comprehend her Field a lot faster when you train together," Yasmine spoke in a playful tone.

’I see, is it only related to the succubus race? Or was it because of the Field Palette?’ Vritra questioned, feeling the piercing gazes of the two women.

"Isn’t it more exciting to find that out directly, rather than me spelling it out? Hubby, this is an experiment that you must partake in, so don’t worry about your pitiful first wife and do it. I will just stay here and watch the experiment sob," Yasmine said before laughing out loud.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...