Chapter 433: Marking His Territory [R-18]

Vritra lowered his head and took a bite of her juicy pink lips, giving her a steamy, passionate kiss.

Maeve properly showed her learning, her tongue moving in perfect sync with Vritra’s as their salivas mingled.

Their lips were squished together in a hot mess as Maeve lovingly kissed him back.

Vritra’s hands roamed all over her body; her sexy curves and softness were just too hot. The demoness was certainly one of the hottest women he had met.

After a long, wet kiss, their lips parted, stretching a thick line of saliva between their mouths.

Maeve felt quite happy, as just the kiss wasn’t going to conclude the whole training event.

She really wanted him to touch her more, to display more of his love and lust.

Giving a soft kiss to her cheek, Vritra’s lips drifted to her chin and finally to her tantalizing neck.

The sweet fragrance and the sight of her milky smooth skin made him hungry as he bit her neck.

"Ahh~" Maeve let out a soft moan, feeling his teeth and lips against her skin and the burning desire that seemed to want to consume her completely.

Pulling her skin into his mouth, Vritra sucked on the buttery soft flesh, nibbling lightly as the fox moaned.

After a few moments, he pulled his lips away, leaving behind a kiss mark on her beautiful, flawless neck.

"And this is how you do it," Vritra said, giving her sizzling hot skin a light lick before adding, "But I don’t think this much is enough, so let me properly mark you."

Right after saying that, he tore open her clothes, and Maeve loved every second of the wild play. She loved however her master treated her.

Her arms wrapped around his neck as Vritra began to kiss and suck her neck, biting and leaving hickeys all over her skin.

She really was too tasty; the more he ate, the hungrier he felt.

Throwing her torn clothes away, the hot demoness lay under him in just her bra and panties, looking at him with a fiery gaze.

"Hnnn~ haaaa~" she kept releasing soft moans as Vritra continued to suck her skin, biting her neck, then moving onto her shoulders.

It felt quite nice to mark her body, giving him a sense of possessiveness and obsession. Maeve only belonged to him.

He hugged her tighter, biting into her soft flesh harder, while his hands moved down to grasp her soft, large breasts still confined by her bra.

With a light tug, he pulled it away, exposing her chest.

Vritra slowly dragged his lips down her neck, licking her milky skin as her body wriggled in pleasure.

Tightly holding her breasts, Vritra pressed his face against her cleavage, squeezing his head between the softness.

Maeve felt ticklish as his warm breath fell over her skin and his lips pressed against her cleavage.

Vritra continued to suck and bite on her skin, leaving kiss marks all over.

On her flawless buttery skin, it was like he was drawing a beautiful canvas, and the sight was extremely beautiful.

The demoness also loved each sensation he left over her body; even after a few minutes, she still felt sensitive over every mark he had left on her.

Looking down at herself, at all those marks, her heart melted with love, and her gaze became soft and addictive.

She wanted more and more of him, and also to mark him as her own.

"Anggg~" her body arched backward suddenly as Vritra bit the side of her breast, taking into his mouth the soft flesh as his teeth sank into it.

Then he bit the other breast and finally looked at the soft bud at the top of the soft peak.

Vritra latched onto her nipple; his mouth opened wide as he took a big bite.

"Hnnggg~" Maeve felt a pleasurable shiver run through her body.

She hugged him tightly, feeling the warmth of his mouth close in around her sensitive nipple.

Her body twisted as he began to suck on her nipple, his tongue pressing and rubbing against the sweet bud as it slowly turned hard.

While he was hungrily sucking on it, his hands slid down her body before grasping her soft, voluptuous ass cheeks.

With just a light squeeze, his fingers sank into her flesh; it felt incredibly soft.

He squeezed and pinched her butt, loving the sensation, while sucking on her nipple like a kid.

Pulling the bud deeper, he bit on it, making the demoness let out a loud moan.

He continued to nibble on it for a while and then rubbed the sensitive bud with his tongue.

Even though no fluid was coming out, it still felt incredibly tasty, like sweet candy, as Vritra sucked on it for several minutes.

After pulling his mouth away, he stuffed his mouth with the other nipple, squeezing it tightly within his mouth and licking hard at the nipple.

Maeve was discovering something new with each lesson she got from him; never had she thought that such an act could make her feel this sort of pleasure.

Her nipples had turned so sensitive that just a faint touch of his tongue made her feel so strange.

She could also feel wetness between her legs.

Although she had read about it in books, feeling it herself was quite different. Her vagina felt hot and ticklish.

Vritra continued to suckle on her nipples for a while and only pulled away when they had swollen and turned red.

With a pop sound, he pulled out her right nipple, and after giving it a lick, he continued to move further down.

Vritra held her waist, pressing his lips against her soft, smooth belly; her skin really was mouthwatering.

"Mhmmm~ Master hnnn~ s- shouldn’t I ahh~ try it now?" Maeve asked.

She too wanted to leave kisses on his body.

"No, you haa... you are not ready yet," Vritra said.

He hadn’t had enough of her body yet and wanted more taste of her; she was just too tasty.

After speaking, he bit her skin, running his tongue over her belly and kissing all over, blowing air over her sensitive stomach.

Maeve could do nothing but moan and wriggle in Vritra’s grasp as she felt him continue to devour her.

Marking her body, Vritra even teased her cute belly button, making her shiver.

And finally, his face arrived over her panty, which was already wet with her fragrant juices. She was wearing a sexy blue pair.

Maeve’s chest was heaving up and down as she breathed heavily.

She had read about something similar in that book too but felt shy, wondering if Vritra was going to do what she was thinking.

The demoness rubbed her thighs together unconsciously. Despite her cunning nature and seductive acts, she still felt quite shy.

’M- Master is going to e- eat me...?’ she clenched the bedsheet, unable to tear her gaze away from the most handsome man she had seen in her life.

Vritra placed his hands over her thick thighs.

Among all the women in Vritra’s life, Maeve’s thighs were definitely the thickest and most delicious.

He pulled her legs apart and, with a quick motion, pulled her panties away as his gaze settled over her beautiful pink vagina.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...