Chapter 217: Rat

"OH!! Are you sure you want that appearance?" the middle-aged man asked in surprise.

"Yeah, exactly that. Please create it for me right now. I will pay extra, so create it first," Vritra said as he sat down on one of the seats and waited.

After being surprised for a moment, the middle-aged man instantly got to work and began his task. It took a few hours, and finally the makeup glyph was ready. After paying for it, Vritra took the glyph and walked out of there.

"Oh right, forget I ever came here," Vritra turned around and spoke.

[Natural Hypnosis activated.]

The middle-aged man was dazed for a few moments, then he simply began working on his other projects. Because of Vritra’s high level, this skill was very effective, and the man had already forgotten all about Vritra.

’This will come in handy soon,’ Vritra thought, as he got into his carriage and continued with his journey. After some time, he finally arrived at his destination.

He got off the carriage and stepped into the crowded street. The buildings on both sides looked quite exquisite, and the building called the Paradise Hotel was even more majestic.

It was like a slightly smaller version of a castle; everything about it gave off a royal feeling. From decorations to servants, everything was top-notch, though the prices of this hotel were just as high.

Just as Vritra walked up to the entrance, one of the male servants walked up to him and with a flattering smile asked, "Sir, can I help you somehow?"

"Oh yes, I need to book—" Vritra was speaking when all of a sudden a fat man came running from inside the hotel, drenched in sweat and out of breath. While panting heavily, he called out:

"Wait!!"

Both Vritra and the servant looked at the fat man, whose fat was jiggling with each step he took. From his clothes, he didn’t seem to be some random servant.

"Manager, is something wrong?" the servant asked, as he forced a smile.

After wiping off his sweat and taking several long breaths, the fat manager finally spoke, "Our special guests staying on the top floor in rooms 1 to 4 need a few things. Go ahead and do it. Maybe you could get a special tip."

"Oh, but I am currently helping—" the servant pointed toward Vritra but was interrupted by the manager, who spoke in a heavy tone:

"Don’t worry, I will ask someone else to do it. That task is more important."

Finally, the servant apologized to Vritra before scurrying into the hotel. The fat man rubbed his palms together and passed a smile to Vritra before speaking, "Sorry for the inconvenience, sir. I will call someone else for you immediately."

"It’s alright," Vritra shrugged. He didn’t get angry just from this.

After looking back, the manager called out and asked for another servant to come. The new servant’s face looked like that of a rat—his two front teeth stood out the most on his face.

"Please help this sir with his accommodation," the fat manager said, then he walked inside.

"So sir, tell me, what can I help you with?" the rat man said with an ugly smile.

"I need to book a room. Can you help with the procedure and explain all the options available?" Vritra said as the two started walking into the building, which was just as luxurious inside as it appeared from the outside.

"Hehe yes, yes. Hmm, from your clothes, I would suggest you book a room on the lowest floor. The rooms there are the cheapest, and even you can afford them," the rat-faced man said.

’Should I smash his face into the wall?’ Vritra thought, but then decided against it. He just needed to finish one small task, so he didn’t want to create a big problem for no reason.

"Alright, how much is the price for the room?" Vritra asked as the rat-faced man brought him toward the rooms. Even though they were supposed to be the cheapest in the whole building, even those rooms appeared quite nice, so Vritra decided to just book one room.

"The price is one million gold for one night," the rat face said after thinking for a few moments.

Vritra: "..."

"Yeah right, then I will book it for a few hours. Here is a hundred gold coin advance, I will pay the rest later. Leave now." Vritra was finally getting annoyed; he could smell a conspiracy in the air.

"But sir, with just this much you can’t—" the rat-faced man tried to refuse rudely.

"Leave!!" Vritra said as a sliver of his aura burst out of his body, scaring the man. He ran away, then came running back and passed a key to him.

’Sigh, let’s just get the work done and leave. I am a peace loving person, haa it’s fine.’ Vritra thought as he entered his room, calming himself. He sat down on the bed and began to concentrate.

First, he observed the three demon wraiths. The process was now quite close to the end, and there was a high chance that they would be done in a few more hours. The three demon generals must have already arrived near the labyrinth, and now they must be observing it from outside.

’Keep on it, it will be done soon,’ Vritra encouraged them.

[Nether Eye activated.]

In the next moment, he began to observe the entire building and easily found the four special guests of the king in their respective rooms.

The silent man was sleeping, K was writing something in a notebook, J was singing loudly, while O sat cross-legged and was meditating.

’Nice, they are all here. Let’s start the plan,’ Vritra stood up. He took out a piece of paper from his inventory along with a pen and began to write something.

After he was done, he pulled out a few corpses of goblins from his inventory and, using dust, sent them flying out of the window. As they rose higher into the air, then...

"Explode!!"

BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM...

Suddenly, a loud explosion sounded and all the people in the Paradise Hotel were startled. The whole place suddenly became chaotic as all the people rushed out of their rooms and began to run toward the exit.

Some even seemed as if they had just come out of the bath, running with towels wrapped around their bodies.

Hundreds of people staying in the hotel all rushed out. Even the three people from the Golden Moon couldn’t sit still, as they flew out of their rooms to inspect the surroundings, while the fourth man continued to sleep.

Vritra also walked out of the building amidst the chaos. He stood there calmly for a few minutes while gazing toward the sky, and soon his gaze met with K and the others.

The three men flew down and landed beside Vritra. K was the first to speak: "Oh, what a surprise to find you here, Jin Woo. Are you involved in this explosion?"

"Haha, please forgive my friend. Anyway, Jin Woo, do you know what happened just now?" J spoke, a wide smile on his face.

"No, I was in my room when I heard those explosions and then I ran outside along with the others," Vritra replied. The first part of his plan had succeeded.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...