Chapter 121: Brutality

Vritra looked around at all the assassins that were already on the ground. Striking them now would be showing them mercy. So he ignored them all and fixed his gaze on the four assassins that were still left standing.

All four of them were above level 600, with the highest being at 655. Vritra’s own level was at 628—if seen normally, then there should be a huge power difference between the two.

Well, there was a big power difference, but not in the way most would assume.

The four assassins were the strongest leaders of the Dawn Minion group—they were only under the leader. There was one more, but he had gone out on a mission.

Even the four assassins were terrified by the sight in front of them. They wondered what kind of monster their organization had offended to be reduced to this state within minutes.

"Who exactly are you? And what is your reason for causing trouble here?" one of them asked. He just wanted to buy some time; of course, Vritra’s reason to kill an assassin organization was obvious.

"..." Vritra looked at the four men before fixing his gaze on the man who had just asked the question. He pointed one of the axes towards him and said:

"Got you!!"

In the next instant, Vritra—along with the weapons he was holding—crumbled into dust, shocking all four of the men.

It was just a clone.

The strongest assassin among them felt slight rustling of air behind him. Without even saying anything, he swung his blade behind his back with all his might while jumping away.

WHOOSH

The blade tore through a body, cutting it in half. But the first assassin was shocked to see that it wasn’t Vritra who had just died—it was one of the assassins who was already suffering.

"Where is he? I can’t sense his presence at all. Is he an assassin too? What kind of technique is this?" the second one spoke, looking around vigilantly; his body continued to tremble.

The entire hall was filled with a palpable tension. There was little to no chance of survival. The horrifying screams made the situation much worse—the four assassins understood that Vritra was a psycho.

Even if their work involved killing, most of them didn’t enjoy the task and just did it because they had to. But Vritra—he was enjoying the entire act. He seemed more excited the more the people screamed in pain.

"Get closer," the first assassin suggested as the four stood close to one another, with their backs pressed together. This way they were able to look in all directions and had a higher chance of defending against any surprise attack.

Vritra’s voice sounded suddenly.

"Forbid: Mana!!"

[Forbidden Activated.]

He appeared in front of the fourth assassin, who had a terrified look on his face but still tried to launch an attack—only to notice the next moment that he couldn’t access any of the mana in his body.

"H-How is this possib—Ughhh!" He hastily pushed his blade forward, but Vritra casually waved one of the axes, cutting off both his feet near the knees.

The scream of the fourth assassin sounded as he fell down. The other three were alerted and attacked Vritra at the same time.

"Forbid: Vision!!"

[Forbidden Activated.]

Vritra’s casual voice sounded as his body turned into dust and disappeared. At the same time, the second assassin’s vision went dark. He was startled and so frightened that he began to swing his blades around randomly.

"Uwaaaah I CAN’T SEE ANYTHING!! AHHHHHH M-MY EYES—"

The other two assassins easily dodged his blades, but the fourth assassin—whose body was falling to the ground—couldn’t.

The blade slashed at his eyes, cutting them both in half. Finding a target, the second man didn’t stop as he madly cut at the head of the fourth assassin.

His cheeks were torn, his jaw was cut into several parts, his nose fell off, even his neck was almost torn apart.

"Forbid: Strength."

[Forbidden Activated.]

Vritra mumbled. The number two’s vision finally returned, and he saw the terrifying scene of his blade plunged deep into the skull of his friend.

He was horrified and fell back, his body shivering badly. He vomited and began to run away.

The number three, who was holding two metallic knives, suddenly felt extremely weak—just standing became an impossible chore for him. The two knives fell from his hands as if their weight had increased by dozens of times in an instant.

At that moment, an axe descended from the top.

BANGGG

The sharp blade struck exactly the third assassin’s head, then it continued to move down, slicing his body in two vertically.

The axe passed through his flesh and organs as if cutting through empty air. The third man had a dreadful expression on his face, his eyes filled with regret and questions.

Then the two parts fell in opposite directions, as the blood and organs flowed out like a mess.

The second assassin saw this and became even more terrified.

"You bastard, fight me head-on if you dare!" the first assassin roared with bloodshot eyes. Even as assassins, they had little relationship with each other, but they could still be considered one large family.

And now every single one of them was dying such pitiful deaths, without even knowing why they were being killed.

[Nether Eye Activated.]

Vritra’s figure appeared in front of the first assassin, who had gone mad with bloodlust. But his body paused as he saw the vertical eye on Vritra’s forehead containing endless darkness. For some reason, he felt a strong danger from it.

An invisible wave of energy shot out of the Nether Eye and struck the first assassin, who had no way to defend against it.

But Vritra didn’t pause...

He spent even more mental energy, sending one more mental attack.

Then again...

And again...

The first man’s weapons fell to the ground as he clutched his head tightly and fell to his knees.

His scream reverberated across the hall—none of his words were understandable. His hair turned white extremely fast before withering away. Then the first assassin’s skin began to shrink as blood seeped out of all the pores on his body.

Receiving several devastating mental attacks completely wrecked his body, inside and out.

His eyes bulged to an impossible length before popping out of the sockets and hanging by the nerves connecting them, giving a bloody view of his skull. The sight was extremely gruesome.

Vritra no longer paid any attention to him and looked at the second assassin, who was trying to wriggle his way out of the dust dune.

Vritra felt a headache since a large amount of his mental energy was exhausted, but with his passive skills working in the background along with Shift, it began to recover rapidly.

"Where is your leader?" Vritra moved and flashed in front of the man, who already seemed to have gone crazy.

"I-I don’t know sob sob uwaaaah p-please spare me, I d-don’t even know you... sob sob I hadn’t done a-anything... I have a family... please, I am working to feed t-them... sob sob... I don’t want to die..." the second man cried and begged.

______________

Thanks for reading...