Chapter 143: Demon in hiding?

"Wifey, do you understand anything from the description?" Vritra asked as he tapped on his chin.

"I don’t understand either. Does this thing allow you to absorb energy directly or something? Like absorbing energy directly from the air to refill your empty mana reserves?" Yasmine shared her thoughts.

"I guess we won’t know if it is good or bad until I give it a try. I just hope it isn’t too bad." Vritra looked at his surroundings and decided to move further away from there.

He flew slightly deeper into the forest. What if this skill acted the same way as he thought? Wouldn’t he accidentally end up absorbing the life force of people around him and killing them?

After moving far enough, he came out of his disappearing state, since in the fourth dimension he couldn’t affect his surroundings in any way, so this strange skill most probably wouldn’t work.

"Alright, let’s give it a try." Vritra released a long breath as he mentally prepared himself for this. He wasn’t sure exactly what would happen, so he was about excited and anxious.

[SUCK! SUCK! SUCK! Activated.]

Just as the skill activated, Vritra felt as if his mouth had turned into an extremely strong vacuum cleaner, as energy from all sides began to pull at a rapid speed into his body.

Vritra was surprised at first. It was just as he thought; just after activating the skill, he would be able to suck the energy from the environment and maybe even the energy from the enemy’s body, refilling his own energy reserves.

Though it might not be powerful enough to suck people’s life force, Vritra still felt that this was a great skill. He would never need to use mana potions again, and he would never be short on energy.

Even if the battle drew on for a long time, he could just refill while the enemy got weaker— even the enemy’s energy would be sucked dry.

He would be able to use the strongest move again and again on top of that.

Vritra’s mouth was opened wide in an O shape. A gust of wind was released when the skill was activated, though it didn’t pull anything but energy.

Indeed, the Divine Sin Wheel could never give out a shitty skill. Even if the name was strange, it was a great skill that increased his battle prowess instantly.

Since the experiment was successful and his energy reserve became full to the brim, Vritra was about to deactivate the skill for now, feeling quite satisfied with the result.

But just then, a strong wave of demonic energy entered his body, startling him a bit. At first, he panicked, but then all the demonic energy got swallowed hungrily by the essence core in his body. It too got filled to the brim within moments and actually began to grow.

’Oh, where did this demonic energy come from? Maybe it is from the labyrinth?’ Vritra wondered and decided to take even more. The Evil-Veyll God Essence was already so strong—if it could grow further, then his attack power would greatly increase.

Vritra used all his might and pushed SUCK! SUCK! SUCK! to its limit as an even stronger wave of air swept across the forest. Vritra indeed felt more of that strong demonic energy entering his body, but in the next moment...

GULP

Something flew at lightning speed in his direction, and before he knew it, it was sucked into his mouth and got stuck in his throat. Vritra swallowed unconsciously before getting frozen by confusion and bewilderment.

Yes, both Yasmine and Vritra froze the moment he swallowed that unknown item.

In the next instant, Yasmine was the first to react; she sensed immediately what it was exactly that her trouble-magnet husband had just swallowed.

"F- Fuck!! SPIT IT OUT IMMEDIATELY!!" she spoke with urgency before teleporting him to a faraway location when she sensed some really dangerous presence approaching them.

Right now, she couldn’t even defeat the BOB, a Myriad creature, so how could she challenge the demon generals who had levels of several thousand?

She teleported him to a random location. Vritra was baffled. Not because of the sudden teleportation or the strange sensation that was growing in his body, nor because of the danger he had just sensed or the object he had just swallowed, but... because Yasmine cursed for the first time.

And what does that mean?

The situation was truly fucked.

{Sin Point Gained: Chased +3}

Finally, Vritra came to his senses. He coughed hard and tried to spit out the round object, but to no avail—it had already travelled down into his body and got stuck there somehow.

"W- What was that?" Vritra asked, as the strange sensation grew rapidly within his body.

"Damnit, how could you just attract troubles from all sides, hubby? Weren’t you summoned here by a goddess? Why do you keep getting demonic things into your body? Are you sure you are not a demon in hiding? Or do you have some kind of fetish related to demons?

First that Demon God energy and traces of the 2nd ranked demonic halo, that was fine. Even eating demonic meat and drinking demonic blood was fine, but why did you suddenly raise your standard and aim directly for the Essence Core of a Demon Lord? W- We are doomed!!" Yasmine was just as panicked, she spurted her frustration before getting to work.

But sensing the current situation, they both knew that before crying over the spilled milk, they had to escape from their dangerous pursuers and somehow also deal with the essence core.

Finally, his puny body couldn’t hold in the energy of the demon lord. It spread across his body rapidly and swallowed him completely from the inside.

[Intra Shuffle Activated.]

BOOM!!

His hand was the first to explode, but Vritra had sensed the danger in advance. So using his new hybrid skill, he made his body distort and shifted his bones and most of his flesh away just in time.

What exploded was only part of his flesh and skin, but it was still a little painful. And the energy was consuming his entire body. Soon, no trick would work and he would explode like a balloon.

The reality of the situation finally sank in as Vritra sensed how terrifying this energy was. It was so dense and vast in amount that just a little could kill him.

{Sin Point Gained: Ambushed +3}

The moment the explosion had occurred, Vanessa teleported Vritra to another location, as they barely avoided getting caught by the three demonic generals who were charging toward them with dangerous attacks charged up.

BOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

WHOOOOOOOOOSH!!

BAAANNNNGGGGGG!!

Three loud explosions sounded from the distance, but Vritra or Yasmine had no time to pay it any attention as they focused their entire attention on stopping the rampage of this darn core.

{Sin Point Gained: Hated +3}

{Sin Point Gained: Enraged +3}

"T- Try your best to converge the energy, I will do the same. Just focus on this and I will keep the nosy demons away," Yasmine said as she focused on forcing all the energy back into the core while also teleporting him to different locations every couple of seconds.

Right then, like a true savior, it arrived.

[Mutamorphis Activated!!]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...