Chapter 751 The Bitch who cannot see Mount Tai

Vritra was truly speechless at that response, was this truly a member of the Divine Kage?

He had just killed one of them and he was still not believing? Wasn't this the top organization, set up by the gods themselves to catch the Divine?

"Haa" Vritra pointed at another, making the head of another Divine Kage explode.

BOOOOM

Then he looked at number 30, who just shook his head, there is no way as a veteran he would be fooled by a kid.

BOOOOM

Another was killed, then another. Now only one Divine Kage remained in the room, who still sat there confidently.

"Still no." he shook his head.

"Y- You are Vritra? You are the one who married my a- aunty?" on the other hand, Rich asked in shock.

Vritra was a good friend of his, but they hadn't met in such a long time.

Ignoring the last Divine Kage, Vritra looked at Sir Giant and Shen.

"How have you been?"

"O- Oh! V- Vritra?!! You were Vritra? Not Art?" Shen was so shocked, he didn't know what to think about it.

He looked at Teresa and asked: "Were you aware of this?"

"Yes, I indeed was." Teresa nodded, her tone showing no emotions.

"This place is kinda stuffy and starting to smell, how about we go out?"

With a snap of his fingers, all of them appeared outside the palace in the open space.

Sakshi was still screaming on the floor, clutching her leg.

"What is your name?" first Vritra decided to deal with the Divine Kage member.

"I am number 30, you are Art Yates? I have done some research-" right then, his arm exploded and pain shot through his body.

But number 30 didn't release any scream, though he finally knew this was reality and not some illusion.

Then… he had really just allowed this demon to kill four of his teammates?

He really is Vritra?

Number 30 stood up abruptly, his eyes wide, and jumped back. He looked at his arm which wasn't healing at all.

"Yea, go back and tell the members of Divine Kage that I am back, they can come find me." Vritra spoke.

He had almost forgotten about that fishing rod he had gotten before in the bank locker of Zihong.

'I think along with the skill he must also want that fishing rod, it is such a great treasure.' He thought.

At first number 30 wanted to start a fight right there, but suddenly an invisible Elegy Parasite climbed to the back of his head.

It quickly got control of his body.

"Yes sir!" number 30 nodded and flew away.

After he was gone, Vritra finally looked at the people around him, then frowned.

"So noisy, can you stay quiet for a minute?" he muttered, looking at the writhing Sakshi.

"Shen help me! T- This criminal, he is a demon, we have to kill him uwaaaaah I knew it, he isn't a good guy!" she screamed.

"Tess, go ahead, talk with whoever you want." Vritra said, giving her some time with this family of hers.

He took Yennefer's hand and decided to have a walk around.

'I have to kill these two, they dared to humiliate me again and again! But how can I?' Sakshi kept screaming Shen's name but knew he wouldn't help her.

She looked around, Sir Giant was so weak and clearly liked his granddaughter, he wouldn't help her.

Rich wouldn't help her either, there really was no one on her side.

Jean and Tiny stood silently at the back, trying to just disappear, they were just useless.

Jean was extremely frightened, he remembered how he wanted to beat Art up and that guy is Vritra?

This thought alone made him wet his pants as he fell on his butt and held onto his wife Tiny.

'I have to do something myself but how- oh!' suddenly a great idea popped into her mind, as she looked at Teresa.

Who was just talking with Sir Giant and Rich.

She silently wriggled towards Teresa, and once getting closer, she quickly held onto her leg.

"Hahahahaha I did it!!" she laughed maniacally, now Teresa was done for.

She would steal all her bad luck or might even die right away, how great is that?

Now there would only be fortune in her future, while Teresa would have a miserable end, even Vritra wouldn't be able to save her.

"…" few moments passed but she didn't sense any changes, after a moment she glanced up, only for her soul to almost leave her body.

Teresa's black eyes were focused on her, cold and murderous, the previous meekness was completely gone.

'W- What is… happening? Why didn't it work? Huh? What? Why?' Sakshi froze, her heart thumping as if it was about to explode.

Vritra paused in the distance, he had sensed her sneaky move, Teresa did too but they didn't act.

They both wanted to show if she really was scummy enough to even want to kill her, and this bitch had really no shame or principles.

"And you have done enough!" Vritra's voice full of anger rang out, even the sky was covered by dark clouds and cracks stretched all over the place.

Sakshi was so scared she screamed and began to cry, begging for forgiveness, calling out to Shen, Rich, Sir Giant repeatedly.

Vritra's pupils glowed with malice, as particles of dust began to form a long blade above her.

It was clear, Vritra planned to kill her.

"W- Wait, don't kill her!" Shen shouted, but he wasn't fast enough nor strong.

"Wait!" Sir Giant too called out, even if she was a bitch, she was still a member of the family, unfortunately so he had to protect her.

Rich wanted to call out too, after all this was his mother, but he knew Vritra wasn't going to stop now.

Teresa frowned, a little bit conflicted only because of her brother and Rich, she didn't have an ounce of feeling towards Sakshi.

Sakshi too realized that right now, only Teresa could make Vritra stop, no one else could, so she began to beg amidst her sobbing.

"Uwaaaaah P- Please spare me just once, I-"

BANG

But she wasn't given a chance to speak any further, as the large sword cut through her body, tearing her into two.

He had already spared her life before despite her treating his wife so badly, but this time she had crossed the line.

"Noooooooo!!" Shen screamed, as if he was kicked in the balls.

Of course, he wasn't really sad that his wife was killed but she had held onto a big secret of his.

If not for that, he would have killed her himself and that bitch Sakshi had set it up in such a way that if she were to die or disappear.

The evidence would be released itself to the whole world.

That was the only reason why Shen didn't want Sakshi to die.

Teresa was teleported to Vritra's side, as soon as the blade struck, cutting Sakshi in two.

In a few moments, life disappeared from her eyes, as she stared up blankly.

And right as she had died, a video began to play in the sky, a video in which Shen was clearly visible.

Not just in the Ford realm but even outside the Ford realm, all over the place, as most of the humans saw the spectacle in the sky.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...