Chapter 130: The Back Door

"Tsk, You got lucky. Tell me what is your requests." Fiona asked, frowning but it was fine she can still cancel one of his request.

"My first request is..." Vritra’s smile widened, after a pause he added: "Let me enter you through the back door."

{Sin Point Gained: Flustered +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

"Huh? W- What? There is no way that could happen. I am cancelling your first request." Fiona said hastily, her eyes wide with bewilderment.

"Hoo, fine then my second request is..." Vritra thought for a moment, and then said: "Let me suck your breasts."

{Sin Point Gained: Dazed +1}

Fiona’s mouth widened in shock, she wanted to refuse it, but she had already used her request so she had no choice but to agree. Of course, just rejecting the entire game was an option too but that would beat the reason why she even agreed for it.

"What? T- That’s so strange? Why do you even want to do that?" she asked, placing her arms around her ample bosom.

"Because they look tasty and I want to have a taste. Anyway, do you agree or not." Vritra answered, as he sat the dices aside.

’I am sorry Max, but it wouldn’t matter what we do here. I won’t give in to his games and I won’t cross the line.’ She thought, and nodded her head.

Firming her resolve to protect Max at any cost, she lay down on the bed and closed her eyes. But the twisted part of her made her wonder what she would feel if he played with her body.

Vritra was a little surprised, he didn’t expect her to agree so fast and so easily, he had even prepared one more line to convince her, but there really was no need for that.

Her hands rested on her sides, her chest kept heaving up and down as her breathing got heavier. Even when lying down, the redhead’s perky boob looked quite big and supple.

Vritra slowly moved towards her as he began to take her upper clothes off, slowly... sensually.

After Vritra took off her bra, Fiona felt the cold air brushing against the milky skin of her upper body, feeling which her body shivered a little, feeling anxious and a corrupted excitement internally.

As her boobs came out of the bra, they bounced a bit and she could feel his burning gaze eating her body with his eyes.

{Sin Point Gained: Embarrassed +1}

’H- He can see me, he can see my c- chest!!’ Fiona bit her lips as her face turned bright red, she clenched her fists and tried not to show any kind of reaction.

Vritra’s hands slowly moved towards her milky boobs, as he gently grasped the soft mounds; that were a bit too big to fit in his hands, the softness exploded as his fingers were swallowed by her flesh.

"Mmm~"

Sensing his touch, her body began to heat up; no one has ever touched her body like that- heck no one had ever even seen more of her skin than what she had allowed. Being from a well respected family, she had always dressed up in modest clothes.

Maybe it was because of her family’s controlling nature that a part of her personality had become like that.

Fiona’s face reddened, and she barely managed to stop any moan from escaping from her mouth.

After kneading her tits and pressing into them for a couple of minutes, Vritra finally moved one of his hands away and brought his face closer to her perky boob.

She felt his warm breath tickling her creamy skin and couldn’t help but shiver. Vritra opened his mouth and moved his tongue toward her pink nipple, giving a light lick to the sweet tip.

"Mmmph~" At the sudden sensation, a small moan came out of her mouth; Fiona instantly put both of her hands over her mouth trying to stop herself. Those moans only made her feel more guilty, but just the touch of his tongue was so electrifying.

Vritra didn’t stop and began to lick her nipple again and again, circling it with his tongue, pushing down on the bud, poking and rubbing it with the tip of his tongue.

He brought his mouth to the creamy white skin of her bosom and started sucking on it, nibbling gently as he pulled the soft, smooth skin into his mouth.

As he licked her skin, it really felt buttery smooth and sweet, making Vritra take bites all over her boobs. Wherever he sucked and bit, a dark kissing mark appeared.

{Sin Point Gained: Bewitched +1}

"Haa Mmm~ Hmph haa" feeling his lips, tongue and teeth moving over her boobs, Fiona was barely holding her moans.

After a few minutes when her white tits were covered in his kiss marks, Vritra finally opened his mouth and took her pink nipple into his mouth, making her moan loudly as she felt her bud wrapping around by the warmth and softness.

"Aaahhhhhnnn~" she couldn’t stop her moans as Vritra kept sucking on her nipple while inside his mouth, his tongue played with it.

He kept changing from one nipple to another, not showing favouritism. As he sucked hard and bit on her nipples, she couldn’t help but moan in pleasure, forgetting everything else.

This felt a lot better than what she had imagined, Fiona finally gave in to her horny part, loving his bites and teasing.

She placed both of her hands on the back of his head and pulled his head towards herself almost as if trying to force more of her flesh into his mouth.

"haa haa Hnnnnnggggg~ mmmhhnnn~ haa " Fiona was panting heavily as she moaned in pleasure. She wrapped her legs around his waist and pressed her body against his as hard as she could.

With the overload of pleasure, she had forgotten everything guilt, shame, regret, and anger. There was nothing except pleasure.

Vritra continued to enjoy her delicious nipples for a long time, licking the hard nipples and nibbling on them, only after he felt satisfied did he pull his face away.

After being sucked for so long, her nipples looked a bit swollen and red, they had become incredibly sensitive. Fiona lay there, panting heavily, still consumed by the sensation.

...

"Can we start the last round now?" Vritra asked with a smile as he picked the dices.

Fiona sat up and covered her body, as the fabric of her bra touched her swollen nipples, her body shivered and she let out a moan.

{Sin Point Gained: Blushed +1}

"Hnnnn~ Y- Yes, let’s get it over with." She replied, determined not to let anything more happen. This was already a huge act of betrayal towards Max, she didn’t want to go any further.

They took their dices and once again threw them at the count of three.

Vritra: 6

Fiona: 5

"Haha I won again, looks like my luck is shining again." Vritra laughed, while Fiona chewed her lips in nervousness.

"A- Again."

They threw the dice again.

Vritra: 6

Fiona: 5

"H- Huh? How could this be? How are they exactly the same as last time?" Fiona exclaimed and looked at Vritra suspiciously.

"It’s a game of luck, what can I say?" Vritra shrugged his shoulders.

"..." Gritting her teeth, Fiona said nothing as they threw the dice for the third turn.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...