Chapter 676 The Healing Stones

The three groups all looked at these twelve new people and wondered if they were here for the treasures as well.

"Who are you? I have never seen you around here- hmm? Glass and Eagle?" the leader of one group narrowed his eyes at Ming and Ergen.

"Do you know anything about these two groups?" Vritra didn't reply, instead asked a question.

"Yes sir, they are pieces of shit so it wouldn't be a problem even if you were to kill them all. While the Rankers are really good people, I would say one of the best in this city." Ergen answered.

Now he wasn't as afraid as before after witnessing Vritra's strength, instead they were starting to enjoy the journey.

"I see, well that's good." Vritra looked at the ground and saw dead bodies of humans and many mutants.

Jumping off the floating cart, he casually walked towards the building then knelt and touched the arm of one corpse, then another and so on…

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a mutant +28}

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a mutant +28}

{Sin Point Gained: Touched a mutant +26}

…

Everyone looked at him in confusion, and Vritra only stopped once he had collected all the sin points.

Then he looked into the building where dozens of men and women with injured bodies were defending against the two groups.

"You two, I heard you have kept a lot of slaves, is that true?" Vritra asked, his tall imposing figure making them feel nervous.

"Who the fuck do you think you are? Get lost before we-"

BOOM

Vritra snapped his finger as the head of the loud man exploded, the sight scared everyone else.

"Too noisy, anyway who is the leader?" he then questioned looking at the 1st group.

"Y- You just killed him…" one of the men said fearfully, the scene had turned completely silent.

"Oh, anyway answer my previous question, I need some slaves." He asked lazily.

"Y- Yes, we have a lot of slaves, w- women too. You can have them all-"

BOOM

The speaker from the other group died, his head exploding like a balloon.

"Did I ask you yet, wait for your turn." After speaking he turned to face the 1st group.

"Y- Yes, we have them, a lot of the-"

BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM

One by one the heads of the men began to explode, the others were terrified and tried to flee.

But it was pointless, and soon all more than sixty men lay in a big pool of blood.

The Rankers inside were all scared, their bodies shaking.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +73}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +98}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +102}

…

"That takes care of it, now among you all, who is the leader of the Rankers?" Vritra asked, throwing away all the blood and corpses.

"…" the group looked dreadfully at one another, afraid that they might have their heads explode just like that.

"I- It is me…" One middle-aged man with a well-built body stepped forward, he used to be a boxer.

But lost his family at the start of the apocalypse, at first he wanted to just die but ended up protecting a few people.

From that moment on, he had been protecting others.

"Hmm do you still have that Ascension Path stone?" Vritra asked.

"Y- Yes sir, I do have it." He sighed internally, so this group was here for that as well.

He just hoped they wouldn't hurt any of them, there was no point in putting up a fight against this man.

"Good, how about you exchange that Ascension Path and the mine with me for food enough to feed everyone here?" Vritra said.

"Oh!" the boxer was surprised, he expected Vritra to just forcefully take away everything, but getting food in return was great.

"A- Alright, how much food you have?" he asked hurriedly.

"How many people you have?" Vritra returned the question.

"Uh O- Over 300, there are kids and old people too." The leader replied, food was very precious now, so it wasn't a bad deal.

"Alright, let's talk inside." Vritra led his family into the building, the boxer was slightly nervous at first but he wouldn't be able to stop them even if he wanted.

Arriving on a top floor, Vritra and the others stood in front of the leader, who took out the Ascension Path stone and handed it to Vritra.

"This thing wasn't suitable for me otherwise I would have already ascended." The leader said.

[Stone of Duality Ascension Path!]

"Hmm?" Vritra couldn't understand its true nature, so he decided to just let his family hold it and see if it resonated with them.

Diana, Yasmine, Teresa and Onest all held it one by one.

The goddess, Teresa and Onest all shook their heads.

"I believe I am compatible with this stone hubby, no it's like perfectly made for me." Yasmine spoke in surprise.

Wasn't this a bit too easy?

"Of course it was easy, I haven't been just lazing around all this time, I have made proper arrangements." Divine spoke suddenly.

'Aren't you speaking too much lately? Anyway, good job, you can subtract one slap from the ones I was going to deliver when meeting you.' Vritra praised.

Now only Teresa, Diana and Onest remained who were yet to get their Ascension Paths.

"Should I put the food here?" Vritra asked, now after checking out the mine, they would be done here.

"But you aren't carrying anything…" the leader looked on in confusion, wondering if he had just been scammed.

But in the next moment, a huge amount of food items appeared out of nowhere.

Water, instant noodles, meat and whatnot, Vritra gave enough to keep them full for at least a year.

As for storage, they could worry about that on their own.

"W- Whoaaaa!!" The leader fell onto his butt, so much food in the apocalypse?

What kind of cheat life was this guy living?

"This should be enough, anyway bring us to the mine now." Vritra interrupted the leader's shock.

"Y- Yes sir, please follow me. It is just in the building opposite to ours, we just found it but someone leaked the news."

The leader became very respectful, as he led them towards the other building which had already been cleared out.

Soon all of them stood under the ground, unfortunately, it wasn't an Attribute Mine either.

This mine seemed to be made especially for the goddess, energy stored in the stones would only benefit her.

Well, it was still good, the stronger the healer of the group the better.

And so, they began to pull out the stones while Diana alone devoured them.

Vritra tried one, and with his Evomorph, he was actually able to absorb it which affected his self-healing ability.

'Great, so it is useful for me too.' Diana wouldn't have been able to use all of them anyway.

Even the two of them wouldn't either, so they just took out a lot of stones and devoured them all.

Leaving more than a quarter behind, they could be used by the Rankers for healing.

Vritra walked out of the building, it was already getting dark so he decided to stay at the Rankers building for now.

He had heard that the mutants at night were especially dangerous, so Vritra wanted to check this out and hunt at night.

"Found you!!" just then a chilling voice sounded from the sky.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...