Chapter 241: Doomed

BANNGGGG

With a single punch, the Pope destroyed Bob while Vritra’s body remained frozen in the air. The path to the inheritance was finally clear.

Almost all of the Grieves entered the inheritance ground while a few remained outside to keep an eye on Vritra, though it was now almost impossible for him to get out of the restraints even with the fourth dimension.

"Tch. We finally got him under control, I can’t believe he was able to struggle for so long against all of us despite not even being 2nd Legion rank. He will certainly turn into really dangerous Glyphs." One of the few Grieves muttered as they gazed down at Vritra.

"Should we just kill this bastard and say he died on his own?" one of them suggested, looking at Vritra with hate.

"Haa, I wish we could do that but he is pretty much dead now. Making him go through all those experiments would be a lot more cruel than a simple death right now." Another replied, as they floated close to him.

’No... F- Fiona... Yasmine...’ Vritra could barely think straight, his consciousness was on the verge of collapsing and his health was extremely low.

Suddenly, his pupils started to turn white and Elegy Parasite was about to take control of his body, but Vritra forcefully took control of his mind as he gasped for breath, keeping himself awake.

The Elegy Parasite’s sole motivation and motive was to stay alive, and for that, it could go to any length.

Right now, it might just choose to escape, leaving Fiona behind. So, Vritra couldn’t give control of his body to that thing.

Gritting his teeth, he resorted to the last option.

[Null Activated.]

In the next instant, Vritra was pulled into a strange space. A stream of time was flowing on one side while on the other side countless veins pulsed and continued for eternity. He wasn’t sure what this place exactly was or how he could control Null, but right now this was his only bet.

If something went wrong, then he might really lose everything.

His head started hurting so bad as if he was being electrocuted constantly by very high-voltage electricity. His existence itself seemed to be on the verge of collapsing as he found his consciousness fading away slowly.

Feeling desperate, Vritra just did anything he could.

[Nether Eye Activated.]

The next moment, a third eye opened on his forehead. Vritra’s complete focus was on the stream. As the all-seeing eye opened, his mind was filled with countless images which almost made his head explode.

But he soon discarded it all, and the Nether Eye brought his mind to a particular point of the stream as a vision of himself fighting against the Grieves appeared.

[Forbid: Flow]

[Forbidden Activated.]

All of a sudden, the flow of the stream slowed down. Time itself started to move slowly over the entire universe and further.

But the relative time of everything had slowed down so not many were able to notice anything. Almost all the beings continued normally, while a very few noticed the anomaly.

Yennefer was one of them.

The stream seemed to be struggling as Vritra’s mental strength was drained extremely fast and tiny drops of the substance that made up the entire stream splattered around, which seemed to be creating a lot of space and time rifts across the universes.

[Suck! Suck! Suck! Activated.]

This was the last straw as the stream finally erupted in a chaotic onslaught. A vast amount of this strange energy or substance rushed towards Vritra and entered his body.

This thing was enough to make him explode hundreds of thousands of times, but before he could actually explode, almost the entire energy was sucked away to keep Forbidden activated.

A strange cycle was thus automatically created. The stream was in complete chaos while the veins on the sides twisted and intertwined and seemed to be on the verge of collapsing, but kept resisting the sudden changes.

The endless amount of the strange form of energy from the stream continued to flow out, while its speed was slowed down to some extent with the Forbidden.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

Vritra’s body disappeared from existence in that dark space. It was like he never existed there, but the abnormal cycle continued without any changes.

[Mutamorphis Activated!!]

[Analysing the surrounding environment.]

[Analysis complete, extreme danger detected.]

[Searching for the best possible solution.]

...

...

[Search complete!!]

[You have obtained the Space-Time Barrier!!]

Finally, this was the last step as Vritra truly became a separate entity, and the flow of the stream or the changes occurring stopped having any effect on him.

Not only had everything slowed down, but lots of space-time rifts were opening randomly across the universe, while Vritra had become a separate existence who observed everything as an outsider.

With all his skills activated and the Space-Time Barrier, his body soon started to heal back and even his mind was reverted back to his peak form.

Finally, as all the pain disappeared, Vritra’s mind cleared up and he was shocked to see the mess he had created. He couldn’t understand what exactly was going on or how he could stop it.

When he felt hopeless, he just randomly activated all his skills, but he seemed to have triggered something that he couldn’t really control.

Just then, Vritra closed his eyes and completely focused his senses on the vision of the Nether Eye.

In the stream of time, he saw the moment where Yasmine had just pulled him out of the destructive storm. But despite finding it, he didn’t know what he should do.

He wondered if he just deactivated his skills, everything would go back to normal.

Yet just returning like that wasn’t what he wanted. Gritting his teeth, he decided to try a rather dangerous idea. He wasn’t sure if it would work or not, and honestly, there wasn’t much chance either.

Vritra wanted to control the flow of the stream of that particular part.

He made a part of himself visible while keeping the fourth dimension activated, and then used Suck! Suck! Suck! and focused on the stream as he tried to slightly change its flow in that particular part.

A big change happened across the small forest. Time actually began to flow back. All the demons, humans, and other creatures present in the small forest, and even the wraiths, felt as if they were watching everything play in reverse.

They were aware of the changes as their bodies moved back and soon all of them were at the same position they had been a few minutes prior.

Even Yasmine appeared outside as all her injuries disappeared. She looked around in confusion just like the Grieves, who seemed even more baffled.

Just moments ago, they had entered into the inheritance, but they were suddenly pulled back. It didn’t make any sense.

While Vritra was in his disappearing state, for him all of them seemed very slow — which was most probably because of the Forbidden that was affecting the Flow of the stream itself.

The time difference seemed to be a bit more than 4.5 times slower, but it was the case only while Vritra was in his disappearing state.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...