Chapter 732 The Godly Talk

Vritra and the others paused as they entered the tower, from the side a large set of stairs were going upwards.

The entrance to the stairs however was behind a door, which seemed to be locked.

The entire floor was only a very big hall, that was filled with thousands of zombies and a giant at the centre.

But they all looked pretty weak.

"I guess this is just the entrance so they are all pretty weak." Vritra shrugged. The zombies were growling as their attention shifted towards the new group.

Some people had been in the tower before, some had managed to clear this floor while the initial ones had all died.

He didn't waste time on them and directly used spiritual burst to make the heads of them all explode at once.

BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM

Their bodies instantly turned into a mess and began to pool on the floor, the giant had died right away too.

Then blood and flesh began to converge, and soon it had turned into a blood key.

"So, that is what we need to open the door." Yasmine said out what everyone was thinking.

It was pretty easy to understand and this floor was probably for introductions.

"Let's head up then, we will be slaughtering a lot of these disgusting creatures." Fiona called out, but then she wondered where all these came from.

Were they living people before or just created for the challenge?

Whatever might be the case, it didn't matter for now, they would have to continue going up.

Vritra used blood manipulation to move the key and pushed it into the keyhole, twisted it as the door buzzed and opened.

Climbing over the stairs, the group continued to the 2nd floor.

"I wonder how many floors there are…" Maeve muttered as she tried to use her shadows to inspect but the door ahead blocked it.

She could only sigh.

Climbing onto the 2nd floor which appeared even bigger than the last one, Vritra and the others gazed around.

It was full of giants over thirteen feet in height, their bodies bulging and grotesque faces, they were mutants too after all.

'SOB why am I here?'

Asmodeus who was behind the group felt like crying, rather than fighting, his skills were more inclined to support and creation.

Thankfully, Shitless or anyone else was not forcing him to fight.

"Giants…" Vritra scanned the area and wondered if there were any other creatures in their midst.

And there really was.

It was a wolf, whose body was quite gigantic compared to normal ones, reaching a height of 10 feet.

It was clearly stronger than the giants but was hidden in the crowd.

"So next round is going to be full of such wolves?" Vanessa spoke, all their theories would be answered soon.

GRRRRRRR…

As the giants noticed the group they turned, their movements much faster than the zombies below.

"Wifey, you are feeling fine, right?" ignoring the giants for a moment, Vritra glanced back at Yasmine and asked.

"Yes, I am." She smiled sweetly, feeling a warmth spread across her body.

She already knew how much caring he is, but such tenderness made her feel even more special and happy.

Although Vritra never played favourites among them but she certainly was receiving more of his care now.

Yasmine then glanced at her sister, smiling knowingly.

After they had woken up, Teresa was even walking a bit strangely and everyone had noticed it.

It made Yasmine wonder, just how hard her shy sister went at it, her hubby really didn't go easy.

"Pitiful one, let me kill them!!" Shitless was quite excited to try out his skills.

"Not now, later." Vritra however refused and just released a single spiritual burst, which was enough to kill them all.

Again, a key formed from the blood and flesh of the giants and the wolf, which opened the door to the stairs.

They climbed up and found thousands of wolves, all growling menacingly, their strength a lot higher than the giants.

Right after stepping inside, hundreds of them pounced towards the group.

Yet again, a single spiritual burst was enough to clear up the whole floor, they were dead in an instant.

***

In a realm that existed somewhere close, ten figures sat around a large round table.

Their bodies were blurry and sizes differed.

From a tiny speck to someone as large as planets.

The ten had such strong presences, the table appeared not too big at first glance but it showed everything that was happening in the game currently.

And right now the attention of the gods was fixed on the new fools who had dared to enter the tower.

They weren't the first, and wouldn't be the last.

This whole thing was designed solely for the players, how could these normal humans even think of such a thing.

And in one of the later stages, only ten people would be able to progress so one of the eleven would be randomly sacrificed.

But that was all the more fun for the gods.

"But something is strange about these humans." One of the gods whose body was the smallest spoke.

"There is a player among them, but those ten… I too feel it." Another god whose body was thin like a rope spoke.

"It matters not, whatever might be wrong will be erased in this very tower.

Not that we can make any changes now, the tower is open to normal people to create such a spectacle of them dying." The god with the largest body spoke.

Then added: "It is a false hope for them, no matter what even if they clear all the floors they would never be able to clear it."

"That is true, how is the response from the higher beings?" another joined the conversation, his form looked like a book.

These all gods were quite strange and their voices were also very strange, it clearly wasn't their real voice.

Many restrictions are placed even over the gods by the higher beings and others, mainly to stop them from showing partiality in the game or cheating.

But there are always loopholes and these gods know perfectly well how to exploit them.

They kill any of the players who have a high chance of becoming a god, of course they have to remove the competition.

That is why none of the gods had been replaced in a very long time, they somehow remove all the promising players and only let weak ones pass.

"It does seem so, but I heard a hot news not long ago." The book lord spoke, he somehow gets all the news from around the world.

"OH tell us tell us, don't keep us in suspense. I will share my lollipop with you if you tell us." A god whose body resembled a kid sucking onto a lollipop spoke.

But since their bodies were completely blurry, none of them could actually be seen.

"I wasn't planning to keep it a secret anyways." The book god said, a sound came as if pages were flipping.

Then he continued: "I heard recently the Divine made his move.

A family of the higher beings had suddenly disappeared, they are trying to suppress the news for now."

The gods gossiped while keeping an eye on the table.

"Oh!! Really? The Divine still has that sort of strength haa thankfully I didn't go hunt him last time." The baby god wiped the sweat off his face.

"Is he really alive? He wasn't hurt, right?" a female god whose body shape kept changing between various musical instruments spoke.

The changes became even more rapid after she heard Divine's name, it was evident she had a deep connection with him.

"Yes, he is alive and well, at least it seemed so from the news. No one knows what his motive was, he just took away an entire family." The book god added.

"Hmm he has always been mysterious but he hadn't made such big moves. When did he even escape that destructive realm?

Not even the titans had managed to escape, haa I knew this guy was trouble." The rope god sighed.

"That bastard, I am going to kill him for what he did to me!!" another god spoke in an enraged voice.

His body structure was similar to a human's but much bigger and bulky.

But the strangest part of him was the two holes in his head, exactly at the places where his eyes were supposed to be.

One could see through his head, as the holes were open all the way to the back of his head.

"Calm down calm down, that was just how Divine showed his love. See he took away my heart."

The baby god said, tearing his chest and showing the emptiness.

Once there existed a demonic heart that was now missing.

And when Divine had fought against all ten of them, he was yet to even become a god.

But thankfully, these gods had made backups of backups, and though it was cheating they had subdued him in the end.

Yet failed to kill him all because of his sisters, they had sacrificed themselves to protect Divine.

"Haa Looks like we should start preparing again, we will definitely be dragged into the chaos if he is making such big moves."

None of them had any idea that Divine had created a titan, if they did, not only gods, not even the higher beings would be calm.

"What about that guy? The next Divine, did he survive?" an old voice sounded, it was a god who was also like humans but very thin and frail.

Of course, how could they forget about such a big threat, for whom even the god's punishment had been used.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...