Chapter 529 Mother's Erotic Warmth [R-18]

On the other side, Vritra was feeling bored and confused, and even Yasmine was of no help right now.

Since there was still time before they would have to leave for the Ford realm, he decided to get close to the other person who had been with him from the beginning and had supported him, aside from Yasmine.

Walking out of the room, Vritra paused and told the guards: "Inform the monarch that I will be back in a couple of hours… or before the marriage starts. If I am late then just head to the Ford realm first."

"B- But young master, about that…" the guard tried to speak but in the blink of an eye Vritra was gone.

He sighed and left. The guard too felt that the young master might actually be running from the marriage.

But he couldn't blame Art really, yet he didn't want to be the bearer of that news.

…

Vritra once again flew towards the City of Charms, however this time he didn't call his other women.

For now he just wanted to spend more time with Vanessa.

He did plan to get together with all his wives once he found Yennefer.

But it was quite nice to see his women accomplish so much; they had grown stronger and built such big armies.

If it was him, Vritra would have just focussed on personal strength. He would find it a waste of time to play politics and build territories.

But that too was necessary, thankfully he had such capable wives who would take care of all that.

Not to mention, Maeve's organization, the World Information Centre, was also growing rapidly.

It could already match many big powerful organizations, having a vast amount of information and knowledge and even the strength was growing rapidly.

Many said that soon, the WIC could even surpass the Star family in terms of information.

So Vritra really didn't have to worry about any of it, all of them were handling it quite nicely.

He just needed to support them, though right now, he really needed Vanessa.

Arriving in the City of Charms, he entered easily.

Normally people wouldn't even notice him because of his Lost skill, but by now everyone knew him so who would stop him.

Vanessa was busy in a meeting with several women of the succubus race and other races too.

On the surface it was just business and exchanges, but these were groups that wanted to oppose the Golden Moon and protect themselves against the Twilight.

KNOCK KNOCK

Vanessa was listening to a report when the knock interrupted them.

"What is it?" she asked, not really annoyed but knew it must be something urgent.

"Empress, Emperor is here." The female guard announced.

"Oh…" Vanessa was a bit surprised but still very happy. She planned to quickly wrap various things and go spend more time with Vritra anyway soon.

"Let's conclude our meeting here, we will continue it on a later day." She dismissed them and then left the room as well.

Vanessa heard the distant gossip of the women.

"Did she say emperor? So the succubus empress is married? But why haven't we heard anything about it?"

"More than that, I am curious who is her husband."

And soon the group disappeared in the distance.

'I wonder what brought him here again.' She really missed the old days when they would spend most of their time together.

Though there were still times when Vritra would have to go out on strange adventures every now and then, but in the end they got back together.

All the women were already training one or two special persons under them who could handle the command in their absence.

Like Vanessa was preparing Layla and one more woman, just to finally have free time.

Soon she arrived near her bedroom, Vritra was already inside, brought there by the guards who couldn't tear their gazes away from him.

"Honey!!" Opening the door, Vanessa found Vritra seated over the bed.

In the next moment, she just threw herself into his arms. Finally she could be herself, it was difficult to be so emotionless and strict while filling her role as the empress.

"Haa Mom, you look tired." Vritra tightly wrapped his arms around her soft body, inhaling her sweet scent.

It already was quite relaxing.

"Yea, I am working harder so I can leave this place for some time soon." She said, snuggling closely.

"Hmm." He hummed.

"So, did you come here to—" before she could finish, Vritra spoke:

"I just want to spend some time with you."

This instantly put a big beautiful smile on her face.

"Okay, just let me change into something comfortable—" she muttered as she pulled back but was again interrupted.

"Mom, is there really a need to wear anything? Just remove them and come to me." He spoke, pulling his arms away.

"Mmm okay…" she nodded. Of course she would be happy to do it.

How long had it been since she had some private time with him, just the two of them alone.

"But it wouldn't be fair if I am the only one naked, you will be fair to your mother, right?" Vanessa spoke, making a pitiful expression.

Vritra chuckled, he was already feeling better, coming to her might have been the best decision.

Vanessa soon removed all her expensive clothes and accessories, and Vritra too threw his clothes away.

Gazing at her naked body, Vritra felt excited. Being a succubus, her body was definitely one of the best, it was as if she was made to pleasure him.

The two got under the sheets, as their warm skin brushed against one another, Vanessa hummed out a faint moan.

Vritra buried his face into her breasts, the soft and warm sensation spreading across his skin, it was so wonderful.

Better than any sort of therapy.

The two tightly held onto one another, their bodies glued tightly.

"Honey, do you want mommy's milk?" Vanessa whispered in a seductive voice, pulling his head closer with more force.

She could feel his lips pressed against the inner side of her breasts, his hard member pressing against her thighs.

Vritra pulled his head slightly and looked up into her mischievous eyes. Just the mention was enough to make him feel thirsty.

How could he not want his favourite drink.

Laughing lightly, he followed along her naughty play: "I do, mommy."

It was such a simple word, but Vanessa felt a surge of excitement hearing that.

She didn't know why it got her so excited, maybe because it made the whole act feel even more taboo.

But whatever might be the case, her entire body seemed to be burning, waiting to be touched and ravished by him.

She could feel warmth filling up her cave, as droplets of her hot nectar dropped down, rubbing against his leg.

"Good boy, then here is your reward." Vanessa cupped one of her breasts, pressing the nipple against his lips, which parted almost instantly.

Vritra took her nipple into his mouth, clearly feeling the shudder that ran through her body.

SLURP

He started sucking while his tongue pressed and rubbed against the soft pink nipple.

"Mhmmm~ haa good, haa do it harder…" Vanessa muttered, pushing her chest forward, feeling his mouth devouring her nipple hungrily.

❖❖❖