Chapter 112: Milky Bath [R-18]

"Uh... do you want me to help you bathe?" Vanessa asked hesitatingly.

{Sin Point Gained: Seduced +1}

"That would be perfect." Vritra said the moment she asked, there was no need to hold back when both of them craved each other so badly and were just looking for excuses to be close.

"Alright, go inside first I will join you in a minute." A big smile blossomed on her face as Vanessa spoke, she gave a soft kiss on his cheek before she began humming a song and walked to the other side of the room.

A heat rose in his body as Vritra walked into the bathroom which was quite spacious and luxurious. After entering the bathroom, Vritra took off all his clothes and turned on the shower as sound of cold water falling on the floor filled the bathroom.

He stepped into the shower and let the cold water fall over him, his smooth hair dripped with water as water slowly fell over his chiselled body, he ran a hand through his smooth hair splashing water around.

Just then Vanessa walked into the bathroom with a white towel wrapped around her body, completely displaying her long thick thighs that looked as white as milk and her delicate shoulders.

’I have to do my best to remove all his fatigue.’ Vanessa thought as she allowed the towel to fall, and then with one of her hands covering her nether region and the other pressing against her massive breasts sinking into her soft skin, she turned around and finally looked at Vritra.

Her eyes widened, he looked too dashing, and the water dripping over his skin made him seem even more charming and hot, in her entire life she hadn’t seen someone so handsome, so perfect.

’So beautiful, I’m really glad that he is my son.’ She thought, suddenly feeling proud of sharing a relationship with him.

Previously she couldn’t see his body clearly in the darkness, but now all his perfectly carved muscles were clearly visible. Her breathing fastened as she watched water sliding down his body, Vritra’s skin looked very soft and flawless.

Then her eyes drifted off to his penis that was hanging peacefully, as if asleep, she could still clearly remember how that monster had entered her body; it completely changed the shape of her cave, and that gust of burning hot semen.

Vanessa’s face turned red, she moved her eyes away but soon found it drifting towards his stick again, this was the first time she was seeing it so clearly and closely after it became this huge.

Seeing that she was just staring intently and not moving, Vritra spoke again:

"Mom, aren’t you going to join me."

Vanessa finally came out of her stupor, she noticed that she had been staring too much, so with a slight nod, she calmly walked towards him. The beautiful and hot milf was still not used to all this.

As she got close to him, the cold water began falling over her skin too, her body relaxed slightly as her body cooled down a bit.

While she was observing him, Vritra was also entranced by her seductive body. He had seen her naked before but even now, it was impossible to draw his gaze away from her.

Her skin, breasts, thighs, ass, arms, face, everything about her was so perfect and intoxicating, just looking at her body felt like a sin. That crest on her lower belly looked especially erotic, a true Seductress and the Succubus Queen.

Just as she stepped into the shower, Vritra took one of her hands and pulled her gently, she was caught off guard and lost her balance as she unconsciously wrapped her arms around him for support, her soft breasts smashed against his chest while her sacred cave touched his leg.

{Sin Point Gained: Teased +1}

"Aaah~ Huh?" She gasped in surprise, as her wet body got tightly pressed against his, she felt his penis press against her belly, turning her face bright red; but because of the water, it wasn’t too obvious.

Vritra gazed into her eyes as the two stood in each other’s embrace, then moving his face close to hers he gave a peck on those wet pink lips.

He pinched her erect nipple as she finally let go of his mouth and closing her eyes moaned as a bolt of electricity ran across her body.

"Mmmmm~ haa haa Ahhh~"

Then he kissed her crimson cheek, and licked her wet neck; hungrily sucking her soft skin, leaving kiss marks over her neck.

After sucking her neck and leaving various love bites, Vritra moves towards her chest and ran his tongue over her smooth skin, making her moan in pleasure.

After sucking the skin over her breast and leaving red marks all over, he took one of her nipple into his mouth and began sucking hard.

Vanessa instantly wrapped her arms around his head and pulled it towards her, as she felt his tongue twirling around her nipple and his teeth nibbling it.

Within moments, Vritra tasted her sweet milk dripping onto his tongue. He began to suck even harder, biting and poking her pink nipples. Soon the hot milk flooded into his mouth, which he gulped with relish.

GULP~ GULP~

He rolled the sweet milk around his tongue before pushing it down his throat, and squeezed the pink nipple even harder into his mouth. He drank the milk hungrily, it tasted better than anything, and he wanted to have this drink for the rest of his life directly from the source.

"Hnnnnnnnn~ Oh honey, I love it, annnngggg~ o- other haa haa other one too~ mmmmm~"

Vanessa moaned, because of all the pleasure she had completely forgotten everything else, the only thing that mattered to her now was her son and his magical touch.

Vritra sucked her nipple until it was slightly swollen and quantity of milk had started to decrease, then he latched onto the other nipple and began twisting it inside his mouth soon drawing out mouthfuls of her milk and drinking it all.

’Mmm Having a succubus mommy is the best, she is sweet...’ Vritra thought, while not stopping his munching over her nipples.

"Haaaaaaaaah~ aaaaaaah~ Oh honey~ mmmmph~" Vanessa moaned in ecstasy.

Vritra ate her nipples hungrily, eating her nipple was like he was eating a delicious and ripe fruit, the more he sucked it the tastier it became as more juices leaked out.

After sucking both of her nipples for some more time, he finally pulled back and looked at her face, her eyes were closed, both of her hands were resting on his shoulder, and Vanessa seemed as if her entire body had gone soft.

Vritra stood on his knees in front of his mother.

She finally opened her eyes and looked at him in surprise and just as she was about to speak something, Vritra placed one of her legs over his shoulder, as her thigh rested over it and brought his face closer to her drenching cave.

Her sweet nectar and the cold water made her cave really wet, Vanessa immediately felt ashamed and guilty pleasure seeped in as she finally regained her senses, putting her hands over his eyes she tried to stop him from looking.

Previously, at least the room was dark.

____________

Thanks for reading...