Chapter 348: The Palette!

"Damn, as always, it was better than I had expected." Vritra was truly satisfied with the skill; the corrosive nature would help even against stronger foes.

Along with Blood Lock, the Nether Eye would allow Vritra to kill opponents several times stronger than himself as long as he could stall for enough time.

Vritra wanted to try it a few more times, but he didn’t want to waste all those souls that his soul wraiths could devour, so calming his excitement, Vritra focused on his final skill.

The Elegy Parasite, a skill that he had used only one time before but was quite powerful; it was only because of this skill that Vritra had managed to survive.

"Alright, here goes another 20 million Sin Points."

Vritra mumbled and eagerly spent the points; spending those points didn’t make him hesitate for a single moment.

[Upgrading Elegy Parasite.]

[0%]

[1%]

...

[100%]

[Upgrade complete.]

[You have obtained the Elegy Parasite.]

Like usual, the name didn’t change, but with the same enthusiasm, Vritra began to read its description.

『

[Elegy Parasite]

[Skill Description]:A not so dormant parasite that had always hated dying more than anything.

Now, the parasite no longer waits for the user’s health to drop below 1% and could be activated at any time, becoming a hybrid skill.

It can consume enemy’s life force to stay alive, increase strength and heal by using the enemy’s blood, and increase survival instinct steadily throughout the battle.

The parasite can latch onto enemies, controlling their movements and actions temporarily. It won’t go back to slumber until either the threat has disappeared, or the complete life force is devoured or the skill is deactivated.

』

Vritra: "!!!"

He was truly surprised; the skill had just transformed from passive to hybrid, his favourite type of skill.

Vritra wanted to try it so bad that he couldn’t hold back, but instead of trying it on himself, he decided to try letting it connect to a couple of demons’ bodies.

He quickly scanned the place and found several demons who were running away from Vanessa.

[Elegy Parasite Activated.]

Without wasting a second, he pointed his index finger at them as if ready to shoot with a gun and then launched several larva-like blackish parasites.

They flew at a speed that those demons didn’t even notice; they stuck to the back of their necks and quickly spread throughout their bodies, in the form of tiny web-like lines almost like tattoos.

In less than two seconds, the group of demons lost control of their bodies.

"Pause." Vritra muttered, and the creatures paused, then Vritra instructed them to turn and stand there like live targets.

As Vanessa killed the three, the parasites just disappeared; as expected, it was yet another great skill.

And he could even send his body to autopilot now, making it work at several times the efficiency while using the opponents’ life force; all in all, it was again a fabulous upgrade.

"For now, I am done with upgrading all the skills; originally I planned to upgrade the bloodlines and physiques but after merging, the price shot so high up." Vritra looked at the status panel and sighed.

But there was no problem, after all, the White Kingdom was an endless factory for the production of Sin Points; he can just gather more easily by his new identity.

Now there was just one thing left, upgrading the Divine Sin Arrow, and Vritra was quite excited about it.

"Wifey, are you ready? I wonder how it is going to bring this time around; the last time I got the arrow, I got the option to upgrade all my skills and even weapon." Vritra muttered, rubbing his palms together.

"Don’t make me wait, I want to know too; hurry up and upgrade it." Yasmine urged, eager to see a new Chapter in the growth of her husband.

Nodding, Vritra spent 30 million Sin Points at the upgrade of the Divine Sin Arrow while hoping that it doesn’t take too long like when it merged with the Sin Wheel.

"And here goes 30 million." Vritra muttered, as the pair of husband and wife anticipatingly watched one message flash after another.

[Upgrading the Divine Sin Arrow!!]

[Scanning the host’s body.]

[Calculating...]

[Designing the Palette!!]

[0%]

[1%]

[2%]

...

Vritra waited; thankfully, the process wasn’t going to take more than around a dozen or so minutes. While the numbers were slowly climbing up, he looked around and observed the area.

His soul wraiths were spread across the entire place, where a demon or human from Bone Blood Cult or Slave Beast Gang was killed, they would pop out of nowhere and devour the soul.

The soul wraiths would even steal the kills from people other than the three women.

A big fight had broken out across the entire kingdom once again, and this time, the demons and those humans were in deep trouble.

Chopper, the king of the White Kingdom, was also back; he was one of the strongest powerhouses being at the 5th Legion rank, and under his command, they began to swipe away all the enemies.

Fiona, Vanessa, and Diana’s level was rising quickly; they would kill anything in their way, and what they couldn’t kill was weakened greatly by the soul wraiths and then they killed it.

"Muahahaha Bullo, charge charge!!" Monk Shitless was laughing maniacally while letting Bullo tear apart demons upon impact; that certainly wasn’t an ordinary bull.

There were stories that he had stolen the bull from someone very powerful when the bull was small, but as always, the evil monk survived.

On the bull’s back, Onest was attacking any of the approaching powerful demons, though he was scared a few times when his kills got stolen out of thin air.

Yennefer was enjoying herself as she flew all across the sky at a terrifying speed, striking the demons and leaving them almost dead.

Killing all these demons wouldn’t contribute much to her level, so she decided to let others take benefit of it, especially Vritra’s family.

[98%]

[99%]

[100%]

[Upgrade complete!!]

While observing the battle around, the process was finally completed. Both Vritra and Yasmine stared at the new messages in excitement.

"Heh, I knew it, sugar daddy Divine..." the dragoness giggled.

[You have obtained the Divine Field Palette!!]

Vritra: "..."

He wanted to deny her but couldn’t; he did wonder since if the Divine really planned everything for him, then he must have thought something about Field as well.

And here the answer was...

"Let’s check it out first, it might be something different." Vritra said, but the two were now even more excited.

The words Divine and Sin would make anything infinitely special, so maybe he would finally be able to comprehend his fields.

Vritra opened the new addition with anticipation.

[Opening the Divine Field Palette.]

Instantly, an interface appeared in front of Vritra, and it really did look like a palette of a painter with several slots where paints are placed.

There were seven slots, and each seemed to contain a different colour, though in extremely small quantity, and a couple of them even looked empty.

"Interesting..." Yasmine muttered, sensing several types of energies from the palette, and just below the big palette, there were several lines written in the panel.

After observing the strange but wonderful interface, they began to read.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...