Chapter 677 The Administrator

"Found you!!" All of a sudden, a chilling voice sounded from the sky.

Vritra's body stiffened, gaze shooting upwards as he saw a man dressed in a black outfit.

It was the protector!

"Vritra Arclis, the one who destroyed a big part of the world bank, it is you!" he continued in a rough voice.

"Oh, I am Adam, you got the wrong person." Vritra spoke, while getting ready to use the Blood Demon Transformation.

That was his current strongest form, but having his power sealed while the opponent could use some of it was cheating.

But during a fight, none of it matters.

Most of the time, his opponents had been out of his league anyway.

"Run!" He shouted and shot in a different direction as the protector suddenly moved.

None of them could react fast enough, thankfully, Vritra seemed to be the sole target.

The group was left behind, all shocked and worried as Vritra and the protector disappeared into the distance.

"L- Let's move to a nearby building first, staying in the open will make us easy targets." Yasmine spoke, her fists clenched.

All of them moved, despite their worries, they couldn't do much about it right now.

Flying some distance away, Vritra paused and turned back, it was impossible to run anyway.

"Just come with me, I am tasked to bring you back so I would prefer not hurting you." The protector said, taking out a round ball like object.

He suddenly threw it towards Vritra which transformed into a big round prison.

But Vritra's body transformed into a flood of blood, flowing in all directions.

[Blood Demon Transformation!]

The prison captured a big amount of that blood but couldn't capture it all, as Vritra's figure materialised.

"I am not going to go back with you, the trial or whatever can wait until I am done with this place." Vritra said, flames bursting out of his fists.

"Is that your choice?" the protector sighed as he put away the prison, metallic chains moving out from under his robe.

"Yeah…" Vritra took out the spear, his senses on high alert.

CLANG

A chain moved abruptly in his direction, almost piercing through his chest but was parried away by the spear.

Vritra's body transformed into a blood pool as he flew forward, while blood exploded around him, stopping the chains.

[Blood Eagles!]

CHIEEEEEEEEE

CHIEEEEEEEEEEE

Several large blood eagles rushed into the protector's direction, while Vritra stabbed the spear forward.

The protector looked on calmly, raising his hand as more and thicker metallic chains rushed out.

Yet at that moment, his expression changed, he looked up suddenly.

BOOOOM

An explosion that sent Vritra flying back suddenly exploded on the protector's body, burying him deep into the ground.

Vritra transitioned between blood state and somehow managed to balance himself.

He looked up quickly and saw a man floating high in the sky, he looked like a normal middle-aged human.

Though Vritra could tell that wasn't his real form, another person had been added to the equation.

"Uh oh, that's one of the administrators, they work right under the gods and maintain order in the game.

You can be exposed, if he sees you." Divine spoke, but he didn't seem in a hurry to help Vritra.

The protector stood up and dusted off his robe, that attack didn't deal much damage, except breaking a few chains.

"Protector, I advise you to leave the game area immediately.

Whatever issues the world bank had, you shall not interfere with the games, the higher beings won't like it."

The administrator spoke, his tone emotionless.

"I just need this one person, and all of us will leave. If we can't capture and bring him back, we would have to face the higher beings, so we don't really have any choice."

The protector said, not backing down.

The administrator's gaze moved towards Vritra who was standing not too far away and a surprised expression appeared on his face.

"Oh hmm? You are?"

"Hello, I am Adam, nice to meet you. Please resolve your issues, I will be taking my leave now." Vritra said, turning and trying to fly away.

"Wait." both the men said at the same time, it seemed escape was impossible.

"Yes?" sighing he turned back and questioned.

"Why do you… have the same code as one of the players? How did you get here? Who are you?" the administrator's brows furrowed as he opened info about Vritra.

"…"

"Alright, I need both of you to follow me. We need to detain you and conduct a thorough investigation, but the game shall not be interrupted!" he said firmly.

The protector nodded, floating close to the administrator.

Vritra sighed and nodded as well, his body shooting up.

"Good, don't worry, you will be sent back into the game after we are done with-" the administrator was speaking when suddenly a chain pierced through his back.

His eyes widened, not expecting someone to attack him on their very ground.

Right then, Vritra stabbed the spear, the blade burying into the administrator's heart, and coming out of his back.

After shock, rage filled his eyes, as the administrator coughed out blood, and then blasted them both away.

He tried to contact the other administrators but found that the surroundings had been locked by the protector.

"Looks like I overestimated your intelligence, for this crime, I am allowed to directly execute you both." The administrator spoke calmly.

Vritra and the protector glanced at one another and for now they had the same goal, without a word, both rushed forward.

BOOOOOM

The sky was covered by terrifying flames, as waves of blood flew and collided into the invisible wall.

The administrator defended against the joint attacks, he wondered if he should call the gods or use the gods' punishment.

But seeing the protector and the weak human, he didn't feel the need and began to attack back more aggressively.

The spear and the chains worked in coordination, despite Vritra being the weakest, he was putting great strain on the administrator.

Whenever he was attacked he would dodge or the protector would parry, and that spear actually managed to cut the administrator's body.

'The protector's strength is similar to the administrator, sigh I can't defeat them on my own.'

In a proper fight against them, he would have been killed instantly.

CLANG

A chain blocked another attack that nearly ripped Vritra apart, as he rushed forward and sliced off one of the administrator's arms.

Vritra grabbed the arm, and threw it back towards the administrator.

[Blood Explosion!]

BOOOOM!

The chains struck the administrator at the same time, while he tried to dodge the barrage of attacks.

'This is getting troublesome, I am still unable to contact the others. Looks like I will have to inform the gods directly, this is a serious matter.'

The administrator decided, neither Vritra nor the protector could stop that.

Dodging another attack, he took out an orb and crushed it, as the energy rushed into the sky and disappeared.

A grim expression appeared over the protector's face, if the gods got involved, he wouldn't be able to do anything.

Vritra would most probably be killed and the criminal they needed to arrest would be gone.

Yet there was just no way to stop that message.

"Stop, it is pointless to fight any longer, the gods must have already gotten the message.

You will both receive your punishments." The administrator said calmly.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...