Chapter 626 Wall

As Vritra and Maeve were returning, they both heard the voice of Lad, and soon arrived at the 12th floor.

'Are they with the four I got killed earlier?' Vritra's expression instantly turned chilly.

Gesturing towards Maeve, the two quietly walked towards the group.

Their bodies merged with the darkness, even as they stood behind the group no one noticed them.

A knife appeared in Vritra's hand, as he took a step towards the member at the back of the group.

[Blood Manipulation Activated!]

One of his hands clutched his mouth as the sharp knife stabbed into his throat, the action was very swift.

The blood didn't spray out thanks to his skill.

Without creating even a little noise, Vritra killed him, as he slowly pulled the knife out and laid his body down.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +50}

Moving quickly, he repeated the same action with another man, pulling him back as the knife quickly pierced into his throat.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +52}

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +49}

…

Quickly seven messages popped before him as Vritra stealthily killed them, messages after messages appearing before him.

In a direct fight, things would have been very difficult, but now they didn't even get to activate their abilities, making it far too easy.

Plus the noises created by the zombies muffled the faint sounds.

"Break this door and kill anyone inside, not the women of course." Lad ordered, and after a moment he turned back, only to see a shadowy figure.

"Wha-" filled with fear, he was about to run but the knife quickly descended onto his head.

CRACK

The knife pierced through the skull and plunged into his brain, killing him instantly.

Vritra's figure finally came into view, his hands covered with blood.

Pulling the blade out, he cleaned them against the clothes of one of them and then put it into his inventory.

"Onest, it is me, open the door." Vritra spoke as Onest peeked out and heaved a sigh of relief.

He opened the door, and saw the eight corpses.

"Throw them down along with the four corpses in that room." Vritra said as he walked into the apartment.

{Sin Points: 412}

All his stats had increased by 0.4 or 0.5, though spiritual only increased by 0.1.

"Darling!" Fiona jumped into his arms as soon as Vritra entered.

"Dear, you didn't get hurt did you?" Diana asked as she helped Vritra clean his hands.

"I am fine, you all awakened?" he asked, looking at his wives.

Onest and Shitless returned quickly after dumping the bodies out.

"Yes we did." Yennefer spoke, wiping a drop of blood from his cheek.

"Tell me, what are your abilities?" he asked curiously.

Fiona was the first to speak: "Our abilities are mostly similar to back on the Zoratian planet, I received the ability to control a special flame."

"I can control all elements." Yennefer spoke, she didn't have to work on mastering her skills.

"I got the ability to create explosions and some sort of spiritual attack ability." Yasmine spoke, it was actually similar to her ability from her previous life.

"I can create illusions and manipulate anyone's mind." Vanessa spoke, it was similar to her hypnosis ability.

"I got the ability to heal, debuff and use poisons." Diana said, from her expression it seemed the goddess was eager to test out her abilities.

"My ability is some wall? Maybe it is some defensive skill." Teresa spoke, the description wasn't even clear.

After listening to all his wives, Vritra repeated their new skills. They were mostly the same as before, but now Diana could also use poisons.

While Yasmine got her previous ability. And Teresa's ability was the strangest.

He decided to check it out later on, then glanced at the two remaining people in the room.

"Well my ability is high speed and hmm kind of auto dodge ability." Onest spoke.

"My skill is able to turn my entire body into metal, that's all nothing else, absolutely nothing." Monk Shitless spoke, but he was definitely hiding something.

"Come on, just tell me. We have to know each other's abilities for battle, and there are no strangers here." Vritra said.

"Sigh…" Shitless sighed, after looking around he nodded.

After a moment he showed both his transformations, first he transformed into a metal man.

Then he reverted and transformed into a familiar figure, Shit Sonia.

"Pfftt hahaha You liked it so much that even here you can't let go of Sonia?" Vritra and the others couldn't help but laugh.

Shitless missed his Bullo, at least he wouldn't laugh. And this damned identity just wouldn't leave him.

"COUGH Anyway, my ability is blood manipulation and evolution or something, anyway we will first be clearing this building before heading out."

Vritra spoke, this Sonia will be useful in the future.

"First, let's form a party." Vritra explained and a message appeared in front of them all.

As soon as they pressed yes, all of them became Vritra's party members.

"There are quite a few zombies above, let's clear them up first then we will deal with the humans below." Vritra said, and after some basic preparations, all of them walked out.

With his current stats and the abilities of everyone else, he was sure they could kill those zombies.

Leaving the apartment, they quickly climbed up and saw exactly thirteen zombies.

"Mom, try to hypnotize the zombies and make them walk here, and Diana, debuff them." Vritra spoke, they were hidden in the darkness.

Maeve's ability was really very helpful here, without it, moving around would be far too dangerous.

The goddess could only poison someone by touching them, but debuffs could be done from a distance.

Vanessa nodded, as she focused, but with her current strength she could barely manipulate one zombie.

Thankfully their spiritual attribute was low.

One of the zombies turned and started walking towards them.

Diana also used her ability as a faint red halo appeared around the zombie, making it weaker.

Vritra and Maeve silently walked a bit closer, while the others remained hidden near the stairs.

[Blood Manipulation Activated]

As soon as it was in range, Vritra struck its brain with the knife, then using its own rotten blood to wrap around its mouth to stop it from letting out any scream.

Yasmine had also launched a spiritual attack at the zombie right at that time, stunning it.

{Sin Point Gained: Killed a Mutant +51}

Without any further instructions, Diana and Vanessa continued, pulling one zombie at a time and weakening it.

This actually made hunting them pretty easy.

…

After a few minutes, out of the thirteen only one zombie remained alive.

Vritra pulled the knife out of another zombie's head as he looked at the single zombie.

"Tess, try your wall skill on that zombie." He said, that zombie was rather weak, he had left it alive just for this.

Tess pointed her hand towards it and activated her skill.

Instantly the zombie was surrounded by an almost invisible cubic room, its body froze.

But after a few moments it was able to move, the zombie screamed but no sound could be heard outside.

It struck the wall and needed two punches to break it.

'Oh, this is good.' Vritra thought as his gaze then focused on the zombie.

[Blood Manipulation Activated!]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...