Chapter 198: Inheritance Obtained!!

Darkness swallowed everything and only the feeling of their connection remained. Their eyes were shut tight, and a burning sensation began to fill their eyes that quickly spread into their heads.

There was intense pain, but they couldn’t even let out a sound as some sort of major change seemed to be happening. The dark surrounding seemed to be filled with strange thin veins, countless in number and squeezing too closely.

Then they watched something flowing, like a stream of water rushing forward constantly and without any sort of hindrance. It spread into countless smaller streams that continued separately, never merging with the others.

Vritra and Yennefer saw several scenes that didn’t make any sense, but they barely put any mind to the changes. All they could think about was the intense pain in their heads.

[32%]

[33%]

...

The process continued as the two remained in the unknown space.

Time was passing in the outside world, yet for the two of them everything seemed to have paused.

Vritra and the empress could clearly feel each other’s presence and how their bodies were connected, as aside from the pain that was the only sensation the two could feel.

Time continued to pass as the brightness in the room slowly began to dim. The walls lost their luster and looked countless years old with lots of cracks. It was as if ages had passed while the two remained in the exact same position, though for the two of them, only a short time had passed.

...

[100%]

[You have obtained the Scarlet Couple Inheritance.]

...

Messages suddenly flashed in front of them both, and it finally seemed to pull them out of the unknown space. Vritra blinked his eyes and for a few seconds was confused about his surroundings and the current situation.

Yennefer was in a similar situation. She still lay on top of him. As she opened her eyes, she saw his neck and the side of his face.

The empress was confused for a moment while feeling the sensation of fullness in her belly. As she twisted her body slightly to get a comfortable position, a current shot through her body.

The tip of the penis rubbed against the entrance of her womb. This type of stimulation was too strong. Her body jerked back as she sat up and remembered what kind of situation she was in. His cock was still stuffed deep in her body, and the two had remained like that for who knows how long.

Vritra suddenly felt her pussy tighten around his penis, and the strong pleasure brought him out of his sleepy state.

The moment he opened his eyes, he saw her beautiful face. She truly looked extremely gorgeous; no wonder the emperor was crazy about her.

But that was not important right now. Vritra saw pure killing intent on her face. And seeing those system messages, it was obvious she had already succeeded in her plan. Now it was time to get rid of him.

’Wifey, when is the right moment?’ Vritra asked as he sensed the empress gathering mana into her hand. Just a casual strike from her could easily kill him.

He could dodge her first strike using the fourth dimension, but with her high strength, she could easily isolate him in space, so the surprise factor would disappear.

He needed to fight her on equal grounds, so Vritra decided to use his ultimate weapon on her—something with the highest chance of victory.

"..." The empress showed no expression on her face as she brought her palm toward Vritra’s chest, planning to give him an easy death.

But right at that moment, Vritra twisted his waist as the tip of his cock poked into the side of her pussy, shooting a wave of pleasure through her body.

"Ahhhh~" Yennefer shuddered, and the mana in her palm disappeared instantly. By the time her palm reached his chest, it was nothing more than a light tap. She clutched his clothes while squeezing her butt.

’I never thought a day would come when I would be fighting the human empress with my penis. Haa, the future truly looks promising,’ Vritra thought, then focused all his attention on the woman on top of him.

Just as Yennefer tried to stand up, he grabbed her waist and with all his might brought her down, piercing directly into her womb with his cock.

The force was so much that both Vritra and the empress felt their bodies go numb, as pleasure suddenly coursed through their bodies and at the same time they came.

"Uuumphh~ Hnnnggg~" Yennefer’s head pressed against his chest as she orgasmed for the second time, while something really hot shot inside her and hit the walls of her womb, making her belly feel hot and full.

Her mind really went blank. She didn’t know what exactly was happening as his hot semen continued to shoot out of the cock and filled her belly.

Soon, no more semen came out, but her belly felt so full. She panted heavily with her eyes hazy and the lingering feeling of the orgasm lingering in her body.

"Now!!" Yasmine hastily reminded Vritra.

Vritra reacted quickly but gently as he shifted the empress to the side. His cock popped out of her vagina with a soft pop sound, making her release a mild moan. She lay on the blanket and continued to rest.

[Shift Activated.]

[Strength → Agility]

...

『

Strength: 800

Agility: 17,008

』

Seeing that she was still out, Vritra stood up and activated the shift. As his agility increased exponentially, he rushed toward the door with all his might. Sensing the changes, Yennefer finally woke up and saw Vritra trying to escape.

She quickly stood up and raised her right hand, ready to launch an attack just as Vritra had arrived near the door.

But for the first time in her life, she hesitated before killing someone, as her hand paused for just a moment in the air. Vritra wasted no time as he activated fourth dimension, and just as he was about to disappear into a separate space, he turned around and then spoke loudly to the empress.

"You crazy woman, fuck you!!" Vritra quickly raised both hands and shot his middle fingers at her without missing a beat, as his body disappeared and he passed through the door.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

Yennefer was left there with her right hand raised and thick, hot white stuff flowing down her thigh. She was frozen by Vritra’s words and actions but also by her own hesitation to kill him.

"Why... wasn’t I able to follow through with my action just now?" she mumbled before her attention was pulled toward her lower body and at the hot white stuff.

"T-This is..." Yasmine finally understood why she felt that hot sensation inside her belly at that time—so he came inside her.

"You bastard!! Get back here!!" she shouted and struck the door. Though it bent, it didn’t break immediately.

But then she noticed her strength seemed weaker, a lot weaker than usual. At first, she wondered if it was some temporary effect of the inheritance, but more than 40% of her fighting prowess and even mana seemed to have disappeared.

She quickly realized what it was and felt even angrier at Vritra.

"You sly piece of—"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...