Chapter 540 Hate?

'He is my husband now…' she thought dazedly, the word and their relation feeling so foreign to her.

Vritra pulled his arm back, startling the bride.

"Ah–" Teresa blinked her eyes, the lingering warmth slowly disappearing.

Vritra let go of her and took a step back, the two floating in front of one another.

'I thought it would be fine, but my touch is hurting her too?

Guess my touch just isn't deadly for her since she can't steal my fate, but it might still bring her pain.' Vritra thought, misunderstanding her answer.

He called out to Divine, but no reply came; the other person left the two to deal with their relationship.

"Sorry, I wasn't careful enough… let's take things slow," Vritra said, smiling warmly towards her.

While his bride remained floating with her arms stretched slightly, she was just enjoying the closeness.

She wanted to correct the misunderstanding but didn't know how to tell it to him.

'He won't touch me anymore…?' Teresa wondered, her mood suddenly sinking.

He knew her life had been traumatic and that she was the most vulnerable among all his wives, so he needed to heal her slowly and carefully.

'And I need to change her. As my wife, she should be more… confident and selfish. At least we both have one thing in common, that is, we both love stealing.'

Vritra thought, but he needed to teach his wife the proper way to steal.

They were only supposed to steal the good stuff. He needed to teach her so much.

"Tess, you know our marriage was, well… quite special. An arranged marriage, and we two don't know much about one another. So there are a few rules we need to set up," Vritra spoke, ignoring everything going on on the ground.

"Mhmm." She nodded. Among the various things taught to her by her late mother, she was taught to be very respectful, believe in him, and follow everything he said.

So whatever he might say, she was ready to follow.

"First, tell me, can you control stealing fate, or does it happen automatically as soon as you come into contact with someone?" Vritra questioned. Based on the answer, he would have to find a solution.

And he just wanted to hear more of her voice, it was so hypnotizing.

"A little, though I can't control seeing someone's fate, both past and future," Teresa replied obediently.

"Hmm, I see. Anyway, rule number one that you must follow: I am always right, so without questioning, you have to follow me, even if I were to stand against your family.

If you don't agree, then it would be better to separate early," Vritra said. It was strange, talking about divorce right after marriage.

After a short pause, Teresa nodded.

"I understand, my lord."

"Secondly, you are not allowed to steal anything without asking me, no matter how pitiful the situation is, okay? You must follow this, or we can just separate," Vritra added.

"Okay." Teresa decided to be even more careful not to touch anyone, so she wouldn't be thrown into that predicament.

She had been locked away in her room for most of her life, so she usually spoke very little.

"Alright, third, you have to prioritize yourself over anyone else, whether it be your family or anyone in the world. You agree? Or it would be—"

Before he could complete his sentence, Teresa interrupted.

"I– I will, my lord."

"Also, stop calling me that, it feels so formal," Vritra said, glancing down at the ground.

While the two newlyweds were having a quiet conversation, many people were going crazy on the ground.

Since both Vritra and Teresa had completely disappeared, it almost looked as if they had been killed by the explosion.

Gunter was still relatively fine, since he knew of Vritra's strength and speed.

But Sir Giant, Shen, and many others truly thought Teresa was dead.

Although she was already a lord, she had never fought before; her strength had reached that point only because of her family.

"Teresaaaa!!" Sir Giant let out a terrified scream, falling to his knees with a fearful expression.

Vritra couldn't help but smile. That was a nice sight, so he decided to delay his return to the chaos a bit.

Teresa felt puzzled and troubled by his last words.

"B– But my mother told me it brings bad luck to call your husband by name."

"Then just use some other title, like…" he pondered, but most titles were already taken by his other wives.

If Teresa were to call him darling, Fiona would certainly be very jealous and upset.

Not to mention, his new bride was quite awkward with conversations, so she needed time to adjust.

"…Just call me husband or something, nothing that formal," Vritra added.

But then Yasmine's voice sounded in his mind.

"Well, I am more than happy to share the title I use. She can call you hubby. Seal of approval from me."

The dragoness was still sharing senses with him, so she could see and hear everything around him.

"Okay, my lor– husband," Teresa corrected herself, still finding it hard to believe that she was actually married.

But then she wondered if Vritra actually hated her. He hadn't even seen her and couldn't expect anything from this marriage.

Not to mention all those ugly rumors and the enormous age difference between the two.

There were far too many negatives in this marriage.

She had seen his clear attempts to cancel the marriage when he slapped her brother, Shen.

And even now, he mentioned separation several times in his rules. She wanted to ask, but could only hold back in the current situation.

"Good job, my Tess." Vritra smiled and patted her head, then paused and pulled back.

"Sigh, sorry, it's a habit. I will try not to—"

Vritra sighed, but Teresa gathered her courage and interrupted.

"Y– Your touch doesn't hurt me. I am fine, so…" she trailed off mid sentence, wondering if it was wrong to demand anything from him.

"That's wonderful to hear." Vritra gently caressed her head once again, Teresa feeling relaxed.

She was so cute. Her awkwardness and hesitation were all new for Vritra too, and he was starting to like her.

Now that even Fiona seemed to have matured, he was quite happy to have Teresa in the family.

Then he took her left hand, gently holding onto it, and finally the two descended.

Fiona had just killed another member of the Twilight, as more than three hundred men burned in her blood red flames.

Killing might have become a new hobby for her.

Everyone was shocked. The marriage had turned into a murder ground.

Even the bride and groom seemed to have perished, or not.

Finally, the two landed on the ground, holding hands, while Teresa was still completely covered except for the glove on her left arm.

"Y– You are fine!!" Everyone finally relaxed upon seeing the two.

But then Shen, Sir Giant, Rich, and many others froze, staring at them in shock.

"D– Didn't we tell you not to touch her? It could put her life in dang—" Shen was both angry and baffled.

Even before the marriage, he had informed Vritra about how fragile she was and warned him not to touch her.

Vritra let go of Teresa's hand, flashed before Shen, and gave him another loud slap.

"Quiet."

❖❖❖