Chapter 691 The Beast Cave

On their way ahead, Vritra and the others encountered many more mutants, all of whom were killed easily.

At least their current strength was enough to deal with such creatures.

"That is the director's base, as I expected, they have increased the defence." Vritra mumbled as he scanned the guards.

"They are weak, let's clear this up." Fiona spoke, flames bursting out of her palms.

As the cart got closer, the guards were alerted. They pointed guns and ability users locked onto them.

"Stop right there, if you take one more step we are going to shoot!" one of the men shouted.

"Is your leader inside?" Vritra asked.

It looked like a military base, with pretty high walls and all the guards in military uniforms.

"He is, do you want to take shelter here?" another guard asked hurriedly upon seeing the women.

It was still a bit dark but they could still somewhat see, and like always, these men were entranced too.

"Yes, can we enter?" Vritra asked, but then he raised his hand and pointed forward.

WHOOSH

Dozens of blood bullets shot out rapidly, the guards were taken off guard as their bodies got riddled with the bullets.

Within seconds, all of them died, baffled expressions still on their faces.

"Let's go inside, I have seen a lot of people here the previous time."

He cut the door easily as the ten entered the base, though already a lot of military men were rushing towards them.

"Wha- Attack, kill them, there are intruders!" The man leading the group shouted, launching his ability.

BANG BOOM

Instantly lots of attacks were launched towards them, but Teresa using her new abilities caught even the attacks.

After ascension, all of them had grown tremendously.

Yasmine launched spiritual bursts, making the heads of a few of them explode.

Yennefer and Fiona burned some to death, sending flying dragons which ate those men.

And just like that, without Vritra even doing anything all of them were dead and messages kept flashing before him.

"Stop right now!!" a loud voice sounded as a man flew from the sky and landed before them.

He had a seven feet height and a heavy body, he looked like a mutant but that was just how he looked.

"Are you the leader?" Vritra asked.

"Yes I am, how dare you kill my slaves!! But in exchange, I can take these women, not a bad exchange."

Vritra just shook his head, in the apocalypse, 99% of men were going crazy over women.

"Anyway, I heard you are a scum and I decided to come here and clear this place. The doctors are already gone, and looks like only you are left here." Vritra spoke as he took a step forward.

'No way, he has to be lying. I just went there yesterday, there is no way he could have killed them so soon. Right, he is trying to scare me, it must be related to his story. Hmph such tricks won't work on me!'

He acted even prouder, believing that the more fearful he appeared the stronger Vritra got.

"You have come to your death-" he was just speaking when his body began to swell up, the prideful man screamed in pain.

But no matter what he tried, his body kept stretching.

And soon…

BOOM!

He exploded, shooting off blood in all directions.

"And we are done, these bases are pretty weak but the beast cave will be different." Vritra mumbled.

He didn't really have anything to do here, so just like before, after helping the survivors a bit they departed.

They left some food behind, Vritra had too much anyway.

It was time to enter the beast cave and start the grind.

Sitting over the blood cart, Vritra was chatting with his wives as they flew towards the centre of the city.

All nearby mutants died wherever the cart passed.

It was a long ride and took nearly four hours, but no problem appeared during this time thankfully.

"So this is the beast cave? It's more like a hellhole…" Vritra stopped the cart over the big hole in the ground.

A bright red light was coming from inside, it looked truly insidious.

"Shall we enter? Once we are inside, we won't be able to leave until I have cleared it up." Vritra spoke.

"Yes, hubby, let's go." Yasmine and the others agreed.

It was better to be with him than just stay back and wait for him.

"Alright, hold tight then." He said and lowered the cart but as soon as they moved into the red hole, the cart turned back into blood.

All of them suddenly started to fall.

"Kiyaaaaaaah~" Shitless screamed the loudest.

But just as they got closer to the ground, instead of hitting it, their bodies floated for a moment.

Vritra and the others quickly adjusted and landed on their feet, only Shitless fell on his bum and kept screaming.

"Tch stop screaming, we are already here and… we have got quite the company it seems…" Onest spoke, seeing hundreds of men looking back at them.

All of them stood in a big space, as if waiting for something and they looked very very hostile.

Vritra's gaze focused on a man with lots of scars, it was none other than Morgan, that bastard player who kept attacking them.

He was standing with dozens of other men, seeing Vritra and the others still alive, he appeared shocked at first.

Then a strange twisted smile appeared on his face, one of his eyes was gone thanks to Teresa.

So he seemed to look at her really hatefully.

Vritra's anger exploded right after seeing him, but just as he was about to rush forward to kill him, the other men suddenly shook their hands.

"Don't do anything…" they spoke in a low voice.

"What's wrong?" Vritra walked forward, while his gaze remained locked onto Morgan and the others with him.

As he entered the large space, one man gestured for him to look up.

Many men looked at the women with entrancement but none dared to try anything, as if they were afraid of moving.

"Keke why don't you try running or shouting?" Morgan chuckled, but spoke in a very low voice.

Vritra just frowned and looked above, his eyes widening in surprise.

The ceiling of the large space was full of something that looked like big blackish red eggs.

Thousands of them.

"What are those?" he mumbled, all his wives also followed and looked up in shock.

It was a really strange sight, but why were all these people acting like this?

Morgan clicked his tongue when he saw Vritra not doing anything, he hoped to see him die.

Vritra also noticed that their skills were being suppressed here greatly, he could barely activate blood manipulation.

He couldn't understand what was happening, but just as he was about to question Divine, he saw one of the burly men shove a short guy away.

The short guy stumbled and fell, a dreadful expression on his face, but just as he screamed-

KUT

Something flashed, devouring his head and pulling his body upwards and then the short guy was swallowed into one of the eggs.

'What the fuck? I heard this is a trap, but what are we supposed to do here?' the others silently moved away from the burly man who grinned hideously.

"Come attack me, will you?" Morgan whispered, trying to anger Vritra.

Vritra looked at Morgan and nodded: "Alright."

He pointed his hand forward and in the next second a gun appeared in his hand, fully loaded.

Seeing it, Morgan was shaken.

Without the use of abilities, guns were still fatal for them, it could easily kill him.

"W- Wait, if you fire, you will die too so think befo-"

But then everyone standing in the space froze, their eyes going as wide as saucers.

A Baldy entered the large hall, and suddenly he stumbled and fell, his face as red as a tomato.

But that was not shocking as many people's appearances changed with their abilities.

They all looked up as the Baldy cursed loudly and then got up, he brushed off his clothes and quickly walked away.

And nothing happened to him.

"Huh? How is he alright? Is it because of his ability or is that thing up there already full?" someone muttered.

"SOB I don't want to be here, I don't want anything I just want to live!" a man suddenly ran to the outside, feeling that now those things weren't going to attack.

But he hadn't even taken a few steps when suddenly something fell from the top, swallowed his head and dragged him up.

"Whoa, what was that?" Shitless was surprised, he quickly ran, picked up the ring on the ground and hurried back.

Yet again, nothing happened to him.

'As always, Shitless is strange.' Vritra just shook his head, he had gotten used to it by now.

"Wait, Sir Shitless…" as he spoke, the monk turned, wondering what Vritra now wanted him to do.

He used that whenever there was some work.

"Y- Yes?" he asked, looking at the pretty gold ring then putting it away.

"Are you up for doing something evil? Something that creates bloodshed and panic?" Vritra asked, speaking in a low voice.

"Yes!! I am always ready for evil things, tell me, what I need to do!" Shitless agreed instantly, smiling evilly.

"Go and beat those guys over there as much as you want, here use this whip and staff. Beat them until they start screaming." Vritra said, giving a few torture weapons away.

"Oh, hehe that's my favourite. I won't disappoint you pitiful one!" Shitless saluted, then carrying the weapons he walked towards Morgan's group.

"W- What do you want Baldy? S- Stay the fuck away, don't come close ughhh" and then it began…

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios