Chapter 722 The Oldies

"Don't hurt my slave!" Shitless spoke, as he held the arm of Addi.

"S- Sir…" Asmodeus looked at the Baldy in reverence. He had been cursing Shitless all this time and in the end he is the one to save him.

Addi was terrified, as he let out a fearful scream.

A beautiful woman had just transformed into a terrifying bald red mutant, he felt his soul leaving his body.

Vritra and the others finally made their appearance.

Only upon seeing the real women did Addi calm down, Shitless had gotten too scary.

"Let go of me if you don't want to lose your arm or even your life. Is he really worth protecting?" Addi asked, wrinkling his nose.

"Shitless, just get rid of him. More players might arrive soon, let's not waste any time." Vritra interrupted.

"Alright, give me a second." Shitless looked at the human torch and muttered:

"There is nothing personal, but I am just that evil. I kill people for no reason, I am the worst right?" he asked, but instead of fear only contempt appeared over Addi's face.

"Sigh goodbye then." Shitless didn't give him any time and in the next moment…

BOOOM

Addi's head exploded with a single punch, as his body went limp and all life force disappeared.

"W- Whoa, you are very strong, sir!!" Asmodeus spoke in shock, so all of them are monsters?

Maybe as long as he doesn't make a mistake he is safer with them than being with those thirty idiots?

"Shitless, keep doing that and bring more players. We need to finish this game quickly." Vritra said as several messages popped before him.

He already had the power of fire so this new ability didn't contribute all that much, though it would increase his flying speed.

"Haha that guy's expressions were hilarious when Shitless transformed." Yasmine laughed, he really looked as if his world had turned upside down.

"More people are coming, let's hide." Maeve said, they only hoped that Sonic or Magna would arrive there.

They had already killed four of the players, and Asmodeus was with them so that left five more to go.

Shitless again began to shout into the mic in his sexy voice, Asmodeus stood beside him confidently this time.

He took on the role of the villain.

"Hehe beauty, just give up. No one strong is coming to save you, I am going to take that treasure and you for myself kekeke"

He spoke into the mic and didn't forget to add the villain's laugh.

Soon more mutants came running but were all instantly killed and thrown away by Vritra.

Many humans also came running.

"Beauty, I am here to help you. Just come with me!!" an old man with a shaky body shouted, with a bunch of old men following him.

Actually they were all young guys when the apocalypse started but he obtained a powerful but deadly ability.

The more energy he used the more of his life force was sucked and even of the ones around him.

Soon they had become such old guys though managed to survive all the danger.

"Just get lost if you don't want to die, I don't hurt old or women." Asmodeus muttered dismissively.

"How dare you COUGH COUGH" another guy shouted too hard and had a violent cough, as he coughed out blood.

"Just get lost, don't waste our time. We are just doing a play, I am not even a beauty." Shitless was annoyed, he spoke as his form transformed.

"U- Uwaaaaah Eyes My eyes aaaaaaaahhhhh" one old man clutched his eyes and began to roll on the ground.

Almost as if acid had been thrown into them.

While the coughing one coughed even harder, before falling to the ground, he seemed almost dead.

The others suddenly looked paler.

"BALDIEEE!! How dare you play with our feelings, you have to pay for it now!!" one of the old guys shouted.

"Yes brother, now that the women are gone. I don't even care as long as there is a hole, and with my eyesight I can't see anyway."

"YESSS!! We can't die virgins, we have to COUGH graduate before dying. Capture this hole guy right now!!"

The old men were suddenly filled with energy as they all screamed and ran towards Shitless.

For a moment both Shitless and Asmodeus were afraid, these guys looked as if a strong wind might be enough to push them into the graves.

"C- Can they even get it up?" Asmodeus wondered, only to receive a slap from Shitless.

"Go and check if you are so curious, this guy also has holes you can use." Shitless shouted and pushed Asmodeus towards the degenerate old men.

"Capture them all, no holes will be barred today!! Hahaha we are finally going to lose it!!"

Onest laughed from the corner.

"You can do it, oldies. Take him!!" he cheered on from the side.

Vritra shook his head, these guys were still playing around, what if a player comes now and there is no Sonia to show?

Several blood tentacles moved forward, wrapping around the feet of the old men, then threw them away far enough.

"Hoo that was close…" Asmodeus wiped his face, he couldn't believe he was this close to getting touched by the old men's group.

Shitless had already transformed into Sonia and was about to continue to speak in the mic.

BOOOOOOM!

Just then a guy landed there heavily, the explosion was so wild that it created a large crater.

He was wearing a heavy black armor and looked quite menacing.

'Another player, finally!' Vritra smiled as he opened his status panel, Shitless truly had a knack to attract attention.

Especially as Sonia, he could pull almost any man's interest.

[You have come in contact with a player!]

[Eliminate him to steal his ascension path and opportunities!]

[Player: Sonic]

[Ability: Sound]

[Ascension Path: Sound Waves]

'Sonic, so he is the guy who destroyed the entire city in a single attack after finding some treasure.' Vritra thought.

And it seemed this very armor was his treasure, it was not bad but nothing too impressive.

"What is going on here?" Sonic asked as his gaze fixed on Sonia, then moved onto Asmodeus.

"You weak bastard, why are you here? Didn't I order you to not approach the tower?" Sonic asked, his voice sounding arrogant.

Vritra observed him for a few moments, before finally revealing himself.

He and his wives walked out, standing before Sonic.

"So you are Sonic, the guy who destroyed a city. What do you think about that?" Vritra asked, standing calmly there.

"Hmm, did he tell you about me? Heh no wonder he dared to oppose me, so he got some backup huh, but why is your backup so full of women? Hahaha are they going to hurt me?" Sonic laughed and shook his head.

Then he answered: "Well yeah, I did kill them. I just obtained the treasure and wanted to test it, but who knew it was so powerful, it was an accident.

But eh, who cares, they are all bugs whose lives don't matter at all. Who cares, anyway, women how about you follow me instead of these losers?"

Vritra patiently listened to his answers, and nodded:

"Yeah right, everyone makes mistakes. It's really not a big deal, who even cares about others' life."

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios