Chapter 601 Jealousy overload

Fiona, Diana, Vanessa, Maeve, Yennefer, Teresa, Yasmine.

Fiona didn't stop there, with a smile on her face she spoke: "Teresa, please introduce yourself and your relation with hubby."

"Oh!" Teresa was just standing there timidly, they were talking about her and for some reason Yennefer's temperament made her a bit nervous.

Nodding she spoke: "H- Hello, I am Teresa Arclis. I am husband's wife-"

Vritra tilted his head to the other side, that was the nail in the coffin, his coffin.

He glanced at Fiona who looked quite pleased, and decided to take his revenge later.

He would torture her so much later that she wouldn't be able to get out of bed.

"Ah, you call him husband?" Yennefer asked with a smile, though it was really chilly.

"Y- Yes…" Teresa answered, she looked around nervously, wondering what was happening.

She still didn't know a lot of things about Vritra.

"I see, isn't that just wonderful, husband? Right after I disappear, you found a replacement for me?" Yennefer's smile finally faded away and she felt angry at Vritra.

She died and he just brought in another woman, she felt bitter and jealous. Previously when she made a mistake, she still remembered how he just disappeared from her life.

How much it hurt her and now he was the one in the wrong.

"No, she isn't your replacement or anything, let me explain-" Vritra said, even though he was just forced into this marriage but from her view, she felt betrayed.

"Hmph, what's there to explain? So, that's how much all my love meant for you?" Yennefer's pretty face turned sad, as she turned, not even facing him.

"Hey, what are you all just standing there for? Help me!! What about that dream, wifey, mom…" Vritra said, looking helpless and the strange background noises weren't helping at all.

"You beasts, do it silently!!" Vritra cursed and the noises became low instantly.

"Hehe, of course hubby, but when are we getting our official ceremony?" Yasmine asked, chuckling lightly.

She had expected this, that's why she even told Teresa to just call him hubby as well.

"As soon as Yenni's body is back, I promise!" Vritra said seriously, he didn't like that feeling of Yennefer getting upset with him.

She had just returned, he wanted to talk so much with her, stay close.

"Haha, alright, that's enough teasing. Honey, I will handle it." Vanessa, his lovely mother, was the one to step up in the end.

"Thank you mom." Vritra sighed, then he looked at the nervous Teresa, who felt as if she had caused some trouble.

Vanessa and Yasmine pulled Yennefer away to explain everything.

Teresa timidly walked closer to Vritra and asked: "Husb- did I make a mistake?"

Unlike Yennefer's strong personality, she was quite vulnerable and meek, Vritra shook his head and patted her.

"No, it is none of our fault, it is just circumstances and fate playing tricks. Don't worry, Tess, Yenni is very caring and kind." He said.

Teresa nodded, as the newest member in the family, despite the warmth from everyone she still needed time to adjust.

Diana walked closer to her, since several barriers were present around Teresa so there was no danger of accidentally touching.

Then the goddess began to soothe her nervousness, taking care of her as if Teresa was her younger sister.

Vritra looked at Fiona, and walked towards her. Without a word, he spanked her buttock as she released a surprised sound.

"Ouch." She rubbed her butt, then laughed, hugging Vritra.

"Hehe, sorry, are you angry at me? I was just teasing you earlier, ahh~" she spoke coquettishly.

But Vritra squeezed her sore butt, his fingers sinking into the warm and soft flesh.

"Now you have done it, just wait for my revenge." Vritra spoke, of course he wasn't upset with her or anything.

It was just playful jokes between husband and wife, but he was certainly serious about the revenge.

After a few minutes, Yasmine returned while Vanessa was still busy talking with Yennefer.

"Hubby, how about we return to our home first? It isn't good to deal with family business out here in the open." The dragoness said.

Vritra nodded then turned towards Shitless and Onest in the distance.

"Can you take care of things here? I will leave behind Hellmancer just in case."

"Alright, pitiful one…" Shitless said, with an encouraging look.

"Yeah, it's fine. There isn't much left anyway." Onest said.

"Alright, let's go-" Vritra turned to his wives and spoke but then paused as his gaze drifted towards the stage.

Shen, Tiny and her soon-to-be husband, Jean, were still there while Sir Giant was unconscious.

He instantly disappeared and flashed beside Jean, the guy was flabbergasted.

"S- Spare me please SOB" he begged instantly, his face full of tears and snot.

And Vritra's aura was so terrifying that soon, he wet his pants, as a small pool of foul liquid formed around him.

Vritra moved back, not expecting such an exaggerated reaction.

"Well I just came to congratulate you two, haha you two look good together. Jean right, pfft what a great choice." He spoke in a mocking tone, then disappeared.

Jean lay sprawled, shivering while shocked at those words. Looking at Tiny not far away, his expression became ugly, he really didn't want to marry her.

"Let's go." Vritra reappeared and spoke to his wives.

And so, the group of eight headed towards their house. He watched as Vanessa and Yennefer talked, hoping that she would understand and wouldn't blame him.

But he really couldn't make excuses, understanding the reason behind her anger.

After leaving the Ford realm, they flew into the sky.

Right as Vritra was about to open a portal back to his house, he paused and looked down at the snow-covered land.

His eyes widened in shock at the unexpected sight.

Strange insects, beasts and even trees were present all over the snow, they seemed… mutated.

"What's going on?" all his wives paused as well.

Yennefer looked down, wondering if things had changed so much after her disappearance.

It didn't even seem like the planet she used to live on.

Noticing several figures in the sky, many mutant birds rushed towards them.

While many creatures on the ground were also attacking them.

With just a thought, all of their heads exploded as the strange-looking corpses fell to the ground.

"Hubby, this… seems to be related to these spores, and this drastic change is happening everywhere." Yasmine spoke as she scanned the surroundings.

The corpses on the ground were instantly devoured by other creatures, and instantly it seemed their strength had increased slightly.

It was as if a great apocalypse was about to befall this planet.

"This doesn't seem to be those trials, so what's going on? Where are these spores coming from?" Vritra focused and saw that the tiny spores also seemed to have changed.

Like living organisms, they were wriggling and buzzing, attaching to just anything.

The ordinary trees and animals all seemed to be affected by it.

Then what about humans and other races?

"Let's return home first." Vritra's expression turned serious as he spoke, he could only expect answers from the divine.

Without using the portal, they flew at high speed while observing the changes.

The more they saw, the more their expressions changed, the snowfall had already made everyone's life difficult.

But now, it was as if the end of the world had come.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...