Chapter 573 Snow

All of a sudden, the world bank trembled, destruction flooding all over the place as most of the platforms got destroyed in an instant.

The lockers weren't harmed at all even by such a powerful explosion, hundreds of figures suddenly flashed there and started to control the violent energy.

Vritra just paused for a moment, then he turned and flew out, cursing out Divine.

'How do I even get out of here?' he cursed as he moved into the disappearing state.

"Do you see that black door which is rather small on your right?" Divine spoke.

"Yes, I will go there immediately." Vritra changed his direction hurriedly and flew towards the door.

He reached it in an instant and pulled the door a bit.

"That is the place you should avoid at all cost, the strongest guards reside there so don't even think of going there, you will die before you know it."

His words suddenly made Vritra halt as he shut the door back and moved away.

"You piece of shit, just tell me which direction I have to go!!" Vritra really wanted to smash his face into burning coal, Divine was still playing around.

"Sigh, move upwards, there you will see a red door, inside is a portal which will lead you back."

Divine said seriously this time and added: "Just remember to destroy the portal after using it so they can't use it to follow you, use your wraiths for that task."

Vritra calmed his mind, while the others were busy dealing with the destruction he flew upwards at full speed.

Before long, the red door appeared before his eyes, such a big commotion had alerted everyone.

Only the strongest guards remained hidden while all others started to gather.

This was just an accident so maybe even if Vritra was caught, they might just give him a light penalty and let him off after he pays some money?

This would be better than becoming the enemy of the world bank.

But then again, they would surely capture Vritra and launch an investigation to see if it really was just an accident.

And then things would get ugly, they would definitely find that he isn't the real Zihong.

So running away was his only choice now.

He kicked open the red door and saw a few guards wearing different armors.

However, just at that moment, Vritra had changed Goop's appearance to look like an armor and his own face was already altered.

His expression changed from panic to anger as he shouted:

"What the hell are you doing here?!! A big criminal has broken into the bank, go help in dealing with the bomb and then catch him. He was last seen near the entrance."

The best ability of a con man is his confidence, the tone was so authoritative that the other person instinctively starts to follow your orders.

And the same happened here, at first they looked at him strangely but then they hurriedly nodded and flew out.

Vritra scanned the area and flew inside, changing back to his real appearance. And indeed, there was a portal inside which was off right now.

He brought Yasmine out and asked her to operate the portal and bring them back to the Zoratian planet while he stood close to the door.

The dragoness quickly understood her task and got to work, but as she tried to operate it, she noticed a few problems.

"Hubby, this thing is broken and has no power." Yasmine spoke hurriedly, she couldn't fix it and couldn't use her mana to make it work.

Vritra's frown deepened, how could the portal in the world bank be broken? Was it a trap?

There was no time.

He brought Teresa out of the divine realm and asked: "Tess, can you fix this?"

Teresa glanced at the portal for a moment and nodded: "Yes husband, just give me a few moments."

Without wasting any time, she got to work, while Vritra questioned: 'Divine, stop playing around and get serious, what should I do about the energy source?'

It didn't take long before the guards had resolved the storm of destructive energy, and now they started to hunt the culprit.

The gnome who was with Vritra told everything to his superiors and soon, a search began.

"Alright alright, just use one of the shards you got from the locker room. That will be enough to run this portal."

Divine answered, it was almost as if he knew everything that was going to happen.

"Husband, I am finished." Just after a few seconds, Teresa spoke, she seemed happy to be of help to Vritra.

Her abilities were truly miraculous.

"Here, wifey, use this." Vritra threw one of the shards towards Yasmine, but just then he heard something from outside.

"Let's check the portal room, he might have gone there to escape." One of the guards shouted, his voice full of anger.

So many platforms and corridors were destroyed, now they would have to do extra work.

"But the portal is broken, and why would Demi God Zihong even attack this place? There must be some misunderstanding or some accident?" It was the gnome's voice.

But he didn't have much authority here.

"Check every corner of this place, whoever it was will have to undergo a proper investigation." Another guard, who seemed quite strong and bulky, ordered as the guards spread in all directions.

"Tess, make it so that it will stop working after we leave and becomes completely useless. And wifey, how long will it take?" Vritra watched as the guards started to spread in all directions.

Teresa nodded, doing this was even easier after all, breaking things is always way easier than creating them.

"I am almost done, just connecting to Zoratian planet, and… done, let's go hubby!!" Yasmine hurriedly spoke.

Vritra sent Yasmine to the divine realm and rushed towards the portal, then as soon as Teresa was done, he took her hand and flew into the portal.

Just as the two had disappeared, the portal buzzed and broke down, appearing as if it had not even been touched.

Then dozens of guards rushed there and found that there was no one and nothing had changed.

"He isn't here, keep searching and release a bounty for him."

The news of such a big event happening in the world bank for the first time ever spread far and wide quickly.

The gods and higher beings, all of them heard about it.

And Vritra's face, or rather his fake face, became famous. After all, he always used a fake appearance when he sensed danger.

The world bank was full of danger from the moment he arrived there, so just before the moment when he met the gnome, Vritra had changed himself just a little.

Despite all efforts, no one in the world bank could find any traces of Vritra or any information about him.

***

The portal situated in the Star Family suddenly lit up, then it buzzed and two figures flew out of it.

For some reason, there were no guards guarding the portal right now.

Vritra and Teresa flew out of the portal and finally relaxed upon seeing the familiar hall.

They were back.

"Why does it feel unusually cold?" Vritra looked around and saw that everything was actually covered by snow.

Both of them were baffled by the drastic changes they least expected to happen.

❖❖❖