Chapter 256: Sweet and Cold [R-18]

Vritra wasn’t sure how good Diana was feeling from this, but tasting that cold and sweet nipple was a completely new and wonderful experience.

"Hnnnnnn~ Aaaaaaah~" Diana couldn’t even form a single word as she continued to moan in pleasure. After the icy feeling, her nipple was suddenly surrounded by the warmth of his mouth. This felt way too good, so much that love juices had started to leak out of her pussy.

Vritra continued to suckle on her nipple, poking the tip with his tongue and biting it lightly, enjoying the feeling of coldness in his mouth.

Moving the ice cube, he gently pressed it against her lips. As her lips parted, she gave a sensual lick to the ice and his finger, then he started to drag it down her body.

He brought the ice cube over her cleavage, then slowly began to drag it down her body, making Diana feel goosebumps all over. The cold feeling was soon over her stomach, as the cube passed over her belly button and slowly approached her private region.

The tension in the goddess’s body rose as Vritra rubbed the cube against her thighs and was slowly bringing it closer to her labia, munching down on nipples until they were a bit swollen.

"Haaaaaah~ M- Masterrrr Hnnnggggg~ S- So cold Mmmmm~" the goddess wriggled like a fish straight out of water as the ice cube finally pressed against her drenched petals.

Diana hugged him tightly, squirting at the first touch of the coldness. It was too stimulating as the goddess squeezed his hand and the ice cube between her thighs, making the ice press against her pussy even tighter.

Vritra continued to rub the ice cube against her vagina as he pulled her nipple out and kissed her lips again.

Diana stuck to his lips for her dear life, her entire body was constantly trembling at the unimaginable stimulation. She held his tongue in her mouth, trying to distract her mind from the pleasurable torture.

The ice was slowly melting from the heat of her body, and the cold water was traveling into her cave, making her feel a strong itch deep inside.

Bringing the ice a bit upward, Vritra pressed it against her clitoris as Diana suddenly felt breathless and gasped. She squirted instantly as the highly sensitive bud was tortured to climax by this handsome and sexy guy.

SPLASH~ SPLASH~

"Mmmmm~ Hmmmm~ SLURP SLURP GULP Ooooommpphh~"

After a few minutes of rubbing, Vritra finally pulled the ice cube away from her vagina. It had already reduced in size to less than a quarter of its original size with the heat of her pussy, and it was completely covered in her nectar.

Vritra sat back as he broke the kiss, leaving Diana panting. He finally removed the blindfold from her eyes.

As her hazy gaze focused on Vritra, then to her surprise, he put the ice cube over his tongue. It instantly transformed into cold water with the sweet and familiar taste of her vagina.

GULP

Diana’s lust increased several fold as she watched him drink the water that was mixed with her love juices. He sat between her shaky legs and held her legs, gripping the fleshy thick thighs tightly and pulling them apart.

The drenched and trembling pussy was instantly revealed to his eyes. Seeing the shivering labia, Vritra instantly had the urge to taste her, and once there was a thought there was no stopping it.

He leaned forward and finally pressed his lips against those cold and soft petals, sucking them and feeling the coldness in his mouth. The incredibly soft and cool lower lips felt really good as Vritra bit and licked them.

Going a bit higher, he wrapped his lips around her clitoris, sucking hard on the cold bud and pressing it firmly with his tongue. Diana’s body arched upward as she pushed her toes against the bed’s mattress while Vritra bit the clitoris before finally coming back to her pussy.

Without wasting a moment, he surrounded the cold labia with his lips and pushed his tongue into her vagina. The inside wasn’t as cold, but it was still a completely different experience than the last time.

GULP~ GULP~

Holding her thighs, he rubbed and poked against her soft folds, going deeper and deeper into her vagina, while he continued to drink her honey-like pussy juice, sucking hard on her fleshy walls.

"Tell me, Immoral Goddess, do you like getting eaten out?" Vritra asked as he pulled back slightly before diving back into her body, pushing his tongue as far as it could go inside her.

Her soft walls were clenching down on his tongue like crazy. Her vagina was really tight, and if Vritra’s body wasn’t so strong, he might not have wanted to put his tongue into such a tight place.

"Ahhhhh~ I- I love it, master!! Hnnnggggggg~ Y- Yes, poke t- that part... master Hooooo~ Aaannngggg~ R- Right there~ Mmmm~" Diana moaned, the proudful voice of the goddess now sounding extremely lewd.

SLURP SLURP

Vritra rolled and twisted his tongue inside her vagina, sucking out her love juices while squeezing her boobs with his hands, pinching her already swollen nipples.

SQUENCH SQUENCH

He continued to eat her pussy for a while, and it wasn’t long before the goddess orgasmed once again. She squeezed his head between her supple thighs, pressing against his head from both sides.

The goddess leaned forward and hugged his head, letting out an especially loud voice, as a strong jet of her warm and sweet pussy juice flooded out of her vagina and filled Vritra’s mouth completely.

SLUUUURP

GULP GULP

Without wasting a single drop, Vritra drank her pussy lips while his lips stopped even a drop from leaking out. His taste buds exploded with sweetness, and the warm fluid flowed down his belly.

"Mmm Thank you for the treat, my perverted lewd goddess..." Vritra said as he pulled his tongue out of her pussy and separated his lips from her petals, and sat back.

Wiping his lips, Vritra looked at Diana.

She already looked quite exhausted from just the foreplay. Maybe he went a bit hard for her first time, but it was truly a great experience. He would never be forgetting his first time with the goddess.

After giving her a few seconds to breathe and relax, Vritra leaned forward and gave a peck on her lips. He held his cock with his right hand and pressed the tip against her wet entrance, feeling her soft labia against his glans.

SCHLK SCHLK

Instead of directly putting it inside her, Vritra began to rub the tip against her petals and clitoris. Diana finally came to her senses as her dazed eyes focused on Vritra’s handsome face. She wrapped her slender arms around his body and pulled him closer into a tender kiss.

Then in a soft voice, she whispered: "I- I am ready master, please make me yours haa enter deep inside me hnnn~ and fill me up with your Mmmm~ thick naughty milk, give it Uummph~ to me m- master..."

Vritra smiled. He became more gentle with the goddess, caressing her cheek. He kissed her lips, then whispered close to her ear before biting her earlobe.

"From now on, you solely belong to me. YOU ARE MINE!!"

SHLICK~

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...