Chapter 542 Sublime

"Cough, I have made proper arrangements for everyone to sleep, if there is something important we can talk about it tomorrow morning." Shen said, as he stood up and gestured for the servants to lead them.

All of Vritra's women were looking at him, they too wanted a grand wedding, but their complaints could wait.

For now, they decided to leave the newly wed couple alone.

Of course, Yasmine decided to leave the place, only to enter the fourth dimension and float around Vritra.

Vanessa and the others left after talking a bit with Vritra, the four women had their beds placed in a single room.

They planned to talk and enjoy the rare event of them gathering again.

Gunter and Ava too left for their room after a small talk with him.

Finally, Shen walked up to Vritra, and cleared his throat.

"COUGH, I- I have prepared a room for you, Ar- brother in law." He found it strange to address someone so young in such a manner.

Vritra stood up and raised his hand, frightening the monarch, but then he patted his shoulder and spoke:

"Thank you, Shen, but there is no need for that. I will be sleeping in Teresa's room."

"H- Huh, but… that might be dangerous…" he muttered, moving back and standing behind Sir Giant.

"Art, for now, why don't you sleep in a different room? We still aren't sure if you could harm her or not, this is for both of our goo-" Sir Giant spoke, he was sure that Art would agree just to show him respect.

"You don't have to worry about her safety or wellbeing from now on, I will take proper care of her." Vritra replied, of course he planned to take this relationship slow.

Both of them needed to open up to each other, especially Teresa.

She was certainly very smart, most probably the smartest among all his wives or maybe equivalent to Yasmine, but needed to learn so much about normal stuff.

"You- Sigh, I saw that your touch isn't harming her, but-" Sir Giant insisted, originally, Teresa's life wouldn't have any changes even after marriage.

They felt that it was all necessary to protect her, but Vritra wanted her to experience so much more, grow in all ways.

Interrupting the old guy, Vritra pointed towards Teresa and said: "Let's just do as Tess thinks, I will follow her wishes."

"Good, my doll, what do you think?" Sir Giant asked, holding his hands behind his back and more confident now.

Of course, he knew what she would choose, who would even know her better than him.

The bride who was sitting silently tilted her head up, then she stood up.

Without even thinking for a moment, she stepped behind Vritra, lightly holding onto the corner of his sleeve.

"Huh? Teresa, what's wrong? Did he scare you or something?" Sir Giant was so baffled he took a step back and hit Shen, who fell over his butt.

"No, I want to be with my h- husband." She spoke, though it wasn't easy for her.

Vritra's lips curled up, he held her arm.

'She's so sweet…' he could just close his eyes and keep listening to her voice, it was so relaxing.

"Got anything else to say, old guy? If not, please get lost." Vritra spoke, he actually felt happy that she took his side and also enjoyed the hurt and betrayed expressions of her family.

"…"

Then, pulling her arm, Vritra and Teresa walked out.

The house was rather big, and her room was located on the second floor.

Teresa was quite nervous as she led him towards her room.

Of course, she still cared about her family but knew Vritra was her future, he was the one who would remain with her till the end, not the family.

Soon they arrived before her room, Teresa pushed the door open and walked inside, scanning the room nervously.

The lights lit up on their own.

Thankfully, everything was presentable, it was properly cleaned too.

Vritra stepped inside and looked around, the room was full of her fragrance and various types of objects.

He closed the door behind then walked up to the items she had placed all over the walls.

Her room was quite big, yet it seemed so full of all these objects.

"Did you create all of them?" he picked a gauntlet, and read its description.

"Yes," Teresa replied, standing silently there.

Vritra was quite shocked upon seeing her creations, she truly was a genius, each of them were top notch treasures.

No wonder the Ford family had grown so much, but he wasn't really interested in any of them.

Turning back to her, he saw his wife stiffly standing there.

Walking closer, he patted her head and spoke: "Why don't you change into something comfortable?"

"Okay…" Teresa nodded before rushing off into the bathroom.

Vritra too changed into comfortable clothes, he just needed to think and Goop transformed.

It was really quite handy.

Then he climbed on the bed and laid back, the day had been quite hectic and exciting.

Staring at the figure floating around in the room, Vritra questioned: 'Wifey, aren't you sleepy?'

"No, I want to sleep with you, I will join once Teresa is asleep." The dragoness replied, she was sleeping with her husband but it was almost as if she was having an affair with someone else's husband.

'Alright.' Vritra nodded, he was feeling sleepy.

Just then, the door to the bathroom was pushed open and Teresa stepped forward.

She was now wearing her nightwear, finally Vritra was able to see her true appearance.

Her black hair fell freely down her back, slightly messy, reaching past her waist.

Teresa's eyes were closed.

Nervously, she was biting onto her lower lip.

Her skin looked creamy, glowing under the faint glow, standing out sharply against the darkness of her lips.

With curves that could even defeat Vanessa, Yasmine and Yennefer.

The thin fabric clung tightly to her body, outlining a voluptuous and perfectly proportioned figure. Every curve, from her breasts to her waist, thighs, and ass looked absolutely delectable.

Her black luscious lips and a face so gorgeous that Vritra stared at her in a daze.

He was a demi god, and her beauty could go through his mental defences, no wonder other people went crazy.

'Goth mommy…?' From her behaviour and voice, such a baddie look would be the last thing he expected.

"Wow, she is far more beautiful than any of the rumours, no wonder, no one has ever been able to take the 1st spot from her." Yasmine too was shocked, staring at that beautiful face.

There were several people occupying the second spot, such as herself, Yennefer though they had removed her from the list recently, and now Vanessa and Fiona.

Maeve had changed her appearance so she wasn't a part of the list, and she was a demon.

After coming to his senses, Vritra found it hard to tear his gaze away from her; but based on her looks he wondered if this was really his meek and awkward wife.

"Uh Tess, what was our first rule?" he questioned.

"You are always right, husband." She answered instantly, her voice as sweet as ever.

'It really is her.' Vritra relaxed a bit but he wondered if this level of beauty is even possible, she wasn't even wearing any makeup.

Just then, he noticed a glass ball, barely visible in the corner of a shelf.

Violent tornadoes were visible inside it, exactly like what he had seen before.

❖❖❖