Chapter 175: Groups

"Nice to meet you, I am Rich." The guy who seemed to be around twenty years old extended his hand towards Vritra and said with a polite smile.

"Hello." Vritra shook hands with the strange guy. From his baby face to his attitude, he seemed like a guy from a well-off family, and he was even in the legion rank.

Vritra glanced at his equipment, which seemed much better than the prize promised from the competition. Though this guy stood out the most in the crowd, Vritra decided to mind his own business as he lost himself in his thoughts.

’Sigh, it feels so bad that I can’t get that scarlet couple inheritance. Even that map will go to waste. The empress will be the one to get it, she isn’t even letting anyone else enter. I wonder what kind of treasure is hidden inside.’ Vritra shook his head. He wondered if he should just throw that map away, but then he decided not to. It’s not like it was taking any extra space.

"Are you interest— cough— interested in marrying that mystery girl?" Rich spoke, getting flustered for a moment before composing himself.

"Not really, I am here for the other rewards. What about you?" Vritra decided to pass the little time by talking to him since Rich started the conversation.

"Huh? How could I marry my— cough—I mean, no, I am not here to marry her." Rich said. He seemed a bit flustered upon hearing that question.

"And it doesn’t look like you are here for the other reward, so are you here just for entertainment?" Vritra asked. He was getting a strange feeling from how the other person kept panicking.

It seemed this boy knew who the girl was going to be, but Vritra had no interest in any of this.

"Haha, yeah, I just came to watch everything closely." Rich said. Just because of his equipment, none of the people present in the large hall would be able to hurt him, not even Vritra—of course, unless he decided to harm himself along with him.

They chatted a bit longer, as Rich pointed towards various participants who seemed likely to win and would be a good match for the marriage trial.

"Looks like this guy is related to the mystery girl, but I can tell from just one look—he would even be scared to kill a fly, so his family must have forced him to finish off injured strong demons. That’s how he even got to the legion rank." Yasmine said. She could tell that at least he was a boy, not some girl in hiding.

After a while, several kingdom guards entered the large hall. After making sure that no one important was left to enter, they began to announce: "Everyone, stop talking and focus here."

The hall suddenly quieted down as the excited group of young men listened carefully to the announcement. After a short and imposing pose, the head guard began to speak:

"There are more than twenty thousand participants, and more than ninety-nine percent of you are failures. The competition will be held over several days. Today, you all will be divided into two groups—both groups with nearly the same number of members.

Members of each group will be made to fight one another, and out of more than ten thousand participants in the group, only around five hundred will be selected for the next round."

Everyone in the hall was surprised by the large failure rate. Now they looked around, and sensing the auras of a very few legion-ranked young men, they suddenly lost all confidence.

"Now those of you with long faces, I can tell all of you are nothing more than trash. So instead of wasting our time, why don’t you just walk out of that door on your own and save some of your parents’ dignity? You don’t want to die so young, right?" the head guard added, and even more people were scared now. Of course, they didn’t want to die.

After hearing that, more than a thousand young men meekly walked out of the hall. Despite their desires, they were aware of their own strength, after all.

"Sigh, there are so many delusional fools. Anyway, up to the serial number eleven thousand would be the first group and the remaining would be in the second group.

Now, the first group follow behind me to the arena. It will be a free fight with the only rule being to not kill. Other than that, you will be responsible for yourself." the rude head guard said before he turned around and began to walk out of the hall.

The participants up to number eleven thousand hastily followed behind the head guard. Vritra sighed that he would have to wait for so long and now he was just wasting time sitting here.

"How long do you think the fight outside would last?" Vritra looked at Rich and asked.

"Hmm, should be at least three hours, though it might stretch out for even longer." Rich replied. He had been in a few other such competitions after all—the competitions for marriage trials.

’What a wastage of time. There are more than ten thousand people here, so why not earn some sin points? Of course, without becoming the public enemy or gathering the wrong attention towards himself.’ Vritra thought as he stood up. Then he walked towards one of the walls and shouted in a loud voice:

"HEY EVERYONE, LISTEN HERE! I HAVE A GREAT ADVICE FOR YOU ALL. IF YOU FOLLOW, YOU JUST MIGHT BECOME ONE OF THOSE FIVE HUNDRED PEOPLE!!"

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +11,438}

{Sin Point Gained: Annoyed +6,566}

{Sin Point Gained: Intrigued +6,448}

...

Instantly, waves of sin points poured out. There were people always keeping an eye on everyone in the hall so Vritra couldn’t do anything extreme, but forming a team was a normal thing.

"What are you talking about? How can you guarantee that we become the five hundred inners?"

"Are you trying to trick us? Who is he even?"

Along with the waves of questions from all sides, the sin points kept coming rapidly. Vritra waited for a few seconds before speaking again:

"No, I guarantee you, if you follow what I say, then you will absolutely win this one. I only need four hundred ninety-nine of you. We will form a group together and thrash away all the other participants. Do you think the other individuals would dare to attack a group as big as ours?"

Hearing his words, everyone paused. There really seemed logic behind those words. They looked at one another. Many were confident enough in themselves that they would become winners even without anyone’s help, but most didn’t have much confidence.

After a slight pause, hundreds of the young men rushed forward towards Vritra. That few lines from him made a big change in the competition. Vritra selected exactly 499 members, and Rich was also in his group. Sin points were constantly rushing in, and Vritra had achieved his goal already.

But seeing the group of five hundred, the other underconfident young men also decided to form groups. In the end, sixteen groups, each having up to five hundred members, were formed, while the rest still wanted to fight on their own. Vritra was getting sin points by just standing there.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...