Chapter 413: Trap?

Pulling his hand back, Vritra stabbed the knife into the leader’s eye, tightly clutching his hair before pulling it down very slowly.

"AAAAAAAAAH!" His head was split in two, but this was just the beginning.

All the others just stood there frozen on the ground, wondering if the instructions weren’t clear enough.

But as the act on the stage got more cruel and brutal, they all shivered.

Their bodies trembled at every scream, every cut and stab of the knife. It became so bloody that even these lunatics began to vomit.

Being at that level, the leader’s body was healing quite fast, plus he seemed to possess some strange skill that burned his blood to heal.

So Vritra could continue without a care. His right hand plunged into the leader’s torso, as he gripped the leader’s heart.

"Krrkkkhhh cough cough s- stop please ughhh cough" he coughed blood as both his eyes healed back, a terrified expression appearing on his face.

Even more shocked were the people lying on the altar.

Just a moment ago they were begging for mercy and all of a sudden they were watching such a nice show.

Suddenly Vritra paused and glanced at the men who were just frozen and watching everything happen, their bodies wouldn’t move an inch.

"Are you just going to watch? Why don’t you all join in on the fun?" As Vritra spoke, his left hand got covered by the root-like thin fibers of the parasite.

[Elegy Parasite Activated.]

And in the next moment, countless tiny parasites spread across the air, flying at a really fast speed but invisible to the naked eye.

Within just moments, almost all of the people got at least one of those parasites on their bodies and then Vritra commanded.

"Don’t stand idle, start eating one another, will you?" As they all heard, the expressions of the people turned horrified.

At first, they tried to escape but to their horror, they seemed to have lost control of their bodies.

Not all of them were affected by this order and they were even more terrified; their brothers in arms seemed to have become zombies.

In the next moment, an even bloody show began.

The members of the Bone Blood Cult began to bite and tear off one another, ripping off flesh and bones.

To stop the people on the stage from seeing this all, he even covered the whole altar with a layer.

While the people were tearing off one another, Vritra once again focused on torturing the leader.

But he felt that this was all too strange; from that man getting caught to this ritual and his perfect timing.

Vritra’s hands paused in the midst of tearing off his limbs. He attached another parasite to the leader’s body and questioned:

"When did you plan this whole ritual?"

"W- We- ughhhh aaaaah" Just as he was about to answer, the leader felt intense pain in his head.

Surely it was similar to the captive, and Vritra finally understood that this was certainly a trap by the Bone Blood Cult.

Leaving the group of survivors and the Bone Blood Cult inside the dimensional book, Vritra teleported directly outside.

Since everyone had been teleported, the whole forest seemed empty and quiet, but Vritra could faintly sense a presence.

"Hubby, you are right, I think this is a trap. We should leave." Yasmine spoke in alarm.

But when Vritra tried to teleport he found that the whole place had been sealed and it wasn’t just to seal the space, all sorts of seals had been placed there.

Vritra could no longer even use his mana.

"Well, you are a lot better than I expected." Suddenly a rough voice sounded from the entrance of the place.

Vritra turned and saw the man wearing a robe, but there was no skin on his body and killing intent around his body was several times stronger than even his own.

"This is Red! The leader of Bone Blood Cult." Yasmine spoke in surprise.

"Red..." Vritra mumbled to himself. He didn’t panic but looked calmly at the leader of the whole organisation.

"Interesting, you shifted them all to a different self-built dimension. So space is your Field. How rare, you are quite talented and a lot stronger than I heard."

Red spoke in an intrigued tone, walking closer and then pausing nearly ten meters from Vritra.

"You want to capture me?" Vritra questioned, showing no signs of fear.

"Hmm I planned to, but I think it would be better to recruit someone like you. So would you like to join Bone Blood Cult?

If you do, I can take care of your problem in a single day and then no one would be hunting you." Red said, quite confident in his offer.

"Okay, and what else will I get by joining Bone Blood Cult? To be honest, I don’t have a good impression of you guys, no motive and no goal, just pure bloodshed.

What’s even the point of destruction if you don’t have a path ahead?" Vritra questioned, crossing his arms over his chest.

Red fell into deep thoughts and then answered: "Of course we have a goal, it’s just the world is too blind to see it.

And if you join us, you will get whatever you want. Tell me what demands you have. To get a talent such as you, I... can be a bit lenient." Red said.

Vritra was the next Divine, so if he could really join Bone Blood Cult then it would definitely be the strongest organisation given time.

"Alright, first make me the leader of Bone Blood Cult. Second, you will personally be serving my slave, Shitless.

Third, I need to slap your parents for bringing this ugly thing to this world. Fourth... Twenty-eighth, you have to personally clean shoes on the street from 9 to 11 in the morning. Twen-"

Vritra continued with his reasonable demands.

"Enough, I have heard enough of your jokes. Now just give me your answers, will you join Bone Blood Cult or not?" Red barely held back his anger. Who would dare to be so arrogant in front of him?

"Well an old friend of mine told me that Bone Blood Cult is for those with small dicks so no thanks." Vritra rejected.

He knew his only choice was to escape but he wanted to test Red’s strength a bit first.

’Dimensional book can surely hide me for a while but it won’t be hard for Red to find and destroy that dimension, so hiding there is not an option.’

Vritra thought, and there were absolutely no other ways to run.

"Haa what a pity, it would really have been great if you could have joined our organisation, but it is fine to capture you too."

Red said while shaking his head, the air around him becoming dangerously sharp.

Vritra didn’t use the demonic energy. He took a step forward, wanting to test if Red would be able to get through his physical defenses.

"..." Without saying a word further, Red raised his hand and made a gripping gesture towards Vritra as a hand of blood suddenly formed and tried to catch him.

"Tsk tsk too slow, is this the limit of the leader of Bone Blood Cult? Sigh thank god I didn’t join." Vritra said, his body flashing away as he put all his divine skills to use.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...