Chapter 238: Demonic Dragon

"So, you are trying to stop us because of the person that had gone inside? Don’t you worry though, we will destroy their soul and take control of their body, this is the perfect outcome." The pope laughed as he gestured for everyone to follow him into the inheritance ground.

He didn’t think for a moment that Vritra would be capable of breaking those restraints. With his current strength in the human body, the pope himself might not succeed in breaking those threads, let alone Vritra.

Treating Vritra as a neutralized threat, the pope shifted his attention to the large fiery door. Gesturing towards it, the large group headed towards the door as most of the grey figures shot deadly glares towards the frozen Vritra.

He didn’t go mad at the taunt from the pope, doing that would instead make him an easier target.

Vritra was going to protect Fiona at any cost.

’These threads... I can’t break them.’ Vritra exerted all his strength and even used the Shift but he still couldn’t break them. His skin started to tear, but those countless threads wouldn’t budge.

[Fourth Dimension Activated.]

All the Grieves activated the Phoenix Inheritance Glyph as their bodies got covered by a thin fiery barrier. They were ready to destroy Bob again and enter when suddenly a deafening sound shook the space.

All the Grieves turned back as they saw the place where Vritra had been was now empty. Even the pope was surprised. He had seen Vritra disappear once before, but that wasn’t enough for him to understand that skill completely.

ROOOAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRR

When Vritra appeared, his body twisted as dragon scales rapidly appeared all over his body, and the size of his body started to increase.

Complete Dragon Transformation!!

Within moments, Vritra’s body increased in size to hundreds of meters as he transformed into an enormous black dragon, looking equally terrifying and strong.

Raising his head, he let out another roar. The grey figures, even with sizes above seven feet, looked tiny in front of him. Blue and purple energies were wrapped around his body, looking as if the air itself was being destroyed.

Before the shock of the appearance of a dragon could subside, another roar reverberated as a slightly illusory white dragon appeared out of nowhere.

After so many years, Yasmine made her appearance in front of someone other than Vritra for the first time.

Her presence alone made the Grieves shiver. She might not have recovered all her strength yet, but her aura was still that of the Dragon Queen.

"Oh, that doesn’t seem like one of his summons. That’s a soul, and although it is not too strong right now, that’s no ordinary dragon..." the pope muttered with a slight frown and wondered if this might possibly be the Dragon Queen that had been dead for many years.

’Stay close to the entrance, let me attack first.’ Vritra said, and Yasmine hummed in agreement.

The two moved at an extremely fast pace despite their large sizes. Yasmine looked slightly bigger than Vritra. If she looked like a beautiful angel with those beautiful white scales, then Vritra was like the devil with black scales and two horns on his head.

"Sigh, looks like going inside won’t be as easy as we had expected. Let’s take care of them first, but remember no one is allowed to kill them. Get ready for the battle." The pope said, as he moved to the back of the group and allowed the other grey figures to charge at the two dragons.

Yasmine’s role was to support Vritra. With countless years of experience in fighting against all sorts of creatures, she could assess the situation and future attacks better than Vritra.

She gazed at the ten stars and could tell those were the most trouble among the group of hundreds of charging Grieves. After a moment, she spoke to him mentally.

’Their biggest advantage are the Glyphs, and those things are activated by injecting energy or by crushing them. That’s how it has been so far.’

She didn’t explain any further, but Vritra knew exactly what she meant.

’Do you know how to kill them, since it doesn’t seem they would die like the others I had killed so far?’ he asked.

"I had killed many in the past with just brute force. I don’t know of any other way. They are one of the hardest creatures to kill."

Before the Grieves could activate any sort of trap again, Vritra rushed forward as countless dust spears, rotating at extreme speed and burning hot, shot at the approaching Grieves.

[Switch: Demonification (2%)]

THUMP THUMP THUMP

THUMP THUMP THUMP

In his current state, he could still handle that level of power. Vritra’s strength had long surpassed the beginning levels of the 2nd Legion rank, though the difference between each level here seemed even bigger.

Finally, the two sides clashed. The spears shot into the bodies of all the Grieves. Many pierced while most were blocked. Vritra swung his long tail, striking the approaching Grieves and blowing them away.

By this transformation, his strength had increased significantly. But seeing the damage done to the dozens of Grieves after such a powerful attack, Vritra was even more unsure of how he could kill them.

’Blood Lock could work, but there are too many enemies. Guess I could just hold on until Fiona is out.’ Vritra thought before going back into action.

Several of the Grieves even rushed towards Yasmine. Despite her weakened state, she hovered in front of Bob and met their attacks as she released a sea of flames from her mouth.

The over twenty Grieves heading towards her felt as if their soul itself was being burnt, but it couldn’t deliver a critical injury as they continued to attack despite the pain.

ROOOAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRR

Letting out a roar, Yasmine started fighting with all her might, even though she was at a disadvantage against so many strong opponents.

She did her best to disrupt their flow whenever they tried to use the glyphs, but it was impossible to defend against them all. Releasing a blast of energy, she blew them away, finding it difficult to fight so many with her current strength.

"Take the white dragon down first, she can’t hold on for too long." One of the Grieves muttered as a couple dozen of them charged towards Yasmine.

Just then, a black human-like figure appeared in front of Yasmine. Releasing a loud cry, it pounced at the approaching Grieves.

’The Soul Wraith!!’ Yasmine exclaimed. This was the wraith that was created from more than three hundred human corpses; its strength was reaching close to the 3rd Legion rank.

Seeing that Yasmine and the Soul Wraith could handle those Grieves, Vritra focused his gaze on the stars and the remaining hundreds of Grieves.

’Forbid: Flight!!’ Vritra thought as he charged forward at full speed. One of the stars was suddenly unable to fly. He was surprised and lost his balance for a moment. Vritra used that moment as he opened his mouth wide and bit down at his body.

"Arrrggghhh, fuck!!" the star let out a painful groan as Vritra’s teeth tore through his skin and went deeper into his flesh, almost ripping away his right shoulder.

[Blood Lock Activated.]

[Target Locked. Time Until Death: 3 hours 19 minutes 59 seconds.]

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...