Chapter 195: Death by Snu-Snu

"So Jin Woo, I need to borrow your penis for a moment." Yennefer spoke.

{Sin Point Gained: Got baffled +1}

"Um... Sorry, what?" Vritra took a step back, not expecting the empress to say something like that. This was definitely one of the biggest shocks he had received in his life, and she said the entire thing in such an emotionless tone.

"After clearing all the traps and reaching this final point, I wasn’t able to obtain this inheritance just because this inheritance could only be obtained by a couple. Ha! How stupid." Yennefer said in an angry tone, as if she wanted to tear the entire place to pieces.

"Ah, so that’s how it is." Vritra understood why he was abducted, but then he asked, "Don’t you have a fiancé? It’s not like this inheritance is running anywhere—"

But Vritra was interrupted as the empress added, "I don’t want any kind of attachment with him, and it won’t be easier to—"

She paused, but Vritra understood.

’Complete it, complete it, why don’t you? Yeah, if you do it with him, then you would be bound with him definitely and it won’t be easier to kill him, while you can just kill me the moment you obtain the inheritance.’

He thought, and the empress also knew that he understood her plan, but she just doesn’t care all that much.

"But... why me? There were hundreds of thousands of people in the kingdom. Just take someone else—" Vritra began to speak, stalling a bit for time.

Yennefer interrupted him again: "I chose you because you looked better than all the others. Even though none of this matters, I can’t do it with someone ugly. And your strength... well, it is not bad."

"Is this what they mean by suffering from success? Hubby, why do you have to be so handsome? Just hold on a bit longer, I am close to finding the best route to escape." Yasmine said, releasing an exasperated sigh.

"But won’t you just kill me right after obtaining the inheritance?" Vritra asked, still pretending to be meek.

"Should I do it before obtaining the inheritance?" the empress asked before raising her right hand. Vritra was sure that just a light slap was enough to stop both his hearts.

"Found it!!" Yasmine’s excited voice sounded in his mind. Vritra felt a bit comforted, but he maintained the same expression.

’Tell me, what do I have to do?’ he asked, while acting as if he was pondering deeply.

"You see that door? You just need to pass through it after entering the fourth dimension, and I will guide you ahead from there, but..." Yasmine paused.

’And here comes the legendary but. Now what is it?’ Vritra thought, shaking his head internally.

"Yennefer is much faster than you, so it is just impossible that you could even reach the door if she wants to stop you. So you have to do it at a time when she is not ready or out of it, like uhm..." she hesitated.

"Give me your answer. I can’t wait for you the whole day." Yennefer said with a little frown. This inheritance was too important for her, otherwise she wouldn’t even let anyone touch her a little.

"Will you spare me after you are done?" Vritra asked, while speaking in his mind: ’Just tell me, wifey.’

"No." the empress said without a moment’s delay, not caring what he thinks or feels.

Vritra: "..."

"Okay, so you have to go along with her and catch her off guard. Hubby, you will have to make this small sacrifice, and as your wife, I give you my full support and permission, so go ahead and do it." Yasmine said, her tone completely serious.

Vritra: "..."

’Just what is going on all of a sudden? Is this a dream or something?’ Vritra sighed in self-pity, wondering what wrong choices he made to come to this junction of life.

"But isn’t that most guys’ dream? To die from snu snu with a hot, beautiful woman?" Yasmine asked. She had heard many things before, especially after arriving in the labyrinth.

’There is a difference between dying from snu snu and dying right after it. But is that the only choice?’ Vritra thought and decided to act a bit more in front of the empress to awaken even a tiny bit of kindness in her heart.

"Y- You know it is my life rule to never do it with a woman unless she is already mine, and you know I have three wives waiting for me back at home, five small kids.

I am poor, my parents died before I was born, I had nothing to eat so I ate my house’s brick and that’s how I became homeless, and penis has a fast today so it won’t even budge..." Vritra said it all in a single breath, showing a painful expression on his face.

Yennefer continued to hear his nonsense for a while before interrupting him and speaking: "Take off your pants."

"Uh... were my words not reaching your ears? I said, today my pe—" Vritra tried to speak, but the deadly aura from the empress silenced him instantly.

"I am giving you three seconds. Make your choice. If you don’t walk over to that place, take off all the clothes from your lower body and lie down, I will kill you." The empress said, her aura suffocating.

"Three seconds aren’t even enough to do all that, woman—cough, empress, at least give me three months of time to think." Vritra spoke.

"Three... Two... One..." Yennefer counted quickly, then took a step forward threateningly, making Vritra feel goosebumps all over.

"Wait wait, I will do it. Okay, I am doing it." Vritra sighed and knew there was no other way. He walked over to the place where she had pointed; a blanket was spread over the ground.

"I see, so you made your preparations, huh?" Vritra said, then he took off his pants and underwear slowly before lying back.

"Come and quench your thirst with my body, you horny woman." Vritra mumbled, but the empress completely ignored all his gibberish. She already knew that he was just putting on an act, but she was after the whole process—end of which he won’t make it out of here alive.

"..." Yennefer stared at his body in silence for a while after walking closer. She saw his penis that was still soft, and understood that this must be the part that needs to go inside her.

When it came to sex, she was even more clueless than Diana or most teenage girls. At most, she knew that men have penises instead of vaginas, and the two parts need to be connected to do what is called sex.

Taking a deep breath, she prepared herself, reminding herself that this was for the inheritance that would allow her to escape from her family’s and the emperor’s control. She had to get it at any cost.

Once she obtained the inheritance and Vritra disappeared, who would even know about any of it? She would forget it like the torture she received from her family.

Under Vritra’s gaze, her slender waist twisted as she pushed her clothes down and soon got half-naked. Feeling his eyes on her lower body, the empress frowned, feeling angry and almost kicked Vritra to death—but she held back.

"Don’t stare at me." She said.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...