Chapter 652 Ascension Path

Inside the Doven city, the city which Vritra had entered after crossing the hanging bridge and almost ended up dying in the military base.

Near the centre of the city, in an underground base.

A guy who looked like a butcher sat around a round table with another guy who looked rather weak and feminine.

The two chatted and laughed, drinking wine and enjoying women servicing them.

"Hahaha brother, you have got quite the tongue, it's always fun to come here and drink with you." Butcher laughed loudly, gulping another glass of wine.

"T- T- The p- p- pleasure is m- m- mi- mine." The leader of wolves, Xander was a stammerer.

"Anyway, I came here specifically to deliver a news. Don't go to Linden now, not only has it already emptied but only strong groups remain there now."

Then leaning forward with a big smile he added:

"And last time I was returning, I saw a bunch of people crossing the bridge. I tossed a woman and awakened the sleeping mutant, hahaha their expressions were priceless, the bridge broke though."

Xander elbowed the short guy standing beside him, who was busy chugging the wine.

He was called Junior and because of his special ability, he could read Xander's mind and became his spoke person.

"Do- oo wiii" Xander spoke strangely, but Junior nodded and wiped his mouth.

"Boss is saying, I understand, I already planned to visit Riverdel anyway." Junior spoke.

"Hehe this guy sure is handy but talking directly to you is more fun, oh right, it was a pity but that group had six or seven women and all of them were top notch sigh"

Butcher truly felt regretful at killing them all.

Just seeing a faint glimpse of their faces had enchanted him.

"ooh iiee boo" Xander spoke, and elbowed Junior.

"Boss says, I have a few women here, you can take them if you want." Junior spoke.

"It is fine, anyway, I would like to get a batch of wolves if they are ready, otherwise I will come back later." Butcher said and stood up.

"Yeah the next batch is not ready yet." Junior spoke hurriedly.

After exchanging few more words, butcher left and Xander walked out of the room, gazing at all his slaves.

A pleasurable glint in his eyes while Junior drowned in liquor.

***

Vritra and his wives remained locked in their apartment for several hours, and only after they were completely exhausted did the activity inside pause.

After resting and eating, they finally decided to leave the building.

It was already turning dark outside, Shitless and Onest like always were bickering among themselves.

While Vritra finally saw the messages he had missed the previous day in his hurry.

[You have obtained Mind Eye Ascension Path!]

"Hmm Mind eye? Ascension path? What is that now?" Vritra frowned and waited for a response he knew was coming.

"After your mutation reaches 100%, you select a particular direction for your further evolution which should be similar to your original ability. One would need the Ascension path after they hit the growth limit."

Divine explained, it was obvious that these ascension paths could only be obtained after defeating special creatures.

"I see, but my ability is related to blood and the second one is evolution itself, will it even suit me?" he questioned.

"It will, you can wait or use it, you will have more options too. But with your Evomorph, you can have multiple ascension paths, so just wait until all your stats have reached 100." Divine advised.

"Alright, thanks." He replied, after that test in which he saved Teresa, Divine had been quite helpful.

After his talk he explained the ascension path thing to his wife, though he was still not perfectly clear how it worked.

They continued walking according to the map, and saw they arrived on a street which seemed different than the map.

"Huh? Looks like the planet really has changed in geography, the survivors are hidden so it is difficult to find them." Vritra sighed.

Thanks to Maeve's ability, they had no problem moving.

The snowfall had completely stopped at some point while they were trapped in the military base.

And it looked like the ice was starting to melt little by little.

"It doesn't look like there are any mutants in that building, so there must be survivors." Fiona pointed and spoke.

"Or maybe a powerful mutant." Yennefer added.

"Let's check it."

The group changed their direction and quickly arrived close to the building.

The windows were all covered and nothing inside could be seen, so there really were survivors.

"Don't attack unless they do so first." Vritra said before entering the building.

Of course there was no one at the first floor and the stairs had been properly blocked using wires and metallic pipes.

But they couldn't stop them, using just a little of his strength, Vritra easily created the way.

Inside the building, few people who had been guarding the lower floor were alerted.

A couple of them ran back to inform others while the others stood in the darkness to stop the intruder, whether human or mutant.

"Stop right there!" the voice of a man rang out, he seemed to be holding some weapon.

"Hey, we have no ill intention-" Vritra took a step forward and tried speaking calmly.

"Stop you bastards, did that stammerer Xander send you here to get more food for your wolves?!!" an angry female voice sounded next.

Within minutes, dozens of figures had gathered on the other end of the stairs.

They all seemed ready to attack, but from their words, it didn't seem they were scums.

So Vritra didn't attack and spoke again:

"I am not from the wolves or Big Bang Colony, I have come here from Doven and I just want to know the way towards the wolves base."

His words surprised the other side but they didn't lower their guard and looked suspiciously.

"And what matter you have with wolves, if you really are not a member? Do you want to join them?" another middle aged woman asked.

"No, I need to clean up the human scum, just tell me the directions and I will leave." Vritra added.

"Hah as if you bunch can take them all down, they are not human they are worse than even those mutants, those disgusting things." A woman muttered.

"If you really want to find them, then head towards that big hospital in the distance. Their base is located underground but if you get close I am sure he will appear to trick you."

The man from earlier spoke, though wondering if these guys were trying to play a trick.

Vritra narrowed his eyes, he could even see the man's heart in the darkness, checking if he was lying.

"Okay, thank you. See, that was easy." Then he turned and left.

The group lingered around for a bit longer, but Vritra really was gone.

"Do you think he is really going to fight the wolves? It isn't another of their trick right?"

"Why don't I go and trail them secretly? I will know if they were lying or not." A woman said.

"Sure but be careful, though with your ability no one will even notice you."

Right away, the woman ran down and disappeared outside, then they repaired the entrance and just stayed there.

The woman's ability didn't make her invisible but her presence turned so low that even if she stands before someone they would just ignore her.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios