Chapter 100: Dawn Minion

BOB 2 had finally made its escape from the dust entrapment, and like a mad bull, it charged towards the weak Vritra, about to kill him on impact.

But this time, the situation had changed.

"EXHUME!!"

******

Back in the capital, it was already night. Most of the people had returned to their rooms.

Vanessa was quite lonely and upset; she wanted to be with Vritra so badly. She barely ate any food before reading the book that Vritra used to read sometimes, then went to bed and closed her eyes.

Not far away, Fiona lay on the bed, her mind a complete mess. She forcefully shoved Vritra out of her mind and wondered why Max seemed so different and distant. Fiona felt that things couldn’t continue like that, so she decided to go and meet him.

She walked out of her room and towards Max, whose room was quite close to hers, but before she could arrive near his room, she heard the faint sound of someone talking. The voices were familiar, though she ignored them at first, but Max’s name made her halt as she decided to listen secretly for a bit.

...

Tyler and Jace had looks of shame on their faces. They never knew Vritra was actually so evil; they had goosebumps just thinking about the things they had to do just to survive. If he wasn’t so scary, they would never have done something like that.

"Do we really have to do this?" Tyler asked. His fat cheeks jiggled as he regretted the day he became friends with Max. He stood close to the door and kept looking outside.

"Do you think we have a choice? Damnit, this is so disgusting. I wish we could just run away from here," Jace mumbled, but he was too scared of Vritra.

"Oh!! She is actually coming. How did Vritra know she would pass by? He really is a great demon. Fuck, we really got ourselves in trouble," Tyler cursed as he left the door slightly open and ran back to the bed, while the fat on his body jumped up and down.

"Forget it, there is no use crying. Let’s start the act, not that we have a choice," Jace said and began to speak loudly just as Fiona was about to pass by their room.

...

"Hehe Max called me yesterday again. He is calling me often," Tyler’s voice came out of the room, as Fiona frowned, wondering if they were planning something.

"Damn, so you ran without me again? Don’t forget to call me next time when he calls you. Sigh, I like when it is the three of us together," Jace said, his voice sounding dreamy.

Fiona’s frown deepened as she did her best not to think anything was weird with their conversation. She clenched her hands and just stood there.

"Mmmm this time I will go first, I love tasting him and after that when he enters me—" Fiona felt her heart suddenly stop, and her eyes widened. She had the urge to beat the two up and stop their nonsense. They were speaking badly about Max.

There is no way he would be doing something like that. She was completely sure that these two were either talking about some other Max or just joking around.

Fiona wanted to go inside and ask about it, but in the end, she didn’t. First, she was afraid that her fear might really come true, second, because she doubted they would tell her the truth.

’Just why do things keep getting weird? I will talk to Max some other time and tell him what these two were saying behind his back. I can’t believe they could badmouth him like that.’ Feeling angry and a slight bit of doubt, she stomped her feet on the ground and walked back towards her room.

Jace and Tyler continued to pretend for a while longer and only after they were sure did they relax. Both of them were disgusted by their own words, but this was just the first half of their plan. They still needed to do one more thing, which was even scarier.

The two boys shared their misery, crying at what their future held; if Max were to know exactly what they were saying behind his back, he would definitely thunder them to death.

******

In the Dunshire Kingdom, there is an assassin organisation that has a hundred percent completion record. The name, Dawn Minion, is famous all across the kingdom; the number one assassination group whose leader could match the late Golden Knight.

It is said that the leader of the Dawn Minion is the secret guard of the king, but that’s only rumors. The assassin organisation has several tiers for their missions.

Tier 1 deals with people up to level 100, tier 2 for people up to 200, tier 3 for up to 300, and so on up to the 7th tier. The leader only deals with a few people when enough price is paid; only he could deal with the 8th tier.

Most people knew the name Dawn Minion, but not many knew how to approach them. Even their main base was hidden. They took requests from various places and always killed whoever the target was, as long as the king or people around him were not targeted.

Away from the capital, in a bustling street where even night looked so bright with all the lighting setup across the long street, people roamed the market.

But underneath that place exists the main base of the Dawn Minion. Recently, they had received an order from someone very important—a leader from the Nine Pacts.

Even the king has to be extremely humble in front of those people, not to mention the leader of this assassin organisation. The target was quite weak and was close to level 100, but because this was a request from such an important person, to complete even such a small mission, they had planned to send a big group of people.

More than twenty people from the third tier were selected, and even two people from the fourth tier. It was an overkill, but they couldn’t make any mistakes. They were ordered not only to take care of Vritra but also to make him speak anything that he is hiding.

Inside one of the rooms that was connected with the main hall, an assassin at tier five who was managing this special task sat on a chair with a group of people standing in front of them.

Over twenty five tier 3 and two tier 4 stood in the room. The fifth tier assassin frowned slightly as he looked at all the members and asked, "What do you mean he just disappeared?"

"Yes, he was locked on by our tracker and we were tracking his location, but this morning he just suddenly disappeared. And since then we haven’t been able to locate him. What should we do next?" the tier four assassin replied.

"Hmm, seems like this target might not be as simple as we thought, but it is the number one rule of the Dawn Minion: Never underestimate our targets.

In any case, we have two things to do: get some information out of him, and then kill him." the leader spoke.

__________

Thanks for reading...