Chapter 556 Threat

"Finding that realm wouldn't be hard with that treasure, but you really have to be careful once you are inside," Yasmine said. Only Vritra was capable enough to head inside.

If any of them went in, then they would certainly be lost or get severely injured.

"Alright." Vritra nodded and handed the glass ball to Yasmine.

Fiona and Teresa stood to the side, not interacting at all with one another.

The dragoness walked closer to a crystal embedded into the wall beside the portal. She injected mana into it, and within moments the portal came to life.

But currently, it was connected to a different realm.

"Hubby, I will be changing the portal destination quickly. Be ready, go inside once this tornado enters," Yasmine explained, before crushing the glass ball.

But the tornado didn't go rampant. She kept it under control with her energy and made it drift towards the portal.

Instantly, the tornado started trying to enter the portal, as if trying to go back home.

"I am ready." Vritra said, as he stood just beside the tornado.

Taking a deep breath, Yasmine focused all her attention on the crystal, using it to change the destinations rapidly.

They were going through each and every location this portal had connected to before.

Hundreds of locations changed each second. Without that tornado, it would have taken them a very long time to enter and check each dimension.

Vritra's fists were clenched. He was ready to launch forward like a spring at full speed as he pressed down on the space behind him.

This was his closest chance at finding Yennefer, and if she really was in there, then he would find her no matter what.

'I need to look for that tiny piece of the love pill…'

Vritra remembered the scene he had seen in that werewolf's crystal ball. He wasn't exactly sure how it was related to Yennefer's location, but that was a lead for now.

A few tense moments passed. Hundreds upon hundreds of locations had already been changed.

Suddenly, at one of the locations, the tornado passed through the portal.

Vritra wasted no time. Before the next location could be changed, he headed inside.

Yasmine stopped hastily. Her proficiency wasn't too high in space, but it was more than enough to remember the location of the realm he had entered.

For now, she kept it locked. Otherwise, the tornadoes might escape.

…

Right after entering, Vritra found himself in a slightly dark space. There were countless tornadoes wreaking havoc all over the place.

They were masses of energy that were even distorting space and time. This realm was way too dangerous.

Even for Vritra, some of the strongest tornadoes might be enough to hurt him, or so he felt.

Finding a tiny piece of a pill in such a large space was certainly going to be very difficult.

At full speed, he flew forward, letting his senses spread far and wide.

'Yenni, where are you?'

…

Outside the portal, the three women could only wait. They weren't even sure if there was a time difference in that realm.

Yasmine received messages from her kingdom asking for her help with something, but for now she ignored all of it.

Before long, even Vanessa, Maeve, and Diana arrived there.

The group was ready for any sort of situation, just hoping Vritra managed to find her.

***

Monk Shitless, who had injured some random guy a couple of days ago, received a message from Vritra.

Unfortunately, he wasn't able to attend the wedding. After escaping from the market, he met with Onest.

They were both told that Vritra had a surprise for them, so together, seated on Bullo's back, they were heading to the Yate realm.

"What do you think he has planned for us?" Onest asked. He was scared of such surprises from that devil.

"Maybe I am finally going to become the ruler of all the evil forces and create chaos everywhere!" Shitless imagined how great that would be.

"But why are those guys chasing us?" Onest looked behind and saw a group of four chasing after them.

One was Jack, second Raino, then Shorty, and finally the prophet girl who ran like a zombie.

"Oh, them? I accidentally made that guy explode and turned him bald. Ignore him."

Bullo ran at full speed. Jack could have caught the bull, but he had to be careful not to accidentally kill the surrounding people.

'That bastard, I am going to kill him!! My hair, I have put so much effort into it… t- they are gone!!' Jack felt like crying. After that explosion, he wasn't hurt.

But he was left completely naked and without any hair in the middle of the market, and someone even dared to spread posters of him after that.

Gritting his teeth, Jack felt that he had to kill Shitless today, or he wouldn't be a man.

Pushing against the ground, he leapt forward, jumping high into the air.

But midway, a portal opened and he flew directly inside it. The other members of his group stopped in bafflement.

While Bullo ran away, disappearing into the distance.

"W- Where did he go? Why does that bastard keep entering secret realms all the time and get treasures?" Raino cursed. He had only come with Jack to obtain some benefit.

But every time, only Jack benefitted while they barely survived.

"S- Should we enter?" Shorty asked, jumping to get ready like Mario.

Before they could, however, a figure appeared out of the portal. A big creature with a dinosaur-like face came out, holding Jack by the throat.

The people around were all frightened as they fled in all directions.

Raino and the other two did the same. Who cared about that self-proclaimed hero?

Drino looked around, sensing the presence of his target, but it was too faint.

'Thankfully Divine couldn't interfere, or I would never have dared to try to kidnap his sister.' Drino thought as he tossed the unconscious Jack away.

The hero was so frightened that a patch of liquid could be seen on his pants.

Instead of going out to search for her and getting further suppressed by the rules of this planet, Drino headed to the location where he was sure she would go very soon.

***

Vritra continued to fly around. Several tornadoes struck his body, but nothing could get past Loop and Atomic.

He tried not to get close to the most destructive tornadoes for now. Those would be the last places he would check.

Hours upon hours flew by. The realm was quite big, and even after a whole three days, Vritra was yet to find even a clue.

But neither did he slow down nor did he give up. His determination only grew. She had to be here.

A few more hours went by, and finally Vritra sensed something. The bracelet around his arm buzzed slightly.

It was given to him by Yennefer, which previously belonged to her parents.

She was wearing one before, but wouldn't it have been destroyed?

Ignoring the questions, Vritra flew towards the direction where the buzzing got stronger.

Soon, he started to sense a familiar presence. It was definitely Yennefer.

'She is close!!'

Finally so close to finding her, Vritra increased his speed and soon found the tiny piece of the love pill.

'Fuck…'

After flying for over three days straight, he finally came to a halt.

❖❖❖