Chapter 149: Contagious Calmness

"I heard something happened while you were completing your mission. Did someone from the Nine Pacts or those demon generals see you?" one of the nine men asked, looking at the devil-masked man whose name was ’Blunder’.

Blunder was given the task to lead this small team of ten and cause problems in the plans of all the groups acting in this kingdom, creating conflict between them. That was how they would be able to reap the benefits in the end and get a lot of new sacrifices.

"No, it wasn’t anyone from those groups. All of them are too busy with their own work. Keke, it was a fresh face. He arrived right when I was about to leave," Blunder replied. He twirled one of his fingers in the air, and something glistening could be seen on top of it.

"Did he see you? Did you kill him?" another man from the Bone Blood Cult asked with his brows raised.

"No and no, but he must have noticed me. Anyway, all the players have already entered the battlefield. It’s time for us to start controlling everything from behind," Blunder said as he stared intently at the tip of his finger.

"Are we going to go with our original plans?" one of the nine men asked. All of them were crazy, but Blunder was a psycho on just another level. He would go to any length to torture someone in every possible way once he had locked his eyes on them. All of them shivered as they saw their leader’s lips turn into a twisted smile.

"No, I plan on doing something even more interesting."

After a pause, he asked, "Nine Pacts... how long before they arrive close to this capital? And who among the top powers would come to investigate the murder of Aldric?"

"The Nine Pacts’ team will be here in about a day, or maybe less. As for the investigation, it should most probably be Golden Moon, but they wouldn’t be here until a few days have passed," answered one of the men.

"That’s a pity. I guess the only participants in this war would be Nine Pacts, Demon Generals, our cult, and him," Blunder said while showing the tip of his finger to everyone.

"Huh? Who is that?" one of them asked.

"Just a very interesting person," Blunder said as he glanced outside and watched the three carriages leave. His smile became even more twisted, as if his cheeks would be ripped in the next moment.

The drop of Vritra’s sweat glistened on his fingertip—the one thing that was going to create quite a bit of trouble for him and also make him quite popular by the end.

Back in the carriage, the four people chatted calmly and enjoyed this wonderful trip.

Diana was calm because she believed Vritra must be joking when he said so many enemies were chasing them. Seeing Vritra so calm, she also became calm.

Fiona was calm because she was the one who knew the least about the situation. Though Vritra had informed her about Alfred’s death and that strong enemies would be chasing them, seeing the two strongest people in their group—Vritra and Diana—being so calm, she obviously felt safe and completely relaxed. Even Vanessa, who should be around her level, didn’t seem nervous, so why should she be nervous or anxious?

Vanessa was calm as well. Though she knew the danger was high, she doubted that if it were something unsolvable, then her son and the goddess wouldn’t be so calm. So she acted as if everything was normal.

On the other hand, Vritra was surprised that despite knowing the dangers of their situation, the three women could still remain so calm. So as a man, how could he be the one to show fear? Whatever might come, they would face it—and so Vritra acted calm to raise everyone’s morale.

Only Yasmine was going crazy over the situation. The danger level this time was so much higher. They were literally facing a few of the most dangerous organizations and even a crazy cult, while their journey had barely begun. She wondered why no one in the group seemed anxious.

Happy happy and calm calm trip continued on its merry way, collecting sin points and making people envious all the way.

Soon, the three women went to bed. Vanessa and Diana had noticed how Fiona looked at Vritra. They knew she was experiencing the joy of her first love and had already fallen far too deep for him.

Diana didn’t have any problem with this—she was just Vritra’s maid, so whoever he wanted to be with, he could.

While Vanessa supported her son unconditionally in whatever he did—even if it was raise a goddess as his slave or take this beautiful redhead as his woman—she would even push the two closer. Of course, that didn’t mean their relationship would change again. They had already formed a lifelong bond and were husband and wife.

Vritra watched the three women go to sleep. He had already closed the window as he lay down on his bed as well, staring at the ceiling of the carriage.

’I wonder if it will happen tonight or after a day or maybe later,’ Vritra wondered. One thing he knew for sure was they wouldn’t be able to leave this place so easily.

"If I’m not wrong, then tonight should be safe, but soon there would be a big mess in this kingdom, and we just might be at the centre of it." Yasmine laughed at the absurdity of the situation. Of course, after seeing his skill, anyone would get interested in Vritra—not to mention those crazy cultists who are always looking around to find something more interesting and insane.

’Sigh, it would be better if they arrive after the Divine Sin Arrow is merged. It’s taking too damn long. This thing better be satisfying, or I will shove another arrow up its ass.’ Vritra looked at the level-up message before closing his eyes.

The night really passed rather peacefully. The carriage stopped only for a couple of short breaks and continued to move towards the Blue Kingdom.

Vritra barely opened the window and looked outside to earn his daily sin points when the carriages moved through the crowded parts. He closed the window when they were passing through the forest paths.

The guards in the first carriage were quite bored. It was a long journey, and they weren’t even taking many breaks. But being bored was much better than getting their blood pumped before getting killed.

The twenty guards sat in the carriage and looked outside. Right now, they were passing through the forest area, and there were no people around for at least a few miles.

"Huh? Why is the third carriage separating from us?" one of the guards spoke up, gathering the others’ attention as he pointed outside.

The third carriage, which was empty, had changed its path and moved into the forest for some reason. The guards were confused, but they kept their questions to themselves and just stayed idle until the need arose.

"I wonder what they are planning." Another guard glanced back at the carriage behind them, which had even its windows shut for several hours, unlike usual.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...