Chapter 213: Fraud Goddess

Vritra pondered for a moment. The Grieves really had been moving around too much; things might get really troublesome if their goals truly aligned.

It isn’t a good thing to become enemies with literally everything in the world, and little is known about the Grieves, so it was better to avoid them. But he also didn’t want to give up on the Mythic Halo.

"Anything else?" he asked after a few seconds.

"...Blunder ran off to the White Kingdom, and Nine Pacts is about to double down on their research. I heard Faceless say they are quite close to achieving their objective. He even wanted us to deliver him lots of humans, demons, and other creatures," Thaddeus spoke after thinking for a while.

"Hmm. Alright, you can leave now," Vritra finally said while shooing them away with his hand, as the three generals fled instantly.

’Very soon I will have three new slaves, very powerful ones at that. Before that, I need to increase Yasmine’s and Nihil-Anima’s strength, and for that, I need a lot of soul potions or some sort of soul treasure.’

Vritra pondered as he continued to scan his surroundings through his third eye and made sure that Vanessa and the others were fine.

"It is better to give up on the Mythic Halo than to be chased by the Grieves, especially at your current strength.

Those things could even kill beings stronger than them with their strange abilities and the help of Glyphs," Yasmine cautioned. She had previously had conflicts with the Grieves too — that’s why she knew how annoying they could be.

"Haa. I will decide based on the situation. If it really seems impossible, then I would rather give up on it than get Mom and the others involved," Vritra sighed. With his luck, he was sure their target would most probably be the same.

Dark Knight and the others were still continuously absorbing the Demon Lord’s energy. They had absorbed nearly half of the energy, and things were finally starting to get a bit tense. Their strength was increasing rapidly, but so was the danger.

Vritra just hoped the three soul wraiths could make it to the end, and by the time they completely removed any lingering traces of the Demon Lord Voromir Zuke, the labyrinth would collapse on its own and the three demon generals would finally believe him.

"Anyway, it is time to hunt. Nine Pacts shouldn’t be bothering me for now—or so I hope. The three demon generals and Blunder are also away, so all I have to deal with is the king for now." He thought and flew in a different direction, aiming for a new prey.

"Ah right, I forgot to turn off the Shift," Vritra remembered, and deactivated his OP ability.

Instantly, he felt as if more than 75% of his combat strength had suddenly disappeared; only less than a quarter remained, though it was not as bad as he had expected.

"Now I just need to wait and see how long this weakness lasts. This is the only bad side of the Shift, but I guess it is what it is," Vritra mumbled and began to fly.

After a short time, the weakness disappeared completely and his strength was restored to full. He calculated and found that the time taken was nearly as long as he had kept the ability activated.

"Not bad. So, how does it feel to have two sugar mommies? Mutamorphic and Divine Sin Wheel. Hehe, hubby, I guess I will be your third sugar mommy. Aren’t you lucky to get me?" she spoke in a mischievous tone.

"Yeah yeah, how lucky of me. I must have been a saint in my previous life and had done countless good deeds to get you as my wife," Vritra replied in a dramatic tone.

The two continued to talk playfully as Vritra hunted for more demons and fed whatever he killed to Bobby.

***

Ghost and Ghoul were protecting the three women while also going out one by one to hunt some strong demons and bring them back when they were barely alive. This whole act would give the three women experience in fighting but also increase their level rapidly.

Fiona held a magic staff that increased her firepower by several times. Vanessa held two knives and moved around agilely—she could easily make any demon light-headed with her special ability.

Diana chose a staff too, since she was afraid of getting dirty from the blood of the demons, and stabbing them with her own hand felt disgusting. So she was just supporting the team from behind, sending destruction energy balls at the right time.

Fiona realized that fighting in such an environment was much better than the training they had been receiving inside the Dunshire Kingdom. Even though there were still protectors to keep them safe, this whole thing seemed more real.

"Sigh. Fighting sure is tiring. My hands have become all red," Diana said as she sent another holy energy attack flying at the demon that Fiona and Vanessa were fighting closely.

Fiona didn’t want to fight like Diana. She was more of a direct combatant. One side of her staff had a sharp blade, so it was more like a spear. She used slashing, stabbing, and firepower perfectly just after some practice.

"We have barely fought for ten minutes and you are just standing in one position. How is it tiring for you?" Vanessa asked as the demon froze for a moment because of her ability, and she slashed at its chest right at that moment.

"A-Anyway, about Vritra... do you think he hates me?" Diana asked hesitantly, looking at the two women uncertainly.

"HATE?!!" Vanessa and Fiona both snapped at her. They were holding their anger against her since Vritra had said not to hurt her too much. She had tried to kill the person they loved the most, so how could they not be angry at this goddess?

In a fit of rage, both of them abandoned their opponent and sent attacks hurtling toward the goddess, who was taken aback and barely put up a defense to protect herself.

Thankfully, her level was still much higher than the two women, so she was able to protect herself.

Meanwhile, Ghoul stopped the demon just in time to prevent it from attacking Fiona and Vanessa from behind.

"I would have really cut you to pieces if you weren’t already my son’s slave. Do you think you will be forgiven for hurting my son?" Vanessa’s voice thundered as she sent several more attacks at her.

"You stupid useless fraud goddess. Weren’t you supposed to protect us all? Because of your greed, you even tried to kill my darling, and you still call yourself a goddess?

You are more of a demon than the demons themselves! Remove that barrier and let me hit you!" Fiona shouted, attacking the goddess again and again.

Diana really regretted asking that question—it was like she had awakened two sleeping lionesses.

The goddess knew that she was in the wrong, and she really regretted her decision at that time. So, while asking for their forgiveness, she received their attacks, looking on the verge of tears.

Ghost and Ghoul glanced at one another, wondering what was going on with these women. They didn’t understand why they had started fighting all of a sudden.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...