Chapter 372: The Succubus Princess

"You two need to change your appearance and stay in the temple, you would be much safer," Vritra said, looking at Shitless and Onest.

Though if they wanted to venture on their own in this new continent, they were free to do so.

"Alright, I am always ready for situations like these," Onest said, and using an appearance glyph, his appearance completely changed to that of a middle-aged man.

"..." Shitless hesitated, then took out the only appearance glyph in his possession and transformed into Sonia.

"Ohhh! Shit—you look beautiful," Onest said while laughing.

"Shut up, I am Sonia," Shitless said before asking, "How do we contact you in case of any emergency?"

"Just shout my name. If I am nearby I might come to check, though it would be better if you two could just settle together here in the temple," Vritra replied as he turned to leave.

He hoped they wouldn’t put themselves into too much trouble.

"How unexpected for a city of succubus to exist in the middle of Ghazi City. It is impossible that they could stay here without anyone knowing," Diana pondered as the three headed towards the city of Charms.

"Yeah, they must have formed some sort of agreement or possess something to stop others. Anyway, let’s go see that place," Vritra said.

They quickly arrived near the entrance of the rundown house.

Just as they started climbing down the stairs, they only saw endless darkness, and even after crossing a few hundred stairs they couldn’t arrive anywhere.

"Looks like this is a formation. We can break it, but it would be better if they welcome us on their own," Yasmine said, and Vritra contacted his mother.

Vanessa, at this moment, was meeting the princess, who was the younger sister of the late succubus empress.

After finding that Vanessa is an Empress candidate, the princess’s behaviour towards her became more respectful and warm.

While talking, Vanessa got to know many things.

The princess had long black hair and a doll-like face. She looked really beautiful and hot, dressed in a white dress, she looked quite graceful.

"Have you already formed a connection with a man?" the princess asked, narrowing her eyes.

"Yes." Vanessa nodded. She had finally understood what that feeling of being called was.

"Sigh. Who is it? Is he aware of your real identity?" the princess questioned, her brows furrowing.

Ever since they were forced to live in this small city and a lot of the succubus were captured or a few even killed, she had come to hate all other races, especially men.

"He is—Oh, he is here!" Vanessa said before asking, "Can you allow him inside?"

"..." The princess fell into contemplation. Vanessa seemed to trust this person a lot, but it might put them all at risk.

"Let’s first go meet him," the princess said, as she observed the stairs.

Her strength was nearly at the Lord rank, so if she didn’t want, there was no way anyone could enter.

Vanessa nodded and the two, along with several other succubus, made their way towards the entrance of the city.

Vritra, Diana, and Fiona were finally able to arrive in the cave. After walking for a while, they saw the beautiful sight of the city.

"Wow, so beautiful, is this a separate realm?" Fiona asked, her eyes sparkling as she looked at the vast city where thousands of beautiful women were present.

"Yes, though this is a weaker realm, with just one entrance. Still, this place is quite safe," Diana was the one to answer.

They waited and soon a group of women appeared in front of them. Vanessa felt quite happy upon seeing Vritra; she gave him a tight embrace and stood beside him.

"She is the princess..." Vanessa quickly told him a few important things.

"Hello Princess, it’s a pleasure meeting you," Vritra said. Although she looked really charming, he wasn’t affected.

"You wish to stay here?" The princess got directly to the point, looking at him with an unfriendly gaze.

"Well yeah, temporarily," Vritra nodded. For now, his main focus was increasing strength and somehow getting through this dangerous phase.

After staring into his eyes for a while, the princess stretched her right hand towards Vritra, with her palm facing up.

"Is there an entry fee?" he asked, looking at her palm then at her face.

"Haa. Give me your hand." Sighing, the princess held her anger.

"What? That’s a rather expensive fee—oh fine, fine, here you go." Vritra stopped joking and put his palm over her soft palm.

The princess closed her eyes and remained silent for a whole ten minutes.

Finally, she gave him another long, hard look before saying, "Fine, you three can stay here as well for now, but you would better be careful not to bring any trouble here."

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +589}

{Sin Point Gained: Liked +589}

{Sin Point Gained: Seduced +589}

...

"I will do my best," Vritra nodded seriously. He looked to the side and saw hundreds of succubus who had come out of their houses, as waves of sin points rushed in.

’This is a nice place to farm sin points, but let’s do that later.’ It was already getting late. First, they were brought to a house by one of the warriors.

Most of the women here had never seen men, so they kept looking at him with interest and something more...

A succubus’s lifespan is several centuries normally, as they level up they live even longer.

And when it comes to having a child, they don’t even need to get intimate with a man; through a skill they could absorb a man’s essence without even touching him, and could have the child.

Soon the four entered a nice spacious house. After arranging a few things, they had dinner.

Vritra planned to stay a couple of days there to know more about this place, before going to find the Zihong’s inheritance.

After dinner, they strolled casually over the streets. Without even doing anything, Vritra was gathering a lot of sin points.

In his original appearance, he looked exceptionally handsome, easily making these girls and women fall.

"Yes, this place is perfectly safe. Not only have they formed a contract with the emperors but the late succubus Queen had made some arrangements before passing away," Vanessa explained.

All the women bowed towards her respectfully; her status in this place was already equivalent to the princess.

"That’s good, but did you find anything else?" Vritra asked, as he and Yasmine carefully observed the surroundings and the people.

No matter what, it was impossible to just trust anyone.

"...Yeah, before the selection of any Queen there is a sort of test, which would also help me increase my strength tremendously," Vanessa added, slightly hesitant to tell him since it was a dangerous path.

"Oh, and what is the ’but’ here?" Vritra asked, knowing nothing could be so easy in this world.

"When the previous Succubus Queen entered, another candidate was there along with her.

Only one was able to survive, though when she came out her strength was a lot higher," Vanessa replied.

"..." After a brief silence, Vritra nodded and said, "Let’s first find out more about all this before coming to a decision."

To remove the tense atmosphere, after arriving at home, the group started intense group training like before.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...