Chapter 119: Sponge

Vritra and the tall assassin walked into an exquisite office. It was clean and luxurious, unlike the large hall they had just been in. After entering, the tall man sat on a big, comfortable chair and gestured for Vritra to sit in front of him.

"Now, tell me, why do you want to hire the entire Dawn Minion?" the tall assassin asked.

"Before we go to that topic, I’m curious about a few things." Vritra raised two of his fingers and sat calmly.

"...Ask away." The tall man frowned slightly under his mask and nodded. Since Vritra was an important customer, he needed to pamper him a bit, and it was normal to have some doubts if the mission was this big.

"How many members do you have in your organization?" Vritra asked, putting down one finger.

"More than a thousand," the tall man replied vaguely.

"And in case of emergency, how do you gather every single member of the Dawn Minion? Like from the top leader to the very last member? Is there a way to call them in a short time?" Vritra asked, putting down the other finger.

"..." The tall man narrowed his eyes for a moment, but sensing Vritra’s weak aura, he didn’t think for a moment that he could be attacked. And since this information wasn’t a top secret, he nodded and replied, "Yes, there is a way. We have a signal that could only be used in case of maximum danger, which will summon every assassin of the Dawn Minion, even the leader."

"Whoa, can I see it? I mean, the object you use to send such a signal?" Vritra asked, slightly leaning forward and showing intrigue.

"..." The tall man was about to refuse, but Vritra instantly added:

"If you show it to me, I will add an extra thirty percent to whatever fee we agree on—and give you a big secret about the Nine Pacts and Golden Moon."

Now he was tempted. The tall man began to ponder while holding his chin. If it was just showing him, then it should be fine, right? Not to mention the large amount of extra money—that kind of information could be very helpful in their business.

"Sigh, fine. But you can’t tell anyone ever about this, alright?" he asked, then pulled out a blue cube with three or so centimeters of side length.

"Yes, definitely. I’m just very curious." Vritra looked at the cube with interest. He had seen one when he had married Yasmine, in that dream. The demon lord had pulled a cube and used Demon God’s energy from it.

He decided to ask Yasmine about it later on.

After a slight hesitation, the tall man pulled out a fist sized spherical glass ball from the cube. The sphere seemed to be filled with a bright white light— it looked like nothing more than a decorative item.

"Wow, that looks pretty. Is this really the tool to summon everyone?" Vritra asked, gazing at the glass ball.

"Yes. By crushing this, I can send the danger signal to everyone. This is for the highest threat level signal," the tall man replied in a flat tone. With the way he was holding it, the sphere indeed seemed quite important.

"Oh, I have something like that too," Vritra said just as the tall man was about to put the ball away. He halted and looked at this pretty boy curiously.

Without wasting a moment, Vritra took out a similar sized sphere— except it was dark in color with fog rising around its body, and it had a metallic surface.

"What is tha—" the tall man was about to speak, but Vritra interrupted him.

"See for yourself." After speaking, he lazily threw the ball at the tall man, who was a bit surprised at first but then stretched his hand to catch it.

WHOOSH

All of a sudden, just mid motion, the speed of the dark metallic ball increased exponentially and it curved in the air.

CRACK

First, it tore through the right hand that was holding the glass sphere, breaking it at the same time. Then the metallic sphere—or rather Bobby—pierced through his throat and came out the back of his neck. All of it happened way too fast.

{Sin Point Gained: Paralyzed +1}

"Ughhhh COUGH COUGH"

The tall man was frozen for a moment, his mind unable to understand the sudden changes. Then blood flooded out of his throat as he coughed violently and tightly held his throat, his eyes widening in shock and fear.

At the same time, the white light from the broken sphere was released—and it just vanished.

In the next moment, the token that was lying inside the tall man’s clothes began to buzz heavily and glow.

"I don’t think that would be enough to kill him. Bobby, continue," Vritra commanded, waving away the thin wall of dust that had appeared in front of him to block off the blood.

"Forbid: Agility."

[Forbidden Activated.]

After speaking, he stood up and began to walk around the office, casually looking at the things there.

The tall man held his throat tightly and could do nothing else. It was like his body was moving extremely slowly—just waving his arm would take a minute or more.

Light flashed in his eyes and that dangerous ball appeared once again. It moved way too fast. In an instant, Bobby moved back and forth, piercing through the tall man’s body again and again.

WHOOSH WHOOSH WHOOSH

Blood kept flowing out of his body, as within moments his body was riddled with dozens of holes. He had truly been turned into a sponge.

"Oh, they are fast. So many of them are already here." Vritra stretched his arms and neck, then took out the Axes of Chaos. He wouldn’t feel satisfied if Bobby was the only one to have all the fun.

"Let’s start the slaughter—only this time, with humans." Vritra’s smile stretched across his face, a dense killing intent bursting out of his body.

Already, hundreds of people were about to charge into the office. It seemed the signal even showed the exact location where it was activated.

By now, Bobby was done with its work. It floated around Vritra, ready to act whenever it was ordered. But with his armor—who could harm Vritra in this place?

"Killllll!! The signal came from the 2nd office! Charge, everyone!!"

"The highest level threat! Brothers, Dawn Minion is facing a crisis—let’s join hands and get rid of the danger together!"

Such shouts rang out from the outside. Vritra glanced back at the tall man who was on the verge of death, gaping holes present all over his body.

He was about to die. Vritra called out Hellmancer and ordered it to collect the souls of all the people. Then he didn’t wait for the attackers as he walked toward the doors. He casually hit the doors with the hammer side of his axe, and they exploded into pieces.

Then he walked out—in front of an army of more than five hundred men.

Their levels ranged from above 100 to over 500, while more of them kept charging in from the outside.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +537}

{Sin Point Gained: Locked on +538}

{Sin Point Gained: Surprised +541}

_____________

Thanks for reading...