Chapter 336: KNOCK KNOCK

The sound of an explosion rang in the forest. The bodies of both fighters were thrown back, striking several trees before finally coming to a stop.

The knife had plunged deeply into the heart of the red RipMaw as it began to release painful wails, thrashing around on the ground before finally going limp.

Yet this was not enough to kill it.

The body of the abomination began to change slowly, the knife was being pushed away, and soon it would be back to its peak.

On the other hand, Vritra was barely conscious, all his accumulated injuries taking their toll on his body.

Most serious injuries were on his abdomen, chest, and back, though his arms and legs were also badly hurt with several deep cuts.

Each breath made his throat burn, excruciating pain shooting through his chest as the adrenaline rush finally ended.

Staring up at the misty sky, Vritra coughed blood, unable to gather any strength in his body.

’I’m... so tired.’ Vritra’s eyes were half-closed and covered with blood, making his sight even more unclear.

Taking a deep breath forcefully, Vritra used the Nether eye to see the red abomination and found that not only was it not dead yet, but very soon the creature would be back for another round.

’Damn. Should I give up?’

A thought appeared in his mind for a moment. Rather than enduring all this pain and suffering, it would be so much easier to just give up and get a faster death.

But there was no way he could ever do that; it wasn’t his own life that was at stake here.

Yasmine, Fiona, Vanessa, Diana, and even Yennifer—his disappearance would be disastrous for them all. Not to mention, Zengis and his girl.

Using pure willpower, Vritra gripped his fists tightly and bit his lower lip hard, pushing his body up with all his might.

Blood dripped down his body as he shakily rose to his feet, staggering and barely keeping himself up.

Dragging his body, Vritra began to move towards the immobile creature, passing by the rubble created from their hours of battle.

It took a couple of minutes for Vritra to just cross that distance.

Somehow, he managed to arrive in front of the red abomination, then he set his feet over the creature’s arm and climbed onto its chest.

Despite his effort to avoid those dangerous teeth, those sharp things still left more wounds on his body as Vritra got close to the knife.

Dropping to his knees, Vritra gazed down at the hole created by the blast earlier.

It was just a bit below the chest. Without wasting a moment, Vritra pushed his right arm into the creature’s wound, moving towards its heart, suppressing all the pain.

"D-Devour..." he muttered weakly as soon as his fingers pressed against the soft heart.

Instantly, the Sin Coin melted into thick liquid that climbed onto his arm and then covered his entire body, almost looking like a red suit before disappearing into his body.

GRRAAAAAAAAAAAA!!

The creature let out one last roar as its body began to disintegrate into tiny insects. Vritra fell down on the ground, gasping for breath, and his mind finally succumbed to injuries as he fell into an unconscious state.

In the next moment, several messages popped in front of him.

{You have cleansed one Red RipMaw!!}

{You have absorbed the Red Sin Coin.}

{You have levelled up.}

{You have levelled up.}

{You have levelled up.}

...

{Sin Coin → 210/2500}

{Evolution in process...}

Instantly, strength and energy flooded his body—all his stats increasing rapidly.

This was such a big jump that Vritra was pulled out of his unconsciousness, feeling as if electricity was coursing through his veins.

It was a comfortable and strange feeling at the same time. He had successfully reached the 3rd Legion rank!!

Every aspect of his abilities increased; even his natural healing became several times better, but it was nothing like back in the outside world.

The critical injuries he had just received would need at least three days of rest to heal.

So he won’t be able to fight even a single abomination for three to four days. It took a few minutes for the changes to finish, his overall battle prowess had increased by several times.

If he fought against the red abomination now, then he probably wouldn’t be in such a miserable state, though defeating that thing would still not be easier.

He wiped the blood over his eyes with the back of his hand. At least now he could slightly move his body around, but moving even a bit was still just as painful.

’My fight against that creature had lasted quite long, it should be past nine by now. The night has arrived, but why can’t I sense any abominations around me?

Normally, they would all leave the temple when the sky turns dark...’ Vritra thought, scanning his surroundings.

Maybe it was his good luck that no other creature was here; otherwise, his chances of winning would be zero, even with Yasmine’s help.

’I will return home in the morning, I don’t even want to move a finger right now. Yennifer must be worried, but it is dangerous to move in the night.’

He decided, and with a single thought, his body was pulled into the dimensional book.

’Wifey...’

After entering the different realm, Vritra tried calling for Yasmine, but just as he expected, there was no response.

Sighing internally, he closed his eyes and decided to take some rest.

Even speaking felt like such a chore; nonetheless, he became the winner yet another time in a game where a defeat is permanent and no second chances would be given.

The bleeding had stopped thanks to his intra shuffle skill, but the severe injuries and a slight amount of poison remained.

A few minutes passed in silence. Unlike usual, the sound of the bugs and animals could be heard—he couldn’t spot even a single RipMaw.

After twenty or so minutes, he blinked his exhausted eyes open and for some reason had a bad feeling in his heart.

All of a sudden, Vritra sensed something in the distance as his eyes widened.

The dimensional book page that he had given to Yennifer had just been used, just as he had instructed her to.

Which definitely showed that she was in danger.

"Those Cultist fuckers!!" Cursing, Vritra pushed himself off the ground as he endured the pain and left the dimensional book, landing on the ground outside.

His eyes were filled with rage as a bloody aura spread through the surroundings, his killing intent seemingly even stronger than before, crushing the debris around him.

Pressing his feet against the ground, Vritra stomped with his right leg, forming a crater there as his body shot forward, his speed despite the injuries surpassing his limits.

Yennifer had prepared the food and had been waiting for Vritra. She decided to go out and have a chat with the group of married women.

Even after the evening passed, there were no signs of Vritra returning; she felt so worried about him, feeling really uncomfortable.

Even after the sky turned dark, Vritra didn’t return. The Empress felt her body go cold and her heart getting squeezed by pain.

"Where are you... husband?" In the past few days, she had really gotten used to calling him that.

KNOCK KNOCK

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...