Chapter 720 Wiped Out!

"I- If he had the bubble ability then that must be Mentro but completely under Magna's control, already as a clone." Asmodeus spoke.

"I see, so he planned it from the beginning." Vritra now understood all of Magna's planning.

That guy wanted to use them to kill his enemy, but his ability sure was strange.

Maybe he didn't usually stay in the Renko city or just got lucky, but now he was not going to survive.

'But I doubt he would still be in the city.' Vritra thought, then looked back at Teresa.

"Tess, can we use this ship, now that the key is here?"

"Yes, but is the key willing?" she asked, an innocent smile on her face under the veil.

"Hmm I wonder, so key, are you?" Vritra too had a small smile as he looked at Asmodeus.

The arrogant, proud and strong lord shivered, he didn't know their strength but felt a single wrong decision would be the end of him.

"I- I am, I was born to be a key, d- damn lock where the fuck are you?!!" he quickly looked around but there was no flying ship.

Teresa brought back the spaceship and opened the door as they all made their way inside.

But before entering, Asmodeus didn't forget to leave a comment for his old comrades: "You bastards, you can all go to hell!!"

Soon, all of them were inside the control room, seated on the comfortable seats.

Asmodeus wasted no time as he fulfilled his duty as the key and stood to the side silently.

A part of him wanted to challenge Vritra, if only to test his strength, but he had this instinct stopping him.

"Ready, we are!" Teresa spoke, as the entire ship buzzed then let out a loud noise, it finally started.

'Whoa, they really made it work!!' Asmodeus thought, he was still sceptical about Vritra's words but it seemed that was not a lie.

Extreme heat emitted towards the blood floor, as the ship began to rise.

"Husband, are we going towards the tower?" Teresa asked excitedly.

"No, let's first go and check the Renko city." Vritra replied, he wanted to check it out.

"Alright, sit tight, everyone!" hearing her warning, all of them fastened their belts.

Teresa's seat was right near the controls, while there were over twenty seats behind.

Asmodeus quickly approached and sat on one of the seats at the back, trying to make sure his presence didn't disturb others.

'Heh this guy might be the most humble player.' Vritra chuckled seeing him, no wonder he was going around with that stupid bunch.

After reaching a certain height, the flying ship shot in the direction of the Renko city, its speed faster than anyone expected.

WHOOSH

It left behind a fiery trail, crossing several kilometres within a matter of seconds.

And within a few minutes they had actually arrived over the Renko city, the same distance that had taken them so many hours.

"This is wonderful!" Vritra exclaimed, the others were equally surprised.

"New slave, can you make one for me too?" Shitless asked, turning back to look at Asmodeus.

"Y- Yes sir, I can try but it might not work." Asmodeus replied while feeling angry that even this Baldy was acting so high.

The flying ship slowly approached the city but they all noticed several changes.

The bubble that Vritra had left was gone.

The city was full of flood water, it was a scene of complete destruction.

But more than that, Vritra couldn't sense a single life in the entire city.

He got out of the ship and flew around, seeing the marks and blood stains over the tall buildings.

It was obvious that all the humans there were killed before the bubble disappeared.

"So, Magna returned here after I left and killed them all?" Vritra's expression was solemn.

Although he wasn't really fond of the crowd there but it wasn't to the point of hating them.

It still left a bad taste that they were all just killed like that.

First that player named Sonic wiped everyone out and now this Magna.

These fucking players didn't think of life as anything, sigh the whole system was fucked up.

Floating at the top, Vritra looked down at the Renko city that was now in ruins, all lives lost.

All of them were gone, young, old, men, women, not even the kids were spared in this brutal massacre.

He was now in a bad mood.

So, that Magna guy not only ran away but killed them all before escaping.

Based on his cunning, Vritra expected that Magna wouldn't stay there, whether the plan succeeded or not.

But he was far too merciless and psychotic, the type to do anything for their goals.

'Well he didn't spare his own friend, what can be expected of him?' Vritra shook his head and flew back.

"They are all dead, and Magna is gone. These pigs are such psychos, sigh" Vritra spoke after returning to the ship.

Asmodeus's heartbeat rose, he was afraid that Vritra might kill him in rage.

He just sat there silently, hoping to disappear and not be seen.

"Let's just head towards the tower for now, maybe on the way we might find him." Vanessa spoke.

06:51

"Yeah and I can spread my shadows and master, you can spread your blood clones to search him." Maeve suggested.

"Hmm let's do that, anyway let's just head to the tower and get this game over with." He sat down, after releasing hundreds of blood clones in all directions.

Maeve also sent the shadows in different directions.

Then the ship started and flew, flying just as fast as before, although it was crazily consuming the diesel but they had way more than needed.

They passed through several cities within minutes, at such a speed within a few hours they would be near the tower.

Normally it would have taken them more than a week or two weeks, even if not more.

Vritra sat with his eyes closed, releasing spiritual bursts while letting his clones search the area.

Nearly twenty minutes had passed when Teresa stopped the flying ship.

It was almost an abrupt stop, though she had applied brakes in advance.

"What's wrong?" Fiona asked, she was just enjoying the ride.

"There is something enormous in the way, we will have to take a detour it seems." Teresa answered, looking at the screen of the ship.

"I will go check." Vritra stretched his arms and got up.

He jumped out as the doors opened.

'Wait, now that he has gone, should I make a run for my life?' Asmodeus wondered, but even these women were scary now.

They were exuding such a strong aura that despite being at the 2nd Evolution, he felt too weak.

So he decided to just stay put.

Vritra flew forward, sensing a very strong life force.

The air was a little foggy, but he could clearly see the enormous thing before him, it was nearly as big as a city and reaching so high up.

Vritra focused and looked at its status panel.

"Oh A whale? This sure got big." He mumbled to himself.

A round white object nearly 6 feet wide was moving over the blue surface of the mutant whale.

It was like an eye, which was constantly revolving over its skin.

Suddenly, the eye paused as it fixed on Vritra and then an ear piercing scream rang out.

IIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading... adios