Chapter 404: Another Temple

[D-Day 15]

Vritra spent two days with Fiona and Diana. The three stopped all their other work and just enjoyed each other’s company.

Diana even stopped her experiments and gave all her time to Vritra. Though unaware of the reason, she could tell something was troubling him.

So both Diana and Fiona stayed close to him and gave all the love they could, being his pillars of support emotionally.

"Didn’t I tell you, two beautiful wives are all you need to heal? Hubby, have you thought of a way to earn the sin points?" Yasmine asked. She was in her human form.

Sitting on the bed, she gazed at Vritra as he wore his clothes after the bath.

"No, didn’t you tell me to just throw all thoughts away and rest?" Vritra replied, smiling faintly.

Rolling her eyes, Yasmine stood up. She helped him with dressing, then placed her chin over his shoulder, her hands wrapping around him.

"About Yennefer, I think she knows her mistake now and even tried to make things right as we heard in that World Information Centre.

Maybe you should have a talk with her," she suggested, aware that if things got better between them, he would certainly improve.

"Sigh, let’s talk about that later..." Vritra said. It was part anger and jealousy which made him so mad at her.

"Mhmm." Yasmine didn’t continue on the matter. Smelling the sweet scent of food, the two walked towards the kitchen.

Both Diana and Fiona were busy cooking in the kitchen, preparing several dishes. In cooking, Diana seemed even better than Fiona, maybe because of her talent for potion brewing.

"Here you go, Darling, I have prepared all the dishes, extra spicy just how you like it." Fiona set the plates on the table before serving him food.

Then the two of them joined him to eat. Sadly, Yasmine could only watch them even though she could smell the food too.

"So, you will be leaving now?" Diana questioned. She really loved the two days they spent together.

They had already toured nearly a quarter of the city, though there were still many things they hadn’t seen.

"Yeah, but don’t worry I will be back soon. Tell me if you need anything from the outside," he replied.

After thinking for a while, the two ladies produced a list of items they wanted from outside.

Although a few succubi go out to purchase various things, the population of the city was not small so only the most essential items could be brought.

"Okay, I will get them as soon as possible." Vritra scanned the list and put it away. He could buy them all easily and in a short time.

"And if possible, can you get the next batch of ingredients from the temple? I am going to run out of them soon," Diana added, touching his arm as a faint mark appeared there before disappearing.

Vritra nodded. After a little chat, he kissed them goodbye and headed out of the city.

First of all, he bought the materials and then headed towards the temple.

"I wonder if the temple here is going to be safe. I don’t have a good experience with the temples in this world," he spoke while flying towards the distant large building.

From the Dunshire kingdom to Blue Kingdom where Grieves had taken control of the temple, the relation between the two had been bad.

"It should be fine. Grieves won’t be able to gain that much power here. Though Nine Pacts or other organisations could indeed infiltrate it," Yasmine said, hoping nothing happens.

After getting close to the temple, he landed and walked towards the entrance. He had once again taken on a random appearance.

"Hello, where is the pope?" Stopping one of the men in a white robe, Vritra questioned.

"You can meet him inside near the confession booth. Amitabha, are you here to pray?" the other man spoke politely.

Vritra just shook his head and headed inside.

There were a lot of similarities in this world and Earth because of the people who had already been summoned.

Pausing at the entrance, he took in the sight of the temple. It was quite vast with a lot of valuable treasures and paintings.

This temple alone was a lot more luxurious than even the royal palace in White Kingdom, with many people guarding it.

"Are you here to pray or confess?" one of the guards stopped him at the doors and questioned.

"... " Instead of wasting time chatting, he headed inside directly with the use of Misty Essence mythic halo.

The guards just stood there in a dazed state.

After getting inside, Vritra looked around and soon saw the confession booths on the left side; the pope was inside one of the booths.

They were made in such a way that no one from outside would be able to hear anything, but after getting closer to the booth, Yasmine changed the glyphs just a bit and Vritra was able to hear everything.

"A- And then what huff huff happened?" the strange voice of the pope sounded.

"Like I said, my husband was on duty so I was home alone. When his friend arrived I allowed him inside the house, not knowing what animalistic desires he had for me.

When I brought him some water, he suddenly..." a middle-aged woman’s voice sounded from the other side.

"Suddenly what? S- So, what did he do after that huff? Hurry up, don’t stop." the pope asked, in full imagination mode.

Vritra rolled his eyes; these were supposed to be the messengers of the gods, and here he was, enjoying a porn script.

Shaking his head, Vritra held the handle and with a gentle pull, he broke the lock, opening the door.

"Hey there, if you are done with the confession, then can I get the materials goddess Diana asked for?" Vritra spoke.

{Sin Point Gained: Baffled +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Enraged +1}

{Sin Point Gained: Interrupted +1}

...

"H- Huh? Who are you? How did you open this? Guards, arrest him! He is a terrorist, criminal of the highest degree, he dares to interrupt such a holy process."

The pope was shocked at first but then he roared in rage.

Thankfully no one else could hear the shouts. Vritra just raised his right hand and showed the mark that Diana had left on his arm. Only then did the pope calm down.

"Ah, forgive me, the goddess sent you here? I- I will bring all the materials to you immediately."

The pope rushed off towards the workers and began to order them around, but not before asking the woman to wait for a while.

’Wifey, don’t you think the voice of this woman sounds a bit familiar?’ Vritra asked, but didn’t think too much about it.

"Hmm, I think so, but I can’t seem to remember," Yasmine said with a shrug.

It wasn’t long before the pope arrived back with all the materials. After handing them to Vritra, he rushed back into the booth.

But it seemed the woman there had waited enough already.

She just walked out of there, and as Vritra saw who it was, his eyes widened with surprise.

"Pfft... Shit- Sonia? When did you join this industry?" Vritra almost laughed out loud upon seeing the blonde woman.

"P- Pitiful one?!! Sob Save meeeee..." She instantly began to cry with tears and snot.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...