Chapter 631 Abilities

"Keep an eye on them." The leader said as she walked away. Of course, she didn't trust those people either.

She found it hard to get any information about them just by their appearances.

In any case, they would be dead in the battle the next day, so there was really no need to overthink it.

While eating the meat, she walked into her makeshift tent.

On the other side, Vritra and the others were feeling tired too. Their bodies had weakened compared to before.

"Let's set a tent here, we will stay here for now." Vritra said with a sigh. He really needed to increase his strength faster.

Among the various rewards, there were also a few tents. Taking them out, they quickly set up the two tents.

One for Shitless and Onest, while the other was for Vritra and his wives.

"P- Pitiful one, do I really have to share a tent with this mugger? What if he tries to steal something?" the monk complained.

"Huh? Shitless, what do you even have that's worth stealing? Or don't tell me you are really becoming shit, Sonia?" Onest replied.

Vritra rolled his eyes and let the two banter. Looking at his wives, he gestured.

"This isn't too bad." Looking around, the goddess spoke.

There were mattresses on the ground, though it was still a little cold.

"Let's rest a bit, who knows what we will be facing tomorrow." Vritra said as he lay down.

All his wives followed, lying down on both sides of him.

"Hubby, should I keep watch?" Yasmine asked. Those people couldn't be trusted after all.

Seeing so many women at once, many wouldn't be able to control their emotions.

"It is fine, Divine will wake me up if there is trouble, right Divine?" Vritra said.

"Haa, this guy. Fine, I can do that much for everything you have done." Divine sighed. He was reduced to being a guard.

Pulling over the several layers of blankets, they closed their eyes. At least all of them were together.

***

Thankfully, because of Bull's promise, none of the men came to cause trouble for them.

Early in the morning, they quickly freshened up and changed into another set of warm clothes.

At least Vritra wasn't lacking in supplies with all the draws.

"Hey, you! Boss is asking you to go meet her." Before long, a guy walked up to them and spoke.

But his gaze kept moving towards the beautiful women. Stepping forward, Vritra blocked his view.

"Alright, I will be there. Now get lost!" Barely a few people could retain their kindness and conscience in the apocalypse.

"How dare you! You are just a captive here, how dare you talk to me like that!!" The man felt his pride hurt. He wanted to beat Vritra up in front of his women.

"Leave it. If Bull knows she was late because of you, you will be in trouble. And I doubt he can keep himself safe for long, let alone these women."

Another guy said with a chuckle as the two walked back.

"Tch, I will wait a little."

'Wait, where did these guys get such nice tents? Or did we overlook them?' he wondered, but didn't dwell on it.

"Darling, do you have a plan?" Fiona frowned. She didn't like anyone disrespecting her husband or family.

"Yeah, I will go there to meet that Bull woman. Stay on guard." Vritra said seriously.

After giving a few instructions, he walked away.

All eyes were drawn to Vritra as he passed by the tents and headed towards the biggest one.

"Wait, state your name." One of the guards asked, looking hostile.

"…Adam." Vritra replied. He just needed to hold on for a bit longer.

"Alright, go in." He said with a haughty look.

As Vritra walked in, he saw Bull and other men standing around a round table.

"Adam, you are here. Good, all team leaders are here as well." She said, almost as if he was an important part of the group.

"So what instructions do you have for me?" he asked, stepping forward in front of Bull.

"Oh, straightforward? Not bad. Now that I can see you clearly, aren't you quite handsome? How about becoming my boytoy? I have quite a lot of food." She said.

Her voice was more manly than most men.

"No thanks." Vritra shook his head firmly.

"Heh, well we will talk about that later. Now we are going to attack the Bull Eater group. Their number is lower than us, but their leader is quite powerful." Bull said.

'Bull Eater? Haha, is it safe for her to go there?' Vritra almost laughed at the name.

"And you want me to take the vanguard?" he interrupted.

It seemed they were lucky to have come here when these people were planning a war and could not afford variables.

Otherwise, this Bull would have attacked them directly.

"Smart too. That's right. Although it is dangerous, I can't allow you to stab us in the back.

But if you are in the front, you would have to fight for your own sake too." She nodded.

"Alright." Gritting his teeth, he nodded.

"Good, you are smart indeed. Go prepare and take a few weapons if you need. Also, tell Tat the superpowers of your group before leaving and don't lie!" she said, pointing towards a burly guy with the pet name Tat.

"Yeah, yeah…" Vritra walked out as Tat followed him, carrying a half torn page.

"There are ten of you. Tell me the abilities of everyone." Tat asked.

"Mine is strength. That bald guy can turn into a woman. The other guy can run really fast. While my women are all unawakened, they depend on me." Vritra said.

This made Tat frown. There was no way he could believe that. After more than six months of apocalypse, how could any woman be unawakened?

Aren't they just asking to die? Didn't they eat mutant meat at all?

"Stop lying!!" Tat shouted. He really couldn't understand why Bull would want such weak meat shields.

He really wanted to take those women away.

'Wait, now that I think about it, I also have Evomorph. What does that skill do?

 Does it also only react when I am in danger? I should try it out.' Vritra thought as he turned and started walking.

"You think you can just ignore me?" Tat threw the paper away and suddenly charged at Vritra's back.

Tat wasn't as strong as Bull, but most of his stats were above 20, except spiritual and agility.

Vritra just tilted his head and the heavy arm breezed past without touching him.

"Go back, Bull wouldn't like internal battles now." Vritra said without stopping.

'H- He dodged me?' Tat was shocked. That agility was above 20.

'Didn't he say his ability is strength? Maybe it is speed, no way he have over 20 agility with group full of women. Yeah, I should report it.' Tat walked back.

Arriving back, Vritra spoke solemnly, "Let's eat and get ready for the battle ahead. Things will be becoming really dangerous."

"Together, we can overcome it. Don't worry, hubby." Yasmine said, but she missed the time from before.

She couldn't even have him fill her up for now. She could only wait until they were safer.

Not to mention, having a kid here would be too dangerous. Who knows how long they would stay here.

With each having thoughts of their own, they began to eat.

❖❖❖