Chapter 491: Titan

『

Name: Vritra Arclis

Level: 1 (Demi-God)

Class: Dust Lord (Rank: SS) [SSS+(?)]

Title: The Fallen Titan

Race: Titan

Origin Bloodline and Physique: Titan

Merged Additional Origin Bloodline & Physique: Demonic Dragon God {UPGRADE: 200 million Sin Points}, Divine

Essence Core: Evil-Veyll God Essence

Mythic Halo: Nihil-Anima Mythic Halo, Misty Essence Mythic Halo

Weapon: Goop {UPGRADE: 100 million Sin Points}

***

Stats:

Strength: 10

Agility: 10

Endurance: 10

Intelligence: 10

Mana: 10

Luck: 10

[Allocation points: 0]

』

Vritra read the status in surprise, his level had somehow been reduced to just 1.

At first he felt angry and frustrated, feeling as if all his effort and pain had been for nothing.

But strangely, he didn’t feel any weaker, instead his strength was definitely higher than what it had been before.

Just then, the Divine’s voice sounded in his head.

"Yes, your race now is Titan, and their beginning itself is Demi God level. What you fought before, the Divine Kage members were on the higher phases of Lord rank.

Anyway, I will give you more information related to it later but for now, you can not leave this family, the secret to saving her will be found if you follow along."

And just like always, Divine disappeared without explaining things.

’Save who? Titan, what even is that? A Demi God...’ Vritra just stood frozen, finding it all quite strange.

"A Demi God!!" Yasmine exclaimed as well, she remembered the time when Vritra had just entered the labyrinth’s death trap.

She hadn’t even paid much attention to him in the start, he was so weak but now his strength had risen by such a huge level.

’Wifey, do you know about any of that?’ Vritra asked, feeling confused.

"Not really, it’s the first time I am hearing of a Titan race, but I had heard a little about the term Demi God." Yasmine said before continuing.

"There was once a person before who almost became a Demi God, nearly destroying half the planet."

’Anyway, knowing that could wait, but first I have to find Mom, Yenni, Foxie, Diana and Fiona.’ Thinking this he looked back at the guards.

"Young master Art, how are you feeling now? You shouldn’t get out of bed yet." The healers finally arrived, but they all froze as they looked into his crystal-like red eyes.

"I am fine, what am I doing here?" Vritra asked, his tone and gaze somehow made everyone around uneasy.

He still remembered his desperate moment, how all those people attacked him for no reason, killed the person he believed to be his mother.

Many of them had died already, but there were still some he needed to torture, he wanted to hear them beg, to see regret and despair in their eyes.

Especially that Oracle. Some time must have passed since Vritra’s death and all of them should already be relaxing by now.

Enjoying their time from killing a demon, but it was exactly them who were responsible for the birth of a demon.

Vritra’s way of looking had completely changed, though he still wouldn’t go on a mindless slaughter.

But even looking at the guards and healers, their lives seemed worthless to him.

"Young master Art, you don’t remember anything? You remember your name, right?" One of the healers took a step forward, despite the fear.

While he was in slumber, he looked so serene, peaceful and gentle but now he seemed the exact opposite.

’I... is it really the meek young master Art from all those years ago?’ the oldest healer wondered.

"...No, explain to me in short, what is going on?" Vritra sat back on the bed, wishing to know everything that happened after the war.

The oldest healer took another step forward hesitatingly and spoke: "You are young master Art, the next in line to be the monarch of the Yate family.

You disappeared several years ago, and we recently found you in a labyrinth. After you disappeared, your mother fell ill, and the Yates family had been on constant decline since."

"I see, you know about the war in which several lords died, right? How much time had passed since?" Vritra continued.

"Oh around over two years and a half years." The healer answered.

’So much time has passed?!’ Vritra hurriedly asked: "Do you know anything about the succubus race? Or a goddess? Any big changes after the war?"

"Yes, there have been several major power shifts after the war. The Quartz continent was rebuilt from scratch, and it is nearly finished and now a goddess rules it.

The succubus race also became a part of the continent, I heard they have a new empress who is quite strong.

And... hmm the phoenix race too has a new ruler now. Aside from that, the world information centre has become one of the biggest groups in the continent.

And several dark organizations such as Nine Pacts, Bone Blood Cult, even Grieves and more have become a part of the Twilight.

I think that’s most of it, oh right, the girl from the Ford family, Tiny, her marriage competition will be taking place soon." The healer made sure not to miss anything.

Vritra was nodding, at least now he knew that Diana, Vanessa, Fiona and Maeve were all fine and must have grown considerably stronger.

But then he interrupted.

"Do you know anything about Yennefer?"

"Oh the previous empress? No, she disappeared after the war, I heard she was in cahoots with that demon." Came the reply.

A frown appeared over his face, as Vritra clenched his fists, rage bubbling inside him.

But just the random gesture had a dramatic effect, as the whole building suddenly started shaking.

Tremors travelling through the land and shaking everything nearby.

The people around rushed out of their homes and shops in a panic, even the healers were frightened by the sudden tremors.

"E... earthquake!! Run!!" And so several healers ran.

The guards weren’t as afraid because of their higher strength, so they hastily asked Vritra to move into an open area.

But Vritra just remained seated on the bed, staring at the ceiling as he got a hold of his emotions.

Since his strength had increased suddenly, he would need some time to adjust.

’So the sacrifice had something to do with Yenni?’ Feelings of pain and grief filled his heart, he wanted to destroy everything.

Killing every living person until the whole planet becomes a dead zone.

But Yennefer was still alive from what he had heard from the Divine, and he needed to find her as soon as possible.

"So the clue to find her will be found here? Let’s see the situation here, then I will go and find Mom and others." Vritra wanted to meet them again so badly, but since they were fine now, and he was in a rush to save Yennefer, so it would have to wait just a little.

But he can’t wait more than a day or two.

Standing to his feet, Vritra walked out of the room and started asking different questions about the family to one of the guards.

He also needed to find that witch.

And soon Vritra got the rough idea of most things, unfortunately, the family was far from being at peace.

’Guess I will need to meet Gunter first.’ Vritra said, but he paused as a middle-aged man stepped before him.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...