Chapter 161: The Bloody Demon

[Switch: Demonification (2%)]

An even more devastating energy burst out of that crater, making all the people shiver. Even the three generals who were supposedly the strongest in the barrier were no exceptions.

The whole of the barrier became suffocated by the dense energy as a deadly presence appeared in the crater. A blur shot out of the large hall, and even the strongest men couldn’t properly follow his figure.

BOOOOOOOOM

An enormous explosion sounded—the first strike landed on Faceless. His body shot back like a rocket as he coughed blood and his eyes bulged. It seemed that after such a long time, he had finally received an injury, as he felt the pain coursing through his entire body.

Even a few of his ribs seemed to have been broken. With a loud sound, he collided with the barrier and slid down while groaning in pain.

Just as Vritra’s punch had landed over Faceless’s body, his right fist had exploded right on impact because of the huge force.

There was no way his body could hold that much power just yet, even after the partial dragon transformation. As scales grew all across his body, he was slowly breaking apart.

But under the two hearts pumping wildly, purplish veins grew almost magically, and in the next moment, his hand had healed. Under the devastating power of the demon lord, cracks had started to form all across his body, and the life force was being consumed even faster.

Vritra’s long hair turned completely white within moments. He wasted no time as he flashed in front of Thaddeus—the most straightforward fighter, but also the strongest here. But Silquor, who had been preparing a spell, suddenly disappeared from the sky, and Vritra’s body paused unnaturally in the space.

The old figure of one of the demon generals appeared behind him.

With a hateful look, he shot both his hands forward. His nails had gone dark and very sharp. Using one of his deadliest poisons, he wanted to greatly weaken this strange demon so that his body could no longer hold that power.

SQUENCH

Silquor’s hands pierced right through Vritra’s chest. This was one of the strongest spells in his possession, directly affecting the space and formed by combining hundreds of top-level spells.

If he got enough time to set it up, even warriors much stronger than himself wouldn’t be able to survive against this attack.

Blood spurted out of Vritra’s chest, and a trail of purplish blood leaked from his mouth. But his body suddenly twisted as his head and arms rotated, and he looked at Silquor with those emotionless eyes. The black eyeballs seemed to have instilled fear in the old demon’s body.

Vritra slashed vertically with his right hand and cut off both of Silquor’s arms. Then, moving his arms at full speed, he struck Silquor’s head from either side, as his ears exploded and a strong shockwave passed through his body.

Silquor’s eyes turned white as foam came out of his mouth and he began to fall back. Vritra wasted no time as he clenched both fists and again struck from both sides of his head, and used dust to hold him in place.

BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM BOOOM

The others were frozen with fear as they watched Silquor’s head slowly turn into mush under the constant barrage of attacks.

Right now, the Elegy Parasite was working at more than a hundred times higher efficiency than Vritra—calculating every single danger and then counterattacking with the best possible route.

ROOOAAAARRRRRR

Thaddeus roared and charged forward to save his friend, but in the next moment, Vritra’s body twisted back—as if this was the moment he had been waiting for.

All the people trembled in horror as Vritra threw away both of Silquor’s hands from his chest, which left behind a gaping hole. Then he inserted his own hand into his chest and gripped one of his hearts.

DRIP DRIP

Then he pulled one of his own hearts out. The purple heart was still beating in his palm as Vritra coughed blood, and his body’s condition worsened. But none of it affected his fighting prowess as he disappeared and flashed in front of Thaddeus.

The large bull that was madly charging forward while roaring froze as he sensed the destructive power in Vritra’s palm. Even he felt fear for his life. But Vritra reacted faster. He thrust his hand forward and put it inside Thaddeus’s mouth—stuffing his own heart into his throat.

Then Vritra disappeared from the space. His hearts not only increased various of his abilities, but they also gave him two lives. Even if he were to die again, he would be resurrected instantly. Another part of his terrifying hearts was that they could contain a large amount of energy and could be used like bombs—extremely terrifying and destructive bombs full of the demon lord’s energy.

Even though Vritra’s condition had worsened, as only one heart was doing all the work now and the amount of energy was too large, with the help of the demonic energy he began to heal. He was a demon after all, so this blue energy was like the perfect and most potent healing potion as well.

BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!

Thaddeus had reacted just as fast as he could and sliced his throat to pull out the bomb, but only half of the heart was pulled out when it exploded. The blue demonic energy instantly consumed his head.

It was impossible to believe that someone with such a level had managed to deal so much damage to someone of Thaddeus’s caliber, even with his power restricted.

His neck, shoulders, and half his chest were blasted away and disappeared, and his body struck the ground, creating a massive hole as he then lay motionless—though he was still far from dead.

Upon seeing such a scene, Blunder’s body shivered and he finally understood that this was not the time to continue with his schemes. Their lives really might be in danger in front of that demon.

Just as he was about to remove the barrier, Blunder saw another horrifying scene as Vritra struck Morvik and, within a few short moments, injured him badly.

Then he disappeared again. The demonic energy flooded in the air as everything became still for a moment. Then—over ten thousand members of the Bone Blood Cult exploded at the same time, their bodies falling to the ground in pieces.

It was such a terrifying scene. Such a large army was gone in an instant just like that with one of Vritra’s strikes. The stench of blood became even thicker as the barrier finally disappeared.

But now, Thaddeus, Silquor, and Morvik were badly injured, so they wouldn’t be able to use more power anyway. Only Faceless was somewhat fine—he had benefited from the removal of the barrier.

Vritra gave them no time. This time, his target was Blunder. He appeared behind the psycho so fast that even the space buzzed slightly. Blunder felt as if time had slowed down. He began to turn his head as his terrified eyes focused on Vritra’s hand—those demonic hands that could rip anything apart.

SWIISSSSHHHHHHH

CRUNCH

Then, with a heart-wrenching sound, Vritra’s fingers tore through his skin and flesh as he tightly gripped Blunder’s spine—and with a loud sound, pulled it out of his body, leaving the crazy man broken and in unimaginable pain.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...