Chapter 516 Empress's Return

Yasmine lay in Vritra's arm, as all the exhaustion disappeared, the feeling of fullness remained.

Her belly was still full of his semen, and she loved the warm feeling.

It would be quite a great start of the day to begin with a belly full.

The two slept for a few hours and upon waking up, they took baths together in a corner of the room.

Vritra had enough water stored away and he used dust to create a bathroom, his efficiency had increased so much that he could now even change the nature of those particles.

So the bathroom didn't seem like it was made of dust, instead like an actual one.

"Hubby, I love you, I loved every second of our time together. Haa I wish we can continue to do it more, but…" Yasmine sighed in disappointment.

Even though she already had his cock stuffed in her body inside the bathroom, the dragoness seemed the horniest out of all his wives.

Despite having sex for a week straight, she wanted him to fill her up again as soon as they were in the bathroom.

"So now, do you plan to announce your return to the dragon kingdom?" Vritra asked, thrusting into her body lightly.

Yasmine's back was pressed against the wall, with her legs wrapped around his waist and arms over his shoulder.

The sound of her hips slapping onto his body with each thrust mixed with the sound of falling water.

"…Yeah, although your Nngghhh strength is a… already very haa high but you would still n… need an Mmmm army. Mom, Diana, F… Fiona and Maeve had also haa prepared so much Ahhhh for you, so how c… can I hnnnn not?" the dragoness said, trying to look serious but it was hard to maintain her expression with the penis hitting so deep inside her.

"Alright, let's do that, dago is already dead anyway so they would need a new leader." Vritra nodded, though he was still a little worried about her.

The dragons too couldn't be trusted yet and when news of her return goes out, will the demons try to eliminate her again.

As Divine had told him, those ten gods are like administrators who control everything on this planet.

Five are connected to this planet so they are gods here while five were gods of another planet, so they were demon gods here.

Going by that information, why would the gods of another planet want to kill Yasmine so desperately?

Does she have or possess something that could be problematic for them?

There were certainly secrets associated with Yasmine and the disappearance of her mother, but it wouldn't be easy to find the answers.

Not to mention, she didn't get punished even after uncovering one of the six truths, the truth of gods.

She knew the names of gods yet wasn't punished.

'Well I am here with her, so I will do whatever I can to protect my wifey.' Vritra thought with determination, increasing the speed.

After a couple of sessions in the bathroom, the two walked out and dressed up. The slight shyness Yasmine felt in the beginning while being naked in front of him was completely gone, feeling even closer to him.

Then taking the important things from the room, the two finally left, although over a week had passed for them but outside not even a day had passed.

"So, how are you going to announce your return to them?" Vritra asked, the two were holding hands.

"Through the dragon council, it is a group of old dragons who had retired from fighting though most of them never even participated." Yasmine said.

Most of the members in the council were from the main family, so they just enjoyed all the privileges without actually doing anything.

They even needed a spot in important decision making of their kingdom.

Yasmine never really liked most of them.

Thankfully, her strength had completely returned so she could now be as domineering as she was before.

But after her mother had disappeared and her strength wasn't as high, she wasn't taken seriously by most of them.

They wouldn't miss a chance to cause trouble for her.

"So a council, alright let's go together." Vritra brushed a strand of her hair behind her ear, looking lovingly at her.

"Hmm Just don't get angry if those old guys say something, they are retards and wannabe princesses, only seeking their personal benefits." Yasmine said, leaning onto him.

After getting starved of intimacy with Vritra, she always wanted to be close with him, feel his skin against hers.

Even when outside, she at least wanted to hold hands with him, it gave her a sense of intimacy.

"Okay, as long as they don't cross a line, I wouldn't kill them." Vritra said vaguely, not really promising anything.

Though their presence was a bit necessary in the kingdom, with the two of them here, things would still be fine.

Walking out of the palace, Yasmine looked around at the familiar surroundings.

"Haa When I was younger I used to run around over this area while my father tried catching me…" Yasmine looked at the open area with sadness in her eyes.

"…" Vritra remained silent, patting her head comfortingly.

After lingering around for a few moments, the two headed towards another area.

Ahead were dozens upon dozens of luxurious houses, it looked like a society.

All the members of the council lived there, over thirty houses were present.

Pausing in front of the first, Yasmine knocked on the door.

"…"

A few moments passed but no response came, though there was clearly someone inside.

Yasmine knocked again, but this time too, no one responded.

"Sigh these bastards had grown too complacent, I…" Yasmine already was feeling angry.

When she was ruling, she kept all the members in check and didn't let them do as they pleased.

But dago was stupid and profit seeking, the place had truly become corrupted under his rule.

"Wifey, look away." Vritra said and didn't give her any time to respond, as Yasmine just turned to face the other side.

And then…

BANNGGGG

Suddenly a loud sound was heard, then the entire house exploded in a mess of tiny sparkling particles, which flew up into the sky.

The sight was actually beautiful.

But with all the walls gone, everything became visible clearly.

An old man who seemed to be in his seventies with human standards, with no hair on his head and a big belly, was left standing almost naked in the bathroom.

Two female servants of young age were also present there, giving him a bath. The old guy was wearing an underwear with dragons printed on it, the three were left frozen as the cold air breezed against their skins.

"Uh W… Who are you? A… Attackkkk we are under attack!!" After a moment, the old guy screamed while trying to hide his wrinkly body.

The two women ran away in a hurry, leaving the old guy alone.

"Wear your clothes, she has something to say to you." Vritra spoke with a slight frown.

Was the council full of such clowns?

The man looked at Yasmine's back and couldn't help but feel that she seemed familiar.

He quickly dressed up as dozens of guards approached after hearing his scream.

They quickly surrounded Vritra and Yasmine.