Chapter 153: The Unpaid Debt

The demon generals and the Nine Pacts didn’t interrupt, but they had no interest in someone as weak as Vritra. The Nine Pacts’ work would be done after he is dead, so even if he dies at Blunder’s hand, they won’t really mind.

As for the demon generals, they used this time to find what was making the Bone Blood Cult so confident. There had to be something that made them believe they could handle everyone here.

"Now beg, show me your best performance. Watch and plead as you watch everyone you care for die at my hands, haaah~ so exciting." Blunder said in a rather perverse tone, as the bloody hand grabbed the carriage.

Blunder had one of his hands raised as he grabbed the empty air while his eyes were fixed on Vritra’s expression, waiting to see that change—the change to satisfy his twisted desires.

As the carriage rose high into the air, the coachman jumped off hastily and ran towards the other carriage, praying to every god there is to survive this disaster. He was an ordinary man in his fifties.

CREAAAKKKKK

The carriage began to shake wildly under the pressure of the bloody hand. Vritra’s eyes widened in shock as he raised both hands and formed a hand of dust just as big in size.

Blunder’s face twisted even more in satisfaction as he sensed the desperation in Vritra’s action. But the dust hand crumbled the moment it struck the hand of blood—the power difference was too big.

"Sigh, fine, go ahead and do it, you monster." Vritra just turned his gaze away from the gruesome scene that was about to follow. He couldn’t bring himself to watch such destruction.

"Hmm..." Blunder raised an eyebrow, not expecting him to give up so easily. He tilted his head slightly and exerted some pressure, as the carriage began to bend and a loud creaking and thudding sound was produced.

But Vritra still didn’t react. He only clenched his fists and shut his eyes tight, enduring the pain.

BANG

Blunder exerted more force as the carriage was crushed and everything inside it became rubble. The barrier that Yasmine had formed over it was destroyed as well.

"..." Blunder waited for the painful cries to come, but there was utter silence. Finally, he locked his senses on the broken carriage—and there wasn’t a single drop of blood nor any corpses inside.

He looked back at the two men who had been ordered to follow Vritra. The level of these two people was also well above two thousand, so there was absolutely no way they would make any mistake.

"Come forward." He said after letting go of the carriage, which fell down with a loud boom. The luxurious carriage was destroyed just like that.

"Y-Yes sir." The two men in red clothes were shivering; they were even more baffled. From the moment Vritra had left the temple, they had kept an eye on him all the way up to here, not missing a single moment.

The three women had been with him until this morning when he opened the windows, but now there was no one inside.

"Did the carriage disappear from your sight for even a moment?" Blunder asked, his tone emotionless. But rage was building up inside him. He was about to enjoy such a good show—but now it was gone just like that.

"N-NO sir, we kept watch over him the entire time. We didn’t take a break for even a moment." One of the two men knelt in the air before the other followed. They were crazy, but not nearly as much as Blunder.

"Hmm, I see. Good job. You deserve an award. So right under your noses, this weak little toy who hasn’t even arrived at the legion rank yet made the three fully grown women disappear, and you had no idea about it?" Blunder asked, his lips stretching into a kind smile.

"S-Sir, all this time we didn’t n-notice any kind of change. The carriages progressed just as usual. At one point, one of the carriages did separate from the others, but I got rid of it and made sure no one was inside it. I really d-don’t understand when it happened." One of the two men explained.

"Sigh, you are lucky. If this wasn’t such an important occasion, then I would have dealt with you both first. Stand up and return to your positions. Your punishment will come soon." Blunder waved his hand as the two men took their positions.

’From what I have seen of him, he would have definitely beaten the two to a pulp for making such a big mistake—yet he didn’t right now, which means he needs them all for his next plan, and they need to be at certain positions...’ Vritra pondered, an unusual habit of his to observe the surroundings.

But he soon gave up. It wouldn’t matter what he thinks or plans, those people are way too strong and no trick would work against them.

If he really wished to beat them right now, then he probably would need to be born again.

"Sigh, that took away all the fun. I thought before the actual battle I could have a delicious appetizer, but I guess you are too smart—" Blunder shook his head. He was quite impressed by Vritra’s capability and felt more reluctant to just directly kill him.

Wouldn’t it be much better to slowly kill this great toy? And he might really get the chance to kill those women in front of him in the future.

But Blunder’s words were interrupted by Vritra’s loud shout:

"You think you can scare me just because you are a bit stronger? If you weren’t born so long before me then you would be nothing in front of me. Just wait—I’m going to kill you with my hands."

"Wait, what are you planning to do? You can’t fight them. I am going to create a disturbance in the barrier now, and then you could escape through the hole." Yasmine spoke. She gathered all her energy, even her soul energy, to create one powerful attack and blast a part of the barrier.

’Heh, don’t think you can just escape from your debt so easily. You owe me so many spanks. Before I take my revenge for all the teasing, I am not going to let you leave. So just rest for a while—I will take care of everything.’ Vritra spoke in a playful tone before he completely locked Yasmine with his authority over her.

All the energy she had gathered dispersed instantly and she couldn’t come out of his body. Yasmine was shocked, but she struggled to come out. How could she leave him with all those monsters, all alone, only to suffer at their hands?

Darkness appeared all around Yasmine and even her voice was drowned. She couldn’t do anything no matter how much she tried. Her eyes welled up with tears for the first time since the death of her parents. She screamed and pleaded and desperately tried to come out—but to no avail.

Vritra looked at Blunder as all emotions disappeared from his eyes and only bloodlust remained, a storm of dust began to swirl in the surrounding as his body rose into the air.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...