Chapter 279: Point Farming starts!

After the momentary pause, the carriages started moving again.

Diddy was back in his carriage, and this time everyone was more careful. The smell of blood had already spread across the area all because of that mindless simp, so the voices sounding outside had increased exponentially.

"Sigh, how long do we have to listen to these annoying noises? Should I just go and kill them all?" Vritra thought, as several of the Howlers continued to call him out in all sorts of voices.

"We should be out of here in a few hours, so it’s better to not get involved in this mess. The Howlers and other creatures of the swamp could be really annoying," Yasmine replied.

She was sure Vritra could kill them all, but that would make him waste a lot of time.

Sighing, Vritra did his best to ignore the voices that seemed to be going crazier with each passing moment:

"SOB, someone help me! I am the king of the White Kingdom, some damn hole swallowed me and now I am stuck in this place. If you help me, I will definitely reward you greatly once we arrive at the White Kingdom."

That one voice seemed to be especially loud.

Other Howlers changed their tactics when no one from the carriages responded after a time, but that one persistent Howler seemed to be dumb and kept repeating the same thing.

"Yeah, like we believe in you, you motherfucker! You’re lucky that I can’t get out of my carriage or I would have beaten your ass until you resemble a monkey—fuck, that darned Howler bit me in the wrong place—oh, Karen, you didn’t hear that, did you?" Diddy’s voice sounded from one of the carriages.

The ride continued without any pause. The voices of the Howlers were getting more absurd by the moment—from a kid to a beautiful woman and even old people, they were making all sorts of noises.

But no one fell into their trap again.

Nearly five hours had already passed, and the number of voices had increased to more than a few thousand, but they wouldn’t approach the carriages because of the precautions taken by the guards in advance.

"These Howlers actually aren’t that problematic, as long as—" Fiona was just speaking when suddenly a shock went through the carriages and the swamp.

"Looks like the king Howlers are actually here, sigh," Yasmine spoke as she rose in the air and sensed the few strong presences outside.

"Will it be a problem?" Vritra stretched his body after getting up. Maybe it was finally time for some action.

"Yeah, just like most other creatures, hunger could make them desperate, and in desperation they could—"

BAANNNGGGGG

Before Yasmine could finish speaking, several Howler kings rammed into the carriages.

Even though their physical strength was not that high, their levels were still quite high. They received injuries but succeeded in breaking a few of the carriages.

Of course, Vritra had protected his own carriage and a few others just in time with dust, so they were unscathed. The group of six participants weren’t as lucky though.

Their carriages broke instantly since they were off guard and weren’t really taking the Howlers seriously. The moment their carriages broke, the horses ran away in panic, and the six of them were thrown out.

Vritra decided to go out and see the show—he was getting bored inside the carriage after all. Just as he was about to leave, Vanessa spoke:

"Is it safe enough for us to go outside? Staying constantly in the carriage feels a bit suffocating."

"Hmm, let me go out and check first," Vritra said, as he disappeared and materialised outside the carriage, hovering in the air.

The surrounding was still completely dark, so it didn’t really matter whether it was day or night, but Vritra could clearly see the area.

And wherever his gaze went, all he saw was those creatures called Howlers. They looked like grouped-up fish with monkey-like heads and really sharp teeth, but their skin seemed as if they had been dipped in acid.

The size of the normal Howlers was around seven to eight feet, while the king Howlers were at least twice that size.

After observing the Howlers—whose numbers easily surpassed two to three thousand—he looked at the six people who were just besieged by these creatures.

"Looks safe enough, just maintain the barrier and keep your guard up." Yasmine appeared beside him and spoke. She looked at the scene on the ground in amusement.

The number of the king Howlers was around ten, and all of them were currently busy in a fight with those six participants. The guards couldn’t get out of their carriages even if they wanted to because of the dust layer.

"Mom, Fiona, Diana, you can come out." Vritra flew lower and opened the door, then he held Vanessa’s hand and brought her into the sky while Fiona and Diana flew on their own.

Vritra formed a small platform of dust in the air and all of them stood over it. Diddy was busy fighting against two of the kings, while still trying to stick to Karen, who was clicking her tongue even while fighting against the Howlers.

The other four were also barely managing to defend.

The level of the Howler kings was high enough to kill these six with a single scream, but Vritra was kind enough to protect them with his barrier so this was only a physical fight.

"You bastard, come down and help us! What are—haa haa—you doing up t-there and just watching?" one of the men spoke as he saw Vritra standing lazily along with others.

For some reason, no Howlers were getting close to them.

"Tch. Disgusting men." Karen spoke the regular thing as she slashed at the Howlers.

Vritra just watched them fight for a while, as the six of them barely survived. Seeing that scene, Vritra was reminded of the time when he got stuck in the labyrinth, though this was nowhere as dangerous.

"I guess that’s enough entertainment for one day," Vritra mumbled. Seeing that the six people were on the verge of death, he still needed those cannon fodders in the White Kingdom after all.

A mysterious fire that seemed unreal suddenly broke out of his hand before disappearing, then a heavy mist descended across the entire place.

"Time to farm some sin points." Vritra spoke.

The number of Howlers in this swamp was more than ten thousand. He might be cautious to use the Misty Essence Mythic Halo around humans, but using it here on a big scale was completely fine.

[Suck! Suck! Suck! activated.]

A large amount of energy was instantly sucked out of Vritra’s reserves, but with his magnificent ability he didn’t really have to fear complete exhaustion. Within moments, he was back to his peak.

The Howlers and the six people paused as their gaze first went towards Vritra.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +3,654}

...

Then terrifying versions of the Howlers rose from the swamp. Their bodies looked extremely strong, and even the weakest among them was at the 2nd Legion rank.

The number of these new upgraded Howlers was at least twenty thousand.

{Sin Point Gained: Startled +13,557}

{Sin Point Gained: Frightened +10,952}

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...