Chapter 400: The Queen’s Deadly Challenge

Vritra had already gotten some information about the big organizations and families from Yasmine, so he knew of those six seats, even the twin duo he met while cutting off Green Claw’s finger.

"Yeah yeah, don’t repeat, I heard clearly enough." Crow said in annoyance; he would have made a fortune selling so much information.

"The big families are rather quiet, but maybe they might be taking some measures in secret.

But the Golden Moon’s six seats have started to move; they had already held a meeting after so many years." Crow said in astonishment.

"The demons, the Nine Pacts, and Bone Blood Cult seem to be just as active. All I can say is they are brewing a really big trouble.

Oh right, a member from the Golden Moon called Pink seems to be searching for someone." Crow added.

"Who is it?" Vritra asked.

"Give me a gold coin and I will let you in on a secret." Crow said with a nod.

Maeve threw a coin that smashed against his forehead and left a red mark over it.

"Oww How ungentle, womanly. Anyway, the person he is searching for isn’t Vritra." Crow spoke, putting away the gold.

"Really?" Vritra’s meter of patience was breaking with each word in that annoying voice. He grabbed Crow’s tie and spoke:

"Speak nonsense one more time, and I will put your beak up your ass, then keep asking yourself for that gold coin."

GULP

Crow shivered visibly, glancing at Maeve in fear.

While the demoness looked at Vritra with an adoring gaze, even his annoyed side looked so cute to her, though it wasn’t so cute for Crow.

"Uh... I don’t know the specifics but I heard Pink has been moving around Ghazi city to look for someone." Crow spoke hastily while pressing a button under the table rapidly.

"Ah don’t try it, I cut off the wires upon our arrival." Maeve spoke; she had predicted this with Vritra’s current mood.

"Oh right, give me a goooo- cough cough I mean, I just remembered one piece of very, very, very expensive news."

Crow barely stopped himself, remembering the threat.

"Sigh What is it now?" Vritra really wanted to get out of there; this place was giving him so much headache, especially the kaw kaw-like voice.

"The Pink who likes to touch men inappropriately seems to be part of some shady organizations like Bone Blood Cult and Nine Pacts; recently he has been seen colluding with them though he did change his appearance." Crow spoke carefully.

"Alright, thank you for answering all my questions." Vritra spoke before standing up and turning to leave.

"How unexpected, you actually survived and here I was thinking who would be replacing you soon." Maeve chuckled as she hurriedly followed along Vritra.

"Tsk These damned demons, they never follow any rules." Crow cursed before shouting: "Ah right, recently there has been a lot of enquiry for the city of charms."

Vritra paused for a moment then continued moving; he knew that the city of charms’ existence wasn’t really a secret but no one could find it nor could they break the defenses.

’At least I could be sure of mom’s and others’ safety, but it seems everyone is making big moves now; the fight might be happening faster than I expected but my strength is nowhere near enough to face them all.’

For some reason, he was reminded of those messages from the Divine; they were vague but mentioned death.

’Yennifer... I wonder if she is fine-’ Vritra’s thought drifted towards a certain beautiful lady before he shook his head and emptied his mind.

Having gathered all this information, he could at least be prepared for whatever might come.

They quickly walked out of the igloo and then made their way out of there, once again appearing in the empty alley.

"Looks like the curfew has already started, sigh looks like we will be stuck together for a while master." Maeve said, turning back into the little girl.

"What are you doing there? Arrest them!!" just then several guards rushed into the alley.

Vritra didn’t want to waste any more time and just wanted to return to the city of charms.

Taking Maeve’s hand, he teleported them both directly inside the hotel room.

"Whoa master, you can even teleport! Your field is space? It is incredibly rare; I have only heard about one or two also having similar field." She spoke in surprise.

"Wait here for me; I will be back soon." Vritra said, and without giving the cunning fox time to present any arguments, he disappeared.

"Wait maste- Humph and he is gone." Then she sat down on the bed and pulled out a book from her storage that she had recently gotten her hands on.

The title being: Master, not so hard!

She needed to widen her knowledge and get a better understanding of the world; of course, she was still working on her evil plan of seducing Vritra.

...

[Book of Dimensions Activated.]

Vritra’s speed was incredibly fast now; even at his 1% speed he was at least thousands of times faster than before, it was just incomparable.

In just a few seconds, Vritra arrived close to the city of charms while avoiding getting seen by others.

***

In a vast area, covered completely by lava. Hundreds of thousands of explosive lava monsters rose and flew towards a single entity.

BOOM BOOM BOOM

Sounds of explosions kept ringing as one creature after another was slaughtered by the sharp spear.

Vanessa stood half submerged in the lava, constantly suffering the burning sensation while fighting against those creatures.

It was one of the tests to become the next succubus Queen, though it would change her physique greatly.

The lava wasn’t normal, it kept seeping into her skin, pouring directly into her body and destroying her while also healing her at the same time.

Thankfully the passage of time inside was faster otherwise she might have needed to spend years inside this place, which was nothing short of a prison.

Each test was extremely gruesome; although the gains were huge, she had to put all her mind and strength to get over each one.

A cut appeared over her shoulder, as blood began to leak only to burn a moment later, even the color of her blood was changing.

’Honey, I am sorry that I have left you alone now but I will be with you very soon.’ Vanessa thought, missing Vritra so much. She had already been inside this place for so many days.

With a burst of rage, she swung the spear and blasted hundreds of those creatures before going deeper into the lava; the more she suffered, the higher her strength would be.

So enduring all the pain, she held her breath and stayed inside the lava, still cutting the blasting creatures though her body was riddled with countless injuries.

Those blasts were strong enough to even destroy the body of a person at 3rd Legion rank; each of these creatures was really deadly.

And just like while battling them, Vanessa had spent several weeks inside the lava and only came out when the lava no longer could hurt her; even those creatures couldn’t hurt her anymore.

But the tests were far from over; her strength grew rapidly but so did her fear of something bad happening to her son.

Vanessa’s performance far surpassed even the previous Succubus Queen.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...