Chapter 302: Returning Gift

The battle ended and finally the guards started the cleanup, there were a lot of limbs scattered all over the place, not to mention the blood that covered the land.

Vritra and the others left to get cleaned up and returned soon after. After this incident, the popularity of the God of Mercy shot through the roof.

More and more people started to have faith in Vritra, though many still wondered if Vritra was seeking some sort of benefit through this.

And many felt that he might not be alive for long against an organization as big as the Slave Beast Gang.

But Vritra didn’t care about any of that. After the entire place was cleaned up and things returned to normal, he sat on his chair and asked Monk Shitless to continue the interview.

***

The rest of the day of Vritra’s first duty as an agent passed quite peacefully. And upon hearing about the news, Joey asked Vritra to come visit him the next day through the communication glyph.

Just a few more days like this and he would become too rich, to the point he wouldn’t even mind wasting a few million points on the lottery, of course after upgrading several things.

Vritra was flying back towards the castle in the evening at a rather slow pace, while lots of people kept chanting his name and praying as if he truly was a god.

’I am sure after this incident, even stronger opponents from this gang will come, and even demons.

Hmm, things might get problematic if even Hellmancer and Dark Knight can’t handle them.’ Vritra thought.

He wouldn’t underestimate his opponents, especially since they could survive so openly in such a strong kingdom.

The attack today was just to scare him, but they judged his strength wrongly, which had the opposite effect from what they intended.

While flying back, he opened his status window to check his stats.

『

Name: Vritra Arclis

Level: 2,804 (2nd Legion Rank)

Class: Dust Lord (Rank A) [SSS+(?)]

Title: The Cursed Hunter [Lv.10]

Race: Demon God (Origin), Dragon

Mana: 630,410 / 630,410

Vitality: 100%

Stats:

Strength: 63,398

Agility: 75,513

Endurance: 61,762

Intelligence: 72,539

Mana: 63,041

Luck: 512

[Allocation Points: 4,300]

』

’Nice, I gained quite a lot of levels and a whole lot of sin points, heh I could fight to protect on a daily basis if the rewards are so damn good.’

Vritra thought, and like always invested his sin points in Agility and Intelligence.

『

Stats:

Strength: 63,398

Agility: 77,233

Endurance: 61,762

Intelligence: 75,119

Mana (Stat): 63,041

Luck: 512

[Allocation Points: 0]

』

Despite his excitement, Vritra didn’t even glance at the sin points. He wanted to give himself a surprise after collecting a lot of points.

After a long day at work, they returned to the castle. Monk Shitless also got a room in the castle, since he was the servant of the God of Mercy, so he was treated with respect.

"Wifey, I am in such a great mood today, tell me if there is anything you want." Vritra said as he climbed the stairs of the castle.

"Anything? Don’t regret it later, hehe." She said playfully.

Vritra rolled his eyes, she was back to her mischievous self.

"Yeah, just ask for anything." He replied, thinking aside from Soul Potions what could she possibly need.

"Hehe, then slap Joey and Han." Yasmine said, making Vritra stop abruptly.

"Uh... What? Why do you even want that? And do you want me to get fired right on the second day? And Han? He could kill me just as easily, you are joking right?" he questioned.

"Yes, I was just joking about Han’s part, but I would really like it if you can slap that old man." She replied.

"Why?"

"I am sure you are aware as well, but he is simply making the two of you do extra work while he must be resting in his room.

I know this turned out to be advantageous for you, but in truth, he is just taking advantage of the situation.

There is no way two newcomers would be assigned such a duty right off the bat, and I just don’t like people like that." She answered.

"Yeah, I know. I am sure it must be his task to keep a watch over the entrance where the possibility of the attack is the highest. Haa, but completing your request will be a bit tough." Vritra said and decided to think about it later.

The group of four entered the castle. By now, almost all the people knew about the latest incident.

Just by walking simply, Vritra was still receiving quite a bit of sin points. He saw Diddy and the others while they were walking towards the dining room, the group of six seemed quite frightened.

They ate dinner in peace, and after a walk in the market, they returned to their room.

Vritra found it a bit strange that he hadn’t encountered Yennefer even once, when she would just pop out anytime like a ghost.

And so another wonderful day ended, as Vritra once again found himself surrounded by the soft bodies of his women.

***

Early the next morning, Vritra got dressed up in his Golden Moon uniform, and after having breakfast, he decided to head to the base of Golden Moon.

After giving goodbye kisses to the three women, he told them to just meet him at the entrance after an hour or so, where he would resume collecting sin points.

"Haa, what a fresh start to another wonderful day, let’s earn even more sin points today." Vritra said, flying through the capital as people kept looking up at him.

"Heh, remember your promise, right?" Yasmine reminded, and Vritra could only sigh.

It wasn’t long before he arrived at the entrance of the base. The guards saluted as Vritra entered and headed directly towards the training field.

"Oh mugger, you are here as well? Ha, what a great way to ruin my perfect day." Vritra said with a shake of his head.

"Tch, Psycho, I... uhm... I will give a better reply after thinking." Onest said after failing to give a good one-liner.

While quarrelling, the two entered the training field and joined behind the short line of agents.

After a few minutes, Joey walked in front of the group with a big smile on his face. The old man was wearing his uniform today as well.

"Yesterday I heard about the demon invasion and the attack by the Slave Beast Gang, and one of our capable and new agents singlehandedly stopped both sides.

He protected nearly two hundred thousand lives while battling those dangerous creatures." Joey said as everyone’s gaze shifted towards Vritra.

Then he continued: "Yes, it is our new recruit Ben who performed this splendid deed. There are also agents like Onest who prioritized their own safety and hid behind the normal people.

Such a brave guy our new agent is. Anyway, let’s not waste our words on him, this is to congratulate Vritra today."

After Joey stopped speaking, everyone applauded for Vritra, giving him all sorts of praise, while Onest felt so wronged.

"Quiet!! Now, for saving so many lives and fighting for the honour of our Golden Moon, I feel our young agent, Ben, deserves a reward—"

Before Joey could finish his sentence, Vritra all of a sudden moved to the front and without saying a word—

SLAAPPP!!

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...