Chapter 620 Happy Married Life (FINAL!!)

From Fiona to Vanessa, all seven of the ladies floated side by side as they all stared at the beautiful floating castle in front of them.

It was decorated so lavishly, it made the women's eyes sparkle.

Before long, a gust of wind pushed them inside, and none of them resisted it.

Before they could see anything, all of them found themselves standing in separate rooms, and in front of each was a beautiful dress floating.

Seeing the dresses, all of them had already guessed the surprise Vritra had planned for them.

Each of the dresses was selected by him personally, each different from the other and extremely beautiful.

Without wasting any time, they all began to change.

Vritra got dressed as well, his outfit somehow matching all of his wives'.

After he was dressed, he walked up to the altar, where a priest was standing.

"How do I look?" Vritra asked, looking at Shitless, Onest, and Rich.

Rich was still speechless. He was confused at first, but Teresa's husband had really made him prepare for this grand wedding.

Where he was going to marry other women.

Rich didn't know how to react to this or if Teresa would be fine with this.

"Pitiful one, you look awesome. Even slightly better than me, hehe, but why did you call this priest here? Did you forget I can do all that too?" Monk Shitless asked.

"I can't make you overwork, we will be needing your help a lot once we enter the game, right?" Vritra said, and Shitless nodded proudly.

"Um, A- Art, about my aunt…" Rich spoke, wondering how to say it.

"Don't worry, it's fine." He said, not explaining any further.

After a moment, all their gazes drifted forward as the seven women, each dressed beautifully, walked towards the altar.

The chairs for guests were filled with the soul wraiths and the guards from their house of darkness.

They all clapped hurriedly as the seven brides approached the altar, each of them had a big smile on their faces.

They were finally getting such a grand wedding ceremony.

Vanessa looked at Vritra. She was marrying her son. The time of doubt had long passed, she was quite excited.

They were tied for life anyway.

Shitless, Rich, and Onest took their seats, the ceremony was about to start.

'Finally, I am marrying my hubby properly.' Yasmine felt overjoyed, she couldn't stop herself from smiling, gazing up at her husband.

He looked perfect, so wonderful, making her want to just jump up and kiss him.

All his wives had their own thoughts, each very happy.

Although Teresa had already gone through a marriage ceremony with Vritra, it wasn't proper with all the drama.

And he didn't want to leave her out, so while he was at it, Vritra was marrying all seven of them.

"Wifey, are you willing to marry me?" Vritra stepped forward, helping Yasmine climb up the altar.

Then he held a ring, with no special ability, but just a beautiful diamond ring with a red colour.

Looking into her eyes, he proposed directly. Kneeling and all that had no meaning and felt too cringe.

"Yes hubby!" Yasmine laughed as she extended her hand and Vritra put on the ring. She hugged him and walked to one side and stepped onto a wooden board.

"Mom, will you marry me?" he asked, taking a different ring with a pink diamond.

"Yes, honey, I do." Vanessa said, as Vritra put on the ring. She too hugged him tightly before moving to the wooden board beside Yasmine.

"Fiona, are you willing to be my wife?" Vritra asked, a new ring appearing in his hand.

It seemed as if a flame was constantly burning inside the diamond.

"Darling, I want to!" Fiona jumped into his arms, then got the ring on her finger.

She too moved towards the wooden board, stepping on it excitedly.

"Diana, are you willing to be mine?" Vritra asked as he looked softly at the goddess. The new ring appeared colourless, but very beautiful with intricate patterns inside.

"Yes dear, I want to be your wife!" Diana exclaimed happily, as the ring slid perfectly onto her finger.

After a tight hug, she went to stand beside the others.

"Yenni, are you ready to give yourself to me for eternity?" he asked, extending his hand where a ring with a blue diamond waited.

"Yes yes, husband, I am already yours!" Yennefer spoke, a beautiful smile blossoming on her face.

After Vritra put on the ring, she pulled him into a tight embrace.

"Wait, I have something else for you." He said, as the empress turned to look at him.

As his fingers uncurled, a familiar bracelet appeared and Yennefer became teary eyed.

"How did you find this?"

Vritra put it around her wrist and kissed her forehead, he was wearing the matching bracelet.

These bracelets held a special meaning to her, they previously belonged to her parents.

As she accepted Vritra as her husband, she gave it to Vritra.

"I just found it." He said, patting her head.

"Thank you husband, I love you…" while hugging him, she took a deep breath, calming herself.

This was a happy event and she didn't want past memories to spoil it, she had already annihilated all the demons anyway.

After a few moments, she too stood on the wooden board.

If going in this manner, then it was Maeve's turn, so the demoness was ready to step up.

Her fluffy tail moving left to right in excitement, she looked incredibly beautiful in her wedding gown.

"Tess, without any pressure or arrangements, are you still willing to be a part of my life?" he asked, holding a ring.

The diamond shone with several colours, just like the new colours filling Teresa's life.

She looked at the ring, and then back at Vritra, feeling emotional and happy.

"Yes yes, I want to be yours forever." She said, as tears rolled down her rosy cheeks.

Vritra first put the ring on her finger, then gently wiped the tears, lovingly caressing her cheek.

"I don't like tears in your eyes, just smile, you look even more beautiful that way." He mumbled, hugging her soft body.

"Mhmm" she nodded. After staying in his arms for a few more moments, she walked towards the others.

"Hmm, did I forget something? Looks like we are done here-" Vritra said as he looked around.

While the stunned demoness stood in front of him.

"M- Master, me?" Maeve felt sad instantly, was he not going to marry her?

Vritra chuckled as he saw her reaction. Taking her soft hand, he gently pulled her onto the altar.

"Haha, how can I forget my cute and naughty foxie?"

Maeve was pulled into a tight hug, her body finally relaxing in his arms. She pouted, her heart almost shattered because of his joke.

"Sorry, will you forgive me?" he asked, stepping back and lightly pinching her puffed up cheeks.

"Master, I-" she was speaking but Vritra pressed a finger against her lips.

"Shh, tell me, do you accept me as your husband?" he asked.

Maeve smiled happily and nodded her head.

"Yes!"

"Okay, I got your forgiveness, now what about my second question?" Vritra said and chuckled seeing her surprised look.

He decided not to tease this beautiful demoness anymore.

"Yes master, I want you to be present in every moment of my life!" Maeve said joyfully, hugging him tighter.

She didn't really mind her master husband's teasing.

Vritra took out another diamond ring, the diamond shining with a dark light.

Maeve extended her hand as he slipped the ring onto her finger.

Then she too walked towards the others.

Vritra gazed at his beautiful wives, taking a deep breath, feeling quite happy and lucky.

The guests all clapped and cheered as beautiful fireworks started in the sky, announcing the start of the marriage.

Vritra stood in front of the seven women as the priest began the ceremony.

He was too surprised to see Vritra marry so many women, and praised the young guy in his heart for such wonderful taste in women.

The ceremony proceeded as they took their vows.

"Yasmine, Vanessa, Fiona, Diana, Yennefer, Maeve, and Teresa, are you willing to take Vritra Arclis as your husband?" the priest asked.

"Yes!" all of them said almost instantly.

"Vritra Arclis, do you take them as your wives?" the priest asked.

"Yes!" Vritra said, just as excited as all his wives.

"You are now married, you may kiss the brides!" the priest said, smiling.

Vritra moved and paused before Yasmine, the two looked into each other's eyes.

The sky was already lit with fireworks, even more magnificent than before.

Then leaning forward, their lips pressed in a soft kiss that lasted a few moments before parting.

After which he moved towards Vanessa, kissing his mother gently.

Then Fiona, Diana, Yennefer, Maeve, and Teresa.

He kissed all his wives one by one, finally completing the marriage.

The hearts of all of them were filled with happiness, getting married like this felt so special.

None of them could ever forget this day, the melodious laughter of all seven women sounded like music.

It was like a new start to all their lives, and they were all excited.

"Well, let's start the feast!" Vritra announced as dozens upon dozens of dishes began to magically float in the sky.

Vritra led his wives towards a table set up specially for them, while talking and laughing, they ate.

Although the guests were just those emotionless guards, it still did not lessen the fun.

After eating, Vritra stood up and gestured: "My gorgeous wives, now allow me to give you another small surprise!"

"What else have you planned, master?" Maeve asked, even she didn't know anything.

"You will know soon." He said. With a snap of his fingers, a vehicle decorated beautifully appeared before them.

"My ladies, please get inside." He said, and right away they headed away from the castle.

Only Shitless, Rich, and Onest were left there to enjoy.

The car flew and soon arrived in front of their house.

"Whoa, dear, when did you decorate the house?" Diana looked out of the window and questioned.

"This was the surprise? It looks beautiful, honey!" Vanessa said, leaning in and kissing Vritra.

"No no, the surprise is inside, let's go." Vritra said as they got out of the car and headed inside.

The women were really surprised as they walked in deeper, it was like the whole house had been renovated.

Now matching the vibe of the house of newlyweds, their photos were placed on the walls, even the photos from the wedding just now.

All the women looked at Vritra in confusion and surprise, but they very much loved everything.

They soon arrived in their bedroom, once again shocked at the arrangement.

Vritra had put in so much work, focusing on every little detail and decorating it lavishly.

Their hearts were filled with warmth and happiness, the newlywed feeling becoming stronger.

"This, here, is your surprise!" Vritra said as he slid the curtain present around the bed.

Instantly, several sexy and gorgeous lingerie sets were revealed, each was so erotic.

"Welcome to a new wonderful married life!!"

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...