Chapter 205: Shit-Sonia

After an almost twelve hours’ travel, Vritra and the others had finally arrived at the entrance of the castle. The security here was several times higher when compared to the Dunshire Kingdom; even the guards’ levels were higher.

Upon their arrival, several guards approached them and began asking questions — asking for their names, the reason for their arrival, and many other things.

But as soon as Vritra showed the ring that King Henry had given him after he won the competition, they became a lot more respectful and allowed Vritra to head inside directly.

"Currently the king is busy in an important meeting, so if you wish to meet him, then you will have to wait a little," one of the guards informed with a slight bow of his head.

"I see. Can you tell me who he is meeting?" Vritra asked casually.

"I am sorry, but even we don’t know that. Do you wish to enter the castle, or should we call someone out for you?" the same guard asked, glancing at the four women standing beside Vritra. They all seemed really beautiful.

"Oh, it’s alright. Can you call the crown prince outside? He had asked me to come meet him after the competition," Vritra said, smiling as he noticed the guard’s gaze focused on the fourth woman.

"Y-Yes, I can do that. Please give me a couple of minutes." Feeling flustered upon getting caught gazing at the brown-haired woman, he stuttered and ran away in haste.

’Wifey, everything is going fine, right?’ Vritra asked in his mind.

"Yes, surprisingly, you learned to create an energy barrier rather fast, and it seems to be working as intended. I am sure the king wouldn’t be able to sense anything out of the ordinary,"

Yasmine replied confidently. She had taught Vritra to use his energy to create a few types of barriers — like barriers to conceal one’s presence, lock sound, block attacks, and so on.

Vritra learned it all quickly, and now the two of them had created a barrier that would completely hide any trace of the succubus’s bloodline and physique from the others. It would even lower their beauty in the eyes of others.

This effect was added by Vritra using his Natural Hypnosis skill, so Vanessa, Fiona, and Diana weren’t really attracting much attention towards themselves.

As the guard ran away, Vritra and the others waited for a few minutes. Finally, the guard returned at the same pace. He took a couple of breaths before speaking: "The crown prince is coming here. Please wait a bit longer."

And soon the crown prince, Henry Junior 1st, came into sight. He was followed by many of his guards and advisors, walking with pride in each step — acting as if he was already the king.

"..." Vritra stood silently and observed the prince. After arriving before them, he also began to gaze at the group of five. His gaze moved from Diana, Fiona, and Vanessa, then back onto Fiona, and finally landed on the final member of their group.

And right at that moment, his eyes widened, and an awestruck expression appeared on his face. He seemed to be struck in some sort of trance and just stood there like a fool.

Then he started walking forward in a daze and stopped right in front of the brown-haired woman. Like an idiot, he extended his right hand and waited.

"Prince, sorry for coming so late, but travel here was longer than we expected. Thank you for coming out to meet me," Vritra said, and finally the prince’s gaze tore away from the brown-haired girl, who seemed quite shy.

He took a few steps back and stood at a comfortable distance from them, coughing to remove the awkwardness.

"Ah... It is no trouble. I am really happy that you actually came to meet me, Jin Woo. With your talent, I was sure you would turn my offer down. You are going to be so popular in the near future." The prince narrowed his eyes and then spoke with a big smile while extending his right hand towards him:

"Congratulations, it seems you have finally entered the elite ranks by becoming a Legion. Haha, you certainly are very talented. You are definitely going to rise very high."

Vritra nodded and shook hands with the prince.

"Thank you, prince. I am very happy that you think like that," Vritra said with a flattering smile.

{Sin Point Gained: Envious +28}

{Sin Point Gained: Praised +34}

...

After sharing a few more flattering words, the crown prince cleared his throat and spoke: "Uhm... Why don’t you introduce your group? Ah right, I am Henry Jr 1st, as you know — the crown prince of the Blue Kingdom."

"Who doesn’t know our crown prince? Anyway, I am Jin Woo, and these three are my women," Vritra said as he pointed toward Diana, Fiona, and Vanessa.

Hearing this, two of the three were really surprised. Vanessa stood without any reaction, but Diana and Fiona were shocked.

Diana was shocked because she didn’t think he would introduce her as his woman — but for some reason, it felt good... to be called his woman.

While Fiona glanced at the other two women, since she had a deep feeling that he wasn’t lying when he said that just now.

Vritra didn’t speak much about the three of them and, skipping even over their names, he shifted to the final woman.

"And this right here is my sister. She is Shit— Sonia, my older sister," Vritra corrected himself. That name was too hard to forget after all.

"Shit Sonia? What a great name..." the crown prince spoke in a daze while looking into the eyes of Monk Shitless, who was dressed up like a beautiful, voluptuous woman.

With long brown hair, big boobs and ass, a beautiful face after a lot of makeup, and that alluring aura — the makeup artist needed to put a lot of effort into making him look this good. Then Vritra created a barrier that increased his charms even more.

"No, she is just Sonia," Vritra added.

"Oh ’Just Sonia’? What a wonderful name, just the name from my dreams..." the crown prince said while staring dazedly into those brown eyes that were no less bewitching than a succubus’s.

’Hmm. It is working better than I expected. I didn’t think the crown prince would fall for our evil monk so fast and so badly. He is already a lost cause, and controlling him will be so much easier in the future.’ Vritra thought as his evil smile flashed for a moment before disappearing altogether.

"Hello, I am Sonia. Nice to meet you, Sir Henry Jr. I have heard a lot about you. I will be in your care for a while — of course, if you don’t mind."

Fluttering her long eyelashes, Sonia combed her fingers through her long hair and spoke in a seductive tone, her scent making the prince drunk.

"OH!! Hello Sonia, I am Sonia- I mean Henry Jr 1st, the crown prince. Yes yes, I could take care of you for the rest of my life— cough, I mean, Jin Woo, can you tell me your reason behind coming here?" the crown prince asked, while his gaze remained on the beautiful Monk Shitless.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...