Chapter 699 A Caring Waifu

In the remaining five minutes that seemed to last for several hours, the hot blonde made Vritra cum five more times.

And finally she had a belly full of her hot drink, she lost the bet but overall became the winner.

Touching her belly, Evelyn felt the hot fluid brimming inside, making her belly a bit bulged.

"Thank haa you, my love…" she muttered softly, a blissful expression on her face.

Evelyn licked her lips, already missing the taste of his dick and semen.

"Hmm since you already won, how about we do another bet and I get to drink-" Evelyn, who was lying beside him, turned her head.

"No, that's enough, I won. So like we decided, it is time for you to leave and let me focus on getting stronger." Vritra said.

Though knowing that she was the one who gave him all those opportunities made him lower his guard against her.

If she really wanted to hurt him, she would have done so easily.

And if she lied, Divine would have told him about it already.

"Tch darling, since when did you become a mood killer? Guess I need to make you remember everything faster…" Evelyn mumbled to herself.

Vritra sat up as he dressed. During the entire time he had not released any sound, even though she had cheated.

"Fine fine, I will leave now, are you sure you don't want a taste of mine?" Evelyn asked in a teasing tone, holding her breasts as if to offer them to him.

She looked absolutely stunning, her milky skin glowing and looking so delicious.

Vritra, with his back facing her, shook his head. He didn't dare look at her body, she was too hot.

"Sigh you won't even look at me now? You know, in that illusory world, at the end of the ninth year you died while fighting off a wild beast to protect me."

Evelyn spoke, her voice dreamy and sad at the same time.

She was actually happy that it wasn't the reality, she could never accept losing him.

Rather than that, she would burn the world if anything really happened to him.

"Hmm" Vritra just nodded as he heard the sound of clothes rustling, she was dressing up.

"I love you, darling…" Evelyn hugged him from behind, softly kissing his neck.

Vritra tried to remove her hands but couldn't do it, and the feeling of her soft and warm body actually felt quite nice.

Evelyn stepped back once she felt better. She just wanted to kidnap him and lock him up in a room with only the two of them.

She didn't want anything else but just him.

"I guess it is time to return." Evelyn snapped her fingers, as the two once again returned to the same cave.

It was full of screams, the beasts madly tearing at the invisible wall.

'Looks like not much time has passed since I entered, maybe just a few minutes.' Vritra thought, judging by the growth of the beasts.

"Thank you, my love, I will return very soon and this time you will be able to recognize me." Evelyn spoke.

She extended her hand as ten paper slips appeared in her hand.

"Take these, it's a small gift from me to my lovely husband."

Vritra took the slips, wondering what they were, he couldn't even get any information about them.

"Also, this pill is for you, this is something that will help you greatly." She added. It was a small red pill.

"…" Vritra took it too but wasn't sure if he should eat it or not.

Evelyn leaned forward, after giving a soft kiss over his cheek, she took a step back and looked at him gently with a loving smile.

And finally disappeared, but the circle remained without any negative effect, bigger and stopping all beasts from entering.

"You can eat that, it will give you an endless amount of stamina until you are fighting these creatures, and enhance your physique greatly." Divine suddenly spoke.

"Oh you are still alive? I thought you died, you damned bastard, always running away when I am in trouble." Vritra cursed.

"COUGH I was busy with something, sorry.

Anyway, those paper slips are unbreakable shields that can protect everyone so they can start hunting with you." Divine added before going silent.

"Sigh just you wait until I have caught you." Vritra cursed. For now he put away the paper slips and the pill.

He looked around, but with the beasts surrounding them found it impossible to see others.

So creating a blood platform, he rose higher and finally saw the people trapped in the other circle.

Now there were only thirteen of them.

But even their mental state was not normal, more than half of them were going mad with rage.

"Raaaaaaaa!! Stop screaming you mindless fucks, I am trying to concentrate here, fucking beasts." One man cursed and punched out at one of the beasts.

THUD

But in the next moment, the beast caught his arm and dragged him outside as he screamed in dread.

The fear brought his senses back to normal, but it was too late.

"Let's go and talk with Morgan." Vritra thought, he still needed to deal with that pig.

Because of him, his entire family was in danger before.

As he tried to move, Vritra noticed that he could even move this circle, Evelyn really thought of so much.

She cared too much for him.

Vritra walked forward casually, the beasts around him were all pushed back.

"H- Huh? How is he fine? What the hell?" as they noticed Vritra standing calmly in another circle, the remaining men were utterly shocked.

Then rage filled their minds.

"You bastard, you tricked us earlier didn't you? You took that other circle and gave us this rigged one, I am going to tear you apart!" someone shouted.

"Is that so? Then come here and kill me." Vritra said with a shrug of his shoulders.

"You think I don't dare? I am coming for you!!"

In the next moment, two men actually jumped out of the circle, but between the two circles were still a few beasts.

ROOAAAARRRRRRRR

"Uwaaaaah you fucker, you t- tricked us again aaaaaah save usss someone-"

"N- No, I don't want to die SOB please help meeeeeee ughhhhh COUGH"

Within moments, the two men were ripped to pieces as the beasts bit into their flesh and ate them up.

The remaining men who also wanted to jump into the other circle and kill Vritra paused.

Their hearts thumping loudly.

GULP

They all gulped their saliva, knowing nothing would come out of lashing out.

"P- Please can you help us, I w- will repay you once we are safe, please I am begging you…"

Despite the rage in their hearts, several of the men began to beg, planning to kill Vritra the moment he helped them.

"Hmm I am not a demon by heart, sigh I can't leave such pitiful people to suffer here and become the food for these creatures."

Vritra sighed, looking at them with pity.

"S- So you are going to help us SOB t- thank you, y- you are a good person, I will be your slave forever."

They were all so thankful, only Morgan was restless, fully aware that Vritra wouldn't help him.

"Yes, I will help you but there is a condition." Vritra said as an evil smile flashed over his face, his eyes focusing on Morgan who trembled in fear.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...