Chapter 588 Something Evil

After thinking for a few minutes, Vritra turned and went to meet Teresa, he had to interrupt her training for a bit though.

"Tess, can you make it?" He explained his idea and then asked.

She pondered and said with a bright, beautiful smile: "Of course husband, something like that is very easy. Just give me a few minutes."

She didn't ask what he wanted it for and began to work, Vritra watched her work in astonishment.

Her talent was truly awe-inspiring.

And just like she had said, Teresa finished within a few minutes, she handed the object to Vritra and said:

"It should be effective for at least a week and no one at the lord rank can handle its effects."

Vritra stored it away and nodded, he took a step and gave a gentle kiss on her tender black lips, then spoke: "My Tess is really talented, good job. Oh, and I will be going out for a bit."

Teresa smiled sweetly, enjoying his praise and caressing.

Vritra turned to leave, then he paused and asked: "Can I have your handkerchief?"

Teresa paused for a moment, not expecting it, then she took out her handkerchief and handed it to Vritra.

"Of course husband, you can have it."

Without even asking for the reason, she handed it over.

Vritra took it and after giving her yet another kiss he turned and disappeared.

Left behind alone, Teresa touched her lips, the sensation of his lips still lingering. She wanted to help him as much as she could if it meant she would be repaid with kisses and tenderness.

And unlike her family, Vritra never ordered.

To begin with, he barely ever wanted something from her and when he did he would ask for her help, he didn't treat her like some tool.

She could feel how he cared for her and always considered her feelings.

This filled her heart with happiness and warmth.

Now in a great mood, she hummed and went back to her training while also working on a project.

…

Vritra flew out, he held the handkerchief and brought it close to his face, inhaling lightly.

Instantly his senses were filled with the sweet aroma of Teresa, it smelled really good.

Nodding, Vritra put it away and increased his speed amidst the heavy snowfall, the spores in the air seemed even denser than before.

'I wonder if it will have any negative effect, but even with my strength, I can't stop them over the entire planet.' he thought, they would have to wait for Teresa.

After flying a bit, a portal opened before him and he just disappeared.

In the next moment, he appeared in the Yate realm.

"…" After a moment he decided to first meet up with Gunter.

So he flew towards his room and knocked.

It was past midnight already, so Gunter and Ava were alerted. He picked his weapon and cautiously moved towards the door.

After his son's marriage the sneaking in had increased greatly, though after the climate change, things calmed down a bit.

But many still tried to sneak in to kidnap Teresa.

"It is me." Vritra could sense the cautious Gunter making his way towards the door so he announced his presence.

"Oh son, what's wrong? Why are you here in the middle of the night?" Gunter opened the door and looked at Vritra worriedly.

Ava wrapped herself with blankets to protect against the cold and came out too.

"Is everything okay dear?" She looked at Vritra and asked.

"Yes, there is no problem. I came here to tell you that tomorrow, no one from our family will be going to the Ford's marriage." Vritra spoke.

If they didn't see it directly, it would be far easier to explain and he was only doing this since he didn't want to hurt the couple.

"Is everything okay between you and Teresa?" Ava asked hurriedly, she knew her son didn't like the Fords to begin with but this was still a big event.

"No, it's not about that. I will explain everything to you later, but you both should stay here." Vritra didn't explain further.

If they did go then he couldn't do anything about it, though if they followed his advice, things would remain good.

"Okay I won't ask further, just be careful, and don't be rash." Gunter said, he had seen his son's capability and knew he could trust him completely.

"Hmm I'll be leaving now." Vritra nodded and just disappeared from their sight.

Gunter stared at the thin air then sighed and walked back into the room with his wife, his son had really grown so much.

"Do you think he has a fight with Teresa?" Ava asked as the two settled over the bed.

"I don't think so, Teresa has already entrusted herself to Art, she chose him over her family and Art treats her so well, so that might not be the case." Gunter replied.

After a brief pause she asked further: "Do you think he would kill the members of the Ford family tomorrow?"

"… Yeah that may happen, I don't know why but he doesn't seem to like her family. Anyway, we will support him however we can."

Gunter said, he didn't care if it was the Ford family or some other powerful organization, his small family mattered to him the most.

The two continued to chatter, and soon fell asleep.

…

Vritra arrived outside the house where Onest was sleeping, he knocked and waited.

After a few seconds, a sleepy Onest walked out while rubbing his eyes, he looked at Vritra in surprise and asked: "What's wrong Vritra? Haa it's so late…"

"Go change your clothes, there is somewhere we need to go." Vritra said and walked towards Shitless's house.

He knocked and waited but there was no movement, he knocked again but no reply came yet again.

Vritra sighed, then spoke in a not-so-loud voice:

"Shitless, we are going out to cause trouble, are you co" before Vritra had even finished, he heard a bang from inside.

Shitless hit his head back on the bed, almost making it collapse, as his body bounced off and in the next moment he was at the door.

"Let's go!!" Shitless looked strange in his rather strange nightwear, with cartoon animals drawn on it.

"Go get dressed properly first and meet me outside." Vritra said, as he walked away and waited.

Tomorrow would be the day of reckoning for many people, but he wanted a little interest before that time.

Soon, both Shitless and Onest came out, properly dressed.

Because of the bracelet they received from Teresa, the two were completely unaffected by the cold and spores.

"So where are we going?" Monk Shitless brushed off the snow gathering over his bald head and asked.

Bullo was asleep inside the house right now.

Vritra nodded and explained his plan, after a moment he asked:

"Can you create something like that?"

Shitless and Onest had disgusted looks on their faces but they nodded, both couldn't help but smile upon thinking of their plan.

"Yup, we will get to it immediately." They both nodded and hurriedly got to work.

They were going to create a special solution, and the ingredients, although not needed to be followed strictly, would be hard to find in the current weather.

Vritra waited patiently, after a moment he remembered something and picked a few candies from his pocket and threw one into his mouth.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...