Chapter 199: Legion Rank!!

[Blood Lock has been cancelled.]

Vritra was running through various paths and secret spaces as Yasmine guided him forward toward one of the secret exits. He glanced at the message and shook his head in pity.

When he took her virginity and blood came into contact with his body, he had activated the Blood Lock just moments before their consciousness was swept away.

Seeing that more than 40% of her strength had disappeared, they had been together in that position for around an hour and a half.

If they had stayed longer, the empress might have weakened greatly. But as he expected, because of the difference in their levels, she was able to cancel its effects—though it would still take her a little time to get back to peak.

Vritra wasted no time as he continued to run until he arrived in a secret room that was quite safe. He paused there and sat down. He was already dressed up since he just needed to pull out clothes from his inventory and they appeared around his body.

"Huff... That was so strange. What a crazy woman that empress is. Yasmine, do you think she is still chasing after me?" Vritra asked as he took out some water and drank it, before pouring some on top of his head.

"No, you should be safe here. There is only one way to enter here, and without a map, it would take her weeks to arrive here even if she is lucky," Yasmine spoke as she came out of his body and floated around him.

"Are you alright?" she asked worriedly.

"Yeah, it seems so. Oh right, looks like I have obtained the Scarlet Couple inheritance too, so what exactly is it?" Vritra spoke as he pulled out the messages from earlier.

[You have obtained the Scarlet Couple Inheritance.]

[You have acquired the Null.]

Vritra: "..."

He rubbed his eyes and looked at the messages again, but they remained the same.

"What the—? Why are the names getting so strange? Or did I not obtain anything?" Vritra said out loud. He looked at Yasmine and asked, "What do you know about the Scarlet Couple?"

"Hmm... Actually, aside from their names, I don’t remember anything about them. It’s like their existence itself has been erased from everyone’s memory by someone—maybe the gods themselves or the couple did it..." Yasmine replied in an unsure tone.

She was also curious about this inheritance and thought how great it would have been if she and Vritra were the ones to obtain this inheritance together. But that bitch stole that moment.

"Should I give this Null a try?" Vritra thought. Though he was a bit paranoid about the unknown, it shouldn’t be anything too dangerous, right?

After slight hesitation, he decided to try it. Just as the thought of activating this new ability popped in his mind, a faint current passed through his nerves and a strange sort of message appeared in his head.

Vritra closed his eyes and focused on these messages, as he saw two faint silhouettes.

"This thing was a curse for us. Its strength was strong enough to threaten even the gods, making them wary after they found out about its existence.

My wife and I continued to run from the moment we obtained ’Null,’ just searching for a peaceful and safe place. We only wanted to be together and happy.

But no one would just leave us be. In the end, we decided to abandon everything and disappear off to an unknown place where only the two of us exist.

We are leaving behind one of the greatest treasures. Be careful and make sure to protect yourself and your woman. For it could be a boon or a bane, based on how you use it."

And the message disappeared along with the two silhouettes, leaving Vritra pondering just what exactly this Null thing was.

"Fuck, let’s do this." Gritting his teeth, he decided to use it.

[Null activated...]

Suddenly, the surroundings began to twist. Vritra’s eyes turned completely white instantly.

Everything seemed to disappear, only those countless tiny veins remained in the world, along with the flowing of that river. Vritra felt a splitting headache, almost as if someone was cutting his brain with an axe.

Blood began to pour out of his eyes, and Vritra quickly deactivated the skill. He coughed and clutched his head for a while, unable to hear anything. It was like an extreme amount of information had suddenly entered his mind, and his head was on the verge of exploding.

Yasmine called out to him in a worried tone, but he couldn’t hear anything.

After a few minutes had passed, he took several long breaths and lay back, staring at the ceiling. Even though the skill had remained activated for less than a second and it was too confusing and messy, Vritra understood what it exactly was.

Time!!

The ability to interact with and control time itself. Vritra was really baffled—Null was really too powerful. Of course, even the gods would be afraid of someone who could literally have the flow of time in his hand.

But it was more than that. Null wasn’t just an ability; the moment Null is activated, it’s like Vritra has become one with time. Right now, his strength and control over Null were too weak, but he could tell this ability was more than just pausing and moving time.

"I guess it must be that couple who erased themselves from everyone’s memory. I need to get proper control over Null but also make sure no one else knows of its existence," Vritra mumbled to himself. He washed off the blood and soon felt completely refreshed.

He decided to try Null later. If he could control it even to some extent, his strength would increase exponentially. No wonder Yennefer was so crazy about this ability.

In this universe, only two Null bodies could remain. After the previous ones had disappeared, the world had finally obtained the new ones.

If they are allowed to grow, then their strength could easily surpass the gods and reach something far beyond.

"Now it is finally time to level up." Vritra took out the diamond-like stone from his inventory and held it tightly in his hand. He didn’t even need to ask Yasmine about how to use it—he could just feel it.

He sat down in a cross-legged position and clutched the Empty Stone in his palm. Closing his eyes, Vritra felt a cool energy rushing out of the stone and passing through all the pores of his body.

He allowed the energy to enter his body as changes that Vritra couldn’t control began to take place. As the energy rushed out of the Empty Stone, its size began to decrease until it had completely disappeared.

The bottleneck soon completely vanished and all the vast amount of experience points rushed in, as his level began to increase rapidly.

[You have levelled up.]

[You have levelled up.]

[You have levelled up.]

...

Vritra just sat there as he finally stepped into the Legion rank. His strength had instantly increased by a big margin.

He had killed two 2nd Legion-ranked humans before, so the amount of experience points he had gathered was quite large. It took him nearly thirty minutes as waves of intense energy continued to rush out of his body.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...