Chapter 743 The Distant Enemies

"This was the golden time?" Vritra asked in exasperation.

"Yes, the worst is going to be in the time that's to come." Shitless added, sighing.

"…Worse than what I have been through?" Vritra's lips stretched into a thin line.

"Yeah, it is a complete mess, so bad that I am feeling chills, people's futures could be bleak but yours is straight up disaster, it is so cataclysmic that-" Shitless let his emotion take control of him and began to pour his heart out.

"Enough!" Vritra's fragile heart could not handle such heavy words, he sighed, a disastrous adventure had just ended and he hadn't even reached the main difficulty yet?

He didn't want to imagine what a tough time would look like.

"It's alright, we will just have to handle whatever happens later on." Vritra shrugged, it was pointless to think about it for now.

And very soon, their strength was about to increase, it would reach the 3rd level.

After calming his mind, Vritra walked back to his wives.

"What's wrong hubby?" Yasmine asked, taking his hand.

"It's nothing." He shook his head and decided to warn them later, but what was even there to warn about.

They knew nothing and Vritra was always surrounded by trouble, so it really wasn't anything new.

[You are now being teleported back…]

Then all their bodies glowed together and then all eleven of them disappeared.

The ten gods were sent to be judged by Evelyn's father, he was a prominent figure among the higher beings.

Evelyn herself held quite a high position and strength, which is why she was able to be the judge of such a level of trial.

The ten gods for scheming and doing shady things in the background, would be punished.

Though it still wouldn't be too harsh since the gods would still need to continue working.

But in fact they were being punished for getting caught, it wasn't like the gods could actually fool the higher beings, but they would just look the other way if it's not too serious.

Or it doesn't blow up.

After the ten gods, PetoPhil was sent into the world prison, he received the due whips that brought him close to death.

But of course these strikes weren't meant to kill, after the whips he was thrown into the prison.

Until his father arrived and after bribing the guards and a few others, reduced the sentence to just a few days.

Somewhere far away from the Zoratian planet, inside a big glass container which was filled with some blackish sticky fluid.

Inside the fluid a faint figure of something gigantic could be seen, his eyes were closed and he kept absorbing energy from the medicinal fluid.

Various treasures were being used to deliver energy into the tank. Quite a few figures entered and exited the large hall to check up and arrange things.

A few moments of silence later, the tank began to buzz as the liquid inside it started to boil, cracks formed over the thick glass container.

The eyes of the figure opened, glowing with intensity as suddenly the container exploded and a loud roar rang out.

A large lizard-like creature jumped out, his body covered by thick dark scales and a dense aura around his body.

The roar made the floor crack up and several of the people around exploded at once, some fainted and others escaped in terror.

"OUT!! I am finally complete!!"

This guy was none other than Drino, the level 3 Demi-god who had attacked Yasmine and was contracted by the gods to kill her.

The battle against him was very deadly and one that Vritra barely won, that too after the help from his wives, who were using the treasures from the Divine.

Fire of vengeance burned in his eyes, he had been humiliated the last time, his body was destroyed.

He was shot into space and was so helpless that he wasn't even able to escape, that humiliation was buried deep in his mind, imprinted very deeply.

"That damned bug, this time I am going to crush you!" He had looked down on those people and instead of going all out initially he toyed around with them.

Vritra had even stolen so many of his weapons, he would never forget that hateful face.

"I am going to kill him and everyone around him! I want to see him beg, to see him cry, I will beat him to a state that he would start pissing himself!!" Drino roared, an explosive fire bursting out.

His strength was even higher than before, thankfully he had received special treasures from his friends.

"Right, so much time has passed, the strength of that bug must have also increased by a lot. I can't be reckless this time, I have to make preparations first."

Drino decided, he had used brute force last time and failed, he wouldn't let his pride make a fool of himself again.

Then he pondered who to ask for help.

Right, first he should contact the gods and ask for an early payment, so that he could kill Vritra.

The gods must have ways or treasures that would be of great help, they might even have stronger allies.

"Alright, let's meet the gods first!" After making up his mind, he flew away and travelled through space to meet the very god who had asked him to kill Yasmine last time.

After a long travel, he arrived in a bright white space.

He called out several times, but received no response, frowning he called out even louder.

"Quiet!" A loud voice rang out in irritation as a figure appeared before Drino.

It was not the god but the administrator that worked under the gods, still their strength was quite high.

"Administrator? Where is the god?" Drino asked, frowning.

"He has been arrested, in fact all the gods have been arrested after they got caught doing shady things in the background." The administrator spoke in an emotionless tone.

"Huh? Arrested? The gods? Why, what happened?" Drino asked in bafflement, those gods are so strong and plan everything through.

How could they have been arrested?

"They got matched with someone wrong, they messed with the wrong guy this time. They tried to weaken his planet but instead that group broke into the game, killed many players and won the game. Then in the trial, he won and the gods got punished." The administrator quickly explained.

This news had already spread far and wide so there was no problem in sharing it with him.

"What the fuck?!! Who could be this capable? The gods, they got beaten by some random people? Hoo" Drino breathed in cold air, how could the world have changed so much in the time he was away?

Before, the gods were so almighty that no one would dare to stand against them, even someone as excellent as the Divine ended up dead before them.

"Oh right, there is also this video circulating around which you should see." The administrator remembered something and opened the video in which the gods were beaten by someone.

"W- Wha- who is that? Is that someone among the higher beings? How can he beat the gods so easily?" Drino almost fell to his knees upon seeing that.

"I can't tell, it's classified." The administrator shook his head then asked: "So why were you here? Is it something important?"

"Uh… Yeah I wanted to ask for the god's help in killing someone but I didn't expect the gods themselves to be so helpless sigh…" Drino shook his head in disappointment.

"Killing someone? I can help you get contact with some strong people but the commotion can't be too big, and Demi-gods at higher levels won't get involved in such petty matters." The administrator shrugged.

"That is fine, thank you." Drino was still happy, if he could bring several Demi-gods in, he was sure they could kill Vritra easily.

No matter what, he was sure Vritra's strength would be nowhere near his own, even if he got reincarnated during this time.

The games take time, no one can complete them so fast.

After getting more connections, Drino left, he needed to prepare for a powerful attack.

…

Ten figures flashed as they arrived inside a dark house, which was floating in the sky.

Vritra and the others found themselves back inside their house, they were really back.

Right away they all looked outside through the window and saw that the snow was all gone, everything was normal, there were no mutants roaming the roads.

It was all so normal.

"We are back!" Fiona exclaimed.

She thought for a few moments and decided: "Darling I'm going to check up on the Phoenix Kingdom and see how those slackers are doing."

Vritra nodded and in the next second, Fiona turned into a ray of light and disappeared from his sight.

"Guess I will also go check the Succubus Kingdom." Vanessa said, she waited for a moment to see if Vritra also wanted to go.

But he didn't say anything and just nodded, so after a kiss on his lips she too left.

"Hmm should I go check the continent too?" Diana wondered, she was the new empress after all.

"Sure, go ahead, we need to enjoy this peaceful environment." Vritra spoke, patting the goddess's head.

"Thanks dear." Diana too left, as she flew out of the window.

"I will go see that intelligence organization, and the demons of my kingdom." Maeve said as she merged into darkness and disappeared, but not before adding: "I will be back quickly master."

Now, Yennefer, Teresa and Yasmine remained beside him.

Seeing Maeve use that shadow ability, Vritra realised something as he flew out of the house and decided to check something.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading…