Chapter 596 A Disgusting Monster

Slowly the darkness receded from within the hall as everyone stood frozen, all their gazes fixed onto just a single figure.

No one could believe what they were seeing, how could someone who had died over three years ago be back.

'No no, this has to be a joke, a nightmare!! Don't tell me I am still asleep after that sick dream last night?'

Oracle wanted to slap himself but because of fear, it was hard to move even a muscle.

"…" Vritra's gaze swept over the entire hall, seeing the shock in everyone's eyes.

From Sir Giant, Oracle, Kryn and even the members of Twilight.

The murmurs of the guests had instantly turned silent, but the music continued to ring out in the background, making the whole scene more horrific.

"It is good to meet you all, hope you have not forgotten me." Vritra finally spoke, the faint smile on his handsome face made others dread.

"But before that…" he looked around as if searching for someone.

Someone who hadn't made her appearance since he arrived at this wedding, and soon he found her sitting in a corner.

None other than the bitch Sakshi, Tiny's mother, and a woman with the gutter of a mouth.

Rich had made sure that she didn't spoil the wedding so she was sent away early on.

Suddenly a tiny ball of dust formed in front of him and before Sakshi even knew what was going on, it smashed into her face.

BANG

Her nose instantly twisted, and she was thrown backwards, wondering why she was the first to be hit.

"Anyway," Vritra turned around as if nothing had happened, and looked straight at Sir Giant.

"Shall we settle some debts?" as Vritra spoke, Sir Giant shivered. His entire family was here, and he was way weaker than he was in the war several years ago.

Remembering the horror of that demon, he knew if it was really Vritra, then everyone here would be buried with him.

"V- V- Vritra?!!" Jack stared in bafflement as deep fear rose in his heart.

"No this isn't real, Vritra is dead. Who are you, why are you trying to imitate him?" Oracle finally cleared his mind, and finally relaxed.

"Is that so?" Vritra suddenly shifted his gaze and then his body disappeared, appearing right in front of Oracle.

"Is it really that hard to believe?" while speaking he patted Oracle's shoulder lightly, but a faint wisp of energy entered his body.

Sir Giant stared at him, even though so many years had passed, he could never forget a moment of that war.

And sensing the energy, it was definitely Vritra.

"H- How are you back? Didn't you die all that time ago?" Sir Giant couldn't help but ask, despite the fear in his heart.

Knowing that they stood no chance against this monstrous entity, he knew the chances of survival were nil.

But he just wanted to safely move his family.

Looking at Rich, Tiny, Shen and finally at Teresa, he had to move all of them away at any cost.

'Where did Art go? I have to protect him too.' He thought, despite the conflict between them, Art was still his grandson-in-law.

How could he allow him to die in this place.

"Well I will have to thank my good friend, Oracle, for that. Although he put on quite a show for you all, but from the beginning he was on my side."

Vritra spoke, as all the gazes moved onto the baffled Oracle.

None in the crowd dared to speak or move, they weren't even sure if they could survive this.

Fully aware of how much damage the continent had suffered all that time ago, they were already filled with despair.

The priest on the stage cursed his luck, he should not have come here at any cost.

At first he had refused to come but because of the high rewards, he had come in the end.

It was his greed which brought him to his death, he regretted not forgetting about worldly pleasures as a priest.

"What lies are you s- spouting, when did I help you?" Oracle instantly shouted, trying to find a way to escape from there.

"Haha, quite the actor aren't you? Well there is no longer a need to pretend, why don't you show everyone your true form?" Vritra said as he flashed away and stood with his arms folded.

'What does this mean?' Sir Giant and all others looked doubtfully at Oracle, still too shocked at the sudden arrival of a dead person.

"Stop! Don't you-" but just as he was speaking, Oracle suddenly felt something twisting in his body.

He vomited several mouthfuls of black blood instantly and extreme pain shot through his body as every bone in his body began to break, his flesh splitting.

Under everyone's terrifying gaze, Oracle's body started to mutate, turning into a demonic figure as dark energy seeped out of his body.

A loud ear-piercing scream rang out, making the people cover their ears as they moved back in fear.

"H- How can this be? Oracle was a demon all along?!!"

All the people received the second shock of the day, how could their protector itself be an enemy?

Then what fate awaited them all if that very protector was a demon?

Even the people from Golden Moon, the other five seats and others looked terrified, quickly moving away from the terrifying monster.

After rising to a height of over ten feet, Oracle's transformation finally ended.

His reddish muscles were bursting as blood veins were constantly exploding, he was pushed into this form forcefully.

Of course it was because of the thing he made Oracle drink earlier.

"Good, there is no longer a need to be afraid. Show your might, Demon Oracle." Vritra chuckled as he saw Oracle scream constantly in pain.

He felt an intense hunger, it made him feel as if he was dying and countless insects were eating him from inside.

Oracle's body was bursting with power at this moment as he juiced every bit of his power and potential.

After the transformation ended, he would lose it all.

His gaze moved around, and quickly landed on a man.

Stomping the ground, he jumped and before the other person could react, he grabbed and bit down hard.

Amidst the screams, the sound of flesh being torn and bones cracking rang out, this man was none other than Kryn.

Of course he had just taken over a human body, as soon as his shell was broken, he was about to come out.

But Vritra not only wanted to torture him physically but mentally also.

Trample over his reputation and turn him into a cannibal monster.

No one noticed as darkness flashed and Hellmancer quickly dragged Kryn away, the poor guy had no chance.

But instead of killing him instantly, Hellmancer sent him through inhumane torture.

After all he was also one of the participants in the war all those years ago.

After a long torture he would simply be devoured.

On the other side everyone stared in bafflement as Oracle turned into a human-eating monster, everyone fleeing away.

While the one suffering the most was obviously Oracle, not only was he enduring the extreme physical pain.

But even the disgust and mental trauma, watching as everyone who respected and feared him looked at him with disgust.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...