Chapter 748 The Unexpected

All the people didn't even realize what had happened and over a hundred of the lords were dead.

'What a waste.' Vritra shook his head, but he let the Nihilanima mythic halo spread around and consume all the souls.

Not to create any soul wraiths but just as its food.

The Nihilanima with his help had already returned to its peak strength, it could even devour demi-gods now.

Even Piku was killed along with the others, leaving only Omega alive among all the opposing lords.

"Hmm not bad, as expected of you."

But what was actually shocking was that Omega didn't show any change of expression.

Vritra was expecting him to show a complete 180 after seeing Yasmine's strength, shouldn't he be afraid?

Either he is really crazy or has some backup, and the latter case might not be good.

Vritra, Yasmine, Yennefer and Teresa, all of them were confused by Omega's strange behaviour.

"Huh? Oh right, I should be scared at this moment aaaaaah" Omega let out a dramatic scream before standing straight, his lips stretching wide.

"Hmm I am still getting used to this body, this skin is kinda tight, too small for me." Pinching his own skin as if he was handling a piece of cloth, Omega muttered.

"Wait, that's not Omega!" Yasmine and the others realized this at the same time.

"Who are you?" Vritra asked, his eyes narrowing. He glanced at the messages of the sin points but it wasn't of any help.

The man walked back and forth, looking at the pieces of the bodies of all the lords that had exploded.

'He has been here for quite some time, and he doesn't seem surprised by seeing us, was he waiting? But who can it be?' Vritra was ready to attack and defend.

"He has two fates…" Teresa muttered, the other guy, Omega, was still somehow alive.

It wasn't just a normal takeover, it was like half the body belonged to one and the other half to another.

"Well hello, as you guys already guessed. I am not Omega, I took over him quite some time ago." Omega spoke, throwing his long hair back.

Then he continued in the same tone: "As for your second question, I think my name was Zihong or something…"

Vritra: "!!!"

This name definitely rang a bell in Vritra, Teresa, Yasmine and Yennefer's minds, they had also heard of Zihong's inheritance.

This was the demi-god who got stuck on this planet? Wasn't this guy dead?

Vritra had obtained that charge fist from him which later evolved into radioactive fist, and it was a very powerful attack.

It had even helped him against Drino, the level three demon god who almost killed him.

And this guy was the original owner of that skill.

"Yes yes, judging from your shock, you have heard of that name." Omega spoke, his smile widening.

"And seems like you have also been into that inheritance, no?" Omega asked, his gaze focused only on Vritra.

"…" Vritra said nothing, as dust and blood began to swirl around him.

"Haha easy easy, I am not here to fight, not for now at least." Omega said with a shake of his head.

"What exactly are you here for?" Vritra asked, so this guy really was here because of him.

"Nothing much, how about you give me back my skill and the things you took from my treasury?" Omega said in a calm tone.

"Skill? Treasury? What are you talking about? I didn't get anything like that." Vritra shrugged, playing ignorant though he knew this wouldn't work.

Somehow this guy had managed to discover that it was him who had taken those things, so he had his ways.

But how did he escape? Wasn't he supposed to always be locked?

And die in the end.

This was giving him a headache, they had just returned from a nightmare and now this.

Zihong was quite a powerful demi-god, his strength was at level 5 or 6 probably, if he could get his full strength, then Vritra really would be in trouble.

"Haa not that I expected you to give it back just because I asked, the things from the treasury could be given back easily but the skill. It can only be obtained after you are dead, so can you die for me?"

Omega's smile became twisted as he asked, a crazed look on his face.

BANG

Vritra wasted no time, it was obvious this guy was an enemy and it was better to make the first move.

A blade of dust cleaved through the air and cut horizontally, and shockingly, it easily cut Omega into two.

THUD THUD

Both his arms fell off first, near the elbows and then the upper body slid off, cut from near the chest.

The two parts of the body fell down one by one, but Vritra was not done.

BOOOOOM

BANG CRASH SIZZLE

He launched one attack after another, until not a piece of Omega's skin was left, it was all destroyed.

"Huh? We are done? Is that all?" Vritra frowned, there is no way Zihong would be gone just like that.

"Sigh he might come back again, looks like this was just a warning." Yennefer spoke, she had sensed that Zihong was not serious at all just now.

He was just here to tell them what he wanted, or more importantly, warn them.

"Haa And here appears yet another problem, wifey, deal with things here. We will head to meet Tess's ex-family first." Vritra said.

"Hmm" Yasmine nodded.

'Knight stay here.' He ordered, with a level 3 demi-god ranked soul wraith, he would be more assured of her safety.

Not to mention she still had that protective barrier from the divine, so she would be fine.

Now he was starting to feel worried about his other wives too, maybe he was getting too confident and this simple encounter humbled him a great deal.

He still can't be too careless even on this planet, who knows what threats might arrive.

The gods might retaliate too.

They should quickly increase their strength to level 3, as soon as he is done with meeting the Fords, he will do it.

After thinking, Vritra ordered his other soul wraiths to spread and protect his other wives.

Then he created a portal and disappeared with Yennefer and Teresa, Yasmine looked around and sighed.

And here she was hoping to have some peaceful time, and wait a few months to welcome their child.

Soon after Vritra had left, all the other women arrived in the dragon kingdom, they were already done with checking up on various things.

Yasmine explained everything that happened, as they all got serious.

This was indeed a big problem, they had a powerful enemy hidden somewhere, someone who could attack at any time.

And his goal? To kill Vritra…

And from the short encounter with Zihong, he seemed to be the type of guy who would do anything to reach his goal.

So they would have to be extremely careful from now on.

Vritra, Yennefer and Teresa arrived directly inside the Ford realm.

Clearing his mind of the recent event, he wondered how Rich is doing, that is the only good person among the remaining Fords.

He also wondered how that live-in son-in-law of the Fords is doing, Tiny's husband.

It was time to pay them all a visit.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...