Chapter 173: The Empress

Vritra and Fiona walked out of the hotel, they passed through the street hand in hand and soon arrived in the market.

The two were instantly surprised by the huge crowd there, as if some big celebrity was passing by. There weren’t only young men now—the crowd filled the large streets and spread over a vast distance.

"Hmm, is it also because of the competition? It doesn’t look like that though, is someone important entering the kingdom?" Vritra mumbled to himself. He walked along the crowded road and the two halted at a place where the crowd was a bit thin.

Vritra looked at one of the overly excited middle-aged men and asked: "What’s going on here?"

"Haven’t you heard yet? The Empress is coming into our kingdom!! Can you believe that, the human Empress herself will be coming here and I will be able to see her!!" the man wearing a suit spoke as if every wish of his life had been fulfilled.

"The human Empress?" Vritra asked. He did hear Yasmine and Monk Shitless mention her, but his knowledge about this world was still quite limited.

But seeing the crowd, Vritra had a strong urge to jump into the air and shout to get everyone’s attention. That would give him so many sin points instantly—but this was not the right time.

The Blue Kingdom was too dangerous at this time, so it was better not to get too much attention. Even Daddy V probably won’t come out during the competition.

"Yes, I had heard she is extremely beautiful. The second most beautiful woman alive in the entire world, even the ’Emperor’—the strongest human alive—had to use all his abilities, connections and whatnot to finally win her heart and get engaged to her. But I had heard some rumors..." The man in the suit looked to the left and right before whispering to Vritra.

"I had heard the Empress has no interest in marrying the Emperor, that is why even though they got engaged more than five years ago they never got married. The Empress is very cold, brutal, emotionless and has absolutely no feelings—she kills anyone without second thoughts.

She is like the most beautiful fire, but if you get even a little close, you will end up getting burnt to death. Sigh... that cold personality, that feeling that no one could obtain her, that is what makes her even more attractive.

The Emperor loves her too much though, he even sent his personal protector for her and surrounded the entire Blue Kingdom. No one is allowed to enter now." The middle-aged man just continued to speak.

But Vritra did get a few useful pieces of info out of that. After a moment he asked in his mind:

’Wifey, what do you think about this all?’

"Looks like the Scarlet Couple inheritance is about to open or maybe it already is, and the Empress wants to restrict such a great treasure for herself using the Emperor’s power. I had met her before, she is indeed quite violent and a bit weaker than me.

It would be better if you don’t get involved with her. She would think later and kill first—a madwoman. Love holds absolutely no value for her. But the Emperor is crazy for her, you won’t believe how much he had to do just to get engaged with that emotionless woman.

She would do anything to achieve her goal, that’s why despite not being in love with the Emperor she agreed to get engaged to him after a deal they made. Oh right, she hates demons with all her heart." Yasmine explained, remembering that violent woman.

Vritra looked at the middle-aged man and decided to ask the most important thing he found in all his speech: "If the Empress is the second most beautiful woman, then who is the first? And I heard the Dragon Queen is also very beautiful."

"... I don’t know. I have only heard about her being the second. As for the Dragon Queen, well, she is long dead—but yeah she shared the second position with the Empress before. She was also extremely beautiful." The middle-aged man said, before focusing on the road.

"Let’s leave." Vritra looked at Fiona and spoke. He didn’t have any interest in the Empress nor the Scarlet Inheritance—both are too dangerous. It was better to just let his strength grow in a bit more safe environment. He would die with just a flick of a finger from the people of the Empress’s level.

It was a pity that he couldn’t get it, but life is more important in the end.

"Wait, I want to see what the Empress looks like. I had heard she is very strong, and the only woman who can even make the Emperor lose his composure. Can we wait a bit longer?" Fiona asked with curiosity in her eyes. She gave him a puppy look.

Vritra was aware of his bad luck—he would end up getting involved in the most deadly situations just by being present there—so he did want to leave, but after looking at her cute face he felt that there shouldn’t be any problem.

"Fine, let’s wait and see." Vritra nodded and patted her head, as Fiona hugged him in joy and gave a peck on his lips.

The crowd was full of chatter—it seemed as if everyone had come out of their houses just to get a good look at the woman of everyone’s dreams.

’Well, if I am only standing here in such a big crowd, I doubt she will even notice me. I am sure everything will be fine.’ Vritra calmed himself and waited along with Fiona in the crowd.

Around thirty minutes passed, but there were no signs of anyone coming. Vritra sighed—he could have been spending this time in a better way with Fiona, rather than waiting to see a woman pass by.

Fiona too didn’t want to waste all their time together just standing there, but the two decided to wait ten more minutes.

Five or so minutes had passed, when the sky seemed to have darkened all of a sudden. All the eyes were drawn towards the sky as everyone watched in awe at the countless soldiers that floated in the air and covered a large part of the city.

The Emperor truly sent so many people with her. Vritra felt that the Emperor might actually be a simp for her.

Finally, the crowd roared as their voices thundered across the entire city. From the entrance of the city, a red dot became visible and soon Vritra saw the Empress fly over the path created by those soldiers dressed in blue armors.

She wasn’t flying too fast nor too slow. All the people could only get one look before she passed by them, but the people seemed to have gone mad just from that one sight.

After a minute, the Empress flew through the path in front of Vritra and Fiona. The Empress was uninterestedly looking at her surroundings, scanning the crowd of thousands with just a casual look.

{Sin Point Gained: Watched +1}

Vritra suddenly felt goosebumps in his body when the Empress’s gaze moved over him and that notification popped. He was a bit afraid that she might recognize that he is a demon.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...