Chapter 703 Enemies in front and back!

Vritra and the others were flying over the blood cart, killing thousands of the mutants on their way.

Just as they passed by the centre of the city, they came across a human base which was engaged in a battle against mutants.

Without stopping, Vritra used a spiritual burst to kill all the mutants at once and continued.

He was quite curious to see what would happen after he crossed the 10th evolution.

Is that the limit or are there more stages after that?

He was pretty close to bringing all his attributes to 10,000, and after that he would need a large number of sin points.

Killing these creatures wouldn't increase his stats much, thankfully he could still just purchase the attribute points.

"W- What just happened? How did they all die?" the people in the human base were all baffled, they really thought all of them were going to die this time.

Finally they saw the blood cart, but couldn't see who was on top of it.

"Hurry, return inside the building!" they shouted, and after bowing, all the humans ran back inside.

The flood has really made things difficult for everyone.

"Master, we are close to one of the forbidden zones, if this map is still correct then it should be a kilometre to our right." Maeve spoke, she held a big map in her hands.

"Hmm let's go check it out, but will that place still be fine after this flood?" Vritra wondered.

And there is a high chance these forbidden zones would be of no benefit to them.

These places became forbidden zones because of how dangerous they were, it didn't necessarily mean they would have any treasure.

And this level of difficulty was nothing for Vritra and the group.

"I will just use my shadows to check it." Maeve replied, and Vritra changed the direction of the cart slightly.

"Wait, there are several protectors ahead." Suddenly Divine spoke as the cart came to an abrupt stop.

'Towards the forbidden zone? Why would they be gathered there?' Vritra asked.

"Yes, close to it. It was probably random, or maybe they found some clue to reach you." Divine replied with a shrug.

Vritra just rolled his eyes, he looked at Yasmine and spoke: "Wifey, you know your self proclaimed brother from previous life is an asshole."

"Yeah I do, I don't know why anyone would want to sacrifice themselves to save someone like that." Yasmine shook her head, wondering if she was just stupid in her previous life.

"Ouch Ouch." Divine received several critical blows, he could still handle Vritra's cursing.

But hearing such harsh words from his caring older sister? It hit him like knives slicing through his heart.

"Fine, they have found you, I was just trying not to scare you." Divine said, probably pouting.

"What? How?" Vritra frowned, pondering his next moves.

Despite the increase in his strength, he knew killing a demi god was impossible for him alone.

After all no one in this game was supposed to fight a real demi god, their starting point was zero and even as their strength grows they wouldn't reach the demi god level 0.

"They might have used that memory tracing treasure, and maybe through someone you have met here, they got information about you." Divine added.

'Through Shitless's slave? Ergen?' Vritra wondered, that was the only person who knew a lot about them.

So, through his memory they probably know our goal is that tower, sigh this is troublesome.

They might also be thinking that we would be clearing all the forbidden zones, so not heading there was the right decision.

"What's wrong, dear?" Diana asked, seeing the frown over Vritra's face.

"It's the protectors, they are present near the forbidden zone and might know our general location." Vritra spoke, changing the direction.

"We will take a bit of a detour to avoid them." He added.

"Alright, I wonder how they were able to find us right after we left the beast cave." Vanessa mumbled.

Vritra explained the possible reason, as they quickly approached the boundary of the city, the faster they leave the better.

But just then…

"Wait, there are several administrators surrounding the city." Divine spoke, making Vritra's frown deepen.

'Such a jinx you are, can't you ever give good news?' he complained, but was thankful for the help.

The administrators were here to catch the protectors and remove them from the game.

So normally they wouldn't interfere with the participants of the game.

But Vritra and the others' presence is an anomaly, if anyone noticed anything, then they would be in even more trouble.

And none of them would want to mess it up after fighting tirelessly inside the cave.

The cart came to a stop.

"What's wrong, pitiful one?" Shitless asked after Vritra stopped again.

Vritra sighed and stood up, then walking he flew up and observed the surroundings.

While doing so he explained the circumstances to both of them.

"What?! Outside are administrators and inside are the protectors? What are we going to do?" Shitless panicked instantly.

"We need to make the two parties meet." Vritra mumbled.

He flew higher, as the cart descended towards the water.

"Yenni, hide it for now." He called, as an air bubble appeared around the cart and it submerged into the flood water.

Then sounds of blasts echoed and Vritra sped towards the direction of the forbidden zone.

He could already sense the presence of nine men and with their strength, they too had sensed him.

But Vritra wasn't planning to fight them, he just needed to do one thing and that was to create a big enough explosion.

Energy began to burst out of Vritra's body, as he suddenly transformed into a blood demon, far more horrifying than before.

The surrounding air was covered by a bloody mist, Vritra's body grew rapidly with the Evomorph skill, quickly crossing 100 feet.

The nine protectors sensed it and rapidly approached the gigantic figure which just kept growing.

"This is him, he is our target. We have to bring him back, alive!" one of them spoke.

"But at the rate he is expanding at, he is going to explode. That energy blast will kill him." Another added.

The nine protectors glanced at each other and decided to first stop the explosion then arrest him, it was risky to stay here for too long anyway.

And they had been here for so long already.

[Domain Activated!]

A big semi sphere of blood suddenly appeared around the large monster, as its size rose even more, a dreadful amount of energy filling it.

It grew over two hundred feet, visible even from a big distance, it looked very scary.

Lightning thundered in the sky, dark clouds covering everything as the blood monster expanded more and more.

The administrators standing outside noticed the changes, frowns appearing over their faces.

At this point of time, there shouldn't be anyone, neither player nor mutant or even any human who should have reached that level, especially in this area.

So it was probably the doing of those protectors.

The administrators had to stop this explosion, they couldn't let anyone die because of external intervention.

Both sides approached the red giant, ready to stop it, as the deadly energy suddenly and violently shot up towards the sky.

WHOOSH

The blood monster appeared in the sky and then it just turned into a bloody rain, the energy dispersing as it vanished.

Baffling both sides.

❖❖❖

Thanks for reading...