Chapter 289. Xythia

"But it seems that Goddess Xythia is unhappy."

As soon as William spoke the name of the goddess, the dark cave suddenly illuminated. The three women grew alarmed, while William immediately forced Maris into the Domain of Infinite, he felt that she would die just from the pressure that was about to descend.

Suddenly, green glittering dust began to float around the cavern.

Outside the cellar, every subordinate of William, along with the prisoners, suddenly lost their consciousness and fell to the ground like puppets whose strings had been cut.

Meanwhile inside the cellar, Tamasya, Samantha, and Anastasia all collapsed to the ground as an immense pressure descended upon them.

It was a pressure strong enough to make them panic, yet their heads remained lowered. Their instincts screamed at them, warning them not to even attempt to raise their heads unless they wanted to lose their sight.

Meanwhile, William remained standing calmly without any effect on him. A sigil began forming in the air, as if an invisible quill were drawing it. The radiant white sigil centered around a drop of glowing elixir, covered by two leaf sprouts, with a crown above the drop.

The sigil surprisingly cast a shadow on the wall behind it, and that shadow took the shape of angelic wings surrounding a spear-like form, hinting at the dual nature of the entity that was about to appear.

William already knew it was Xythia because he had concluded that he had just rendered her curse ineffective and that might have pissed her off. Curses were not simple things, and the system had not held back when explaining their significance when his mother had mentioned it.

Apparently, in this world, any being could place a curse as long as they met certain conditions. Curses were of different types, and each one of them was driven by certain forces. In the case of the Luneria sisters, the curse was driven by a force capable of influencing their fate and destiny.

What exactly that force was, and what fate lines truly meant, the system had chosen to leave unexplained for now, as it wanted William to focus on the immediate situation.

Meanwhile, William pieced together what he could and looked at a certain effect of his talent, Lawless Adaptation (Supreme).

—————⁜⁜⁜—————

Fate Immunity:

- The host is not bound by the universe’s laws of destiny. Predetermined outcomes can not anchor him.

- The host’s secrets can not be revealed by any ability, divination, prophecy, spiritual sense, or truth-reading unless he willingly allows it.

—————⁜⁜⁜—————

He was not sure, but he understood that maybe the reason he had been able to save Samantha’s son was due to this effect of his supreme talent called Fate Immunity.

Because curses were like plants, and the force that drove them was like water, William reasoned that he had somehow blocked the influence of that force in case of Xythia’s curse. The only possible explanation he could find was Fate Immunity.

Of course, it could also mean that the curse had been worded in such a way that people other than the curse bearer could save their loved ones. After all, Samantha’s son had managed to survive even before he came into contact with William.

And his own mother, who was the bearer of the same curse, had not lost her family completely; they had just lost the ability to protect.

But in those exceptional cases, a goddess had not descended as it was now. So William knew that he had definitely done something that had forced a goddess to descend, and he was thinking whether he should ask the goddess herself.

After a lot of thought, he decided to weigh the attitude of this deity towards them and then decide the words he chose.

Of course, this was not the real Goddess Xythia. Instead, William observed with his omniscient eyes that she was using her connection with Samantha to manifest a projection. Nonetheless, this projection was stronger than Tamasya and his mother.

William looked at the three women being suppressed by the goddess’s pressure, while he himself remained unaffected. He remembered the times in the past when people had tried to suppress him with their presence, but somehow he had not been suppressed by them.

The reason may be his divine physique, but he was not sure.

At first, it had been Klaus - the Sword Saint, after William had sparred with Ethan a year ago, that guy had tried to intimidate Will with his aura, but had failed. He had also remained unaffected by the pressure emitted by the professors of the academy, including Bloodrose, Morgan, and a few officers in the military camp.

He had been able to resist the pressure of several people when he saved Seraphine as the White Raven. So most of the time, William had been immune to intimidation through presence.

The only exception had been Shadow.

Yes, the shadow element that had crushed William instantly when he had stood in front of Tamasya for the first time.

"So it means the shadow element is superior to a god??" That was the question, as well as a speculative conclusion William came to. He also reasoned that it meant all elements must be superior forces relative to the gods.

This realization at least made the depth and importance of the word "god" weaker in his mind, though he knew he himself was not on the level of a god yet.

Suddenly, he came out of his stupor and tried to force Tamasya, Anastasia, and Samantha’s son inside the Domain of Infinite because the Mark of Destiny had been placed on them.

[Don’t !! First, remove that green dust around them.]

The system stopped William midway. He did not understand, but he did not feel right to question the system right now.

The condition to place the Mark of Destiny was to save an individual from their fated death.

William’s belief that he had touched and disrupted fate was also due to the presence of the Mark of Destiny, which had manifested on Samantha’s son, his mother, and Tamasya, who carried the mark from before.

Though the mark had not manifested in the other people of the Luneria clan, they had been saved by Tamasya’s antitodes, and even though William was involved, he was not the direct saviour.

The mark had surprisingly been placed on Anne two days earlier than when Winston intended to kill her, and that fact led William to think whether the specific mark or the whole talent - fatebound could see the future and find out whether someone was safe or not.

He also noticed the titles Fate Immunity and Fate Bound. The word "fate" itself was intertwined throughout William’s entire talent pool. It seemed like things were not so simple about him, and that fact did not surprise him.

There were never too many coincidences.

William shook his head, an amused smile etched on his face.

Even while a goddess was about to appear and the energy sigil was almost complete, he was still wandering in his thoughts.

He laughed at himself dryly. Truly, there were never too many coincidences.

For now, he wanted to do something. He could not let his women and his mother bear the pressure of such suppression.

He walked toward them.

Meanwhile, an energy projection of a lady appeared, holding a pair of green saplings in her hands. She was adorned in sparkling white robes that interacted with the green glittering dust in the room.

A small smile was etched on her face as she slowly noticed William walking toward the mortal women struggling on the ground.

He knelt in front of Anastasia, Samantha’s son, and Tamasya and conjured a small barrier of Variance Energy around them. As soon as the barrier formed, the pressure exerted by the goddess’s presence was cut off.

The green dust around them was washed away under the influence of Variance Energy, and the two women lost consciousness instantly, indicating the immense pressure they had been resisting had exhausted all their mana.

William scoffed for a moment at the irony. The cultivation realm both Anne and Tammy were at was called the Godhood Realm on Aris, but the amount of resistance they had been able to put up in front of a real god made it clear that whoever had named these cultivation realms on Aris was coping with names for not being able to reach the level of gods.

As soon as the two women and the young man were safe, William noticed that Samantha had already lost consciousness. He could not bring her into his domain for a reason.

"I hoped you didn’t intend to harm your own vessel," William spoke before standing up and turning to look at the silent goddess smiling at him with amusement-filled eyes.

His words did not change her reaction one bit. Instead, she spoke while resting one of her hands against her face. She eased into a relaxed sitting posture, as if seated on an invisible seat levitating in the air.

The goddess looked at William with a playful gaze and chuckled in her deep, feminine voice.

"Should we start with the fact that you ignored me for fifteen seconds after my descent and went to care for these mortal women? Is a goddess nothing in your eyes?"

William looked at Xythia and chuckled.

"For me, those mortal women are actually goddesses."

A gleam of amusement passed through Xythia’s eyes. For her, the upcoming conversation was going to be interesting.

---------------

image of xythia -

image of her symbol -