Chapter 321. Like Father, Like Son - 1

William’s spatial domain collapsed under the weight of Lux’s attack.

His eyes widened, and he immediately employed the heavenly thunder to accelerate his speed and reaction time to change his position. Just a few microseconds later, Lux’s afterimage passed right through that spot with clear intent to pierce through William’s body.

William used Blink this time, creating a significant distance before dodging every strike too closely.

He used several spells from his arsenal, but all of them remained useless; he was just escaping using Blink, which was the 2nd form of the void sovereignty spell, and it was consuming quite a lot of mana.

William still dodged every attack, irritating Lux to the core.

This happened for a few minutes before.

crack

Lux suddenly saw the barrier that he had formed cracking above the sky.

William also looked above and smiled; it seemed that Lady Velma had descended. Now she would need only two minutes to break this barrier, as she had claimed.

Lux looked up and sensed a strong presence; he knew something was not right, and he gritted his teeth in anger.

He had not just come here to intervene in these mortal matters but also for a greater purpose; he had come here to reap a hundred thousand souls, but everything had gone to shit because of this mere mortal.

This sword he was holding would have become a medium for him to reap those souls and take them back to the upper realm; under the pretext of Rudra’s death, Lux had made his pawn, Winston, arrange a pathway for this sword to descend with the help of the demons.

In reality, he did not give a shit about that guy who was rotting in a coffin; he had his own plans that served his personal interests. To carry them out, he needed a lot of souls, and what better place to harvest them than his own backyard—the scarred lands?

He had planned to do that under the guise of supporting his faction, his church on Aris, when Winston would have executed Tamasya and Annasthaia. Lux would have sown the seeds of hate in the minds of the common people and started a revolution.

Then Winston would have been used by him to carry out a genocide and refill his soul reserves.

But this mortal had ruined most of these plans at the last minute; now the whole city had disappeared, and he had only 2 minutes to do what he needed to.

How dare a mortal ruin everything?

Earlier, he had figured that he had almost fifteen minutes to complete the task till the barrier broke under the assault of heaven; he just needed to clear out one province to get that many souls, but now, along with the heavenly will, there was another presence trying to barge inside. And the cracks on the barrier were starting to be visible clearly; he only had approximately 2 minutes now.

Lux was now counting his options to decide what he would do: would he kill a hundred thousand souls, or would he kill this worthless pest in front of him?

He immediately made his decision and was about to move when suddenly, he heard an incantation.

Void Sovereignty Spell

7th form: Black Hole.

As soon as those words left William’s mouth, all his mana drained completely; all of it disappeared from his core and revolved around him before concentrating itself into a small black dot the size of the tip of a quill.

But the menacing destruction it caused was irreversible; lands, trees, clouds—everything was drawn as if unimaginable gravity exerted itself.

Lux immediately felt a strong pulling force; his expression panicked for a moment, and he thought he was done for.

The sword in his hand rang in panic; after all, Lux had taken a physical form in Winston’s body, and the sword itself had descended to the ground. If they both got swallowed, then all their efforts would go to waste.

Meanwhile, William felt all his strength lost; the spell did not affect him since he was the chanter, but the loss of mana was too much for him to handle. Had he not sensed Lux’s intent with his omniscient eyes, he would have still tried not to use this mana-draining spell. But he was sure that if he had not activated it, then in the next second his head would have been separated from his body.

His core pained like crazy; it was already overburdened by the forceful increase in cultivation that happened due to the soul-harvesting formation, and now its mana was empty due to the use of the highest form of a god spell.

William’s figure fell through the sky, while his tired eyes hoped that the black hole was enough to hold Lux for a minute at least.

William fell towards the barren, uprooted, destroyed expanse below; meanwhile, Lux, ever so tenacious, forced himself onto the ground and pinned himself with the sword to avoid the pull.

He looked at the black hole in the sky, and his eyes widened. His head turned to look at William and concluded that this mortal was too much of a threat to him, and even if he left today, this mortal in the future would become the biggest obstacle in his path.

He needed to kill this mortal today, no matter what.

With that conviction in his mind and a heavy bloodlust, Lux walked opposite to the pulling force of the black hole, slowly approaching the flaccid figure of William.

Will watched it from hindsight and knew he was in trouble; he stood up and started running despite the pain. That was the only thing he could do to delay Lux’s approach.

[Ding!! The host’s core has been cracked.

[Ding!! Absolute adaptation is awakening...]

The absolute adaptation was a really overpowered talent, and William always recognized that, but the only thing that made him frown about this talent was the soul-piercing pain he felt when the talent activated to adapt to something serious.

As soon as the talent activated, a shrill cry left William’s mouth, his figure staggered, and he fell to the ground; the unbelievable pull of the black hole was gone at that instant.

Sunchaser witnessed this by Velma’s side in the sky above and disappeared, only to try appearing through William’s summoning bond.

But due to no mana and a cracked core, his attempt was always blocked.

Even Lady Velma, who was the epitome of calm and elegance, could be seen to hurry her attempts to break that barrier.

The heavenly being looked at the scene below and clenched his head; he screamed several warnings at Lux, but they went ignored.

William screamed in pain loudly. His teary eyes looked at the sky; there was no sun.

splurge

Suddenly, he puked a mouthful of blood.

He saw the white blade of that divine sword that he had been dodging earlier pass right through his abdomen; his mana core was pierced through the middle, and the blade came out from the front of his chest.