Chapter 70

"Senior Leo, you..." Facing Leo who had suddenly turned on him to fiercely support Alex, Knox nearly vomited blood in sheer anger. But he maintained his firm attitude, grinding his teeth.

"Then why did my Five-Colored Phoenix Lord die?"

"Moreover, the spiritual energy of the Phoenix Blood Essence is gathered exactly within this woman’s body!"

"If she didn’t kill it, who did?!"

Before he could even finish his righteous, indignant tirade, Knox’s impassioned expression froze completely on his face.

A giant, crimson lizard crawled out from underneath the Five-Colored Phoenix Lord’s corpse.

Impressively, a Blood-Sucking Demonic Lizard with Nascent Soul Realm strength.

Closely following it was a second, a third.

Over twenty Blood-Sucking Demonic Lizards had been hiding beneath the corpse. After sucking the fresh blood completely dry, they scattered and scurried away in all directions.

"This... this..." Knox was so utterly shocked he couldn’t even form words.

Leo feigned absolute horror. "Blood-Sucking Demonic Lizards!"

"These are among the most terrifying vicious beasts in our Five Poisons Valley!"

"Over twenty Blood-Sucking Demonic Lizards are absolutely enough to instantly put that Five-Colored Phoenix Lord to death!"

Watching Leo’s exaggerated acting, Alex secretly praised him in his heart.

This old brat actually knows how to read the room and act accordingly. It seems that not killing him and keeping him around as a chess piece was the right move.

Although Knox found the cause of death incredibly hard to believe, faced with this bloody reality right before his eyes, he was completely powerless to argue.

"Knox, did you see that?" Alex said coldly.

"Your Five-Colored Phoenix Lord was clearly killed by these Blood-Sucking Demonic Lizards."

"Yet you falsely accused Joanna and even beat her until she was heavily injured."

"How should I settle this debt with you?!"

Facing Alex’s continuous interrogation, Knox trembled uncontrollably. The hairs on his body standing on end. After a long while, he muttered guiltily.

"Settle... settle what debt?"

"You snatched so many of my treasures, isn’t that enough to offset one life..."

"Bullshit!" Alex’s eyes widened in fury. He launched a palm strike through the void.

Instantly, the ground surrounding Knox was blasted apart, forming hideous, jagged fissures. Although it didn’t cause him the slightest physical harm, it was enough to scare him completely out of his wits.

"Those treasures were willingly offered to me by them."

"Furthermore, even if they were truly snatched by me, what does that have to do with you?"

"A mere pile of dead objects cannot possibly compare to the life of a disciple of my Hale family!"

"You insolent whelp, you are clearly courting death!"

Seeing Alex in uncontrollable rage, his killing intent looking as if it would swallow Knox whole, Leo’s eyes darted around. He hurriedly stepped forward to smooth things over.

"Saint Lord Alex, please... please calm down."

"The most urgent matter at hand is to save Lady Joanna first!"

"You’re right." Alex nodded hastily. Looking at the bloody palm print on Joanna’s abdomen, he revealed a look of absolute panic and muttered to himself.

"Such a severe injury is enough to take half her life."

"In this desolate wilderness, with no doctors around, how can I save you?"

"Saint Lord Alex, I have an idea!" Leo flickered forward, charging right at Knox. Without any explanation and showing absolutely no mercy, he snatched the Innate Poison Cloud right out of his hands.

He then knelt before Alex, as if worshipping a deity, and respectfully presented it with both hands.

"This Innate Poison Cloud contains the power left behind by the Thousand Poisons Saint."

"As long as it is consumed, one can obtain the Innate Poison King Saint Body!"

"The Innate Poison King Saint Body can not only manipulate toxins and render one invulnerable to a thousand poisons, but it also possesses the ability to self-heal injuries!"

"It will definitely be able to heal Lady Joanna’s wounds!"

Knox hadn’t even reacted before the Innate Poison Cloud was snatched away and presented to Alex.

When he finally came to his senses, he flew into a towering rage. "Leo, you..."

"Brat, do you want to die?!" Leo teleported directly in front of Knox, glaring at him deadly. He lowered his voice and hissed.

"You beat a member of the Hale family into such a heavily injured state."

"Without paying some sort of price, did you really think you could retreat in one piece today?"

"If this Innate Poison Cloud can save Lady Joanna’s life, that is naturally for the best."

"If it can’t, then you’d better pray for your own good fortune!"

Faced with Leo’s intimidation, Knox couldn’t help but feel a wave of apprehension.

"But... this Innate Poison Cloud is a fortuitous encounter I obtained only after enduring untold hardships!"

"To work so hard only to make a wedding dress for someone else... I cannot accept this!"

"Cut the crap!" Leo cursed, "Between a tiny fortuitous encounter and your own little life, can you really not weigh which is more important?!"

"I’m warning you to keep your damn mouth shut, otherwise even I won’t be able to save your life!"

Knox didn’t dare say another word. He resentfully lowered his head.

Holding the Innate Poison Cloud, a satisfied smile curled at the corners of Alex’s mouth.

In the original novel, it was precisely this treasure that granted Knox the Innate Poison King Saint Body. From then on, not only was he invulnerable to a thousand poisons, but he also became a poison-controlling master capable of manipulating lethal toxins at will.

It was because of this that he managed to forcefully withstand Lara’s ultimate killing poison. And with Isolde’s coordination, put her to death.

The very reason Alex rushed to the Five Poisons Valley was specifically for this bug-level, cheat-like item.

However, he had no intention of keeping this treasure for himself. He truly planned to gift this fortuitous encounter to Joanna. Compensation for the Heavenly Flame Bone-Shattering Palm she took because of his trap.

Without hesitation, tyrannical spiritual energy erupted from Alex’s palm. He directly crushed the Innate Poison Cloud into fine powder. Immediately after, he guided the glowing green mist to merge into Joanna’s body.

[Ding! The host has successfully plundered a fortuitous encounter from the Chosen One. The Chosen One’s luck has decreased by 500. The host receives 1,000 Providence Points!]