Chapter 72

"I took a junior of my clan to the Five Poisons Valley to seek a fortuitous encounter." Alex said faintly.

"Yet Knox took advantage of my absence to launch a sneak attack on Joanna, nearly claiming her life."

"When a junior of my Hale family is in danger, as the Saint Lord, I naturally cannot sit idly by."

"The fact that this seat did not kill him on the spot, but instead brought him back here, is already giving you, the Heavenly Flame Empress, ample face!"

"Are you truly going to break your faith with the entire world just to shelter this insolent whelp?!"

Faced with this aggressive, overbearing interrogation, Aurelia was rendered completely speechless.

Looking at her loss for words, Alex couldn’t help but cry out in exhilaration in his heart.

Just one phrase to describe this, fucking satisfying.

Barging into Azure Phoenix Hall entirely alone to confront the Heavenly Flame Empress head-on.

When had the Alex in the original novel ever experienced such a glorious moment?

He was basically a perpetual background character. A punching bag whose only purpose was to have people show up at his door to forcibly suppress him. Stepped on by Isolde, by Iris, by Lily, by Selene.

But now? He was personally dealing with and subjugating these female members of the protagonist’s harem one by one. He even waltzed right into the protagonist’s respawn point to directly confront his mid-game patron.

This was the correct way to play a villain.

"Alex, cease your nonsense!" Lily said coldly.

"How can you prove that she was injured by Knox?"

"Exactly!" Selene chimed in. "Regardless of anything else, Knox is a member of our Heavenly Flame Capital."

"Are we supposed to just take your bare words as truth, choosing to believe you over him?"

"The two Princesses speak well." Alex stood with his hands clasped behind his back. A deeply meaningful smile curled on his lips.

"Since you admit that Knox is your person, then this will be easy."

He pulled back the robe covering Joanna, exposing her flat lower abdomen.

Seeing the bloody palm print branded onto Joanna’s skin, Lily and Selene’s expressions changed drastically.

"The Heavenly Flame Bone-Shattering Palm?!"

The Heavenly Flame Bone-Shattering Palm was one of the exclusive martial arts created by Aurelia herself. Other than Knox, she had never imparted it to a single other living soul.

Now, irrefutable, mountain-like evidence was laid bare right before their eyes. This palm strike was undoubtedly Knox’s doing.

Aurelia fell silent for a moment, her complexion turned rather ugly.

When she imparted this martial art to Knox, she had explicitly warned him. Although the Heavenly Flame Bone-Shattering Palm was only a Heaven and Earth-tier cultivation method, its true power was absolutely on par with a Supreme-tier art. Its lethality was terrifyingly immense.

The slightest loss of control could instantly claim a life. Unless absolutely forced by circumstances, it was not to be used lightly.

Yet why would he deal such a vicious blow to a girl with such mediocre cultivation?

[Ding! The host has successfully destroyed the Chosen One’s public persona, and successfully driven a wedge between the female leads and the Chosen One!]

[The Chosen One’s luck has decreased by 5,000. The host receives 10,000 Providence Points!]

A wave of uncontrollable joy washed over Alex.

Ten thousand points.

It truly wasn’t a waste of all the blood, sweat, and meticulous planning it took to set up this trap. This particular cut finally managed to slice a massive chunk of flesh right off Knox.

Joanna, oh Joanna. Taking this palm strike was definitely not a loss for you.

Aurelia pondered for a long time before deciding to question Knox personally. She summoned spiritual energy to her fingertips, condensing it into a ray of green light. It merged into Knox’s body, instantly healing all his injuries.

Knox slowly opened his eyes. Upon seeing Aurelia before him and Alex standing right behind, he instantly jolted and shrieked.

"Alex, you old shit! You actually had the heart to trespass into Azure Phoenix Hall!"

"Your Majesty, quickly! Kill this old shit!"

"Knox, do not panic just yet." Aurelia asked calmly.

"First, tell me. Why did you use the Heavenly Flame Bone-Shattering Palm to attack this junior of the Hale family?"

"Because... because..." Panic seized Knox’s heart. Cold sweat broke out on his forehead. He had to bite the bullet.

"Because this person killed my Five-Colored Phoenix Lord..."

"What?!" Aurelia froze slightly, her face dropped into a dark scowl.

"Knox, with me here, no one can bully you."

"But if you are spinning lies, then you will severely disappoint me."

"This Hale family junior’s cultivation is merely at the Foundation Establishment Realm."

"How could she possibly kill a Five-Colored Phoenix Lord that possesses Nascent Soul Realm strength?"

His lie was instantly exposed. Knox’s face flushed with embarrassment. Just as he was frantically thinking of how to defend himself...

Lily frowned. "Hold on."

"Knox, I just heard Saint Lord Alex mention that he ran into you in the Five Poisons Valley."

"Riding a Five-Colored Phoenix Lord all the way there. What exactly was your business?"

Knox’s heart clenched. He cast a pleading gaze toward Aurelia.

Although heading to the Five Poisons Valley was a strategy suggested by Lyra, aside from Aurelia, no one else knew about it.

Because the Poison King Leo was a heinous, irredeemably evil villain whose crimes overflowed the heavens. In the Heavenly Flame Dynasty, he was a highly wanted criminal with a bounty of a hundred thousand spirit stones.

As a disciple of the Heavenly Flame Empress, actively seeking out and colluding with such a person... If word got out, how would others judge him? At the very least, Lily and Selene, two women who embodied righteousness, would absolutely never accept it.

"What’s wrong, you don’t dare to say it?" The corners of Alex’s mouth curled up slightly.

"If you don’t dare to say it, I will say it for you."

"Your Majesty, the reason Knox went to the Five Poisons Valley was to collude with the Poison King Leo to deal with my Hale family."