Chapter 190

"With internal strife and foreign aggression erupting simultaneously, the Heavenly Flame Dynasty would be in peril."

"Cough, cough... alright, say no more."

Aurelia coughed heavily, a streak of scarlet blood spilled from the corner of her mouth.

Seeing this, Lily and Selene asked no more questions. They silently supported Aurelia as they left.

...

Tobias didn’t fight with the others. He was the last to lead his family’s disciples into the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm.

After entering the Secret Realm, he hadn’t walked many steps. He saw the Sol family and the Blackwood family meet on a narrow path ahead, confronting each other.

The disciples of both families glared at each other. Bringing out their strongest weapons and spiritual artifacts. Every single one brimming with majestic battle intent.

Lazlo and Byron stood at the very front, looking at each other. Both had playful smiles on their faces. As if they already had a well-thought-out plan.

"This..." Tobias said in astonishment.

"Are the Blackwood family and Sol family crazy?"

Although one didn’t have to take responsibility for killing or injuring people inside the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm, and in the past many families would take the opportunity to seek revenge, even then they would first properly hunt for treasures.

Strike while fighting over fortuitous encounters to avenge public or private wrongs.

For the Blackwood and Sol families to be so blatant. Ignoring all fortuitous encounters immediately upon entering and directly confronting each other, truly unprecedented.

Tobias hesitated for a moment. Just stood in the distance. Not approaching to break up the fight, lest he bring humiliation upon himself again.

Lazlo stood with his arms crossed and laughed contemptuously. "You surnamed Sol, I’ll give you one more chance."

"In this Secret Realm, if you obediently act as my Blackwood family’s thugs, help us deal with the other families, and give all the fortuitous encounters you obtain to my Blackwood family, I will spare you. How about it?"

"Hahahaha, Lazlo, did your brain get squeezed by a door?" Byron gave a contemptuous snort.

"I will also give you a chance to have your Blackwood family be the running dogs of my Sol family."

"If you help my Sol family obtain the most fortuitous encounters in the Secret Realm, after it ends, this old man guarantees to reward you with a few bones to gnaw on."

"You seek death!" Lazlo furrowed his brows, clasped his hands together toward the sky in a posture of utmost worship, shouted resoundingly.

"Saint Lord, please reveal yourself!"

"The Sol family insults my Blackwood family too much. I ask the lord to reveal himself and annihilate these arrogant ants!"

The Blackwood family crowd also imitated Lazlo’s actions, clasping their palms together and shouting toward the sky. Meanwhile, Byron and the Sol family crowd revealed expressions of panic.

Tobias muttered nervously. "Alistair is here...?"

"This Secret Realm has only just begun, and the Blackwood and Sol families are already going to risk all their trump cards?!"

However, under the crowd’s nervous gazes, a full half-minute passed. The sky remained sunny and beautiful, stretching ten thousand miles without a single cloud. Lacking even the slightest abnormal phenomenon.

Lazlo: "...Hmm?"

"What... what the heck is going on?"

The corner of Lazlo’s mouth twitched slightly. He almost spat out a mouthful of blood.

Before coming here, Alistair had clearly told him personally. On the surface, Lazlo would lead the team and take the Blackwood family disciples to participate in the Secret Realm. Meanwhile, Alistair would remain hidden in the dark.

Following closely, show up to make a move whenever needed.

It was precisely because he had the Saint Lord backing him up that Lazlo was so confident and domineering just now.

Not to mention ruthlessly mocking the Hale family, he even clashed head-on with the Sol family!

Yet now, when he needed the Saint Lord to make a move, he couldn’t summon him. Wasn’t this fucking roasting him over an open fire?!

I’ve seen people screw over their fathers. But I’ve never seen an older brother screw his younger brother to death like this!

"Hahahaha, Lazlo, where is your family’s lord?" Seeing this scene, Byron laughed so hard tears were about to come out.

"Looking at your arrogant energy just now, I thought your family’s Saint Lord had broken through to the Saint Realm."

"I didn’t expect that just like the Hale family, he didn’t even dare to show up?"

"Hahaha, does your Blackwood family have a formidable Saint Lord hiding?"

"My family’s Saint Lord is no less formidable!"

Byron raised his hands high and shouted resoundingly. "Saint Lord, please reveal yourself!"

This time, it was the Blackwood family crowd’s turn to look nervous.

"Malakai... is coming?"

"With our Saint Lord absent, who is a match for that Malakai?"

"First Elder..."

Some Blackwood family disciples looked weakly at Lazlo. Lazlo immediately shook his head desperately. His face bitter. "Don’t fucking look at me."

"I’m at the sixth level of the Mahayana Realm. Am I supposed to fight the Supreme Realm Malakai with my life?!"

The Blackwood family crowd’s arrogant flames were instantly extinguished. Each of their faces full of dejection and despair.

However, a minute or two passed. The Sol family crowd still had their hands raised high. Yet the world remained as calm as before, absolutely nothing happened.

Byron froze. His face full of suspicion.

"What is going on?" Byron muttered in astonishment.

"The Saint Lord clearly said that as long as we called, he would immediately reveal himself and make a move..."

Saying this, Lazlo and Byron looked at each other. Instantly feeling an urge to laugh.

Good heavens. So you were also just bluffing? Haha, cough, what a coincidence...

The Blackwood family and Sol family were exactly like two dogs barking and snarling fiercely at each other.

Only to suddenly realize there was no owner holding the leash behind them.

Instantly, both sides chickened out, flashing amicable smiles at each other. No longer daring to act arrogant and domineering.

"Uh, Brother Byron, I think it’s better if our two families go look for fortuitous encounters separately." Lazlo laughed awkwardly.

"After all, we went through all this trouble to participate in the Dao Vindication Assembly. We can’t return empty-handed without gaining anything, right?"

"Yes, Brother Lazlo’s words make perfect sense!" Byron also hurriedly nodded.

"Brother Lazlo, then let us part ways here. I wish you a bountiful harvest!"