Chapter 132

"Since that is the case, Senior, please receive my move!"

"Mountain-Cleaving Rock-Smashing, Annihilate!"

Master Rorin gripped the hilt with both hands. An earth-shattering roar tore from his throat as he slashed out with everything he had.

A yellowish brown-colored blade light burst forth. It transformed into a terrifying earth dragon with a bloody face and vicious fangs.

In an instant, it blasted right in front of Alex in mid-air, swallowing him whole in a single bite.

The massive power and sword intent radiating from the earth dragon caused the temperature of the entire Peak Master’s Hall to spike violently.

The earth shook, mountains trembled. Fierce winds howled all around, sending sand and stones flying.

A heavenly phenomenon triggered by sheer force.

"Such... such powerful strength!" Caught in the middle of the sandstorm, Varen desperately protected himself.

Yet he couldn’t help but reveal a joyful smile.

"The power of Master’s strike is absolutely enough to obliterate a Supreme Realm mighty figure!"

"That guy is definitely dead without a..."

"Hahahahaha!"

Before Varen could finish, a burst of arrogant, unbridled laughter cut him off.

A giant hand condensed from black mist burst out of the dust storm. Descending from the sky.

It firmly throttled Rorin’s throat, leaving him completely unable to move a single inch.

Rorin’s pupils shrank. He exerted all his strength trying to break free. But he fundamentally couldn’t escape.

The next second, the earth dragon and sandstorm in mid-air were casually waved away. Dispersed like nothing.

Alex stood in his original spot, not having moved an inch. Looking down imperiously at Master Rorin from his high vantage point, he raised his chin slightly.

Pure disdain.

"Just this little bit of skill?"

"It seems me giving you this opportunity was just a waste of time."

"You... you..." Rorin trembled non-stop, his voice hoarse.

"Just who exactly are you?!"

"Not important." Alex smiled faintly.

"A dying man has no need to know so much."

"Six Paths Wheel of Destruction Art, Asura Path!"

He summoned the white light Six Path Wheels and reached back to pull the Purple Cloud Demon Sword from within it.

Seeing the billowing purple mist upon the blade, both Rorin and Varen’s expressions changed.

"Pur... Purple Cloud Demon Sword?!"

"You are..."

Alex gripped the hilt horizontally. A fierce glint in his eyes.

"Soul-Devouring Swords!"

The Purple Cloud Demon Sword instantly transformed into eighteen swords. Floating by his side like a myriad of stars revolving around the moon.

"Kill!"

The command fell like the Grim Reaper declaring an oath.

The next second, the eighteen swords descended from the sky. Twelve blasted toward Master Rorin and six blasted toward Varen.

Pity this master and disciple duo. Before they could even react, their flesh and blood were directly crushed by the swords.

Their blood essence and souls absorbed within and brought back to mid-air as an offering to Alex.

"Very good." Alex absorbed Rorin’s essence blood and soul, nodding with a satisfied smile.

"Truly worthy of being two barbarian bulls who grew so sturdy. The essence blood in your bodies is indeed abundant."

"I hope the entire Heaven-Turning Peak tastes just as delicious as you two."

He raised his index and middle fingers. Violently pointing toward mid-air.

"Slaughter!"

The eighteen swords instantly answered the call. Floating off in different directions.

Flying from near to far into the cave dwellings of every single disciple on Heaven-Turning Peak.

Just like in the illusion, where Evil Sword used the swords to slaughter and exterminate that small village.

At this very moment, Alex was utilizing them to massacre the entirety of Heaven-Turning Peak.

The vast majority of disciples were still deep in sweet slumber.

They were pierced through their dantians by the swords. In a single second, their flesh and blood annihilated.

Blood essence drawn out, souls absorbed. The swords drifted out of their cave dwellings and moved on to the next.

...

At the most remote cave dwelling, Lirin was pouring and drinking wine all by himself. Trying to drown his sorrows in alcohol.

Suddenly, bursts of miserable, shrill screams echoed from outside. He opened his door and walked out.

Upon seeing the scene before him, he widened his eyes in utter disbelief.

The doors and windows of the dozen or so cave dwellings in front of him had all been completely shattered. Inside, there was no trace of his senior brothers and sisters.

Only fresh blood flowing out all over the ground.

Within a radius of several miles, aside from himself as the single living person, there wasn’t the slightest aura of life remaining.

Lirin was dumbfounded. He viciously slapped himself across the face.

After confirming he wasn’t dreaming, his face filled with unbelievable terror. He desperately tried to flee.

"Help!"

"HELP!"

But Lirin had barely fled two steps when a sword flew right in front of him. From within the ink-black sword, a cold, ferocious sneer echoed out.

"Young Master Lirin, I trust you have been well since we last met."

That familiar voice, Lirin’s brain went blank for several seconds. His eyes widened in disbelief.

"It... it’s you!"

"Taryn Lark?!"

"Correct." Alex laughed cheerfully.

"Sending two senior sisters consecutively to kill me. You truly went through a lot of trouble."

"This grand feast tonight is my repayment to you."

"Wh... what?!" Lirin trembled violently, shrieking shrilly.

"You did this?!"

"You’re just Qi Gathering Realm trash! How could you possibly slaughter our entire Heaven-Turning Peak?!"

"Who exactly are you?!"

But toward a minor character like Lirin, Alex simply had no interest in letting him die with a clear understanding.

After teasing him for a sentence or two, his interest waned.

The sword whooshed forward, piercing straight through Lirin’s chest.

Before Lirin could even register the pain, he was evaporated into bloody ash.

The sword absorbed his pitifully minuscule amount of blood essence and soul with a sense of utter disgust, then floated off into the distance.

...

Alex remained sitting on the branch in the backyard of the Peak Master’s Hall the entire time. Arms crossed and eyes closed.

One hour later, the eighteen swords successively floated back to his side.

They released all the power of blood essence and souls they had absorbed within.

Having undergone a half-hour feast of slaughter, these swords had collectively absorbed the lives of tens of thousands of people.