Chapter 201

"Tsk tsk, four have already been killed, what’s the point of sparing the last two?"

"Oh well, let’s just act out this final scene properly."

Alistair grabbed Thalen, Malakai grabbed Ziven. Both directly opened their bloody maws wide.

"Frail human race, become this poor monk’s nourishment!"

Looking at their two large, black-hole-like mouths, the Mire and Wren family crowds below revealed expressions of grief and despair, many fell to their knees with a thud, and their voices trembling.

"No, don’t!"

"I’m begging anyone, please come save our Saint Lord..."

Just as Thalen and Ziven were about to be buried in the bloody mouths of the Evil Buddhas...

A figure descended from the sky, appearing in mid-air.

It was none other than Alex.

"Halt!" Alex glared with widened eyes and shouted sternly.

"You Evil Buddhas, such audacity, actually daring to brutally murder the disciples of the Saint families!"

"Today, I must definitely decapitate you to avenge the four Saint Lords!"

Seeing Alex appear, the prodigy disciples of the major families instantly revealed the joy of finding a way out of a desperate situation. Especially the Mire and Wren families, who knelt on the ground in unison and pleaded.

"Saint Lord Alex, we beg you, please quickly save our Saint Lords!"

Alex narrowed his eyes slightly. He brought out the Rakshasa Demon Umbrella from his storage ring. Then he directly teleported in front of Malakai and swung the umbrella down viciously with all his might.

"...Hmm?"

Some of the elders below revealed bewildered expressions.

This Rakshasa Demon Umbrella... is this how it’s used? Or could it be that Saint Lord Alex had a sudden inspiration and developed a new technique of using the Rakshasa Demon Umbrella as an axe?

However, the next second, everyone widened their eyes in disbelief.

The Delusion Buddha, who just moments ago faced the combined, all-out fierce assault of the major families and easily absorbed it all with his gourd without suffering a single scratch... after being struck by Saint Lord Alex’s umbrella, actually turned into flying ash, completely annihilated.

He transformed into green smoke and drifted into nothingness. Without the slightest power to resist.

"Ale..."

"Saint Lord Alex is mighty!"

Everyone excitedly clenched their fists. Seeing that their great revenge had been exacted, many almost couldn’t help but weep tears of joy.

Meanwhile, Alex in mid-air twitched the corner of his mouth slightly and used mental transmission to say in a low voice.

"Old Malakai, what the fuck are you doing? At least exchange a couple of moves with me!"

"Acting so fake, what if the others see through the flaws?"

Fortunately, the disciples of the major families below were quite far away from them.

And Thalen and Ziven, who were closer, had been very considerately choked unconscious in advance by Alistair, preventing the secret from being exposed.

"Exactly, exactly!" Alistair grinned and said playfully.

"Old Malakai, your acting skills are way too terrible, watch me!"

Alex raised the Rakshasa Demon Umbrella, just preparing to hack at Alistair as well.

A red arm behind Alistair suddenly expanded. Delivering a frontal punch that smashed viciously right into Alex’s face.

The young disciples below were all on edge. Seeing Alex injured, they couldn’t help but cry out mournfully.

"Saint Lord Alex, watch out!"

Two drops of scarlet blood trickled down from Alex’s nose. He pressed his hand against his swollen cheek, the corner of his mouth twitched, and he roared hoarsely in his heart.

"Alistair, what the hell are you doing?!"

Alistair chuckled, shrugging his shoulders.

"Brother Alex, didn’t you just say you were afraid of acting too fake and being seen through?"

"If we want to act real, of course we have to see a little blood~"

Cursing under his breath, Alex directly swept his umbrella over viciously.

Taking advantage of the momentum, Alistair transformed into purple mist and scattered. Releasing Thalen and Ziven, who fell into Alex’s hands.

"Saint Lord Alex has won!"

The crowd below was covered in tears, bathed in the overwhelming joy of surviving a great disaster.

Many couldn’t help but fall to their knees, shedding tears while shouting loudly.

"Long live Saint Lord Alex!"

With a casual wave of his hand, Alex tossed Thalen and Ziven to the disciples of the Mire and Wren families respectively. Looking down imperiously at the crowd, he said faintly.

"Nephews and nieces, the occurrence of today’s tragedy truly causes my heart to ache with grief."

"For any family whose Saint Lord has fallen, if you have lost your protection and worry that your enemies might take the opportunity to attack, you may temporarily seek refuge under my Hale family."

"For the sake of our past friendship, I will definitely protect you with all my might and help your families rise again!"

The crowds of the Alder, Fen, and Ashen families were all moved to endless tears. Kneeling on the ground to express their gratitude.

"Many thanks, Saint Lord Alex!"

"Saint Lord Alex is benevolent and righteous!"

"All the disciples of my Fen family will never forget Saint Lord Alex’s great kindness and virtue for all eternity!"

"All the disciples of my Alder family will never forget Saint Lord Alex’s great kindness and virtue for all eternity!"

"All the disciples of my Ashen family will never forget Saint Lord Alex’s great kindness and virtue for all eternity!"

Only the Vire family had no one kneeling down to thank Alex.

Because aside from Leona, absolutely everyone from the Vire family who had entered the Secret Realm had just been slaughtered clean by Alex.

...

Meanwhile, Alistair and Malakai were hiding behind a large bluestone in the distance. Looking at the disciples of the major families kneeling, kowtowing, and expressing thousands of thanks to Alex, they couldn’t help but feel a myriad of complex emotions.

"Brother Malakai, how do you think Brother Alex’s brain is wired to actually come up with such a shrewd scheme?"

"First he kills the Saint Lords of their families, then he gets the juniors of their families to proactively seek refuge with him, and even makes them kneel on the ground to thank him."

"Tsk tsk, such calculation, such methods... it truly commands respect and admiration!"

Malakai fell silent for a moment. Then said weakly.

"Brother Alistair, don’t you feel..."

"Aside from commanding respect and admiration, Saint Lord Alex is also somewhat... terrifying?"