Chapter 159

Rina and Tessa came running from afar. Their faces white with panic.

"First Elder, disaster!"

"That Cyrus brought out a Low-Grade Supreme-tier sword and unleashed a move called the Mountain-Collapsing Strike!"

"The defensive restrictions of the three Earthly Formations were destroyed by him. The Noir Family’s people have already invaded the Holy Land!"

"What?!" Cedric’s pupils shrank.

A moment of struggle flashed through his heart. Then his voice dropped low.

"Rina, Tessa. The two of you immediately gather all the clan members and assemble at the Three Human Formations!"

The Three Human Formations were located on the open ground outside the Saint Lord’s Hall.

Rina and Tessa split up to transmit the order.

A moment later, over a thousand of the Hale’s old, young, women, and children gathered there. Every single one of them flustered and uneasy, faces full of terror, and voices overlapping in frantic discussion.

"First Elder, the Noir Family is attacking!"

"With the Saint Lord absent right now, they’re clearly looting a burning house!"

"What should we do?!"

Cedric waved his hand. Instantly teleported in front of the crowd.

"Brothers and sisters, nephews and disciples. Do not panic."

"Right now, the Saint Lord is not in the clan. The Noir Family intends to exploit this vulnerability to invade. Their evil intentions are abundantly clear."

"Once the Saint Lord returns, he will inevitably annihilate the Noir Family to the last man. Cyrus will pay the price for his actions!"

At this critical juncture, First Elder Cedric holding down the fort was like a sea-calming divine wall. But the Hale crowd still had incredibly bitter expressions on their faces.

Rina asked with a bitter face. "First Elder, then what should we do now?"

"The Noir Family’s people suddenly invaded and are about to fight their way here!"

"Regarding this, everyone does not need to worry." Cedric narrowed his eyes.

"At the Purple Star Dynasty branch family under Alice, a spatial formation has already been set up. It allows mutual transit with the Main Family."

"This old man will now use the Three Human Formations to temporarily transfer all of you to the Purple Star branch family. To avoid this disaster."

Tessa said in astonishment. "First Elder, if we all retreat, what will happen to the spirit stones and medicinal herbs in the treasury?"

"That’s over a hundred thousand stalks of medicinal herbs and millions of spirit stones!"

"That’s right. And the tens of thousands of volumes of cultivation methods and secret manuals in the Scripture Pavilion."

"Won’t they all fall into the hands of the Noir Family?"

Cedric’s voice was decisive.

"Right now, we can’t care about that much. As long as the green mountains remain, we won’t have to worry about a lack of firewood."

"The core backbone strength of our clan is all out and absent. Resisting the Noir Family head-on with brute force would be seeking our own destruction."

"Compared to the over a thousand lives of our family members, those spirit stones and secret manuals are nothing but worldly possessions. Fundamentally worthless."

"Once the Saint Lord returns, the Noir Family will have to spit out every single resource they plundered!"

"Now. Everyone immediately enter the Three Human Formations for spatial teleportation!"

The crowd did not dare to delay.

They hurried into the Formation one after another. Squeezing tightly together shoulder to shoulder.

Cedric raised his index and middle fingers. Deeply chanting the incantation.

"Heaven and Earth, Dark and Yellow, Humanity is Supreme!"

"Three Human Grand Formations, Spatial Leap!"

The Formation’s spiritual energy rapidly circulated and flowed. A curtain of light rose from the ground on all four sides. Enveloping the over a thousand people within it.

Tessa froze slightly. Looking at Cedric, who was still outside the Formation.

"First Elder, hurry and come in too!"

"I cannot enter." Cedric narrowed his eyes, his voice faint.

"Before the Saint Lord left, he entrusted the heavy responsibility of guarding the family to this old man."

"Now that the family’s Holy Land has been invaded by others, as the First Elder, how could I just walk away?"

"I want to see just how brave these little brats of the Noir Family really are in battle!"

The Hale crowd’s hearts burned with anxiety. Many female disciples were so distressed they were about to shed tears.

"First Elder, the Three Human Formations are about to teleport. Hurry and come in!"

"You just said it yourself. As long as the green mountains remain, we won’t lack firewood."

"If you stay behind alone to deal with thousands of people from the Noir Family, you will definitely die..."

No matter how anxiously they called out, Cedric had no intention of stepping into the Formation.

He just stood outside. Looking at them with a smile.

Swish.

The Hale crowd teleported along with the spatial formation. Vanishing completely without a trace.

...

The next second, Cyrus led the Noir Family crowd, fighting their way right outside the Saint Lord’s Hall.

He looked at Cedric. His voice cold.

"Cedric, where have all your Hale people hidden?!"

"Cyrus, could it be you don’t know the power of my Hale’s Heavenly Clan Protection Formation?" Cedric shrugged and laughed.

"The Three Heavenly Formations are for offense. The Three Earthly Formations are for defense."

"And these Three Human Formations are used to help disciples teleport and escape when treacherous attackers invade."

"Your Noir Family wanting to sneak attack our clan’s disciples while the Saint Lord is absent won’t be that easy."

Cyrus narrowed his eyes slightly.

"Since that is the case, why didn’t you escape with them?"

"This old man is the First Elder of the Hale! Ordered by the Saint Lord to guard the peace of the Holy Land, I must protect the clan with my life!" Cedric waved his hands to summon two long swords. His voice a stern shout.

"You Noir Family bandit scum, if you want to run wild on the Hale’s territory, you’ll have to step over this old man’s corpse!"

"Heh. Seeking your own destruction." Cyrus narrowed his eyes slightly. A mocking, playful smile curling at the corners of his mouth.

"Old thing, today is the day you die!"

"Kill!"

...

Blaze took Iris and rushed back to the Holy Land from Southwestern overnight.

Because Blaze was worried that Iris would suddenly go on a vicious rampage and crush him into fine powder, he spent the entire journey glibly chattering with her.