Chapter 158

Aya froze, couldn’t help but laugh. "Senior Sister Isolde, aren’t those words a bit too extreme?"

"Taryn is the eldest legitimate son of the Lark family. I’ve heard of him since I was a child."

"The two of us joined the Divine Blade Sect to become powerhouses of the Sword Dao. How could his motives be unclear?"

She teased. "Senior Sister Isolde, speaking like this... could it be you yourself have fallen for Junior Brother Taryn?"

Isolde fell silent briefly. Her smile becoming somewhat complicated.

Once upon a time, she indeed had liked this man.

It was just that at the time, even she herself didn’t realize it was a form of liking. She had simply relied on him without any misgivings. Taking his sacrifices for her completely for granted.

Later, she met Knox, whom she believed to be her true love. Willingly sacrificed everything for a man who had never sacrificed a single thing for her.

Ultimately, she lost so miserably that she was left with absolutely nothing.

...

After Isolde and Aya left, Alex slowly stood up. Standing in the woods with his hands behind his back. Staring at the setting sun and the evening afterglow.

A smile curling at the corners of his mouth.

"The sunset at the Divine Blade Sect is truly beautiful and spectacular."

"Unfortunately, no matter how beautiful the sunset is, it is ultimately approaching dusk."

"The Divine Blade Sect has continuously experienced so many days of turmoil. It’s about time they had a few days of peace to rest and recover."

"After all, the great protagonist Knox is about to arrive."

The reason Alex deliberately met Isolde today and gave her a warning was exactly because he knew Knox was arriving at the Divine Blade Sect early tomorrow morning.

Right now, Vincent was dead. Sunblaze Peak was annihilated. Iris had been abducted back to his Holy Land.

Within the entire Divine Blade Sect, the only person left with any connection to Knox was this Isolde.

Although back then, after having her Seven Orifices Divine Heart extracted, Knox’s true colors were revealed.

Isolde became utterly disheartened and abandoned him.

But who could guarantee that after meeting this time and hearing a few sweet words from Knox, those dead ashes wouldn’t reignite?

Isolde was not a person with a brain or a good memory.

If she truly had a brain, it would have been impossible for her to turn into an ungrateful, white-eyed wolf over a single bowl of porridge from Knox back then. Making an enemy out of the entire family that had shown her grace for years.

Therefore, Alex absolutely had to give Isolde a preventive vaccination before Knox arrived.

You little girl staying in the Divine Blade Sect is fine. But you had better be careful.

If you dare to help that Knox ruin my plans or damage the family’s interests, then whether it’s in the Divine Blade Sect or the Hale family, there will be absolutely no place for you to stay.

"Taryn!" Sylra walked over from afar leaning on his crutch. Shouting loudly. "Look what a huge fish this old man just caught!"

"Come, come. Let’s quickly set up the stove and charcoal. Roast this fish and properly have a couple of cups of wine!"

Alex smiled bitterly. "Senior, I just finished eating. I’m still full right now."

"Hmph! When a beautiful woman delivers food to you, you eat it. But when this old man invites you to eat, you delay?"

"Cut the crap and hurry up to eat another meal with this old man!"

...

Late at night.

Within the Hale Holy Land, the flames of war filled the sky, shouts of killing echoed from all directions.

Cyrus and Garret led over two thousand Noir Family disciples. Spent another three hundred thousand spirit stones to hire three thousand rogue cultivators.

A grand total of five thousand strong launched a night raid on the Hale Holy Land.

A Noir Family disciple covered in blood ran over from afar. "Reporting to the Saint Lord, the Hale’s Heavenly Clan Protection Formation is truly far too formidable!"

"The firepower of the three Heavenly formations is extremely fierce. It has already heavily injured seven or eight hundred of our men."

"The defense of the three Earthly formations is as impregnable as a fortress of gold and a moat of boiling water. Even with our offensive fully unleashed, it is difficult to break through."

Garret’s expression was heavy. "Elder Brother, in four to six hours, the sky will brighten."

"We must conquer the Hale Holy Land before dawn. Otherwise we will be caught in a dilemma and placed in an extremely passive position."

Cyrus gritted his teeth, ferocious killing intent revealing itself in his eyes.

"I didn’t expect this Hale to actually forge such a terrifying Heavenly Clan Protection Formation."

"No wonder that Alex, even when he isn’t physically in the clan, dared to insult this old man so fearlessly."

He narrowed his eyes slightly. Expression darkening. Mind made up. He casually waved his hand and drew a long saber from his robes.

"Today, even if this old man has to risk absolutely everything, I absolutely must annihilate the Hale!"

"Rock-Shattering Great Sword!"

The next second, Cyrus leaped up, vaulting into mid-air. Gripping the hilt with both hands.

The spiritual energy in his entire body converging. In an instant, the blade violently expanded to nearly a hundred meters long.

"Mountain-Collapsing Strike!"

...

Inside the Holy Land. Within the Saint Lord’s Hall.

Cedric stood with his hands behind his back, facing several light screens.

Watching the various sections of the Heavenly Clan Protection Formation being dismantled and destroyed under the Noir Family’s fierce bombardment. His expression was incredibly heavy.

"Damn it..."

"Did this Old fox Cyrus take the wrong medicine? Suddenly mobilizing so much manpower to attack the Hale family?"

"Right now, the Saint Lord and Adrian are out. Tobias and Lara went to the Heavenly Flame Capital."

"Even the elite young disciples of the clan followed them to participate in the Dao Vindication Assembly."

"Leaving this old man leading a group of the old, the weak, women, and children. How am I supposed to wipe out these five thousand experts?"

Just as Cedric was rapidly thinking of countermeasures but bitterly finding no solution, an earth-shattering explosion echoed in his ears.

The entire Saint Lord’s Hall trembled.

Cedric’s expression changed. "What happened?!"