Chapter 200

He disgusted both sides so thoroughly they practically choked.

The final time, he was once again bought off by Knox and participated in the battle that annihilated the Hale family.

He obtained all the spirit stones in the Hale family’s treasury, making an absolute fortune and getting completely fat off the spoils.

If one had to rank all the disgusting supporting characters in the original novel, Alric would absolutely rank first without any suspense. Leading the second place by more than double the points.

If killing Cain and Kray just now was for family interests and long-term planning, then right now, choosing to kill Alric third was purely, 100% venting personal frustration based on personal feelings.

"Buddha Ancestor, spare my life! This lowly one is willing to be loyal to you. Willing to help you..." Alric continuously spat out fresh blood, seeing that he couldn’t struggle or resist, he immediately pleaded and begged for mercy desperately.

However, Alex fundamentally had no intention of wasting words with him.

A mass of tyrannical spiritual energy burst directly from his palm, swallowing Alric’s fat body within it.

For a cheap breed like this, even if he was a Supreme Realm expert, Alex absolutely disdained absorbing his blood essence and soul. He was deeply afraid that absorbing his blood would infect his precious spirit beast with his cheap, inferior aura.

The Elders and prodigies of the major families stood around forming a circle. Every single one of their faces full of terror. Yet entirely at a loss for what to do.

A moment later, the thick red mist was violently dispersed with a single palm strike.

Alex stood with his arms crossed, his body radiating chilling Buddha-nature mixed with demonic energy.

In his massive palm, he gripped a bloody head. It was shockingly exactly Alric’s fat-headed, large-eared head, his expression permanently frozen in an instant of sheer terror.

"Ho... Saint Lord!" The Alder family crowd was full of horror. Yet fundamentally dared not step forward.

Alex smiled slightly and directly crushed the head into powder. Immediately after, he slowly turned his head, looking toward the other three Saint Lords in mid-air.

"It’s not over yet."

Feeling Alex’s cold, playful gaze, Thalen, Ziven, and Tyren in mid-air all felt a chill pierce their bones. Unable to help but shudder all over.

As partners who had been cooperating for quite a while now, Alistair and Malakai instantly understood his intention.

Malakai casually waved his hand, tossing out the Heaven and Earth Gourd.

A powerful suction force released from the gourd’s mouth, shackling Thalen and the other two in mid-air, making them unable to move an inch.

Alistair circulated his spiritual energy. Materializing six giant blood-red hands from his back. Like iron pincers, they tightly clamped onto the arms of Thalen, Ziven, and Tyren.

He then looked down at Alex, flashing him a grin and giving him a knowing look. It seemed to be saying.

Just say the word on which one you want to butcher, and I’ll send him right down to you.

Alex stood with his arms crossed. His gaze shifting uncertainly between the three. After pondering for a moment, he finally locked onto Tyren.

Today, he had already killed three Saint Lords. Of these remaining three, Alex didn’t plan to annihilate them all.

He only planned to kill one more, the other two could be won over and utilized in the future.

As for why he chose Tyren, there was no other reason than the fact that this Tyren was simply far too smart.

In the original novel, Tyren was the kind of wise man who hid his great wisdom under the guise of foolishness. Normally, he looked cheerful, good-natured, and a bit silly. But in reality, his judgment was extremely ruthless and experienced. He saw things more clearly than anyone else.

At several important junctures, he stood unwaveringly by Knox’s side.

Although from an omniscient perspective, following the protagonist was definitely not a mistake, from the perspective of an original novel character, being able to consistently choose Knox was absolutely a choice showing considerable boldness and vision.

There were several times when Knox offended numerous big shots, yet Tyren publicly stood out to support him. Going in the completely opposite direction of the other families.

When Knox was heavily injured and utterly destitute, Tyren lent a helping hand without asking for anything in return.

He even proactively offered his own daughter to befriend Knox.

It was precisely by clinging tightly to the protagonist’s thighs that the Fen family climbed up step by step from a second-rate family.

Ultimately, at the ending, they replaced the Hale family’s position, becoming the unparalleled, top-tier Saint Lineage.

And Tyren himself, with the status of a peak Supreme Realm expert, became the strongest person in the mortal realm, living out his natural years.

Guys like Thalen and Ziven, in the original novel, were both minor characters who didn’t live past ten Chapters after their debut. They had no brains or scheming abilities. Give them a slap and then a sweet date, and you could make them utterly devoted.

But smart people like Tyren were not that easy to control. Better to finish him off early to eliminate future troubles.

After all, there was already one brilliantly smart Garret still on the run out there.

If he added a Tyren on top of that, offending two smart people at the same time, he would be a bit exhausted trying to deal with them.

Seeing the direction of Alex’s gaze, Alistair instantly understood and grinned. "Alrighty!"

Immediately, he casually waved his hand, blasting Tyren toward the ground.

Alex directly opened the Six Paths Wheel. From the wheel, he drew out the eerily cold Purple Cloud Demon Sword, aimed the sword tip at mid-air.

With a squelch, as Tyren fell, his chest was pierced perfectly by the sword tip. His facial features abruptly twisted together, and fine beads of cold sweat popped out on his forehead.

He merely twitched and spasmed for a moment before, with a poof, his body turned into fine powder, completely annihilated into flying ash.

"Sa... Saint Lord!" Seeing Tyren perish, the Fen crowd’s faces were full of terror. Unable to help but cry out in grief.

Alex glanced at them. The red mist around him flashed, and he disappeared from his original spot.

Alistair and Malakai saw this and instantly understood. "It seems Brother Alex intends to spare these two guys."