Chapter 156

The over a hundred thousand disciples of the six great peaks were divided and gathered at Spirit Artisan Peak and Myriad Transformations Peak, patrolling day and night.

Everyone feared for their lives. Not daring to be the slightest bit negligent.

By comparison, Broken Sword Peak alone remained the most leisurely.

Every day, Sylra continued his peaceful retirement life. Either sitting in his rocking chair drinking tea or sleeping while soaking in the sun.

As for Alex, he strolled idly through the woods. Admiring the beautiful scenery daily. Keeping company with the birds and spirit beasts. Cultivating his moral character and nourishing his nature. As happy as an immortal.

The calm composure of these two made Broken Sword Peak as peaceful as usual.

As if the sect’s chaos had absolutely nothing to do with them.

That day, at dusk.

At Spirit Artisan Peak, Aya had prepared the wine and food. Packing them into a wooden food box.

A woman dressed in a white robe with a sword hanging at her waist walked into the cave dwelling. "Junior Sister, what are you busy with?"

If Julian were here, he would definitely be so excited he’d cry on the spot.

This woman was none other than Isolde.

Back then, after Isolde had her Seven Orifices Divine Heart extracted and was expelled from the family, she was abandoned by Knox. Iris couldn’t bear to just leave her behind. She brought her back to the Divine Blade Sect and settled her at Radiant Sun Peak.

Under the guidance of Loris, Isolde had now relied on her own hard work to recover her cultivation to the peak of the Core Formation Realm.

Within the entire Divine Blade Sect Inner Sect, this was considered quite remarkable.

Now, to join forces and avoid disaster, both Radiant Sun Peak and Falling Dust Peak had temporarily relocated to Spirit Artisan Peak. Isolde and Aya just happened to be living in the same temporary cave dwelling. Which was how they met.

"Greetings, Senior Sister Isolde." Aya nodded respectfully.

"I just finished preparing the wine and food. Was just about to head to Broken Sword Peak to deliver a meal to that friend of mine."

"Friend?" Interest appeared on Isolde’s face.

"Is it that Young Master Taryn from the Lark family?"

"Exactly." Aya nodded obediently. "How did Senior Sister Isolde know?"

"There are many people and many eyes in the sect. News naturally spreads incredibly fast." Isolde said with concern.

"Junior Sister Aya, the sect is not very peaceful right now."

"Those treacherous attackers are highly skilled. Even Master Vincent’s Sunblaze Peak was completely slaughtered last night."

"It’s a hundred miles from Spirit Artisan Peak to Broken Sword Peak. What if you encounter that group?"

"Senior Sister Isolde, rest assured." Aya smiled.

"That group only appears at night. I just need to return to the peak before curfew."

"Besides, Elder Aerin said that the villains’ objective is to slaughter all ten of our Inner Sect peaks to increase their cultivation."

"Why would they go through so much trouble just to intercept a single person like me?"

"What you say actually has some reason to it." Isolde nodded.

"Since that’s the case, I will go with you."

"Ah?" Aya froze slightly. Hurriedly waved her hand.

"What virtue or ability does Aya have? How could I dare trouble Senior Sister Isolde to accompany me..."

"You’re going to Broken Sword Peak, and I have nothing to do staying in the cave dwelling alone anyway." Isolde said with a smile.

"What, could it be that Junior Sister Aya wants to be alone with that Young Master Taryn, so you aren’t willing to bring a third wheel like me?"

"No, of course not!" Aya shook her head hurriedly.

"If Senior Sister Isolde is willing to go, Aya is naturally overwhelmed by the favor."

"Good, then it’s settled." Isolde gave a bright laugh. She summoned her treasured sword and took Aya along as they leaped into mid-air, utilizing sword flight.

"I’ve long heard that Junior Sister Aya’s culinary skills are exceptional. Today, riding on that Young Master Taryn’s coattails, I finally have a chance to taste it."

"Don’t worry, I won’t just freeload a meal."

"Once we get to Broken Sword Peak, Senior Sister will properly evaluate him for you. See if this Young Master Taryn is a good man worthy of entrusting your life to."

Aya’s pretty face turned crimson. "Senior Sister Isolde, don’t speak nonsense. I have no relationship with Young Master Taryn."

"Haha, looking at your shy, pretty face, who would believe you when you say you have no relationship?"

"Someone capable of catching Junior Sister Aya’s eye must definitely be an incredible man!"

The two playfully joked and laughed all the way to Broken Sword Peak.

Upon arriving, they saw Sylra sitting by the river fishing.

"Greetings, Elder Sylra." The two women nodded in greeting. Aya asked respectfully.

"Elder, may I ask where Taryn is?"

"Same as always, sunbathing in the woods." Sylra glanced at Isolde and grinned.

"This brat Taryn truly has good fortune."

"It’s one thing for Miss Aya to deliver him wine and food every day. But to actually have another little beauty come visit him. Truly makes others envious to death."

"Elder Sylra jests. This junior, Isolde, merely accompanied Aya to take a look." Isolde was very good at handling social situations. She smiled warmly.

"If the Elder doesn’t despise it, starting tomorrow, Isolde is also willing to deliver food for you."

"Hahaha, no need, no need. Go on ahead." Sylra happily waved his hand and continued to focus on his fishing.

Aya was already familiar with the path.

She skillfully walked into the woods. Seeing the figure lying on the large bluestone from afar, she waved her hand.

"Junior Brother Taryn, I’m here."

Isolde followed behind Aya. Looking up with anticipation. However, when the person on the bluestone rolled over and sat up, her expression abruptly changed. Her entire body began to tremble uncontrollably.

"Sa... Saint..."

"Junior Brother Taryn, I kept you waiting." Aya walked up to Alex. Smiling and waving.

"Senior Sister Isolde, hurry up and come over."

"This is my best friend in the sect, Junior Brother Taryn."

Isolde stood frozen in place, her pupils quaking, her entire being was in a state of chaotic disarray. Her face full of absolute doubt about her life choices.