Chapter 235

No, wait, can you be a little more reserved?

From an identity standpoint, we still have an absolutely irreconcilable multi-generational blood feud between us, alright?

For this kind of young, pretty, and simple-minded little girl, her family actually felt at ease letting her wander the world alone? Weren’t they afraid she’d be stripped naked and eaten whole by some evil, scheming villainous Great Saint Lord?

"What are you doing just standing there foolishly?" Alex stepped forward, waved his hand to undo the restriction outside the cave dwelling’s door, and said faintly.

"Go in."

"This... isn’t very appropriate, right?" Although Aya said it wasn’t appropriate with her mouth, her body was very honest as she walked inside.

As she walked, she shyly reminded him, "Junior Brother Taryn, the two of us are only temporarily sharing a cave dwelling. You are absolutely not allowed to do anything to me."

"Otherwise, I will get angry..."

As Aya spoke, seeing that she wasn’t getting a response for a long time, she turned her head in confusion.

She saw that she had already walked into the cave dwelling, yet Alex was still standing outside expressionless.

She was instantly dumbfounded.

"Junior Brother Taryn, what are you doing standing outside? Hurry up and come in."

"There’s no need for me." Alex smiled faintly.

"A lone man and a lone woman sharing a room is truly not convenient."

"Therefore, I’m letting Senior Sister Aya stay in my cave dwelling. I will just stay outside."

"Eh, Junior Brother Taryn..." Seeing Alex turn around to leave, Aya grew anxious and hurriedly stopped him.

"The weather is so cold right now, especially since it’s already night. It’s freezing outside. What if you catch a cold?"

"How about... we just squeeze together?"

For Aya to take the initiative to say such words was already considered an explicit statement.

She was just short of directly stripping off her own clothes right in front of Alex’s face.

However, Alex acted entirely as if he hadn’t understood, he shrugged and laughed.

"Rest assured, Senior Sister Aya. I have cultivated fire-controlling techniques and can start a fire to keep warm. I won’t catch a cold."

"Sweet dreams, Senior Sister Aya. I won’t disturb you."

With that said, Alex elegantly turned around and flicked his sleeves. Right before leaving, he didn’t forget to thoughtfully close the door for Aya.

Bang!

Listening to the sound of the door closing echoing in her ears, looking at this empty, desolate cave dwelling, Aya felt as if she had eaten a solid closed-door snub, she felt like an absolute clown.

She was so angry her eyes turned red and her entire body trembled, directly shedding unconvincing golden teardrops.

"I, a girl, have already made my words so obvious. Why are you still completely indifferent?!"

"Do you truly not understand, or are you intentionally playing dumb?!"

"Hmph, idiot Junior Brother Taryn, you deserve to be single for the rest of your life!"

Aya directly lay down on the bed, using the pillow Alex had slept on to cover her head, burying her face to sleep in a fit of pique.

However, she had just felt a slight bit of drowsiness when a burst of knocking came from outside the door.

"Hmm?"

"Could it be this blockhead has figured it out?"

Aya felt a surge of joy in her heart. She hurriedly wiped the tear stains from the corners of her eyes and ran over to open the door, skipping with excitement.

However, upon opening the door, the excited smile on her face instantly froze.

The person standing outside was not the Alex of her fantasies. But rather three panting, flush-faced, excited middle-aged men, Torin, Lorin, and Nerin.

"Three... Elders?" Looking at their excited and fanatical appearance, Aya vigilantly took a step back.

"Is there something you need?"

"Hehe, there is, of course there is!" Nerin grinned.

"Aya, I know you have always suffered from a stomach ailment, and whenever it gets cold at night, you often get stomachaches."

"Therefore, I specifically stewed a Spirit Chicken Five-Ginseng Soup and brought it over for you!"

Nerin took a clay pot out of his storage ring and opened the lid. Looking at the pitch-black, unidentifiable substance inside, Aya almost couldn’t hold back from throwing up.

"Elder, I appreciate your good intentions, it’s just that in the middle of the night..."

Before she could politely decline, Lorin beside him sneered coldly. "Heh, you have the nerve to bring out this kind of soup? I’m afraid it might be poisoned."

He looked toward Aya with earnestness. "However, Miss Aya, a stomach ailment is not something to be ignored!"

"Look, I specifically brought a Spirit Healing Pill and a Rejuvenation Pill from my Peak, specially to treat stomach ailments!"

Looking at the two pills Lorin took out from his robes, Aya couldn’t help but be completely speechless.

This stomach ailment of hers was brought from her mother’s womb.

Since childhood, her father had sought out countless famous doctors, yet all were helpless. If two Profound-tier pills could cure it, would she have been troubled by it for so many years?

"Shoo, shoo, what kind of garbage pills are those? You actually have the nerve to take them out!" Torin scolded, patted his chest, and said loudly.

"Miss Aya, I have a method!"

"Since your stomach ailment is caused by the cold, as long as I bring you warmth, wouldn’t it be cured?"

"Fire Release, Art of the Eternal Sun!"

Torin raised his index and middle fingers, spewing out a ball of blazing fire.

The raging fire condensed in mid-air, directly transforming into a miniature sun, releasing a melting warmth and a dazzling light.

Nerin and Lorin were instantly enlightened, looking at Torin with gazes full of admiration.

A Senior Brother is a Senior Brother indeed, you are still the best at kissing up.

Torin stood with his arms crossed, feeling proud for a moment before quietly opening his eyes, wanting to see Aya’s reaction.

However, not only did Aya not shed tears of being moved as he imagined, her face was actually as gloomy as still water.

So angry the corners of her mouth twitched non-stop.

"Miss Aya, what’s wrong?" Torin asked in confusion.

"Could it be that my Art of the Eternal Sun is still not warm enough?"