Chapter 93

These four branch family Saint Lords, who were usually always united, not only failed to band together to resist him...

Instead, their many years of friendship vanished into thin air. They started directly tearing into each other like a pack of rabid dogs.

Could... could this all have been within the Saint Lord’s expectations?

Then the depths of the Saint Lord’s mind were simply a bit too terrifying.

...

Watching the four branch family heads shirk responsibility, quarrel endlessly, and bite each other until they had mouths full of blood... Alex sat silently with an expressionless face for a long time.

Finally, he spoke calmly.

"Alright, stop tearing into each other."

"What I said just now was not because of any single one of you. Nor was it targeted at any single one of you."

"Rather, the rules of the Hale family are going to change from this day forward."

Oscar Hale asked cautiously. "The Saint Lord means..."

"Everyone knows that in the major dynasties, there are Mission Exchange Pavilions established."

Alex’s voice was faint and unhurried.

"If you want to earn spirit stones, you must execute missions and exchange your battle spoils for them."

"From this day forward, our Hale family will be exactly the same."

"All of the Main Family’s resources, including my position as the Saint Lord. You are welcome to covet them."

"However, no reward without merit. Whoever wants resources will have to rely on their own abilities to establish merit and claim the reward."

"If anyone accomplishes a monumental deed capable of revitalizing the family, I can even give them the very throne beneath my ass."

"But for those bastards who show up to work but don’t put in the effort. Who hide far away when the family is in trouble. Who rush to the absolute front of the line when it’s time to collect resources..."

"I will not let them take away a single spirit stone."

...

Hearing these words, the four branch family heads fell into silence. Their expressions slightly complicated.

To tell the truth, Alex’s attitude today inevitably made rebellious thoughts sprout in their hearts. Under this system, they would be equivalent to becoming true branch families.

Forced to obey the Main Family’s orders absolutely.

For the four of them, who were used to acting as local emperors, they were definitely unwilling.

A single thought sprouted in every one of their minds.

Why not just risk everything in a desperate fight to exterminate the Main Family? Carve up the resources and stand tall as four independent powers.

However, this thought was entertained for only a fleeting second before being instantly abandoned.

If their four branch families joined forces, it was indeed possible to topple the Main Family. But who could guarantee the other three would exert their utmost effort just like themselves?

What if one of them secretly held back to preserve their strength? Then the other three would absolutely die an incredibly ugly death.

The four branch family heads knew perfectly well what kind of human nature they themselves possessed.

Therefore, none of them would ever place their own lives into the hands of people just as despicable, greedy, and selfish as themselves.

...

A moment later, Oscar was the first to state his position. His voice awkward.

"Saint Lord, I feel that this policy is truly too brilliant!"

"This way, not only is it an incentive for the branch family juniors, but it also has massive benefits for the development of the entire family!"

"Our White Feather branch family is the first to support it!"

Peter was silent for a moment before gritting his teeth and nodding.

"My Myriad Thunder branch family resolutely supports any decision made by the Saint Lord!"

"If the Saint Lord orders me to go east, I will absolutely not go west!"

Martin, being incredibly shrewd, hurriedly picked his side as well.

"Our Imperial Plume branch family will forever obey the Saint Lord’s commands!"

"May our Saint Lord enjoy longevity like the pine and crane! Ten thousand years, ten thousand of ten thousand years, hundred thousand of ten thousand years!"

With the other three having already stated their positions, Alice was a single tree unable to support a falling building. Even though she was displeased in her heart, she could only nod helplessly.

"I... I agree as well..."

"Excellent!"

Alex nodded with a satisfied smile. His eyes narrowed as he spoke deeply.

"Speaking of which, I do currently have a rather thorny mission on hand."

"This mission concerns the very safety of the Main Family. It is already a fire burning our eyebrows. It brooks no delay."

"Oh?"

The eyes of the four branch family heads instantly lit up.

Although they couldn’t care less about the Main Family’s safety, they were certainly always concerned about their own interests.

"Saint Lord, since that is the case, the reward must be extremely generous, right?" Oscar rubbed his hands together excitedly.

"You just said it yourself. From now on, rewards will be given based on merit."

"Mm. You can rest assured about that. What I have said, I naturally acknowledge."

Alex nodded. His voice faint.

"Whoever can complete this mission and help me resolve this massive hidden threat... I will bestow upon them thirty Heaven and Earth-tier cultivation methods, three hundred stalks of Heaven and Earth-tier spiritual herbs, and three hundred thousand high-grade spirit stones."

!!!

The four branch family heads instantly lost all composure.

Thirty Heaven and Earth-tier cultivation methods and three hundred Heaven and Earth-tier spiritual herbs. This was practically equivalent to an entire year’s worth of resource reserves for their branch families.

Enough to fully support the cultivation of ten Void Amalgamation Realm experts.

"Saint Lord, just say the word! What is the mission?!" Peter patted his chest and declared loudly.

"No matter what it is, I, Peter Hale, will definitely get it done for you!"

Alex narrowed his eyes. His expression turning serious.

"Recently, a blood-drinking, flesh-eating, atrocious Great Demon at the fifth level of the Supreme Realm has infiltrated our Main Family’s holy land."

"This Great Demon has a vicious and brutal temperament, and has already claimed the lives of dozens of our family’s disciples."

"If it is not captured, I will be unable to eat or sleep in peace."