Chapter 68

"Because the cave is filled to the brim with toxic gas. The moment you relax even slightly, the gas will directly seep into your Dantian."

"Even if you absolutely must consume the Innate Poison Cloud, you have to wait until you are out of the Demon Cave!"

Although Knox felt suspicious, seeing Leo speak so gravely, he had no choice but to believe him. He clutched the Innate Poison Cloud in his hand and smiled.

"Since that’s the case, Senior Leo, let’s head out of the Demon Cave first!"

At once, Knox and Leo walked out of the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave together.

"Huh, Senior Leo." Knox noticed the two demonic bees jammed into both sides of Leo’s temples and looked confused.

"What is this... on your head?"

"It’s nothing!" Leo hurriedly waved his hands.

"They are just... two inconsequential little accessories!"

Looking at Leo’s unnatural expression, Knox felt a bit suspicious.

Why was this guy acting so weird? His words making no sense. Did he drink too much toxic juice and fry his brain?

However, in a treacherous place like the Five Poisons Valley, Knox didn’t dare to be too arrogant. Listening to Leo, a certified poison expert, was definitely the right move.

He temporarily abandoned the idea of directly devouring the Innate Poison Cloud. Obediently following Leo toward the exit of the cave.

As they walked, they arrived at a fork in the road. Seeing Leo walk toward the left path without the slightest hesitation, Knox suddenly realized something wasn’t right.

He stopped in his tracks.

"Senior Leo, did we go the wrong way?"

"According to the map you gave me earlier, we should be going right."

"The path on the left passes through a cavern inhabited by highly toxic Heart-Devouring Bats, doesn’t it?"

"Uh... the map might not necessarily be accurate." Leo forced an awkward smile.

"Heart-Devouring Bats are extremely agile demonic beasts and have never had a fixed home."

"At noon, they like to roost in the dark, damp caves on the left."

"Now that it’s dusk, they generally move to the dry, warm plains on the right to be active."

Knox was half-skeptical. But seeing how firm Leo’s footsteps were, he had no choice but to follow him down the left path.

However, after walking just a dozen meters, an eerie, low chittering sound echoed in their ears.

Dozens of dark green bats were hanging upside down from the rock walls on both sides. Their eyes a crimson, bloody red. Staring at the two men with frenzied excitement.

"Heart-Devouring Bats!" Leo feigned absolute panic.

"Knox, retreat quickly!"

He instantly oiled the soles of his feet, turning around and fleeing as fast as he could.

Knox’s heart clenched. He also wanted to turn and run. But his feet suddenly tripped over something. A thick, dark green vine, It caused him to stumble and crash heavily to the ground.

"Screeeech!" The Heart-Devouring Bats opened their bloody maws, flapping their wings as they dove straight toward him.

Facing the dense, overwhelming swarm blotting out the cave ceiling, Knox’s face was filled with terror.

But amidst that terror, his expression suddenly twisted into vicious cruelty.

Steeling his heart, a dense cluster of pure spiritual energy swirled in his palms.

"A bunch of wicked beasts want to devour this young master’s heart?!"

"This young master will annihilate you all first!"

"Heavenly Flame Star Attraction!"

Knox’s hands acted like black holes, emitting a terrifyingly powerful suction force.

The Heart-Devouring Bats let out bursts of miserable, agonizing shrieks. Clusters of green smoke were forcefully ripped from their bodies, sucked right into Knox’s palms. Only their bloody, desiccated corpses remained, falling to the ground with wet thuds.

After absorbing this green mist, the aura surrounding Knox underwent a sudden, dramatic transformation.

In a single instant, he broke straight through to the peak of the Foundation Establishment Realm.

Knox exhaled a long breath of foul air and grinned. "Senior Leo, come back. It’s fine now."

Leo had originally believed Knox was absolutely dead without a doubt.

Turning his head and witnessing this scene, the smile instantly froze on his face. He shuffled awkwardly back to Knox’s side.

"That move you just used was...?"

"Not bad, isn’t it?" Knox looked at his palms, a satisfied smile curling on his lips.

"The Heavenly Flame Attraction Art, personally imparted to me by the Heavenly Flame Empress."

"It is exactly as Her Majesty said. This cultivation method provides soaring, heaven-defying assistance to my cultivation!"

Leo’s expression was incredibly complicated.

The Heavenly Flame Attraction Art was the Heavenly Flame Empress Aurelia’s ultimate, most powerful technique.

It allowed the user to utilize their own Dantian to suppress and forcefully absorb an enemy’s spiritual energy. Against opponents in the same realm, it was practically invincible.

Leo never expected that Aurelia would actually value this young man so highly. She had even passed down the Heavenly Flame Attraction Art to him.

For a moment, he couldn’t help but suck his teeth in sheer, agonizing conflict.

On one side was the person backed by the Heavenly Flame Empress. If he caused Knox’s death and the news leaked out, it would inevitably invite the frantic, world-ending revenge of the Heavenly Flame Dynasty.

On the other side was the Hale family’s Saint Lord. Ruthless, black-hearted, tyrannically violent.

He simply couldn’t afford to offend either side.

Just as Leo was struggling painfully in his heart, the bee stingers embedded in both his temples suddenly drilled deeper into his brain.

Leo’s face paled drastically. He couldn’t help but secretly gasp in pain.

He could practically feel Alex’s playful, mocking eyes looking down at him from above. He could hear that icy, bone-piercing voice warning him.

If you don’t help him, you might invite the Heavenly Flame Empress’s revenge later. But if you do help me, I can kill you right here, right now.

...

In truth, Alex was indeed standing outside the cave, monitoring Leo’s every move.

Seeing Leo noticeably behave himself after receiving the warning, Alex stroked his chin.

After a brief thought, he turned to Joanna.

"Joanna, I’m going to the back of the cave to take a look around."

"Stand guard here at the entrance and wait for my return."