Chapter 264

Summoning the Northern Yin Ghost Emperor required using an unknown number of Ghost Servant Contracts.

As a result, after summoning him, he would be gone in the blink of an eye? What kind of showy operation was this?

The Heavenly Mountain Ghost Ancestor’s one cycle of reincarnation was equally outrageous.

One cycle of reincarnation, in the usual sense, represented a sexagenary cycle of sixty years.

A span of sixty years for a God Realm mighty figure could be said to pass in the blink of an eye.

But for the mortals of this world, coexisting with a God Realm mighty figure for sixty years had an entirely different meaning.

With the power of a God Realm mighty figure, not to mention sixty years, even a mere six days would be enough to completely slaughter all living beings in this world.

Sixty years was enough to destroy the world, create new creatures, then destroy them again, and create them again, repeating this an unknown number of times, playing with heaven, earth, and all creations in the palm of his hand.

And this final Wheel-Turning King went off the rails to an outrageous degree.

At least the Heavenly Mountain Ghost Ancestor had a time limit.

The Wheel-Turning King, on the other hand, went with Eternal. Directly not pretending anymore.

What did Eternal mean? It meant that as long as he summoned the Wheel-Turning King, he would stick around in this world and never leave.

That would absolutely be equivalent to summoning a living ancestor into this world.

Unless he himself could continuously use Ghost Servant Contracts to control him. Otherwise, the moment he broke free, he could destroy this world with a flick of his finger.

Moreover, if Alex remembered correctly, the Six Paths Wheel of Destruction Technique he was cultivating originated from the Ten Yama Kings’ Reincarnation Holy Emperor, the Wheel-Turning King himself.

As the creator of this cultivation method, for the Wheel-Turning King to actually be summoned by the Hungry Ghost Path was incredibly outrageous.

In case the Wheel-Turning King possessed some secret techniques that could break free from the Hungry Ghost Path’s control, then it would truly be blasting awesome straight to the heavens.

Alex narrowed his eyes and closed the Record of the Six Paths’ Ten Thousand Ghosts, secretly feeling a lingering wave of trepidation.

The power of this Hungry Ghost Path was truly formidable to the point of being fearsome, fully worthy of the 280,000 Providence Points price tag. However, Alex didn’t plan on summoning any malicious ghosts at the Saint Realm or above anytime soon.

Inviting a god is easy, sending a god away is hard.

This saying applied equally to ghosts.

If the malicious ghost he summoned was too formidable and broke free from his control, then he’d be completely screwed.

"However, having spent so much to redeem this cultivation method, not practicing it would be a pity." Alex narrowed his eyes slightly, a smile curling at the corners of his mouth.

"No matter what, I should refine a few Ghost Servant Contracts first and summon some little ghosts to play around with."

Immediately, Alex sat cross-legged, fully concentrating and pouring all his energy into refining Ghost Servant Contracts.

Originally, he thought refining them wouldn’t be difficult.

But now that he truly set about it, he realized just how naive his thoughts had been.

This Ghost Servant Contract was truly not meant for humans to refine.

His cultivation currently reached the peak of the Supreme Realm, just half a step from the Saint Realm.

With the blessing of the Rakshasa Abyssal Saint Body, the abundance of spiritual energy in his body far surpassed other cultivators of the same level.

Even an abnormal-level divine ability like the Calamity Supreme Being, Alex could maintain for about three minutes going all out.

Yet to refine Ghost Servant Contracts, Alex had spent an entire night. He exhausted about eighty percent of his spiritual energy, only to refine a mere two.

At dawn, a ray of sunlight shone in from outside. Alex held three eerie, black-mist-shrouded Ghost Servant Contracts in one hand, panting heavily while sweat continuously poured down his forehead.

"Good heavens, I didn’t expect these little gadgets, which don’t look like much, would actually take so much effort to refine. It seems that if I want to accumulate some capital, it will still take quite a bit of time."

Alex’s initial plan was to refine around twenty or thirty first.

At the very least, he needed to ensure he could summon any Saint Realm ghost at any time. He was even more worried about the possibility of having the duration run out while facing a strong enemy and being unable to recall the ghost.

At a time like that, if he didn’t have savings on hand to promptly renew with another Ghost Servant Contract, the situation would go from dangerous to fatal.

Just in case, using more spiritual energy now was no big deal.

After greeting Elara, Alex went directly into secluded cultivation inside the Saint Lord’s Hall for ten days.

Every day, he was either refining Ghost Servant Contracts or recovering spiritual energy.

After a full ten days of endless repetition, Alex finally lived up to expectations and successfully refined twenty-five Ghost Servant Contracts.

Although he wanted to save up more, he was truly getting bored, irritable, and restless from being cooped up, so he temporarily stopped.

"Elara, bring me something to eat!"

"Yes, coming right away!"

Over these past ten days, other than eating and sleeping, Elara had been guarding outside the Saint Lord’s Hall every single day.

The moment Alex called out, she heard it immediately and brought over a sumptuous meal with wine.

As Alex comfortably drank his wine, he asked. "Elara, during these ten days of my secluded cultivation, has nothing happened in the clan?"

Elara smiled and nodded. "Mhm, everything has been peaceful."

"Then have the Ashen family girl and the Vire family girl gotten used to staying here?"

"They’ve somewhat gotten used to it." Elara smiled.

"Miss Brina has a lively and cheerful disposition, filled with loyalty and heroism. Miss Leona is erudite and multi-talented, possessing the demeanor of a noble lady."

"Most of the disciples in the clan respect them greatly. Especially some of the younger female generation, they get along with them extremely well, like biological sisters."