Chapter 300

Immediately, the Thunder Ghost King held his patience, continuing to lie dormant within the dense forest, waiting for the next prey.

After waiting another three to five minutes, two more people walked over from afar. The Thunder Ghost King narrowed his eyes, just about to strike.

But as the two men approached, he focused his gaze and silently withdrew his ghost qi again.

This time, passing before him were two middle-aged men. Their strength was even stronger than the previous two, both having reached the Fifth Level of the Supreme Realm.

It was exactly the Fenn family Saint Lord, Thalen Wren, and the Mire family Saint Lord, Ziven Mire.

"Saint Lord Ziven, I remember in previous years you never participated in the Hale family’s Heaven Sacrifice Ceremony." Thalen asked with interest.

"Why is it that this year you came personally, and even brought such a generous congratulatory gift?"

Ziven smiled. "Saint Lord Thalen, are you not the same?"

"Back in the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm, we all nearly died at the hands of those Three Evil Buddhas. If Saint Lord Alex had not stepped in to save us, you and I would have followed in the footsteps of Cain, Kray, and the others."

"Saint Lord Alex’s lifesaving grace is heavier than mountains and seas. How could we not repay it? If we did not even come to the Hale family’s Heaven Sacrifice Ceremony, would we not be cursed by the world as ungrateful?"

"Heh heh, that is true." Thalen cheerfully nodded, then asked deeply.

"Saint Lord Ziven, that vile Knox who ambushed us last time, have you found him yet?"

"Not yet." Ziven shook his head, a fierce look flowing through his eyes.

"However, I have mobilized all the secret guards of my Mire family to search for Knox’s whereabouts throughout the Heavenly Flame Dynasty. That brat Knox colluded with the Three Evil Buddhas and nearly cost me my life. Even if I have to dig three feet into the ground, I must dig him out and smash his corpse into ten thousand pieces!"

Thalen said with shared hatred. "Correct, I have also mobilized all my connections, searching everywhere in the Heavenly Flame Dynasty. Sooner or later, when I get my hands on Knox, I will imprison his soul within my Soul-Extinguishing Banner, making him unable to reincarnate for all eternity!"

Ziven and Thalen, while dropping ruthless words, leisurely strolled away into the distance.

In the dense forest, the Thunder Ghost King was already covered in cold sweat, trembling with lingering trepidation.

"Two more Supreme Realm powerhouses..."

"Didn’t Nether Earth say that only Alex was somewhat difficult to deal with in the Hale family, and everyone else was just nourishment?"

"Who the fuck can chew on Supreme Realm nourishment?!"

The confidence he had when he arrived was long gone. Originally, when he came to the Hale family, he thought he was a wolf sneaking into a sheep pen, able to slaughter and devour as he pleased.

But now he felt as if he were a stupid wolf, willingly throwing himself into a hunter’s trap.

"Nether Earth, even if you want revenge, you cannot fucking scam me to death like this, right?!"

"If I had known the Hale family was such a crouching tiger, hidden dragon place, there is no way I would have come alone to act as bait!"

Having witnessed four Supreme Realm powerhouses in succession, the Thunder Ghost King had already developed the thought of running away.

But alas, the Nether Earth Ghost King’s promise of giving him the Nether Earth Soul Chase secret technique was truly too tempting. The greed in his heart made him forcefully suppress his fear and continue lurking.

"Going on a massive killing spree within this Hale family should be impossible. As long as I can pick off a few soft persimmons to slaughter, alerting Alex and luring him out, it will be enough."

"Then, before those Supreme Realm powerhouses are alerted, if I lure Alex into Nether Earth’s trap, everything will be perfect."

"Mhm, that is what I will do!"

The Thunder Ghost King held his breath, continuing to hide within the dense forest, not daring to move an inch.

After waiting another half an incense stick’s time, he saw another group of figures walking over from afar.

Before they even got close, with just a casual glance, the Thunder Ghost King’s heart instantly ran half cold.

This group had about a dozen people, and every single one, without exception, was at least Mahayana Realm.

Walking at the very front were two young people, one man and one woman. They did not look old, but shockingly, both were Heaven’s Chosen at the Seventh Level of the Supreme Realm.

It was exactly the Fourth Prince of the Feather Imperial Family, Aelin Feather, and the Eldest Princess of the Star Imperial Family, Kaia Star.

"Princess Kaia, I truly did not expect your dignified Star Imperial Family would come to participate in the Hale family’s Heaven Sacrifice Ceremony." Aelin Feather, dressed in a white robe and holding a folding fan, radiated a romantic, unrestrained air from head to toe.

Compared to a solemn imperial prince, he looked much more like a bohemian, uninhibited young master.

His gaze sized up Kaia, and he said with interest. "If I remember correctly, during the Heavenly Flame Empress’s birthday banquet, your Purple Star Dynasty merely sent a minor official to offer a symbolic congratulation."

"For the Heaven Sacrifice Ceremony of a minor Saint Lineage family to have your Eldest Princess attend in person, is that not a bit too grand?"

Kaia was dressed in a long purple dress, gorgeous and elegant. Her entire being overflowed with noble air, radiating an aura that said strangers do not approach.

As she spoke, her voice was gentle and generous, fully possessing the demeanor of a noble lady from a great family.

"Why the sarcasm, Fourth Prince? Does your White Feather Dynasty not place equal importance on this?"

"Otherwise, why would they send you, the Fourth Prince who has always had a carefree temperament, specifically to bring gifts and offer congratulations?"

"You and I both know clearly that this Saint Lord Alex of the Hale family is absolutely not as simple as an ordinary master of a Saint Lineage family."