Chapter 148

"Ignorant brat, how dare you!"

Alex frowned slightly, years of danger perception caused him to subconsciously teleport backward.

At that exact same moment, a fierce golden sword intent brushed right past the tip of his nose. Had he been off by even half an inch, it would have pierced straight through his skull.

"What a powerful sword intent." Alex narrowed his eyes, slowly turned his head.

He saw an elderly man floating in mid-air behind him. Entire body composed of golden light. Face solemn and full of absolute majesty.

A giant golden sword in his hand, radiating sharp, oppressive sword might.

Beside the old man stood two men clad in golden armor, wielding swords. Their auras similarly extraordinary and unfathomably deep.

This old man’s strength was identical to Alex’s own. Shockingly reaching the ninth level of the Supreme Realm. And the two golden-armored swordsmen were experts at the fourth level of the Supreme Realm.

The sudden appearance of these three experts of unknown origin caused a trace of solemnity to arise in Alex’s heart. But on the surface, he still wore mockery sneer.

"Who would you be?"

"The Evergreat Sword Ancestor."

Hearing these words, Vincent, hanging from the tree with an ashen face, instantly revealed ecstatic joy.

"Ever... Ancestor Evergreat!"

"I didn’t expect that at this critical moment, the Ancestor would actually appear to save the sect!"

"And there’s the Left Protector, Lord of Mystic Day, and the Right Protector, Lord of Profound Night!"

"With the Ancestor and the two Lord Protectors here, this mere Alex is dead without a doubt!"

"The Heavens have not forsaken my Divine Blade Sect!"

The rest of the crowd still conscious also had their faces fill with wild, ecstatic excitement.

The Evergreat Sword Ancestor stood with his hands behind his back. Narrowing his eyes. "Ever since this old man founded the Divine Blade Sect, no one has ever dared to act so wildly on this land."

"Ignorant brat, today, you must die!"

His figure flashed. Instantly closing the distance. Pressing forward.

So fast! Alex was secretly astonished. But he had no choice but to bite the bullet, transforming the Soul-Devouring Swords back into the Purple Cloud Demon Sword to block and parry the opponent’s offensive.

Ever since establishing his fame, Alex had always been invincible in attack. Triumphant in battle. Boasting a legendary record of absolutely zero defeats.

In the entire world, very few people could even fight him to a draw.

But today, in a rare one-on-one situation, he was actually being firmly suppressed. He even exposed flaws several times. Narrowly and thrillingly avoiding defeat and death.

He had no choice. The person he was facing right now was the founding patriarch of the Divine Blade Sect, the Evergreat Sword Ancestor.

To be precise, the Evergreat Sword Ancestor before him was merely a clone, a remnant soul. Because the true Evergreat Sword Ancestor had long since ascended to the Great Dao and achieved physical sanctification many years ago.

If his true body descended, even ten Alexs would find it difficult to match him. But even so, in the current world, aside from Alex himself, the number of people who could rival this remnant soul could probably be counted on one hand.

"Excellent, excellent!" While madly suppressing Alex, the Evergreat Sword Ancestor’s eyes filled with a fanatical, brilliant glint.

"A handsome appearance. Highly formidable techniques. A strong and sturdy body."

"This old man has lived in this world for tens of thousands of years. This is the first time I’ve seen such a top-tier vessel."

"Brat, I will give you a chance. Kneel down, kowtow, and submit to me."

"Otherwise, this old man will have no choice but to act ruthlessly and destroy this excellent skin of yours."

A trace of doubt arose in Alex’s heart.

Rumor has it that the Evergreat Sword Ancestor was a figure of absolute righteousness and unyielding sanctity. His coming here today was to destroy the Divine Blade Sect. It made logical sense for the remnant soul to appear and protect the sect.

But if this really was the remnant soul of the Evergreat Sword Ancestor, why would he say such incredibly evil words? Shouldn’t that be the dialogue for a major villain like himself?

Looking at it this way, there was only one possibility.

This Evergreat Sword Ancestor... was a fake.

"You want me to submit to you? An idiot’s daydream!" Alex narrowed his eyes, smiled coldly.

"Today, if it isn’t you who dies, it will be me!"

During the battle, Alex wasn’t just blindly retreating in defeat. While losing ground step by step, his mind was rapidly analyzing the situation.

The reason the Evergreat Sword Ancestor was so difficult to deal with wasn’t just because his cultivation was formidable.

The bigger reason was that his body was not physical. It existed in a spirit body state. Against a spirit body, the methods Alex possessed to actually wound him could be counted on one hand.

The few demonic energy attacks that could cause damage were easily blocked and dissolved by the opponent’s sword intent.

Meanwhile, if every single one of the Evergreat Sword Ancestor’s attacks hit him, they would cause unimaginably severe injuries.

"Right!" Alex suddenly froze. A flash of inspiration sparking in his mind.

"This guy is in a spirit body state and has always been attached to the Swords of the Martial Ancestor."

"Then wouldn’t the best weapons to deal with him be those exact two swords?"

"Furthermore, the All-Encompassing Myriad Phenomena Technique I cultivate also requires a divine weapon as a catalyst."

"If I use the Swords of the Martial Ancestor as the catalyst, wouldn’t I be able to fuse them into the ultimate martial skill? One not inferior to the Divine Wood Saint’s from back then?"

Thinking of this, Alex subconsciously cast his gaze downward.

Just now, the Peak Master’s Hall of Sunblaze Peak had been completely destroyed by his single strike. The dungeon beneath it had also been leveled to the ground.

At this very moment, there were shockingly two gleaming golden sword hilts stabbed into the earth. Radiating a powerful attraction. Seemingly trying to entice him.