Chapter 230

Putting it this way, there was only one possibility.

This Vault of Divine Sword Heart was intentionally thrown away by Junior Brother Taryn, and he intentionally let her pick it up.

Thinking of this, the gaze with which Aya looked at Alex became incomparably bizarre.

She tightly gripped her clothes and lowered her head. A trace of crimson blush bloomed on her cheeks, her breathing becoming somewhat hurried.

Alex frowned, asking suspiciously, "Senior Sister Aya, what’s wrong with you?"

"Do you have a fever? Are you feeling unwell?"

Alex subconsciously reached out his hand, intending to touch Aya’s forehead to see if it was hot. However, Aya directly swatted his hand away, she backed up several steps and said vigilantly, "Junior Brother Taryn, you... are you trying to hit on me?"

Alex: "?"

"Junior Brother Taryn, let me tell you, it’s impossible between us!" Aya said nervously.

"Although I think you are a very good person, our two families have a multi-generational blood feud after all."

"My parents and my family members would absolutely never allow me to be with a descendant of the Lark family!"

"You are a very good person, but I am truly very sorry..."

Alex: "??"

Wait, no. What did I even say? How did you suddenly pop out with so many baffling words and even hand me a nice guy friendzone card?

Exactly what kind of melodramatic, dog-blood soap opera plot has this woman’s brain conjured up?

"No, wait, Senior Sister Aya, you misunderstand." Alex laughed in bewilderment.

"I’m not trying to be with you..."

"Rest assured, Junior Brother Taryn, I understand everything. You don’t need to say anything." Yet Aya directly reached out a finger, pressing it against Alex’s lips, she lowered her head and revealed a shy smile.

"Rest assured, your feelings, I understand them all."

"Although I cannot be with you, I will absolutely never let down this good intention of yours."

"You gave me such a precious gift. I will definitely repay you well."

Alex: "???"

No, wait. What the hell are you blushing for? What feelings do I have? Why are you putting on an expression like you’re preparing to pledge yourself in marriage?

Help! She’s clearly so young and pretty, and a wealthy young lady from a pretty good background, so why is she acting so outrageously ordinary yet overly confident?

Just as Alex was completely at a loss for what to do with Aya, his face full of helplessness, the main doors of the Azure Dragon Hall were suddenly pushed open with a loud bang.

Nerin, his face radiant with the joy of spring, was seen walking in from outside with grand, sweeping strides. Meanwhile, Aerin, Torin, and all the other elders trailed behind him, looking entirely dejected and crestfallen.

Nerin strode eagerly up to Aya, his eyes full of excited, fanatical light as he praised, "Aya, you are truly amazing!"

"For Falling Dust Peak to possess a disciple like you is truly the fortune of the entire peak! I am proud of you!"

Aya was made somewhat overwhelmed by Nerin’s intense reaction, she said weakly, "Elder, you... you must be mistaken, right?"

"Junior Brother Taryn is first place in the assessment. I am merely second place..."

"What first place, second place, none of that matters!" Nerin said excitedly.

"Although you are second place in the assessment, you obtained the legendary Vault of Divine Sword Heart!"

"Aya, do you know what this means?"

"It means the Evergreat Sword Ancestor has, from the unseen world, appointed and selected you to inherit his mantle!"

"You are the chosen one by heaven, and the only one! You are the one Providence favors, the future pillar of talent for the Divine Blade Sect!"

"From today onward, all resources of Falling Dust Peak will be allocated to you first. To take and use as you please!"

"Also, that cave dwelling of yours is getting old. Don’t live there anymore."

"Once we return to the peak, I will move somewhere else. You just go ahead and live in my Peak Master Hall!"

"And my maids, I’ll leave them all for you to use..."

Listening to the string of lavish prices Nerin was offering, Alex couldn’t help but feel secretly amused.

Good heavens. In order to suck up to and curry favor with a genius, this Nerin is treating Aya with more filial piety than he would his own biological father.

However, this wasn’t strange. After all, Aya had obtained the Vault of Divine Sword Heart.

For a cultivator, the Vault of Divine Sword Heart wasn’t as simple as merely bestowing an Emperor-tier sword technique.

The sheer gold-weight of having one’s Sword Dao innate talent maxed out and Sword Technique comprehension maxed out needed no further explanation.

Although she was currently only at the Core Formation Realm, in a week at most she would break through to the Nascent Soul Realm.

In a month at most, the Enlightenment Realm.

Three months to Void Amalgamation.

Half a year to Mahayana.

To reach the Supreme Realm, she would need a year’s time at absolute most.

For this kind of genius, of course one had to suck up to them at all costs, any other elder would do the exact same thing.

Facing Nerin’s lavish conditions, Aya remained entirely silent. It wasn’t until after he finished speaking that she finally opened her mouth.

"Nerin, I’m sorry."

"I... do not plan to stay at Falling Dust Peak anymore."

"What?!" Nerin’s smile instantly froze on his face, the corners of his mouth twitched slightly. He was so anxious tears almost fell out, he grabbed Aya’s shoulders with both hands, his voice even trembling.

"Aya, wh... why?!"

"Since you joined the sect a month ago, have I treated you poorly?!"

"Or are you still unsatisfied with the conditions I just offered? If you’re unsatisfied, we can negotiate some more!"

"I beg you to properly reconsider. Do not be so heartless!"

Aya revealed an apologetic look, pulling away from Nerin’s hands and taking a step back. "Elder, over this past month, you have truly treated me very well."

"And the conditions you offered truly leave me overwhelmed by favor, I am unworthy of them."

"However... Aya’s ambitions truly do not lie here. It cannot be forced."

"Therefore, I ask the Elder to forgive Aya’s heartlessness..."