Chapter 242

"It seems this time, this great villain is going to play the role of a loyal subject to the nation for once."

Just as Alex was silently calculating in his heart, Sylra suddenly walked over from the distance.

He hurriedly did a carp kip-up to stand and smiled. "Senior, why are you here?"

"Stinky brat, you have the nerve to ask." Sylra’s old face was black. He directly whacked his crutch against Alex’s skull, cursing and swearing.

"You brat stirred up so much trouble yourself, yet you let this old man take the blame for you."

"You’re quite happy enjoying your leisure, freely sunbathing here, are you trying to anger this old man to death?"

Alex feigned bewilderment, playing dumb. "Senior, what... what are you talking about?"

"You’ve always known me. I have always acted with a low profile and would absolutely never stir up trouble out of nothing."

"Besides, haven’t I been sunbathing here every day before this?"

"Why is it that after participating in an assessment and seizing a championship, I can’t even sunbathe after coming back?"

Sylra was so angry he bared his teeth. "Brat, playing dumb with me, huh?"

"Come, come, come. Since you don’t understand, I will take you to see exactly how massive of a disaster you’ve caused!"

Immediately, Sylra grabbed Alex’s hand and, without allowing any explanation, dragged him out of the woods.

Arriving at the front peak, although Alex was already prepared in his heart, seeing the scene before him still made him secretly jump in shock.

On the surface, he acted even more exaggeratedly, his mouth hanging wide open in astonishment. "Senior, this... what is going on here?!"

Alex stroked his chin, looking with deep interest at the small mountain of several hundred secret manuals piled up on the left.

Sylra explained with a black face. "This is Lorin, who just delivered all the secret manuals of his entire Peak to me."

"Oh." Alex then looked to the side, at the small mountain formed by several hundred piled-up swords.

"Then this is...?"

"This is Aerin, who just delivered all the swords in the treasury of his Spirit Artisan Peak to me."

"Oh." Alex then looked in front of him, at the over two thousand harmless-looking disciples whose eyes revealed a pure, untainted stupidity.

"Then this is...?"

"This is Torin, who selected two thousand disciples with superior innate talent from Hundred Souls Peak and had them join Broken Sword Peak." Sylra said with a black face.

"Look at this, these are all the good deeds you and that Aya have done!"

"Sigh!" Alex waved his hand disapprovingly.

"Senior, these are all things we ought to do. You don’t need to thank me."

"No matter what, I’ve lived at Broken Sword Peak for over a month and received quite a bit of your care."

"Helping you with this little bit of a matter was merely lifting a finger."

"What?!" Sylra’s eyes widened, so angry he blew his beard and glared his eyes.

"Who said this old man wanted to thank you?!"

"These few Junior Brothers of mine are normally too lazy to even make a trip to Broken Sword Peak."

"As a result, today, every single one of them acted like they took the wrong medicine, delivering so many resources to me!"

"Tell me, how much trouble is this going to cause me? How am I supposed to peacefully plant vegetables, fish, and spend my retirement in the future?"

Alex didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. "Senior, how can you say such unambitious words?"

"The elders are showing such filial piety, all willing to contribute their strength and add bricks and tiles to rebuild Broken Sword Peak. Isn’t this a great thing showing brotherly love and respect?"

"Besides, I know that although you live a leisurely life every day, Senior, in reality, you have always been an old steed in the stable who still aspires to gallop a thousand miles."

"Now that the elders have responded so actively, why must you continue to laze about?"

"You might as well take advantage of this opportunity, directly wave the grand banner, and you will definitely reproduce Broken Sword Peak’s former glory!"

"You..." The corner of Sylra’s mouth twitched, so angry he didn’t know what to say.

Nerin then arrived behind Alex, saying with a beaming smile, "Exactly, Martial Nephew Taryn is correct!"

"...Hmm?" Alex turned his head, looked at Nerin, and asked blankly, "Senior, this is...?"

"Nerin specifically requested orders from the Sect Master to voluntarily resign from his post as Peak Master of Falling Dust Peak." Sylra explained with a black face.

"From now on, he will move to Broken Sword Peak to be my Vice Peak Master."

Alex instantly didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, almost failing to hold back from laughing out loud.

Wait, no. Gifting weapons, gifting cultivation methods, even gifting disciples, he could understand.

But a dignified Peak Master directly gifting himself away? Wasn’t that a bit too pure bullshit?

Yet Nerin’s face was full of pride, he patted his chest and said loudly, "Senior Brother Sylra, in order to revitalize Broken Sword Peak’s former glory, these are all things I ought to do!"

"Rest assured. I will definitely help you manage all the affairs of revitalizing the peak gate, keeping everything in perfect order!"

"As for you, Senior Brother, just continue to be a hands-off boss like before!"

Suppressing his laughter, Alex said to Sylra, "Senior, congratulations."

"It seems the revitalization of this Broken Sword Peak is imperative and unavoidable!"

...

In the blink of an eye, half a month passed.

Over this half-month, the entire Divine Blade Sect could be described as bustling with noise and excitement, a boiling cauldron of activity.

The major peak gates were all unprecedentedly generous.

Those with money contributed money, those with strength contributed strength, those with resources contributed resources.

In order to rebuild Broken Sword Peak, every single one of them risked their life savings.

Of course, Alex was clear that these old foxes who never rose early without a profit couldn’t possibly care about the honor, disgrace, life, or death of Broken Sword Peak.

If they truly worried about it, they would have set about doing it long ago. Why wait until now?

The reason these old foxes were so active was entirely just to curry favor with him.

Or rather, to use him to curry favor with Aya!