Chapter 129

This was a matter of practice making perfect. Not something that could be compensated for merely by having a powerful cultivation base.

Evil Sword could slaughter an entire small village in an instant using the eighteen swords. Yet Alex, using them to deal with a single Zella, couldn’t even achieve an instant kill. Instead, he had to make her endure a burst of pain worse than death before expiring.

"Ah!"

Feeling the meridians in her body rupture one by one, pillars of blood constantly spewing from her acupoints, Zella let out miserable, shrill wails.

But she could only endure the swords repeatedly piercing her body. Completely lacking the slightest power to resist.

"Taryn, you piece of trash! You small fry! You actually had such dog-shit luck to obtain such a terrifying divine ability!"

"If I become a ghost, I will never let you off!"

Listening to Zella’s hoarse, exhausted screams, Alex’s expression didn’t change in the slightest.

He merely tossed out a restriction. It enveloped Zella’s body, completely isolating her voice and aura inside.

This was to prevent the commotion of her howling like a wolf from waking up that old geezer Sylra and the other mountains.

After torture lasting half the time it takes an incense stick to burn, the swords seemed to have finally played with their prey enough. They slowly floated back in front of Alex and transformed into the Purple Cloud Demon Sword once more.

As for Zella, her entire body was riddled with a thousand gaping wounds. Scarlet blood seeping constantly until she practically resembled a bloody gourd.

"You... you..." She raised her hand, trembling uncontrollably. Her lips moved, squeezing out the last two words.

Immediately after, her body exploded like a balloon. Flesh and blood splattering everywhere. Not leaving behind even half an inch of intact bone.

From within the swords, clusters of pale red light released themselves, merging directly into Alex’s dantian. These lights were precisely the power of blood essence and soul absorbed from Zella’s body.

Alex narrowed his eyes. Absorbing all of it. A satisfied smile curled at the corners of his mouth.

"Not bad."

"This Purple Cloud Demon Sword is truly a good treasure."

The power converted from the blood essence and soul of a weak Nascent Soul cultivator was like a single drop of water falling into a vast ocean for the massive dantian of a Supreme Realm mighty figure like him.

But it meant he had successfully mastered the divine ability to use the Purple Cloud Demon Sword to absorb power.

As long as he used this sword to slaughter continuously, he could continuously absorb the power of blood essence and souls. As long as there were enough cultivators, he could continuously obtain ample nourishment.

And right now, he had exactly that.

The entire Divine Blade Sect. Even the entire Hundred Thousand Great Mountains.

All of it was now Alex’s personal spiritual energy warehouse. Casually slaughtering a peak would allow him to absorb a massive amount of spiritual energy for his own use.

Alex waved his hand, placing the Purple Cloud Demon Sword back into the Six Path Wheels. The wheel disappeared along with it.

Looking at the messy flesh and blood all over the ground, he couldn’t help but sigh.

The power of these swords was quite good. But the mess they left behind was truly too massive.

Last night, when he took out Fiora, the corpse was eaten completely clean by the Corpse Yin Rats. Saving him the trouble of destroying evidence. Now, after wiping out Zella, flesh and blood had splattered everywhere. Practically turning the surroundings into a slaughterhouse.

That old geezer Sylra took a stroll in the woods basically every single day. If he discovered this, Alex’s cover would be blown.

So Alex had no choice but to patiently and meticulously clean up for half the day before he finally managed to clear the crime scene spotlessly.

He splashed the bloody water to the side. Conveniently using it to irrigate some newly sprouted spirit grass.

Thoroughly satisfied, he returned to the cave. Preparing to get a beautiful night’s sleep.

Yet he saw the elder inside his cave dwelling, leaning on his crutch by the bed. Narrowing his eyes and staring dead at him.

"Brat, you had better confess honestly."

"What exactly is your purpose in coming to the Hidden Broken Sword Cave?"

"Did Dariel send you here as a guilty sinner to be punished, or as his direct disciple to enter closed-door cultivation?"

Alex didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. He shrugged. "Senior, what are you saying?"

"Have you ever seen any direct disciple being thrown in for closed door cultivation the moment they entered the sect, without having learned any skills?"

"Even if Master Dariel was incredibly ruthless, it’s impossible for him to be that cruel to his own disciple, right?"

Master Sylra thought about it, that was indeed the case. However, his heart was still heavily burdened with suspicion.

After all, he had lived in the Hidden Broken Sword Cave for hundreds of years. Seen thousands of disciples sent here for solitary confinement.

But someone as carefree and completely unfazed as this brat was an absolute first.

He pondered for a moment. "Brat, starting tomorrow, you don’t need to go to the Hidden Sword Pavilion to wipe swords every day."

"Why?" Alex showed a curious look.

"The purpose of wiping the swords is to disperse the baleful aura of those broken blades. Preventing the Yin balefulness of Broken Sword Peak from becoming too heavy." Master Sylra’s voice was faint. Measured.

"In the past, disciples dispatched here were considered to be doing well if they could wipe a single sword a day."

"But this old man went to the Hidden Sword Pavilion to inspect just now. Almost all the swords in the pavilion have already been wiped down by you once."

"If you continue wiping them, it will be meaningless. It will just make you absorb baleful aura for nothing and damage your dantian."

Alex felt somewhat moved. This old geezer actually cared about him quite a bit.

But... you old man are doing a bad thing with good intentions here.

Not only does that baleful aura not hurt my dantian, it nourishes my spiritual energy. Extremely beneficial and restorative.

Suddenly stopping me from wiping swords... isn’t that literally cutting off my health supplements?