Chapter 91

Now, even if the Saint Lord was furious in his heart, he still had to consider the bigger picture.

So no matter how much he compromised out of consideration for the overall situation, the Four Great Elders could understand.

Just as Cedric, Lara, and the others all believed the Saint Lord was going to compromise once again...

Alex, after remaining silent for a long time, suddenly curled his lips into an icy, ferocious sneer.

"You pack of leeches... just how long do you plan on sucking my blood?"

The moment these words left his mouth, the atmosphere within the entire Saint Lord’s Hall became incomparably bizarre.

...

Oscar Hale slammed his hand on the table.

"Saint Lord, speaking like this is going too far, isn’t it?"

"Although our branch families are separated by tens of thousands of miles, when has the Main Family ever been in trouble and we haven’t rushed from all directions to support you?"

"Take just a few days ago. When the Saint Lord was building the clan protection formation, didn’t you come to me to borrow resources and manpower?!"

"Oscar Hale, you actually have the fucking nerve to say that?!"

Alex didn’t hold back in the slightest. He pointed right at his nose and cursed.

"For a single, completely ordinary spirit brick, you charged two hundred spirit stones!"

"For a single talisman seal to set up the formation, you charged three hundred spirit stones!"

"Do you take me for a massive sucker who has never gone out and bought anything before?!"

"And those men of yours! Over five hundred of them, every single one a useless wine sack and rice bag full of lazy bones!"

"A job that could have been finished in three days, they dragged out for half a month!"

"Just supplying them with wine and meat every day cost this seat thousands of spirit stones!"

"Even if I got five hundred pigs to root around with their snouts, their work efficiency would have been much higher than theirs!"

This torrential downpour of curses scolded Oscar so brutally that he was covered in dog’s blood. His entire face turned a suffocating mix of blue and purple. He couldn’t speak a single word for a long time.

...

"Saint Lord, those words are a bit heavy, aren’t they?"

Peter Hale spoke cautiously.

"No matter what, Brother Oscar is your cousin. By reason and emotion, you should be more polite. How can you offend your superiors and inferiors like this..."

"Heh, cousin?"

Alex laughed coldly.

"Then I am your fucking cousin! Were you ever polite to me?!"

"If you were polite, you wouldn’t have come to me to borrow spirit stones twenty-five times in the span of three short years!"

"The least you borrowed was eight thousand. The most was fifty thousand. A grand total of one million, three hundred seventy-eight thousand, nine hundred spirit stones."

"You haven’t paid back a single one!"

"What, do you think I am running a charity orphanage, and I am obligated to provide monthly relief for an orphan like you?!"

"You!"

Peter Hale originally had a violent temper. Being ridiculed and mocked like this, his eyes instantly widened in sheer fury.

He gnashed his teeth hard enough to crack them.

...

Seeing the atmosphere becoming volatile with swords drawn and bows bent, the oldest among them, Martin Hale, hurriedly tried to smooth things over.

"Saint Lord, regardless of anything else, we are all one family."

"If a family has something to say, what can’t be discussed and negotiated properly sitting down?"

"Mm, Big Brother, you speak incredibly well."

Alex nodded. His voice faint and measured.

"Then I will negotiate with you right now. Please trouble yourself to immediately return the thirty Heaven and Earth-tier cultivation manuals you borrowed from me back then."

"You borrowed those manuals a hundred years ago. Claimed you just wanted to borrow them to take a look for a few days. Absolutely wouldn’t secretly practice them."

"Right now, I reckon every single member of your branch family at the Void Amalgamation and Mahayana Realms has a copy in their hands. And there isn’t a single one who doesn’t know how to use them. Correct?"

The corner of Martin Hale’s mouth twitched violently. He hadn’t expected Alex to not even give him any face.

But every single one of Alex’s sentences stabbed right into his lungs. Left him utterly speechless.

The entire Saint Lord’s Hall fell into dead silence. The atmosphere incredibly weird.

...

Suddenly, Alice turned her face to the side and coughed lightly.

Alex instantly opened fire.

"And you!"

"In the entire Hale family, counting every single person, there is no one cheaper and more shameless than you and your daughter!"

"Eating the family’s resources while secretly helping outsiders!"

"I truly regret not directly removing you from the family line back then!"

Alice: "???"

Wait... What did I do? And what did my daughter do?! How are we secretly helping outsiders?!

Although Alex knew perfectly well that scolding her like this was slightly inappropriate... he couldn’t help it. The fury in his heart was simply too overwhelming.

...

In the original novel, with Isolde’s help, Knox knew everything about everyone in the Hale family. Under his righteous analysis, every man in the Hale family deserved to die.

Only Alice’s daughter, Clara, was deemed the most innocent. Her crimes not warranting death.

The result? Naturally, she and her cousin Isolde both ended up joining the protagonist’s harem.

But the most infuriating part wasn’t even that.

It was that after doing the deed with Clara, the two of them were caught red-handed by Alice. Her own daughter was secretly having an unlawful affair with the mortal enemy of their entire clan.

Yet not only was Alice not angry, she actually covered for them at every turn.

What shattered Alex’s worldview even more was this.

In a later plotline, Alice was injured, and Knox was under the influence of an aphrodisiac drug. While drugged, seeing that Alice still retained her mature charms, he directly did the deed with her too.

Afterwards, not only did he not feel a shred of remorse, but he actually confessed to Clara and brought Alice into his harem alongside her.