Chapter 183

Although the two sides harbored extreme hostility towards each other, whether from the perspective of friendship or family strength, they absolutely could not refuse to give Alex face.

Seeing this, Alex gave a knowing smile, sat down in the final seat.

A trace of spiritual energy lingered around his fingertips. With a casual wave, he unsealed two jars of fine wine through the void and sent them right in front of Alistair and Malakai.

Among the major Saint Lineages in the current world, the Saint Lords of the top three strongest families were currently sitting together. Drinking wine at the same table.

If this scene were seen by others and announced to the world, it was estimated that it could make the entire Heavenly Flame Dynasty tremble.

The three sat cross-legged within their respective sections of the tripartite formation, silently drinking their wine.

As Saint Lords of top-tier Saint Lineages, they were all old foxes who were sharper than monkeys if you stuck hair on them. Alistair and Malakai naturally wouldn’t be the first to open their mouths. Preventing a situation where saying too much would lead to a mistake.

Alex smiled faintly. "Two older brothers, this foolish younger brother invited you here today to discuss matters of cooperation."

"Cooperation?" Malakai asked.

"Dare I ask Saint Lord Alex, how do you plan to cooperate?"

"Tomorrow is the day the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm opens. This year’s Secret Realm Treasure Hunt will see much fiercer fighting than in previous years."

"Even though our three families rank in the top three among all the Saint Lineages in terms of strength..."

"If the other six families unite to deal with us, it will be hard to avoid capsizing in a gutter."

"Therefore, in order to jointly obtain the most benefits, I believe that our three families should unite together to ensure nothing goes wrong."

"What do you two brothers think?"

Alistair pondered for a moment and laughed. "Brother Alex, you are overthinking it, right?"

"This isn’t our first time participating in the Dao Vindication Assembly. Could it be we don’t understand the situation of the Secret Realm Treasure Hunt?"

"In every previous treasure hunt, the major families fought for themselves for the sake of fortuitous encounters."

"No matter how good their previous relationship was, they could directly turn hostile just to fight over a single stalk of spirit grass."

"This year’s Heavenly Flame Secret Realm is the most abundant one in nearly a century."

"The major families definitely all want to fight for more resources, how could they be of one heart and mind with others?"

"Brother Alistair spoke well." Alex narrowed his eyes.

"According to common sense, it is impossible for the major families to join forces. Our three families also don’t need to cooperate."

"However, compared to previous years, this year’s Dao Vindication Assembly has an extra, terrifying variable that we have to guard against."

Alistair and Malakai both felt their hearts tighten, they asked in unison. "What variable?"

Alex fell silent for a moment. Then said coldly.

"Knox."

Hearing this name, Alistair froze slightly, his eyes widened in anger, and veins bulged one by one on his forehead.

Malakai revealed a look of suspicion. "Who is Knox? Why haven’t I heard of him?"

"Saint Lord Malakai, of course you haven’t heard of him." Alex smiled faintly.

"This Knox is nothing but a nameless nobody."

"He was once a disciple of Iris of the Divine Blade Sect, was later abandoned by her, and is now an idler kept by Aurelia."

Malakai frowned. "Then is this Knox’s cultivation very strong?"

"Not strong." Alex shook his head.

"Right now, he should still merely be at the peak of the Core Formation Realm."

Malakai instantly revealed a relaxed smile. "Saint Lord Alex, could it be you are amusing yourself at my expense?"

"What waves could a mere Core Formation Realm ant stir up?"

"If Saint Lord Alex is truly worried, I will just casually dispatch a Nascent Soul Realm disciple to annihilate him."

"Saint Lord Malakai, it is not as simple as you imagine." Alex smiled mysteriously.

"Do you believe in... Destiny?"

"...What?" Malakai was somewhat bewildered. "Destiny?"

"Correct. What determines the development of affairs is not only strength. What’s more important is Destiny." Alex said with a straight face.

"This Knox is exactly a person chosen by Destiny. Where the world’s Luck converges."

"If it were easy to kill him, Saint Lord Alistair and I would have done so long ago."

Malakai remained silent. Silently pondering exactly what purpose or intention Alex had in trying to fool him like this.

"Saint Lord Malakai, I know you don’t believe my words." Alex smiled faintly.

"Brother Alistair, do you believe it?"

"I believe it." Alistair nodded. His eyes full of chilling killing intent.

"If it weren’t for the protection of Destiny, how could this brat possibly escape with his life from under this old man’s hands twice?"

"Oh?" Malakai revealed curiosity.

"Saint Lord Alistair also has a conflict with this brat named Knox?"

"Uh... we once had a bit of friction." Alistair looked embarrassed, originally unwilling to elaborate.

Alex, however, straightforwardly smiled faintly. "More than just a conflict?"

"Think back to when Brother Alistair’s son formed an alliance of marriage with a woman of my Hale family. The engagement was already set."

"Yet this Knox fought his way to their door and caused a huge scene at the engagement banquet."

"At that time, this Knox was nothing but an ant at the Body Tempering realm. Yet he was able to snatch the bride-to-be away right in front of a thousand guests."

"I’m afraid because of this matter, Brother Alistair was so angry he didn’t sleep for an unknown number of nights."

Malakai froze. Then instantly couldn’t help but hold his belly and burst into loud laughter.

"Hahaha! Saint Lord Alistair, I didn’t expect your Blackwood family to actually have such a glorious history?!"

"Having a mere Body Tempering realm ant fight his way to your door. Snatching away your daughter-in-law-to-be aside. Actually letting him retreat completely unscathed!"

"Saint Lord Alistair, you... you truly are a hero! Having suffered such extraordinary humiliation, you can still remain unfazed by favor or disgrace."

"If it were me, if I couldn’t kill that Knox, I’d rather directly slit my own throat with a sword!"