Chapter 143

Just as Alex was harboring doubts in his heart and becoming increasingly irritated, two jailers walked toward him from down the corridor. Talking and laughing between themselves.

"Brother, did you hear?"

"That Iris is truly a stupid woman!"

Originally, Alex hadn’t planned to pay any attention to these two small fries. Was just going to brush right past them.

But upon hearing the name Iris, he instantly stopped in his tracks, slowly turned around and followed silently behind the two like a ghost trailing its prey.

"Hehe, yeah." The other jailer sneered.

"Our Elder Vincent plans to replace Magnus and take over the position of Sect Master of the Divine Blade Sect. It’s practically known by everyone in the sect."

"Even Elder Torin knows about this matter and hasn’t said a single word about it."

"Who would have thought this Iris would actually be so daring as to run to Sunblaze Peak all by herself to demand an explanation?"

"Now look what happened. That woman had her cultivation crippled and reduced to a prisoner."

"Pinned with the crimes of insubordination and attempting to assassinate an elder. She’ll be executed in a few days."

"Sigh, she was clearly born so beautiful. Such good aptitude. Her future was originally boundless."

"Why did her brain have to be so stupid? Insisting on provoking people she absolutely shouldn’t provoke."

"Hey, if I remember correctly, that Iris should still be a virgin, right?"

"How about, once the execution date is confirmed, we should help her experience the taste of a man before the sentence is carried out?"

"Otherwise, wouldn’t it be too reckless a waste of heavenly opportunity? Hahaha..."

Listening to these two men’s unbearable, vulgar words, a mocking, ferocious smile curled at the corners of Alex’s mouth. He raised his index and middle fingers. Unhurriedly blasted out a finger strike.

The two jailers had been walking shoulder to shoulder. Laughing with incomparable arrogance.

Suddenly, as they were walking, one of them directly exploded without any warning. A violent bloody death, minced meat splattering everywhere.

"Wh... what?!" The other jailer froze for a few seconds. His face instantly filling with terror, turning deathly pale.

"There’s... an assassin!"

"Someone is breaking into the dungeon..."

"Ugh!" Before he could finish screaming, an ice-cold, large hand throttled his throat.

Alex looked at him expressionlessly. His voice faint. "Cease your clamor."

"Otherwise, be careful that I don’t crush your throat."

The jailer nodded with great difficulty.

Alex’s grip eased slightly. "Where is Iris?"

"My Lord, why are you asking this..." The instant the question left his mouth, the force in Alex’s fingertips surged abruptly. Directly shattering the jailer’s collarbone.

Looking at his agonizing expression of wishing for death, a cold, ferocious sneer curled at the corners of Alex’s mouth.

"She’s about to die soon, and she’s still a virgin. Isn’t that a reckless waste of heavenly opportunity?"

"I am naturally going to help her experience the taste of a man."

"My... My Lord is wise..." The jailer nodded with tremendous difficulty. Forcibly enduring the severe pain, his voice trembling.

"My Lord, Iris is locked in Cell Thirty-Six of the Second Block."

"I have the keys on me. I offer them to you as filial respect. I beg My Lord to spare me..."

He took a key from his robes. Trembling as he tried to hand it over.

Alex raised an eyebrow.

A cluster of tyrannical spiritual energy burst from his palm. It crushed the jailer into fine powder. Only the key remained, falling neatly into his hand.

"I didn’t expect this Vincent to actually be an ungrateful traitor." He chuckled softly. Muttering to himself.

"This is content that wasn’t even mentioned in the original novel."

"Magnus, oh Magnus. To entrust the sect’s major affairs to such an ungrateful white-eyed wolf. You were truly blind as a dog."

"Fine then. Let me endure a bit of hardship and clean on your behalf."

He controlled the Chameleon Bug to remain invisible and headed straight for the Second Block.

Arriving at Cell Thirty-Six.

Sure enough, Iris was sitting on the floor inside the cell. Prison uniform. Hair slightly messy. Giving off a poignant, tragic beauty that made one want to bully her.

On her abdomen, a hideous, bloody hole. Fresh blood seeping out continuously, dyeing the pure white prison uniform dark red.

She was curled up in a corner. hugging her knees, expression hollow, and face full of despair.

Alex jammed the key into the keyhole and rattled the cell door open.

Seeing the tightly shut cell door suddenly swing open without a single figure in sight, Iris’s delicate body trembled violently. She said in a panic. "...Who is it?!"

"Saintess Iris, do not panic." Alex slowly revealed himself. Smiling faintly.

"I have come specifically to save you."

"Saint... Saint Lord Alex?!" Her face instantly filled with astonishment. Disbelief flooding her eyes.

"Why are you here?"

"That’s a long story." Alex said faintly. "Saintess Iris, flee this place at once."

"That Vincent intends to rebel and cause chaos. I estimate it won’t be long before he makes his move."

"Hurry to the Lotus Terrace and notify Magnus to rush back. Otherwise, this Divine Blade Sect is going to change its name and master."

Iris stared blankly for a long moment. Then nodded heavily. "Saint Lord Alex, although this lady does not know why you are in the Divine Blade Sect, thank you."

"Once the Sect Master returns, eliminates the traitors, and quells the rebellion, he will definitely reward you heavily."

She stood up. Subconsciously walked toward the cell door. But her movements were too wide. A severe pain shot from her abdomen. She slumped back to the ground, gasping sharply.

"That old thing Vincent is truly ruthless and vicious."

"Come, let me heal your injuries first."

Alex sighed softly. Stepped forward and pulled Iris into his embrace.

With one hand, he hugged her slender, willow-like waist that could be gripped with a single hand. With the other, he raised his index and middle fingers, green light lingering at the fingertips, and placed them on Iris’s abdomen to heal her.

Such an ambiguous posture and proximity made Iris’s heart feel overwhelmed with bashful panic.