Chapter 210

And this Spirit Beast Egg, which could hatch a Nine-Colored Phoenix Supreme, had innate talents and aptitudes that completely surpassed the Seven-Colored Phoenix King.

For Aurelia to actually be willing to part with such a Supreme-tier Spirit Beast and gift it to Knox as a mount... could it be she was cultivating him as the next Emperor of the Heavenly Flame Dynasty?

Just as Knox’s face was full of contemptuous smugness, and Isolde’s heart was filled with panicky unease... a figure arrived by her side and placed a large hand on her shoulder.

Isolde and Knox focused their gazes, simultaneously widening their eyes in terror.

This person who had silently arrived beside them... was exactly Alex.

"Saint..." Isolde opened her mouth wanting to shout, but was silenced by a look from Alex and closed her mouth again.

Knox’s entire body trembled endlessly, fine beads of cold sweat popping out on his forehead, facing Alex’s playfully mocking gaze, a chill pierced straight through his bones.

"Alex, you... y-you have such immense audacity, actually daring to sneak into the Divine Blade Sect..."

"That’s right, my audacity has always been immense." Alex shrugged and laughed.

"However, I feel that your audacity is even more immense."

"Otherwise, how could you dare take such a fine treasure and show it off right in front of my eyes?"

Seeing Alex’s eager, greedy gaze staring fixedly at the Heavenly Flame Spirit Beast Egg in his hand... Knox felt as if he were being targeted by a thief, revealing a look of panic, he immediately stored the Spirit Beast Egg into his storage ring and gritted his teeth.

"Alex, don’t be too arrogant!"

"This is the Divine Blade Sect, not a place where you can act wildly!"

"If I directly expose your identity, I can have several elders make a move together to shatter your bones and chop your corpse into ten thousand pieces!"

Isolde instantly revealed a nervous expression, cautiously glancing at Alex.

In terms of strength, the Saint Lord absolutely had the ability to instantly kill any Divine Blade Sect elder present.

The fact that he could, over three nights, successively bathe the three major inner sect peaks in blood was enough to prove it.

But today, there were seven elders present at the same time. Furthermore, it was said that the wandering Sect Master, Sword Master Magnus, would also return and be present today.

If Knox truly exposed the Saint Lord’s identity and the elders attacked en masse, how could the Saint Lord cope?

While Isolde looked panicked, Alex still wore a smile, calm and composed.

"Brat, are you threatening me?"

"Fine, if you want to expose my identity, please go ahead."

"Let’s see if they will believe you."

"This... you said it yourself!" Knox gritted his teeth, immediately darting toward the front of the queue and arriving before Loris.

"Elder Loris, I have a major matter to report to you!"

"You..." Loris looked at Knox, stunned for a moment.

"Who are you?"

The corner of Knox’s mouth twitched slightly. "I am a new disciple who just joined the Peak half a month ago, named Knox. I am currently in the Sanitation Department..."

"Oh, someone from the Sanitation Department?" Loris’s expression was slightly complicated.

You, someone who sweeps the floors and cleans up for the sect, what major matter could you possibly have?

"Speak, what is the matter?"

"Elder, the Hale family’s Saint Lord, Alex, has infiltrated the newly entered disciples with the intention of sabotaging the assessment!" Knox said nervously.

"Hurry and join the other elders to capture him and chop his corpse into ten thousand pieces!"

"What did you say?!" Loris’s pupils abruptly shrank.

"Al... Alex Hale is here?"

Thinking of that ruthless, malevolent, and unpredictably fierce Hale family Saint Lord, Loris’s subconscious first reaction was actually wanting to run away quickly.

But as the master of a peak, he couldn’t lose his composure in front of the disciples. He had no choice but to forcefully suppress his terror, bite the bullet, and ask in a low voice.

"The Alex you speak of... where is he?"

"Right over there!" Following the direction of the finger, Loris mustered his courage and focused his gaze, seeing Alex standing together with Isolde in the distance, he froze slightly, instantly feeling both angry and amused.

"You bastard brat, are you playing a joke on me? He is clearly Taryn Lark. How could he possibly be Alex?"

"...What?" Knox’s face was full of bewilderment.

What the hell is a Taryn Lark? He instantly looked extremely anxious, his face bitter.

"Elder, I am not joking. He truly is the Hale family’s Saint Lord, Alex!"

"I couldn’t be more familiar with him. I absolutely wouldn’t recognize him incorrectly!"

"Heh, you wouldn’t recognize him incorrectly, so could it be that I recognized him incorrectly?" Master Loris sneered coldly.

"Think back to then, it was I who personally inducted Taryn into the Divine Blade Sect and took him to Broken Sword Peak."

Loris didn’t say the next sentence out loud: If he truly were Alex, when I dispatched him to Broken Sword Peak back then, wouldn’t I have been slapped to death by him halfway there?

At this time, Alex arrived in front of Loris, wearing a smile and nodding slightly.

"Elder Loris, it has been a long time."

"Haha, Taryn, seeing you looking so well truly makes me happy." Loris patted Alex’s shoulder and laughed cheerfully.

"You must perform well in today’s assessment."

"I’m still waiting for you to get a top ten result and join our Radiant Sun Peak!"

"Rest assured, Elder. I will definitely go all out." Alex smiled faintly, looking at Knox to the side, he asked curiously.

"This is...?"

"He is a Sanitation Department disciple of a Peak, named Knox." Loris laughed.

"Taryn, guess what this brat just said?"

"He actually said that you are the Saint Lord of the Hale family Saint Lineage, Alex. Tell me, isn’t that hilarious?"

Both Alex and Loris couldn’t help but laugh.

"Hahahaha, truly hilarious." Alex stared at Knox with a profound gaze.

"If I truly were Alex, would there be any need for me to participate in the assessment here?"

"Wouldn’t that mean in this world, whatever I want to do, I can just do?"

Seeing the relationship between Alex and Loris so close, Knox’s face couldn’t help but turn ashen green.