Chapter 173

Strings of golden regular sacred characters, rich in intent, surrounded her like a myriad of stars revolving around the moon.

These intoxicatingly beautiful poems and verses. Every single word, every single sentence in Leona Vire’s hands were all formidable magical artifacts.

"Star-Rending Tiger Claw!"

"East Wind Star Rain!"

Just as these two genius women of Saint Lineages unleashed their strongest abilities and were about to engage in a life-and-death struggle...

A thick, imposing majesty burst forth from afar. Enveloping the two women within it.

The next second, two figures descended from the sky. Respectively blocking in front of Brina and Leona.

Both were middle-aged men with strength reaching the early stage of the Supreme Realm.

One wore a bear pelt draped over his shoulders and a tiger pelt tied around his waist. His stature incomparably burly, muscles abnormally developed.

The other wore a green robe, hair tied in a bun, wearing glasses. Looking as gentle and refined as a schoolteacher.

The Ashen family’s Saint Lord, Cain Ashen. And the Vire family’s Saint Lord, Kray Vire.

"Ho... Saint Lord?"

"...Father?"

Seeing their respective Saint Lords arrive, the originally aggressive two women instantly felt guilty.

Brina retracted all her spirit beasts. Like a child who had done something wrong, she lowered her head and mumbled. "Saint Lord, why are you here?"

"Heh, if I didn’t come, I’m afraid you were going to poke a hole right through the roof of the Azure Phoenix Pavilion!" Cain reprimanded crossly.

"I bestowed so many resources upon you, letting you cultivate so many good spirit beasts, just for you to use them to show off your might?!"

"Hurry up and follow me back! As punishment, you will run five thousand laps around the entire Heavenly Flame Capital. You are not allowed to sleep until you finish running!"

"Yes..." Brina pouted her little mouth, nodding dejectedly.

On the other side, facing her father, Leona’s face was full of guilt and self-blame.

"Leona, aren’t you being a bit too outrageous?" Kray said faintly.

"Weapons are instruments of ill omen. You use them only when absolutely necessary."

"For you to unleash the abilities father taught you on the arena, there is no cause for criticism."

"However, as a refined scholar, to still rely on martial force off the arena. That is truly letting down your father’s teachings far too much."

"Father, Leona knows she was wrong." Leona said guiltily.

"Leona is willing to copy the Sutra of Repentance three thousand times to serve as a warning."

"Mm, good. Go back and copy it then."

After Cain and Kray finished reprimanding their respective juniors, they unanimously turned around. Stepping forward. Clasping their fists and nodding.

"Brother Kray, I am truly sorry." Cain said carelessly.

"It is all to blame on my excessive doting on my junior, which led her to run here in the dead of night to make a fool of herself."

"Not at all, Brother Cain is too polite." Kray smiled modestly.

"It is also to blame on my lack of proper discipline. Resulting in my daughter being arrogant, unruly, and impolite. Causing much offense to your saint family."

"For tomorrow’s Secret Realm Treasure Hunt, I hope Brother Cain will not make things difficult for my Vire family because of this."

"Hahaha, Brother Kray, what are you saying?" Cain waved his hand, grinning.

"I am not the kind of person to hold grudges."

"Besides, there are quite a few fortuitous encounters in tomorrow’s Secret Realm that I am determined to obtain. I don’t have time to make things difficult for you."

"That is for the best." Kray nodded with a smile.

"Since that is the case, Brother Cain, please rest well. I will take my leave."

"Alright, see you tomorrow!"

After exchanging pleasantries, the two men bid each other farewell and led their respective juniors away.

Although Brina and Leona were both unwilling, how could they dare to disobey their own Saint Lords? It was just that a trace of doubt arose in both of their hearts.

When I came out, I clearly paid extreme attention to holding my breath and concealing my aura.

Why would my Saint Lord actually know my whereabouts? Could it be they planted tracking Gu worms on our bodies?!

...

After the people of the Ashen and Vire families departed, the forest returned to absolute silence.

A figure dressed in a black python robe slowly walked out from the shadows.

Alex.

"Sigh, these two stupid girls." He shook his head, sighing continuously.

"Their aptitude is superior, they look beautiful, and they are cultivated with massive amounts of their families’ resources. Praised as once-in-a-century geniuses."

"Why on earth must they be infatuated with a single man, throwing away their own bright futures?"

"Furthermore, it’s a man with a vile character, who only cares about profit, and possesses absolutely nothing except for his Protagonist Halo."

"I can’t figure it out."

That’s right. Cain and Kray were called here by him.

Alex used spiritual energy to materialize two flying knives, carrying this message, and shot them into the guest halls where the two men were resting.

The purpose was to have Brina and Leona taken back respectively. Saving them from fighting a life-and-death struggle over Knox until their heads were broken and bleeding.

But merely doing this was still not enough.

Alex looked down on Knox immensely. Believing that Knox had absolutely nothing aside from his Protagonist Halo.

However, he absolutely did not dare to underestimate the power of this Protagonist Halo.

Even if he had tipped them off, having Cain and Kray take Brina and Leona back, preventing them from meeting Knox tonight... Tomorrow, Knox would still definitely appear within the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm and win the largest fortuitous encounter.

"In the original novel, Knox relied on his relationship with the Heavenly Flame Empress, coupled with the secret assistance of Brina and Leona, to enter the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm under the identity of a rogue cultivator."

"Along the way, he obtained various fortuitous encounters and treasures. Ultimately decapitating the three Evil Buddhas of Greed, Hatred, and Delusion. Obtaining the inheritance of the Buddhist Saint Heavenly True One. His cultivation successfully skyrocketed to the Mahayana Realm."

"Then, I need to collect his fortuitous encounters in advance and let him grasp at empty air."