Chapter 131

That Dariel was truly too much of a bastard. Greedy as a snake.

If such a petty villain wasn’t wiped out, Alex felt it would be like having a bone shard stuck between his teeth. Incredibly disgusting.

He sat cross-legged on the bed, pondering for a long time. Then suddenly slapped his forehead again. Looking out the window at the bright moon hanging in the night sky, a pleased smile curled on his lips.

"Wait, why am I even choosing?"

"There are still tomorrow and the day after before Knox arrives."

"Can’t I just make a move tonight?"

"One peak per night, three nights, three peaks. I can wipe all three of them out perfectly."

...

Heaven-Turning Peak, inside the Peak Master’s Hall.

Rorin was currently under the veil of night, bare-chested and vigorously dancing with his sword.

His Sword Dao wasn’t soft or beautiful. It leaned towards ferocity and unyielding strength.

Every move and stance carried the momentum of breaking the wind.

Under the moonlight, his iron-block-like muscles radiated an awe-inspiring gleam.

After a full set of sword techniques, the surrounding wooden training dummies were completely hacked down. Annihilated into fine powder.

"Master, excellent sword technique!" A youth standing to the side couldn’t help but applaud repeatedly.

This youth, like Rorin, was burly and heavily muscled. Skin just as dark as a buffalo.

He was Rorin’s strongest direct disciple and the number one ranked disciple of Heaven-Turning Peak, Varen.

His cultivation had reached the third level of the Void Amalgamation Realm. Reigning supreme over the entire peak.

Among all the Inner Sect disciples, he could rank in the top ten.

"Varen, I have already taught you this Mountain-Cleaving Rock-Smashing Sword Technique many times." Rorin said faintly.

"What, have you still not learned it?"

Varen lowered his head with some guilt. "Master, this disciple is dull in natural talent and low in ability."

"Such a profound and mysterious sword technique is truly difficult to master."

Rorin waved his hand and chuckled. "Alright, I don’t blame your dull talent."

"This Mountain-Cleaving Rock-Smashing Sword Technique is a High-Grade Heaven and Earth-tier cultivation method gifted to me by the Sect Master back then."

"You naturally cannot learn it just by watching."

"If practiced to major completion, even Supreme experts would not be able to withstand the power of this sword technique."

"Come, I will teach you one more time."

Just as Rorin was personally teaching Varen the sword technique, a picture of a respectful disciple and a friendly master, harmonious and joyous...

A playful chuckle echoed from the branches above.

"Even Supreme Realm experts can’t withstand it?"

"Rorin, aren’t you blowing your own horn a bit too much with those words?"

Rorin’s expression changed drastically. He abruptly looked up and focused his gaze.

A black-robed man sat on a branch, looking down at him from above with a face full of mockery.

Alex.

Today, he was not disguised as Taryn Lark, he had reverted to his original appearance.

The aura of a Supreme Realm mighty powerhouse burst forth, making the entire Peak Master’s Hall abnormally cold. As if plunged into an ice cellar.

Rorin narrowed his eyes. "You... who are you?"

"Infiltrating my Heaven-Turning Peak in the dead of night, what business do you have?!"

"What, you don’t recognize me?" Alex laughed mockingly.

"Since you don’t recognize me, why did you indulge your disciples for two consecutive nights to go to Broken Sword Peak and assassinate me?"

"What?" Rorin looked suspicious and turned to Varen beside him.

Varen lowered his head. embarrassed. "Peak Master, it... it is indeed true."

"Last night and tonight, Junior Sisters Fiora and Zella successively went to Broken Sword Peak..."

"What?!" Rorin’s expression changed drastically.

"Why... why did they go to Broken Sword Peak?!"

"I heard it was to help a newly arrived disciple named Lirin go to Broken Sword Peak to kill someone." Varen didn’t dare hide anything. He could only bite the bullet and answer truthfully.

"But after they went, neither managed to return."

"After this disciple learned of the matter, I was worried Master would be furious, so I didn’t dare report it..."

"Fool!" Rorin slapped Varen upside the head.

"You actually dared to hide such a massive matter without reporting it! I truly trusted you blindly!"

Then he turned to Alex. Lowered his head, his voice helpless. "Senior, this is entirely because I lack discipline and was not strict in supervising my disciples, which led to them offending you."

"However, both of these disciples have already been killed by Senior."

"I will sincerely apologize to you once more. I think it’s best if we just end this karma right here. What do you say?"

Alex acted as if he had just heard the biggest joke in the world. He laughed dryly and shook his head.

"Rorin, at your grand old age, how can you still be so naive?"

"Could it be you think I came all the way here in the dead of night just to hear you apologize?"

Rorin’s eyes turned icy. "Then what do you want?"

"Didn’t you say that your Mountain-Cleaving Rock-Smashing Sword Technique is incredibly powerful? That even Supreme Realm mighty figures couldn’t withstand it?" Alex smiled playfully.

"Then I will make a bet with you."

"Take out your strongest weapon right now and unleash your strongest strike. I absolutely will not dodge."

"If you can kill me or cripple me with a single strike, then you win."

"But if this strike of yours fails to harm me..."

"Then your entire Heaven-Turning Peak will have to die."

Rorin’s expression became cold as frost. "Senior, do you truly have to act so absolutely and ruthlessly?"

"I must be absolutely ruthless." Alex shrugged and laughed.

"Rorin, put some effort into it."

"Whether the disciples of this entire peak get to keep their lives will all depend on your performance."

Rorin’s expression turned chilling. He remained silent for a long moment before summoning a giant sword from his storage ring.

The giant sword was two meters long and weighed a thousand kilograms.

Finely detailed Sacred characters were engraved upon it; it was a top-tier Heaven and Earth-grade powerful weapon!