Chapter 199

These two girls would never, ever know in this lifetime that the one who killed their Saint Lords was actually him.

Who knows, after cultivating them successfully and having them achieve Supreme or Sanctification, when they ascended to the Immortal Realm in the future, they might even be able to help him deal with the Ancient Phoenix King.

After all, the three Evil Buddhas who murdered their fathers were exactly the dark, evil thoughts the Ancient Phoenix King left behind in the mortal realm.

Anyway, the Ancient Phoenix King absolutely had to carry this scapegoat pot to the bitter end.

The second reason was...

[Ding! Congratulations to the host for successfully making a female supporting character turn against the Chosen One!]

[The Chosen One’s Luck has decreased by 6,000 points. The host has gained 12,000 Providence Points!]

[Ding! Congratulations to the host for successfully making a female supporting character turn against the Chosen One!]

[The Chosen One’s Luck has decreased by 6,000 points. The host has gained 12,000 Providence Points!]

Watching yet another sum of Providence Points arrive in his account, a profiteering, miserly smile curled at the corners of Alex’s mouth.

Correct. This was Alex’s second reason for keeping these two women alive.

Through several previous attempts, he had already summarized the experience. Starting with the women around the protagonist was the absolute fastest method to earn Providence Points.

Until their hearts were completely dead toward Knox, there was still plenty of oil and water to scrape off them.

Alex had always followed the principle of new for three years, old for three years, patch it up and use it for another three years. No matter how wealthy he was, he absolutely would not waste any resources.

At this time, Alric took a step forward and said weakly. "Three Evil Buddhas, didn’t you just say that whoever attacks Knox is who you will kill?"

"Saint Lord Cain just now did not want to kill Knox, and was instead stopping Brina from killing Knox. Why did you kill him?"

Alex raised his chin slightly and laughed mockingly. "Brat, you remembered incorrectly, didn’t you?"

"What this poor monk said was not whoever dares to touch Knox is who we will kill."

"Rather, it was whoever dares to touch Knox, we will kill them first."

"It’s merely an order of first and last. Not a distinction between killing and not killing."

"Anyway, today, all of you are going to die here."

Hearing these words, the remaining crowds of the Fen, Wren, Mire, and Alder families instantly felt a despair as deep as ashen death.

And following that despair, they gritted their teeth. A trace of ruthless, desperate fighting spirit arising within them.

Anyway, today they were dead no matter what. They might as well lead their family disciples and put their lives on the line, perhaps there would still be a sliver of a chance for survival.

"Everyone, since they won’t give us a way out, we must make them pay the price!"

"Right, everyone join forces. Fight these three Evil Buddhas to the death!"

"Kill!"

Alric let out a massive roar, taking the lead to bring out his Heavenly Thunder Spear.

"Five Thunders Heavenly Dipper, Annihilate!"

The Heavenly Thunder Spear flickered with lightning. Instantly summoning five fierce bolts of lightning. Mixed with the momentum of a thunderbolt, it blasted violently toward Alex.

Under the cover of the lightning, Thalen summoned the Void Spirit Thousand Formation Sword.

Ziven Mire summoned the Gale Meteor Hammer.

Tyren Alder summoned the Frost Ice-Breaking Axe.

The three of them went all out, simultaneously rushing toward Alex. Preparing to rely on close-quarters combat to risk it all.

However, seeing them close in, right as they were about to succeed, the red mist around Alex flashed. He directly vanished from his original spot.

Alistair and Malakai merely threw out a single palm strike each. Easily resisting the combined offensive of the three.

"What are you three little guys in such a hurry for?" Alistair laughed cheerfully.

"When it’s your turn, we will naturally take your lives."

"What?!" The three froze slightly. Then heard a shrill, miserable scream from behind them.

Instantly, their expressions changed. They unanimously turned their heads in shock. They saw Alex practically gliding right past them. In merely an instant, he teleported to the ground. Standing tall before the crowd.

The red mist on his body surged violently, forcing the prodigy disciples of the various Saint Lineages back several steps. Completely obscuring their vision.

Within the red mist, Alex unhurriedly gripped Alric’s throat. Lifting him up as if carrying a little baby chick.

"Bastard... let... let me go..." Alric originally had a fat physique.

At this moment, his fat face flushed completely red from suffocation, veins bulging one by one on his forehead.

He used spiritual energy to control the Heavenly Thunder Spear, desperately thrusting spear after spear at Alex’s arm.

Yet it was like scratching an itch. He couldn’t even pierce the red mist on Alex’s body.

"Alric, do you know why I want to kill you first?" Alex said with a smile.

"Because you, are far too despicable and shameless."

"I can already be considered quite despicable. But you... are so despicable it makes one’s hair stand on end in sheer anger!"

In the original novel, the Saint Lords of the major Saint Lineages all cared about face and prestige. Every word they spoke and every action they took had to match their status.

Only this Alric was absolutely a veritable mudslide of pure shit.

Nominally, he was the Alder family Saint Lord. But in reality, he was a profiteer who wouldn’t wake up early without a profit.

No matter who it was, as long as they gave enough spirit stones and resources, they could buy his and his subordinate Alder family disciples’ lives.

And the moment someone wanted to deal with him, he could kneel on the ground, crying tears and snot, weeping bitterly while calling the other party Daddy and Grandpa, begging them to spare his life.

It was no exaggeration to say this guy was a toad that didn’t bite people but existed purely to disgust them.

Those with stronger cultivation mostly cared about their face and disdained killing a cheap wretch like him.

Those with weaker cultivation would instead be bullied by him using his seniority and strength, utterly annihilated without mercy.

In the original novel, Alric repeatedly jumped ship back and forth between Alex and Knox’s factions five times, getting bought off and backstabbing in all sorts of ways!