Chapter 270

"Hurry up and send me to the North High Peak immediately! Once we finish proper business, there will be plenty of time for you to open your stomachs and eat!"

...

Under the protection of Aya’s Innate Sword God Saint Body, Knox was also able to travel unimpeded and arrived at the North High Peak.

The Hundred Ghost Mountain Range had layer upon layer of peaks, with four supreme mountain summits located in the east, west, south, and north corners.

These were precisely the resting places of the Four Great Ghost Kings. The North High Peak, the Profound Nether Cave, was the lair of the Nether Earth Ghost King.

Before him was a mountain cave reaching 100 feet high, with the three large blood-red words "Profound Nether Cave" engraved upon it.

Just standing outside the cave, Knox could feel the changes in the surrounding air currents

Clearly, a supreme powerhouse rested within this mountain cave, altering the energy field around the Profound Nether Cave. This aura made Knox clearly feel a danger that could threaten his life.

However, along this journey, the Innate Sword God Saint Body had annihilated hundreds of ghosts, greatly boosting his courage. Even though his legs were trembling uncontrollably, he still felt confident and fearless, striding into the cave.

The exact moment he stepped inside, a burst of playful, mocking laughter echoed from above.

"Two living humans actually dare to trespass into this King’s cave dwelling? Are you two here to seek death?"

"No." Knox sneered coldly.

"You must be one of the Four Kings of the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range, the Nether Earth Ghost King, right? I am Knox. I have specially come to find you today to make a trade."

"Oh?"

A gust of cold wind blew past, instantly materializing and revealing itself right before him.

This was an incredibly ancient old man. His figure was hunched, his bones thin and gaunt, and a head of long white hair danced wildly in the wind, radiating an extremely ominous aura. His eyes had no pupils, appearing a thick blood-red color. His mouth lacked a single tooth, causing his lips to shrink inward.

Dressed in a hooded black robe and leaning on a white bone scepter shaped like a skull, his appearance was exactly like an old sorcerer from myths and legends, the kind that could scare children into crying.

Knox was also quite startled by this old man’s image. He gulped and said awkwardly. "You are the Nether Earth Ghost King?"

"Exactly." The Nether Earth Ghost King sized up Knox, saying with deep interest.

"This old man has lived in this Profound Nether Cave for tens of thousands of years, and this is the first time I’ve seen a human brat take the initiative to barge in, shamelessly boasting about wanting to make a trade with me. Speak, little brat. What treasures do you have that are worthy of this old man trading with you?"

"It’s her!" Knox placed Aya onto the ground, smiling confidently.

"Nether Earth Ghost King, with your judgment, you should be able to see exactly what kind of valuable treasure this woman is, right?"

The Nether Earth Ghost King merely cast a glance at Aya, and an excited, fanatical gleam instantly flowed through his eyes.

"This aura is the power of the Evergreat Sword Ancestor! I didn’t expect that after thousands of years, this power could reappear in the mortal realm! Could it be this little girl is the inheritor of the Evergreat Sword Ancestor?"

"Correct." Knox nodded and smiled.

"This woman obtained the Vault of Divine Sword Heart not long ago. Right now, she possesses the Innate Sword God Saint Body. She is the unparalleled, number one Sword Dao genius in the current world."

"I know that you, Nether Earth Ghost King, possess a divine ability named the Nether Soul Jade-Folding Hand. It can forcefully suck out various fateful encounters, bloodlines, and even physiques from other people’s bodies. Therefore, I specifically brought her here to make a deal with you."

The Nether Earth Ghost King narrowed his eyes. "What deal?"

"You still don’t understand?" Knox frowned.

"You help me strip out the Vault of Divine Sword Heart, and it will belong to me. Then her physical body, as well as her entire body’s sword intent and spiritual energy, will all belong to you. You only need to execute your Nether Soul Jade-Folding Hand once, and you can obtain a physical body possessing the Innate Sword God Saint Body. It’s a guaranteed profit!"

A chilling, savage sneer curled at the corners of the Nether Earth Ghost King’s mouth.

"Heh, indeed. However, why should this old man make a deal with you? If I kill you, both the Vault of Divine Sword Heart and the Innate Sword God Saint Body will belong to this old man. You little brat, do you take this old man for an idiot? Can you not even calculate this bit of math?"

Hearing that the Nether Earth Ghost King actually wanted to double-cross him, Knox’s heart instantly skipped a beat. He immediately forced himself to act calm, scolding sternly.

"Nether Earth Ghost King, you are also a dignified supreme expert of the world with an illustrious reputation! If you scheme against a younger generation junior like me, what face will you have left to see the people of the world?"

Knox had already perfected this trick of moral kidnapping. Except for Alex, no matter who he faced, it had always worked without fail.

After all, those he interacted with were essentially all people with some reputation. Whether it was the dynasty’s imperial family or Saint Lords, they all cared somewhat about their own face.

However, at this very moment, the Nether Earth Ghost King fundamentally didn’t buy this trick of his. He snorted contemptuously, throwing his head back and laughing wildly.

"Hahahahaha, little brat, what are you talking about? This King is merely gladly accepting the tribute you delivered to my door, and that is disgraceful?"

"Could it be that you using the Demonic Race’s forbidden art, Butterfly Bewitchment, to knock out an innocent little girl and specifically delivering her here to divide her Vault of Divine Sword Heart with this old man is considered glorious?"

The Nether Earth Ghost King’s words rendered Knox speechless; his moral kidnapping collapsed on its own.