Chapter 150

However, before his words fell, a vigorous and powerful thundering shout echoed from within the light curtain. Resonating like a great bell.

"You dare!"

Hearing this familiar voice, the Evergreat Sword Ancestor’s entire body trembled. Pure panic on his face.

As the white light dissipated, he focused his gaze.

Beside Alex, there was an additional figure. An old man condensed from white light.

This old man looked exactly the same as him. From his figure to his appearance, to his clothes, to his sword. Completely carved from the exact same mold.

The only difference was that this old man’s gaze was awe-inspiringly righteous. His aura even stronger.

The thick sword intent contained within the white light radiating from his body was far above the golden light on the fake’s body.

"This, this..." Iris below, as well as Vincent and the others hanging on the tree, were all dumbfounded. Full of astonishment.

"What is going on here?"

"Two Ancestors appearing in the world at the same time?"

"Which one exactly is the real one?"

In fact, there was no need to waste words explaining.

After the white-light old man appeared, the golden-light old man completely panicked. The light on his body trembling non-stop.

"Brat, you... you actually used such an evil technique to deal with this old man?"

"This old man will spare your life for now today and settle the score with you on another day!"

The golden-light old man transformed into a streak of golden light, flying into the distance. Intending to flee right in front of them.

The white-light old man’s expression turned cold. A wave of his large hand. Grabbing through the void. Just like picking up a little chick, he forcefully pulled him right back.

"Heh, you dare to call yourself this old man in front of this old man?"

"Arcan, you’ve got quite the nerve."

The golden-light old man’s expression changed drastically. He gulped heavily, entire body shivering non-stop.

Seeing this from behind, the interest on Alex’s face grew even thicker.

"What a wonderfully spectacular show..."

Just now, after hearing the golden-light old man’s incredibly evil words, Alex had formed a guess. Looking at it now, it was indeed exactly as he expected.

This golden-light old man was fundamentally not the legendary, awe-inspiringly righteous Evergreat Sword Ancestor who single-handedly founded the Divine Blade Sect.

He was a fake.

A traitor who sat under the Evergreat Sword Ancestor back then, named Arcan.

As one of the figures with the oldest seniority in the current world, Alex had naturally heard the legends regarding the Divine Blade Sect.

In the past, before the Evergreat Sword Ancestor ascended, he had three great disciples under his tutelage. Pureon, Noctar, and Arcan.

All three were Supreme Realm mighty figures who had deeply obtained the Evergreat Sword Ancestor’s true inheritance. Their Sword Dao reigning supreme in the world.

Among them, Pureon and Noctar had pure and straightforward temperaments. Absolutely loyal. Therefore, when the Evergreat Sword Ancestor ascended, he bestowed upon them the fortuitous opportunity to achieve physical sanctification.

Taking them along to gloriously ascend to the Immortal Realm.

Arcan, however, as the youngest disciple, harbored wicked intentions. Used vicious methods. Frequently slaughtered the innocent for his own selfish desires.

The Evergreat Sword Ancestor was highly dissatisfied with his character and conduct.

So he did not take him along. Instead, he expelled him from the sect. Forbidding him from ever calling himself a disciple of the Divine Blade Sect again.

But Arcan did not obediently follow his master’s order to leave.

Instead, he abandoned his physical body, transformed into a spirit body. Hid within the Swords of the Martial Ancestor.

He frantically siphoned away the formidable power the Evergreat Sword Ancestor had left within the Swords to protect the Divine Blade Sect. Over the course of thousands of years, he had been secretly observing the vicissitudes and changes of the sect.

Until today. Upon seeing Alex appear and almost slaughter the entirety of Sunblaze Peak single-handedly, he realized his chance had finally come.

He prepared to kill Alex, snatch the Purple Cloud Demon Sword. Absorb the cultivation of all the sect’s disciples.

Use this to break through the shackles of the Supreme Realm. Step into the Saint Realm. Vindicate his Dao and ascend to immortality.

However, Arcan also did not expect this. After revealing himself, he had barely been arrogant for a few minutes before drawing out the real Evergreat Sword Ancestor.

"Mas... Master!" Seeing that he was unable to escape, Arcan’s voice trembled. Playing the emotional card.

"This disciple truly could not bear to part with the Divine Blade Sect. Could not bear to part with you. Which is why I disobeyed your order."

"The reason this disciple hid within the Swords of the Martial Ancestor was also to protect the future descendants of the Divine Blade Sect on behalf of Master, as well as Senior Brothers Pureon and Noctar!"

"Heh, ridiculous." The Evergreat Sword Ancestor sneered coldly.

"This old man embedded supreme sword intent capable of executing Saints within the Swords of the Martial Ancestor."

"Unless a Great Emperor descends, this supreme sword intent is enough to protect the Divine Blade Sect for ten thousand generations."

"If it weren’t for the fact that these powers were all stolen by you, how could the tens of thousands of disciples of Heaven-Turning Peak and Venomscale Peak have died in vain?"

"Arcan, you shameless, traitorous disciple! You still dare to use glib talk and sophistry in front of this old man?"

Arcan trembled non-stop. "Even if Master wants to sanction me, it shouldn’t be now!"

"This Alex intends to wash our Divine Blade Sect in blood and kill all the sect’s disciples!"

"You and I, master and disciple, should unite against the outside enemy. Join forces to annihilate him first. Then settle our own accounts!"

The Evergreat Sword Ancestor remained expressionless. He turned his head to glance at Alex. His gaze as indifferent as water.

As if he fundamentally didn’t put Alex in his eyes at all, then turned his head back to look at Arcan.