Chapter 180

He had previously snatched the Evergreat Sword Ancestor’s two great Saint Artifacts and slaughtered three main peaks of his Divine Blade Sect.

This was already considered forging an absolutely irreconcilable blood feud with him.

If you owe one debt, you might as well owe two.

Better to utilize the advantage of these great Saint Artifacts to make the Evergreat Sword Ancestor block a disaster for him.

If things went well, he might even be able to borrow the Ancient Phoenix King’s hands to eliminate the Evergreat Sword Ancestor. Before ascending to the Immortal Realm, he would completely uproot all potential obstacles and threats in advance.

Holy crap! Thinking of this, Alex himself couldn’t help but admire his own layout and wisdom.

Could it be... I truly am a fucking genius?

"Heh, I was wondering how a mere mortal could possess so many Saint Artifacts in their hands. So it turns out it was you, you old geezer." The Anger Buddha gritted its back teeth, saying furiously.

"Evergreat Sword Ancestor, this poor monk had no grievances with you in the past, and no enmity with you recently. Why did you proactively come to offend us?"

"Could it be that your Divine Blade Sect wishes to declare war on my Heavenly Flame Dynasty?!"

Alex shrugged and laughed. "No special reason. Just because you are relatively weak."

"Even if your Ancient Phoenix King were standing right in front of this old man today, this old man would still chop you into dregs with a single sword strike."

"Much less the three stinking turds you shat out in the mortal realm before your Sanctification?"

"Hahahaha!"

This taunt, low in physical damage but incredibly high in pure insult, enraged the Greed Buddha and the Delusion Buddha so much that they became just as furiously violent as the Anger Buddha.

The Anger Buddha was so angry it shattered a mouth full of teeth. Its entire body burning with a raging fire as ten thousand lotus flowers bloomed.

Meanwhile, Alex himself couldn’t help but cheer in his heart.

So satisfying! This is the fucking arrogance a villain should have!

In the past, Alex only ever acted like a proper villain when facing miscellaneous small fries and ants like Knox.

When confronting true powerhouses, such as the Heavenly Flame Empress, he had always been deeply thoughtful and extremely cautious.

Because Alex knew that when a villain acted domineering and showed off, it felt incredibly good. But this blindly arrogant behavior and the various flags they set up would basically always become the cause of their deaths.

Only right now was Alex truly without any misgivings.

He could say whatever he wanted to say. Mock them however he wanted to mock them.

He even straightforwardly told them: You so-called Three Evil Buddhas are nothing but three turds the Ancient Phoenix King shat out in the mortal realm!

It didn’t matter how arrogant Alex was. Because at this very moment, he wasn’t Alex.

He was the Evergreat Sword Ancestor.

If the Ancient Phoenix King flew into a humiliated rage and wanted revenge, he could go find the Evergreat Sword Ancestor.

What did it have to do with him, Alex?

"Madman, you... you seek death!" The Anger Buddha was furious beyond control, roaring sternly.

And the Delusion Buddha directly disagreed and launched an attack.

This guy’s method of attack truly thoroughly disgusted Alex. It actually used over a dozen of its grotesque appendages to simultaneously spit liquid at him.

The corner of Alex’s mouth twitched slightly. He hurriedly dodged with his entire body. Yet he was still accidentally grazed on the corner of his robes by a clump of the liquid.

Seeing his beloved robe defiled, Alex’s old face instantly turned completely black.

"You dog, you are the one seeking death!"

A gleam of killing intent flashed across Alex’s eyes, carrying the Vault of Divine World-Destroying Sword, he teleported directly above the Delusion Buddha.

Holding the hilt horizontally with both hands. Looking down imperiously at the three terrified, trembling Evil Buddhas.

A contemptuous smile curling at the corners of his mouth.

"Don’t forget who killed you three pieces of trash."

"If the Ancient Phoenix King wants to seek revenge, I, the Evergreat Sword Ancestor, welcome him at any time."

"Die!"

Alex poured in his spiritual energy. Dazzling golden light instantly burst from the blade of the Vault of Divine World-Destroying Sword.

Feeling the solemn killing intent permeating the golden light, the Delusion Buddha was terrified to the extreme.

All of its grotesque appendages spat liquid simultaneously. Wanting to block Alex’s vision and resist his attack.

Unfortunately, in the face of the tyrannical power of the Vault of Divine Annihilation Technique, these filthy methods were nothing more than a mantis trying to stop a chariot.

The golden light converged into a sword beam and descended from mid-air.

In merely an instant, it crushed the Delusion Buddha’s massive body into fine powder. Turning it into purple mist that drifted back into the rock wall.

Seeing this scene, the Greed Buddha and the Anger Buddha both trembled in absolute terror.

However, their Buddha hearts were sealed within the rock wall behind them. From life unto death, they could not move a single inch. Fundamentally could not flee for their lives.

"Evergreat Sword Ancestor, are you truly going to be so ruthless?" The Anger Buddha, which had always had the most explosive temper, actually bizarrely started playing the emotional card.

"We are all people of the same era. To have survived until today is truly not easy."

"Why must you be so heartless, insisting on slaughtering us to the last?!"

"People of the same era? Aren’t you putting a bit too much gold on your own faces?" Alex raised his chin slightly, laughing contemptuously.

"The Ancient Phoenix King’s soul vindicated his Dao and entered Sanctification. Having already stepped into a brand-new era."

"You three are indeed the remnant dregs of the old era."

"But I am not trash and scum like you."

"I believe the Ancient Phoenix King wouldn’t mind if I wiped out the three turds he left behind in the mortal realm, right?"

Being hit by another merciless taunt made the Greed Buddha and Anger Buddha feel as though they were being murdered and having their hearts condemned.

However, no matter how angry or despairing they were, it was to no avail.

In the face of an overwhelming gap in strength, all struggles were futile.