Chapter 188

"To only have you two elders leading the group, even if you brought all the elite juniors of the family, isn’t your strength inevitably stretched a bit too thin?"

"Or is it that Saint Lord Alex truly looks down on the rest of our major families too much? Fundamentally not putting us in his eyes?!"

"You!" Seeing Lazlo act so arrogantly, Lara ground her silver teeth in anger.

Tobias, however, held her hand and shook his head slightly, signaling her not to act rashly.

Although their Hale family’s strength was second to none among the major Saint Lineages, within the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm, influence had never mattered. Only sheer strength did.

Especially this year. The strength of the disciples of the major families had generally improved significantly. Furthermore, most of the families were personally led by their own Saint Lords.

In comparison, the Hale family, led only by the Third and Fourth Elders, naturally received a bit of contempt from others.

Lazlo laughed coldly. Leading the crowd of Blackwood family disciples behind him, he turned and left. His face full of domineering smugness.

Lara spat on the ground. "Pah, what the hell are they?!"

"Lara, endure it for now." Tobias sighed helplessly.

"On the surface, the Blackwood family is led by Lazlo."

"But looking at his arrogant and domineering attitude, Alistair is definitely hiding in the shadows or mixed into their ranks."

"Alistair’s cultivation is almost on par with our Saint Lord. Having reached the late stage of the Supreme Realm."

"If we shed all pretense of cordiality with the Blackwood family, once we are inside the Secret Realm, if Alistair launches a secret attack, we will inevitably suffer a massive loss."

"Hmph, so what?" Lara snorted coldly.

"As if other families don’t have a Saint Lord..."

"What?" Tobias froze slightly, asking excitedly.

"Lara, are you saying... our Saint Lord has also come?"

"Uh... no, he hasn’t." Lara hurriedly shook her head.

"I meant to say, our Hale family’s Saint Lord is still around. On what basis is the Blackwood family acting so arrogant..."

"Sigh, although our Saint Lord’s prestige and reputation are illustrious, distant water ultimately cannot quench an immediate thirst." Tobias sighed helplessly.

"Every major family has a Saint Lord holding the group. Our Hale family basically cannot gain any advantage."

"Therefore, within the Secret Realm, we can only act cautiously and keep a low profile."

...

A moment later, the various major families all arrived in succession.

Accompanied by a clear, melodious phoenix cry, a seven-colored Phoenix King appeared above the firmament. The next second, it descended from the sky carrying three beautiful figures.

Right in the middle was the Heavenly Flame Empress, Aurelia. Following on her left and right were Jade Princess Lily and Orchid Princess Selene.

With the Heavenly Flame Empress’s descent, the crowd of Saint Lineage disciples present all respectfully bowed their heads and shouted resoundingly. "We pay our respects to Her Majesty the Empress!"

"We pay our respects to the Jade Princess, and the Orchid Princess!"

Aurelia nodded slightly. "Everyone, there is no need for excessive formality."

"Today is the day the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm opens."

"For you Saint Lords, Elders, and juniors to come and support the event gives me immense face."

"On behalf of the Heavenly Flame Royal Family, I thank the major Saint Lineages for your support of the dynasty over the past year."

"Due to the special circumstances of the arena, the number of families participating in the Secret Realm Treasure Hunt this year is one more than in previous years."

"After everyone enters the Secret Realm, you absolutely must emphasize modesty and yielding. Take with moderation. Do your utmost to avoid injuring others and shedding blood..."

Before the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm opened, Aurelia, just like in previous years, spoke a lengthy, long-winded official speech. Bullshit like friendship first, competition second. Fundamentally no one actually listened to it.

While Aurelia spoke on the stage, the major Saint Lineages were already growing restless and anxious below.

All of them couldn’t wait. Hoping Aurelia would quickly open the Secret Realm entrance. Completely too lazy to listen to this nonsense.

"Truly boring." Lazlo yawned lazily.

"We’ve already participated in the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm hundreds of times. Is it necessary to repeat these useless words every single time?"

"It would be better to just directly distribute the best fortuitous encounters inside straight to my Blackwood family!"

Suddenly, a short, skinny, and shriveled man quietly arrived by his side. His face covered in a mocking, ferocious sneer.

"Baldy Lazlo, aren’t those words a bit too arrogant?"

Lazlo turned his head and glanced at him. Instantly revealing a nervous expression.

This short man was as thin as a matchstick and looked as withered as a dead log. Clearly a middle-aged man, yet the wrinkles on his face were as deep as an old man’s.

He held a long staff in his hand. Attached to the end of the staff was a black lantern radiating an incredibly bizarre aura.

This person was Byron Sol. The First Elder of the Sol family. He entered the Dao through poison. His skills were incredibly formidable.

On the arena a few days ago, the Blackwood family and the Sol family had fought until bayonets saw red. Using all their trump cards.

As the First Elders of both sides, Lazlo and Byron fought a grand battle of three hundred rounds. Both suffering severe injuries.

Lazlo was struck by Byron’s highly toxic poison. Nearly crippling both his arms. Byron was injured by Lazlo’s Buddhist techniques. His own dantian suffering heavy trauma.

After a few days of recuperation, they had finally recovered a bit of vitality. Allowing them to lead their groups to participate in the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm today.

Meeting their enemies at this very moment. One could say their eyes were exceptionally red with rage.

"Byron, whether I am arrogant or not is not for you to decide." Lazlo laughed coldly.

"This year, my Blackwood family is determined to obtain the most abundant resource in this Heavenly Flame Secret Realm."

"If anyone wishes to fight us for it, then do not blame this old man for not being polite!"

"Heh, Lazlo, you take yourself way too seriously." Byron sneered disdainfully.

"Then let me tell you, my Sol family will also absolutely not yield the most abundant resource in today’s Heavenly Flame Secret Realm."