Chapter 276

"Resurrect, my loyal servants!"

The Nether Earth Ghost King held his white bone scepter high with one hand, muttering bizarre incantations while dancing and gesticulating with exaggerated movements.

"This old guy, could he have been driven mad by his crushing defeat?" Alex frowned slightly. Controlling a sword jade, he was just about to take the Nether Earth Ghost King’s life.

The next second, however, his expression changed, his eyes widening in shock. "This, how is this possible?"

Amidst the Nether Earth Ghost King’s incomprehensible chanting and grotesque dance steps, the Giant Demons that had already collapsed in pools of blood and died actually stood back up.

The Giant Demons let out fierce, piercing roars, signifying that their recently exhausted vitality was recovering.

Subsequently, the bloody holes blasted into their bodies by the Vault of Divine Magatamas actually all healed and restored at a speed visible to the naked eye.

They grew new flesh and blood, as well as brand new, tough black fur.

In an instant, the five Giant Demons were completely resurrected with full health, once again taking heavy strides as they walked toward the Nether Earth Ghost King.

A rare look of panic flashed across Alex’s face, his mind racing, he had read about this ancient creature in the Hale family’s secret tomes.

The tomes recorded that the characteristics of the Giant Demon Race were formidable brute strength, extraordinary defensive power, and tenacious vitality.

However, no ancient book had ever recorded that the Giant Demon Race possessed the ability to resurrect and be reborn.

The Giant Demon Race originally had extremely long lifespans.

If free from disease and disaster, they could live for hundreds of thousands of years.

If they also possessed an unkillable, indestructible resurrection ability, wouldn’t they multiply endlessly? Ultimately slaughtering the human race, reclaiming the throne of supremacy, and once again becoming the masters of the Azure Origin Continent?

While Alex was pondering, one Giant Demon had already charged right in front of him.

A massive foot, like a small mountain, stomped down, intending to crush him into fine powder.

Alex’s heart tightened, he hurriedly summoned the Rakshasa Demon Umbrella from his storage ring and teleported to dodge.

The instant he dodged, he opened the Rakshasa Demon Umbrella with a snap, and a thousand sharp needles shot out from the umbrella ribs.

"Rotting Poison Needles!" Thousands of poison needles pierced through the black fur and stabbed into the Giant Demon’s lower leg.

In just a single instant, the intense toxins spread, directly corroding this Giant Demon’s lower leg into a pool of bloody water.

However, the Giant Demon only lost its mobility for a brief moment. A few short seconds later, it grew a brand new lower leg, the flesh, blood, and fur exactly the same as before.

Alex gritted his teeth secretly. Another Giant Demon’s attack closely followed. He had no choice but to teleport and dodge while attacking with the various mechanisms and hidden weapons inside the Rakshasa Demon Umbrella.

After several rounds of probing, Alex became even more certain.

For some unknown reason, these Giant Demons had been granted the ability to resurrect.

No matter what methods he used, injuring any part of their bodies would result in rapid recovery within a short period. Including the head, heart, throat, and even private parts, all conventionally understood vital areas had already been attempted.

However, Giant Demons that possessed resurrection were clearly rule-breaking creatures existing outside the bounds of common sense.

Amidst his inner anxiety, Alex inadvertently glanced through the Giant Demons’ encirclement toward the Nether Earth Ghost King on the side.

At this very moment, the Nether Earth Ghost King was sitting cross-legged on the ground, leaning on his scepter with one hand and holding up his index and middle fingers with the other.

A faint yin qi, entirely different from his own aura, permeated around him, seemingly controlling something.

Alex narrowed his eyes slightly. These Giant Demons’ resurrection ability was bestowed by the Nether Earth Ghost King.

Even their appearance in this world might be his doing.

All these mysteries originated from that grotesque ghost technique named Nether Earth Soul Chase.

These Giant Demons summoned by the Nether Earth Soul Chase were not only invulnerable and immortal, but also puppets manipulated at will by the Nether Earth Ghost King, precisely because of this, he treated these five Giant Demons as his ultimate trump cards, intending to build a Giant Demon army to dominate all living beings and become the ruler of the world.

Perhaps there were weaknesses on these immortal Giant Demons.

But in his current situation, it was impossible for Alex to find them, his only method to break this deadlock was to control the Giant Demons’ movements, then catch the ringleader to catch the bandits, directly finishing off the Nether Earth Ghost King.

After all, these Giant Demons were all controlled by the Nether Earth Ghost King’s consciousness.

As long as he finished off the Nether Earth Ghost King, the Giant Demons would become mindless idiots, and he could easily extricate himself.

After silently formulating this strategy, Alex teleported a step back, withdrawing from the immediate battle zone.

The Nether Earth Ghost King frowned slightly, his fingers tilting to the side.

The Giant Demons also instantly changed direction, continuing their pursuit.

Facing the Giant Demons’ menacing approach, Alex was completely unafraid, similarly raising his index and middle fingers. "Six Paths Wheel of Destruction Technique, Animal Path!"

"Four-Phased Demonic Wolf, manifest!"

Alex let out a thunderous shout, striking the ground with a single palm, the six paths wheel instantly shot up from the ground, accompanied by a wild, piercing wolf howl.

The next second, a massive giant wolf slowly walked out from the compass.

This giant wolf was several meters long, not the slightest bit smaller than the five Giant Demons before it.

On its neck grew four heads, located respectively at the top, bottom, left, and right. And every single head had a bloody face and green fangs, appearing hideous and terrifying, yet their expressions were respectively joy, anger, sorrow, and happiness!