Chapter 243

But unfortunately, even though every single one of them had heavily invested their capital, bringing out all sorts of resources, they consistently failed to even catch a glimpse of Aya’s face.

In just a short half-month, Broken Sword Peak literally changed the heavens and swapped the earth, sweeping away its former desolate atmosphere, it became bustling with activity and utterly magnificent.

A resplendent Peak Master Hall directly rose from the ground, looking even a few degrees more luxurious than the Hall of Sunblaze Peak back in the day.

Over ten thousand cave dwellings were completely carved out, capable of accommodating twenty to thirty thousand disciples.

All the accompanying facilities, such as the martial arts arena, the scripture pavilion, the alchemy hall, were also completely constructed.

In the short span of half a month, Broken Sword Peak seemed to have completed a metamorphosis from the primitive Stone Age straight into modernization.

Furthermore, Magnus was extremely cooperative. He specifically made an exception, allowing an exclusive new disciple recruitment drive solely for Broken Sword Peak within the Hundred Thousand Mountains.

Over ten thousand disciples were recruited from various families, every single one an extraordinary talent with superior innate gifts.

In an instant, Broken Sword Peak went from the tragic state of having only two people, directly returning to the ranks of the Ten Great Main Peaks in the truest sense.

In a certain sense, it even replaced the former Sunblaze Peak to become the head of the Ten Great Main Peaks.

Of course, over this half-month, it was constantly Nerin who was busy running up and down, spinning like a top every single day.

Sylra remained as leisurely as ever, only guarding his vegetable patch and fish pond.

Watching these earth-shaking changes, Alex secretly couldn’t help but laugh.

As the saying goes, the tree desires stillness, but the wind will not cease. You, Sylra, wanted a peaceful and quiet retirement, but others didn’t want that.

You had better honestly resume your post and continue serving as the Master of a Great Peak.

That’s right. Following further interaction with Sylra, Alex abandoned the thought of bringing him back to the Hale family Holy Land.

This old man seemed cheerful, open-minded, and casual, but in reality, his bottom line was extremely firm. He possessed absolute loyalty toward the Divine Blade Sect and would absolutely never abandon the sect.

Therefore, rather than forcefully taking him away and making his twilight years depressed and unhappy, it was better to let him receive the respect and love of the disciples as a Great Peak Master.

This would also have immense benefits for a potential future alliance between the Hale family and the Divine Blade Sect.

...

Of course, changes were not only occurring within Broken Sword Peak. Every single day outside, giant, world-altering changes were also occurring.

On this evening, Alex was watching Nerin lead a group of newly entered disciples practicing mental cultivation methods in the martial arts arena.

Suddenly, a strange sound of wind brushed past his ears. He immediately stood up and walked into the dense forest to the side.

Deep within the forest, Adrian knelt on one knee, having already waited for a long time.

"Saint Lord, Albert is preparing to make his move!"

"Oh?" Alex was somewhat surprised.

"How so?"

"Over the past half-month, with Nova’s help, Albert has eliminated a group of generals loyal to Aurelia within the Heavenly Flame Capital. Furthermore, through threats and promises, he has bribed over half of the Dynasty’s thirty thousand Mahayana Realm experts."

Adrian said deeply, "Right now, the authority of the Heavenly Flame Capital is almost entirely grasped in the hands of the Albert mother-and-son duo."

"Albert then issued a Heavenly Flame Decree to the public in the capacity of the Dynasty’s ruler, condemning Aurelia and outlining ten major crimes she has committed since taking the position of Empress. He has decided to hold a public trial and execute her in three days."

"Furthermore, according to reliable intelligence, after executing Aurelia, Albert intends to rule the world under the identity of the Ancient Phoenix King’s direct descendant, ascend to the ultimate imperial throne, and change his title to the Heavenly Flame Great Emperor."

After listening, Alex narrowed his eyes and pondered briefly, a playful smile curling at the corners of his mouth.

"This Albert is truly an impatient one."

"It’s just that, I wonder if it’s him who can’t wait to become the Heavenly Flame Great Emperor, or if it’s Nova who is too impatient to rule from behind the curtain?"

Seeing Alex thinking seriously, Adrian asked somewhat anxiously, "Saint Lord, how should we act?"

"For the majority of our Hale family disciples to rush from the Holy Land to the Heavenly Flame Capital will take over a day’s time."

"If the Saint Lord wishes to intervene, you should issue the order early."

"What’s the rush? It’s their Heavenly Flame Capital that has a rebellion, not someone in our Hale family rebelling." Alex smiled faintly.

"Like this, Adrian. Last time I had you inform Alistair and Malakai about Albert’s impending rebellion. What was their reaction?"

Adrian replied helplessly, "Those two old foxes, what other reaction could they have?"

"Upon hearing that the Saint Lord intended to kill the evil rebels, they both adopted a wait-and-see attitude. Using all sorts of excuses to politely decline and play games with me."

"But the moment I told them this matter was profitable, they instantly changed their tune. Expressing their readiness to provide manpower and support, and act together with our Hale family at any time."

"That is within my expectations." Alex nodded, laughing with deep interest.

"These two old foxes, nine times out of ten, wouldn’t refuse."

"Moreover, last time, they both reaped benefits and tasted the sweetness by following me. They definitely have a certain level of trust in me."

"Good. Adrian, make another trip to the Holy Lands of their two families right now and inform them that Albert is preparing to make his move."

"Tell them to immediately and personally lead all the elite disciples of their families, set out from their two Holy Lands, and station themselves at Originspire Mountain outside the Heavenly Flame Capital."

"Once I arrive, we will act together."