Chapter 71

[Ding! The host has successfully caused a male supporting character to turn against the Chosen One. The Chosen One’s luck has decreased by 2,000. The host receives 4,000 Providence Points!]

Hearing the system’s notification, Alex couldn’t help but calculate silently.

It seems that plundering fortuitous encounters is, at best, just a bonus. Sowing discord between the protagonist and supporting characters, especially making the protagonist’s originally designated toolmen turn against him...

That is the absolute most effective method for dealing with a Chosen One.

After absorbing the power of the Innate Poison Cloud, Joanna’s originally feeble aura instantly recovered and filled to the brim. Moreover, it was even stronger and more robust than before. Every single inch of skin on her body was tempered and baptized in the purest lethal toxins.

Ordinary poison could only kill. But when it reached the absolute pinnacle, like that of the Thousand Poisons Saint, it could also heal.

However, while Joanna’s life was completely saved, the bloody palm print on her abdomen had still not disappeared.

This was Alex’s intentional doing. Make the best use of everything, and draw out the best in everyone. He still had a use for this palm print.

"My Innate Poison Cloud actually fell into the hands of the Hale family just like that..." Knox gritted his teeth, his heart piercing with pain and overflowing with endless remorse.

"Senior Leo, you shouldn’t have stopped me inside the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave!"

"If I had just swallowed the Innate Poison Cloud directly back then, how could things have ended up like this?"

No response.

After snatching the Innate Poison Cloud from his hands and presenting it to Alex, Leo had directly and silently slipped away. Disappeared without a trace.

Knox froze. Suddenly realizing something, his eyes nearly split open in sheer rage.

If not for Leo’s guidance, he couldn’t have entered the cave to find the Innate Poison Cloud. And if Leo hadn’t stopped him, there’s no way he wouldn’t have swallowed it directly.

That Leo and Alex were absolutely in cahoots the entire fucking time.

Their entire goal was to use him, making him brave the risk of being poisoned to death, just to fetch the Innate Poison Cloud out of the cave for them.

"Alex, you treacherous, scheming villain!" Knox was instantly exasperated.

"As the dignified Saint Lord of the Hale family, you actually used such despicable methods to scheme against me!"

"Her Majesty, the Heavenly Flame Empress, will absolutely never forgive you!"

"Heh. Well said." Alex narrowed his eyes. A cold, ferocious sneer curled on his lips. He teleported forward in an instant, locking his hand in a death grip around Knox’s throat.

"If you hadn’t mentioned the Heavenly Flame Empress, I might have forgotten."

"A junior of my Hale family was severely injured by the Heavenly Flame Bone-Shattering Palm."

"I absolutely must pay a visit to Aurelia and demand an explanation!"

Alex scooped up Joanna with one arm while choking Knox with the other. He summoned an auspicious cloud, riding the mist and soaring into the sky, leaving the Five Poisons Valley and heading straight for the Heavenly Flame Capital.

...

The Heavenly Flame Capital. Inside Azure Phoenix Hall.

Aurelia was sitting upright upon her throne, resting with her eyes closed. Selene and Lily sat to her left and right, holding incense burners, chanting in low voices. Dense, powerful karmic intent filled the entire grand hall.

Suddenly, a thick stench of blood and intense killing intent permeated the air.

"An enemy has infiltrated the palace!" Selene and Lily opened their eyes simultaneously. They instantly revealed their spiritual artifacts, vigilantly guarding Aurelia’s flanks.

A gust of black wind swept right into the absolute center of the hall.

The next second, Alex casually emerged from the black wind. Taking bold, swaggering strides, he walked right up to them.

"Alex?" Aurelia froze slightly. She never expected this man would actually dare come to the Heavenly Flame Capital entirely alone.

Then she noticed Knox slung over Alex’s shoulder. Incredibly feeble. Hanging on by a thread.

Her expression instantly darkened.

"Saint Lord Alex, what is the meaning of this?"

"I came specifically to pay a visit to the Heavenly Flame Empress." Alex said calmly, tossing Knox onto the floor before the throne.

"And to conveniently return your person to you."

Selene and Lily’s almond eyes widened. Their faces full of hostility. Although they didn’t really care about Knox’s safety anymore, Alex violently intruding into Azure Phoenix Hall completely alone...

This was absolute, naked contempt toward the Heavenly Flame Dynasty and the Heavenly Flame Empress.

Lily shouted sternly. "Alex, this is not your Hale family’s holy land!"

"Daring to trespass into Azure Phoenix Hall. Even you will have to pay the price!"

Selene said coldly. "Saint Lord Alex, your strength is indeed unfathomable."

"But in front of Her Majesty, we will not tolerate you running wild!"

Alex’s expression didn’t change in the slightest. He smiled faintly.

"Two beautiful princesses, please calm yourselves."

"After all, I came today to visit the Heavenly Flame Empress, not you."

"Very well." Aurelia slowly stood up, chilling killing intent burst from her beautiful eyes.

"Alex, you had best give me a satisfactory explanation."

"Otherwise, you will not be walking out the doors of Azure Phoenix Hall today!"

As a supreme powerhouse at the peak of the Supreme Realm, Aurelia’s strength needed no elaboration. As her aura unfurled, the temperature within the entirety of Azure Phoenix Hall plummeted into bone-piercing chill.

However, facing the coercive pressure emanating from Aurelia, Alex did not show the slightest hint of fear. He smiled coldly and took a step forward.

"Your Majesty, what kind of bullshit are you saying?"

"I came here today specifically to demand an explanation from you."

"Your Heavenly Flame Capital’s Knox severely injured the daughter of my Hale family’s Second Elder."

"How do I go about settling this debt with you?"

Only then did Aurelia notice Joanna slung over Alex’s shoulder. Her elegant brows furrowed slightly.

"What exactly happened?"