Chapter 54

Listening to these unbearably sharp and spiteful insults, Alex frowned slightly.

He no longer concealed his aura. Clasping his hands behind his back, he slowly stepped forward.

"H-Saint Lord?" Oria and Qira’s faces paled drastically. All their mocking bravado vanished in an instant. They fell to their knees with a thud.

Alex didn’t spare them a single glance. He walked straight up to Elara.

"Elara, why hasn’t this seat’s tea been delivered yet?"

"I’m... I’m sorry, Saint Lord." Elara kept her head bowed, so aggrieved she was on the verge of tears, but she forced a smile and respectfully presented the teacup with both hands.

Alex nodded, took the cup, and took a shallow sip. Only then did he turn his head, looking down imperiously at Oria and Qira.

"What are the two of you doing kneeling there? Get up."

The two girls, guilty in their hearts, didn’t dare rise. They shivered and stammered, "Saint Lord, we were just..."

"What were you two saying just now?" Alex smiled faintly.

"I just arrived and didn’t hear it."

"Come, repeat it once more for this seat to hear."

Oria and Qira froze. Their expressions turned incredibly complicated. After a long silence, they finally said weakly, "We heard that the Saint Lord gifted Elara a Profound-tier cultivation method, but for a whole month, she hasn’t made any progress."

"We felt this was truly a reckless waste of heavenly treasures, so we came to ask her about it..."

They chose to confess a half-truth. Naturally, they didn’t dare voice the most excessive, insulting accusations they had made.

If the Saint Lord found out, with his temper, he would absolutely refine the two of them into blood pills.

Alex remained silent for a moment, his expression darkened.

"Elara’s cultivation method was bestowed by me."

"Whether she has made progress or not, what does it have to do with you two?"

"You also personally selected your own cultivation methods from the Scripture Pavilion back then."

"This seat has been extremely fair to you and owes you nothing."

"Even if questions are to be asked, it is not your place to ask them."

"Yes, yes." Oria forced a sycophantic smile.

"We know our mistake. Please quell your anger, Saint Lord! Please quell your anger, Lady Elara!"

"Saint Lord, then... we will take our leave first."

Oria and Qira bowed subserviently, turning to leave.

Alex called out indifferently. "Hold on."

The two girls shuddered. They turned around stiffly. The smiles on their faces were uglier than if they were crying.

Alex turned to Elara. "Elara, they look down on you like this. Are you not angry?"

Elara fell silent for a moment, then shook her head with a bitter smile.

"Elara doesn’t dare..."

"What do you mean, ’don’t dare’?" Alex feigned a dark expression, keeping a straight face.

"Even a clay bodhisattva has a bit of an earthy temper."

"Being bullied and only knowing how to swallow your anger. You do not deserve to be a disciple of my Hale family!"

"Say it again, are you angry?"

Shedding her usual gentle and quiet demeanor, Elara shouted with a tearful voice.

"I am angry!"

"Good!" Alex nodded with a faint smile.

"As fellow disciples of the family, no matter how great the anger, it should be resolved through fair competition."

"Back then, I set a one-month deadline. Tomorrow is the day to inspect the results."

"Today, I stand here as a witness. The three of you will make a bet."

"At tomorrow’s inspection assembly, whoever’s results are more outstanding will win."

"The losing side must hand over an entire year’s worth of cultivation resources, along with any rewards issued at the assembly, completely to the winning side."

"What?"

All three women were instantly stunned.

Oria and Qira looked at each other in dismay, not understanding what Alex meant by this.

They had originally thought the Saint Lord was going to punish them to vent his anger on Elara’s behalf.

But this method of punishment was simply handing free resources to them on a silver platter.

"Saint Lord..." Elara was incredibly anxious, her eyes welling with tears as she looked at Alex.

Yet Alex maintained an expression brimming with absolute confidence.

"Elara, do you agree or object?"

"Saint Lord, I..." Although she believed she was absolutely destined to lose, looking at his affirming gaze, she had no choice but to nod.

"Saint Lord, I agree..."

Alex then looked at Oria and Qira. "And you two?"

The two girls recalled his words, trying to figure out his true intentions.

It was already night, the inspection assembly was set for first thing tomorrow morning, less than twenty hours remained. Even if the Saint Lord wanted to give Elara special, intensive tutoring behind closed doors, there simply wasn’t enough time.

Confirming that this bet held no traps, the two girls became excited.

Although Elara’s cultivation was low, her monthly resource allowance was exactly the same as the other major disciples. Three hundred spirit stones and ten Spirit-Replenishing Herbs.

A year’s worth would be 3,600 spirit stones and 120 Spirit-Replenishing Herbs.

Absolutely a substantial figure.

After hesitating for a moment, Oria said cautiously, "Saint Lord, we also agree..."

"Good, then it’s settled." Alex chuckled.

"This seat is here to act as your witness."

"The bet is set. Tomorrow, if anyone dares to go back on their word, do not blame me for expelling them from the Hale family."

"Yes!" Oria and Qira nodded excitedly, bowing before turning away.

Alex turned his head. His gaze met Elara’s pitiful, deeply aggrieved eyes.

"What is it?" Alex asked with deep amusement.

"Are you blaming me for making a bet with them without discussing it with you first?"

"No, I do not blame the Saint Lord." Elara said bitterly.

"If I am to blame anyone, I can only blame Elara for being too dull."

"The Saint Lord bestowed such an incredible cultivation method upon me, yet I haven’t made any progress in an entire month."

"A fool like me should just contribute my resources and yield them to seniors with superior aptitude..."

"What kind of bullshit are you speaking?" Alex said calmly.

"Do you think this seat is helping the two of them to deduct your resources?"

Elara hastily shook her head. "Saint Lord, that’s not what I meant..."

"Since this seat dared to make you bet against them, it means I have absolute confidence in you." Alex smiled.

"There are still twenty hours until the inspection assembly."

"Seize this final opportunity. You will definitely be able to rise to the occasion, catch up, and surpass them from behind."

"This..." Elara’s face looked caught between laughing and crying.

"Saint Lord, you... aren’t you a bit too confident in me?"

"For a whole month, I haven’t made a single bit of progress."