Chapter 130

Seeing Master Sylra’s firm attitude, Alex had no choice but to ask helplessly. "Since that’s the case, what should I do starting tomorrow?"

"Do whatever you want." Master Sylra waved dismissively. Annoyed.

"Since you say you aren’t here for closed door cultivation, then this old man doesn’t need to restrict you every day."

"This Broken Sword Peak is huge, just stroll around by yourself. There is a lot of nice scenery."

"Anyway, someone brings food when the time comes. As long as you don’t leave the peak, you can stay wherever you want."

With that, Master Sylra yawned, turned around, and left.

Alex sat cross-legged on the bed, silently pondering.

"Not having to wipe swords means that starting tomorrow, I will be a completely free man."

"These Hundred Thousand Great Mountains are so vast. Where should I go?"

Master Sylra’s warning of as long as you don’t leave the peak sounded no different than a fart in the wind to him.

With his abilities, as long as he wanted to, there were a hundred ways to keep this dim sighted old man completely in the dark.

Looking out over the Hundred Thousand Great Mountains of the Southwestern region, he could go to whichever one he pleased.

"The absolute priority right now is definitely to get ahead of Knox and obtain the Vault of Divine Blade Heart."

"But this Vault of Divine Blade Heart is just that much bullshit. If Knox doesn’t come, it simply won’t appear in the world."

"In case Knox gets the Vault and masters an Emperor-level sword technique, he will definitely become a thorny problem in the future."

"Then what method should I use to strangle him?"

Alex narrowed his eyes, leaning against the wall. Resting with his eyes closed and racking his brains.

He tossed and turned, pondering for a long time. Then suddenly opened his eyes.

A sharp glint flashing through them.

"For Knox to obtain the Vault of Divine Blade Heart, he absolutely cannot do without the Divine Blade Sect’s help."

"Then..."

"If I just slaughter the Divine Blade Sect, wouldn’t that be equivalent to stopping him?"

Alex slapped his forehead.

Right.

He had lived a few comfortable days in this Hidden Broken Sword Cave. Unknowingly, he had actually started treating himself as an honest and obedient Divine Blade Sect disciple.

Who the fuck am I?

I am the original novel’s ultimate villain. The Saint Lord of the Hale family. Alex.

As the dignified master of a Saint Lineage, how could he act so indecisively?

For Knox to come to the Divine Blade Sect, he absolutely had to acknowledge a master. Learn skills. Master sword techniques.

Only then would he have a chance at obtaining the Vault of Divine Blade Heart.

Then wouldn’t it be a complete success if he just slaughtered the Divine Blade Sect before Knox arrived?

Furthermore, using the Purple Cloud Demon Sword to slaughter the sect would not only eliminate Knox’s threat, but also allow him to absorb the blood essence and souls of the entire sect as nourishment.

If things went well, it might even directly help him break through to the eighth level of the Supreme Realm, killing two birds with one stone.

However, after calculating carefully, Alex abandoned the idea.

Firstly, he didn’t have much time left. According to Adrian’s intelligence, Knox would arrive at the Divine Blade Sect in two days at most.

Wanting to wipe out the three hundred Outer Sect peaks, the thirty Inner Sect peaks, and over a million lives in just two days and two nights was simply an idiot’s daydream.

Secondly, as the largest Immortal Sect in the Southwestern region, the Divine Blade Sect wouldn’t just sit obediently and wait to die like meek sheep.

Although the Ten Sword Elders were only cultivators ranging from the late stage of the Mahayana Realm to the early stage of the Supreme Realm, each of them mastered a secret art. Slightly troublesome to deal with.

Coupled with Sect Master Magnus at the fourth level of the Supreme Realm, his Heavenly Mountain Nine Veins Sword Technique was not easy to handle either.

Not to mention, the Divine Blade Sect also had trump card weapons like the Primordial Antiquity Sword-Annihilation Killing Formation hidden away.

Wiping them all out single-handedly was absolutely impossible. With the slightest carelessness, there was even a risk of overturning his own cart.

He definitely couldn’t take action during the day. In broad daylight, the moment he made a move, it would instantly be known across all the peaks.

Therefore, before Knox arrived at the Divine Blade Sect, he only had two nights. At most, he could slaughter two peaks to minimize the risk.

Alex narrowed his eyes. Combining reality with the original novel’s plot, he began selecting from among the Ten Great Main Peaks.

Ultimately, he settled on three suitable options. Rorin’s Heaven-Turning Peak, Dariel’s Venomscale Peak and Vincent’s Sunblaze Peak.

Among them, Sunblaze Peak was Alex’s first target for consideration.

Knox’s arrival at the Divine Blade Sect this time was precisely to use Aurelia’s letter to seek refuge with Vincent.

Given the Heavenly Flame Empress’s face, Vincent would definitely teach Knox everything he knew and heavily favor him with all the best resources.

Most importantly, if the Vault of Divine Blade Heart appeared, the authority to decide its ownership would definitely lie in the hands of Sect Master Magnus and Vincent as the head of the Ten Elders.

Magnus was single mindedly devoted to studying the Sword Dao. Not fighting or competing for anything.

Didn’t that mean that with just a single word from Vincent, the Vault would absolutely belong to Knox?

No way.

Absolutely not.

As for Heaven-Turning Peak, it was the actual location where the Vault of Divine Blade Heart would appear.

Furthermore, the Peak Master, Rorin, was a straightforward and reckless person who, in the original novel, fought and then became friends with Knox, then became very close brothers.

If this person was not eliminated, he would inevitably become a major hidden danger in the future.

Moreover, Heaven-Turning Peak also had Lirin. The one who had already sent people to murder him twice.

Going to slaughter Heaven-Turning Peak would conveniently allow him to wipe out Lirin in passing.

And Venomscale Peak... was purely a choice born out of Alex’s personal spite.