Chapter 224

That voice, charming right down to the bones, made Knox’s entire body go soft and crisp. He involuntarily stopped in his tracks.

"I... how can I help you?"

Noctar choked out, "I was originally the Holy Maiden of the Cloud-Piercing Sect. Because I was being pursued and killed by wicked thieves, I was forced to use a spatial secret technique to escape and accidentally ended up stranded here."

"Those thieves murdered my Master, beat me until I was heavily injured, and even intended to violate me."

"I beg the Young Hero to help me treat my injuries so I can return to exact my revenge. In the future, I will definitely repay the Young Hero heavily!"

The exact same rhetoric, word for word.

Alex sneered coldly in his heart.

Unhurriedly raising his index and middle fingers, he activated the Peach Blossom Enthralling Emotion Pill.

An invisible, faint purple fragrance emanated from behind Noctar.

Noctar’s cultivation was formidable, and he possessed a Saint Body. Naturally, he wasn’t affected by this enthralling incense.

He couldn’t even smell it.

But Knox could smell it with absolute clarity.

Originally, facing Noctar’s request, Knox was completely unwilling and was preparing to politely decline and leave.

But as the faint fragrance drilled into his nostrils, teasing and provoking his inner heart, Knox instantly felt his throat go dry, an unbearable itch rising all over his body.

"Young Hero? Young Hero?"

Seeing Knox remain indifferent and staring at him with an extremely bizarre gaze, suspicion arose in Noctar’s heart.

He asked, "Are you... going to help me, or not?"

Knox stared at Noctar’s beautiful face and graceful figure.

As well as the fair, blow-breakable skin exposed beneath the scar-riddled white robe.

Knox’s bestial nature instantly flared up, he couldn’t help but gulp down a mouthful of saliva.

"Miss, you truly look as beautiful as a flower and jade. As beautiful as a heavenly immortal."

"Before I help you, I beg you to help me first!"

The corner of Noctar’s mouth twitched slightly, he became somewhat dumbfounded.

Although he had guessed that these two might be attracted by his beauty and harbor crooked thoughts, he never expected this guy’s face to be so thick as to directly say such shameless words.

What difference was there between this and those hooligans and lechers?

Before Noctar could even speak, Knox was already impatient. Like a wild beast, he pounced onto her body, pinning her to the ground.

"Miss, I’m begging you, help me!"

"Mmm mmm, Miss, you smell so good..."

Watching Knox grope him wildly while frantically licking him with his tongue, getting saliva all over him, Noctar’s face instantly turned blacker than charcoal.

Murderous aura burst from his eyes as he shoved Knox away with a single push.

"Brat, I am heavily injured and dying! It’s one thing if you don’t help me, but to actually have these filthy things in your head?!"

"Does a filthy person like you also deserve to be a disciple of the Divine Blade Sect?!"

Noctar was truly angry.

If it were an ordinary lecher, they would have resentfully apologized. But Knox right now had inhaled a massive amount of the Peach Blossom Enthralling Emotion Pill.

Where was there any rationality left to speak of?

Even looking at Noctar’s angry, delicate face, he still felt it was incomparably alluring.

"Hehe, Miss, I know you lying here alone is just to seduce me."

"There’s no one else here anyway, so stop playing hard to get!"

Seeing Knox pounce forward again like a male dog in heat, Noctar’s face completely blackened, unable to hold back his fury any longer.

He revealed his true, original appearance, eyes glaring wide, and fury like thunder.

"You bastard, asking for a beating!"

Noctar raised a foot and kicked Knox flying. Knox crashed heavily against the trunk of a large tree, spitting out a massive mouthful of fresh blood.

Before Knox could regain his senses, Noctar had already teleported over, grabbed him by the collar, and lifted him up.

"How could the descendants of my Divine Blade Sect produce a shameless scoundrel like you who lacks all sense of honor and shame?!"

"No, I... I absolutely must teach you a harsh lesson!"

As a person of the Immortal Realm, wantonly harming mortals could result in punishment by the laws of the Immortal Realm.

But with Knox’s saliva still sticking to his body, Noctar truly could not suppress his thunderous rage.

He swung his arm in wide arcs, slapping left and right, palm after palm, viciously smacking Knox across the face.

In a short while, that originally somewhat handsome pretty-boy face swelled into a red and purple pig’s head.

...

Hiding behind the tree, seeing this scene, Alex almost couldn’t hold back his laughter.

"Good heavens, this is truly explosive..."

"Although I guessed his injury was fake, I didn’t expect even his identity as a woman to be fake!"

"Truly... hahahaha, cough cough cough..."

Because Knox was injured by Noctar, Alex also suffered a slight backlash from the Heavenly Dao. However, even though he took some minor damage, he absolutely did not regret it.

Being able to personally watch such a brilliant, wonderful play, what did a little injury count for?

Worth it, absolutely worth it.

While clutching his chest and coughing, Alex controlled the uncontrollable upward curve of his mouth. He let Pearl gigantify again to carry him and continue toward the mountain peak.

...

Noctar grabbed Knox and beat him for a long time before finally venting his anger slightly, casually tossing Knox onto the ground, he rode a floating cloud and departed.

Returning above the mountain, before he could even speak, he saw Pureon’s face flushed completely red from holding it in.

Unable to help but laugh, Pureon managed, "Junior Brother, you..."

"This scheme of yours, is truly..."

"Hahahahaha!"

Seeing no one else around, Pureon fundamentally disregarded his image. He lay directly on the ground, laughing and rolling around, almost laughing until tears came out.

"I can’t, I can’t, Junior Brother Noctar, this scheme of yours is truly too brilliant!"

"As expected, with just a casual test, you tested out which of these two juniors is kind-hearted and which is treacherous and wicked."

"It’s just... the price was slightly miserable, huh?"

"If it weren’t for the fact that you can ignore the Sword God Restriction inside the Azure Dragon Valley, you probably would have truly lost your innocence to that brat."