Chapter 82

After enduring a relentless bombardment of cultivation arts and techniques, Helen was left completely devoid of strength. Paralyzed and slumped on the ground.

Aside from shivering and twitching, her delicate body couldn’t move a single inch.

Her originally fair, tender skin was scorched black in patches, her flesh mutilated and bloody.

All over her body were bloody teeth marks, reeking with the foul stench of the Blood-Sucking Demonic Lizards’ saliva. Her wine-red hair was matted with blood and filth, hanging messily and devoid of any former elegance.

Yet only her eyes remained unchanged.

Still radiating intense hostility and bitter resentment. She gritted her silver teeth tightly inside her cherry lips, looking as if she would swear to the death never to submit to Alex.

"You little flower demon, why are you so impossibly stubborn and pedantic?" Alex stood with his hands behind his back. Face expressionless.

"To protect Knox’s safety, you endure torturous pain worse than death right here."

"But does Knox truly deserve this deep, blind infatuation of yours?"

"Of course he does!" At the mention of that name, a sudden light ignited within Helen’s dim, exhausted eyes.

"Husband is the best man in this world!"

"Ever since he saved me back then, I made a resolute decision to follow him and protect him for all eternity, across every lifetime!"

"In my first lifetime and my second lifetime, I sacrificed absolutely everything for Husband!"

"And in this third lifetime, I will absolutely swear to the death to protect Husband’s safety!"

"What shameless boasting!" Alex sneered disdainfully. He tilted his chin up slightly and a look of mocking frivolity in his eyes.

"Let’s not even mention the fact that with your measly strength, protecting him from my hands is fundamentally impossible."

"Do you truly believe that he, Knox, is worthy of your blind infatuation?"

Helen froze slightly. "What... what do you mean by that?"

"Although you are a Millennium Flower Demon, immortal and imperishable, you are not omniscient." Alex said faintly.

"There are certain things that I feel it is better for you to know."

With a wave of his hand, Alex summoned a screen of light that floated right in front of Helen. Gradually, a scene materialized upon the screen.

It was Knox’s first lifetime.

The scholar, having already become the Prime Minister and Grand Chancellor, was hosting a banquet for his colleagues at his manor.

Helen stared blankly, eyes entirely captivated by the scene.

She had absolutely no memory of this banquet. Clearly, this was something that happened after her demonic power was exhausted.

"Come, come, Lord Prime Minister! This subordinate offers you a toast!" A subordinate stood up, face full of fawning flattery as he toasted the scholar.

Then he asked cautiously. "My Lord, why do we not see Lady Helen by your side today?"

"She’s dead." The scholar replied expressionlessly, not even lifting his head.

"D-Dead?!" The crowd was entirely shocked. Their expressions turning complicated.

"How... how is this possible?"

"Lady Helen was not only young and beautiful, but she possessed extraordinary martial arts."

"Over these past years, how many political enemies did she eradicate for you, My Lord? She practically escorted you onto the seat of Prime Minister."

"How could she die so shortly after you took office?"

The scholar took a sip of his wine and laughed coldly. "My colleagues, you speak correctly."

"That woman’s martial arts were indeed exceptional. As a blade used to eradicate our enemies, she was naturally very handy."

"But now, I am the Prime Minister. My position is exalted, my authority heavy. Below one person, above tens of thousands."

"What use is there in keeping a violent, brainless woman who knows so many of our secrets?"

"It was precisely this official who laced the wine she drank with Lethal Powder, sending her on her final journey."

The crowd sucked in a sharp breath of cold air. But a moment later, they all began to fawn profusely.

"My Lord, exceptionally well done!"

"A man without ruthlessness is no true man!"

"That woman knew far too many secrets. Only by letting her die could we ensure silence forever!"

"My Lord places righteousness above family! This subordinate is filled with the utmost admiration!"

"Come, another toast to My Lord..."

Watching the topic about her pass by as the scholar and the crowd began exchanging cups and toasting, Helen’s delicate body trembled violently. Two streams of clear tears cascaded silently from her eyes.

"No wonder back then, even though I clearly had remaining strength to sustain my life..."

"After drinking a single pot of wine, my power was instantly exhausted, forcing me to revert to a flower seed and fall into the Yellow Springs."

"So... it was you who poisoned my wine?"

"Why... why would you do this?!"

Clear tears streamed down Helen’s face as she wept miserably and beautifully.

Alex sighed slightly. "Karmic reincarnation, the cycle of destiny. All things have a predetermined fate in the unseen world."

"Some people are born valuing emotion and righteousness. Remaining loyal across every lifetime."

"Some people have cold-bloodedness and heartlessness carved deep into their very bones."

"Naturally, across every lifetime, they will always be hypocrites hiding behind a facade of morality."

He waved his hand, retracting the light screen.

Then, with another casual wave, pushed a second light screen right in front of Helen.

Displayed upon this screen was Knox’s immediate past life, The Daoist priest.

At this time, the Daoist was already white-haired and in the twilight of his life. Yet he was a mighty powerhouse in the Supreme Realm.

The Sect Master of the world’s number one Daoist Sect. A million disciples under him. Former students and subordinates scattered across the world.

Leaning on a walking stick, the Daoist stood in front of a tombstone. Carved upon the stone were the words: "Tomb of My Old Friend, Helen."

"Helen, ah... in the blink of an eye, you and I haven’t seen each other for decades." The Daoist spoke faintly.

"Do you know why I struck you down and killed you back then?"