Chapter 121

Alex’s gaze turned sharp.

He pressed his palms together.

A Six Paths Wheel formed of white light surfaced between them. The wheel spun rapidly, releasing a thick cloud of purple mist.

"Divine Blade Sect defector, Evil Sword..."

"Purple Cloud Demon Sword, manifest!"

Alex thrust his left palm forward, plunging his hand into the white light Six Paths Wheel.

A moment later, his arm trembled slightly as he slowly pulled it back out. Gripped between his five fingers was a treasured sword radiating a chilling purple aura.

A perfectly intact Purple Cloud Demon Sword.

"It worked!" Alex gave it a tentative swing. Listening to the sounds of ghosts weeping and wolves howling carried by the sword wind, an excited, joyful look appeared on his face.

The reason he was overjoyed wasn’t just because he had successfully summoned this treasured sword.

It was even more so because summoning it proved he had successfully mastered the Asura Path of the Six Paths Wheel of Destruction Art.

Alex turned around and looked at this massive Hidden Sword Pavilion. Looking at the various broken and damaged treasured swords throughout, an excited, fanatical light shone in his eyes.

"If that’s the case, doesn’t that mean this entire Hidden Sword Pavilion has become my personal armory?!"

"This chore is simply too beautiful!"

"There’s still a month before that so-called assessment."

"Within this month, I must absolutely pocket every single sword that catches my eye!"

Immediately, Alex let himself loose. Directly beginning his sightseeing tour of the Hidden Sword Pavilion.

He admired the various bloody atrocities committed by the Divine Blade Sect’s traitors. Then, using the specific recorded information, he duplicated these treasured swords straight into the armory of his Asura Path.

Before he knew it, he had duplicated a full twenty-plus swords.

All graded around Lower-Grade to Mid-Grade Supreme-tier. Moreover, aside from their astonishing power, these swords all had wildly different functionalities.

Some could summon sword puppet death squads to fight ten thousand enemies at once. Others could lay down defensive barriers that sucked any intruder dry into a human husk.

He figured this should be enough to use for a very long time.

Alex was fully energized, not feeling the slightest fatigue, and originally wanted to wipe a few more. However, just as he was about to walk deeper into the Pavilion, a shout echoed from outside the iron doors.

"Brat, you’re not dead, are you?"

"Senior, I’m fine." Alex replied.

"I’ll wipe a few more swords and then come out."

"Hurry up and roll your ass out here!" The elder cursed directly, sounding extremely anxious.

Alex thought some urgent matter had occurred and hurriedly pushed the doors open. However, outside the door, only the elder stood with his hands behind his back. Absolutely nothing had happened.

"Senior, why were you in such a rush to have me come out?"

"Nonsense!" The elder cursed.

"In the past, disciples locked up here would have to come out and rest after four to six hours at most."

"But you! After entering the Hidden Sword Pavilion, there wasn’t a single peep from you, and you stayed in there for twenty four hours!"

"I thought you had died in there on your very first day!"

"Twenty four hours?!" Alex froze slightly. Looking at the darkened sky outside the cave, he felt a secret surge of astonishment.

He had been completely immersed in the joy of duplicating weapons, thinking only one or two hours had passed.

He never expected an entire day and night had gone by. Sure enough, happy times were always fleeting.

"Senior, I’m fine." Alex smiled.

"Just let me wipe for a bit longer, my body can handle it."

"You brat... is your brain already corroded by the baleful aura?" The elder looked at him as if looking at an idiot.

"If you want to die, just jump straight off a cliff! No need to disgust this old man here."

"From tomorrow onwards, you are only allowed to wipe swords for a maximum of six hours a day, understand?!"

"Understood." Alex originally wanted to argue, but he was afraid of letting the elder see through his flaws.

If that happened, he might lose access to this entire armory of treasures. Therefore, he had no choice but to helplessly agree and compromise.

Anyway, he still had a full month ahead, six hours a day would still be just about enough time to duplicate every single treasured sword into his pocket.

...

In the blink of an eye, three days passed.

This evening, Lirin Thorne, full of enthusiasm, traveled from Heaven-Turning Peak to Falling Dust Peak. Heading straight for Aya’s cave dwelling.

"Junior Sister Aya, I’ve come to see you!"

However, upon entering the cave dwelling, he saw Aya busy at the stove. Several dishes of fragrant, delicious food set aside.

Lirin immediately stepped forward and smiled. "Junior Sister Aya, I didn’t expect the dignified Third Miss of the Cale family to have such excellent culinary skills!"

"It seems your senior brother is in for a treat in the future, I’ll have to come visit more often."

Smelling the enticing aroma, Lirin unknowingly salivated. He reached out a finger, wanting to pinch a chicken wing to taste.

Aya slapped his hand away. "Don’t touch."

Lirin’s face instantly couldn’t hold up. "It’s just a chicken wing, do you have to be so stingy?"

"This food isn’t for you." Aya plated the last dish, then placed them one by one into a pre-prepared wooden food box.

Lirin frowned. "Junior Sister Aya, where are you going? Who are you delivering food to?"

Without even lifting her head, Aya answered. "Broken Sword Peak, for Taryn Lark."

"What?!" Lirin acted as if his tail had been stepped on, almost jumping straight up.

"Junior Sister Aya, that Taryn offended Elder Dariel and was banished to the Hidden Broken Sword Cave. He’s already a crippled, useless person!"

"Why... why are you delivering food to that piece of trash?"

Aya said in annoyance, "Lirin, I am not a profiteering merchant who only wakes up early for profit."

"Furthermore, I’ll tell you one more time: I trust my intuition."

"Taryn Lark is an extraordinary talent. Sooner or later, he will turn his situation around!"