Chapter 181

"Die!" Alex let out a deep shout, a fierce sword beam abruptly blasted out.

With the momentum of snapping dead branches and crushing dry weeds, it directly crushed the Greed Buddha and Anger Buddha into ashes.

After crushing and killing the two of them, the Buddha statue rock wall behind them subsequently exploded with a resounding bang.

Streaks of pure, resplendent, flowing light and vibrant colors surged out from behind the rock wall. Every single beam of light radiated a strong intent of karma and destiny.

"So this is Heavenly True One’s Buddhist Dao inheritance!" Alex’s eyes lit up, an excited smile curling at the corners of his mouth.

He originally thought that this Buddhist Dao inheritance, just like the Vault of Divine Blade Heart, was bound to Knox’s Protagonist Halo. That if Knox didn’t arrive, it wouldn’t appear in the world.

It seemed that this damned Protagonist Halo still possessed the slightest bit of reason after all.

Immediately, Alex floated to the highest point in mid-air, spreading his five fingers. Pointing a single palm toward the sky. His palm radiating a powerful suction force.

Under the influence of the suction force, the myriad beams of light were all drawn over.

Wisps of light merged into it like hundreds of rivers flowing into the sea, transforming into a spinning sphere of light in Alex’s palm.

When the absorption was complete, the sphere of light radiated a holy, seven-colored rosy glow.

Looking through the light beams, one could clearly see a palm-sized small golden Buddha floating right in the middle of the light sphere.

This small golden Buddha was precisely the trace of karma left behind in the mortal realm by the Ancient Phoenix King’s guide, the Buddhist Saint Heavenly True One.

In the original novel, this karma was obtained by Knox. Using it as a medium, he step by step became the leader of the younger generation of Buddhist cultivators.

Now, this treasure had fallen into his own hands.

Alex deeply understood the logic that long nights bring many dreams.

He directly opened his mouth and swallowed the light sphere whole.

To avoid it being snatched away by Knox’s Protagonist Halo later.

Majestic true essence surged into his dantian, enveloping the Eight Extraordinary Meridians in Alex’s body with a layer of Buddha-natured golden light.

After a long while, Alex slowly opened his eyes, and exhaled a breath of turbid air.

After obtaining Heavenly True One’s inheritance, he could feel that his comprehension and innate roots had clearly received a purifying baptism.

Even the murderous, unblinking fierceness in his heart had lessened slightly, replaced by a bit more mercy and compassion for all living beings.

Of course, this compassion was merely a side effect of absorbing the Buddhist Dao spiritual energy.

It could not fundamentally change Alex, this decisive and ruthless major villain Saint Lord.

"The treasures in this Heavenly Flame Secret Realm have pretty much been swept clean." Alex muttered to himself.

"Especially the greatest fortuitous encounter among them, which already belongs to me."

"I can’t just eat it clean and wipe my mouth, I have to leave a mouthful of leftovers for the other Saint Lineages."

"Mm, then let’s stop here."

Alex rode a floating cloud and returned the way he came, still using the Seal-Breaking Hundred Ghosts Sword to pass through the seal and leave the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm.

Noticing the sounds of ghosts crying and wolves howling behind them, Lily and the others unanimously turned their heads. However, before they could even react, Alex directly summoned the Vault of Divine Mirror and unleashed a completely fair and equal Saint Time Freeze.

He confined the time around Lily and the others, swaggering away right from under their noses.

"Oh, it’s already the late midnight?"

"I didn’t expect to actually spend so much time dealing with those three cursed Buddhas."

"Mm, I have to hurry over a bit faster."

"After all, I was the one who proactively made the appointment first. I can’t let her wait anxiously."

Alex circulated his spiritual energy, flew into the distance at maximum speed. His figure instantly disappearing into the veil of night.

...

Meanwhile, above the clouds of the Nine Heavens.

In the southernmost part of the Immortal Realm. Inside the Ancient Phoenix Sacred Palace.

A powerhouse at the peak of the Saint Realm abruptly opened his eyes, revealing a look of furious rage.

"Outrageous!"

The Saint Realm mighty figure flew into a thundering rage, causing a chilling astral wind to blow through the entire sacred palace.

The two subordinates in front of him were originally respectfully reporting matters, facing this sudden astral wind of fury, they instantly shuddered.

"My King, what is wrong?"

The Ancient Phoenix King was furious beyond control, gritting his teeth.

"Someone barged into the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm created by this King before the Secret Realm even opened."

"Furthermore, they decapitated the three Buddhas of Greed, Anger, and Delusion that this King left behind in the mortal realm for tens of thousands of years, and plundered the inheritance of Saint Heavenly True One!"

"What?!" The two subordinates instantly revealed expressions of sheer horror.

"Who is so audacious to actually dare to snatch the fortuitous encounter meant for My King’s descendants?"

The Ancient Phoenix King narrowed his eyes slightly, as if carefully sensing something.

A moment later, his eyes suddenly widened fiercely.

A vicious glint of rage verging on distortion revealing itself from within his pupils.

"EVERGREAT! SWORD! ANCESTOR!"

...

To the north of the Heavenly Flame Capital lay a vast river named the True Origin River.

Right in the middle of the True Origin River was a mid-river island called Heart Origin Island.

After about the time it takes an incense stick to burn, Alex arrived above Heart Origin Island. With a thought, he descended from the sky.

Before him was a formation arranged in a tripartite stance, right in the middle of the formation were hundreds of jars of fine wine. Piled up like a pyramid.

Seeing this spectacular display, Alex couldn’t help but laugh. "No wonder I smelled such a pungent stench of alcohol while still up in the sky."

"Old Drunkard, this is another setup you put together, isn’t it?"

"Hahaha, exactly!" An old man reeking of alcohol stumbled out from the nearby dense forest.

This old man was short in stature, skinny, and looked as withered as a dead log.

He was clearly already so drunk he was practically unconscious, unable to even walk steadily.