Chapter 115

She said coldly, "Lirin, how can you be so despicable?"

"My Cale family does indeed have a grudge against the Lark family. A grudge as deep as the sea where we cannot share the same sky."

"However, no matter how much I hate him, I am ashamed to use such despicable and shameless methods."

"If I achieve success in my cultivation in the future, I will naturally kill that Taryn with a single sword strike to avenge my grandfather."

"As for the shady business you speak of, please do as you please on your own."

With that, Aya ignored Lirin entirely and directly distanced herself from him.

Lirin gritted his teeth. His face turning alternating shades of blue and purple from anger.

"Aya Cale, I racked my brains and considered everything for your sake, yet you fail to appreciate my good intentions!"

"Fine! Once we’re in the Divine Blade Sect, sooner or later, I will make you kneel before me and beg!"

...

A short while later, the three of them arrived at the summit of Feather Transformation Peak.

Elder Loris had been waiting there for a long time. He said faintly, "You have finally arrived."

"Today, several elders are in closed-door cultivation. Only Elder Rorin, Elder Nerin, and Elder Dariel are present."

"Right now, the three elders are waiting in the main hall. You may head over."

"We obey!" Aya and Lirin both clasped their fists and nodded, walking into the main hall with solemn expressions.

Alex followed behind. He couldn’t help but feel somewhat curious.

As the young master and miss of wealthy and prominent families, these two had grown up with golden spoons in their mouths. Facing such a grand occasion for the first time, why did they show absolutely no tension or panic, and instead act so calm and collected?

Could it be that the rich kids of this region are just naturally born to handle grand occasions? Or could it be there is some other hidden secret involved?

Walking into the main hall, three thrones were placed before them. Seated on the thrones were three men, all possessing cultivation at the eighth level of Mahayana.

The man on the left was tall and burly with heavily developed muscles. His face covered in a thick beard, naturally exuding a bit of a bandit’s aura.

The one in the middle was dressed in a white robe. Gentle and refined, as elegant as a schoolteacher.

The one on the right was short and hunched over, with shifty eyes and a rat-like face. At first glance, he simply looked like a petty thief. Completely lacking any righteous aura.

These three were the elders Master Loris had mentioned. Fellow members of the Divine Blade Sect’s Ten Elders: Master Rorin, Master Nerin, and Master Dariel.

Alex was still pondering which one he should choose to be his master during his undercover stint at the Divine Blade Sect.

Lirin took grand strides forward, walking directly in front of the burly muscular man on the left. He bowed, clasped his fists, and said, "The eldest son of the Thorne family, Lirin Thorne, pays his respects to Elder Rorin!"

"This is this lowly one’s greeting card. Please look it over, Elder Rorin!"

He took a card out of his robes and respectfully handed it to the burly man.

Alex clearly saw that tucked inside the greeting card was an impressive bank note with a denomination of one hundred thousand spirit stones.

"Hahahaha! Young Master Lirin, you are too polite!" Seeing this greeting card, Master Rorin instantly beamed with joy. His eyes turning into smiling crescents.

"With your natural talent and aptitude, you will inevitably secure a massive, heaven-shaking seat in the Divine Blade Sect in the future!"

"Excellent! Since that is the case, I shall take you in as a direct disciple. From this day forward, you are a disciple of my Heaven-Turning Peak!"

"Thank you, Master!" Lirin instantly beamed with joy, nodding heavily, and immediately kowtowed in submission.

At this time, Aya stepped forward. Arriving before the refined, scholar-like man, she nodded respectfully. "Junior Aya Cale of the Cale family greets Elder Nerin."

"My father has always missed the Elder. He specifically ordered me to bring this handwritten letter. Please accept it, Elder."

Aya took out a letter and respectfully handed it over. Elder Nerin casually opened it. Tucked inside the envelope was, shockingly, another massive bank note for one hundred thousand spirit stones.

He immediately tucked the letter into his robes and smiled faintly.

"Your father and I have been friends for many years, but I have been rather busy lately, so I haven’t been able to visit him."

"Aya, since you wish to learn sword techniques, stay at my Falling Dust Peak. I will be your personal master."

"Within three to five years, I will definitely pass down the true legacy sword Dao of the Divine Blade Sect to you. Making you the number one female sword cultivator in the Southwestern region!"

"Thank you, Master!" Aya’s face revealed her excitement, and she nodded joyfully.

Alex stroked his chin. Finally understanding the situation.

It seemed there were unspoken rules for these aristocratic disciples visiting the sect.

The Divine Blade Sect deliberately arranged for these three elders to be here with specific intention. Presumably, before coming here, the Thorne and Cale families had already sent people ahead to grease the wheels.

They had directly spent an unknown number of spirit stones to essentially buy a direct disciple seat for Lirin and Aya.

Then, this Master Dariel with the most wretched, rat-like appearance should be the connection the Lark family had bribed for Taryn.

Seeing Alex standing in place the entire time, completely indifferent, Dariel frowned and said with displeasure, "You are Taryn Lark of the Lark family, aren’t you?"

"Seeing me, do you not have anything to give me?"

Alex pondered for a moment before saying expressionlessly, "No."

"What?!" Dariel’s eyes widened, wondering if there was a problem with his ears.

Off to the side, Rorin and Nerin were also utterly dumbfounded.

What is going on with this kid? The resources the Lark family had given previously were the absolute highest. Far more generous than both the Thorne and Cale families combined.

Could it be that before Taryn arrived, his family hadn’t properly briefed him? Otherwise, how could such a joke be happening right now?