Chapter 247

"So, Brother Alistair’s arrival today is with the intention of taking revenge upon that Nova and properly venting that foul anger from back then?"

"Correct!" Alistair nodded, gritting his teeth.

"Brother Alex, for our dispatch of troops to rescue the Empress this time, I fundamentally do not care!"

"As long as I can bring down Albert and viciously punish that old poisonous woman, I will be completely satisfied in my heart!"

"Good, Brother Alistair, rest assured." Alex nodded solemnly.

"I guarantee you, this time, we will definitely be able to viciously crush the arrogant spirit of that old poisonous woman."

"We will make that old poisonous woman’s reputation be ruined and completely swept into the dust, reducing her to the shame of the world!"

"And even directly smash her into a bottomless abyss, ensuring she can never turn her situation around for all eternity!"

A day’s time passed by in a flash.

The next day, at dusk.

In front of the Azure Phoenix Palace, the Profound Phoenix Square was a boiling cauldron of human voices, clamorous and noisy. Tens of thousands of commoners gathered in a circle around the perimeter, whispering and discussing amongst themselves.

"Hey, why has an execution ground suddenly been set up in front of the Azure Phoenix Palace today out of nowhere?"

"Tsk, do you not know? The King of the South, Albert, with the support of the Former Empress Nova, has already taken control of the great power of the Heavenly Flame Dynasty."

"This execution ground today is precisely to behead Aurelia, and then inherit the imperial throne!"

"What?! Isn’t Aurelia the dignified Heavenly Flame Empress, having served as the monarch of our Heavenly Flame Dynasty for hundreds of years?"

"How boundlessly glorious was she in the past, yet today she has actually been reduced to a prisoner awaiting execution?"

"Sigh, truly a new generation replacing the old..."

Several Mahayana Realm experts of the Heavenly Flame Dynasty stood guarding both sides of the execution supervisor’s platform.

Sitting at the supervisor’s platform were none other than Nova and Albert.

Seeing the setting sun slanting westward on the horizon, Nova shot Albert a meaningful glance. Albert immediately understood.

He stood up and said loudly, "The time of noon and three-quarters has arrived! Bring out the criminal, Aurelia!"

Two Mahayana Realm powerhouses emerged from the grand prison, escorting Aurelia between them.

The current Aurelia no longer possessed her former nobility and arrogance. Wearing prison garb, her hair was a disheveled mess, her entire body stained with fresh blood from head to toe, and her eyes were cloudy and lifeless.

At this very moment, extreme yin energy had already permeated the meridian blood throughout her entire body.

She couldn’t even speak a single word.

No matter how others manipulated her, she could only leave herself at their mercy.

"Esteemed neighbors, citizens, and commoners, thank you all for taking time out of your busy schedules to come here today." Albert shouted indifferently.

"Summoning everyone here today is to judge the traitor of my Emberhal family, Aurelia!"

"Aurelia, self-styled Heavenly Flame Empress, has controlled the Heavenly Flame Dynasty for hundreds of years. Yet she possesses the benevolence of a weak-willed kindness, is indecisive, and disregards the safety of the common people."

"Today, for the sake of the Heavenly Flame’s common people and the citizens under heaven, this King decrees the execution of Aurelia, to comfort the all the subjects of the Heavenly Flame!"

"Executioners, ready!"

Watching two burly, broad-waisted executioners carrying gleaming broadswords stand behind Aurelia, the commoners sighed endlessly one after another.

"Tsk, I didn’t expect Empress Aurelia to be so cautious and conscientious her whole life, yet end up in such a state."

"As the ruler of the Heavenly Flame, Empress Aurelia can be considered to have given her all. When has she ever had weak-willed kindness or been indecisive?"

"Sigh, this is nothing more than the internal strife of their imperial family. How can we believe his words..."

Amidst the commoners’ discussions, the executioners’ broadswords had already been raised high, aimed directly at Aurelia’s neck.

However, just as the broadswords were about to fall and Aurelia’s head was about to hit the ground, from afar, a sharp explosive shout suddenly rang out.

"Vault of Divine Magatama!"

The next second, two dazzling golden sword jades blasted over from the horizon, directly shattering the blades and crushing both executioners entirely into fine powder.

"What?!" The surrounding spectating commoners instantly revealed expressions of astonishment.

Albert and Nova also stood up, shock and anger mixing on their faces.

A figure bathed in golden light slowly descended from the sky.

It was exactly Alex, standing tall in mid-air, sneering coldly.

"Heh, daring to spout wild lies to deceive the world in front of the people of the world. You all truly don’t even want your faces anymore."

At the same time, Cedric, Tobias, Lara, and the others, leading the crowd of Hale family prodigy disciples, arrived abruptly.

They engaged in close-quarters combat with the experts of the Heavenly Flame Dynasty, launching a fierce and intense assault.

Seeing this scene, Albert’s eyes glared wide, his face turning ashen. "Alex! You are so audacious, actually daring to meddle in the internal affairs of my Heavenly Flame Dynasty!"

Alex said indifferently, "The Heavenly Flame Empress is the protective screen of the Heavenly Flame Dynasty. Killing her is equivalent to killing the commoners of the entire dynasty. You, Albert, commit treason and rebellion. How could we ignore it?"

Nova’s face was iron-green, gritting her teeth. "What is going on here? The entire perimeter of the Heavenly Flame Capital has already been guarded by the Imperial Guards without a single blind spot. How could the Hale family have so many people suddenly swarm into the Azure Phoenix Palace all at once?"

Albert was equally filled with bewilderment. But the next second, seeing the dazzling golden Vault of Divine Mirror in Alex’s hand, he instantly realized the truth.

"Damn it... We were played by this old guy!"

Just as Albert was panicking, two soldiers ran over one after another from the left and right.

"Your Majesty, this is bad! Malakai Sol led the disciples of the Sol family to raid the dungeon, and has rescued Lily, Selene, and all of Aurelia’s trusted aides!"

"Your Majesty, this is bad! Alistair Blackwood led the disciples of the Blackwood family to set up a Formation and trap the Imperial Guards surrounding the capital; the Imperial Guards are unable to come support!"