Chapter 125

"Hiss, so cold." The moment she stepped into the cave, Fiora couldn’t help but shudder. Her face turning slightly pale.

"This ghostly place, how can it have such heavy Yin energy and baleful aura?"

"No wonder those disciples punished here with solitary confinement are all driven completely mad."

Fiora looked around, groping her way forward until she arrived in front of Alex’s cave dwelling.

"I remember that people punished with solitary confinement in the past all lived here."

"Presumably, that Taryn is inside right now, isn’t he?"

Fiora narrowed her eyes, a flash of killing intent in her gaze.

With one hand, she drew her sword and gripped it tightly. With the other, she tried to push open the main door.

However, even after applying seventy percent of her strength, the door didn’t budge an inch. Instead, it sent a shockwave that numbed the webbing between her thumb and forefinger.

"This door actually has a defensive restriction?" Fiora was somewhat surprised. A fierce glint in her eyes.

"I didn’t expect this brat to be quite cautious."

"Unfortunately, thinking a mere restriction can stop me... you are far too naive!"

"Earth Evasion Technique, move!"

She raised her index and middle fingers, softly chanting an incantation. The next second, she vanished from her spot. Appearing about three meters underground.

Aside from sword techniques, Fiora was most skilled in Earth Manipulation techniques. Her self created Earth Evasion Technique allowed her to shuttle freely underground as if walking on flat land.

She prepared to pass underneath the defensive restriction and break through the floor directly into Alex’s cave dwelling.

However, as she walked, she gradually smelled a thick, pungent stench of blood permeating the air.

At the same time, bursts of crunching, cracking sounds echoed in her ears.

She couldn’t help but feel suspicious. It was bad enough that this place was bizarre above ground, but how could it be so weird underground too?

Unable to contain her curiosity, she took a torch from her storage ring and lit it.

By the light of the fire, she saw the scene before her. Fiora’s scalp instantly went completely numb. She shrieked out loud.

"Ah!"

Directly in front of her was a towering mountain of eerily white human bones. Crawling atop this mountain were two fat rats.

Pitch black as ink, as massive as cows, with eyes as crimson as blood. Using their razor sharp teeth, they were happily and fragrantly gnawing on the rock hard bones.

Crunch, crunch... Crunch, crunch...

The rats’ teeth were as sharp as sickles. Directly snapping the rock hard human bones in two.

Looking at these two cow sized rats, Fiora was scared utterly pale. Her entire body trembling violently.

These were known as Corpse Yin Rats. Usually about the size of normal rats, they loved to gnaw on human bones and would only appear in places heavy with Yin energy.

Logically speaking, the Divine Blade Sect, as a holy land of an Immortal Sect with numerous powerhouses and abundant Yang energy, should absolutely not have such evil creatures appearing.

However, the Yin energy and baleful aura of the Hidden Broken Sword Cave were far too dense. Especially inside this specific cave dwelling, where thousands of human lives had been lost in just a few short decades.

All of them dying gruesome, miserable deaths.

Moreover, the elder couldn’t be bothered to properly deal with the bodies. Merely casually burying them underground.

Therefore, over the years and months, it naturally birthed two Corpse Yin Rats with profound cultivation and absurdly terrifying size.

When Alex first arrived, he sensed these two wicked beasts.

But the Yin energy radiating from them was a nourishing tonic to him. And they were just gnawing on bones underground with absolutely no impact on him whatsoever.

Thus, Alex lived in complete harmony with these two Corpse Yin Rats and simply ignoring their existence.

He hadn’t expected that tonight, by some strange twist of fate, Fiora would stumble right into them.

Fiora was terrified to the point that her hair stood on end. Trembling on her legs, she turned around, desperately wanting to leave. However, both Corpse Yin Rats noticed her presence.

They raised their heads simultaneously. Four eyes staring dead at her.

Squeak... Squeak!

The two Corpse Yin Rats shrieked and, like charging rhinoceroses, bared their fangs and sharp claws as they rushed straight at her.

Facing their approach, Fiora’s heart felt like it would tear apart from sheer terror.

Unable to care about anything else, she forcefully aborted her Earth Evasion Technique and burst directly out of the ground.

...

Alex was originally sitting cross legged on his bed, enthusiastically chatting about idle domestic matters with Adrian.

Suddenly, a strange woman drilled out of his floor. Lying on the ground panting heavily, her face filled with lingering fear.

Alex fell silent for a moment before saying, "Adrian, a delivery just arrived at my place. I need to handle it."

He hung up the communication jade slip, looked down at Fiora, and said with deep interest. "Little girl, visiting my humble abode in the dead of night, what business do you have?"

"You... you are Taryn?!" Fiora, still in shock, trembled as she stood up. She stared at Alex viciously.

"Someone paid a massive price to take your life."

"Speak! Do you have any last words?"

"Oh?" Alex raised an eyebrow.

"So from the sound of it, you’re an assassin?"

"Go to hell!" Fiora drew her sword, gritted her teeth, and charged at Alex.

However, just as she swung with all her might, looking like it was about to pierce right through his chest, Alex instantly teleported behind her. Dodging it effortlessly.

He couldn’t help but chuckle. "I set up a defensive restriction at the door. You couldn’t break it, so you could only sneak in from underground, right?"

"However, you came to kill someone, so why are you trembling all over in fear?"

"Could it be... while underground, you saw something you shouldn’t have seen?"

Hearing Alex’s slightly leading words, Fiora’s scalp went completely numb. She roared in uncontainable fury.

"Bastard, I... I’ll kill you!"