Chapter 165

A few disciples revealed troubled expressions. "Elder Sylra... but the current situation of our Divine Blade Sect is rather special."

"Both Myriad Transformations Peak and Spirit Artisan Peak have ordered the mountain sealed and the sect closed. Forbidding any outsiders from joining..."

"No matter." Sylra waved his hand cheerfully.

"Since this child was introduced by the Heavenly Flame Empress, he absolutely will not be an accomplice of the attackers."

"In this old man’s view, your Myriad Transformations Peak should temporarily take him in first."

"Assign him to the Sanitation Department. This can be considered giving an explanation to the Heavenly Flame Empress."

The few people had no choice but to nod helplessly. "Alright, then we shall respectfully follow Elder Sylra’s orders."

Knox was instantly overwhelmed by the unexpected favor. So moved he almost shed tears.

After coming to the Divine Blade Sect, he had been kicked back and forth like a rubber ball. Suffering all kinds of humiliation and useless frustration.

He didn’t expect that at his most desperate moment, he would actually run into such a kind and benevolent old man.

Sure enough, the Heavens still favored me!

Knox instantly realized that the old man in front of him was the destined noble benefactor belonging to his heavenly mandate.

He immediately fell to his knees in front of Sylra with a thud. "This junior thanks Elder Sylra!"

"The Elder’s great grace and immense virtue, this junior will never forget for all eternity!"

"Get up." Sylra helped Knox up. Waving his hand dismissively.

"You, ah, there’s no need to thank this old man."

"It was a disciple of this old man who said he had a friend coming up the mountain today. Asked this old man to come and notify everyone."

"Oh?" Knox froze.

"I actually have a friend in the Divine Blade Sect?"

"Dare I ask the Elder, your disciple... what is his name?"

"About that, he didn’t tell me to say. When you see him later, you will naturally know." Sylra answered casually, then rode his floating cloud and drifted away.

The disciple said faintly. "Since Elder Sylra has spoken, you can follow us."

"Alright, sorry to trouble Senior Brother to lead the way!" Knox followed behind the disciple. Excitedly clenching his fists. Secretly gathering his strength and making up his mind.

He never expected that Heavens would be so benevolent and righteous as to give him such an opportunity.

Since the Heavens had not forsaken him, he definitely had to achieve some results. He would become the most outstanding and exceptional newcomer in the entire Divine Blade Sect!

"Hey, we’re here."

"Mm, thank you Senior..." Just as Knox was about to thank him, he saw the scene in front of him. His expression instantly changed. The corner of his mouth twitched slightly.

"Senior Brother, what... what is the meaning of this?"

Knox had thought this disciple was going to take him to his own personal cave dwelling.

But upon arriving and taking a look, what lay before him was a messy, chaotic large courtyard.

Dozens of people crammed onto a massive communal bed.

A group of burly, foot-picking men sitting together on the bed. Drinking wine and playing cards.

And what was placed around the corners of the walls wasn’t weapons or spiritual artifacts. It was brooms, dustpans, mops. All sorts of cleaning supplies.

Seeing the disciple who brought him turning around to leave, Knox hurriedly stepped forward to stop him.

"Senior Brother, didn’t Elder Sylra say to have your Myriad Transformations Peak take me in?"

"What is the meaning of bringing me here?!"

The disciple glanced at Knox. "Elder Sylra said to assign you to the Sanitation Department. I heard it with absolute clarity."

"This is our Myriad Transformations Peak’s Sanitation Department. The treatment here is much better than the Sanitation Departments of the other peaks. There’s even a monthly allowance of ten spirit stones."

"Right, you. Come here."

The disciple called out. A middle-aged man immediately rolled off the bed and jogged over. Bowing and scraping with a fawning smile. "Senior Brother, what are your orders?"

"This little guy was recommended to the Sanitation Department by Elder Sylra. Remember to take good care of him."

"Ah, you got it." He hurriedly nodded, laughing obsequiously.

"Rest assured, Senior Brother. I will definitely take good care of him!"

"Mm, go back to sleep." After casually giving the instruction, the disciple turned and left.

Just as Knox stood frozen in place, his face full of absolute doubt about his life choices, the middle-aged man casually waved his hand and threw a filthy, broken broom right at him. Cursing loudly.

"Brat, what are you spacing out for? Did you think you came here to enjoy blessings?"

"Hurry up and get your ass to work! Start by sweeping the cave dwellings of the two hundred Senior Brothers in the Northern District first!"

"Sweep... sweep the floor?" The corner of Knox’s mouth twitched slightly.

"Big Brother, didn’t that Senior Brother just tell you to take care of me?"

"Treating me like this, aren’t you afraid that I’ll..."

"What, you brat still want to snitch?" He raised an eyebrow and directly slapped Knox across the face with a resounding smack, sneering coldly.

"Let me tell you, in our Sanitation Department, taking care of someone means exactly these rules!"

"You offended Elder Sylra, yet you still want this old man to give you a good look? In your dreams!"

"What?" Knox clutched his cheek. His lips trembling with sheer anger.

"It is true that Elder Sylra introduced me here, but when have I ever offended him?!"

"Heh, if you didn’t offend Elder Sylra, why would he banish you to the Sanitation Department?" He cursed and swore.

"Cut the crap and hurry up and go sweep the floors for this old man. Otherwise, be careful that this old man doesn’t cripple you, you little whelp!"

"You... you are bullying people too much!" Knox flew into a furious rage, violently threw the broom onto the ground.

However, before he could fully erupt, the dozens of burly men on the bed all stood up. Tightly surrounding him in the center, and glaring at him with hostile expressions.

Facing such a massive group of muscular, brawny men, the anger Knox could no longer endure instantly dissipated completely.

He bent down, resentfully picked up the broom, and scurried off in disgrace to sweep the floors.