Chapter 111

"With this identity, you will definitely be able to sneak into the Divine Blade Sect and gather intelligence firsthand!"

Alex revealed a look of interest. "This idea isn’t bad."

"Speak, what identity?"

"The Eldest Young Master of the Lark family, Taryn Lark!" Blaze took a token out of his robes and handed it to Alex.

The token was carved from jade, with a squiggly word Lark engraved on it.

"A few days ago, the Lark family suddenly relocated their entire clan, leaving the Hundred Thousand Great Mountains."

"When the Lark family’s Eldest Young Master, Taryn Lark, was passing by my mountain peak, he stepped into a trap I set for catching demonic beasts. Which directly claimed his life on the spot."

"The Lark family was in a hurry to travel. Additionally, they feared my identity as a Hale family disciple. So they swallowed the bitter pill in silence and didn’t make a fuss."

"Most importantly, this Taryn’s appearance is almost exactly identical to how you looked in your youth, Saint Lord!"

"As long as the Saint Lord puts on a slight disguise, you can definitely use Taryn’s identity to successfully infiltrate the Divine Blade Sect!"

Alex nodded thoughtfully. "This idea is indeed good."

"However, I don’t know anything about the Lark family’s affairs. If I run into an acquaintance, won’t my cover be blown?"

"Hehe, Saint Lord, I planned for this long ago." Blaze took a jade slip from his robes and laughed.

"I’ve already extracted Taryn’s memories from his sea of consciousness and stored them all in this jade slip."

"As long as you memorize the contents, even if Taryn’s own father came back, your cover wouldn’t be blown!"

"You brat, you’ve considered things incredibly meticulously." Alex accepted the jade slip and smiled faintly.

"If I don’t adopt your suggestion, it would be a waste of all your hard preparation."

"Very well. I will disguise myself as Taryn, infiltrate the Divine Blade Sect, and investigate what’s going on!"

Blaze said seriously, "Saint Lord, please hurry up and change your clothes, put on your disguise, and get ready."

"This evening, several disciples from major families are set to join the Divine Blade Sect together."

"After you finish disguising yourself, head to the Inner Sect’s Feather Transformation Peak and wait for the Reception Elder to bring you all into the sect."

"Done. We’ll do exactly that."

...

Immediately, Alex set about disguising himself. He altered his appearance to look about two hundred years younger and changed into the clothes stripped straight off Taryn’s corpse.

On the way to Feather Transformation Peak, Alex reviewed Taryn’s memories in the jade slip while listening to Blaze introduce the dynamics of the Hundred Thousand Great Mountains.

Although the Hundred Thousand Great Mountains were a region of barren hills and turbulent rivers, there were also many prestigious aristocratic families. Each family basically occupied a single mountain peak.

The greater the family’s power, the larger the mountain territory they occupied, and the more abundant their supplies. Families with profound foundations and illustrious reputations occupied more than one peak.

The Divine Blade Sect was the greatest power in the Hundred Thousand Great Mountains. Therefore, it sat upon thirty Inner Sect peaks and three hundred Outer Sect peaks, boasting the most abundant resources.

Aside from the Divine Blade Sect, the most powerful were five major families: the Thorne family, the Cale family, the Fenn family, the Voss family, and the Lark family which had just moved away.

These families certainly couldn’t compare with Saint Lineages like the Hale family or the Blackwood family.

But they still occupied over fifty mountain peaks and possessed thousands of disciples.

In a place like the Hundred Thousand Great Mountains, they could already be considered minor local warlords.

Of course, no matter how these families developed, they could not shake the Divine Blade Sect’s status as absolute overlord.

The vast majority of these families would send their most outstanding juniors to the Divine Blade Sect to cultivate. Firstly, to learn actual skills. Secondly, it was equivalent to voluntarily sending a hostage to show goodwill and submission.

...

"Saint Lord, if we walk ten more miles ahead, we will reach Feather Transformation Peak," Blaze said seriously.

"I will not travel together with you, to prevent anyone from discovering us and blowing your cover."

"If any situation arises, contact me at any time using the communication jade slip."

"Even if this subordinate must risk his very life, I will absolutely protect the Saint Lord’s safety!"

"Blaze, there is no need to be so nervous." Alex laughed relaxedly.

"Let me ask you: what is the cultivation level of the Divine Blade Sect’s Master, Magnus?"

"Uh..." Blaze pondered for a moment and answered weakly.

"Half a year ago, he should have been at the third level of the Supreme Realm."

"Then what is the cultivation of the Divine Blade Sect’s strongest Ten Elders?"

"The weakest is at the seventh level of Mahayana, and the strongest is merely at the first level of the Supreme Realm..."

"Then isn’t that the answer?" Alex chuckled cheerfully.

"With my power, even washing the Divine Blade Sect in blood isn’t entirely impossible."

"So how could I possibly encounter any danger?"

"This..." Blaze was thoroughly shocked by Alex’s domineering words. His expression becoming incredibly complicated. Holding it in for a long time, he finally said weakly, "Saint Lord, the Divine Blade Sect is, for better or worse, the number one grand sect in the Southwestern region. They manage the order of the entire Hundred Thousand Great Mountains."

"If the Divine Blade Sect were to be washed in blood, these Hundred Thousand Great Mountains would inevitably fall into absolute chaos."

"So, how about... you just don’t slaughter the Divine Blade Sect?"

Alex couldn’t help but burst out laughing. "Alright, alright, rest assured. If something goes wrong, I will simply leave."

"Alright, you can just see me off here. Go back."

Alex waved his hand, dismissing Blaze. Carrying the Lark family token, he steered his floating cloud and surged forward. Disappearing from sight in the blink of an eye.

"Saint Lord, take care!" Looking at Alex’s receding back in the distance, Blaze shouted at the top of his lungs. Immediately after, he couldn’t help but mutter softly, "Divine Blade Sect... you guys take care too..."