Chapter 86

Joanna snorted lightly, saying with slight displeasure. "Saint Lord, aren’t you looking down on me a bit too much?"

"Couldn’t you just give me the entire cultivation method at once?"

"With the power of the Innate Poison Cloud, don’t tell me I can’t even master a single poison manipulation art..."

As she muttered this, she inspected the contents of the jade slip.

Instantly, she clamped her mouth shut. Utterly dumbfounded.

"A S-Supreme-tier cultivation method?!"

"Saint Lord, y-y-you... you think far too highly of me, don’t you?!"

Good heavens, what kind of concept was a Supreme-tier cultivation method?

The Hale family only possessed two Supreme-tier arts, one was the Rakshasa Water and Fire Art, the other was the Rakshasa Soul Searching Art.

Both were supreme cultivation methods that only the successive generations of Saint Lords were qualified to practice.

Even the Elders and Branch Family Heads could only practice Heaven and Earth-tier arts.

Yet now, the Saint Lord was actually handing over a Supreme-tier art he created to a measly junior at the Core Formation Realm like her.

If the Four Great Elders and the branch heads found out about this, every single one of them would vomit blood in sheer anger.

"What, you have no confidence?" Alex smiled faintly.

"If you lack confidence, then return this cultivation method to me. I will simply find someone else to practice it."

"I have confidence! I have confidence!" Joanna hurriedly nodded for all she was worth, saying solemnly.

"Saint Lord, rest assured!"

"Even if I don’t eat or sleep every day, I will definitely comprehend this Heavenly Thoroughfare Vicious Poison Art and absolutely never betray the Saint Lord’s trust!"

"Good, do your best. I have high hopes for you!" Alex patted Joanna’s shoulder, nodding with a satisfied smile.

Immediately after, he casually tossed a Heaven and Earth-tier spiritual artifact he had just redeemed for 3,000 Providence Points to Joanna.

"This Poison King Gourd can absorb various heavenly materials and earthly treasures, automatically refining them into pure toxic juice to aid your cultivation."

"It can also expel the accumulated toxins in various forms to be used as a combat artifact."

"From this day forward, the title of the Hale family’s Number One Poison Master belongs to you."

"You must grow up quickly and bear the responsibility of this title!"

After pouring a few more bowls of motivational poisonous chicken soup into her ears, Alex left Joanna there and departed alone on his cloud.

On the way back, Alex hummed a little tune. His mood was exceptionally joyful.

The reason he absolutely had to leave Joanna here was, on one hand, to let her gain experience independently.

After all, Joanna now possessed two top-tier fortuitous encounters: the Innate Poison King Saint Body and the Profound Ice Blue Moon Hairpin.

If she wasn’t groomed to realize her talent as soon as possible, it would truly be a reckless waste of heavenly treasures. Alex believed it wouldn’t be long before the Providence Points he invested would yield a massive return.

The Hale family would also gain a top-tier combat powerhouse soaring above the Four Great Elders, second only to himself.

Furthermore, there was another even more important reason.

That was to further plunder the luck right off Knox’s body.

Alex had thought about it carefully.

Inside the Void Domain Cave Heaven, Knox originally obtained two heaven-defying fortuitous encounters.

The first was finding the Millennium Flower Demon who followed him for three lifetimes and died for him without regret.

The second was a piece of Eternal Divine Iron.

In the original novel, after Knox cultivated to the Nascent Soul Realm, he prepared to leave the Void Domain Cave Heaven.

On the very night he decided to set off, a meteor shower suddenly descended from the sky, setting the entire blessed land ablaze in a raging sea of fire.

Knox used all his strength to finally stop the fire, preventing it from being reduced to ashes. All the meteors turned to ash and drifted away with the seawater. Except for the largest meteor among them.

No matter how wildly he bombarded it, it remained utterly indestructible.

Ultimately, to help Knox crack open the meteor, Helen expended her lifespan to transform into the Divine Axe.

With her help, Knox split the meteor open with a single axe strike. From inside, he obtained a block of Eternal Divine Iron.

Eternal Divine Iron was an absolutely indispensable material for forging Emperor-tier weapons. Without enough of it, even the greatest master blacksmiths could only forge Supreme-tier weapons at best.

And what Knox obtained was the absolute cream of the crop, the Five-Spirit Eternal Divine Iron.

It harbored the spirits of the five elements: metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. Truly a treasure rarely seen in ten thousand years.

Knox took this Five-Spirit Eternal Divine Iron and left. In the next dungeon instance, he accidentally encountered the Heavenly Flame Dynasty’s number one blacksmith, Tarin Ironveil. Using this iron, he forged a set of High-Grade Saint-tier armor and a Lower-Grade Emperor-tier weapon.

This armor and weapon were essentially Knox’s early-game graduation equipment.

After obtaining this gear, he practically enjoyed smooth sailing all the way. Never suffering another major setback. He wore this set until the late stages of the novel before finally needing an upgrade.

If Knox managed to get his hands on this Eternal Divine Iron, it would be an instant, desperate comeback. Trading in a pistol for a rocket launcher. All the luck Alex had previously plundered would be completely in vain.

Once Knox equipped that graduation gear, trying to kill him would practically be an idiot’s daydream.

That was exactly why Alex used a mix of coaxing and deception to make Joanna stay. Along with Helen, he had left two powerful chess pieces behind in the Void Domain Cave Heaven.

No matter the cost, he absolutely could not let Knox obtain that Eternal Divine Iron. Even if they had to rob him blind, they had to snatch it right back to the Hale family.

Alex left Joanna and Helen in the Void Domain Cave Heaven and returned to the Hale family’s holy land himself.

On the way back, he was constantly deep in thought.