Chapter 299

Late at night, the moonlight hung high in the sky.

Yet within the Hale family Holy Land, it was still incredibly lively and noisy.

Normally, there were only two or three thousand young disciples in the Holy Land. But tonight, guests from various families, sects, and dynasties had gathered here, and the small Holy Land accommodated a full six to seven thousand people.

Many were looking forward to tomorrow’s grand ceremony, so excited they tossed and turned, unable to sleep. This naturally caused the Holy Land to become as bustling as a city that never sleeps.

Within a dark thicket of trees, a streak of electric current materialized out of thin air.

The next second, the current permeated into a thick black mist, transforming into a physical human form.

It was exactly the Thunder Ghost King, crawling on the ground in a prone position.

"Heh, the defense of this Hale family Holy Land is truly lax, to actually not even have a family protection formation." The Thunder Ghost King narrowed his eyes, licked his lips, and a chilling sneer curled at the corners of his mouth.

"It seems today, this King can go on a killing spree and enjoy myself to the fullest."

He was not familiar with the terrain of the Hale family, so he did not act rashly.

Instead, he lay prone in the grass, waiting for some unlucky soul to pass by so he could drag them into the undergrowth, annihilate, and devour them.

His mission today was to act as bait.

Create panic in the Hale family to lure Alex back.

Since he wanted to create panic, he naturally had to maintain enough mystery first. Make the entire Hale family panic-stricken from top to bottom, enveloping everyone in fear, to the point where even children would not dare cry at night.

He was like a scheming evil wolf, hiding in the dense forest, patiently waiting for prey to walk right into the trap.

After about the time it takes an incense stick to burn, he finally saw two people walking over from a distance.

"Hehe, the first unlucky ghost is finally here!" A savage sneer curled at his mouth. Ghost qi lingered in his palm, and he was preparing to strike.

However, the next second, he sensed something was not right and suppressed the ghost qi back inside.

The two people walking toward him were burly men.

One was draped in bear skin, with a tiger pelt tied around his waist and a wolf fang necklace around his neck. The other was bare-chested with mid-length hair and a domineering moon tattooed on his chest.

Both were tall and sturdy with well-developed muscles, like two walking devilish musclemen.

The auras radiating from their bodies were shockingly both at the Third Level of the Supreme Realm.

It was exactly the Hundred Beasts Sect Master, Brook, and the Moon Brilliance Sect Master, Renis.

Brook patted Renis on the shoulder and asked with a grin. "Brother Renis, what gift did you prepare for Saint Lord Alex?"

Although Renis had a burly physique, his mind was as fine as a hair. He asked back. "Tsk, what did Brother Brook prepare?"

"Aiya, we have already arrived at their Holy Land, and the grand ceremony starts tomorrow. Is there still a need to hide it?" Brook waved his hand dismissively.

"Fine, I will tell you first!"

"I specifically teamed up with three elders to jointly hunt down a Supreme Realm Demonic Flood Dragon! I am preparing to present it to Saint Lord Alex tomorrow!"

Hearing this, Renis was instantly stunned. "Brother Brook, you are truly investing your life’s savings!"

"A Demonic Flood Dragon’s entire body is full of treasures. From the dragon scales and dragon horns, to the dragon heart, dragon blood, and dragon sinews, they are all Supreme-tier weapon forging and alchemy materials!"

"Such a Supreme Realm Demonic Flood Dragon, dedicated entirely to Saint Lord Alex. He will inevitably form an ironclad alliance with your Hundred Beasts Sect!"

Brook asked curiously. "Brother Renis, what about you?"

"Me? I am not as grand as you." Renis smiled. "I merely brought ten of our Moon Brilliance Sect’s Star-Moon Tricolor Stones."

Hearing this, Brook could not help but be stunned. "My heavens, Brother Renis, you are the one investing your life’s savings!"

"The Star-Moon Tricolor Stone is the sacred relic of your Moon Brilliance Sect. Only one can be nurtured every two hundred years."

"Moreover, it is known as a lower-tier Hibiscus Sacred Fruit. It can allow any cultivator below the peak of the Supreme Realm to advance a minor realm!"

"In your entire Moon Brilliance Sect, there are at most only twenty left. Yet you took half to present to Saint Lord Alex."

"Your Moon Brilliance Sect will inevitably become the Hale family’s closest allied sect!"

"Hahahahaha, I guess we are on par with each other." Brook and Renis smiled confidently, walking away unhurriedly with their hands behind their backs.

Watching the two men retreat into the distance, traces of cold sweat broke out on the Thunder Ghost King’s forehead.

"My heavens..."

"How could there be such powerhouses within this Hale family Holy Land?"

Although his strength had reached the peak of the Supreme Realm, making him stronger than Brook and Renis, as a ghost cultivator without the geographical advantage of the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range, he was already at a massive disadvantage.

Right now, he could at most instantly finish off cultivators below the Mahayana Realm.

Those who had reached the Mahayana Realm could exchange a couple of blows with him.

And people like Brook and Renis had not only reached the Supreme Realm, but clearly possessed rare treasures.

If he wanted to finish off these two, he would inevitably endure a bitter struggle. His concealment would be exposed, drawing others rushing over. That would be extremely dangerous.

The Thunder Ghost King wiped his cold sweat with lingering trepidation. Fortunately, he had reacted in time and had not acted rashly.

Otherwise, if he had really made a move, not only would the bait mission fail, but he, one of the dignified Four Great Ghost Kings, would very likely perish in the Hale family.

That would be a massive loss of face, reducing him to the laughingstock of the world.