Chapter 63

"Oh, Dad, relax!" Joanna waved her hand and laughed.

"With the Saint Lord there, I will definitely be fine!"

"Exactly." Alex smiled faintly.

"Dealing with that Knox won’t require any real effort."

"I simply had a mind to take Joanna out to see the world and gain some experience."

"What is it, Adrian? Are you worried?"

Feeling Alex’s interrogating gaze, Adrian shivered slightly and hurriedly shook his head.

"No, no! For the Saint Lord to be willing to take Joanna out to gain experience is this girl’s absolute blessing."

"With the Saint Lord’s abilities, crushing Knox to death will be as effortless as blowing away dust."

"How could this subordinate... possibly be worried?"

"That is good." Alex nodded with a satisfied smile, turning to Joanna.

"Joanna, hurry back and pack your luggage."

"In one hour, you will set off with me to the Five Poisons Valley!"

Watching Alex turn and walk away with suave, confident strides, Adrian’s expression was incredibly complicated. He spoke to Joanna with bitter earnestness.

"Daughter, while following the Saint Lord out this time, you absolutely must be careful."

"Whether you achieve any merits or not doesn’t matter. You must come back alive. Do you understand?"

"Dad, what on earth are you worried about?" Joanna said with a beaming smile.

"The Saint Lord is a mighty powerhouse at the seventh level of the Supreme Realm. An existence with scarcely any rivals in the world."

"Following right by the Saint Lord’s side, what kind of accident could possibly happen?"

Seeing his daughter’s confident, completely at-ease appearance, Adrian felt a wave of despair. Wanting to cry but having no tears.

Silly girl, what do you know?

It was naturally true that the Saint Lord’s cultivation was profoundly high and his strength unmatched. But his ruthless, merciless nature was equally world-renowned.

In the past, every time the Saint Lord took family disciples out to execute missions, there was never a single time where everyone returned safely.

Especially that time a hundred years ago. The family was in deep financial crisis and couldn’t make ends meet. The Saint Lord had taken three thousand disciples out to execute missions.

Only half returned.

He had practically used the lives of family disciples to exchange for spirit stones to survive the disaster.

With the Saint Lord’s unfathomable, tyrannical prestige, he absolutely would not cherish anyone’s life.

However, looking at his daughter’s highly enthusiastic appearance, Adrian could only pray silently. Hoping her fortune was great and her destiny strong.

...

Alex made another trip to the Dragon Imprisonment Cave, exchanging for some Demonic Tiger meat to ensure the Obsidian Jade Dragon had ample food.

After his previous round of training, the dragon had noticeably become much more obedient. In front of Alex, it was like a little puppy. Docile. Submissive. Head low, eyes lowered.

However, when it was taking massive bites and tearing into the Demonic Tiger meat, one could still deeply feel its terrifying, innate wildness.

Alex calculated silently. This Obsidian Jade Dragon was his absolute bottom-of-the-box trump card. Unless forced by circumstances, he could not easily expose it.

In the original novel, Alex had similarly poured massive resources into cultivating it. But because he couldn’t stop bragging, he allowed Knox to learn of its weakness ahead of time.

The very first time it appeared on the battlefield, it was directly wiped out by the protagonist.

Its first battle was its final battle. It picked up its lunchbox the moment it debuted.

Now, having witnessed the dragon’s power with his own eyes, Alex couldn’t help but sigh.

The original Alex was truly a reckless waster of heavenly treasures. To throw away such a ridiculously overpowered combat asset for nothing? You fucking deserved to die and have your entire clan exterminated.

The Obsidian Jade Dragon’s strength could entirely ignore the gap of an entire major cultivation realm.

At Core Formation, it could kill Nascent Soul powerhouses.

At Enlightenment, it could kill Void Amalgamation powerhouses.

At Mahayana, it could kill Supreme powerhouses.

Alex had already made up his mind. Before it reached the Supreme Realm, the Obsidian Jade Dragon would absolutely not recklessly take action.

And once it broke through to the Supreme Realm under his meticulous grooming, it would be able to incinerate the Heavenly Flame Empress into a pile of ash with a single breath of dragon fire.

"Little dragon, oh little dragon, eat up and quickly grow stronger." Alex stroked its massive head, eyes filled with a doting smile.

"Hurry up and grow strong so you can properly show respect to your dad!"

...

One hour later, Alex took Joanna and left the holy land. Summoning an auspicious cloud, they rode the mist and soared into the sky, heading straight for the Five Poisons Valley.

For Joanna, this was the first time she had ever left the holy land since she was born. Soaring through the sky, the cool breeze brushing against her face. She felt incredibly curious and amazed by everything.

Unable to hold back, she asked excitedly. "Saint Lord, will we encounter any danger on our trip to the Five Poisons Valley?"

"Relax." Alex smiled faintly. "With me here, there won’t be any danger."

"...Oh." Joanna nodded, looking a little disappointed.

"So the Saint Lord bringing me out isn’t because I can be of help?"

"Then doesn’t that make me just a burden?"

Seeing Joanna’s disappointed appearance, Alex was caught between laughing and crying.

Why was this girl actually hoping for danger? Like a mouse teasing a cat. Actively looking for a thrill.

The main reason Alex had brought Joanna along was largely due to a lingering regret from the original novel.

In the original story, Joanna was a genuinely good kid. Even within the Hale family, the officially designated villain faction of the novel, she was like a lotus rising from the mud unsoiled. Pure and innocent.

However, simply because she was a disciple of the Hale family and the daughter of the Second Elder, the author had practically doomed her to a tragic fate.