Chapter 179

This organ-sharing ability, coupled with their bizarre individual divine abilities, made these three Evil Buddhas exceptionally difficult to deal with.

In the original novel, this caused the crowd of experts from the Saint Lineages to suffer quite a few massive losses.

Ultimately, it was only under Knox’s wise leadership that their abilities were cracked one by one. Allowing them to be defeated individually.

But at this very moment, to Alex, this so-called organ-sharing ability was completely meaningless.

The power of the Vault of Divine Magatama was sufficient to launch a devastating bombardment against all three Evil Buddhas simultaneously.

The field of vision before the three Evil Buddhas’ eyes was completely obscured by the sky-filling barrage of light bullets from the Vault of Divine Magatama.

They couldn’t devour any living beings through the Anger Buddha to heal their injuries. Couldn’t rely on the grotesque appendages on the Delusion Buddha to resist or counterattack.

Basically, it amounted to sharing disaster equally.

"Three Buddhas, do you understand now?" Alex raised his chin slightly, mocking.

"In the face of an absolute gap in strength, any cursed or bizarre moves are of no avail."

"For the three of you to want to make an enemy of me, you are still far too early!"

The three Evil Buddhas offered absolutely no response.

Because the three thousand mouths on the Anger Buddha’s body were all too busy defending against the bombardment of the Vault of Divine Sword Jades.

It couldn’t even spare a single mouth to hurl sarcasm back at Alex.

After a round of bombardment, the dense intent permeating the entire Remnant Buddha Cliff was mostly blasted away. Replacing it was a fierce, piercing sword intent deeply embedded into the crevices of the rock wall.

The three Evil Buddhas were entirely covered in densely packed golden specks of light.

Every single speck of light represented a place where their bodies had been pierced by a Vault of Divine Magatama.

These specks of light left on the enemy’s body could suppress their dantian. To a certain extent imprisoning the enemy’s spiritual energy.

This turned the enemy into fish and meat on a chopping block. Leaving them without the slightest power to resist. Allowing the user to mold them round or flatten them flat however they pleased.

Aside from the specks of light, the three Evil Buddhas themselves had also suffered extremely severe injuries.

Half of the three thousand eyes on the Greed Buddha’s body had been pierced through by the magatama. Turning into empty, gaping holes. Among the remaining half, quite a few had been blinded by the dazzling golden light. Turning it completely blind with its eyes wide open.

The mouths all over the Anger Buddha’s body were all spitting out fresh blood.

An unknown number of teeth had been shattered, causing broken fangs to float all around it.

And the Delusion Buddha was once again the most miserable of them all. In order to save its life just now, more than half of the grotesque appendages on its body had been blown up by the jade swords.

And these appendages were not just ordinary appendages.

After being blown up, the souls and spirits stored within them were liberated along with them. Floating into mid-air. This caused the Delusion Buddha’s entire body to emit billowing white light mist. Making it look as if it had been thoroughly steamed.

"How could a mortal cultivator of the current era possess two Saint-tier supreme treasures?!" The Greed Buddha’s expression was full of terror.

The Anger Buddha said with a trembling voice. "You... just who exactly are you..."

"What, you still don’t recognize me?" Alex smiled slightly, circulated his spiritual energy with a thought. Summoned the Six Paths Wheel.

Immediately after, he reached back and drew out the brilliantly shining Vault of Divine World-Destroying Sword.

"Then let me use this to help you recall."

Feeling the chilling aura of absolute killing intent radiating from the Vault of Divine World-Destroying Sword, which made the sword intent between heaven and earth boil and surge...

The Anger Buddha’s entire body abruptly shuddered once again, suddenly achieving a flash of realization.

"The Vault of Divine Mirror, the Vault of Divine Magatama, and the Vault of Divine World-Destroying Sword..."

"You... you are the founding patriarch of the Divine Blade Sect, the Evergreat Sword Ancestor?!"

Alex smiled slightly, nodded his head heavily.

"Exactly this old man!"

The reason why, ever since entering the Secret Realm until battling the three Evil Buddhas, he had only used the Vault of Divine Mirror, the Vault of Divine Magatama, and the Vault of Divine World-Destroying Sword was precisely to create this exact effect at this very moment.

Behind the three Buddhas of Greed, Anger, and Delusion stood the Ancient Phoenix King.

Even if they were merely the evil thoughts the Ancient Phoenix King had no choice but to discard in order to ascend to the Immortal Realm, they were ultimately still a part of the Ancient Phoenix King.

Aside from this, there was another reason.

He could deceive the heavens to cross the sea and enter the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm. Hiding it from Lily and Aurelia.

But after decapitating Greed, Anger, and Delusion, it would be impossible to hide it from the Ancient Phoenix King.

Although according to the laws of the Immortal Realm, the Ancient Phoenix King, as a Saint who had already vindicated his Dao, could not arbitrarily descend to the lower realm to deal with a mortal like him, it would still add a thorny, formidable enemy for Alex in the near future.

Right now, he had already reached the ninth level of the Supreme Realm.

Only a inch away from the Saint Realm.

For someone sitting on the Providence Mall like him, vindicating his Dao to enter Sanctification and ascending to the Immortal Realm was merely a matter of time.

In the original novel, Alex never had the opportunity to achieve Sanctification and ascend to the heavens. He was annihilated by Knox in the mortal realm.

Therefore, after achieving Sanctification, Alex would lose his omniscient reader’s perspective and his absolute control over the plot. He would only be able to rely on the plotlines of Knox’s time in the Immortal Realm from the original novel to maintain a slight informational advantage.

If, before achieving Sanctification, he prematurely forged a blood feud with a powerful Saint in the Immortal Realm who was at the half-step Emperor Realm, it would undoubtedly be extremely unwise.

Therefore, Alex had resolutely decided to throw this massive scapegoat pot squarely onto the Evergreat Sword Ancestor’s back!