Chapter 294

With these three great supreme treasures tucked safely in his embrace, Alex’s heart was filled with endless joy.

"Saint Lord Alex, actually, I originally planned to gift these Fire God Hero’s Wings to you anyway." Aurelia smiled faintly.

"As for the Divine Wood Starry Sky Armor and the Raging Sea Heavenly Nether Holy Sword, they were originally intended to be gifted to Saint Lord Alistair and Saint Lord Malakai."

"I know." Alex nodded, smiling faintly.

"It is only to blame that Brother Alistair and Brother Malakai lack the good fortune, resulting in me taking advantage instead."

He had guessed long ago that given Aurelia’s proud, arrogant, and competitive personality, she would absolutely never allow herself to owe others a debt of gratitude.

Their three great families helped the Heavenly Flame Dynasty pacify the rebellion and even saved her life. In order to repay this favor, her thank-you gifts would absolutely not be light.

It was only to blame that Alistair and Malakai were too narrow-minded and short-sighted, completely unable to hold their tempers.

Otherwise, the two of them could have each obtained a spiritual artifact sufficient to be passed down as a family heirloom to future generations. It was thanks to them not showing up that all three great supreme treasures ended up belonging to him.

This filled the only current disadvantage Alex had: physical combat. Holding the Six Paths Wheel of Destruction Technique, with the Animal Path, Asura Path, and Hungry Ghost Path, he could basically be considered an invincible existence.

The only thing that could be considered a weakness was engaging in close-quarters physical combat without using magical treasures or divine abilities.

Of course, his physical combat abilities were also top-tier in the current world, and if they weren’t top-tier enough, relying on the Providence Points currently held in his hands to redeem a Saint-tier physical combat technique would be more than sufficient. His flaw was not in the hardware, but in the software.

He didn’t have any handy weapons or tools on his body.

The most frequently used spiritual treasure was that Rakshasa Demon Umbrella. Therefore, under certain specific circumstances, such as within the Azure Dragon Valley covered by the Sword God’s restrictive barrier, where cultivation was limited to the Body Tempering realm and spiritual treasures couldn’t be used, he appeared somewhat stretched thin.

He didn’t expect that today, Aurelia would actually directly gift him a whole set of equipment. Armor, a weapon, and even wings for his back, all of which could exert their power without needing to use spiritual energy.

From today onwards, he was basically a fully equipped warrior with absolutely no flaws or weaknesses to speak of.

"Your Majesty the Empress, come." Thinking of this, Alex’s heart became even more joyful. He raised his cup with a smile.

"I offer you another toast!"

The two pushed cups and exchanged glasses, chatting cheerfully and humorously, acting quite intimate with one another.

After three rounds of wine, Alex suddenly thought of something. "Just now, listening to the introductions of the three Princesses, the origins of these three great treasures are all related to the Outer Realm Demonic Race. This mysterious Outer Realm cracks existing above the Heavenly Flame Capital is ultimately a hidden danger."

Aurelia’s eyes dimmed slightly, and she sighed softly. "Saint Lord Alex’s words are extremely correct. As early as the time of our founding monarch, His Majesty the Ancient Phoenix King, this cracks has already existed."

"Precisely because of this, the Ancient Phoenix King resolutely decided to build the Heavenly Flame Capital directly beneath it. His intention was to have the descendants of the Emberhal Imperial Family eternally guard this ominous crack, ensuring the common people of the world remained safe and sound."

Alex nodded thoughtfully. "This Ancient Phoenix King truly was a person who kept the world in his heart and loved the common people as his own children."

Thinking about it carefully, when he impersonated the Three Evil Buddhas back then, killed the Saint Lords of the various Saint Lineage families, and then framed the Ancient Phoenix King, it was indeed a bit unrighteous.

Aurelia sighed. "It’s just that this action brought suffering to the common people of the Heavenly Flame Capital. Over these years, every thousand years or so, a disaster would descend from within the crack, causing tens of thousands of common people to lose their lives."

"Fortunately, three thousand years ago, this crack was sealed by my Imperial Father at the cost of his life. Only then did the common people obtain three thousand years of stability. It’s just that how long this stability can be maintained is still unknown."

The two drank a few more cups, and Aurelia continued with emotion. "Speaking of the most severe disaster, it was twenty thousand years ago, when hundreds of Giant Demons descended from the sky through the crack."

"Those Giant Demons all possessed infinite, freakish strength and were invulnerable to swords and spears. They treated the common people of the Heavenly Flame Capital as prey, wantonly hunting and feeding upon them."

"Fortunately, the reigning monarch at the time, His Majesty Vane, was the expert most skilled in wood-controlling techniques among all the successive monarchs of the Heavenly Flame Dynasty."

"He directly used the Wooden Man Technique to summon hundreds of Divine Wood Giants, engaging in a life-and-death struggle with the Giant Demons. Coupled with other experts assisting from the sidelines, they finally ended this battle."

"In that battle, over eighty thousand common people died, over two hundred thousand were severely injured, and the experts of the Heavenly Flame Imperial Family also suffered heavy casualties."

"If His Majesty Vane hadn’t been on the throne at that time, or if he hadn’t been at his peak, I’m afraid the entire Heavenly Flame Capital would not have escaped the fate of being bathed in blood by the Giant Demon Race."

Mentioning the Giant Demon Race, a trace of interest flowed through Alex’s eyes. He asked with a smile. "If I remember correctly, is it true that even up until now, there are still dozens of Giant Demons imprisoned in the dungeon of the Heavenly Flame Dynasty?"

"Exactly." Aurelia nodded with a faint smile.

"To outsiders, we must keep it a secret, but there is no need to hide it from Saint Lord Alex."