Chapter 238

"In the past, they were busy every single day, unwilling to visit Broken Sword Peak even once in hundreds of years."

"What is going on today? One comes to plant vegetables, another comes to catch fish, and another comes to cry at a grave..."

Sylra sulked for a moment before suddenly realizing. "So that’s how it is..."

"These bastards aren’t coming for me. They’re coming for Taryn and that Aya..."

"Heh, truly a bunch of old foxes who never rise early without a profit."

Sylra narrowed his eyes and pondered briefly, a sinister smile curled at the corners of his mouth.

He unhurriedly turned around and walked out of the woods with his hands behind his back.

Outside the woods, Loris, Blake, and Aerin stood together. Meanwhile, Nerin, Lorin, and Torin stood on the other side.

All six people had their heads lowered, looking eagerly at Sylra like children who had done something wrong.

Sylra stood before them with his hands behind his back, smiling with deep interest.

"You several Great Peak Masters, who normally manage ten thousand affairs a day, all ran over to my place early this morning. What noble business do you have?"

"Senior Brother Sylra, we... we don’t mean anything else." Aerin laughed awkwardly.

"It’s just that over these years, we haven’t managed to find the time to come see you. So we specifically came to visit today..."

"Heh, save it." Sylra sneered coldly.

"The way I see it, you fundamentally didn’t come to see this old man."

"Rather, you want to curry favor with me so that I’ll put in a good word for you in front of Taryn and Aya, right?"

Seeing their intentions exposed, the crowd was instantly left speechless, having no choice but to nod with awkward smiles.

Sylra said faintly, "If you want to curry favor with this old man, you can just say it directly. No need to beat around the bush."

"However, I will tell you in advance. Taryn and Aya are two children with very strong minds of their own."

"Even if I say something to them, it might not necessarily have any effect. Understand?"

"We understand, we understand." They nodded hurriedly.

Torin patted his chest with righteous indignation. "Senior Brother Sylra, your words are straying too far!"

"Even if you don’t speak up for us, as Junior Brothers, it is only right that we show filial piety to our Senior Brother. How could we possibly be like those treacherous mortal merchants who never rise early without a profit?"

Sylra sneered secretly in his heart.

Your mouth is the sharpest, Torin. You speak better than you sing.

If it weren’t for this old man coincidentally taking in two such excellent disciples, would you all have swarmed over like a hive of bees? Even if I laid out a gluttonous feast and sent an invite, you still might not come to give me a second glance.

In his heart, Sylra fundamentally had no intention of interfering with Alex and Aya’s choices. However, it was rare for these old foxes to all swarm to his place today.

It wouldn’t hurt to take advantage of this opportunity to properly fleece them.

Immediately, Sylra pondered briefly. "If you want to show filial piety to this old man, there’s no need for so much trouble."

"You all should know that ever since that time in the past, when Broken Sword Peak’s entire body of disciples lost their lives and the peak was razed to the ground in order to fend off that Demonic Star Meteorite from the outer realms, it has never been able to recover."

"Over these years, although this old man has lived the life of an idle cloud and wild crane, it’s not that I haven’t thought about reviving Broken Sword Peak."

"If you could rebuild Broken Sword Peak for this old man, adding some bricks and tiles, I will definitely remember your kindness and properly repay you in the future."

Hearing these words, the elders looked at each other, every single one revealing a look of bewilderment.

"Rebuild... Broken Sword Peak?"

Immediately, it was Aerin who was the first to react. He said excitedly, "Senior Brother Sylra, I understand!"

"You wait here. I will return to my Spirit Artisan Peak right now. I will go and return shortly!"

Seeing Aerin look as if he had been suddenly enlightened before flying away on his sword at top speed, the rest of the elders instantly all woke up as if from a dream.

Right! What was needed to rebuild Broken Sword Peak? Resources, spirit stones, secret manuals, spiritual artifacts, disciples. Didn’t Sylra’s words mean he wanted them to provide these things? And these things were exactly what they had in abundance.

"Senior Brother Sylra, wait for me!"

"I’ll go back right now and return shortly!"

"Hahaha, my Peak is closest to Broken Sword Peak. The first one back will definitely be me!"

"Holy shit, you brat, stop right there!"

Watching the crowd leave in a frantic rush, scrambling over each other, Sylra pinched his thigh to forcefully suppress his laughter, holding it in until his face flushed red and his leg was almost pinched purple.

Only after everyone had left did he finally lose control, throwing his head back and laughing loudly.

"Huahahahaha, to be able to make you old foxes willingly burn so much wealth... truly rare, truly rare!"

"Good, good, good. This old man wants to see exactly what kind of price you are willing to pay to curry favor with me!"

Originally, Sylra held the attitude of just teasing these people, playing a game. However, after about an hour passed, he was instantly dumbfounded.

The closest one, Lorin, was the first to return from his Peak, he took off the storage ring from his finger.

Immediately, he directly poured out over five hundred cultivation methods from the storage ring, piling them up into a small mountain in front of Sylra.

The vast majority were Heaven and Earth-tier cultivation methods, suitable for 90% of a peak’s disciples to practice.

And at the very top, there was a Low-Grade Supreme-tier cultivation method, as well as a High-Grade Heaven and Earth-tier cultivation method, all of extraordinary tiers.