Chapter 128

"No wonder Fiora died by your hands."

Alex asked with deep interest, "Miss, how may I address you?"

"Zella!" She shouted it like a death sentence.

"Taryn Lark, today is the day you die!"

"Go to hell!"

As the second-ranked disciple of Heaven-Turning Peak, Zella’s cultivation far surpassed Fiora’s. Mid-stage Nascent Soul Realm. At this moment, fueled by killing intent, the blade in her hand overflowed with brilliant light. Murderous aura blasting forward in a torrent.

"Sword Sun Slash!"

Facing the sharp killing intent within the flowing light, Alex merely stood there with arms crossed, Expressionless.

He had absolutely no intention of blocking. As if he had completely given up on defending himself.

"Die!"

Boom!

Zella swung her sword. The energy struck Alex’s body dead-on. A massive, resounding explosion, heavy layers of smoke billowing outward in every direction.

A confident sneer curled at the corners of her mouth, ferocious, assured. She unhurriedly sheathed her sword, acting as if Alex was already a dead man.

But a few seconds later, the smoke was dispersed by a majestic, boundless sword intent.

The ground had been blasted into a shallow crater. Jagged fissures cracking open in every direction from Zella’s domineering strike.

But Alex, standing at the exact center of the explosion, was completely unharmed. Head to toe, even the robes on his body remained spotless. Not a single speck of dust.

"You... how could you possibly take my strongest killing move completely unscathed?!" Sheer terror flooded Zella’s face. Then something clicked, she screamed in shock.

"I know!"

"It must be Master Sylra who gave you some fortuitous encounter!"

"Otherwise, based on a piece of trash like you who lacks the strength to even kill a chicken, how could you possibly take my Sword Sun Slash?!"

A strange light flashed through Alex’s eyes. "So that old geezer is Sylra, one of the Ten Sword Elders?"

As the number one sword sect in the Hundred Thousand Great Mountains, the Divine Blade Sect’s status was partly due to its long history and profound foundation.

On the other hand, it was because they had ten top-tier experts holding down the fort. No one had been able to shake their overlord status for hundreds of years.

These ten experts were collectively known as the Ten Divine Blade Elders. The head was naturally the old friend of the Heavenly Flame Empress, Master Vincent, whom Knox was currently coming to seek refuge with.

Although Sylra ranked last among the Ten Elders, he had the oldest seniority in the entire Divine Blade Sect. A full generation older than Sect Master Magnus himself.

No wonder he could single-handedly hold the important post of guarding Broken Sword Peak.

"Taryn, you lowly dog!" Zella shrieked.

"You killed my junior sister Fiora, yet you dare drag out an ignoble existence by kneeling and licking Grandpa Sylra?!"

"I will definitely inform the Sect Master! I’ll have him shatter your dantian, break your four limbs, and make it so you can never turn your life around for all eternity!"

Zella was much smarter than Fiora, seeing that her Sword Sun Slash couldn’t do anything to Alex, she knew killing him was impossible.

So after dropping her threat, she turned to leave. Not greedy for a fight she couldn’t win.

But with such a rare, ready-made punching bag delivering itself to his door to test his new cultivation method... how could Alex possibly let her off?

"Six Paths Wheel of Destruction Art, Asura Path!"

"Purple Cloud Demon Sword!"

The Six Paths Wheels manifested in the world. Blinding white light shot outward, illuminating Zella, leaving her entirely unable to move a single inch.

Under her terrified gaze, Alex slowly waved his hand, casual, unhurried.

He pulled a demonic sword from within the wheel, entirely deep purple in color.

"This... this sword is..." Zella’s expression changed abruptly and terror flooding her voice.

"The Purple Cloud Demon Sword that was stolen by Evil Sword and tempered with the power of evil spirits?!"

"This... this is impossible!"

"The Purple Cloud Demon Sword was destroyed by the combined efforts of several elders after Evil Sword was suppressed and killed!"

"It has long been a piece of scrap iron. How could it possibly appear here?!"

Alex raised his chin slightly. A mocking smile on his lips. "You little girl, you actually know quite a bit about the Divine Blade Sect’s past."

"Very well. Then I shall bestow upon you the honor of being the first to die under this sword."

He stroked the blade with his index and middle fingers. Bursts of intense purple light lingered around it. In an instant, the sword blade vanished. Condensing into eighteen swords billowing with purple mist.

Under the dual illumination of purple and white light, Zella felt a chill pierce straight to her marrow. Her entire body trembled violently.

Yet she was completely unable to move.

"Heavens, so that’s how it is..."

"You... you are the successor of Evil Sword! You infiltrated my Divine Blade Sect just to avenge him, right?!"

Feeling her life threatened, Zella screamed hoarsely. "Taryn, I warn you, you cannot kill me!"

"I am the second-ranked disciple of Heaven-Turning Peak! Master Rorin’s highly valued direct disciple! In the future, I am meant to inherit his mantle and skills!"

"If you kill me, my master Rorin, as well as Master Vincent, and the Sect Master... they will absolutely not let you off!"

Alex raised his chin. A playful smile curling on his lips.

"Is that so?"

"Many thanks for the reminder."

"Since that is the case, I have even less reason to let you leave. Lest you achieve success in the future and come back to make an enemy out of me."

"Go!"

Imitating the Evil Sword from the illusion, Alex used his mental energy to shoot the swords out.

With a sickening squelch, Zella was pierced through her chest, abdomen, throat, and every vital point on her body by the eighteen swords.

Immediately after, just like the commoners swept by the swords in the illusion, her body began to hemorrhage wildly. A sudden, violent death.

Alex secretly pondered. Although he had already mastered it, his proficiency was far inferior to the creator, Evil Sword.