Chapter 211

"Elder, you... why don’t you believe my words?"

"He truly is Alex! If you don’t capture him, it will result in a disastrous consequence of heavenly proportions!"

"Somebody come! Quickly, somebody come!"

Anxious in his heart, Knox directly shouted and screamed like a madman.

Loris frowned, not having time to stop him. He saw Nerin, Blake, and Lorin all drawn over by the commotion.

"Loris, what is happening here?"

"Three Elders, I beg you to quickly make a move!" Knox fell to his knees with a thud, burning with anxiety.

"This guy is the Hale family’s Saint Lord, Alex, and he wants to destroy the Divine Blade Sect!"

"Hurry and capture him, or we’re all finished!"

The three great elders had complicated expressions as they looked at the harmless-looking Alex to the side. They immediately cast gazes full of doubt toward Loris.

"Three Senior Brothers, do not listen to this brat’s nonsense." Loris waved his hand and laughed cheerfully.

"He is nothing more than a Sanitation Department disciple of our Radiant Sun Peak who just came from Myriad Transformations Peak."

"I suppose while he was cooking, the greasy smoke got into his brain, which is why he’s spouting such crazy talk."

"I am not spouting crazy talk!" Knox was so anxious he was about to shed tears.

"He truly is Alex. It’s absolutely true!"

"Knox, that is enough." Loris’s face sank.

"I know that you, a disciple of the Sanitation Department, want to grab my attention, so you speak shocking words to startle people."

"But for you to repeatedly use such vicious slander to maliciously defame a fellow disciple is truly far too despicable."

The corner of Knox’s mouth twitched continuously, his entire body trembling with anger.

During this period of time, in order to gain fortuitous encounters and resources, he had told many lies and deceived many people.

He never expected that the first time he told the truth, no matter how he explained it, not a single person would believe him.

Feeling Alex’s profound, icy gaze, Knox only felt his hair stand on end in absolute terror.

If he entered the Azure Dragon Valley together with this guy, he would definitely die by his hands.

Suddenly, Knox’s gaze noticed the storage ring on Alex’s hand. Instantly, like grabbing onto a life-saving straw, he rushed forward regardless of everything and grabbed his wrist.

"If you don’t believe me, you can inspect his storage ring!"

"See if the things inside his storage ring are what an ordinary disciple should possess!"

Seeing Knox so persistent and stubborn, a trace of suspicion revealed itself in the eyes of the elders.

Lorin looked at Loris and said probingly. "Loris, seeing this brat so desperate, it might not all be crazy talk."

"How about... we do a check?"

A clear look of suspicion also revealed itself in Loris’s eyes.

However, the next second, just as he was hesitating over whether he should truly inspect Alex... Knox’s entire body flew backward like a kite with a broken string, spitting out a large mouthful of scarlet blood.

The crowd was stunned, casting shocked and doubtful gazes in unison.

The one who made a move wasn’t Alex. Rather, it was exactly the gloomy-faced Sylra, who used his iron crutch to smash Knox away like he was hitting a baseball.

"You bastard, you actually dare to slander my peak’s Taryn?!" Sylra’s entire body seethed with murderous intent.

"If you can’t compete with him, then you can’t compete. Why must you use such despicable methods?"

"Even slandering him as the Hale family’s Saint Lord, Alex, truly ridiculous."

"If he truly were Alex, I would be the first to let him slaughter you, you reckless little shit who doesn’t know life or death!"

Sylra actually held back with this strike. Only causing Knox some minor external injuries.

Yet it still left his expression disheveled, his face full of life-doubting despair.

Why? Why was every single sentence he spoke clearly the truth, yet absolutely no one believed him?

Could it be... he truly had to wait until Alex went on a massive killing spree and bathed the entire Divine Blade Sect in blood for these people to believe it?

Seeing Sylra seething with anger, Lorin, Nerin, and the others hurriedly spoke up to advise him.

"Senior Brother Sylra, calm your anger, calm your anger."

"You are already at such an age, why get so furious over a young man?"

Sylra stood with his arms crossed, saying grumpily to Loris.

"Loris, this brat is a person from your Radiant Sun Peak, right?"

"This old man advises you: do not casually accept just anyone into your peak."

"Even if it’s just the Sanitation Department, it still represents the facade of your Radiant Sun Peak. And represents you, the Peak Master."

"Senior Brother’s lesson is correct, this little brother understands." Loris nodded hurriedly.

"I will immediately cancel his qualification to participate in this year’s assessment. When I take him back to Radiant Sun Peak later, I will definitely discipline him properly!"

At this time, Torin walked over from afar.

"Loris, how can you do that?"

"It’s not easy for a young man to come participate in an assessment."

"Depriving him of his qualification... do you want him to work in the Sanitation Department for an entire year?"

Loris was somewhat troubled. "Senior Brother Torin, then your meaning is...?"

"One thing is one thing, another is another. Him slandering someone just now was his fault first, but we cannot deprive him of his opportunity to change his destiny because of that." Torin said faintly.

"Within our Divine Blade Sect, we do not have such tyrannical rules."

The other elders instantly muttered secretly in their hearts. On the surface, Torin was speaking up for Knox. But in reality, he was simply opposing Sylra.

Normally, they had never seen Torin care so much about any disciple or maintaining sect rules.

It seemed he was absolutely determined today to clash point-for-point with Sylra.

"Torin, what is the meaning of your words?" Sylra’s face sank.

"Could it be this old man is that kind of tyrannical person?"

"I didn’t say that." Torin was entirely unafraid, retorting sarcastically.

"However, as a senior in the sect, Senior Brother Sylra injuring another’s disciple in order to protect his own person... is perhaps indeed somewhat unreasonable and overbearing."