Chapter 234

Magnus smiled slightly. "I see that this girl’s talent is not destined to remain in a shallow pool. Her future good fortune will not be confined to this little corner of the Divine Blade Sect."

"If you wait until a year later when she breaks through to the Supreme Realm, wanting to befriend her then will be far too late."

"Uh..."

"That’s right!"

"Many thanks for the Sect Master’s reminder!"

The elders instantly saw the light, scrambling over each other, they rushed out, riding their flying swords straight toward Broken Sword Peak.

Magnus saw them to the door, watching their flocking, eager backs, he stroked his chin.

A sly smile curling at the corners of his mouth.

"Miss Aya, you cannot blame this Sect Master for pushing you into the fire."

"If you must blame someone, blame this group of guys for being too annoying. Making so much noise I couldn’t even get a peaceful sleep."

"In order to let me have a bit of peace and quiet, I can only wrong you a little and let you go crazy with them, hahahaha!"

...

On the way back to the peak, Sylra stood at the front with his hands behind his back, remaining silent the entire time.

Alex looked at Aya following closely beside him, both speechless and helpless.

"Miss Aya, why must you suffer like this?" Alex laughed in bewilderment.

"You have already obtained the Vault of Divine Sword Heart. From now on, you will be the most dazzling favored child of heaven in the entire Divine Blade Sect."

"In the future, you will inevitably become the mainstay of the sect."

"The elders offered you such excellent conditions, promising to use the resources of their entire peaks to cultivate you."

"Why must you be so stubborn and insist on following me?"

Aya shrugged and smiled. "My mother taught me since childhood that one must know gratitude and seek to repay it."

"How my Vault of Divine Sword Heart came to be, others might not be clear on it, but could I not be clear myself?"

"Junior Brother Taryn, rest assured. I am not that kind of ungrateful person."

"This favor, I will definitely repay you well!"

The corner of Alex’s mouth twitched.

Do I fucking need you to repay me?

The reason he gave the Vault of Divine Sword Heart to Aya was purely to thank her for delivering delicious food and drinks every day for the past month.

Who could have expected Aya would have such an outrageous misunderstanding? Thinking he was interested in her, which was why he yielded the Vault of Divine Sword Heart.

In fact, wherever this girl wanted to go, wherever she wanted to stay, Alex fundamentally didn’t care.

The only thing he didn’t want was for her to stay with him.

Because Aya was now the owner of the Vault of Divine Sword Heart.

No matter where she went, she would inevitably attract a massive crowd flocking to flatter her, drawing in a huge pile of trouble.

This level of ostentatiousness was no longer something she could decide for herself.

The moment she fused with the Vault of Divine Sword Heart, she was destined to never be associated with the word low-profile again.

The reason Alex firmly stayed at Broken Sword Peak was precisely because it was quiet and peaceful. Normally, absolutely no one would come to bother him.

As a result, now Aya had followed him here.

Alex could basically predict just how noisy the previously secluded Broken Sword Peak was going to become.

Hearing the two whispering behind him, Sylra suddenly sighed. Giving a dry laugh and shaking his head.

Aya asked in confusion, "Elder Sylra, why are you sighing?"

"Sigh, seeing you young people so brave in the pursuit of love, how enviable." Sylra twirled his beard, his face full of nostalgia.

"It makes this old man recall just how unrestrained and free I was with the Holy Maiden of the Joyous Union Sect back in the day..."

Aya’s pretty face instantly turned bright red. "Elder, you misunderstand!"

"I... I absolutely didn’t join Broken Sword Peak because I like Taryn!"

The corner of Alex’s mouth twitched. Yes, you truly didn’t join because you like me. You came gunning for my life.

Also, Sylra, you dirty old man. In front of young people, can you have a little decorum? Is getting entangled with the Holy Maiden of the Joyous Union Sect some sort of glorious honor?

"Alright, I understand, I understand it all." Sylra chuckled cheerfully.

"How many men and women are there in the world? When love reaches its depths, there are no regrets or resentments."

"For you two to achieve a positive result, you still have a long road ahead!"

...

Returning to Broken Sword Peak, Sylra walked into the Hidden Broken Sword Cave with his hands behind his back, looking as if he was about to return to his own den.

Alex hurriedly stopped him. "Senior, inside this cave, there are only two rooms. Yours and mine."

"Now that Senior Sister Aya is here, where does she sleep?"

Sylra said with deep interest, "Sleep in the same cave dwelling as this old man?"

Alex: "...What kind of bullshit are you dreaming of?"

"Hehe, then she’ll just sleep in the same cave dwelling as you." Sylra winked at Alex, revealing the kind of expression that all men understand.

Alex was completely speechless. "Senior, can you be serious? Stop joking around."

"Who is joking with you?" Sylra shrugged and laughed.

"Anyway, inside this cave, there are only two dwellings."

"She either sleeps with me, sleeps with you, or sleeps out in the woods."

"Alright, sleep if you want, don’t if you don’t. After tossing and turning for three days and three nights, this old man is sleepy."

"If there’s nothing important, don’t come bother me."

Saying this, Sylra returned to his own cave dwelling and closed the door with a loud bang.

The corner of Alex’s mouth twitched endlessly as he turned around speechlessly.

Looking at Aya standing at the entrance of his cave dwelling, her face full of shyness, looking like she wanted to refuse but was actually welcoming it, his face became even more full of life-doubting despair.