Chapter 67

"Whereas this lowly one has refined poisons since childhood and understands these lethal toxins perfectly. It would naturally be much safer."

Although Leo’s face was full of sincerity and his words sounded incredibly earnest, to Alex’s ears, they held less weight than a passing fart.

In the original novel, this Leo was an exceptionally cunning, petty villain. Every single one of his actions was taken entirely for his own benefit.

Even in the end, when he was slapped to death by the enraged Alex, he was actually just trying to fight to the death to protect Knox so that the Heavenly Flame Empress would owe him a massive favor.

He simply overestimated his own strength. Which resulted in him dying without an intact corpse. Reduced entirely to dust and ash.

The current Leo was naturally exactly the same as his original novel counterpart. Spouting these words was purely an excuse to get into the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave and tip Knox off.

In Leo’s eyes, Alex’s power and influence as the Hale family’s Saint Lord still couldn’t compare to the Heavenly Flame Empress. Therefore, he planned to take Knox and find an opportunity to escape from within the cave.

This way, he would become Knox’s savior and secure the favor Aurelia would owe him.

"Leo, I never expected you to be so worried about my safety." Alex smiled faintly.

"Since that’s the case, I’ll have to trouble you to head into the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave and help me fetch Knox out."

"Yes!" Leo smiled joyfully, nodding heavily. He couldn’t wait to walk into the cave.

Alex stopped him.

"Hold on."

"Since you care so much about my safety, I must naturally care about yours as well."

Leo’s smile stiffened instantly. He asked awkwardly, "What does Saint Lord Alex mean by this?"

Alex raised his index and middle fingers, circulating his true essence. A wheel instantly materialized behind him, radiating a glowing white light.

"Six Paths Wheel of Destruction Art, The Animal Path!"

"Hundred-Poison Life-Reaping Bee, manifest!"

Dozens of palm-sized demonic bees with black-and-yellow striped bodies emerged from the white light. The vast majority of them hovered around Alex like stars surrounding the moon.

But the two largest ones flew right over to Leo.

They plunged their razor-sharp stingers directly into his temples on both sides.

Leo’s expression changed drastically. He let out a miserable, agonizing howl.

"Ahhh!"

"Saint Lord Alex, you..."

Alex stood with his hands clasped behind his back, smiling faintly as though nothing had happened. "Although these two Hundred-Poison Life-Reaping Bee will cause you a bit of harm..."

"...they will allow me to link with your vision and see absolutely anything you see."

"This way, if you encounter any danger inside the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave, I can enter and save you at the very first moment."

"Alright. Now you may enter the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave and apprehend that person for me."

Looking at Alex’s smiling, cheerfully unfazed face, Leo couldn’t help but shiver violently all over.

At this moment, he didn’t dare to harbor the slightest bit of calculation or any crooked thoughts. He just wanted to hurry into the cave, drag Knox out, and hand him over to Alex so this God of Plagues would leave the Five Poisons Valley and never, ever return.

Bearing the two Hundred-Poison Life-Reaping Bee on his head, Leo took heavy steps into the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave.

With a casual wave of his hand, Alex summoned a screen of light. Displayed upon the screen was exactly what Leo was seeing through his own eyes.

Walking into the cave, Leo didn’t dare pull any tricks.

The Hundred-Poison Life-Reaping Bee in his temples not only subjected him to unbearable, agonizing pain, they constantly reminded him that there was a pair of eyes behind him. Watching his every single move.

At this very moment, Leo only wanted to end this nightmare as quickly as possible.

Therefore, he directly followed the map he had previously given Knox, heading straight for the absolute deepest part of the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave.

...

Meanwhile. In the deepest part of the cave.

"Phew!" Knox slayed a giant venomous scorpion and let out a long breath of foul air.

A smile curled on his lips as he slowly walked toward the treasure chest in front of him.

Following Leo’s map, his journey through the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave had been completely unimpeded. Aside from this final giant venomous scorpion that he had to fight and kill head-on, he hadn’t encountered a single poisonous creature along the way.

Now, relying entirely on his own strength, he had slain the giant venomous scorpion. Thus, he stepped right up to open the spoils of war that rightfully belonged to him.

After the lid of the treasure chest was opened, plumes of dark green smoke billowed out from within.

A moment later, the green smoke gathered together in mid-air, condensing into a dark green cloud. From within the cloud radiated a majestic, boundless spiritual energy.

"So this is the supreme treasure left behind by the Thousand Poisons Saint? The Innate Poison Cloud?"

Intense light burst from Knox’s eyes. He swallowed a mouthful of saliva in sheer greed.

"I never expected this priceless, supreme treasure would fall into my hands so easily!"

"As long as I swallow this thing, from this day forward, I will be a Core Formation Realm powerhouse!"

Without hesitation, Knox leaped up and grabbed the Innate Poison Cloud right in his palm.

Just as he brought it to his lips, preparing to open his mouth and devour it, a loud shout suddenly rang out from behind him.

"Stop right there!"

Knox froze slightly and turned his head to look.

It was none other than Leo. Standing behind him, sweating profusely and panting heavily. Looking as if he had sprinted the entire way there.

"Senior Leo?" Knox looked confused.

"Aren’t the venomous insects in your body the fated mortal enemies of the toxic creatures in this cave? Why did you come here?"

"Uh... I came specifically to warn you." Suppressing his terror, Leo said with a straight face.

"You cannot consume this Innate Poison Cloud."

"Why?" Knox looked entirely bewildered.

"Because... with your current cultivation, you have no way of completely absorbing the power of the Innate Poison Cloud!" Leo’s brain spun at lightning speed, trying his absolute best to fabricate a reasonable excuse.

"At the very least, you cannot do it inside this Thousand Poisons Demon Cave."