Chapter 182

Yet he still carried a wine gourd in his hand, taking sip after sip. Drinking with immense relish.

This old man was named Malakai. The Saint Lord of the Sol family, one of the Saint Lineages.

The territorial power of the Sol family wasn’t considered robust, but they extremely excelled in alchemy and refining medicine. Possessing a unique, exclusive alchemy method passed down from their ancestors.

Relying on their peerless medicinal pills, they traded with the major Saint Lineages, exchanging for various resources.

Therefore, among all the Saint Lineages currently, they firmly ranked as an existence within the top five.

And the reason the Sol family could be so prosperous and strong, half the credit had to go to this old drunkard in front of him, Malakai Sol.

He loved wine as much as his own life, could not go a single day without getting drunk.

However, even when he was dead drunk, his brain always remained clear. Able to make the wisest and most correct decisions.

His cultivation at the third level of the Supreme Realm could only be considered average among the Saint Lineages. But even Alex, at the peak of the Supreme Realm, did not dare to easily provoke him.

Because Malakai possessed a secret art as his ultimate trump card, named Universe in a Drunken Stupor.

It involved sacrificing his own physical body, using the power of his soul to suck all surrounding enemies into this Heaven and Earth Gourd he used for drinking.

This Heaven and Earth Gourd seemed ordinary, but it was actually a Saint-tier supreme treasure left behind by an ancient mighty figure.

As long as one was sucked into it, even a Saint Realm mighty figure could not escape. They could only stay together with Malakai, forever living in a drunken stupor within the gourd’s space.

Precisely because of the deterrence of this Universe in a Drunken Stupor move, no Saint Lord of any Saint Lineage dared to easily provoke the Sol family. Even if they did provoke them, they didn’t dare to offend them to the absolute limit.

After all, everyone was a Supreme Realm powerhouse with tens of thousands of years of lifespan and a brilliant, beautiful life, nobody wanted to spend all of eternity drinking heavily inside a gourd with this drunkard.

Malakai walked up to Alex, cupped his fists cheerfully. "Saint Lord Alex, long time no see. I trust you have been well since we last met!"

"Saint Lord Malakai, a pleasure." Alex cupped his fists. Smiling faintly.

"Looking at Saint Lord Malakai’s intentions, do you plan to drink three hundred cups with me?"

"Hahaha, if I can drink freely with Saint Lord Alex, this old man is naturally fortunate over three lifetimes." Malakai laughed cheerfully.

"However, Saint Lord Alex inviting me to this Heart Origin Island in the dead of night... I’m afraid it isn’t as simple as just drinking wine, right?"

"Correct." Alex nodded. Smiling faintly.

"Saint Lord Malakai, no need to rush."

"Wait until that older brother arrives, after we finish discussing business, it won’t be too late to drink freely."

"That older brother?" Malakai froze.

"Who else did Saint Lord Alex invite?"

Before Alex could answer, a loud, hearty laugh echoed from mid-air. "Hohaha, Brother Alex, kept you waiting!"

An old man dressed in a green python robe descended from the sky riding a black cloud.

Completely white hair and beard, but hale and hearty, his face glowing with health, possessing an immortal aura and Daoist bones. The Blackwood Family Patriarch, Alistair Blackwood.

"Older Brother Alistair, it has been a long time. I have missed you greatly." Alex nodded and cupped his fists, smiling faintly.

"For you to accept my invitation and come today, this foolish younger brother is truly incredibly honored."

"Hahaha, worthy brother, you are too polite." Alistair was as cheerful as ever. However, the instant he turned his head and saw Malakai, the expression instantly froze on his face.

"You... why are you here?"

Seeing Alistair arrive, Malakai’s expression similarly changed slightly, looking somewhat gloomy. "Saint Lord Alex, this is the other person you invited?"

"If you had said earlier that this guy named Alistair was coming, this Malakai would not have come."

Seeing Alistair and Malakai display such strong hostility towards each other, Alex merely smiled faintly. Not too surprised.

He had already heard reports from Lara and Adrian about the conflict between the Blackwood family and the Sol family. These two families had similar strength among the Saint Lineages, one ranked second, the other ranked third.

Originally, they had no interactions, like well water not interfering with river water. However, during the arena battles a few days ago, the disciples of the two families fought until they saw red, both sides had several prodigies heavily injured.

After the arena, Alistair furiously went to Malakai’s door to demand an explanation.

Malakai naturally wasn’t afraid in the slightest, directly clashed head-on with Alistair.

They shed all pretense of cordiality, their eyes turning red as they argued until swords were drawn.

Ultimately, it was only under the mediation of the Heavenly Flame Empress that a violent firefight between the two families was avoided.

Alex had gone through careful consideration before inviting these two people over at the same time.

In the short term, during this trip to the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm, he not only had to deal with Knox, but also the other Saint Lineages.

No matter how strong his own strength was, it couldn’t negate the fact that these Saint Lineages all had their own trump cards and foundations.

He absolutely needed the assistance of the two great experts, Alistair and Malakai, to ensure nothing went wrong.

In the long term, there would inevitably be a vicious, life-and-death struggle between himself and Knox in the future. For that grand battle, he had to start scouting for allies right now.

The Blackwood family and the Sol family were both candidates he absolutely had to win over.

"Brother Alistair, Saint Lord Malakai, please calm down and don’t be impatient." Alex smiled faintly.

"Saint Lord Malakai has already set up the formation in advance and prepared so much fine wine."

"I ask the two of you to give this Alex some face."

"Let us sit down calmly and peacefully, chatting while drinking wine. Wouldn’t that be joyful?"

Hearing these words, Alistair and Malakai pondered for a moment, then silently sat down in one of the seats.