Chapter 260

Petra asked with deep interest. "I’m sorry, but we people of the Outer Realms only speak of facts. We do not believe in your world’s theories of fate and karma."

"However, I am actually quite interested in you. You are so young, and looking at your aptitude, it’s quite good. Why did you jump off a cliff to commit suicide?"

"Miss Petra, this is a long story!" Knox originally had a stomach full of bitterness and grievances with nowhere to vent.

Now, accidentally running into a powerhouse like Petra, plus having just experienced a life-or-death situation, he instantly couldn’t hold back. Like opening a floodgate, he poured out his entire stomach of bitter water.

From the matter with Isolde at the very beginning, to Lily and Selene later on, and the matters of his Heavenly Buddha inheritance and the Vault of Divine Sword Heart being snatched away, he poured it all out in full detail.

After earnestly listening to Knox’s miserable experiences, Petra couldn’t hold back and started giggling.

"Hahahahaha, interesting, interesting! Unlucky people, I have seen before. But someone as unlucky as you, I have truly seen for the first time."

"Miss Petra, please don’t mock me." Knox said with a miserable face.

"If I wasn’t unlucky to such an extent, I wouldn’t have been forced to the point of jumping off a cliff to commit suicide."

"Mhm, hearing you put it that way, I understand." Petra stroked her chin, saying with deep interest.

"However, there is one point I still don’t understand. Listening to everything you just said, none of it can be separated from a person named Alex."

"Or to say it without exaggeration: it is exactly because of this Alex that you have been tormented so miserably. Why didn’t you rack your brains and try every possible means to kill him, but instead chose to commit suicide so cowardly?"

"I didn’t want to either!" Knox revealed a look of shame, arguing indignantly.

"I tried all sorts of methods wanting to take that Alex’s life, but they all failed. Right now, he is already a peak Supreme Realm powerhouse, while I am still merely at the Nascent Soul Realm. Revenge, you say it lightly, but how easy is it really?"

"Because it’s not easy, you just won’t take revenge?" Petra sneered coldly.

"If someone messed with me so miserably, even if he were a Saint or a Great Emperor, I would definitely use all methods and any means necessary to kill him and avenge that deep-seated hatred. And before killing him, I would absolutely not allow myself to lose my life first, let alone commit suicide."

Hearing Petra’s words, Knox couldn’t help but feel so ashamed he wanted to find a hole to crawl into.

"But I truly don’t know what I should do..."

Petra narrowed her eyes, smiling mysteriously. "Heh, little brat, on account of you saving me today, I will lend you a hand."

With that said, Petra casually waved her hand.

At her fair, slender fingertips, a speck of purple light lingered. The light speck slowly floated into mid-air, landed on Knox’s arm, and transformed into a profound purple butterfly tattoo.

Knox froze, asking cautiously. "Miss Petra, what is this?"

"This is a secret technique of my Outer Realm Demonic Race, named Butterfly Bewitchment." Petra said with a smile.

"As long as you pour inner force into this butterfly brand, you can release a bewitching butterfly smoke. Any woman in this world who smells it will have her mind controlled by you."

"According to what you just said, that Alex not only snatched away your fateful encounters one after another, but also snatched away many of your women. Then naturally, the first step to taking revenge is to snatch all these stolen women back."

Knox listened blankly, then nodded in deep agreement, revealing a joyful smile.

"Miss Petra, I understand! Thank you so much for your help today! Once my great vengeance is achieved, I will definitely heavily reward Senior for this favor!"

"No need. Me helping you today is merely because you saved me. There is no need for your reward." Petra shrugged and laughed.

"If fate wills it, perhaps we will meet again."

With that said, Petra’s figure became ethereal and illusory, transforming into a streak of purple mist and drifting away into nothingness.

After she left, Knox still felt a deep sense of illusion, as if it were a realistic dream. He carefully examined the butterfly tattoo on his arm, finally confirming he wasn’t dreaming, and a chilling smile curled at the corners of his mouth.

"Very well! Alex, I didn’t expect heaven to protect me, allowing me, Knox, to survive a great disaster and even receive the guidance and assistance of a noble benefactor!"

"This time, I will definitely take back everything I lost, entirely and completely!"

"The Vault of Divine Sword Heart, Aya Cale... Good, I will start with you!"

...

After Alex returned to the Holy Land, he checked on the recent status of the family disciples.

As for Julian, Lucas, and the others, although he had seen them all in the Heavenly Flame Capital, he was busy rescuing the Empress at the time, so he hadn’t managed to pay them too much attention. Now, carefully inspecting them one by one, he was instantly greatly surprised.

He had only gone to the Divine Blade Sect for about a month’s time.

Before leaving previously, Alex had specifically left the Heavenly Spirit Flame Lotus in the Holy Land.

Under the blessing of the Heavenly Spirit Flame Lotus’s halo, coupled with Alex’s motivational investments, the cultivation speed of the Hale family’s younger generation was like riding a rocket, soaring rapidly.

In just a short month’s time, the vast majority of the Hale family disciples had broken through around four to five minor realms.

Four or five minor realms might not sound like much at first.

But in reality, if one carefully considered it, they would know just how terrifying it was.

No matter which dynasty, which sect, or which saintly family, for all disciples to be able to break through four or five minor realms within a single month was absolutely something that could only be achieved if an immortal fateful encounter had descended.

One must know, the Hale family disciples were not newcomers at the Qi gathering realms.

Rather, the vast majority had reached the Foundation Establishment and Core Formation Realms, stepping into the ranks of mid-level powerhouses.

For them to be able to advance four or five minor realms, their strength had absolutely increased exponentially!