Chapter 100

"I will definitely reserve the first spot for the Secret Realm Treasure Hunt for the Hale family in advance."

"Hahahaha, since Your Majesty the Empress is so polite, then it would be disrespectful for me to decline."

Alex laughed, nodded, and clasped his fists.

"Since that is the case, I will take my leave."

"I also hope Your Majesty will swiftly dispatch skilled physicians to heal Princess Flower’s injuries as soon as possible. By all means, do not let it leave behind any hidden ailments."

He turned around and left with an incredibly elegant, arrogant swagger that recognized neither family nor friend.

...

Outside Azure Phoenix Hall, the four branch family Saint Lords were all waiting respectfully and cautiously. Seeing Alex come out, they hurriedly went up to meet him. Asking carefully.

"Saint Lord, how is the situation?"

"Heh. What do you think?"

The smile Alex had just worn while facing Aurelia instantly vanished. His face turning cold and stern.

"You four cause a heaven-shattering disaster, yet you make me come and wipe your asses for you."

"Hurry up and follow me back! Stop making a disgraceful spectacle of yourselves here!"

He summoned an auspicious cloud and carried the four of them back together.

On the way back, Oscar Hale couldn’t help but ask.

"Saint Lord, since the Heavenly Flame Empress let us leave, does that mean she has forgiven our sins?"

"Mm. You could say she spared your lives."

Alex stood with his arms crossed. His voice cold.

"Fortunately, I have always maintained a good relationship with the Heavenly Flame Empress."

"As branch families of the Hale family, no matter how massive a hole you stab into the sky, she still had to consider my face."

"Otherwise? Based on the sins you committed, heavily injuring a hero of the Sixty-Year Demon Purge..."

"Even twisting all your heads completely off wouldn’t be going too far!"

The four of them couldn’t help but shrink their necks with lingering fear.

Peter Hale laughed awkwardly.

"The few of us acted rashly and presumptuously, causing a massive disaster. It is all thanks to the Saint Lord smoothing things over for us!"

"Exactly! Regardless of anything else, we are all one family!"

"As a family, we should naturally help and support each other!"

Faced with these people desperately trying to act close and making small talk out of nothing, Alex directly sneered.

"Alright, save the useless words."

"While the hour is still early today, hurry back, gather your people, and return to your respective branch families."

"Although the Heavenly Flame Empress isn’t pursuing the matter with you, you heavily injured Princess Flower. In the entire Heavenly Flame Dynasty, there is bound to be an unknown number of people who will view you as thorns in their eyes and spikes in their flesh. Itching to claim your lives."

"After you return to your branch families this time, obediently close your doors and avoid trouble. For the next three to five years, refrain from running to the Heavenly Flame Capital."

...

The few of them looked at each other in dismay. Alice said weakly.

"Saint Lord, then what about this year’s Dao Vindication Assembly..."

"Sister Alice, you certainly think quite far ahead, don’t you? You still haven’t forgotten about the Dao Vindication Assembly?"

Alex raised an eyebrow. A mocking smile on his lips.

"Very well! Then for this year’s Dao Vindication Assembly, why don’t you lead the members of your Purple Star branch family to participate?"

"Let’s see if, upon arriving at the Heavenly Flame Capital, the heads of the major Saint lineages won’t beat you and your clan members to death right on the arena stage once they find out about this matter."

Alice instantly shrank her neck and laughed awkwardly.

"Then... then never mind."

"After I return to the Purple Star Dynasty, I will immediately announce the sealing of our mountains and the closing of our doors. No clan disciple shall step out for three years."

"As for the Dao Vindication Assembly... we will trouble the Saint Lord to exert the effort to participate!"

The other three also hastily stated their positions. Hurriedly scrambling to clear their ties with the Dao Vindication Assembly.

Seeing the sheer terror and trepidation in the attitudes of the four branch family heads, a satisfied smile curled at the corners of Alex’s mouth.

Not bad.

The effect is even better than I imagined.

With this, all the various internal and external troubles regarding the Hale family’s participation in this year’s Dao Vindication Assembly have been completely resolved.

He could finally let the young talents loosen their bindings and go all out to make a name for themselves.

...

After Alex left, Aurelia sat quietly upon her throne. Her suppressed anger completely unable to dissipate.

After a long time, she finally stood up. Left Azure Phoenix Hall. Walked toward the dungeons.

The dungeons were dark and damp. The air thick with the pungent, piercing stench of blood.

The prison cells on both sides were all thirty feet high. The iron cages engraved with dense formation patterns.

Locked inside these cages were almost exclusively massive, burly monsters. Completely stark naked with bloody faces and vicious fangs.

These monsters were generally forty feet tall. Even inside the thirty-foot-high cells, they had to sit on the ground and curl their massive bodies.

Their skin was a dark, inky green. Covered in a layer of tough, crimson fuzz. Their hideous appearances were enough to make one’s scalp tingle with terror.

They were a race that had appeared on the Azure Origin Continent even earlier than the human race.

The Giant Demon Race.

Moreover, they had once briefly been the absolute rulers of this land.

The Giant Demon Race drank blood and ate flesh. Killed people like flies. Treated the human race as nothing more than food to be slaughtered at will.

That was until the founding monarch of the Heavenly Flame Dynasty, Great Emperor Arthur, waved his hand and slaughtered ninety percent of the world’s Giant Demons. Establishing a dynasty in a single breath.

From then on, the Heavenly Flame Dynasty formally entered the world. Guided by several generations of heroic monarchs, it became one of the most powerful human dynasties on the Azure Origin Continent.

Nowadays, almost no cultivator on this land remembered the fact that the Giant Demon Race had once ruled the world.

Even if a very small number of elders had faintly heard about the events of the past, they had never seen the existence of a Giant Demon with their own eyes.