Chapter 231

Nerin’s entire body trembled non-stop, so angry he almost spat out a mouthful of old blood.

Just a moment ago, upon seeing Aya obtain the Vault of Divine Sword Heart, he was so happy he almost literally jumped into the air.

From the space above the Azure Dragon Valley all the way to the Hall, how radiant with joy he was on the journey here, his every step generating a gust of wind.

As a result, he arrived here only to wait for a single sentence from her.

I am unwilling to stay at Falling Dust Peak.

The clown was me all along. After today’s performance, all the disciples of the entire Divine Blade Sect would definitely laugh their teeth off at him.

However, before Nerin could wail in grief, the other elders had already scrambled forward, completely surrounding Aya in the middle.

"Miss Aya, come to my Hundred Souls Peak!"

"I can equip you with the best cultivation companion team, and 90% of the entire peak’s resources will belong to you!"

"Miss Aya, please consider our Hundred Turns Peak!"

"I will personally act as your sparring partner, guaranteeing you will break through to the Mahayana Realm in the fastest time!"

"Miss Aya, please join Spirit Artisan Peak."

"I can let you enjoy one-third of the entire sect’s cultivation resources, and personally forge a High-Grade Supreme-tier precious sword for you!"

"Holy shit, Senior Brother Aerin, you’re playing far too dirty!"

"Miss Aya, the Senior Brothers of my Lorin Peak are publicly acknowledged by the entire sect as the most handsome..."

"Holy shit, you’re playing even dirtier! Quickly, shut his mouth!"

After Aya explicitly expressed her unwillingness to stay at Falling Dust Peak, she instantly became the highly sought-after sweet pastry that everyone scrambled for like a flock of ducks.

In contrast, Alex, despite being the champion, was left off to the side, cold and desolate.

No one paying him any attention.

Only Sylra leaned on his crutch, limping toward him and chuckling cheerfully. "Brat, well done."

"Senior, I apologize." Alex smiled somewhat apologetically.

"It wasn’t that I didn’t want that Vault of Divine Sword Heart..."

"Stinky brat, what are you apologizing for?" Sylra thumped Alex on the chest and laughed cheerfully.

"For you to seize the championship in the assessment and finish off those two whatever-they-were geniuses has already made this old man incredibly proud and elated!"

"You don’t even know, those stinky brats each owe me five Heaven and Earth-tier weapons and ten Heaven and Earth-tier pills!"

"As for that whatever Vault of Divine Sword Heart, since you didn’t want it, you definitely had your reasons for not wanting it."

"Let’s go, let’s go, we’re returning to the peak. This old man will personally cook and roast some fish for you to eat!"

Sylra’s attitude made Alex’s heart warm.

Originally, if he had obtained the Vault of Divine Sword Heart, Sylra would have inherently become the biggest winner of this assessment. But because of his willful actions, Sylra was now also being ignored along with him.

If it were anyone else, they would definitely be incredibly reproachful, perhaps even glaring coldly and scolding him angrily. However, Sylra didn’t show the slightest bit of displeasure.

All the bustling in the world is for profit, all the hustling in the world is for gain.

In this noisy era where profit was supreme, a sincere and genuine friendship like the one between him and Sylra was truly a rarity.

"Uh... as for cooking, there’s no need for that, right?"

"The fish you roasted last time, Senior... I genuinely couldn’t tell which part was the fish and which part was the charcoal."

"After eating it, my stomach hurt for three days. I beg you, Senior, please retract your divine abilities."

Alex and Sylra chatted and laughed, preparing to leave the Azure Dragon Hall.

Aya suddenly raised her hand to stop the elders’ arguing and said sternly, "Elders, I know the conditions you are offering are all very sincere."

"However, I have already decided which peak I want to join, so there is no need to say any more."

"Oh?" The elders’ hearts instantly trembled with excitement. Aerin asked cautiously, "Then I wonder which peak Miss Aya plans to join?"

All the elders were both expectant and nervous, looking at Aya with gazes full of longing, even carrying a trace of pleading.

After all, this girl possessed the Vault of Divine Sword Heart. That meant her absolute baseline was a Supreme Realm mighty figure, she was highly likely to follow in the footsteps of the Evergreat Sword Ancestor and step into the Saint Realm.

Whether they were ambitious or not, who could refuse becoming the Master of a Saint?

Aya took a deep breath and raised a finger.

However, she didn’t point at any of the elders surrounding her. Instead, she pointed right between Aerin and Torin, aiming straight at Alex, who was currently walking toward the outside of the hall.

"...Hmm?"

Following the direction of Aya’s finger, the elders focused their gazes and were instantly dumbfounded.

"Miss Aya, what is the meaning of pointing at that brat?"

"He, Taryn Lark... doesn’t have his own peak."

While the crowd was bewildered, Aya explained solemnly, "My decision is: whichever peak Junior Brother Taryn joins, I will join that peak."

"If Junior Brother Taryn is unwilling to choose, then no matter how lavish the conditions, I will not accept them!"

As soon as these words came out, the elders fell into a brief silence.

The next second, every single one of them rushed toward Alex like rabid dogs, like starving tigers pouncing on their prey.

"Little Brother, please join our Hundred Souls Peak!"

"All the resources of my Hundred Souls Peak will be at your disposal!"

"My Spirit Artisan Peak will give you two Supreme-tier weapons!"

"I’ll acknowledge you as my adoptive father!"

Facing the encirclement of a pack of rabid dogs, Alex was instantly somewhat at a loss.

Looking outside the crowd at Aya, whose face was full of a smug smile, he couldn’t help but feel a wave of speechlessness in his heart.

No, wait, my dear Senior Sister Aya, couldn’t you just properly enjoy your infinite glory by yourself? Why did you have to draw these rabid dogs onto me?

Also, which one of you just offered to acknowledge me as an adoptive father? Acknowledging a Master can wait until later, let me take in a son first...