Chapter 140

"Why would it reappear in the world?"

"This... I don’t know either." Torin shook his head. "However, one point is certain."

"The attackers’ objective in slaughtering Heaven Turning Peak and Venomscale Peak is highly likely to elevate their cultivation by absorbing the blood essence of those two peaks’ disciples as nourishment."

"And if that is the case, their massacre won’t stop here. They will continue to wash the other peaks in blood until every single peak of our Divine Blade Sect has been slaughtered to the last man."

"Then... then what should we do?!" The elders all revealed expressions of sheer panic. Bodies unconsciously trembling.

Vincent pondered for a moment. "Looking at it now, we can only temporarily merge the peaks to defend against that group of attackers."

"Junior Brother Nerin, Junior Brother Loris, after the two of you return today, lead the disciples of your entire peaks and relocate to Spirit Artisan Peak."

"Junior Brother Torin, Junior Brother Lorin, the two of you will lead your entire peaks’ disciples and relocate to Myriad Transformations Peak."

"As for..."

Vincent looked toward Master Sylra, who was sitting at the very end of the table. Head tilted back. Snoring loudly.

He sighed softly. "Sylra, your Broken Sword Peak only has you."

"How about you don’t leave today and just stay here with me?"

"Senior Brother Vincent, no need." Master Sylra yawned and waved his hand.

"Back then, the Sect Master ordered me to guard the swords at Broken Sword Peak. He didn’t give me permission to stay at other mountain gates."

"Besides, apart from me, my Broken Sword Peak still has a little guy."

"You guys take your time discussing the merger. I’ll head back first."

With that, Sylra stood up and lazily left. Leaning heavily on his iron crutch.

Vincent sighed helplessly. "Forget it, leave him be."

"That Broken Sword Peak only has him, a single old geezer. The attackers definitely wouldn’t even bother going there."

Nerin asked with concern. "Senior Brother, then what about your Sunblaze Peak?"

"Rest assured." Vincent grinned, confident. "My Sunblaze Peak is as impregnable as a fortress. The strength of the disciples here is the strongest in the entire sect. Relying on our own strength is more than enough."

"If that organization truly lacks eyes and dares to run to my Sunblaze Peak to commit evil, I will absolutely avenge Junior Brother Rorin and Junior Brother Dariel. Ensuring that organization has a path to come but no path to return."

...

Sylra left Sunblaze Peak. Riding his flying sword back to Broken Sword Peak.

Alex was sitting cross legged on the bluestone outside the Hidden Broken Sword Cave. Enthusiastically observing the massive forest before him.

After proficiently mastering the Soul Devouring Swords, he discovered he possessed a brand new ability.

He could directly use his naked eye to see the exact amount of spiritual energy any living creature could provide him.

It was early morning, countless spirit beasts were active in the woods.

Based on the amount of spiritual energy they held, different creatures presented completely different colors in Alex’s eyes.

Two little rabbits at the Body Tempering Realm hopped over the bluestone, faint white light before Alex’s eyes.

An eagle at the Qi Gathering Realm swept through mid air, faint green light.

A vicious wolf at the Foundation Establishment Realm hiding in the dense forest, waiting to hunt. A cluster of faint blue light.

The stronger the cultivation and the more spiritual energy a creature could provide, the deeper the color it appeared.

Just as Alex was observing this colorful, vibrant picture scroll with deep interest, a cluster of dazzling red light shot down from above. Instantly birthing a trace of excitement in his calm heart.

However, when he looked up and focused his gaze, that dazzling red light was shockingly Sylra descending from the sky.

He didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, hurriedly stood up.

"Senior, you’re back?"

"Mm, went to Sunblaze Peak for a meeting." Sylra said faintly. "Brat, for the next few days, stay obediently on Broken Sword Peak. Absolutely do not run around."

"Oh?" Alex asked curiously.

"Why is that?"

"Lately, the Divine Blade Sect is not very peaceful." Sylra narrowed his eyes.

"A group is lurking within the Hundred Thousand Great Mountains. Committing inhumane and bloody atrocities against our sect."

"In the short span of two nights, they successively slaughtered Heaven Turning Peak and Venomscale Peak. Two Peak Masters and forty thousand disciples dead."

"Furthermore, according to Senior Brother Vincent’s speculation, this group likely won’t stop there. They will continue to attack the remaining eight Great Main Peaks."

"The Sect Master has ordered the elites and disciples of several major peaks to merge into one place to defend against the invasion."

Alex nodded thoughtfully. "Senior, then which peak is our Broken Sword Peak merging with?"

"You think too beautifully." Sylra sneered.

"The reason that group slaughters peaks is to absorb nourishment from the disciples’ bodies to elevate their own cultivation."

"Our entire Broken Sword Peak only has you and me, two people. That organization definitely won’t even bat an eye at us."

"Therefore, Senior Brother Vincent only ordered Falling Dust Peak and Radiant Sun Peak to relocate to Spirit Artisan Peak."

"Torin’s Peak and Lorin’s Peak were ordered to relocate to Myriad Transformations Peak."

"So that’s how it is." Alex smiled and nodded. At the same time, he pondered secretly.

What Sylra said was a group. Not a single person.

That proved the Divine Blade Sect still hadn’t determined who the murderer was. Or even whether the opponent was a single person or an entire group.

Alex couldn’t help but ask. "Our Broken Sword Peak is remote with few people, so it naturally won’t become a target."

"Then does Elder Vincent’s Sunblaze Peak not participate in the merger either?"

"Right." Sylra shrugged.

"Sunblaze Peak’s strength is the most robust among the Ten Great Main Peaks."

"Regardless of the peak’s foundation or the disciples’ cultivation, they are far above the other nine peaks."