Chapter 155

"Of course, a treasure with such powerful might can naturally only be used once before turning into an ordinary knife."

"Take this Supreme-Destroying Flying Knife with you. It guarantees Saintess Iris won’t dare to act rashly."

"...Ah?" Blaze’s face instantly turned bitter.

"Saint Lord, isn’t... isn’t this going a bit too far?"

"Such a formidable treasure, how could I dare to accept it?"

"Why don’t you just casually gift me some fortuitous encounter and casually elevate my cultivation to the Mahayana Realm? Wouldn’t that work just fine?"

"Get lost!" Alex scolded with a laugh.

"You little brat, trying to ask me for a fortuitous encounter in a roundabout way, aren’t you?"

"Let me tell you, do the job I gave you properly. When you return to report your mission complete, there will naturally be a reward."

"If you don’t do it well, then not only will I not reward you, but I will make you suffer properly. Understand?"

"...Understood!" Blaze hurriedly nodded his head heavily. No longer daring to harbor the slightest ulterior motive.

"Mm, good that you understand." Alex nodded with a satisfied smile. Waving his hand, he dispelled the restriction barrier above. Letting it transform into golden light and drift away completely.

Blaze sighed bitterly. Had no choice but to tuck the flying knife into his robes. "Saintess Iris, if you please."

...

Above the clouds of the Nine Heavens. Inside a grand hall wreathed in golden light.

The Evergreat Sword Ancestor, sitting upright upon a throne, abruptly opened his eyes.

A sharp, piercing killing intent revealing itself in his gaze.

Beside him, the two Great Protectors, Pureon and Noctar, instantly felt a chill in their hearts.

"Master, what happened?"

The Evergreat Sword Ancestor narrowed his eyes. "The clone this old man left at Sunblaze Peak... has been annihilated."

"What?!" Both Pureon and Noctar’s faces filled with shock.

"Although the clone Master left at Sunblaze Peak only had one-tenth of your true body’s skill, it was still at the peak of the Supreme Realm."

"Coupled with the three great Saint Artifacts Master left behind in the mortal realm, looking at the current world, it should have rarely met its match."

"Just what kind of person would dare be so audacious?"

The Evergreat Sword Ancestor said deeply.

"The Saint Lord of a later generation’s Saint Lineage, named Alex."

"This Alex not only annihilated this old man’s clone..."

"He also snatched away this old man’s two great treasures. The Vault of Divine Mirror and the Vault of Divine Magatama. Taking them for his own."

"Furthermore, within just three short days, he completely washed Heaven-Turning Peak, Venomscale Peak, and Sunblaze Peak in blood. Sixty to seventy thousand disciples slaughtered to the last man."

"The three great elders, Rorin, Dariel, and Vincent, have all fallen in battle."

"What?!" Pureon and Noctar revealed expressions of sheer panic.

"This... how is this possible?"

"Rorin, Dariel, and Vincent were all the most outstanding juniors of the Divine Blade Sect. Ten years ago, we even went down to visit them."

"To think that they actually... all died by the hands of a single person?"

"This Alex, just what kind of figure is he?"

The Evergreat Sword Ancestor did not answer. He narrowed his eyes slightly. Entire body permeating with billowing sword intent.

Feeling the change in his aura, both Pureon and Noctar couldn’t help but tremble.

With their understanding of their master, they knew exactly what this meant. He had formed the intent to kill.

"Master, you cannot personally descend to the lower realm." Pureon said cautiously.

"Lately, the Heavenly Emperor’s Pavilion has been supervising the Saints of the various halls extremely strictly."

"They especially forbid Saints from descending to the lower realm without authorization to interfere in mortal disputes."

"Coupled with the fact that the Extraterrestrial Demons are restless and could invade the Immortal Realm at any moment..."

"If Master descends at this time, the Heavenly Emperor’s Pavilion will inevitably seize this vulnerability. Punishing you severely without pardon to serve as a warning to the other Saints."

The Evergreat Sword Ancestor gritted his teeth tightly, chilling glints shooting from his eyes.

"Then tell me, what should this old man do?"

"Right now, what the Divine Blade Sect is facing isn’t just a matter of revenge."

"That madman Alex is highly likely still lurking within the sect."

"If this old man doesn’t make a move to suppress and kill him, are we truly supposed to just let him slaughter them peak by peak until the entire Divine Blade Sect is completely wiped out?"

The two protectors fell silent for a moment before Noctar spoke cautiously. "Master, this disciple does have a viable plan."

"Speak."

"Right now, the Divine Council is supervising the Saints very strictly. We absolutely cannot personally descend." Noctar said deeply.

"However, Master can pour a portion of your cultivation into the Vault of Divine Blade Heart and send it down to the Divine Blade Sect."

"Then transmit an order to the current Sect Master, Magnus. Have him select a young disciple who is complete in both aptitude and moral character to be Master’s successor. Entrust the Vault of Divine Blade Heart to him."

"Even if it is only a portion of your cultivation, it is enough to make Master’s successor a mighty powerhouse at the peak of the Supreme Realm."

"Coupled with Magnus’s assistance, annihilating that Alex would be as easy as flipping a hand."

The Evergreat Sword Ancestor pondered for a moment. Nodded slightly. "Good. This plan is extremely appropriate."

"Since that is the case, this old man will pour the Mystic Yellow Nine Swords Bloodline and the Nine Stars Divine Sword into the Vault of Divine Blade Heart."

"This way, not only can we annihilate that madman Alex, but from now on, it will also allow this old man’s successor to replace my clone and protect the Divine Blade Sect."

...

The next morning. After the sky brightened.

The entire Divine Blade Sect plunged into a state of panic and sheer, anxious terror.

The annihilation of Sunblaze Peak was even more terrifying than that of Heaven-Turning Peak and Venomscale Peak.

Not only because Sunblaze Peak’s strength was the most robust among the ten Inner Sect peaks.

But more importantly, the demise of Vincent meant they had lost their main pillar of support.