Chapter 168

"This time, although it was my Noir Family who proactively raided the Hale, we did not gain any advantage."

"Not only did we not kill a single person from the Hale family, but on the contrary, our Noir Family lost a full seven to eight hundred elites in battle."

"Furthermore, my Noir Family’s Saint Lord, Cyrus, was also killed by your saint family’s Blaze."

"By comparison, Saint Lord Alex actually didn’t suffer too much of a loss, right?"

A chilling smile curled at the corners of Alex’s mouth. "Garret, what is the meaning of your words?"

"This time you took advantage of my Hale Family’s emptiness to come and invade. It was clearly looting a burning house."

"Thanks to my Hale Family’s First Elder transferring the old, young, women, and children of the clan to a safe place in time, casualties and sacrifices were avoided."

"The reason I didn’t suffer a loss was because of the First Elder guarding the clan with his life. Not because your Noir Family showed mercy."

"Listening to the meaning behind your words, you still want me to pay with my life for your Cyrus, is that it?"

Garret hurriedly shook his head. "Saint Lord Alex misunderstands. That is not what this lowly one meant."

"No matter what, our Noir Family proactively invading is definitely wrong by both reason and emotion."

"To express our apologies, we are willing to return all the spirit stones, resources, and cultivation manuals plundered from the Hale family to Saint Lord Alex."

"Furthermore, from today onwards, our Noir Family is willing to bow our heads and declare ourselves subjects to the Hale family. We will be at your disposal and absolutely will not harbor second thoughts..."

Alex couldn’t help but laugh. As if he had heard the biggest joke in the world, he threw his head back and laughed loudly.

"Hahaha, Garret, you truly are quite the character. Able to bow and able to stand tall."

"Unfortunately, even if you proactively beg for mercy, it is already too late."

"The things you plundered, there is no need for you to return them. I will naturally take them back."

"As for you bowing your heads and becoming subjects, that is even more unnecessary."

"This time, under the circumstances where my Hale Family was completely empty, your Noir Family failed to succeed. Suffered heavy losses. Even had your Saint Lord die."

"This is enough to prove that your Noir Family is nothing but a bunch of useless trash. Mere wine sacks and food bags."

"What use I have for the loyalty of a bunch of trash?"

"Hahahaha!"

Listening to Alex’s ear-piercing laughter, Garret’s heart abruptly sank. His face turning as ashen as death in absolute despair.

The Noir Family crowd to the side were all full of humiliation and anger, gritting their teeth, and clenching their fists.

"First Elder, this guy is bullying people too much!"

"No matter how strong his strength is, he is just one person alone. How can he contend against our entire Noir Family clan?"

"Brothers, let’s risk it all and fight him!"

"Right, let’s fight!"

Seeing the Noir Family disciples around him becoming restless, Garret couldn’t help but look panic-stricken.

"Idiots, shut up!"

No matter how anxiously he roared, it was already futile.

Under Alex’s merciless mockery, the Noir Family crowd was completely enraged.

They brought out their respective strongest spiritual artifacts and rushed toward Alex regardless of everything. Various powerful strikes flew toward Alex in mid-air in perfect unison. Like falling raindrops.

"Heh, this is how it should be." Alex narrowed his eyes. Nodded with a satisfied smile.

"Even if you are just a bunch of small fries, you still have the qualifications to entertain me."

"If everyone was as practical and understood the situation as Garret, then what fun would there be in me traveling all this way to the Noir Family?"

Golden light flowed in Alex’s palm as he summoned a small mirror.

"Vault of Divine Mirror!"

"Vault of Divine Eight-Span Defense!"

A beam of golden light burst from the Vault of Divine Mirror. Instantly transforming into a dazzling light curtain.

The full-power attacks of the over two thousand Noir Family members blasted into mid-air. But the instant they touched the light curtain, they were directly swallowed whole. Vanishing without a trace.

"...Huh?"

"They... disappeared?"

The Noir Family crowd looked at each other. Completely dumbfounded.

The hot-blooded anger from just a moment ago was instantly extinguished by a basin of cold water.

They raised their heads and focused their gaze again.

Alex had already put away the Vault of Divine Mirror. In the palms of his hands, he held a golden magatama each.

"Vault of Divine Sword Jade!"

"Move!"

Tens of thousands of jade swords descended from the sky like a torrential downpour. Sweeping across the Noir Family Holy Land.

The houses and cave dwellings touched by the jade swords instantly collapsed. Leaving golden craters on the ground.

The Noir Family disciples faced an overwhelming slaughter.

Some of the stronger ones exhausted all their abilities to barely block a single jade sword. But this kind of defense was like an ant blocking a tiny raindrop in a torrential storm.

To call it a stubborn resistance would be a massive exaggeration.

In almost an instant, they were crushed into fine powder by another jade sword closely following behind.

This slaughter was not bloody. On the contrary, it gave off a holy feeling of purifying the world.

In an instant, after one round of bombardment, the entire Noir Family was leveled to the ground. Billowing golden light mist rising all around.

Out of the over two thousand Noir Family disciples, over four hundred were turned into ash and smoke.

The remaining thousand or so were all heavily injured, collapsed on the ground, and completely unable to move an inch.

The reason they survived was not because of their high skills. Rather because Alex intentionally showed mercy and retracted the Vault of Divine Sword Jades.

"Alex..." Garret clutched his chest. Panting heavily like a wild beast. His voice hoarse.

"We are fellow Saint Lineages after all. We even worked together in the past."

"Are you truly going to slaughter our entire Noir Family clan to the last man today?"

"No, no, Garret, don’t say it so heartlessly." Alex laughed cheerfully.

"What falls does not fall in vain, it feeds the roots of what blooms next."