Chapter 53

The hairpin was made entirely of profound ice, its tail end shaped into a dazzling golden crescent moon.

A faint blue glow enveloped it, fully demonstrating its extraordinary quality.

"This Profound Ice Blue Moon Hairpin is this Princess’s personal supreme treasure. Its tier has reached the Lower-Grade Supreme tier."

"When you meet Leo, hand this over to him. He will definitely help you."

Knox’s face filled with gratitude, he nodded heavily.

"Thank you, Princess Moon!"

"Once I, Knox, have exacted my great revenge, I will definitely work like a horse to repay Princess Moon’s kindness!"

...

At night, within the Hale family’s holy land.

Alex was resting with his eyes closed when he suddenly thought of something and slowly opened them.

"It seems a month’s time has already passed?"

"Tomorrow should be the day to review the cultivation results of the family’s disciples."

In truth, he didn’t need to formally review their results. For anyone he had invested in, he could monitor their cultivation progress at any time within his sea of consciousness.

Although Alex had initially declared that overachieving would be rewarded and failing would be punished, basically every single disciple had overachieved the baseline goal of breaking through one minor realm.

This wasn’t to say every Hale family disciple was a peerless genius.

First, Alex had gifted every one of them a cultivation manual.

Later, after swindling resources from Alistair, he gifted each person two Origin-Nurturing Pills.

He had invested Providence Points into each of them and poured a hefty dose of inspirational chicken soup into their minds.

Add to that the Heavenly Spirit Flame Lotus passively enhancing their cultivation speed.

Alex was acting as both father and mother. Providing them with the absolute most perfect conditions for success.

With this level of assistance, if they still couldn’t break through a single minor realm, their lack of talent would truly be considered an ancient, world-shaking marvel.

Alex checked the current realms of his investment targets.

The one with the most massive leap was naturally Julian. From the seventh level of the Body Tempering Realm, straight to the third level of the Foundation Establishment Realm.

Fifteen minor realms, leaving everyone else in the dust.

Besides him, several other young people showed excellent aptitude.

Grand Elder Cedric’s son, Lucas: From the sixth level of the Qi Gathering Realm to the second level of the Foundation Establishment Realm.

Second Elder Adrian’s daughter, Joanna: From the fourth level of the Qi Gathering Realm to the first level of the Foundation Establishment Realm.

Third Elder Tobias’s disciple, Erik: From the ninth level of the Body Tempering Realm to the ninth level of the Qi Gathering Realm.

These individuals had all brought Alex profitable returns in Providence Points. He remembered them quite clearly.

"Those who overachieved by more than seven minor realms should receive generous rewards."

"It would be best to gift them suitable items based on their respective cultivation methods."

"When giving gifts, you don’t give the most expensive thing. You give the right thing."

"Lucas cultivates the Art of Hundred Spirits Controlling Fire. This Flame Spirit Orb suits him perfectly."

"Joanna cultivates a hard-body martial art like the Empty Clarity Fist. I shall gift her a pair of Iron Lion Palms to increase her destructive power."

"That brat Erik cultivates the Ghost Expulsion Mantra..."

As Alex was calculating what treasures to arrange for these juniors, he reached out to pick up his teacup.

Empty.

A look of surprise crossed his face.

Serving tea and pouring water was naturally the responsibility of his personal maid, Elara. She was meticulous, incredibly considerate, and attentive. Normally, the moment Alex drank even half his cup, she would immediately refill it.

For as long as she had served him, she had never let his tea go cold. Let alone allowed his cup to sit empty.

What was going on today?

Alex stood up and walked out of the Saint Lord’s manor. He noticed a commotion up ahead. He instantly held his breath, concealed his aura, and quietly walked over.

On the side of the manor, Elara stood with her head lowered, holding a cup of tea in her hands.

Standing directly in front of her were two girls.

Slightly taller than Elara, somewhat better figures, chins tilted up, incredibly overbearing and arrogant.

After a brief thought, Alex recognized them.

One named Oria. The other, Qira. In the past, they had been Isolde’s best friends.

Back when Isolde was in power and throwing her weight around the entire family, she looked down on every other disciple. Only these two maintained a good relationship with her.

In name, "besties" and "good sisters."

In reality, sycophantic lackeys.

Every time Isolde received a massive amount of resources, she would toss leftovers and scraps to them. Naturally, Oria and Qira became her most loyal followers.

When family disciples complained behind Isolde’s back about being stripped of their resources, Isolde didn’t even need to act. Oria and Qira would be the first to step up and teach them a lesson.

"Oh, if it isn’t Elara." Oria raised her chin, sneering disdainfully.

"Where are you off to?"

"To deliver tea to the Saint Lord." Elara said coldly.

"Move out of the way. If the tea gets cold, neither of you will be able to bear the responsibility."

"Heh, serving tea and water to the Saint Lord every day, how majestic." Oria scoffed.

"I heard the Saint Lord rewarded you with a Profound-tier cultivation method."

"How is it that a whole month has passed, and you haven’t improved even the slightest bit?"

"I..." Elara looked embarrassed and muttered softly.

"I am busy serving the Saint Lord every day. I don’t have the time..."

"Is that so?" Qira laughed coldly.

"You hang around the Saint Lord every single day, receiving who knows how many open and hidden benefits from him."

"Yet after muddling along for three to five years, you’re still at the measly second level of the Body Tempering Realm."

"With your level of ability, you don’t even deserve to stay in the Hale family."

"Tell us, exactly what kind of shameful, unmentionable methods did you use to keep the Saint Lord from expelling you from the family for so long?"

"Hahahaha!"

Elara’s face flushed bright red with anger, her delicate body trembling violently.

Yet, her hands remained perfectly, steadily still, not allowing a single drop of tea to spill from the cup.