Chapter 92

From then on, the two of them became the only mother-daughter pair in the protagonist’s harem.

They frequently made appearances as a mother-daughter combo package, serving Knox until he was dead drunk with pleasure...

Beast, disgusting, absolutely fucking disgusting.

This was the only feeling left in Alex’s heart after reading that particular section of the original novel.

Whether it was the protagonist’s actions or the original author accidentally exposing their own bizarre fetish... it was all utterly nauseating.

It was precisely because of this that Alex was so furious looking at Alice right now.

...

Listening to Alex’s merciless, torrential scolding, the Four Great Elders were completely shocked.

Wait... Did the Saint Lord take the wrong medicine again today?!

Usually, no matter what demands these branch family heads made, he was always compliant and accommodating. How was it that today, he was breaking precedent and acting so unbelievably tough?!

Descending like a god to directly 1v4 spray them. Ruthlessly cursing their unreasonable demands right back into their throats.

It was simply...

Too fucking satisfying!

While the Four Great Elders were thrilled in their hearts, they all secretly prepared to take action.

If these branch family heads flew into a rage out of humiliation and ganged up to attack, intending to harm the Saint Lord... then even if their bodies were smashed to pieces and their bones ground to dust, they would absolutely protect the Saint Lord’s safety.

...

After Alex finished cursing, all four of them remained completely silent. Their expressions incredibly bizarre.

The rage in their hearts had clearly reached its absolute peak.

But the last remaining sliver of rationality made them hesitate. Swallow their anger, or flip out and talk back.

Alex stood with his arms crossed. his voice faint.

"I have already made my words incredibly clear."

"Back when your branch families were first established, I provided you with a great deal of support for the sake of our clan ties."

"But that does not mean I owe you."

"Whatever I give you is out of my goodwill. What I do not give you is my rightful duty."

"Now that your major branch families have all grown and expanded..."

"From this day forward, I will not give you another speck of resources for free."

"What?!"

The heads of the four major branch families all instantly panicked.

No matter how powerfully they had developed by now, they were ultimately just peripheral branch clans. They simply couldn’t compare to the massive resources the Main Family sat upon.

Furthermore, in recent days, Alex had obtained countless rare treasures and exotic artifacts.

The Main Family’s power could be called unprecedentedly formidable.

If they could no longer receive the Main Family’s support from this day forward... then the gap between their four branch families and the Hale Main Family would only grow wider and wider.

Eventually, they would be reduced to marginalized nobodies. Casually wiped out of existence.

...

"Saint Lord, please quell your anger! Absolutely do not be angry!"

Oscar Hale, who had just been looking thoroughly humiliated, suddenly changed his tune. He pointed an accusatory finger at Peter Hale and roared furiously.

"It’s all because of you, you damn fat monk! You just had to demand the Saint Lord open the Scripture Pavilion so all the branch disciples could go pick cultivation methods!"

"The Scripture Pavilion is a highly restricted, vital area of the family! Is that something that can be opened casually?!"

"You fat pig! Over these years, you’ve swallowed so many of the Saint Lord’s resources that your brain is stuffed with fat, your intestines are bursting with grease, and your mouth drips with oil!"

"Yet you still have the sheer greed of a snake trying to swallow an elephant! Hurry up and kneel down to kowtow and apologize to the Saint Lord!"

Being cursed out so ruthlessly right to his face, Peter was dumbfounded. Immediately reacting, he said with uncontrollable rage.

"I... here merely hoped the Saint Lord would treat everyone equally! What’s wrong with that?!"

"If we’re talking about greed, it is clearly that old geezer Martin who is too greedy! He actually named and demanded a share of the Saint Lord’s Hibiscus Fruits!"

"What kind of precious treasure are the Hibiscus Fruits?! The Saint Lord is still relying on them to step into the Saint Realm and advance to become a Great Emperor!"

"You old thing, why don’t you take a piss and look at your own reflection to see if you’re worthy?!"

...

Martin Hale, being of old age and high prestige, couldn’t hold his face at all after taking such a foul beating.

However, he was also terrified that his branch family would never receive the Main Family’s resource support again.

Therefore, he had no choice but to turn his cannons toward Alice.

"Virtuous little sister Alice, in this old man’s opinion, you went entirely too far today!"

"Over these years, you’ve relied on doing business to earn so much your pots and bowls are overflowing."

"You are clearly living a prosperous, booming life in the Purple Star Dynasty. Even spent a massive fortune to build a Beast Taming Garden."

"Why must you still cry poor in front of the Saint Lord, claiming you lack food and drink?"

"I see it now! You are clearly wildly ambitious, intending to turn the Saint Lord into a figurehead and replace the Main Family!"

"Hurry up and kneel down to plead guilty to the Saint Lord!"

The corner of Alice’s mouth twitched. Her heart filled with immense speechlessness.

Truly worthy of being an old fox. Oscar Hale and Peter Hale were merely cursing at each other. But when it came to Martin Hale, he directly pinned a treasonous hat right onto her head.

Was he trying to slaughter her as a scapegoat to pacify the Saint Lord’s anger?

Left with no other choice, Alice could only point her guns right back at Oscar Hale’s head.

"Heh. Even if I were wildly ambitious, at the very least I haven’t coveted the Saint Lord’s spiritual artifacts."

"Certain people, however, did indeed name and explicitly demand the Saint Lord’s Jade Sword and Blood Purification Bottle."

"Exactly who is ambitious and who wants to replace the Saint Lord... I don’t need to spell it out, do I?"

...

Watching this scene unfold, the Four Great Elders were instantly dumbfounded.

They never expected this. After the Saint Lord descended like a god to 1v4 spray them with curses...