Chapter 73

"Leo prepared countless venomous insects, plotting to secretly poison us and exterminate the entire Hale family."

"Fortunately, I also traveled to the Five Poisons Valley to seek a fortuitous encounter, stumbled upon his conspiracy, and put a stop to it."

"Had I not, I’m afraid my Hale family would have truly faced an apocalyptic disaster."

Lily and Selene’s expressions drastically changed. They simultaneously glared at Knox.

"Knox, you certainly are audacious!"

"Just to vent your anger, you actually went so far as to collude with a blood-soaked, murderous piece of scum?!" Lily was so furious her almond eyes went wide. Intense anger and profound disappointment filled her gaze.

"To think that back then, just to preserve the Heavenly Spirit Flame Lotus for you, you even made me cast aside my dignity and heal the very enemy who exterminated my entire Burns family!"

"Looking at it now, you truly are a despicable hypocrite who will resort to any means necessary!"

"Princess Jade, I..." Knox’s face was an absolute picture of misery. He wanted to explain but was cut off.

Selene sneered. "Knox, the fact that you could do such a thing is simply too true to your nature."

"Back then, the Duke of Hale was expelled from the Hale family just to help you."

"Yet not only did you show zero gratitude, you even raised your fists against him."

"From that moment on, I knew you were a selfish, cold-blooded beast!"

"Your Majesty, an utterly ruthless person like this will only ruin the pristine reputation of our Heavenly Flame Dynasty."

"In my opinion, it would be better to expel him from the Heavenly Flame Capital."

"From this day forward, whether the Hale family wishes to kill him or slice him to pieces, it will have absolutely nothing to do with us!"

Knox jolted violently. He nearly collapsed onto the floor.

He had already lost the protection of the Divine Blade Sect. His sole remaining patron was the Heavenly Flame Empress.

If he was expelled from the Heavenly Flame Capital, Alex would probably drag him back to the Hale family’s holy land immediately. Dismembered into a hundred pieces. Ashes scattered to the wind.

"Knox, speak." Aurelia looked at him calmly. "Is what Saint Lord Alex said true?"

"Did you truly go to the Five Poisons Valley, planning to collude with the wanted criminal Leo to deal with the Hale family?"

Her words were originally meant to drop a hint. As long as Knox firmly denied it and refused to admit anything, she could figure out a way to mediate.

However, Knox was completely terrified by Selene’s threats. Facing Aurelia’s questioning, how could he dare harbor any clever thoughts?

With a thud, he fell to his knees. His voice cracking as tears streamed down his face.

"Your Majesty, I... I was completely blinded and lost my mind!"

"To exact my revenge, I begged Princess Moon for help."

"It was Princess Moon who gave me the strategy! She told me to go to the Five Poisons Valley to find Leo!"

"I was only confused in the moment and listened to her words!"

"Knox, what did you say?!" Lily looked utterly stunned.

"Sister Lyra... gave you the strategy to find Leo?"

"Utter nonsense!" Selene said furiously.

"Sister Lyra is the most righteous and upright person. She hates evil like a deadly foe."

"How could she possibly suggest that you collude with someone whose sins overflow the heavens?!"

"You bastard, this is clear slander!"

Knox’s face was full of grievance. Weeping bitterly as he pleaded.

"Princess Orchid, everything I’m saying is true!"

"Princess Moon even gave me her Profound Ice Blue Moon Hairpin, telling me to hand it to Leo as payment!"

"If it wasn’t for Princess Moon coming up with this terrible idea, there’s no way I would have traveled all the way to the Five Poisons Valley..."

Aurelia’s beautiful face darkened. Her expression turning as ugly as if she had just swallowed a fly.

She never expected this.

Not only did Knox completely fail to grasp her hint. He actually threw Lyra right under the bus.

This matter was definitely not going to be easily resolved.

Sure enough, Alex instantly seized upon these words.

"So you are saying that colluding with Leo was Princess Moon’s scheme?" Alex narrowed his eyes.

"Knox, can you take responsibility for the words you’ve just spoken?"

"Of course I can!" Knox nodded frantically as if his life depended on it.

"Every word I have spoken is the absolute truth! If there is even half a lie, may the heavens strike me with lightning and may I die without an intact corpse!"

"Heh, then this will be easy." Alex smiled.

"Your Majesty, please summon Princess Moon here."

"If there is something to be said, it is better to lay it all out face-to-face. Wouldn’t you agree?"

"Saint Lord Alex’s words are extremely reasonable..." Aurelia felt a surge of panic but had no choice but to nod helplessly.

"Lily, Selene. Go and summon Lyra."

"There is no need."

Before the two could even move, a cold, clear female voice echoed from outside the hall. An icy, beautiful silhouette slowly stepped into the grand hall.

Lyra.

"Princess Moon..." Knox lowered his head, not daring to look her in the eyes.

Lyra walked right past him without sparing him a single glance. She walked straight up to Alex, nodding slightly.

"Greetings, Saint Lord Alex."

"Princess Moon, please speak." Alex asked with a faint smile.

"Was it you who formulated the plan, telling Knox to go to the Five Poisons Valley to hire the Poison King, Leo, to exterminate my Hale family?"

Lyra was a seasoned veteran of the cultivation world. Facing Alex’s interrogation, she remained perfectly composed and answered with a counter-question.

"For Saint Lord Alex to say such a thing, you must surely have some proof?"

"I wouldn’t dare say I have proof." Alex casually parried, chuckling.

"However, I have long heard that Princess Moon’s Profound Ice Blue Moon Hairpin is a supreme treasure of this world."