Chapter 167

This spirit egg was about the size of an ostrich egg. Holding it, it felt heavy and full of weight.

The eggshell was covered in a layer of light green patterns. Radiating vibrant vitality.

Alex poured spiritual energy into his eyes, yet he could not see through the outer shell.

"It seems this spirit beast blind box cannot be predicted in advance until it successfully breaks out of the shell and hatches."

"Mm... that actually makes sense."

This logic was just like modern hospitals not revealing the gender of a baby during prenatal checkups.

If after redemption, one found that the spirit beast in the shell wasn’t what they wanted, there was a high probability they would just abandon it directly.

If that happened, how many more stray spirit beasts would there be in the world?

No prenatal checkups, no harm done.

"However, there is one point the system made very clear."

"During the incubation process of the spirit egg, absorbing as many souls and blood essence as possible can massively strengthen the spirit beast’s aptitude and growth speed."

Alex narrowed his eyes slightly. A smile curling at the corners of his mouth.

"Just in time. I was about to go on a proper slaughtering spree right now."

"Son, watch your daddy earn some more souls and blood essence for you. Eat your fill, drink well, and work hard to grow up!"

...

Northern Frontier. Noir Family Holy Land.

Garret led over two thousand Noir Family cultivators, panting heavily as they walked over from afar.

When they set off, every single one of them was valiant and spirited. Fully pumped up with energy.

But now as they returned, they were all like defeated roosters. Each drooping their heads. Suffering from quite severe injuries.

No one expected that, despite having once been one of the top-tier Saint Lineages in the current world, their Noir Family mobilized their entire forces and additionally hired two thousand civilian rogue cultivators for assistance.

Yet against a Hale Family missing Alex and the three Great Elders, they were defeated so miserably.

Merely a single Heavenly Clan Protection Formation had caused them heavy casualties and severely damaged their core vitality.

After finally breaking the Formation and fighting their way into the Hale, they were taught a harsh lesson by First Elder Cedric. Ultimately, even their Saint Lord was annihilated by an obscure, nameless junior from the opposing side.

And their harvest was merely a pitiful amount of spirit stones, resources, and cultivation manuals.

This transaction was simply a massive fucking loss.

After enduring untold hardships along the way, having finally made it back to their Holy Land, the Noir Family crowd let out a slight breath of relief.

A few youths came to Garret’s side. Their faces bitter.

"First Elder, what should we do now?"

"We raided the Hale Holy Land this time. With Alex’s character of seeking revenge for the smallest grievance, he will inevitably not let us go."

"And our Saint Lord died at the hands of that brat. Right now, from top to bottom, there isn’t a single person in the entire clan who can contend with Alex."

"In the future, if Alex leads the Hale elites to attack, how will we defend against him?"

Someone suggested. "First Elder, how about we go seek the Heavenly Flame Empress’s protection?"

"The Heavenly Flame Empress advocates peace and strictly forbids mutual infighting among the major Saint Lineages."

"Even if Alex is incredibly arrogant, he still has to give Aurelia some face, right?"

Garret narrowed his eyes. Remained silent for a moment.

"This time, it was our Noir Family who proactively attacked the Hale Family first. We are in the wrong to begin with."

"Even if Alex leads his people here, he can say he came to avenge Cedric. The Heavenly Flame Empress might not necessarily interfere."

"Rather than seeking help from the Heavenly Flame Empress... it’s better to seek refuge with the Crimson Soaring Dynasty!"

"We’ll just take these resources we plundered from the Hale and offer them as a meeting gift to show our filial respect to the Crimson Soaring Heavenly Monarch!"

Everyone’s eyes instantly lit up.

"That’s right!"

"The Crimson Soaring Dynasty and the Heavenly Flame Dynasty are evenly matched in power. Their relationship has been rigid for many years. Incompatible as fire and water."

"The Crimson Soaring Heavenly Monarch is an expert at the peak of the Supreme Realm and is about to step into the Saint Realm. He doesn’t fear Alex at all!"

"If we can secure the Crimson Soaring Dynasty’s protection, wouldn’t we no longer need to worry about the Hale Family’s revenge?"

"The First Elder is wise!"

Just as the Noir Family crowd was overjoyed, looking forward to their beautiful life after defecting to the Crimson Soaring Dynasty...

Above them, a burst of loud, resounding laughter suddenly echoed.

"Hahahaha, wanting to seek the Crimson Soaring Monarch’s protection is actually quite a brilliant move!"

"Garret, you truly live up to your title as the Noir Family’s number one strategist!"

Hearing this vigorous, powerful, and murderously solemn voice, everyone in the Noir Family couldn’t help but shudder all over.

Garret’s face turned ashen green. He looked up and focused his gaze. His heart abruptly sinking into absolute despair.

Alex stood with his arms crossed on top of their Noir Family’s Saint Lord’s Hall. Looking down imperiously at them from his high vantage point.

His face full of deep playfulness.

He looked at them as if looking at prey in the palm of his hand. Having clearly been waiting here for them for quite some time.

"I didn’t expect this guy’s movements to be so fast. Actually arriving at our Noir Family Holy Land one step ahead of us." Garret muttered to himself in terror.

He then took a deep breath. Slowly stepped forward.

With a calm expression, he looked at Alex. Clasped his fists.

"This lowly one is the Noir Family’s First Elder, Garret."

"I wonder for what matter Saint Lord Alex has come here today?"

"Garret, there is no need to play dumb with me." Alex laughed coldly.

"Your Old Thing Cyrus took advantage of my absence to raid my Hale family Holy Land and heavily injure my Hale’s First Elder."

"Today, I have come specifically to settle this account with you."

"So Saint Lord Alex came for this matter." Garret’s expression remained unchanged. He smiled and said, "Since that is the case, this lowly one has a proposal; I wonder if Saint Lord Alex would agree to it."