Chapter 64

The original novel had Joanna die to Leo’s toxic mist during her very first appearance.

Her sole value to the plot was to enrage Adrian, causing him to seek revenge. Which ultimately led to him being killed by Knox as well.

Alex felt a deep sense of injustice regarding this.

That was why he specifically called her out to bring her to the Five Poisons Valley. On this trip, Alex wasn’t just going to crush Knox’s hopes of finding a helper. He was going to snatch Knox’s fortuitous encounter and give it entirely to Joanna.

...

The Five Poisons Valley was located on the northern border of the Heavenly Flame Dynasty.

Spanning an area of eight hundred miles, the entire region was covered in miasma and toxic gas. The living creatures that survived here were almost exclusively venomous beasts harboring lethal toxins.

Right in the absolute center of the valley sat a small settlement named Poison Evasion Village. The only pure land fit for human survival within the entire eight-hundred-mile region.

Inside the courtyard of a dilapidated, thatched cottage. Two people were sitting beneath an old locust tree, chatting cheerfully and having a great time.

One of them was Knox.

The other was a middle-aged man in his thirties or forties.

His appearance was entirely unremarkable, his aura didn’t stand out in a crowd. He wore a simple tank top on his upper body and a pair of short pants below, skinny and shriveled figure, skin tanned dark. Atop his head, a classic, shiny bald spot with pitifully little hair remaining.

He held a wine gourd in his hand, happily gulping from it with deep satisfaction.

This was the absolute strongest existence in the Five Poisons Valley.

The Poison King, Leo.

And the liquid inside that wine gourd wasn’t fine wine. It was a toxic juice brewed from over thirty different types of deadly venoms.

"Knox, I’ve heard of you." Leo wiped his mouth and chuckled.

"The savior of the Heavenly Flame Empress, a truly illustrious reputation."

"However, since you’ve come looking for me, you should know my rules."

"Without benefits, you have no way of making me exert effort."

"Senior Leo, this junior naturally understands." Knox nodded and smiled faintly.

"To express my sincerity, this junior specifically brought a treasure to show my respect!"

"Oh?" Leo’s eyes lit up. "What treasure?"

Knox unhurriedly took out the Profound Ice Blue Moon Hairpin from his space ring.

Seeing this elegantly crafted hairpin, enveloped in a layer of chilling, eerie blue light, Leo instantly reacted like a starving wolf catching the scent of fresh meat. His eyes burst with intense greed.

"This is the personal supreme treasure of the Heavenly Flame Dynasty’s Princess Moon? The Profound Ice Blue Moon Hairpin?"

"Knox, how did it end up in your hands?"

"To tell you the truth, Senior Leo, my arrival at the Five Poisons Valley today was entirely guided by Princess Moon." Knox smiled faintly.

"Princess Moon said that Senior Leo possesses profound cultivation and values loyalty and righteousness above all else."

"She said you would definitely help me exact my vengeance and wipe out Alex in one fell swoop!"

"Hahaha! To think Princess Moon holds me in such high regard, I am truly flattered!" Leo was thoroughly enjoying the flattery, his grin practically stretching to the back of his head.

"Knox, put your mind at ease."

"Although that Alex is the Saint Lord of the Hale family and his cultivation has reached the seventh level of the Supreme Realm..."

"...To me, Leo, taking his life is as easy as flipping my hand!"

"Any one of my five deadly poisons can easily poison him until his soul scatters and his mind shatters."

"Brat, without further delay, let us head to the Hale family’s holy land right now and obliterate Alex!"

"Thank you, Senior Leo!" Knox’s heart stirred. He smiled mysteriously.

"Senior, aside from killing Alex, I have one more purpose for coming to the Five Poisons Valley."

"I heard there is a Thousand Poisons Demon Cave in the valley, and hidden within is a fortuitous encounter that has been gestating for over five hundred years."

"I wonder if Senior Leo knows of this matter?"

Leo froze slightly before breaking into a wide grin.

"Hahaha! I knew you didn’t travel all this way just to ask for my help."

"You’re talking about the Innate Poison Cloud inside the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave, aren’t you?"

"Exactly!" Knox nodded excitedly.

"Senior Leo knows about it?"

"Of course I know." Leo stroked his chin and smiled confidently.

"That Innate Poison Cloud is a fortuitous encounter left behind by the Thousand Poisons Saint upon his ascension."

"As long as one consumes it, they can obtain the Innate Poison King Saint Body."

"Not only does it grant immunity to a thousand poisons, but one can also manipulate toxic mist at will, becoming the absolute number one poison master in the world."

"However, the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave is fraught with extreme danger. Crawling with venomous insects and vicious beasts, as well as countless toxic demonic gases capable of completely corroding human flesh and blood."

"The Innate Poison Cloud is located in the absolute deepest part. Trying to find it is practically a journey of nine deaths and one life."

Knox said earnestly. "That is exactly why this junior has come to seek Senior Leo’s help."

"I request Senior Leo to accompany me to the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave to find the Innate Poison Cloud!"

"Now that, I cannot agree to." Leo smiled and shook his head.

"I cultivate over a dozen types of venomous insects within my own body."

"Many of them are fated natural enemies to the venomous creatures inside the cave."

"If I enter and happen to run into those wicked beasts, it would be extremely troublesome."

Knox froze slightly. A look of disappointment appeared on his face.

Leo grinned. "Brat, don’t be depressed."

"Although I cannot go with you, I can give you a map."

"Once you enter the Thousand Poisons Demon Cave, as long as you follow the route on the map..."

"...You will definitely be able to find the Innate Poison Cloud safely and smoothly!"

A joyful smile instantly reappeared on Knox’s face.

"Senior Leo, are your words true?"