Chapter 144

Her breathing quickened, her delicate body trembled. Not daring to meet Alex’s gaze, she lowered her head and said cautiously. "Saint Lord Alex, to heal my injuries... do you need to hold me?"

"I do." Alex condensed spiritual energy at his fingertips, then directly and domineeringly stuffed his index and middle fingers into Iris’s mouth.

"Mmph?! Saint Lord Alex..."

"Don’t speak. Swallow it."

After swallowing this cluster of Alex’s spiritual energy, Iris instantly felt her cultivation recover significantly. The injury on her abdomen healed along with it.

Her face filled with joy. "Saint Lord Alex, thank you!"

"It was just lifting a finger. No need to thank me." Alex waved his hand. "Right, I have a question to ask you."

"Do you know if there are two Swords of the Martial Ancestor in this Divine Blade Sect?"

"Hmm? Swords of the Martial Ancestor?" Iris pondered carefully for a long time, then shook her head.

"I’ve never heard of them. What’s wrong?"

Alex acted as if nothing was amiss. Smiled and waved his hand. "It’s nothing. Hurry up and go."

"Alright. Then Saint Lord Alex, you should also retreat quickly. This place is not suitable to stay for long." Iris gave a word of warning, then bid farewell and quietly walked out of the dungeon.

Watching her receding back, Alex pondered secretly.

Iris is the Saintess of the Divine Blade Sect. She has stayed in the sect for over two hundred years. Her knowledge and experience must definitely be much broader than Aya’s.

Even she doesn’t know about the Swords of the Martial Ancestor. Could it be that these Swords simply do not exist?

Just as Alex was deep in thought, the system’s notification sound echoed in his ears.

[Ding! Host has successfully taken advantage of the Chosen One’s Master. The Chosen One’s luck has decreased by 5,000. Obtained 10,000 Providence Points!]

Alex froze. Instantly not knowing whether to laugh or cry.

Wait a minute.

I was healing Iris, okay? Who took advantage of her? Tsk, this system really has a dirty mind. Seeing everything as dirty.

But speaking of which... it seems I’ve unlocked another excellent method for farming Providence Points.

...

After Iris escaped the dungeon, she knocked out a guard disciple at the door. Snatching that disciple’s sword, she prepared to use sword flight to escape Sunblaze Peak.

However, just as she tossed the sword into mid-air, a sword beam blasted over from afar. Directly slashing the sword into fine powder.

"What?!" Iris’s pupils shrank, terror on her face.

The next second, over a thousand figures descended from the sky. Surrounding her tightly in the center.

All of them elites of Sunblaze Peak, highly cultivated elite disciples, deacons, protectors and envoys.

At the head was precisely Vincent’s most trusted eldest disciple, Lone.

"Saintess Iris, you truly are disappointing." Lone stood with his hands behind his back. Sneering coldly.

"Master said you would definitely take the opportunity to escape at night. So he ordered me to come and capture you."

"I originally argued that Saintess Iris is upright and would never commit the act of a prison break."

"Yet I didn’t expect you to actually act exactly as Master predicted. Daring to knock out a guard disciple and flee the grand prison."

"According to the iron laws of the Divine Blade Sect, I have no choice but to execute you on the spot."

A mocking sneer curled at the corners of Lone’s mouth as he unhurriedly raised his hand.

The next second, hundreds of disciples beside him drew their swords. Gleaming, sharp blades aimed right at Iris.

Facing the chilling coldness of those blades, Iris’s heart sank. She closed her eyes in despair.

"Kill!"

At Lone’s command, a dozen disciples rushed forward, preparing to execute Iris.

She had already calmly welcomed the arrival of death. But right in the nick of time, a murderous purple sword descended from the sky. Landing right in front of her.

It blasted out a semi-circular purple sword intent. Mixed with the sounds of ghosts weeping and wolves howling.

In merely the blink of an eye, it shattered the swords in the hands of Lone and the over a thousand disciples around him into fine powder.

"This sword..." Seeing the Purple Cloud Demon Sword planted upright before him, Lone froze slightly. His expression changed drastically, sweat pouring down his forehead like rain.

Toward this sword billowing with purple mist, it was impossible for any cultivator in the entire Divine Blade Sect to feel unfamiliar.

In just two short nights, this sword had harvested the lives of a full forty thousand people across two peaks, envoy, protectors, and even Peak Masters.

The next second, Alex descended from the sky. Draped in a black robe. He stood expressionlessly with his arms crossed in front of Iris.

The crowd of Sunblaze Peak protectors and disciples instantly filled with terror, crying out in shock.

"This... this guy is that devil?!"

"Heavens, he... he actually came straight for our Sunblaze Peak!"

First annihilating Heaven-Turning Peak, then Venomscale Peak. Over these two days, although Alex hadn’t been caught with the slightest flaw, his reputation had long spread to a miraculous degree. He was being called a devil.

"Saint Lord Alex..." Looking at his back, which provided a massive sense of security, Iris was moved but also felt worry in her heart.

She was incredibly clear about how bloody and cruel this man’s methods were.

The appearance of the Purple Cloud Demon Sword was enough to prove that the tragedies of Heaven-Turning Peak and Venomscale Peak were entirely his handiwork.

Relying on Lone and these protectors and envoys, they were absolutely not Alex’s match.

If Alex’s vicious nature flared up and he washed the entire Sunblaze Peak in blood, then she would completely solidify her infamous reputation of murdering her master, usurping power, and being disloyal and unrighteous.

"Your Excellency’s cultivation is truly remarkable. This lowly one admires you to the utmost." Lone forcefully suppressed his inner terror and walked forward with a face full of smiles, clasped his fists.

"This lowly one is the Vice Peak Master of Sunblaze Peak, Lone."