Chapter 175

"Looking at it now, this Vault of Divine Mirror is the true divine artifact!"

Alex’s figure flashed. He descended from the sky. Right in front of the crowd of guards, he swaggered past them.

When passing by Lily, he suddenly thought of something and stopped in his tracks. Turning his head to look at her with a smile.

"Jade Princess, long time no see."

"By the way, many thanks for the Heavenly Spirit Flame Lotus you gifted me last time. It indeed helped improve the cultivation progress of my Hale Family’s young disciples quite a bit."

"After this Secret Realm concludes, I will definitely treat you to a proper cup of tea."

With that, Alex hummed a little tune and walked toward the Secret Realm entrance. From beginning to end, Lily couldn’t even blink an eyelid.

At the deepest part of the Heavenly Flame Canyon was a rock wall a hundred meters tall. Carved upon it were tens of thousands of golden Sacred characters. Radiating a thick, imposing majesty.

This mountain rock was exactly the piece the Ancient Phoenix King had shattered with his spiritual energy before his ascension.

Behind the rock wall was the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm that drove the crowd of cultivators completely mad with desire.

"Normally speaking, only the Ancient Phoenix King’s bloodline descendant, Aurelia, can rely on her bloodline aura to open the Secret Realm seal."

"However, this can’t trap me either."

Alex raised his index and middle fingers. Narrowing his eyes as he circulated his spiritual energy.

"Six Paths Wheel of Destruction Art, Asura Path!"

"Seal-Breaking Hundred Ghosts Sword!"

The Six Paths Wheel emerged. Radiating a sharp, fierce aura of blades and weapons. Alex casually waved his hand. Drew a black treasured sword from the wheel.

The sword was entirely ink-black. Emitting billowing black mist, bursts of anomalous sounds resembling ghosts crying and wolves howling.

Engraved upon the blade was a baby face split into two halves, looking incredibly terrifying.

This sword was named the Seal-Breaking Hundred Ghosts Sword.

One of the dozens of weapons Alex had copied in the Hidden Broken Sword Cave back then. Like the Purple Cloud Demon Sword, it belonged to a traitor who had defected from the Divine Blade Sect.

The grade of this sword was only High-Grade Heaven and Earth-tier. Not even comparable to the Low-Grade Supreme-tier Purple Cloud Demon Sword. However, it possessed a very powerful ability.

Seal-Breaking.

Alex held the sword hilt horizontally, expression cold and stern. Sword intent permeating his entire body.

He poured spiritual energy into the Seal-Breaking Hundred Ghosts Sword. The blade instantly emitted an even more shrill and miserable sound of ghosts crying and wolves howling.

It practically echoed throughout the entire Heavenly Flame Canyon. Making one’s hair stand on end in absolute terror.

Alex pondered the records he had seen in the Hidden Sword Pavilion. Muttering to himself with deep interest.

"The master of this Seal-Breaking Hundred Ghosts Sword was the former Peak Master of Venomscale Peak, named Master Ghost Poison."

"The Divine Blade Sect is a righteous and orthodox sect, yet this person was an evil path cultivator. He only became a Peak Master because he once saved Master Vincent’s life."

"Relying on his authority as a Peak Master, Ghost Poison frequently ordered the disciples under his command to execute dangerous missions that exceeded their capabilities. Resulting in their failure and death."

"And his true objective was to use the resentful souls and corpse energy of the fallen disciples to forge this Seal-Breaking Hundred Ghosts Sword."

"Within just a single short month, Ghost Poison caused the deaths of a hundred disciples whose cultivation had reached the Nascent Soul Realm and above. Successfully gathering their resentful souls to forge this sword."

"From then on, he moved unimpeded. Treating the entirety of Venomscale Peak as his own nourishment treasury. Treating the entire Divine Blade Sect as his personal backyard garden."

"The reason for this overarching success was precisely the seal-breaking power of this sword."

Alex traced his index and middle fingers across the sword blade. A frivolous, playful look curling at the corners of his mouth.

"This Seal-Breaking Hundred Ghosts Sword can crack absolutely all seals in the world."

"Furthermore, its seal-breaking does not rely on brute force, but rather on the conceptual cracking of the power of resentment."

"Even restrictions at the Saint or Great Emperor level cannot defend against the infiltration of resentful souls."

"Relying on this secretly forged sword, Ghost Poison shuttled back and forth between the various peaks every night."

"The consequence was that the treasured swords and spiritual artifacts of the various Peak Masters and Elders, including various rare and peerless medicinal pills, all mysteriously disappeared."

"Unfortunately, human greed is like a snake trying to swallow an elephant."

"This Ghost Poison was far too stupid. Actually setting his designs on the Divine Blade Sect’s clan-protecting spiritual treasures, the Swords of the Martial Ancestor."

"Ultimately, he was annihilated by Arcan, who guarded the Swords of the Martial Ancestor. Which can be considered getting what he deserved."

"However, to be able to leave this Seal-Breaking Hundred Ghosts Sword for me, then his death has already been put to its best use."

Alex narrowed his eyes slightly, shouted sternly. "Hundred Ghosts Seal Breaking, move!"

He poured in spiritual energy. A streak of sword beam mixed with the vigorous power of resentful spirits violently blasted out.

The instant it made contact with the power of the resentful spirits, the golden light radiating from the Sacred characters on the rock wall entirely dimmed.

Accompanied by a profound, prolonged, and ancient muffled rumble, the originally airtight rock wall slowly opened toward the left and right.

It revealed a passageway just wide enough for one person to enter and exit.

Alex took a deep breath. Feeling the leisurely sword intent transmitting from within the Secret Realm, he couldn’t help but reveal a look of excitement.

"No wonder all the major families rumored that this year’s Heavenly Flame Secret Realm possesses the most abundant fortuitous encounters in the past century. Sure enough, these words are not false!"

"Fortunately, I went to annihilate the Noir Family and happened to pass by on the way back, taking a look. Otherwise, wouldn’t it have ruined the grand plan?"

To tell the truth, with Alex’s perspective and horizons, it didn’t matter whether he had these fortuitous encounters or not.

Anyway, he sat upon a massive Providence Mall. Whatever fortuitous encounters he wanted, he could directly redeem them himself.