Chapter 268

Knox, carrying the unconscious Aya on his back, arrived at the foot of the mountain from afar. Looking at the towering, majestic mountain seething with black mist reaching into the clouds before him, he couldn’t help but gulp down a mouthful of saliva.

"So this is the legendary Hundred Ghost Mountain Range, the forbidden zone for the living? Its imposing aura is indeed extraordinary..."

Just standing in the distance looking at it, Knox felt his back go numb with a creeping horror.

It felt as if tens of thousands of pairs of eyes were already staring fixedly at him, simultaneously coveting the yang energy and flesh of his body while greedily swallowing their saliva.

Knox took deep breaths for a long while before finally mustering enough courage and resolutely stepping onto the path up the mountain.

The exact moment he entered the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range, dozens of malicious ghosts enveloped in black mist with bloody faces and green fangs instantly appeared out of thin air, accompanied by the sounds of wailing ghosts and howling wolves.

They opened their bloody maws and lunged to bite and tear at him.

These malicious ghosts all possessed cultivation at the Enlightenment Realm.

With his mere Nascent Soul Realm, he was fundamentally incapable of resisting them. However, Knox forcefully suppressed the terror in his heart. Acting as if he hadn’t seen these ugly freaks, he gritted his teeth and walked up the mountain.

The exact moment the dozens of malicious ghosts pounced, ten thousand streams of golden light instantly burst forth from Aya’s body.

The golden light transformed into golden swords of light, slashing toward the malicious ghosts around them.

The ghosts clearly hadn’t expected that these two mere Nascent Soul Realm cultivators could erupt with such terrifying power.

By the time they wanted to flee, it was already far too late. In almost an instant, the dozens of malicious ghosts were entirely wiped out, letting out miserable shrill screams one after another.

"That Petra truly didn’t lie to me!" Knox’s eyes lit up.

"Relying on the power of the Innate Sword God Saint Body, the ghosts on this mountain can’t do anything to me!"

"I can travel unimpeded within this Hundred Ghost Mountain Range, successfully reaching the North High Peak and finding the Nether Earth Ghost King!"

"Hmph, Aya Cale, you’ve usurped this young master’s Vault of Divine Sword Heart for so long. Now it’s time to return it!"

...

The time of one incense stick later, Alex also arrived at the foot of the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range. Looking at the towering mountains seething with black mist and featuring layer upon layer of peaks, a trace of surprise arose in his heart.

"Is this the legendary Hundred Ghost Mountain Range? It truly deserves to be a forbidden zone that makes people pale at the mention of it. If I were to just barge in, I’m afraid it wouldn’t be a wise choice..."

As far as Alex knew, within the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range, besides the Four Great Ghost Kings whose strength was at the peak of the Supreme Realm, the vast majority of other malicious ghosts were around the Enlightenment, Void Amalgamation, and Mahayana Realms. The higher one climbed, the more formidable the ghosts’ cultivation became.

Although with Alex’s abilities, dealing with these ghosts would be more than enough.

But caution sails a ship for ten thousand years, and a mighty dragon doesn’t suppress the local snake.

Within the bounds of the mountain range, even with the protection of the Rakshasa Saint Body, he would still be affected by the yin qi and ghost qi. Facing tens of thousands of malicious ghosts swarming the mountains and plains with their endless sneak attacks, no matter how careful he was, it would be hard to avoid being ambushed.

"Mhm, what should I do... I’ve got it!"

Alex pondered only a moment before coming up with a brilliant plan. He smiled faintly, summoning two Ghost Servant Contracts from his storage ring.

"Using ghosts to deal with ghosts is the truly correct solution."

Immediately, inner force circulated within his body, gathering at his palm before he blasted it into the ground. "Six Paths Wheel of Destruction Technique, Hungry Ghost Path, manifest!"

A golden wheel instantly burst out of the soil, floating behind his back.

As his comprehension of the Six Paths Wheel of Destruction Technique continued to deepen, Alex had discovered some interesting points. When using different paths, the summoned six paths wheel had slight, subtle differences.

When using the Animal Path, the wheel appeared a faint green, radiating a primitive wildness.

When using the Asura Path, the wheel appeared a faint white, radiating a sharp weapon aura.

And right now, using the Hungry Ghost Path, the wheel was enveloped in a faint purple mist, radiating thick yin qi and ghost qi.

Alex was once again convinced that choosing this cultivation method as his starting foundation was truly a wise choice.

While he was pondering, the six paths wheel had finished condensing and began to slowly revolve. Alex raised his index and middle fingers, chanting the incantation of the Hungry Ghost Path in a low voice.

"Devouring Yin Ghost, come out!"

Following his explosive shout, a burly arm seething with black mist abruptly reached out from within the six paths wheel.

On this arm grew pairs of blood-red eyeballs, looking absolutely terrifying. Relying on the support of this single arm, this creature’s entire body finally emerged from the narrow six paths wheel.

This guy was 100 feet tall, his physical size even more massive than the Three Firmaments Supreme Beings he had summoned before, brimming with imposing aura. Flesh-colored eyeballs covered his entire body from top to bottom, connected by slender red threads.

They seemed to possess their own minds, blinking constantly one after another.

"Is this the Devouring Yin Ghost recorded in the Record of the Six Paths’ Ten Thousand Ghosts, with cultivation reaching the Eighth Level of the Supreme Realm?"

"Good heavens, he looks much more awe-inspiring than an Eighth Level Supreme Realm human..."