Chapter 213

As a result, in the blink of an eye, the Evergreat Sword Ancestor retaliated against him.

Right now, his first level Body Tempering cultivation was as frail as an ant, anyone could stomp him to death with a single foot.

If the dignified Saint Lord of the Hale family were killed by some ordinary disciple of the Divine Blade Sect... it was estimated that those who had enmity with him would be so happy they’d faint from laughing.

The entire Hale family, regardless of how strong or weak their power was, would be reduced to the laughingstock of the world, mocked for hundreds or even thousands of years.

"Meow." Just as Alex was feeling despair, Pearl on his shoulder comfortingly patted his face with its paw.

"Pearl, fortunately I still have you." Alex revealed a bitter smile, rubbing Pearl’s head helplessly.

"I’m very sorry, right now I cannot protect you either."

"Inside this Azure Dragon Valley, the two of us can only depend on each other for survival."

...

After all the disciples entered the Azure Dragon Valley, the several elders arrived above the valley together with Magnus.

In mid-air floated a white auspicious cloud, this was the observation platform Aerin had set up in advance.

Arriving on the auspicious cloud, Magnus casually waved his hand, summoning a Divine Secret Sphere.

The Divine Secret Sphere projected over a hundred light curtains.

Connecting to the perspective of every single disciple respectively, illuminating every corner of the Azure Dragon Valley.

After summoning the light curtains, Magnus yawned and said lazily. "Junior Brother Aerin, I’ll leave it to you to keep an eye on things here."

Aerin froze. "Sect Master, what about you?"

"Me? I just returned from wandering, I’m going to sleep for a bit first." Magnus chuckled and waved his hand.

"Once the results are out, just come notify me."

Magnus’s figure flashed, transforming into a streak of pure sword intent and drifting off into the distance.

The remaining elders couldn’t help but smile helplessly and shake their heads.

"The Sect Master is still the same as always. There’s truly nothing we can do about him."

The crowd stood with their hands behind their backs, watching the light curtains.

Their attention basically entirely on the new disciples of their own peaks.

"Hahaha, has everyone seen it?" Torin’s eyes gleamed.

"I knew it. My Blair’s progress must be the fastest!"

The crowd unanimously cast their gazes toward the light curtain Torin was watching.

While other disciples encountered traps or fierce beasts on their way up and were currently entangled... Blair alone held a Thundering Sword in his hand.

Every time he encountered a fierce beast, he directly swung his sword to slaughter it, never pausing for more than ten seconds.

With these sharp and decisive methods, Blair advanced unimpeded. Leading the others by a massive distance.

"How is this brat dealing with the fierce beasts so easily?" Loris revealed a look of suspicion, he condensed spiritual energy at his fingertip and tapped it on Blair on the light curtain.

The detected result was shockingly the Ninth Level of Body Tempering.

"The Ninth Level of Body Tempering?! No wonder..." The elders instantly revealed expressions of horror.

"Within this Sword God Restriction, how long has it been since we’ve seen a talent capable of still reaching the ninth level!"

The Sword God Restriction was a seal unique to the Azure Dragon Valley. As long as one entered the valley, everyone’s major realm would be sealed to the Body Tempering Stage.

As for the minor realm, that relied on innate aptitude to determine.

In previous years, reaching around the sixth level was already considered quite good aptitude.

Reaching the seventh level meant no fierce beast would be a match.

The eighth level basically meant they had already reserved the position of champion.

Yet this Blair actually reached the ninth level. This meant his future prospects were immeasurable, he was absolutely a talent fit for Supreme.

"Senior Brother Torin, congratulations on acquiring such a formidable disciple!"

"It seems the champion of this year’s assessment belongs to him and no one else!"

Listening to the voices of compliment and flattery, Torin revealed a smug smile, feeling quite honored to share in the glory.

Suddenly, he noticed Sylra beside him not saying a word. He immediately leaned over with a cheap, annoying expression.

"Senior Brother Sylra, how do you think my disciple’s aptitude is?"

"Just average." Sylra still stood with his arms crossed.

"Compared to my Taryn, he is still lacking a bit."

"Oh?" Torin raised an eyebrow, looking toward the light curtain Sylra was watching.

Seeing Alex on the light curtain, who hadn’t taken a single step forward and was just standing in his original spot with a sorrowful face muttering to himself... he instantly revealed the smug smile of a petty man achieving success, unable to help but laugh out loud.

"Hahaha, Senior Brother Sylra, is this the talent you have your eye on?"

"From the looks of him, never mind getting a result... whether he can even finish the whole course is a problem!"

The elders successively gathered around, seeing Alex standing in his original spot completely indifferent and unmoving, they couldn’t help but reveal mocking smiles.

Loris’s expression was complicated. He probingly summoned spiritual energy and tapped it on Alex.

The next second, seeing Alex’s First Level Body Tempering cultivation, everyone fell silent.

After a long while, Torin was the first to react, laughing so hard tears were about to fall out.

"Hahahaha, the... the First Level of Body Tempering?"

"Rare, rare, truly rare!"

"This is far more uncommon than my Blair!"

If there was anything in the Azure Dragon Valley rarer than the Ninth Level of Body Tempering... then it was only the First Level of Body Tempering.

The Ninth Level of Body Tempering was considered a prodigy with surpassing aptitude, guaranteed to at least reach the Supreme Realm.

Whereas the First Level of Body Tempering was basically a complete and utter piece of trash, without a single redeeming quality!