Chapter 220

After the time it takes an incense stick to burn, Knox crossed over a mountain ridge.

He happened to run right into four people walking toward him.

Originally, whenever Knox saw other people, he would lose interest and directly walk away.

But at this very moment, seeing these four people, he instantly stopped, a chilling, ferocious sneer curling at the corners of his mouth.

These four were none other than the four senior disciples who frequently bullied him in the Sanitation Department.

"Heh, four Senior Brothers, what a coincidence."

"Hmm?"

Originally, bumping into a stranger made the four of them nervous.

Upon seeing clearly that the other party was alone, and was exactly the Knox they casually bullied on a daily basis, they instantly revealed contemptuous smiles.

"Heh, I wondered who it was. Isn’t this Junior Brother Knox?" Boris stepped forward, sneering coldly.

"I didn’t expect you to actually have the courage to participate in the assessment. Aren’t you afraid of making a fool of yourself?"

"Speaking of which, it’s been so long, and you still haven’t been bitten to death by fierce beasts, truly good luck."

The four of them threw their heads back and laughed loudly, their laughter filled with the utmost playful mockery.

Knox also narrowed his eyes slightly, and a chilling smile curling at the corners of his mouth.

"Heh, indeed."

"If I had known the threshold for this assessment was so low that even trash like you four could participate, I wouldn’t have come."

"What did you say?!" Boris furrowed his brows, a trace of ferocious coldness revealing itself in his eyes.

"Brat, could it be we didn’t give you enough chores normally, giving you the guts to be so rude to us?"

"Or do you think that inside this Azure Dragon Valley, we wouldn’t dare to teach you a lesson?"

"Let me tell you, you are nothing but a dog. You will forever only be able to do the lowliest, dirtiest, and most exhausting chores in the Sanitation Department."

"Hoping to rely on the assessment and dumb dog-shit luck to turn your life around? Not a chance in hell."

Boris walked up to Knox. Still intending to ruthlessly slap him across the face twice just like he normally did.

However, his hand had just fallen when Knox casually waved his hand, backhanding and firmly gripping his wrist.

"You..."

"Ah!"

With a crisp crack, the carpal bones of Boris’s wrist were directly crushed. His face instantly turned pale white, he let out a shrill, miserable scream.

"Let go!"

Knox sneered coldly, directly blasting out a palm strike that knocked Boris flying several meters away.

"Senior Brother Boris!" The other three hurriedly helped support Boris up. Only then discovering in terror... Knox’s cultivation completely surpassed theirs, shockingly reaching the Tenth Level of Body Tempering.

"Brat, you... how could your cultivation be so formidable?" Boris’s face changed abruptly.

"Could it be you are not affected by this Sword God Restriction?!"

"Heh, blame it only on you four incompetent fools for acting like snobbish dogs looking down on people." A trace of murderous aura revealed itself in Knox’s eyes, he drew the sword from his waist.

The four finally realized that the Knox they used to bully wantonly had today become a tough bone to chew.

Instantly, every single one of them was incomparably terrified, turning their heads to run regardless of everything.

The four had mediocre cultivation, after entering the Azure Dragon Valley, their cultivation was suppressed to the Fourth Level of Body Tempering.

Let alone fighting Knox, even if they ran, they couldn’t outrun him.

They had barely run a dozen meters when Knox leaped up, directly blocking their path of retreat.

"You... what are you trying to do?" Boris said in terror.

"Let me tell you, it’s the assessment period right now! If you dare hurt us, Elder Loris will absolutely not spare you!"

"Heh, trying to use Elder Loris to pressure me?" Knox sneered coldly.

"Today, even immortal gods cannot save you!"

Without any hesitation, Knox swung his sword forward and initiated a massive killing spree.

Seeing they couldn’t escape, Boris and the others had no choice but to harden their hearts and rise up to resist. However, relying on their Fourth Level Body Tempering cultivation, even if all four attacked together, they were no match for Knox.

In an instant, the four entirely became dead souls under Knox’s sword. Each person stabbed over a dozen times, their corpses reduced to a mangled mess of blood and flesh.

...

Watching Knox leave behind four bloody corpses and continue walking into the distance as if nothing happened... Loris’s face was ashen green, trembling violently with anger.

"This beast actually dares to openly murder fellow disciples! With such bloody methods, he is simply treating my Divine Blade Sect’s rules as nothing!"

"Senior Brothers, you wait here. I’m going to drag this little beast out and cripple his cultivation!"

However, just as Loris was preparing to leave, Lorin pressed down on his shoulder.

"Brother Loris, hold on." Lorin smiled.

"This Knox is a rare prodigy unseen in a millennium."

"Furthermore, in this year’s assessment, he has great hope of seizing the championship. Becoming a leading figure among the younger generation."

"I think you had better not stop him."

"Brother Lorin, what are you saying?" Loris said in astonishment.

"But... that Knox intentionally killed four people..."

"So what?" Blake said indifferently.

"The ones he killed were nothing more than mere Fourth Level Body Tempering cultivators, their cultivation is mediocre, they might not even be able to enter the inner sect."

"Could it be that to avenge four pieces of trash, you want to cripple the talent of a future Great Emperor?"

"Brother Loris, if you truly did that, then we would be the ones committing a sin!"

Torin also successively spoke up, defending Knox.

Loris gritted his teeth, his face full of indignant anger.

He knew that the reason these people were speaking up for Knox wasn’t just out of pity for his genius.

It was even more so because this genius could potentially be used by them.

After the assessment, all disciples with outstanding achievements would have a chance to re-select a peak and acknowledge a master.

These people had definitely already started calculating in their hearts, wanting to take Knox under their wing.