Chapter 267

At this very moment, there was a pale green dot of light positioned in the area of the South.

This point of light represented the tracking insect Isolde had planted on Knox’s body. Right now, the dot had stopped moving, indicating that Knox was currently in a stationary state.

Alex frowned slightly. He touched his index and middle fingers to the light screen, zooming in on the topography of the Southern region and making it much more detailed.

As the two of them focused their gazes, they instantly revealed expressions of surprise. The location where the light dot rested was a mountain peak seething with black mist.

Isolde revealed a look of astonishment. "This is..."

"Correct." Alex narrowed his eyes and said deeply.

"The Hundred Ghost Mountain Range."

The Hundred Ghost Mountain Range was located in the southernmost part of the Southern region, at the very border of the Heavenly Flame Dynasty. Because the location was far too remote, it essentially fell outside of Aurelia’s jurisdiction. Some people with deep-seated hatred who wanted to arrange a life-and-death duel would choose the vicinity as their battleground.

When a person was killed, their corpse would be buried on the spot, and their soul would be directly trapped on the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range, unable to be reincarnated for all eternity.

In the Heavenly Flame Dynasty, the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range was also the only place where only the Ghost Race was permitted to approach.

It wasn’t exactly that the Human Race was forbidden from approaching, but rather because the mountains and plains were swarming with various wandering souls and wild ghosts drifting about.

Because they were unable to leave the mountain range, every single one was a starving ghost with a rumbling stomach.

The moment they sniffed the aura of a living human, they would immediately pounce and suck the person dry into a human husk.

"This Knox took Aya and ran to a place like the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range. What is he trying to do?" Isolde said in astonishment.

"Could it be he wants to murder Aya, let her be devoured by the starving ghosts, and dispose of the corpse on the spot so there’s no evidence?"

"No, it’s not that simple." Alex pondered for a moment.

"If my guess is correct, Knox is likely coveting Aya’s Vault of Divine Sword Heart."

"What?" Isolde froze.

"Hasn’t the Vault of Divine Sword Heart already been fused by Aya? Even if Knox possesses heaven-reaching abilities, it’s impossible for him to dig it back out of her body."

"It is precisely because he doesn’t have this ability that he needed to bring Aya to the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range." Alex said deeply.

"The people of the world know that there are tens of thousands of dark souls and malicious ghosts on the mountain range, making it a forbidden zone for the living."

"But what very few people know is that, aside from the dark souls and malicious ghosts, there are also Four Great Ghost Kings sitting and holding the four great high peaks of the East, West, South, and North."

"They are the Heavenly Fiend Ghost King, the Nether Earth Ghost King, the Bright Candle Ghost King, and the Thunder Ghost King."

"Among them, the Nether Earth Ghost King possesses a secret technique that can strip various special physiques from other people’s bodies and plunder them for his own use."

"It is highly likely that Knox intends to borrow the power of the Nether Earth Ghost King to strip the Vault of Divine Sword Heart from Aya’s body, and then take it for himself!"

"How could it be like this?" Isolde was stunned, saying in panic.

"Then wouldn’t Miss Aya’s situation be incredibly dangerous?"

"Correct. I must immediately rush to the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range, without a moment’s delay!" Alex said deeply.

"Even at all costs, Knox’s wolfish ambitions cannot be allowed to succeed!"

Aya was merely a seed he had planted. Regardless of whether she blossomed and bore fruit in the future, it was harmless.

But if this Vault of Divine Sword Heart was obtained by Knox, the situation would become extremely terrible.

This thing called Luck couldn’t just be weakened; it could also grow.

It was just that during this recent period, Alex had unleashed an endless stream of continuous suppression against Knox, leaving him powerless to parry, which was why his luck had only been chipped away and not increased.

However, the moment Knox obtained the Vault of Divine Sword Heart, his Luck would inevitably surge by a massive chunk.

He had gone through so much difficulty to suppress his luck down to a mere 40%. He absolutely could not allow him to rise to power once again.

Isolde hurriedly said. "Saint Lord, I will follow along and go with you!"

"No, your speed is too slow. You will drag this seat down." Alex shook his head and refused without hesitation.

"Although our Hale family Holy Land is also located in the Southern region, it is still three thousand miles away from the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range."

"Even at my absolute top speed, it will take the time of one incense stick burning. And Knox has already arrived at the mountain range. It is still unknown whether he contacted the Nether Earth Ghost King in advance."

"Time is urgent and brooks no delay. Every second I arrive earlier counts!"

Being so unhesitatingly pointed out as a burden, a wave of frustration instantly arose in Isolde’s heart. Subsequently, she thought of something and hurriedly asked. "Saint Lord, does this count as me establishing merit? Can I return to the family?"

"Mhm, it counts as establishing a merit." Alex smiled.

"However, this was merely helping me with a private favor. It has nothing to do with the family."

"Wait until you have established a great merit that helps the entire family, or saves the entire family, in the future. It will not be too late for me to let you return then."

With that said, Alex spoke no further. He directly rushed out of the Saint Lord’s Hall, summoned a floating cloud, and headed straight toward the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range at the fastest speed of his life.

...

Meanwhile, at the Hundred Ghost Mountain Range.