Chapter 187

With such good things, who wouldn’t be happy?

"Two brothers, since that is the case, the cooperation between our three families can be considered officially established." Alex held his wine bowl with both hands, smiling faintly.

"Tomorrow at noon, we will still meet at this place."

"I naturally have a way to take you into the Secret Realm one step ahead before it opens. Allowing us to make preparations to deal with Knox in advance."

"Alright!" Alistair and Malakai had both made a massive fortune.

At this moment, naturally without any hesitation. They nodded straightforwardly and happily.

"Brother Alex, rest assured!"

"The two of us will inevitably go all out and definitely take down that Knox!"

...

The next day, around noon.

The various major families were already rubbing their fists and wiping their palms. Having nourished their vitality and stored up their energy.

After eating lunch, they gathered outside the Heavenly Flame Canyon to wait.

Although according to convention, the opening ceremony of the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm was in the evening, after fourteen days of fierce slaughter on the arena, the major families had long since grown impatient.

Almost all of them had used most of their strengths to stand out from dozens of Saint Lineages and win the final qualification for the Secret Realm Treasure Hunt.

There had long been rumors that the resources within the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm this year were the most abundant in nearly a century.

As the lucky ones who had fought their way out of the heavy siege, the major families were naturally all incredibly excited.

As the absolute top-tier, undisputed number one existence among all the Saint Lineages...

The two leading elders, Tobias and Lara, naturally stood at the very front. Hale family prodigies like Lucas and Julian followed behind them. Every single one rubbing their fists and wiping their palms, full of eager excitement.

"Hehe, strolling around idly in this Heavenly Flame Dynasty for so long, I’m almost getting fat from eating!" Lucas said excitedly.

"These past few days, watching people from other families fighting exhilaratingly on the arena while we could only sit on the cold bench below..."

"Now we finally have an opportunity. This time, I absolutely must go all out and do something big!"

Tobias laughed. "Lucas, you don’t need to be too excited."

"This Heavenly Flame Secret Realm, ah... if I haven’t been here a hundred times, I’ve been here eighty times."

"After entering the Secret Realm, you all just need to remember. If you encounter people from other families, walk around them. If you encounter a fortuitous encounter that more than two families are fighting over, just directly give it up."

"We would rather do absolutely nothing than make a mistake!"

Listening to these words from Tobias, aside from his disciple Erik who nodded crisply in agreement, Lucas, Julian, and the other prodigies all curled their lips disapprovingly. Unable to help but mutter and grumble in low voices.

"The Third Elder truly gets more timid the older he gets."

"Truly good fortuitous encounters will definitely attract many families to fight over them."

"If we directly give up just because two families are fighting for it, wouldn’t we not even get to drink the soup?"

"Hmph, wait until we see the resources in the Secret Realm. We’ll just make our move. Don’t listen to the Third Elder!"

Just as the crowd was whispering and discussing animatedly, a loud, resounding burst of laughter came from behind.

"Hahaha, what a good rather do absolutely nothing than make a mistake!"

"Brother Tobias, you are leading the disciples of the Hale family, which ranks number one among the Saint Lineages. How can you be so worthless?"

Hearing this mocking voice laced with ridicule, the Hale family crowd all revealed expressions of displeasure.

Turning their heads, a group of people dressed in green robes walked over from afar.

The disciples of the Blackwood family. Which ranked second among the major Saint Lineages.

The old man leading them had a grizzled beard and was hale and hearty. He sported a shiny, polished bald head. Although he didn’t wear monk robes, he looked very much like a monk.

He was Alistair Blackwood’s younger brother. The Blackwood family’s First Elder, Lazlo.

"So it is Benefactor Lazlo." Tobias cupped his fists.

"Long time no see. This poor Daoist greets you."

"I wouldn’t dare, I wouldn’t dare." Lazlo waved his hand, laughing cheerfully.

"Tobias, your Hale family is just much shrewder than the rest of us."

"We slaughtered each other on the arena for nearly half a month. Almost using all our trump cards. Just to finally fight for the qualification to enter the Secret Realm."

"Yet you guys directly secured a spot by default in advance and watched us make a fool of ourselves for half a month."

"And then you preserved all your strength, so that after entering the Secret Realm, you could use us as your sacrificial lambs, right? Hahaha!"

Listening to Lazlo’s laugh laced with mocking implications, hot-blooded young men like Julian all furiously clenched their fists.

Tobias, however, waved his hand and laughed cheerfully. "Benefactor Lazlo, your words are completely wrong."

"This poor Daoist just told the juniors of the family. After entering the Secret Realm, if you encounter people from other families, walk around them. If you encounter a fortuitous encounter that more than two families are fighting over, directly give it up."

"Our Hale family is already this yielding and accommodating. How can you talk about preserving our strength to use you as sacrificial lambs?"

"Yielding? You say it so beautifully." Lazlo gave a contemptuous snort and scoffed disdainfully.

"In my view, you are just worried that your Hale family is not a match for the other families."

"If by chance you exposed your true strength, you would lose the throne of the number one family."

"That’s why you deliberately dodged the arena and won’t fight or compete in the Secret Realm either, right?"

Hearing these words, the Blackwood family crowd behind him couldn’t help but throw their heads back and laugh loudly.

Beside them, Lara’s face abruptly sank. She said coldly. "Lazlo, what is the meaning of your words?"

"Could it be you are provoking my Hale family? Provoking our Saint Lord?!"

"No, no. Saint Lord Alex possesses world-covering divine might. How would I, Lazlo, dare to provoke him?" Lazlo waved his hand, laughing confidently.

"However, for this Dao Vindication Assembly, neither your Saint Lord Alex nor First Elder Cedric has arrived."