Chapter 178

With just one look, even though he had mentally prepared himself in advance, he couldn’t help but shudder in shock.

"My good heavens..."

"This one is truly a heavyweight!"

The Delusion Buddha on the far right had an entirely deep purple body.

From top to bottom, this guy was actually covered in all sorts of grotesque, obscene appendages. Red ones, green ones, black ones, white ones, long ones, short ones, thick ones, thin ones.

A motley variety, having everything one could possibly imagine.

A full several thousand grotesque appendages swayed non-stop with the airflow around its body. Alex’s expression became incredibly complicated. Feeling as if his very eyes had been defiled.

"The vast majority of a man’s foolish delusions in this world stem from lust."

"No matter how upright and unyielding, how pure-hearted and free of desires, or how principled a man is, when faced with an absolute beauty that perfectly aligns with his deepest inner desires, it is often difficult for him to control himself."

"Only by stepping into the Saint Realm can one completely cast aside carnal desires and reach a realm of absolute holiness and harmony between heaven and man."

"There is a knife above the word for lust, and lewdness is the worst of all sins. This is exactly what it means."

"However..." The corner of Alex’s mouth twitched slightly.

"Even if I completely understand the meaning of your existence as the Delusion Buddha..."

"Isn’t growing into this kind of shape a bit too abstract?"

"Never mind whether you’re a good Buddha or an Evil Buddha. Even if you were a demon, what kind of proper monster dangles a whole body of that out in the open?!"

"So weird... let me take another look."

Alex slightly calmed his mood, wore a smile on his face and took a step forward.

Sensing his approach, the Anger Buddha’s entire body instantly ignited with raging Buddhist fire lotuses. It shouted sternly. "Audacious brat!"

"Dare to take one more step closer, and do not blame this poor monk for going on a massive killing spree!"

"Truly worthy of being the Anger Buddha. Your temper really is as explosive as fire." Alex smiled faintly.

"If you have the ability, why don’t you just go ahead and try?"

Utterly fearless and unbothered, he generously took another step forward.

"Seeking death!" The Anger Buddha flew into an uncontrollable rage.

From over a dozen of its mouths, it simultaneously spewed out clusters of scorching, blazing fire. They merged together in mid-air. Twisting into a pillar of fire radiating the momentum to annihilate all things, blasted viciously toward Alex.

"Vault of Divine Mirror!" Alex smiled slightly, unhurriedly clasping his palms together to summon the Vault of Divine Mirror.

"Counter!"

Dazzling golden light burst from the mirror’s surface. Tightly enveloping the incoming pillar of fire.

The next second, the golden light dissipated. The pillar of fire directly reversed direction. With an even fiercer and more rapid force than before, it blasted right back at the Anger Buddha.

The three thousand eyes on the Greed Buddha’s body all revealed looks of surprise.

The pillar of fire crashed into the Anger Buddha’s body. Exploded with a resounding bang. Sparks flying everywhere. Although this strike didn’t cause any actual injury, it made all three Evil Buddhas reveal signs of vigilance.

The Anger Buddha sternly questioned. "That mirror in your hands, what is it?!"

"I have no obligation to answer you." The corners of Alex’s mouth curled into a chilling smile.

Golden light flowed around his body. He teleported up into mid-air.

In the palm of each hand, he held a curved jade pendant. Pouring his spiritual energy into them.

"Vault of Divine Magatama!"

Streaks of golden jade swords materialized. Crowding around him like a myriad of stars revolving around the moon.

Feeling the fierce sword intent radiating from the jade swords, the three Evil Buddhas all revealed expressions of pure terror.

To be accurate, only the eyes covering the Greed Buddha’s body could actually express fear.

The Anger Buddha’s way of expressing terror was through the mouths all over its body. Continuously chattering with unbearable, foul-mouthed curses.

"Bastard!"

"Cheap breed!"

"Mutt!"

"Dog shit!"

This reaction stemmed from the Anger Buddha’s unique characteristic. Any emotion had to be expressed through varying degrees of anger. But in Alex’s eyes, it just looked like incompetent, impotent rage.

And the Delusion Buddha was even more abstract.

This guy’s way of expressing terror was having the grotesque appendages all over its body twitch, shrivel up, and continuously shudder and tremble.

The appendages shivered like fluff, coupled with its bright, vibrant purple color. Both disgusting and terrifying.

"You three Evil Buddhas look so cursed and ghoulish. No wonder you died so casually." Alex forcibly endured a wave of disgust.

"Especially that one covered in those gross things. Please do me a favor and hurry up and die."

"Annihilate!"

Alex pushed with both palms. The sky-filling jade swords violently blasted out. Descending from the sky mixed with the momentum to annihilate all things.

The three Evil Buddhas had no choice but to unleash their respective strongest methods to defend.

In the original novel, the strongest feature of the three great Evil Buddhas was their Shared Organs.

The three thousand eyes on the Greed Buddha’s body could simultaneously see every single corner of the entire Secret Realm.

In an instant, it could discern the weaknesses of any enemy. The Anger Buddha and the Delusion Buddha shared this terrifying vision and insight.

The mouths all over the Anger Buddha’s body could spew out various powerful divine abilities.

It could also devour enemies to heal its own injuries and enhance its own strength. This formidable healing ability was shared with the Greed Buddha and the Delusion Buddha. Turning it from a lifesteal warrior into the team’s dedicated healer.

As for the Delusion Buddha’s ability characteristic... just like its appearance, it was somewhat cursed.

Every single one of those grotesque appendages on its body stored a fragment of a soul or spirit. Therefore, even if someone displayed great divine might and annihilated all three major Evil Buddhas, if they were careless for even a moment and let even a single appendage slip away...

The Delusion Buddha could release the soul fragments within that appendage, allowing the three Evil Buddhas to resurrect anew!