Chapter 122

"Heh, turn things around? What a joke!" Lirin scoffed disdainfully. "Junior Sister Aya, do you know what kind of place that Hidden Broken Sword Cave is?"

"That is the forbidden area of the entire Divine Blade Sect! Sealed inside are broken swords and evil swords covered in blood, harboring the heaviest baleful aura."

"Of the disciples punished with solitary confinement there in the past, not a single one has lived past half a year."

"Master told me that in three months at most, that Taryn will absolutely die without a doubt."

"Why must you cover yourself in bad luck for the sake of a dying man?"

"What?" Aya frowned.

"Elder Dariel is going too far."

"He took so many benefits from the Lark family. Merely failing to receive the final hundred thousand spirit stones."

"Yet he treats Taryn so harshly, even wanting to put him to death."

"No, I must go see him immediately."

"Hey, Junior Sister Aya..." Lirin tried to stop her, but Aya rushed straight out of the cave dwelling and flew off on her sword.

Watching her receding back, Lirin clenched his fists in anger. His entire body trembling non-stop.

"Taryn, you bastard, you actually dare to steal women from this young master..."

"It seems letting you live for another three months is still too long."

"I... I absolutely must slaughter you!"

...

At the Hidden Broken Sword Cave, Alex sat outside, lazily sunbathing.

It really wasn’t that he wanted to slack off.

It was because the elder had issued a strict order, only allowing him to stay in the Hidden Sword Pavilion for six hours a day.

Aside from those six hours of hurried weapon duplication, Alex truly had nothing else to do. Every day, he could only sunbathe, drink tea, and live a retirement lifestyle like an old geezer.

The elder stood in the cave, looking at Alex’s lazy figure, muttering secretly in his heart.

This brat has already been here for three days. How is his face still glowing with health?

Looking at his cultivation, he’s merely at Qi Gathering. How could he possibly withstand the Yin energy and baleful aura of the Hidden Broken Sword Cave?

Moreover, these past three days, he only asks me for tea every day and hasn’t eaten a single bite of food. Logically speaking, only upon reaching Nascent Soul and above can one no longer need to consume food.

Could it be this brat is intentionally hiding his cultivation?

The elder narrowed his eyes, poured two streams of mental energy into them, and activated his Dharma Eyes. Wanting to see through Alex’s cultivation.

However, no matter how hard he looked, he couldn’t see the slightest clue. He could only withdraw his mental energy, his heart still muttering with suspicion.

Meanwhile, outside the cave, Alex naturally felt the elder’s surveillance. Seeing the suspicious gaze, he secretly found it somewhat funny.

Old man, you suspecting me of hiding my cultivation is the correct line of thought.

But relying on your first-level Supreme Realm abilities to try and see through the disguise of my seventh-level Supreme Realm... isn’t that an idiot’s daydream?

Though speaking of which, I really should hunt some prey and eat something.

Otherwise, for a mere Qi Gathering cultivator to not eat for a month will inevitably arouse suspicion.

However... hunting is such an energy-draining and meaningless chore. Truly too lazy to do it.

Alex was stretching lazily, loosening up his idle muscles, hesitating over whether to go hunt some prey to perfunctorily fool the elder. Suddenly, he smelled an enticing aroma of food drifting over from afar. His eyes couldn’t help but light up.

He saw a beautiful, graceful figure descending from the sky. It was exactly Aya, dressed in a white robe, carrying a food box in her hand.

He didn’t expect that in the Divine Blade Sect, where he had no relatives or friends, someone would actually come visit him.

Alex narrowed his eyes and pretended not to notice. It wasn’t until Aya walked in front of him and coughed softly that he opened his eyes, feigning surprise. "Miss Aya, why have you come?"

Aya said faintly, "I heard that Broken Sword Peak’s terrain is remote, and food and drink are difficult to supply."

"So I made some food, prepared a pot of wine, and specifically brought them over for you."

Alex’s face was full of joy. "Many thanks, Miss Aya. This lowly one truly doesn’t know how to repay you!"

His happiness wasn’t faked, It was genuine.

Aya’s meal was delivered absolutely perfectly on time, It saved him the trouble of hunting. Sparing him so much effort.

Aya opened the food box and placed plates of dishes, perfect in color, aroma, and taste, in front of Alex. Then she took out a wine pot and an exquisite wine cup.

Alex took a few bites and drank a cup of wine. A look of surprise on his face. "Miss Aya, this food... you made it?"

"Yes." Aya nodded. "Does it not suit your taste?"

"It suits it! It suits it perfectly!" Alex hurriedly nodded. Feeling greatly surprised in his heart.

He hadn’t expected a wealthy young miss like Aya to have such excellent culinary skills.

What he expected even less was that this little girl’s food was actually completely clean, without any poison.

Originally, Alex firmly believed that Aya’s stunt was absolutely a case of harboring ill intentions.

If she hadn’t poisoned the food, she must have drugged the wine. After all, when climbing the mountain that day, he clearly felt just how much hostility was in this little girl’s gaze. Several times, she had almost been unable to resist drawing her sword to hack at him.

Alex and Aya sat opposite each other by the bluestone. With a sip of wine and a bite of food, he ate incredibly sweetly and with great relish.

The elder in the cave watched this scene. His expression somewhat complicated.

"Is this kid here on vacation?"

"In the past, disciples dispatched to the Hidden Broken Sword Cave were plagued by baleful aura every day. Losing all appetite and sleep."

"In less than half a month, they would be tortured into a complete mental breakdown."

"Yet this kid is happy and cheerful every day! Not only does the sword baleful aura of the Hidden Sword Pavilion have absolutely no effect on him, but someone even comes specifically to deliver him home cooked meals!"