Chapter 134

"This organization just annihilated Heaven-Turning Peak. They inevitably haven’t retreated far."

"The most urgent matter right now is that we must root them all out. We cannot let any other peaks suffer this kind of sect-exterminating disaster."

Vincent stroked his chin, nodding thoughtfully.

Suddenly, Dariel let out a scoffing sneer from the side.

Vincent frowned. "Junior Brother Dariel, what brilliant opinion do you have?"

"Senior Brother, I think there is absolutely no need to mobilize so many people and make such a massive fuss." Dariel sneered.

"Our Junior Brother Rorin was reckless and lacked strategy. Temper as explosive as fire. He offended quite a few enemies in his daily life."

"This matter was definitely the work of his enemies. You could say he brought this upon himself."

"Besides, they’ve already slaughtered one of our peaks. They will definitely retreat as quickly as possible to prevent us from finding them."

"Dariel, your rhetoric is simply going too far!" Loris glared furiously.

Even if Senior Brother Rorin had massive faults, he was still our fellow sect brother."

"Now that he has been killed and his entire peak wiped out, you don’t think about avenging him, but instead make sarcastic remarks here. What is the meaning of this?!"

Dariel sneered disdainfully. "Am I wrong?"

"Why didn’t that organization go slaughter your Radiant Sun Peak or my Venomscale Peak? Why specifically his Heaven-Turning Peak?"

"Naturally, it’s because the perpetrator has a grudge against Rorin. A grudge as deep as the sea and absolutely irreconcilable. That’s why they struck so ruthlessly."

"If it weren’t for him usually being brave but brainless, relying on his martial prowess to act fiercely and offending so many experts from other sects, how could he have ended up with his body dead and his peak destroyed?"

"If we’re talking about pity, I actually pity the over twenty thousand innocent disciples of Heaven-Turning Peak who were implicated and died because of him."

"You!" Loris’s eyes widened in rage, teeth gritted tightly and his entire body radiating murderous aura.

Vincent’s voice cut through like a blade. "Enough!"

"Junior Brother Rorin has just been murdered by a organization, yet you all are engaging in internal strife here. Do you want the entire Divine Blade Sect to fall victim to that organization’s poisonous hands?!"

His expression softened slightly. "What Nerin and Aerin said is reasonable."

"This old man will immediately issue an order. Lock down the mountain gates of the Hundred Thousand Great Mountains at once. Strictly investigate any suspicious persons of unknown origin."

"Furthermore, after you return to your peaks, you must absolutely dispatch additional manpower to patrol day and night. Explicitly warn the disciples of your respective peaks to be incredibly careful."

"If any abnormal commotion is heard from any peak, the neighboring friendly peaks must absolutely lend a helping hand. You cannot just sit by and watch."

"Yes!" Everyone nodded in agreement.

Only Dariel let out another scoffing sneer. "I think there’s absolutely no need to mobilize so many people and make such a massive fuss."

"Dariel, what do you mean by that?" Loris said coldly.

"With the Sect Master absent, Senior Brother Vincent’s words are absolute orders."

"Could it be you want to defy orders?"

"I just feel that since that group of enemies slaughtered Heaven-Turning Peak and got their revenge, they naturally just left." Dariel sneered.

"There’s absolutely no need for us to panic at the slightest rustle of leaves. And even less need to stir up further disputes just to avenge Rorin."

"If you guys want to play this kind of childish game, go do it yourselves."

"With this time, I still need to properly train a few more disciples so we can get good results in next month’s assessment."

Dariel unhurriedly stood up.

Vincent said coldly. "Dariel, what exactly do you mean by those words?"

"Whatever mountain sealing or night patrols you want to do, do it yourselves. I am not participating." Dariel shrugged and smiled.

"If any of your peaks get slaughtered, don’t expect me to help."

"And if my Venomscale Peak is in trouble, I don’t need you guys to lend a helping hand either."

"Mm, that’s it."

A flick of his sleeve. He directly ignored everyone, turned around, and left.

The remaining eight elders looked at each other in dismay. Faces sinking like water and expressions incredibly ugly.

"This Dariel is truly becoming more and more arrogant and perverse!" Loris said with righteous indignation.

"He won’t even listen to Senior Brother Vincent’s words! Just what exactly is he trying to do?!"

Nerin sighed softly. "If only Senior Brother Rorin were still here."

"He had the most explosive temper in his life, he couldn’t tolerate a single grain of sand in his eyes."

"Seeing Senior Brother Dariel act so disrespectfully, he definitely wouldn’t have tolerated it."

"Speaking of which, Junior Brother Loris just mentioned the Sect Master..." Aerin suddenly thought of something.

"Such a massive event has occurred in the sect. An entire peak slaughtered to the last man."

"Should we inform the Sect Master about this matter?"

Vincent pondered for a moment, then shook his head. "No need for now."

"When Senior Brother Magnus is cultivating in seclusion, he has never liked being disturbed. Moreover, he traveled far away this time and won’t be able to rush back for a while."

"Furthermore... what Junior Brother Dariel just said actually has some reason to it."

"Perhaps Junior Brother Rorin was indeed wiped out by enemies because he forged too many grudges in the past."

"After slaughtering Heaven-Turning Peak, that group of people likely just left."

...

In the blink of an eye, a day passed.

Throughout this day, everyone up and down the Divine Blade Sect was in a state of anxiety and sheer panic.

After the Peak Masters returned to their peaks, they ordered the mountain gates locked down. Forbidding anyone from entering or leaving.

They dispatched an additional three hundred disciples to patrol their entire peaks. Strictly investigating any suspicious persons.

Only Venomscale Peak remained completely at ease. Without the slightest abnormality.

Late at night, Venomscale Peak, Inside the Peak Master’s Hall.

Dariel sat upon his throne, holding a crystal ball in his hands.

The image displayed within the crystal ball was the face of an elderly man.