Chapter 239

"Senior Brother Sylra, these secret cultivation manuals are the treasured collection of my Peak spanning many years!" Lorin grinned quite proudly.

"For Senior Brother to rebuild Broken Sword Peak, you will inevitably need a massive amount of cultivation methods to impart to the disciples as a foundation."

"Consider these manuals as my support for Senior Brother!"

"Lorin, this..." Sylra looked at the small mountain of secret manuals that was even taller than himself, his expression becoming slightly complicated.

"You gave me all your manuals... does your Peak not plan to continue functioning?"

"Sigh, Senior Brother, what are you saying?" Lorin waved his hand, smiling disapprovingly.

"Back in the day, Broken Sword Peak was the strongest peak gate of our Divine Blade Sect. The face of the sect."

"Its decline in order to fend off the Demonic Star Meteorite and protect the disciples of the entire sect is a pain shared by us all."

"Now that Senior Brother has finally decided to rebuild Broken Sword Peak, how could we as Junior Brothers not fully support you?"

"As long as Broken Sword Peak can reproduce its former glory, what does sacrificing my Peak count for!"

Sylra fell silent.

Good. Good, good, good. He had seen people sacrifice their relatives for the greater good, but sacrificing oneself for the greater good? This was a first.

Sylra realized he had played a bit too big and was just pondering how to return these cultivation methods when suddenly, a streak of golden light descended from the sky.

Aerin also hurried back in a frantic rush.

Taking off the storage ring on his hand, he dumped out a massive pile of weapons with a clatter. These weapons were all swords.

A superb collection of beautiful things, of all shapes and varieties.

Their tiers were mostly Heaven and Earth-tier, suitable for 90% of the sect’s disciples to use, and the top two were a Low-Grade Supreme-tier and a High-Grade Heaven and Earth-tier sword, radiating a piercing, cold gleam.

"Senior Brother Sylra, these precious swords are all exquisite products forged by the elders and deacons of our Spirit Artisan Peak over the years!"

Aerin grinned. "The top two were personally forged by me. Specifically brought to support Senior Brother!"

"Aerin, you..." Sylra picked up the Low-Grade Supreme-tier sword, probingly swung it twice, his face became incomparably bizarre.

"You yourself only use a High-Grade Heaven and Earth-tier sword, yet you brought this Low-Grade Supreme-tier sword to give to me."

"You... what are you doing this for?"

Aerin waved his hand, smiling disapprovingly. "Although I personally forged this sword, how am I worthy of using it?"

"For Senior Brother to revive Broken Sword Peak, you will inevitably need to recruit a massive amount of disciples."

"When these disciples join, they must have at least one sword per person, right?"

"Miss Aya already possesses the Vault of Divine Sword Heart. She doesn’t need these mortal items as weapons."

"This Heaven and Earth-tier sword, Senior Brother can hand over to that Taryn. And this Supreme-tier sword, Senior Brother can keep for your own use."

"For our Divine Blade Sect, the most important thing is the Sword."

"With these precious swords as support, Senior Brother will inevitably be able to revitalize the peak gate in the fastest time!"

Sylra instantly didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, you’ve arranged this quite reasonably for me.

Just as he was about to speak, he heard another explosive shout from mid-air.

"Senior Brother Sylra, I have arrived as well!"

The one who arrived this time was Torin. However, it wasn’t Torin alone.

Behind him followed over two thousand young people, all disciples of Hundred Souls Peak with superior aptitude and brimming with vigor.

Looking at these two thousand plus people descending from the sky in a mighty, sweeping manner to stand before him, Sylra was instantly stunned.

"Junior Brother Torin, what is this..."

"Hehe, Senior Brother Sylra, my Hundred Souls Peak might not have anything else, but we have plenty of manpower!" Torin grinned.

"You want to revive Broken Sword Peak, how can you do that without disciples?"

"You must at least have a batch of backbone strength first before you can continue to widely recruit capable talents!"

"These two thousand people are all elites I personally selected one by one, every single one possessing extraordinary natural endowments."

"From today onward, these people are all disciples of Senior Brother’s Broken Sword Peak!"

The corner of Sylra’s mouth twitched.

Those two gifting manuals and swords were one thing, but people can actually be gifted too?

He looked at the group of young people behind Torin, their faces full of excitement, and couldn’t help but sigh heavily.

Truly committing a sin.

This group of young people are far too ignorant and naive, you’ve all been sold out by your Peak Master, and you’re still standing here laughing foolishly?

"Junior Brother Torin, this is a bit too exaggerated." Sylra said helplessly.

"Although your Hundred Souls Peak has relatively more disciples, there are only so many top-notch talents."

"Giving me all the talents with superior aptitude at once, how will your peak gate get along in the future?"

"Senior Brother Sylra, you don’t need to worry about me." Torin hurriedly waved his hand.

"My Hundred Souls Peak has abundant manpower, after giving away two thousand, I can just promote another two thousand later."

"Besides, the revitalization of Senior Brother’s Broken Sword Peak is much more important than my Hundred Souls Peak!"

"As long as in my lifetime, I can see Broken Sword Peak reproduce its former glory..."

"Even if my Hundred Souls Peak shuts down, directly falling out of the ranks of the Ten Great Main Peaks, I am completely willing!"

Sylra fell into silence, his expression becoming incomparably bizarre.

Just yesterday during the assessment, Torin was mocking him in every possible way, furiously betting against him to the point where they almost completely fell out.

As a result, today, he had completely changed his tune, using almost every extreme method conceivable to suck up and curry favor.

He was even willing to hand over the disciples of his Hundred Souls Peak.

What else was this guy incapable of doing?

"Three Junior Brothers, this old man can understand your feelings." Looking at the manuals, swords, and the two thousand or so disciples filling the area before him, Sylra remained silent for a long while before unable to help but sigh slightly.