Chapter 272

The next second, the Nether Earth Ghost King’s massive hand, which was originally heavily wrinkled like tree bark, became as fair, white, and smooth as a woman’s. Spreading his five fingers unhurriedly, he reached toward Aya Cale’s chest.

If the Nether Soul Jade-Folding Hand touched Aya, it could in a single instant reach through her flesh and dig out the Vault of Divine Sword Heart.

Just as the Nether Earth Ghost King’s filthy hands were about to defile Aya in that exact moment, a golden light flashed in the distance, followed by a sharp explosive shout.

"Vault of Divine Magatama!"

A golden sword jade blasted over from afar like a cannonball, directly slicing off the Nether Earth Ghost King’s Nether Soul Jade-Folding Hand and blasting him back several meters.

"An expert!" Sensing the formidable aura contained within this attack, a trace of wary dread flowed through the Nether Earth Ghost King’s eyes.

He raised his head and focused his gaze, only to see Alex instantly materialize within the Profound Nether Cave.

Alex was surrounded by starlight-like Vault of Heaven Sword Jades, stepping on the Devouring Yin Ghost under his feet, with Pearl standing on his shoulder.

The auras on his body stacked together, no less than a Saint Realm mighty figure, completely masking the deeply rooted ghost qi within the cave.

"That sword jade..." The Nether Earth Ghost King froze slightly, horror flowing through his eyes.

"This, how is this possible? There are actually two inheritors of the Evergreat Sword Ancestor at the same time?"

"No, you misunderstand." Alex shook his head and smiled faintly.

"I am the Saint Lord of the Hale family, Alex. Not some inheritor of the Evergreat Sword Ancestor. However, the relationship between the Evergreat Sword Ancestor and me can be considered quite good. Therefore, I am definitely protecting this little girl who serves as her inheritor."

The Nether Earth Ghost King narrowed his eyes, the black mist on his body circulated, transforming back into a perfectly intact left hand.

"I truly didn’t expect that after not seeing a living human for hundreds of years, I would see three at once today, each one more astonishing than the last. Saint Lord of the Hale family, are you sure you want to make an enemy of me within this Hundred Ghost Mountain Range?"

"Correct." Alex nodded, smiling.

"I know this is your territory. Clashing with you here is truly unwise. However, I have already set up a barrier around the entire Profound Nether Cave. Those malicious ghosts outside cannot possibly come in to help you."

"I have killed many people in this life, but I have yet to try the taste of killing a Ghost King. But before that, there is still an important matter to attend to."

"Devouring Yin."

Borrowing the power of the Ghost Servant Contract, the Devouring Yin Ghost and Alex’s minds were linked.

With just a single thought, it instantly understood. Two eyeballs on its body elongated, flying toward the Nether Earth Ghost King like tentacles.

"So fast!" The Devouring Yin Ghost’s power exceeded the Nether Earth Ghost King’s imagination.

He fundamentally didn’t have time to dodge and was directly pierced in his eye sockets by the two eyeballs.

The Nether Earth Ghost King let out a miserable, furious roar, using all his strength to try and break free.

But in just a single instant, the Devouring Yin Ghost sucked out all the yin qi he had just absorbed from Aya’s body, then gently placed the tentacles on Aya’s abdomen and poured it all right back in.

"Good, now there are no worries behind me." Alex smiled faintly, waving his hand to pull Aya into his embrace. He then looked down disdainfully at the Nether Earth Ghost King.

"Now, we can have a proper duel."

"Brat, don’t be too arrogant!" The Nether Earth Ghost King was unable to contain his anger, eyes splitting open in rage as he raised his white bone scepter.

"Nether Soul Bone Spikes!"

Streaks of sharp white bone spikes thrust toward Alex like a dense, torrential downpour.

"Insignificant tricks." Alex sneered coldly, gripping the jade pendant in both hands, he closed his eyes and concentrated.

"Vault of Divine Magatama!"

Thousands upon thousands of sword jades surfaced once again, clustering around him like stars revolving around the moon. They poured down like a golden rainstorm, blasting toward the Nether Earth Ghost King with world-crushing momentum.

The two of them, one in mid-air, one on the ground, separated by dozens of meters, engaged in a fierce bombardment.

The power of the sword jades and bone spikes were almost completely equal. Every time two clashed, they would instantly explode with a bang, turning into bone dust scattered by golden light.

This intense duel caused the entire Profound Nether Cave to shake and quake, making the thousands of malicious ghosts blocked outside the barrier tremble in fear.

Shielded behind Alex, Aya was naturally protected flawlessly.

But Knox, hanging upside down in mid-air, wasn’t so lucky, positioned exactly in the dead center of the crossfire.

Although his Protagonist Halo performed stably, causing the bone spikes and sword jades to graze past him without inflicting the slightest harm, being in the midst of this hail of bullets with ear-shattering explosions constantly ringing in his ears caused Knox to have long since wet his pants in terror, his mind even somewhat collapsing.

He never expected that Alex and the Nether Earth Ghost King’s strength would actually be almost completely matched.

For a moment, Knox actually didn’t know which of his two actions was ultimately more foolish: making an enemy of Alex for so long, or coming all alone to make a deal with the Nether Earth Ghost King.

The bombardment lasted for about the time of one incense stick burning.

Alex and the Nether Earth Ghost King were similar in strength, both at the peak of the Supreme Realm.

However, the Nether Earth Ghost King’s bone spikes relied purely on his own power and the ghost qi of the Profound Nether Cave to condense.

While Alex possessed a Saint-tier spiritual treasure, the Vault of Divine Magatama.

After the time of one incense stick’s worth of bombardment, the Saint-tier spiritual treasure was ultimately superior.