Chapter 162

"I didn’t expect that you, Cedric, would actually use the Three Human Formations to transfer everyone away."

"Since that is the case, I will just have to chop off the heads of you two and deliver them as a gift to Alex..."

However, just as Cyrus prepared to make his move, his pupils suddenly shrank. His entire body began to tremble violently, uncontrollably.

"This... what is going on?!" Garret frowned.

"Elder Brother, what’s wrong?"

"Garret, quick, quickly save me..." Cyrus’s face was as pale as paper.

His voice trembled. "I feel so cold all over. My energy is continuously draining away..."

"Is... is it this thing?!"

Suddenly, Cyrus realized something.

Face full of panic, he looked at the knife in his chest. Tremblingly gripped the hilt and pulled it out regardless of the consequences.

"Elder Brother, wait..." Garret wanted to stop him. But it was already too late.

Pfft.

After the knife was pulled out, it instantly turned into fine powder and drifted away.

And Cyrus’s body directly exploded with a resounding bang. Turning into ash and smoke, and vanishing completely.

This bizarre scene caused the surrounding Noir Family crowd to freeze in absolute shock.

Just a second ago, they were still laughing arrogantly alongside their Saint Lord.

Yet the next second, without the slightest warning, the Saint Lord had been annihilated right under their very noses. Not even a speck of dust left behind.

The entire scene fell into deathly silence. The atmosphere incredibly eerie.

Cedric was completely dumbfounded. Suddenly realizing something, he stared blankly at Blaze.

Seeing Blaze let out a long breath as if relieved of a heavy burden. A mocking smile curling at the corners of his mouth.

A massive wave of shock surged in Cedric’s heart.

He had originally thought that although this young Southwestern Branch Family Head was loyal and brave, he was reckless and lacked strategy.

But looking at it now, his own eyes had been blind.

Not only was Blaze loyal and brave, but his scheming temperament of concealing his strengths and biding his time had truly inherited the Saint Lord’s true essence.

To eliminate Cyrus, a Supreme Realm mighty figure, relying solely on Nascent Soul Realm power under such an extremely disadvantageous predicament...

"The... the Saint Lord is dead?!"

"Heavens... how is this possible?!"

"Elder Garret, what should we do now?"

Cyrus’s sudden annihilation caused the Noir Family crowd to fall into extreme panic. Losing their heads entirely. They had no choice but to cast their gazes toward Garret, their new main pillar of support.

Even the usually calm and wise Garret couldn’t help but feel flustered and at a loss facing such an unexpected situation.

It took a long time for him to steady his mind, narrowing his eyes, gritting his teeth.

"Everyone, do not panic!"

"Although these two guys used a treacherous plot to murder the Saint Lord, they themselves are already completely exhausted!"

"Now that we lack the Saint Lord to hold down the fort, if Alex returns for revenge, we will find it absolutely difficult to defend against him."

"The most urgent task at hand is to kill these two people first. Then repair the Hale’s Heavenly Clan Protection Formation and use it to defend against the Hale family’s counterattack!"

"Yes!" The Noir Family crowd nodded in unanimous agreement.

Two of the closest elites brought out their weapons. Walked toward Cedric and Blaze with hostile expressions.

Just as they raised their swords, preparing to kill these two men who no longer had the strength to resist...

From mid-air, two golden swords suddenly descended. Instantly scattering their souls and obliterating them.

"What?!" Garret’s expression changed abruptly. He looked up to focus his gaze.

Iris. Standing tall in mid-air, grasping a golden sword in each hand. Looking down at them imperiously from her high vantage point.

Killing intent permeating from the sword blades, seemingly prepared to annihilate every single one of them.

"Divine Blade Saintess, Iris! You... why are you here?!" Garret said in terror.

"Furthermore, why are you helping the Hale and making an enemy of my Noir Family?!"

"This lady is an outsider. I did not intend to help anyone, nor did I intend to make an enemy of anyone." Iris said faintly.

"This lady is merely doing what I believe to be the right thing."

"The extent of the loyalty, bravery, and wisdom of these two Hale members. This lady has seen it all."

"If you wish to kill them, then you are making an enemy of me!"

Garret clenched his fists. Gritted his teeth. His eyes practically shooting fire.

Iris was not only a Mahayana Realm expert. Behind her stood the massive Divine Blade Sect. A faction that absolutely could not be underestimated.

Their Noir Family had just lost their Saint Lord. Forged an absolutely irreconcilable blood feud with the Hale Family.

If they were to offend the Divine Blade Sect on top of that, he feared that from today onwards, they would have absolutely no place to stay in the entire Heavenly Flame Dynasty.

After weighing the pros and cons, no matter how unwilling Garret was, he had no choice but to helplessly wave his hand.

"Fine. Since Saintess Iris wishes to protect the Hale, we naturally must give you this face."

Taking along the spirit stones and resources they had just plundered, he led the Noir Family crowd and retreated in sheer disgrace.

...

The next day. Early in the morning.

Inside his cave dwelling, Alex listened to Adrian report the events that occurred last night via the communication jade slip.

Hearing that Cyrus had actually led the entire clan’s disciples to launch a night raid on the Holy Land while he was absent...

Alex was neither angry nor annoyed.

A mocking, ferocious sneer curled at the corners of his mouth.

"This Cyrus is truly even stupider than I imagined."

"I was absent, not dead."

"He might be able to act arrogantly for a moment, but could it be he thinks he can act arrogantly for a lifetime?"

Adrian said respectfully. "The Saint Lord is in the Southwestern region, and Tobias and Lara took the younger generation elites to the Heavenly Flame Capital."

"Our Holy Land is indeed emptier than ever before, which is why the Noir Family dared to come and invade."