Chapter 204

"Besides, during these two days you were away, that little girl came to deliver wine and food to this old man every day. Life has been extremely comfortable."

"How about you leave for a few more days, to save me the trouble of her not coming anymore now that you’re back."

"Oh?" Alex was curious. He turned his head and focused his gaze.

It was none other than Isolde, currently cleaning up the messy cups, bowls, and chopsticks that Sylra had just finished enjoying.

Meeting Alex’s chilling, icy gaze, Isolde shuddered all over.

A delicate porcelain bowl in her hands fell directly to the ground, shattering into pieces.

Alex smiled faintly, walking unhurriedly toward Isolde with his hands behind his back.

Isolde’s face was pale as paper, her entire body felt numb, as if electrocuted. Unable to move a single inch.

She just stared blankly as Alex walked up to her step by step and bent down to pick up the broken porcelain pieces on the ground.

"Why so careless?"

"S... sorry..."

Isolde reached out with trembling hands, taking the porcelain pieces from Alex.

Alex smiled faintly. "Senior Sister, what are you apologizing for?"

"These past two days, you’ve been bringing wine and food to my Senior Sylra every day. I don’t even have enough time to thank you."

"This... this is what I ought to do." Being near Alex, Isolde was like a stressed, frightened kitten. The trembling of her body never stopping for a single moment.

Sylra walked forward and laughed cheerfully. "Isolde, what’s wrong with you?"

"Taryn, although he looks a bit fierce, is actually very kind-hearted."

"Your Junior Sister Aya chats with him very well. Why are you so afraid of him?"

"Senior Sylra, I’m not afraid of Junior Brother Taryn, it’s just... my body feels a little unwell." Isolde swallowed a mouthful of saliva and asked cautiously.

"Senior, could you let me... say a few words to Junior Brother Taryn alone?"

"Heh heh, this old man knew it. You little girl bringing me food was definitely to get close to Taryn." Sylra smiled and waved his hand.

"Alright, alright, then this old man will go fishing in the woods. I won’t act as a third wheel for you young folks."

He leaned on his iron crutch and limped away.

After Sylra left, Alex flicked the hem of his robe and unhurriedly sat down on a large bluestone. His tone faint.

"If you have something you want to say to me, just say it."

"Saint Lord, I..." Isolde remained silent for a long time before mustering the courage to speak.

"I want to return to the family!"

"Oh?" Although Alex had already guessed what Isolde would say, he still feigned surprise, asking with deep interest.

"You want to come back?"

"Think back to then. I personally gave the order to strip you of your Seven Orifices Divine Heart."

"Could it be... you don’t hate me?"

Isolde’s expression was complicated, she gave a dry laugh and shook her head.

"I don’t hate you."

"Ever since coming to the Divine Blade Sect, I have understood just how stupid and ridiculous my actions were back then."

"If the heavens gave me a chance to do it all over again, I would never let down the family and the Saint Lord who poured all their blood, sweat, and resources into cultivating me, just for a man’s sweet words."

"As for that Seven Orifices Divine Heart, it was a treasure forged by using the family’s resources."

"Therefore, it only belongs to the family, not to me, nor to any single individual."

Alex froze slightly. Instantly unable to help but reveal a look of interest.

He didn’t expect this little girl to actually have an epiphany after staying at the Divine Blade Sect for two or three months. But thinking about it, it wasn’t too strange.

Ever since her love died toward Knox back then, she had lost her status as the female lead. However, it was a blessing in disguise.

Isolde lost the Seven Orifices Divine Heart, lost her status as a Hale family prodigy, and lost the Luck of the Destiny Female Lead.

But in Alex’s eyes, what she had gained, and what she would gain in the future, was far more than what she had lost.

"Isolde, actually, I also hope you can return to the family." Alex smiled faintly.

"Nowadays, my Hale family’s power is growing stronger by the day. Already sitting firmly in the position of the number one Saint Lineage in the Heavenly Flame Dynasty."

"Right now, I am exactly in need of personnel, and I very much need you to come back and help me."

"However, if you just return like this, I’m afraid the disciples in the clan will have a lot of complaints, right?"

Isolde’s expression dimmed, she nodded weakly.

Thinking back to the past. Relying on Alex’s doting, how haughty, arrogant, and domineering she was in the clan.

Not only did she occupy a massive amount of resources meant for other disciples, but she also treated those disciples whose cultivation was weak because she had monopolized their resources like worthless grass.

She didn’t even put the Four Great Elders in her eyes.

If it weren’t for Alex’s protection, she probably would have been attacked by the crowd of clan members long ago.

Previously, when Alex expelled Isolde from the family, the young people in the clan cheered and jumped for joy as if it were the New Year, some even weeping tears of joy.

If she were to just openly return to the family right now... aside from that simp Julian, who would definitely raise both hands in welcome... who knows how many disciples in the clan would feel resentful and deeply disappointed.

They would think that Alex was like a dog that couldn’t stop eating shit. About to repeat his past mistakes.

"Saint Lord, then what should I do?" Isolde said bitterly.

"Could it be... I really have to stay at the Divine Blade Sect for my entire life, forever unable to go back?"

"That’s not entirely the case either." Alex smiled faintly.

"Isolde, there is one thing I can tell you."

"Nowadays, it is a turbulent time in the Heavenly Flame Dynasty the likes of which hasn’t been seen in hundreds of years."

"The prominent families are engulfed in the flames of war, disputes are erupting in the Imperial Capital, and there are opportunities everywhere."