Chapter 198

Even though every single one of them gritted their teeth in absolute hatred toward Knox, none dared to easily make a move.

After all, the three Evil Buddhas had just stated. Whoever dares to touch Knox, they will kill them.

With the precedent of Cain being annihilated, no one dared to joke around with their own life.

"Saint Lord Cain..." Brina watched the last trace of golden dust scatter from her fingertips. Two streams of clear tears streaming down her eyes.

She cried blankly for a long time. Then abruptly turned her head, with red rimmed eyes, she glared fixedly at Knox.

"Miss Brina, listen to my explanation." Feeling the intense hatred radiating from Brina, Knox couldn’t help but step back resentfully.

"I... I truly did not collude with these three Evil Buddhas..."

"I won’t listen!" Brina roared with a hoarse, exhausted voice.

"My family’s Saint Lord has already been murdered by this Evil Buddha. What else is there to explain?!"

"Knox, I treated you with such deep affection and righteousness, yet you colluded with the Evil Buddhas to murder my family’s Saint Lord Cain!"

"I... I’ll fight you to the death!"

As she spoke, her entire body ignited with deep blue flames, her slender jade hands transformed into two sharp tiger claws as she rushed at Knox regardless of everything.

Kray saw this and hurriedly teleported forward to stop Brina.

"Niece Brina, you must not do this!"

"Older Brother Cain has already been murdered. You absolutely must not act impulsively and put yourself in danger as well..."

However, just as Kray, his face full of sorrow, was earnestly advising Brina, a playful smile curled at the corners of Alex’s mouth. A point of golden light flickered at his fingertips once again.

"Truly worthy of being the Great Saint Kray. Still thinking of saving others at a time like this?"

"You should rather think about how to save yourself."

"Vault of Divine Magatama!"

Kray was Knox’s father in law number two. After accepting his daughter’s romance with Knox, he became Knox’s strong backing.

Well read, knowledgeable about both ancient and modern times, a walking repository of knowledge.

Whenever Knox had difficult problems or obtained some treasure of unknown origin, he would go to Kray first. Every single time, Kray could explain it clearly and logically. Pointing out the most optimal solution.

Relying on his profound knowledge, coupled with standing on the right team, Kray managed to become one of the very few Lords of a Saint Lineage in the original novel who had a good ending. With Knox’s help, he smoothly vindicated his Dao, entered Sanctification, and became Saint Vire.

Alex naturally could not tolerate such a future Saint living freely in the world. Especially one standing firmly by Knox’s side.

A family with Saint level genes, he absolutely could not let go.

Those willing to submit could be properly supervised and trained.

Those unwilling had to be completely crushed into powder.

Alex held the jade pendants in both hands. Instantly summoning thousands of sword jades. They radiated dazzling golden light, floating around him like a sky filling torrential rain.

"Saint Lord Kray!"

"Father!"

"Watch out!"

Leona and the other Vire family disciples’ expressions changed abruptly. Rushing toward Kray regardless of everything.

Alex was very considerate, specially waited a short moment for them.

Until they rushed close, he pushed with both palms, controlling the sky filling sword jades to blast out explosively.

"Annihilate!"

The sword jades dive bombed down. Entirely enveloping everyone from the Vire family, kicking up thick smoke and dust, making the surrounding families unable to see what was happening.

However, listening to the shrill, miserable screams from the smoke was enough to make all of them tremble in terror. Keeping quiet out of absolute fear like cicadas in winter.

A full two minutes before the thousands of sword jades finished their bombardment.

The smoke was blown away by a gust of cold wind. Revealing ground blasted with numerous deep golden craters.

The over twenty prodigy disciples of the Vire family had all been crushed into fine powder, turning to flying ash.

Kray’s entire body was covered in over a hundred golden holes, continuously oozing scarlet blood. Looking exactly like a bloody gourd.

However, what made everyone astonished was that, despite being within the exact same blast radius, only Brina and Leona remained completely unharmed. Even the bloodstains splattered on their clothes didn’t have a single drop belonging to themselves.

"Father..." Looking at the bruised and battered Kray, Leona and Brina froze for a few seconds. Then rushed forward with faces full of terror.

"Father!"

"Saint Lord Kray!"

However, the instant their fingers touched him, Kray’s body directly disintegrated. It transformed into a soul wrapped in blood essence, slowly floating into mid air.

Landing in Alex’s palm.

Two major Saint Lords had successively been annihilated in an instant.

Without leaving behind even a half inch of corpse or bone, these tyrannical killing methods made everyone present keep quiet out of absolute fear.

Alex stroked his chin, a playful smile curling at the corners of his mouth.

The reason he didn’t kill these two women wasn’t because he was thinking with his lower half like some other third rate villain. He kept them because they had another important use.

Today, right in front of their eyes, using Knox’s name, he had killed the Saint Lords of their respective families. Especially in Leona’s case, her biological father.

These two Heaven’s Proud Daughters would definitely turn their love for Knox into pure hatred. Going after him regardless of everything to seek revenge.

With Knox possessing the Protagonist Halo’s protection, they definitely wouldn’t be able to exact revenge in the short term.

If they couldn’t get revenge, what would they do? They would absolutely need to obtain formidable power.

How to obtain it? At that time, he could throw out an branch.

Of course, he would definitely use his identity as the Hale family to take in and accept these two prodigies.