Chapter 265

"Mhm, that’s good." Alex nodded, smiling faintly.

"Brina and Leona will inevitably become important figures in our family in the future. All the disciples in the clan must build good relationships with them and try to avoid any friction."

Saying this, Alex noticed Elara’s complicated expression and said with deep interest.

"Elara, I place so much importance on these two little girls with foreign surnames. You wouldn’t be displeased, would you?"

"No, of course not." Elara hurriedly shook her head, smiling bitterly.

"It’s just, these two sisters have reached the Mahayana Realm cultivation at such a young age. It is truly enviable. Whereas I have received so much guidance and cultivation from the Saint Lord, yet I am currently still stagnating at the Core Formation Realm. Elara is truly slightly envious of their aptitude."

Seeing Elara’s guilty and self-blaming appearance, Alex couldn’t help but laugh, smiling as he rubbed her head.

"Elara, what are you saying? As long as they are younger generation members of the Hale family, regardless of whether their cultivation is high or low, or their aptitude superior or inferior, they are all my important children."

"Although the aptitude of those two is superior, and they might break through to the Supreme Realm in the future to become important combat forces of the Hale family, when it comes to importance, they absolutely cannot compare to you."

"You are responsible for serving my daily life. What food I eat, what wine I drink, what clothes I wear, you have to worry about it all. If I didn’t have you, I would probably lose the ability to take care of myself."

Elara was instantly amused into turning her tears into laughter, saying embarrassedly. "The Saint Lord praises me too highly. How could Elara be that important..."

"Hahaha, of course you are." Alex waved his hand cheerfully.

"Come, pour me another cup of wine."

Just as the two were sitting at the table together in a harmonious and happy atmosphere, they suddenly heard a burst of scolding from outside the Saint Lord’s Hall.

"You bringer of bad luck, what did you come back for?!"

Alex froze slightly, immediately putting down his wine cup and walking out.

Outside the Saint Lord’s Hall, on the drill ground, a group of disciples who should have been training had instead formed a circle, every single one filled with righteous indignation, cursing angrily.

The woman surrounded in the middle and being condemned was exactly Isolde.

"Isolde, if I remember correctly, you should have already been expelled from the family, right?" Lucas narrowed his eyes and said coldly.

"Back then, you colluded with an outsider, roared in the Holy Hall, and were so disrespectful to the Saint Lord. It could be called great treason. What face do you have to return here today? I advise you to leave quickly and not bring humiliation upon yourself!"

Isolde said anxiously. "Elder Brother Lucas, I came back this time because I have an important, urgent matter."

Lucas frowned. "What urgent matter? Let’s hear it."

"No, I can’t tell you." Isolde shook her head.

"Please move aside and let me see the Saint Lord."

"Heh, you still want to see the Saint Lord? What face do you have to see the Saint Lord?" Lucas said coldly.

"Think back to the beginning, the Saint Lord treated you with grace as heavy as a mountain. He treated you like a pearl in the palm of his hand, using the family’s resources to cultivate you."

"Relying on the Saint Lord’s doting, you were arrogant and domineering within the family. Looking down on other disciples was one thing. But for the sake of a outsider, you actually didn’t hesitate to break ties with the family."

"Are you worthy of seeing the Saint Lord? Get lost, get as far away as possible. Don’t be an eyesore to the Saint Lord!"

Seeing the group unleashing all sorts of angry curses upon Isolde, Alex frowned. He was just about to step forward with his hands behind his back when he saw a figure dart over from the distance, beating him to it.

It was none other than Julian.

Having heard of Isolde’s return, he rushed over at his absolute top speed, descending from the sky with a massive leap. He blocked in front of Isolde, standing face-to-face with Lucas.

"Lucas, you all are not allowed to be disrespectful!" Julian said, unable to contain his anger.

"No matter what, Isolde is a part of our family! Now that she has finally managed to return with great difficulty, do you actually want to force her away?"

Although Lucas and the others harbored much dissatisfaction toward Isolde, they had to give Julian some face as the most outstanding figure with the highest cultivation among the younger generation.

They were unwilling to argue further and cause the conflict to escalate.

Julian looked at Isolde, saying with deep affection. "Isolde, welcome back!"

Isolde stared blankly at Julian, remaining silent for a long time. Finally, she lowered her head awkwardly and asked weakly.

"Who... are you?"

As soon as these words came out, the atmosphere instantly became incredibly bizarre.

After freezing for half a second, everyone’s cheeks visibly tightened up, thinking of every sad thing in their entire lives to forcibly hold back their laughter. However, ultimately, one person couldn’t hold it in.

"Pfft... Hahahahaha!"

With one person taking the lead, everyone instantly couldn’t hold back anymore, laughing uproariously while clutching their stomachs.

"Hahahaha! Brother Julian, your situation is a bit too tragic, isn’t it? Seeing you rushing over so frantically just now, I thought you and Isolde were very familiar with each other. In the end, who would have thought... Who... are you... I can’t take it anymore, I’m dying of laughter!"

Amidst the roars of laughter, Julian was stunned for several seconds.

Once he reacted, his face instantly flushed red from embarrassment, wishing he could find a crack in the ground to crawl into.

"Isolde, you... you... I hate you!!"

Julian, a dignified, indomitable young man, was so wronged that tears burst from his eyes. Disregarding everything, he took to his heels and ran.

Watching his heartbroken, completely shattered appearance, a trace of sympathy flowed through Alex’s eyes.

"Sigh, poor child."

"So many people fall deeply in love. When love runs that deep, there’s no room for regret or blame."