Chapter 101

Because right now, the mere dozens of Giant Demons left in the entire world were all imprisoned right here. Inside the Demon-Sealing Cages of the Heavenly Flame Dungeon.

Once these Giant Demons died out, the Giant Demon Race would go entirely extinct. Nothing more than a passing stroke in the annals of history.

Aurelia remained expressionless as she walked past the two rows of Demon-Sealing Cages.

Arriving at the deepest part of the dungeon, she saw Knox sitting at a table. His expression dark and cold as he drank bowl after bowl of wine.

The warden and the jailers all stood to the side. Looking at each other in dismay. Completely at a loss.

Seeing Aurelia approaching from afar, they finally let out a long breath of relief.

"Your Majesty, you have finally arrived."

"Young Master Knox, he..."

"Mm, you may all step down first."

Aurelia ordered the men to withdraw. She sat opposite Knox and spoke faintly.

"Failed again?"

"Your Majesty, you can’t possibly blame me for it this time, can you?"

Knox said helplessly.

"I followed your instructions perfectly, secretly infiltrated the Hale family’s holy land. Allowed Princess Flower to catch the scent of demonic arts so she would release her primal killing instinct. Sent her to hunt down Alex."

"But who could have imagined that my luck would be so terrible?! I just had to run into the four Supreme Realm branch family Saint Lords all gathered in the holy land at the exact same time!"

Knox clenched his fists. His face full of indignation.

"Princess Flower didn’t even get to see Alex’s face before those four guys teamed up to take her down."

"I originally wanted to use the Soul-Tethering Bell to summon her back, but ended up exposing my own tracks and falling into Alex’s hands instead."

"If it weren’t for those four meddling shits, Alex would definitely be dead by now!"

Aurelia massaged her forehead and sighed.

"But the fact is, Alex is not dead."

"Furthermore, using you as leverage, he demanded that I allow them to advance by default in the Dao Vindication Assembly. Instantly securing a quota for the Secret Realm Treasure Hunt."

"Detestable!"

Knox clenched his fist and smashed it heavily onto the table.

"This old man Alex is the world’s number one treacherous villain!"

"If the day comes that I catch him, I will absolutely dig out his heart, carve out his liver, and slice him into a thousand pieces!"

...

Aurelia remained silent for a moment before asking faintly.

"Young Master Knox, do you... still want revenge?"

"Of course I do!"

Knox said without hesitation.

"I think about it every day. I yearn for it day and night. I think about it every single moment!"

"Before meeting that Alex, my life was smooth sailing. I had never encountered any setbacks!"

"But after meeting him, it was as if I fell into a quagmire. Since then, not a single thing has gone my way."

"If I cannot personally execute that old man Alex, I, Knox, in this life and this world, will not be able to sleep peacefully while alive, and will not close my eyes when dead!"

"Your Majesty, I beg you. For the sake of me saving you back then, you absolutely must help me with this."

Seeing Knox’s attitude so resolute, Aurelia’s expression became somewhat complicated. She sighed softly, her voice bitter.

"How else can I help you?"

"To help you with your revenge, all four Great Princesses under my command were mobilized. All returned in crushing defeat."

"To help you, my Heavenly Flame Dynasty has already lost three Supreme-tier treasures."

"Do you truly want me to brave the criticism of the people of the world, and even risk being forced to abdicate by the overwhelming pressure of public opinion, just to forcefully take action without cause and kill Alex for you?"

Knox really wanted to say, That’s right, I hope you do exactly that.

But reason told him Aurelia would absolutely never go that far for him. He could only put on a bitter face and plead.

"Your Majesty, then what exactly should I do?"

"You ask me, but who should I ask..."

Aurelia massaged her temples. Feeling a massive headache coming on.

Then, suddenly thinking of something, a gleam of light flashed in her eyes.

"Young Master Knox, given my standpoint and status, helping you take revenge would probably be harder than ascending to the heavens."

"I believe that whoever tied the bell must be the one to untie it."

"This grudge should still be avenged by you, Young Master Knox, personally."

Knox said with a bitter face.

"Your Majesty, you say that so lightly."

"That Alex is the Saint Lord of the Hale family. Commanding four major branch families and tens of thousands of clansmen."

"Setting aside his overwhelming factional power, just relying on his capabilities at the seventh level of the Supreme Realm, crushing me to death would be as easy as crushing an ant."

"Tell me, with my abilities, how can I possibly take revenge?"

Aurelia smiled faintly, her voice confident.

"Your current cultivation is naturally far from enough."

"However, if you were also to break through to the Supreme Realm and stand on equal footing with Alex, would you have the confidence to defeat him?"

Knox’s heart trembled with excitement. He nodded frantically.

"I do!"

"If we are both at the Supreme Realm, I absolutely will not fear that Alex!"

"Your Majesty, how do you plan to help me break through to the Supreme Realm?"

"Young Master Knox must be joking, I naturally cannot do it."

Aurelia smiled faintly.

"However, I have a close friend who might be able to help you."

"He is the head of the Ten Elders of the Divine Blade Sect. The Emperor Sword Venerable, Master Vincent."

"In his over a hundred years of teaching at the Divine Blade Sect, he has groomed over a hundred Mahayana Realm experts and dozens of Supreme Realm powerhouses."

"I can write a letter for you. You will take this letter and head to the Divine Blade Sect."

"As long as you hand the letter to Master Vincent, he will absolutely exert his utmost effort to help you increase your cultivation!"

Knox’s expression looked slightly odd.

Aurelia was clearly trying to dismiss him and send him away with just a letter. However, thinking about it carefully, he indeed had no room for choice left right now.