Chapter 291

"No personal emotions are sufficient to override our loyalty to the Heavenly Flame Dynasty."

Hearing these words, Aurelia was stunned, so moved that a few tears actually glimmered in the rims of her eyes.

Meanwhile, Lyra, Selene, and Lily standing to the side all had slightly complicated expressions, Saint Lord Alex’s words were a bit too exaggerated.

Even they felt goosebumps rising on their skin. But Her Majesty the Empress seemed very moved by them.

However, thinking about it carefully, it wasn’t surprising. Her Majesty the Empress was the one and only, absolute number one strong woman in the entire Heavenly Flame Dynasty.

From childhood to adulthood, she had never relied on a man, nor had she ever owed anyone a favor.

But at her most fragile and helpless moment, suffering from a severe illness, betrayed by the masses, and deserted by her followers, Alex resolutely stepped forward, offering to save her without asking for anything in return.

The always proud and strong Empress experienced a sense of security from a man for the very first time. Developing special feelings was also inevitable.

"Since that is the case, please, Saint Lord Alex." Aurelia smiled faintly.

"I have already prepared fine delicacies and a grand banquet. Today, I must drink with Saint Lord Alex until we are both thoroughly drunk."

"Hahaha, excellent. Your Majesty the Empress, please."

Immediately, Alex followed Aurelia into the Azure Phoenix Palace.

Within the grand hall, there was indeed a long golden table laid out.

The table was filled with a dazzling array of delicious delicacies and fine aged wines. Everything one could wish for was provided in abundance.

Alex took his seat at the guest side, smiling faintly. "Hearing that Your Majesty has fully recovered from her severe illness, the entire Hale family from top to bottom is endlessly joyful."

"We have specially prepared some meager gifts, wishing Your Majesty a healthy phoenix body, and the Heavenly Flame Dynasty a prosperous and peaceful era. Please do accept them."

Saying this, Alex beckoned with his hand. Elara and Lucas immediately stepped forward, presenting the various types of gifts one by one.

Looking at these extremely valuable gifts, the light in Aurelia’s eyes flickered frequently with an unusual brilliance.

When others gave her gifts, Aurelia was always proud, aloof, and disdainful. Entirely the posture of a monarch accepting the prostrations and worship of her subjects.

But at this very moment, accepting Alex’s gifts, she appeared both excited and expectant, guessing what was inside each gift box, jumping for joy like a young girl whose heart was fluttering with first love.

Standing to the side and serving, Lily saw Aurelia acting like this and couldn’t help but sigh secretly in her heart.

This is bad, Her Majesty the Empress is truly about to fall.

After all the gifts had been presented and received respectively by Selene and Lyra, Aurelia finally calmed her emotions slightly.

"I didn’t expect Saint Lord Alex to be so concerned about my body. I offer my many thanks here."

"Previously, in order to help my Heavenly Flame Dynasty pacify the rebellion, you did not hesitate to lead all the disciples of the clan into action, and even fought against the three ancestors single-handedly. Your contributions can be called the greatest. I have also prepared a gift for Saint Lord Alex."

Saying this, Aurelia waved her hand. Lyra, Selene, and Lily stepped forward, standing side by side in a straight line.

On each of their slender, jade-like hands, they held a silver platter covered by a red cloth.

Even separated by the red cloth, Alex could feel the items radiated pure and majestic spiritual energy, he couldn’t help but gulp down saliva and ask cautiously.

"May I dare ask Your Majesty, what are these items?"

Aurelia smiled faintly. "There is no need to be polite. Please examine them yourself."

Alex first walked up to Lyra and lifted the red cloth from the first platter.

A dazzling green light burst forth, so bright he had to frown and look away.

When the green light slightly dissipated, he focused his gaze, resting on the platter was a dark green, circular gemstone. The gemstone was as clear as a bright mirror, radiating a heavy and steady aura.

Just bathing in the green light made one feel a profound sense of security.

"Saint Lord Alex, this is our Heavenly Flame Imperial Family’s strongest defense, the Divine Wood Starry Sky Armor." Lyra introduced with a faint smile.

"Five thousand years ago, a meteor once fell from the Outer Realms. That meteor was not only extremely massive in scale, but also enveloped in rolling Outer Realm Demonic Fire that could incinerate all things into ash."

"Just as the entire Heavenly Flame Capital was about to be destroyed, the late Emperor Theron resolutely took action."

"Wearing this armor, he directly withstood the Demonic Fire using the strength of his physical body. Since then, it has been sealed within the treasury, eternally revered by future generations. Her Majesty gifting this treasure to you is precisely in the hope that you will be safe and healthy."

Facing this top-tier Supreme defensive spiritual artifact, Alex’s eyes shone brightly. Yet he still forcefully suppressed the greed in his heart, hypocritically cupping his fists.

"Your Majesty, such a precious item, how could I dare accept it?"

"Saint Lord Alex, since I brought this treasure here, it is sincerely gifted to you." Aurelia smiled faintly.

"You not only saved my life, but also saved the common people of the entire Heavenly Flame Dynasty. This debt of gratitude is heavier than heaven, earth, mountains, and seas. Using this armor to repay you, what harm is there in that?"

Seeing Aurelia being extremely sincere, Alex naturally didn’t decline further. He nodded cheerfully. "Good, since that is the case, I will respectfully accept."

He casually offered a word of thanks, then immediately rushed to Selene with surging interest, lifting the red cloth from the silver platter in her hands.

The instant the red cloth was lifted, a clear, pure blue light permeated outwards, instantly making him feel a vast aura like the ocean!