Chapter 154

Facing the shroud of death, the disciples of Sunblaze Peak panicked like birds startled by the mere twang of a bowstring.

Some hopped on their flying swords wanting to escape, only to crash into the restriction barrier in mid-air. Violently knocked unconscious. Rebounding back to the ground.

As for the elite disciples at the Core Formation Realm and above, they had already given up struggling. Merely shaking their heads with self-deprecating, bitter chuckles.

Even the Swords of the Martial Ancestor and the sect-protecting divine power left behind by their own Ancestor had failed to defeat this devil.

It was heaven’s decree that this would be their destiny today.

Facing this overwhelming, insurmountable gap in strength, it was hard to muster even the slightest bit of sorrow or anger.

There was only profound despair, powerlessness, and the ridiculous feeling of being played with by fate.

One by one, they snapped their own swords in half. Calmly welcoming the arrival of death.

Vincent, hanging from the highest point of the divine tree, looked at Alex in mid-air. He opened his mouth wanting to say something.

But ultimately hesitated and swallowed his words. Merely giving a miserable smile and shaking his head.

"Saint Lord Alex, please make your move."

The strength of this Saint Lord had completely subdued Vincent. Making him willingly offer up his own life.

However, Alex completely turned a blind eye. He just floated in mid-air. A look of helplessness on his face as he sighed and shook his head.

"Even if I killed the Evergreat Sword Ancestor’s clone, I still can’t obtain the Vault of Divine Blade Heart?"

"It seems that no matter how strong a treasure is, it still cannot rival the power of a Protagonist Halo."

"But that’s fine."

"With these two treasures in hand, even if Knox obtains the Vault of Divine Blade Heart, I have absolutely nothing to fear."

He grasped the Vault of Divine Magatama in both hands. Looking down from his high vantage point at Vincent and the others hanging from the divine tree.

A playful look in his eyes.

"Many thanks to your Sunblaze Peak for hiding your depths so well. Allowing me to reap such a bountiful harvest on this trip."

"As repayment, I will not use the Soul-Devouring Swords to absorb your blood essence and souls."

"Instead, I will use the powerful treasures left behind by your very own founding Ancestor to send you on your way."

"Vault of Divine Magatama, move!"

With a casual wave, golden jade swords materialized one after another. The quantity could be changed at will according to his thoughts and the amount of spiritual energy poured in.

At this very moment, Alex poured in forty percent of his spiritual energy. Directly summoning a hundred thousand jade swords.

The entire Sunblaze Peak was illuminated as brightly as broad daylight.

On this night, every single disciple of Sunblaze Peak turned into light.

Not only the disciples, but all the cave dwellings as well were entirely destroyed under the bombardment.

When the light faded, the entirety of Sunblaze Peak had been leveled to the ground.

Above the ruins, only Iris remained, slumped on her knees, face filled with the ultimate, sluggish blankness of sheer terror.

Alex stored the Vault of Divine Mirror and Vault of Divine Magatama into his storage ring. Unhurriedly descended from the sky. Standing with his arms crossed in front of Iris, he smiled faintly.

"Saintess Iris, do you hate me?"

"I don’t hate you." Iris shook her head. Smiling miserably.

"Even Elder Vincent accepted his fate and died by your hands."

"I received the grace of your rescue. Why would I have any hatred?"

"Mm, I feel the same way." Alex nodded.

"However, just in case, you cannot remain in the Divine Blade Sect."

"Because I still have some matters to attend to while staying in the sect."

"Today, I slaughtered the entirety of Sunblaze Peak, leaving you as the sole survivor."

"If you were to leak the news, it would be extremely troublesome."

"Therefore, I must have you stay somewhere else for a few days first."

He turned around and shouted faintly. "Brat, how long are you going to hide?"

A gentle breeze blew past. None other than Blaze revealed himself, grinning cheekily.

"I didn’t expect the Saint Lord would still discover me."

"This subordinate originally wanted to closely protect the Saint Lord. But I didn’t expect the Saint Lord to be so incredibly fierce and mighty as to directly annihilate the Evergreat Sword Ancestor."

"The Saint Lord’s prestige is unmatched in the world. This subordinate is truly so full of admiration I could prostrate myself on the ground!"

"Enough, stop flattering me." Alex said faintly.

"Immediately escort Saintess Iris back to the Hale family’s Holy Land."

"Hand her over to Cedric and tell him to take good care of her without any negligence."

"Understood!" Blaze nodded readily. Then whispered. "Saint Lord, do you think you could... reward me with some kind of treasure?"

Alex raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"

"Think about it. This Saintess Iris is a dignified Mahayana Realm expert, while I am merely at the Nascent Soul Realm."

"What if, on the way back to the sect, Saintess Iris refuses to go and insists on leaving? How could I possibly stop her?"

"Therefore, I ask the Saint Lord to reward me with an item. So that I can securely and steadily escort Saintess Iris back to the sect."

Alex couldn’t help but laugh. "Brat, I ask you to run a little errand, and you actually dare to demand compensation from me?"

"This subordinate wouldn’t dare." Blaze said innocently.

"This subordinate is just afraid of failing to fulfill the Saint Lord’s heavy entrustment and losing my life instead."

"Fine, fine. I will indulge you." Alex pondered for a moment, spent one thousand five hundred Providence Points in the Providence Mall to redeem a knife, casually tossed it to Blaze.

"Hmm?" Blaze inspected it up and down for a while. A look of suspicion. "Saint Lord, what kind of treasure is this? Why can’t this subordinate sense its grade?"

"Mm, it’s correct that you can’t sense it." Alex nodded and laughed cheerfully.

"This thing is called the Supreme-Destroying Flying Knife. It does not belong to the category of conventional spiritual artifacts."

"Even an ordinary person with a mortal body could instantly decapitate a Supreme Realm powerhouse using this knife."