Chapter 196

The Heaven and Earth Gourd radiated a powerful suction force, acting like a spinning black hole.

Kray and the Vire family crowd’s attacks were directly and entirely sucked into it. Like clay oxen entering the sea, they failed to stir up even the slightest ripple.

"Heh, you pieces of trash, this is all the ability you have?" Malakai gave a contemptuous snort.

"It’s not even enough to scratch an itch... for this poor monk!"

"What?!" Kray’s face abruptly changed, angrily gritting his teeth.

Malakai’s mockery instantly ignited everyone’s fiery anger.

"You demonic monk, stop getting so carried away here!"

"Watch me annihilate you!"

The crowd was furious beyond control. Successively bringing out their strongest spiritual artifacts. Cain Ashen, Alric Fen, Thalen Wren, and Ziven Mire.

The four of them led the prodigy juniors of their respective families. Unleashing full firepower in a fierce assault.

The Ashen family’s Spirit Seal Beast Transformation Technique.

The Alder family’s Five Thunders Heavenly Dipper Technique.

The Wren family’s Myriad Swords Weapon Stance.

The Mire family’s Gale Howling Rift Skill.

The major Saint Lineages all used the ultimate abilities at the bottom of their trunks. For a time, the color of the world changed, and the stars shifted.

Seeing this, Knox’s originally dim eyes revealed a brilliant gleam. He couldn’t help but excitedly clench his fists.

He was originally worried that these Saint Lineages only superficially agreed to follow him but would actually slack off. Fortunately, under Leona’s rallying call, these old foxes all used their true abilities.

The Saint Lords of these Saint Lineages were all Supreme Realm experts. As long as they were willing to put their lives on the line, annihilating these three Evil Buddhas wasn’t considered a difficult task.

The power of various divine abilities converged together. Bursting forth with a terrifying momentum that seemed capable of destroying heaven and earth.

The disciples of the major Saint Lineages all revealed excited smiles.

They seemed already convinced that their combined strike could blast these three Evil Buddhas into crushed slag.

However, the next second, the howling, clamorous world abruptly returned to tranquility.

The world-destroying combined strike unleashed by the four major Saint Lords and over a hundred family prodigies was directly, effortlessly sucked into the Heaven and Earth Gourd by Malakai, without his expression changing in the slightest.

"This..." The trace of fighting spirit that had just risen in the crowd was instantly beaten into silence.

Every single one of them turned deathly pale. Their faces ashen. Enveloped by thick despair.

"Heh, is this all the ability the cultivators of the current world possess?" Malakai laughed contemptuously.

"I see this world is truly about to change."

To tell the truth, Alistair and Malakai had originally only agreed to help Alex with a small favor.

Put on the disguise of the Greed Buddha and Delusion Buddha and sit here to pretend to be the three Evil Buddhas with him.

However, they truly hadn’t expected that pretending to be the three Evil Buddhas would actually be this satisfying.

Normally, as the Saint Lords of Saint Lineages, they had to guarantee their dignified and solemn appearance at all times. When interacting with the Saint Lords of other families, even if they absolutely couldn’t stand the sight of the other party, they still had to put on an amiable, accommodating facade.

When encountering little brats who didn’t know the immensity of heaven and earth, even if they could crush the other party into dregs with a single finger, they still had to pretend to be highly respected, tolerant elders.

But today, it was different.

Wearing the skin of these Evil Buddhas, they finally didn’t have to suppress their tempers. They could do whatever they wanted to their hearts’ content.

Towards the Saint Lords of minor families they usually found displeasing, they could casually mock and despise them.

Towards reckless brats who dared to provoke them, they could directly trample them like ants.

They could finally experience the joy of being those heinous, lawless, absolute major villains.

Anyway, no matter what unforgivable acts they committed, they could just throw the blame onto the backs of those damned three Evil Buddhas.

Helping out with this favor was truly so fucking awesome.

Seeing the major families all enveloped in despair and fear, a chilling smile curled at the corners of Alex’s mouth. He finally spoke faintly.

"Knox."

Hearing this resonant and powerful shout like the strike of a great bell, Knox’s expression changed slightly.

But seeing everyone’s gazes all turn toward him in unison, Knox had no choice but to take a deep breath, gather his courage, bite the bullet and step forward.

"I, Knox, am right here!"

"If you want to kill or slice me up, just come at me!"

The Saint Lords, Elders, and prodigies of the major Saint Lineages looked at Knox’s expression, full of awe and respect.

The terrifying strength of these three Evil Buddhas made them all feel desperate and powerless.

But this young man, with merely Core Formation Realm strength, actually dared to step forward and face these three terrifying Evil Buddhas.

With such integrity and boldness, no wonder he could win the favor of two Heaven’s Proud Daughters. In this current era of scheming and deception, Knox’s pure heart was truly commendable.

Just as everyone was admiring him and secretly sweating for him, Alex narrowed his eyes slightly. Revealing an amiable smile.

"Thank you for agreeing to cooperate with us and helping us trick all these people into coming here."

"Now, we can finally go on a massive killing spree."

Knox: "???"

Hmm?

What the hell?

This young master has never even seen you guys, okay?! When did I ever agree to cooperate with you?!

Seeing this, Alistair and Malakai beside him also hurriedly cooperated with the bit.

Malakai said faintly. "Today, we will definitely kill all these people and then absorb their blood essence and souls."

"According to our agreement, the fortuitous encounters within this Heavenly Flame Secret Realm will all belong to you."

"Hahaha, kid, your acting skills are truly impeccable, actually managing to fool these Lords of the Saint Lineages so completely." Alistair also laughed heartily.

"For such acting skills, this poor monk must gift you another fortuitous encounter."

Saying this, Alistair directly picked a spirit fruit he didn’t really care for from the pile of resources Alex had given him yesterday.