Chapter 185

Alex looked at Malakai and said solemnly. "And all of this is merely one of Knox’s many strokes of good luck."

"Saint Lord Malakai, do you now believe that Knox is chosen by Destiny? The convergence of Luck?"

Before Malakai could speak, Alistair said coldly. "Hmph, exactly!"

"Not only the two prodigies Brina and Leona, but wasn’t their Hale family’s prodigy Isolde also a fanatical follower of that brat back then?"

"Whether that brat has Destiny shrouded upon him I don’t know. But he definitely has an absolute affinity with women!"

"If things go wrong, he’s probably a fucking Innate Women-Affinity Saint Physique, right?!"

Listening to Alistair’s words, Alex instantly didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

This old geezer. Because his words just now made Alistair lose face, the old man wanted to make him lose a bit of face as well!

"No matter what, the matter is already imminent and allows for no retreat." Alex said with a straight face.

"Placed before us, there are only two choices."

"Either, pretend nothing happened. Pretend we don’t know anything. Watch helplessly as Knox, with the help of the Ashen and Vire families, obtains the most fortuitous encounters in the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm and becomes the biggest winner of this Treasure Hunt."

"Or, our three major families join forces together. Make Knox fall to the dust. His reputation completely ruined and his standing destroyed!"

"Oh?" Alistair and Malakai froze, hurriedly asking.

"Brother Alex, what excellent strategy do you have?"

Alex smiled faintly, speaking unhurriedly.

"The two brothers should both know that the largest fortuitous encounter in this Treasure Hunt is the three Evil Buddhas of Greed, Anger, and Delusion hidden in the deepest part of the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm."

"As long as the three Evil Buddhas are decapitated, one can obtain the inheritance of the Buddhist Saint Heavenly True One."

"If we do absolutely nothing, then this fortuitous encounter will definitely belong to Knox and no one else."

"But if we want to stop him, we can do exactly this..."

Immediately, Alex recounted his plan in full detail.

After listening, Alistair and Malakai froze for a moment. Both unable to help but reveal smiles.

"Hahaha, Brother Alex, you are truly venomous!" Alistair clapped his hands and laughed.

"Once this move is unleashed, although it can’t kill Knox, it can completely ruin his reputation and standing. Making his name thoroughly stink up the streets!"

"If our plan succeeds, Knox will become the target of public criticism. All the Saint Lineages will spare no effort to hunt him down. Even forcing the Heavenly Flame Empress to hand him over for execution!"

"From then on, there will be absolutely no place for him to stay within this Heavenly Flame Dynasty!"

"Haha, brilliant, truly brilliant! This vents the anger of this foolish older brother even more than directly killing him!"

Meanwhile, Malakai remained silent for a moment. Narrowing his eyes, he said deeply.

"This scheme is indeed good..."

"However, my Sol family coming to participate in the Dao Vindication Assembly this time, expending all our effort to fight for the qualification to hunt for treasures, is not merely to deal with some obscure, nameless little guy."

"After taking care of Knox, how will our three families divide the resources within the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm?"

Hearing these words, Alistair instantly also revealed a straight face.

Everyone was an astute old fox. No need to beat around the bush.

No matter how good his relationship with Alex was, even calling each other blood brothers. Once family interests were involved, there wouldn’t be the slightest concession.

"Since Brother Alistair is so straightforward, I will also speak frankly." Alex smiled faintly.

"Actually, the other resources don’t matter."

"It is the inheritance of the Buddhist Saint Heavenly True One behind the three Evil Buddhas of Greed, Anger, and Delusion that can be considered something one can encounter but not ask for."

"What the two brothers care about the most is exactly who this fortuitous encounter should belong to, right?"

"Correct!" Alistair narrowed his eyes and said deeply.

"Since Brother Alex has spoken frankly, this old man will rely on his old age to pull rank!"

"My Blackwood family’s ancestrally transmitted cultivation method evolved from Buddhist Dharma. The disciples of my Blackwood family have an extremely deep friendship with the disciples of the Buddhist Dao."

"Including me himself, who has faced the wall and worshipped Buddha for many years. And is currently an honorary elder of the Iron Buddha Ancient Temple in the Crimson Soaring Dynasty."

"The Buddhist Dao inheritance stresses the word destiny. If it is a person without destiny, even if they obtain it, it will be futile and useless."

"Therefore, I believe that no matter by emotion or reason, this fortuitous encounter of the Buddhist Saint Heavenly True One should belong to my Blackwood family!"

The moment Alistair’s voice fell, Malakai shouted in dissatisfaction. "Saint Lord Alistair’s words are utterly wrong!"

"The essence of a so-called fortuitous encounter is nothing more than true essence and power, no matter who obtains it, it is a massive improvement to their own strength. What does it have to do with destiny?"

"I believe that if our three families cooperate, this fortuitous encounter should belong to my family!"

"Why?" Alistair narrowed his eyes and asked coldly.

"Because that Knox has enmity and grievances with both of you." A cunning smile curled at the corners of Malakai’s mouth.

"Whether the so-called Destiny is true or false, let us set that aside for now."

"If there were no grievances or enmity, Saint Lord Alex couldn’t have gathered us here to secretly scheme and cooperate to deal with him."

"In other words, getting rid of Knox is, for you two, taking a great revenge and eliminating a major hidden danger."

"But what does my Sol family gain in this cooperation?"

"If this most abundant fortuitous encounter is not given to me, then why should I discard my own family’s interests to cooperate with your two families?"

"Saint Lord Alex, do you think what I’m saying makes sense?"

Alex nodded with a faint smile. "It makes sense, but..."

"Brother Alex, you can’t try to smooth things over!" Alistair said dissatisfiedly.

"A fortuitous encounter depends on the word destiny, not the word chance."

"Since this fortuitous encounter is the inheritance of a Buddhist Saint, it should belong to this poor monk!"

Good heavens. In order to fight for the fortuitous encounter, he’s actually changed his self-address to this poor monk!