Chapter 186

Alex instantly didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, nodding. "Brother Alistair’s words also make sense, but..."

"There is no but!" Malakai abruptly stood up and said sternly.

"My Sol family absolutely must have this Buddhist Saint’s inheritance. Otherwise, the cooperation is off!"

Alistair had not the slightest intention of yielding. He also stood up. "Heh, what a coincidence. My Blackwood family will also not yield this Buddhist Saint’s inheritance to anyone!"

The two were at daggers drawn, clashing point for point. About to come to blows.

Suddenly, a burst of golden light flashed from behind. Accompanied by a strong intent of karma and destiny.

Alistair and Malakai froze. They unanimously turned their heads, and their expressions instantly froze on their faces.

It was Alex. Holding a sphere of light in his palms radiating the power of the Buddhist Dao. Looking at them with a face full of helplessness.

"Two brothers, I wanted to tell you just now. But neither of you would listen."

"Actually, I already casually took this Buddhist Saint Heavenly True One’s fortuitous encounter in advance."

"Also, those three Evil Buddhas of Greed, Anger, and Delusion have already been annihilated by me."

"So, the two of you actually don’t need to fight until your heads are broken and bleeding over this little thing."

Alistair: "..."

Malakai: "..."

No, wait. You brat made a massive fortune in silence, and you’re even acting innocent while taking all the advantage!

Do you have to be so despicable?

"Saint Lord Alex, you..." Malakai said with a complicated expression. "How did you do it?"

"The Heavenly Flame Secret Realm has restrictions left behind by the Ancient Phoenix King. Only Aurelia, as a descendant, can open the seal..."

"That’s right." Alistair was also completely bewildered.

"Not to mention the seal, just setting up formations and keeping watch outside the Secret Realm is the Jade Princess Lily. Along with hundreds of Mahayana Realm experts."

"Brother Alex, how could you avoid their eyes and ears? Quietly enter the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm and do such a massive thing?"

"Could it be... you’ve truly become an Immortal?"

"I wouldn’t dare claim to be an Immortal. It was just something I did in passing." Alex smiled faintly.

"Aside from this Heavenly True One’s inheritance, I’ve already brought out most of the relatively generous resources from the Secret Realm."

"If the two brothers are willing to cooperate, then our three families can just equally divide these resources."

Saying this, Alex directly took off his storage ring and summoned all of the harvest he had just obtained from the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm at once.

Various spiritual artifacts, spirit grasses, beast pelts, bone blood. All of it piled up into a small mountain. The sheer abundance of spiritual energy radiating from them caused a dense spirit cloud to condense in mid-air.

"This, this..." Looking at these spectacular resources, Alistair and Malakai both couldn’t help but gulp down a mouthful of saliva.

Even if they didn’t agree to cooperate, relying solely on their own families’ strength, they might not necessarily be able to obtain so many treasures in the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm. Where the weak are prey to the strong and the competition is fierce.

After a long time, Malakai was the first to be moved. He laughed sheepishly. "Saint Lord Alex, what are you saying?"

"Just based on the relationship between our three families, we should inherently share honor and disgrace. Be united like branches on the same tree. Why speak of cooperation?"

"The business of you two brothers is precisely this Malakai’s business!"

"These resources... ah no, this favor! My Sol family will definitely help with it!"

Alistair also hurriedly stated his position. "Brother Alex, this foolish older brother’s attitude just now was a bit poor. Please don’t mind it."

"That Knox originally caused a huge scene at my Blackwood Family. Making both our families lose all face!"

"Now that we finally have such an opportunity to completely ruin his reputation and standing, how could we miss it?"

"Not to mention you taking out these things. Even if there was nothing at all, we absolutely must cooperate!"

Facing the complete 180-degree reversal in the attitude of these two, Alex was not too surprised. He didn’t feel displeased either. Smiling and nodding. "The two brothers’ utmost sincerity truly moves this little brother."

"To express my sincerity in cooperating, I won’t take my share of the resources."

"Just consider it as me acting as a porter for once. Bringing these things out from the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm."

"Two brothers, please pick what you like and just divide it equally!"

"Truly?!" Alistair and Malakai instantly widened their eyes in pleasant surprise.

"This... this isn’t appropriate, right?"

Although their mouths said it wasn’t appropriate, their bodies were very honest.

The next second, like vicious wolves seeing fresh meat, they pounced on it. Faces full of greed as they divided up the small mountain of resources.

"Good stuff!"

"This belongs to me!"

Alistair and Malakai were the two major Saint Lords ranking second and third among all the Saint Lineages in the entire Heavenly Flame Dynasty.

Yet at this moment, they were like two old dogs dying of hunger and thirst. About to bite and tear at each other over a single piece of steak.

Alex stayed to the side the entire time. His face full of eager interest as he watched.

It wasn’t until Malakai viciously yanked Alistair’s beard, and Alistair used two fingers to poke Malakai’s eyeballs, that he hurriedly went up to break up the fight.

"Two brothers, don’t fight, don’t fight! There’s enough for both of you..."

They fought over it for a long time. Fighting until they were about to shed all pretense of cordiality. Noses out of joint and eyes glaring daggers.

Even though the two of them had torn each other’s clothes into rags and were in an incredibly wretched state from head to toe, their faces were both covered in joyful smiles.

After all, they had obtained the most abundant batch of resources from the Heavenly Flame Secret Realm ahead of all the other families.

No need to fight with other families until their heads were broken and bleeding over a tiny bit of fortuitous encounter. No risk of their family disciples suffering casualties and sacrifices.

Merely coming out in the dead of night to drink a meal of wine had resulted in an incredibly bountiful harvest.