Chapter 102

His relationships with all Four Great Princesses had turned sour. He definitely couldn’t stay in the Heavenly Flame Capital any longer. Leaving immediately and heading to the Divine Blade Sect might truly be his best way out.

After weighing the pros and cons, Knox nodded and said solemnly.

"Your Majesty, this lowly one is willing to travel to the Divine Blade Sect to cultivate!"

"Once Knox has achieved success in his studies, I will definitely work like an dog to repay Your Majesty’s grace today!"

...

Returning to the holy land, the Saint Lords of the four major branch families immediately led the juniors of their respective families back to their own clan territories.

Watching the retreating figures of the four fleeing frantically, scurrying like stray dogs that had lost their homes and rushing like fish slipping through a net... Cedric couldn’t help but burst into laughter.

"Saint Lord, what happened to them?"

"When the four branch heads arrived earlier, they were incredibly arrogant and acted like they were unparalleled in the world."

"How come after taking a trip to the Heavenly Flame Capital, they’ve all turned into stray dogs?"

Alex stood with his arms crossed and smiled faintly.

"I scared them a bit. Naturally, they could only be reduced to stray dogs."

"Now, these stray dogs won’t be competing with us for the fortuitous encounters of the Dao Vindication Assembly."

"Cedric, how is the construction of the formation coming along?"

"Extremely smoothly." Cedric answered sternly.

"With the help of the resources purchased from the White Feather Holy Land and the borrowed manpower, the Three Heaven Formations and Three Earth Formations of the clan protection formation have already been completed."

"However, the Three Human Formations right in the center are still missing a Supreme-tier spiritual artifact to suppress and anchor the formation core..."

...

The clan protection formation Alex had requested Cedric to build was called the Nine Revolutions God-Perishing Formation. Its ingenuity lay in its division into three major sub-formations. Heaven, Earth, and Human.

The Three Heaven Formations were used for offense.

The Three Earth Formations were used for defense.

The Three Human Formations, however, were spatial formations capable of transferring clan disciples at any time.

It could rush reinforcements to the corresponding location in the shortest possible time during an enemy invasion. Or, if the entire clan was on the verge of falling, it could sacrifice the formation to allow all disciples to retreat and escape.

Although the Nine Revolutions God-Perishing Formation possessed boundless power, setting it up was extremely difficult. In the entire Heavenly Flame Dynasty, there were no more than three people capable of laying it down.

This alone showed just how profound Cedric’s research into formations truly was.

Another major difficulty was that the central core of each sub-formation required a spiritual artifact to anchor it. For the Three Heaven and Three Earth Formations, Cedric had expended massive resources to forge two anchoring totems, one for offense, one for defense.

But the Three Human Formations were the absolute core.

The lifeline of all clan disciples. Cedric didn’t dare show the slightest negligence. He could only request instructions from the Saint Lord.

"What’s so difficult about this?"

Alex smiled faintly and browsed through the Providence Mall. He spent 8,000 Providence Points to redeem a Lower-Grade Supreme-tier Jade Flute and casually tossed it to Cedric.

Feeling the majestic spiritual energy within, Cedric’s face was full of astonishment.

"Saint Lord, this... this is..."

"This Soul-Suppressing Jade Flute can temporarily hypnotize enemies, buying time to deploy manpower. It is perfectly suitable as the anchoring supreme treasure for the Three Human Formations."

Alex smiled faintly.

"Take it and use it. If you need anything else, just come and tell me."

"...Yes."

Cedric gripped the jade flute and nodded heavily. "Many thanks, Saint Lord!"

"Thank me for what? You are forging a formation for the family. It should be me thanking you."

Alex waved his hand nonchalantly, summoned a floating cloud, and returned to the Saint Lord’s Hall.

Cedric stood in place. Looking at the Soul-Suppressing Jade Flute in his hands, he couldn’t help but secretly gulp in shock.

How did the Saint Lord become so generous and extravagant? Casually bringing out a Supreme-tier spiritual artifact?! Could it be... he robbed the national treasury of the Heavenly Flame Capital and struck it rich?

...

Returning to the Saint Lord’s Hall, Alex directly instructed Elara to guard the door and forbade anyone from entering. He sat cross-legged on the throne and enthusiastically opened his system panel.

[Current Host:] Alex.

[Identity:] Saint Lord of the Saint Lineage Hale family.

[Cultivation Base:] Supreme Realm(Seventh Level).

[Cultivation Methods (Below Supreme-tier not counted):] Lower-Grade Supreme-tier Rakshasa Water and Fire Art, Lower-Grade Supreme-tier Rakshasa Soul-Extinguishing Art, Mid-Grade Divine-tier Six Paths Wheel of Destruction Art (First Chapter: Animal Path).

[Spiritual Artifacts (Below Supreme-tier not counted):] Lower-Grade Supreme-tier Rakshasa Demon Umbrella; Lower-Grade Supreme-tier Jade Sword and Blood Purification Bottle; Mid-Grade Supreme-tier Heavenly Spirit Flame Lotus.

[Bloodline:] Rakshasa Abyssal Saint Body.

[Providence Points:] 58,000 points.

[Currently Plundering Chosen One:] Knox. (Providence Plundering Progress: 30%)

Reading the contents of the system panel, Alex nodded with a satisfied smile.

What satisfied him the most was naturally his accumulated Providence Points, 58,000 points.

Thinking back to the beginning, he had practically risked his life to strip away Knox’s luck. Even after gnawing him almost down to the bone, he could only scrape it off a few hundred points at a time.

Fortunately, the system’s investment function was truly too incredible.

And the youngsters in his clan... every single one of them was too fucking ambitious and capable. Investing a few hundred Providence Points would yield thousands in return just a few days later.

Right now, Alex essentially had nowhere to spend all the Providence Points in his hands.

He also had quite a few fixed deposits resting on the heads of his disciples. He could withdraw once they broke through their realms.

It’s time for a proper spending spree.

Alex browsed through the Providence Mall. Thoroughly feasting his eyes.

Then, without hesitation, he first redeemed the second Chapter of the Six Paths Wheel of Destruction Art.