Chapter 20: How come he fainted

Under the stares of every student of the Academy, Damian stood up and slowly started walking towards Micheal, who was coming down from the stage.

As he was walking, he released his Aura from his core and soon a reddish black Aura started spreading out.

Damian slowly undid the buttons of his blazer.

Even the slowest student already knew what was about to happen.

And they were not disappointed.

Micheal soon started feeling suffocated by Damian’s Aura... the closer he got, the more he felt the terror of that Aura.

’What the... who is this guy? How is he so strong?

I’m the first ranked student for god’s sake!!!

Why is he already so strong?’

As he was having such thoughts, Damian was already standing in front of him.

And then, Damian increased the pressure of his Aura with the help of Aura control skill.

And after that... there was no after.

He blacked out!

The last vision he had was of that guy having his hands in his pockets and looking down at him as if he were a pathetic ant.

****

"C-cool."

"What the hell..."

"He already formed his core?!?"

"Who is this monster?!"

As the first year students were feeling perplexed.

Student Council members finally reacted.

One lean looking brown haired man jumped down from the stage and arrived at lightning speed in front of Damian.

He was trying to take Damian down.

But the moment he arrived in front of him.... He found a gun pressed against his head.

Damian’ face was expressionless as he stood holding the gun against the man.

He tilted his head as if he dared the brown haired man to move.

"That’s enough!"

Both Damian and the brown haired man looked towards Elizabeth, who was having a grim expression on her face.

"Miss Murdoc-"

"Enough Junior Cross, come back."

"Sigh..."

The brown haired man, Victor Cross, stepped back on the stage to stand behind Elizabeth.

He was clearly reluctant to let Damian go just like that.

"Junior Damian, care to explain yourself?"

Only then did Damian put the gun down and fixed his clothes.

"I was just walking and that student collapsed."

".... What?"

"Yeah... I’m surprised too. This is a first ranked student we are talking about, how come he fainted out of nowhere?"

"Pfft-"

Several students couldn’t hold back their laughter at the stupid excuse Damian was presenting.

"I mean... I didn’t attack him or anything. And I just recently awakened my core, so I was not able to control my Aura.

Some of it accidentally leaked out and the topper here fainted."

"Sigh...."

Looking at the innocent expression he was making, Elizabeth couldn’t help sigh.

’This is gonna be a tough year... I just became President and I get this batch full of monsters.

Well, given his history, he was already merciful.’

"Evergreen, take Junior Micheal away to the clinic."

A man with green eyes and hairs stepped forward from behind her and raised his hand.

A green Aura spread out and lifted Micheal, but unlike the reddish dark Aura of Damian, this greenish Aura was very gentle.

Before that man took Micheal away, he looked at Damian with curiosity.

"And junior Damian, I see that you have trouble controlling your Aura.

Meet me after the orientation, I will guide you well."

With meaningful eyes Elizabeth addressed Damian, before looking at the crowd of students and continuing.

"Alright everyone, all of you are free to roam the premises and get to know your seniors as well.

From tomorrow onwards, your classes will start.

Have fun till then."

Soon students started leaving with excitement written on their faces.

Many of the new students couldn’t help but look towards Damian with fear as they walked by.

His crimson eyes and hairs, along with the scar made him look very intimidating.

Along with his actions just now, he already left a shadow in everyone’s heart.

****

"Could you please not create trouble for me at the academy Damian... I don’t want to spend time cleaning up your messes."

"I’m sorry for today, next time I will follow the rules."

As soon as the orientation was over, Damian waited for Elizabeth to finish her talk with the remaining student council members, who soon came close to him.

"Anyways, I wanted to ask if you wanted to join the student council."

Damian looked confused at the sudden invitation.

"Don’t give me that look, we have a quota of 2 students in the student council for first years.

And looking at your theory exams and your strength. You seem like a good fit."

Looking at the purple haired beauty, Damian couldn’t help but ponder on the sudden opportunity.

Although joining the student council seemed like a good thing. There would also be many constraints.

"Let’s say if I decided to join the student council. Am I allowed to create an organization as well?"

"Organization? Do you mean a club?"

Now it was Elizabeth’s turn to be confused.

"Not a club. But an organization which will function just like the organizations outside the academy.

Although, I don’t know if I will really be creating any or not. In the future, if there need be, I might create a power of my own.

Can it be done while being a member of the student council as well?"

"Hmm... while I am the president, there should be no problem. Many members of the student council already have clubs running.

I don’t mind it unless you wreck havoc in the academy."

"Then I don’t mind joining the student council."

"Perfect! I will contact you when the procedures are done.

Till then, enjoy your day~~"

Looking at Elizabeth leaving happily, Damian couldn’t help but sigh.

’Does she want to keep an eye on me?

Nevermind, let’s go outside the academy and buy some clothes first.

I need to get some decent sets of suits.’

****

Damian changed his clothes and went to the parking lot where his bike was parked since the day he arrived at the academy.

Wearing the helmet on, he started the bike and went outside the academy towards the main Tranquil City.

Tranquil city was the city in which the Stormhold Academy was located.

The Academy itself was located at the outskirts of the city. With the main city being some distance away from it.

As he went to the bustling city, he quickly found a renowned clothing shop.

He went inside and was greeted by an old man, who was clearly the owner.

"Hello, how can I help you sir?"

"I want some suits I can use for regular day use. You can take the measurements."

"No need sir, I can tell your measurements just by looking."

Damian looked at the old man with grey hair closely.

His intuition was screaming at him that this man was not ordinary.

But he could feel no Aura around the old man and he felt so weak.

"... Can I have your name, old sir?"

"You can call me old man Mike, young sir. And how should I address you?"

"My name is Damian Valcor, a new student at Stormhold Academy."

"Ah, I see... young talent indeed.

Though, I would suggest you to be careful on your way back young Damian... Some people from Norrington city have arrived here recently in search of a person by the same name."

Damian’s eyes sharpened as he looked at the old man who was looking at him meaningfully.

"... And where can I find these people?"

"You are not yet strong enough. Let’s get you some suits first."

Old man Mike laughed as he ignored Damian’s request.