Chapter 3: Blood Duel And Asserting Dominance

The warriors immediately backed away, giving them a wide circle in the center of the camp.

A Blood Duel was the final nail in the coffin of the barbarian factions.

If Kane won, he would instantly gain full control of the entire clan without having to fight a drawn-out civil war.

’This is what I wanted,’ Kane thought, stretching his neck until it popped.

’The fastest way to skip the faction grind is to just beat the boss and take his keys.’

Lain roared and charged forward, raising his warhammer high over his head.

The attack was slow and highly telegraphed.

Kane could see the exact trajectory of the swing before it even started to fall.

He waited until the iron head was inches from his face, letting Lain commit his entire body weight to the strike.

At the last possible second, Kane simply took half a step to the right.

The hammer slammed into the dirt right where he had been standing, sending a cloud of dust into the air.

Lain stumbled slightly, thrown off balance by the missed connection.

Kane did not draw a weapon.

He just stepped inside the chief’s guard, pivoting his hips to generate maximum force, then drove his fist directly into Lain’s exposed stomach.

Bam.

The impact sounded like a cracking whip.

Lain’s eyes went wide with pure shock.

The blow lifted the large chieftain a few inches off the ground, forcing all the air from his lungs in a sharp gasp.

Kane followed up immediately, grabbing Lain by the back of his collar and tossing him onto the dirt like a toy.

Lain coughed up blood onto the ground.

The old chief clutched his ribs and glared up at the new challenger.

Kane stood tall above him.

The setting sun caught Kane’s messy red hair and highlighted the defined muscles of his broad chest.

He felt the raw power coursing through his veins.

’This body is a cheat code,’ Kane thought, flexing his fingers.

Kane turned his attention away from the groaning chief.

He scanned the circle of stunned barbarians until his eyes locked onto a young warrior holding a rusted iron battleaxe.

"You," Kane pointed at the boy.

"Give me that axe."

The young warrior hesitated for a fraction of a second before tossing the weapon forward.

Kane caught the handle out of the air.

The familiar balance of the axe brought a genuine smile to his face.

It was his favorite weapon class back in the real world. The swing speed was slow, but the damage output and the generous hitboxes were perfect for clearing crowds.

Lain tried to push himself up onto his knees. "You cannot do this. I am the chief."

"You were the chief," Kane corrected him.

He did not wait for another word.

Kane swung the axe downward in a smooth arc.

The blade severed Lain’s neck instantly as the older man collapsed into the dust.

Silence washed over the entire camp.

No one dared to breathe.

They just watched the blood pool around their former leader.

[Blood Duel Concluded. Winner: Kane.]

[Title Acquired: Bloodfang Chieftain]

[You’ve acquired 500 Gold Coins]

’Too easy,’ Kane smirked, resting the axe handle on his shoulder.

’The AI didn’t even try to dodge.’

He turned to face the terrified crowd.

Hundreds of starving faces stared back at him.

Some held fear, and others held a spark of awe.

"Listen to me," Kane projected his deep voice across the camp.

"Your old ways are dead. Lain led you to hide in the woods and eat boiled bark. He made you weak. I am your new chief, and we no longer hide and starve. We conquer."

A few of the older warriors exchanged nervous glances, but the younger ones leaned in closer.

They were hungry for food and hungry for a leader who actually won fights.

"Look at yourselves," Kane paced along the edge of the fire pit.

"You are barbarians. The blood of the first conquerors runs in your veins. You are meant to take what you want, but you sit here dying of a common fever. Tomorrow morning, that changes. I am taking you out of these dead woods. We are going to raid the elven trade routes, and we are going to take everything they have."

"We’ll slaughter their guards, burn their wagons, and drag their pretty little elven bitches back here by their golden hair. I’ll fuck every highborn elf cunt we capture until they’re broken and begging. Their tight royal pussies will be mine to breed. While their men scream, I’ll be balls-deep in their princesses, turning their sacred forest whores into cum-filled barbarian breeding stock."

The younger warriors started grinning.

A few even cheered.

Sex will always be the ultimate dopamine for these barbarians.

As long as I give them women, they will never think about anything else.

Kane’s gaze finally shifted past the dead chief toward the two women standing frozen near the chieftain’s hut.

The first was Thora, Lain’s mature wife, a thick, voluptuous barbarian milf in her early thirties.

Wide hips, big breasts barely contained by worn furs, long dark hair, and strong but womanly curves.

Her face showed a mix of shock and reluctant fascination.

Beside her stood Sira, the younger wife, barely 19, athletic and fiery with a lean, toned warrior’s body, sharp green eyes, and wild auburn hair.

She looked equal parts terrified and defiant, her full lips pressed into a thin line.

Kane pointed the bloody axe at them.

"Those two belong to me now. Just like the rest of you."

’I can’t wait to see the kind of level-up I will get if I fuck them.’ Kane licked his lips.