Chapter 141 -: 140 Crypian’s plan.

Julius stretched out his hand. In a flash, his heavy war hammer appeared in his grip.

The Love Guardian was still staggering like a drunk guy who just got punched in a bar fight.

His chest plate was badly dented, and his helmet looked like someone had used it as a football.

Julius grinned under his mask and tossed the war hammer toward Rosalina like he was passing a basketball.

Rosalina caught it smoothly and rested the massive hammer on her shoulder. She looked at Julius and raised an eyebrow.

"Let’s finish this clown first," Julius said in a calm voice as he lifted his chained mace.

"Yeah," Rosalina nodded. She kicked the ground hard.

Dust and broken stone flew behind her as she charged straight at the Love Guardian like an angry bull.

Julius did the same. He pushed off the floor and rushed forward, mace ready to swing.

The Love Guardian grabbed his huge sword with shaky hands.

He looked completely worn out, breathing like an old man who just ran up ten flights of stairs.

But the stubborn idiot still raised his weapon and tried to fight back bravely.

From the back, Crypian and Alia watched the whole thing with wide, worried eyes.

They could clearly see their big guardian was on his last legs.

The two masked fighters had been beating him since the very beginning.

Their teamwork was ridiculous.

It honestly looked like one person was fighting with four arms instead of two.

"The woman... she’s way too good with weapons," Crypian muttered, not taking his eyes off the fight.

Rosalina was moving like a pro.

She swung the war hammer with perfect control, smashing at the Love Guardian’s joints, knees, elbows, shoulders, wherever it would hurt the most.

Every hit made loud metallic crunching sounds.

It was like watching a veteran blacksmith hammering away at hot iron, except the iron was screaming and trying to hit back.

And the crazy part? She had already used a sword, a bow, and now a hammer like it was nothing.

Who learns to master that many weapons in one lifetime? It made zero sense.

Crypian’s eyes then moved to Julius.

"As for the guy... he’s just pure brute force," he whispered.

"He’s smashing everything like he doesn’t care if the world ends tomorrow. And somehow... every single swing lands."

The two masked fighters worked together perfectly.

Rosalina attacked the legs, gut, and arms, creating openings and taking the guardian’s weak counterattacks.

Julius focused on the head and chest, hammering away like he was trying to flatten a metal can.

It was like watching someone slowly beat an old trash bin until it turned into scrap.

With every hit, the Love Guardian got weaker and weaker.

Meanwhile, the two masked fighters didn’t even have a single scratch.

Not one. Not even a speck of dust on their clothes looked out of place.

At this rate, the poor guardian wasn’t going to survive much longer.

Crypian’s eyebrows pulled together tightly.

If the Love Guardian fell, then he and Alia would be next.

After all, Stone and debris won’t save them twice.

"If I still had the system..." Crypian muttered through gritted teeth. "Fucking luck!"

He cursed inside his head. His luck felt like it had gone deep into the negatives.

How many bad situations did one guy have to suffer?

He had the key to the 11th floor right there, but he couldn’t move an inch.

The moment he tried to run, those two masked monsters would turn on him instead.

’What the hell should I do?’ he thought bitterly.

He kept watching the fight, hoping for a miracle. But it was hopeless.

The Love Guardian looked like a little kid getting bullied by two older brothers at this point.

Crypian knew he couldn’t join the fight either.

One solid hit from either of them would turn him into meat paste.

And without his system, he had no skills, no tricks, nothing.

It was almost over...

Just as that dark thought crossed his mind, he suddenly froze.

A memory popped into his head, clear as day.

It was the Dean’s voice from months ago during training.

"This is a light path spell," the Dean had said.

"If you ever face an enemy who is too strong, use this. You will get one breath of time to escape."

Crypian’s eyes lit up as he stared at the two masked figures beating the life out of their guardian.

A small, sneaky smile slowly formed on his face.

Crypian suddenly stood up with a determined look on his face.

Alia quickly got to her feet too, watching him with big, anxious eyes.

"You aren’t going to join the fight, are you?" she asked in a shaky voice.

Her face had gone completely pale.

She looked terrified that he might actually run in there like some brave hero.

Deep down, she still thought of him as a brave, chivalrous, and honest guy.

Even with all her silly "power of love" daydreams, she wasn’t completely stupid.

She knew the truth, those two masked monsters would only need to flick their fingers and Crypian would turn into meat paste on the floor.

"Please don’t go," she begged, her voice cracking. "I don’t... I don’t want to lose you..."

Tears rolled down her cheeks as she sniffled loudly. She stared at him with wet, pleading eyes.

If Julius and Rosalina had been close enough to hear this, they would have dropped their weapons right there, lost the fight on the spot, and probably killed themselves from how painfully cheesy the whole scene was.

Crypian’s gaze softened as he looked at her.

He pulled Alia into a tight hug, just like a soldier saying goodbye to his wife before marching off to war.

The only difference? This "soldier" wasn’t planning to fight at all.

"Don’t worry," he said gently, rubbing her back with a kind smile on his face.

"I won’t go into the battle. But we can’t stay here much longer either, right?" he added, trying to calm her down while she kept sniffing.

"That’s why I have an idea!"