Chapter 104 -: 103 Rosel’s disbelief.

The next morning, soft sunlight slipped through the gaps in the curtains and gently lit up the room.

"I’m full... Papa... please, I can’t eat anymore..."

Rosalina murmured with a sleepy frown on her face.

She turned in her sleep and spread her arms wide, looking for her favorite body pillow to squeeze.

Her hand landed on Rosalina instead.

Without thinking, Rosel grabbed Rosalina’s waist and tried to pull her closer, treating her like a big soft pillow.

But Rosalina was holding Julius tightly with both her arms and legs.

Rosel was not strong enough to move her.

"Umm...?" Rosel frowned. The "pillow" would not move at all. She pulled harder.

"Umm... don’t pull..." Rosalina mumbled in her sleep.

She reached out, grabbed the front of Rosel’s nightdress, and gently pulled Rosel closer so she could use her as a pillow.

That sudden pull made Rosel’s eyes snap open.

The moment she opened her eyes, all she could see was the back of a woman right in front of her.

"Umm?" Rosel rubbed her eyes.

Everything still looked blurry. She rubbed them again and looked carefully.

Not just one woman, there were two people sleeping in her bed!

The woman was squeezing someone tightly.

Rosel sat up slowly, still rubbing her eyes. She remembered falling asleep while waiting for Papa. ..

She thought maybe the maids had carried her somewhere.

But why were the maids sleeping together like this? She did not know.

Still half-asleep, she leaned forward and peeked over the woman in front of her.

When she finally saw who it was, her sleep disappeared in a second.

"Papa...?"

Julius was squeezed tightly in the woman’s arms and legs.

She had wrapped herself around his whole body like a big koala.

But even with all that squeezing, Julius looked peaceful. He was sleeping quietly with a small smile on his face.

The moment Rosel saw this, her eyes went wide with panic.

"Oh no... Papa is cheating on Mommy!" she thought.

She quickly grabbed her own head with both hands.

"Mommy doesn’t even know about this!"

She hurried over and grabbed the woman’s hand.

Rosalina’s hair was covering her face, so Rosel could not see who it was.

She pulled the hand as hard as she could.

"Uhhhh!" Rosel’s teeth pressed together.

She pulled with all her little strength, but Rosalina was an adult and was holding Julius very tightly.

It was impossible for Rosel to move her even an inch.

"Huff... huff... huff... huff..."

Rosel let go of the hand and sat back on the bed, panting heavily.

"Wh-what do I do? This woman is so strong..."

Her voice started to shake from the sudden shock.

But she did not give up. She tried everything she could think of.

First she tickled Rosalina’s feet. Then her neck.

Then her armpits and waist. Nothing worked. Rosalina just slept peacefully and held Julius even tighter.

"Who is this woman...?" Rosel muttered.

Her words were getting all mixed up because she was so shocked.

She calmed down a little and thought for a moment.

"Let me see..." she whispered. Then she crawled carefully toward Rosalina’s head.

Rosel’s eyes squinted as she tried to look through the messy hair, but she could not see clearly.

"Whoever this is, she is definitely Mommy’s rival!"

Rosel said, hitting her right fist on her left palm with a soft smack.

"Let’s see who you really are, lady..."

Her hands were trembling. Her heart was beating fast, thump, thump, thump.

She reached out, grabbed a big fistful of hair, and gently pulled it aside.

"Mommy?!"

Her voice came out much louder than she expected.

Her eyes grew huge with shock the moment she saw Rosalina’s sleeping face.

Her sudden shout made Rosalina open her eyes.

She looked around, but she did not see Rosel.

Rosel had quickly hidden herself behind in shock, so Rosalina could only see Julius.

Rosalina looked at Julius gently.

She reached out and gave him a soft kiss on the cheek. She was about to close her eyes again when...

"Mommy..."

"Hmm?" Rosalina’s eyes snapped open again.

She blinked a few times to shake off the sleep.

Slowly, she loosened her arms and turned her neck.

The moment she turned around... "Umm...?"

Rosel was staring at her with a horrified expression on her face.

Her eyes were wide and her mouth hung open. ’This... how? Wasn’t Mommy in hate with Papa?’

"Hey sweetie," Rosalina said with a warm smile. She did not look embarrassed at all.

"You are already awake?"

Rosel, who was still in a shocked daze, quickly came back to reality.

"Y-yeah..." she answered with a trembling voice.

"Come here and sleep with your parents," Rosalina said softly.

She smiled and gently patted the bed beside her, inviting Rosel closer.

But Rosel’s mind was completely shocked.

She could not believe these two were sleeping like this. Papa was trapped like a big teddy bear!

"But... Mommy... weren’t you in hate with Papa?" she asked.

She crawled a little closer on the bed, still staring with big round eyes.

Rosalina chuckled when she saw Rosel’s funny, confused face.

"Who told you that? Your mommy has been in love with your papa even before you were born. Now come here."

Rosel tilted her head like a puzzled puppy.

"But... but I saw you fighting... and you looked mad... and Papa looked sad..."

She pointed one small finger at Julius, who was still sleeping peacefully with a silly little smile on his face, completely unaware of the drama.

Rosalina laughed softly and reached out to gently fix Rosel’s messy hair.

"That was before, sweetie. Grown-ups can be silly sometimes. We argue, but we also make up. See?"

She gave Julius another quick kiss on the cheek right in front of Rosel.

Rosel’s cheeks turned pink. "Eww... Mommy!"

She covered her eyes with both hands, but peeked through her fingers anyway. "Papa is going to be so embarrassed when he wakes up!"

"Maybe," Rosalina said with a playful wink.

"But right now he looks very happy. Come on, join us before he wakes up and turns all red."

Rosel hesitated for one second, then gave a big dramatic sigh like she was doing a huge favor.

"Okay..." She quickly crawled over and squeezed herself between them, hugging both her parents at once.

The bed felt warm and cozy.

Rosalina wrapped one arm around Rosel while still holding Julius. Rosel giggled quietly.

"This is the best family pillow ever..."