Chapter 144 -: 143 kill them in a brutal Way!

"Oh my baby boy!!!"

The voice echoed through the hall, full of shock and fear.

But the truly surprising part wasn’t the fear in the voice, it was that it sounded exactly like a little child throwing a tantrum.

Rosalina froze mid-sob.

She turned her head, eyes wide and puffy, but saw nothing.

She sniffed hard, trying to stop her runny nose, then looked back at the Love Guardian.

"Pl... please..." she started again, tears already filling her eyes once more.

Before she could finish, the voice shouted again, this time full of pure anger.

"You evil fiends!!!"

Rosalina and the Love Guardian both whipped their heads toward the sound.

Their eyes locked onto the pretty blue gem ring on Rosalina’s finger, the one Julius had given her.

Soft white smoke started drifting out of the ring.

The Love Guardian stared at it in confusion.

Rosalina stared at it with her mouth hanging open in disbelief.

Her nose was bright red from crying, and she sniffed loudly again.

The smoke grew thicker and thicker.

"I will kill you all!!!" a loud, childish voice roared from the ring.

Then.....poof!

A tiny girl appeared right in front of them.

She looked about the same age as little Rosel.

She had long, flowing blonde hair that bounced cutely around her shoulders, and big, sparkling red gem-like eyes.

Her small body was puffed up with anger, and her chubby cheeks were bright red.

She huffed loudly, steam practically shooting out of her ears like an angry little teapot.

The moment her eyes landed on Julius lying there covered in blood, her whole face changed.

Large, shiny tears instantly filled her big red eyes.

"Oh my handsome son... sniff... what happened to you?!" she cried in the cutest, most heartbroken voice.

She flew straight toward Julius like a worried little fairy, hovering over his body and inspecting every inch of the wound with tiny, frantic hands.

Rosalina just sat there, completely dumbfounded.

Her own tears had stopped falling. Her red, sniffly nose twitched as she watched the tiny girl.

She looked so much like Lady Elizabeth... but in the tiniest, most adorable package possible.

The little girl even had Julius’s face, just shrunk down and made extra cute.

"Oi, you!" the tiny Elizabeth snapped her fingers suddenly, pointing at Rosalina with a bossy little hand. "Come here!"

Rosalina didn’t waste a single second.

She quickly crawled over on her hands and knees and stopped right in front of the tiny girl, kneeling like a guilty child.

Little Elizabeth looked at her with a face that clearly said, "What were you doing when my son was getting hurt?"

And sure enough, that’s exactly what came out of her mouth.

"You couldn’t even protect my son?" she scolded, her big red eyes narrowing.

"He would have died if my main body hadn’t left a soul fragment in that ring!"

Her voice turned super strict, like a tiny teacher giving a lecture.

"To think you would be so careless!!"

"No... I was..." Rosalina’s head dropped low.

She tried to explain that it wasn’t her fault, those two sneaky bastards had used a dirty trick.

But before she could say another word, little Elizabeth snapped.

"Silence!!"

Rosalina’s mouth shut instantly.

"I gave my son to you and you couldn’t even protect him?!"

Little Elizabeth’s whole face turned bright red with anger.

Her chubby cheeks puffed out like two angry balloons, and she huffed so hard that a tiny puff of steam came out of her nose again.

Rosalina just pouted her lips and stayed quiet.

Inside her head, she complained, "When did you ever give me your son? This is my first time meeting you!"

But she didn’t dare say it out loud.

The way the tiny Elizabeth was scolding her made it clear she had some special motherly powers, so Rosalina kept her mouth shut and looked like a scolded puppy.

As little Elizabeth kept scolding, her gaze suddenly drifted behind Rosalina to the Love Guardian still pinned to the ground with spears.

"Hmph!" She let out a loud, cute snort the moment she saw him, then turned back to Rosalina.

"We don’t have much time. Come here."

She pointed at the blue gem ring on Rosalina’s finger with her tiny bossy finger.

Rosalina quietly reached out her hand.

Little Elizabeth grabbed it with her small, soft hands and tapped the top of the ring a few times.

Click-click-click.

The upper part of the ring slid open like a little secret box, revealing a small white tablet inside.

With her cute little hands, Elizabeth carefully picked up the tablet and crushed it into fine, smooth powder.

Then she turned to Julius.

The stern, angry look on her face melted away in an instant.

Her big red eyes became soft and gentle, full of love.

She softly opened Julius’s mouth and gently slipped the smooth powder inside.

Once the medicine was inside Julius, the effect was instant.

His pale face slowly started to regain its healthy color.

The deep wound on his waist began to close, but it wasn’t normal healing.

It was like time itself was rewinding.

The blood that had spilled all over the floor, soaked into Julius’s robes, and stained Rosalina’s clothes started to fade away.

The red puddles lifted off the ground and flowed back into his body.

Even the torn fabric of his clothes mended itself.

It looked exactly like the strange purple wolves they had fought on the first floor, time reversing right before their eyes.

"I had to give my favorite sword just to get one of these medicines..." little Elizabeth said softly.

She stared at her son with the kindest, most motherly eyes, gently brushing a strand of hair from his forehead.

"If I hadn’t, that stingy old man would never have given me such a precious medicine!"

She added the last part with gritted teeth, clearly still annoyed about the trade.

But then her eyes suddenly narrowed.

She looked around and spotted the Love Guardian still pinned to the ground with spears.

In the distance, she could see two figures, Crypian and Alia, rushing toward the gate to the 11th floor.

Her big red eyes turned even redder. Pure killing intent burned in them.

"They did something they should not have!!!!" she roared in her cute but furious childish voice.

Her gaze then landed sharply on Rosalina.

"Listen," she said with a very serious expression, looking straight into Rosalina’s eyes.

"Now that you two are in a relationship, you are my daughter-in-law!!"

Rosalina blinked in surprise.

"They tried to kill my only son and your future husband!" little Elizabeth continued.

She paused for a moment, then flew right up to Rosalina and patted her shoulder like a tiny king giving orders to a general.

"Go," she said, her tone turning even angrier. "Kill them in the most brutal way possible!!"

Rosalina had been staring at Julius as he slowly recovered.

His breathing was becoming steady and normal again.

The moment little Elizabeth said those words, Rosalina snapped out of her daze.

She looked the tiny Elizabeth straight in the eyes. A wicked smirk slowly formed on her lips.

She reached out her hand. A glowing magic circle appeared around it.

From the circle, a long, dull-looking sword materialized.

The blade was so blunt and boring that it looked like it would have trouble cutting even a piece of paper.

With another wicked smirk, Rosalina stood up tall.

"Gladly!"