Chapter 129 -: 128 Completing the quest.[1]

On the other side of the explosions, Julius and Rosalina were swept away by the powerful blast.

The horse panicked wildly.

The loud booms and sudden flames made it jump and twist like crazy, as if its legs had suddenly been burned off.

It bucked left and right, completely out of control.

Julius reacted fast.

He grabbed Rosalina tightly and jumped off the horse before it could drag them deeper into the dangerous forest full of exploding trees.

They landed safely in the soft snow with a thud.

"Damn, babe!" Rosalina exclaimed.

Her eyes went wide as she stared at the forest turning into a sea of fire right in the middle of all this snow.

Bright orange flames roared high into the cold air, melting the thick white snow on the branches in seconds.

The beautiful pine trees that once looked so peaceful were now exploding one after another like giant firecrackers.

She could hear the soldiers screaming in terror.

Their loud, painful cries mixed with the cracking sounds of the explosions.

The same men who had been laughing and chasing them just moments ago were now burning alive.

Rosalina burst out laughing the moment she saw them get burnt alive.

"They never would have dreamed they’d die by fire in a snowy forest like this... lal... hahaha!"

Still laughing, she clutched Julius’s armored arm even tighter, her body shaking with excitement and joy.

Julius, who was still shielding Rosalina with his body, suddenly perked up.

"It’s not ’lal’, babe. It’s ’lol’. It means ’laughing out loud’," Julius explained with a smile.

Rosalina had learned these strange words from him.

In this world, no one used them, but Julius said them so often that she started copying him. ..

Whenever she saw something funny, she would happily add "lal" at the end.

"Eh?" Rosalina wrinkled her nose cutely.

"It’s not ’lal’?" she asked, her brows knitting together in confusion. "But you always say ’lal’ this and ’lal’ that!"

Julius chuckled as he carefully crawled forward through the snow, carrying Rosalina safely in his arms to get them both out of the range of the exploding trees.

The heat from the fires warmed their faces even as cold snow crunched under his armor.

"It’s ’lol’," he corrected her gently, "because of my accent from the hilly side of my home, it sounds like ’lal’. But it’s actually ’lol’, laughing out loud. Do you understand now?"

He finally crawled out of the fiery danger zone and looked back over his shoulder.

Rosalina thought about his words for a moment. Her face suddenly lit up with understanding.

"I understand now!" she said happily.

She turned her head and looked back at the explosions.

The soldiers were running wildly from the fire, their whole bodies covered in bright orange flames.

They looked like human torches stumbling through the snow.

"Lol, look at them running!" she said with a big grin. "Is that right?"

She was still being carried safely in Julius’s arms as she spoke.

Julius started to run faster. He glanced around and felt a chill run down his spine.

They were still surrounded by the explosive pine trees.

If he didn’t get out of this forest quickly, they would be the ones running and burning like those soldiers.

"You’re right, babe," he nodded, turning his head slightly toward Rosalina.

He rushed out of the forest as fast as he could, carrying her securely in his strong arms.

Behind them, the explosions kept booming loudly....Boom! Boom! Boom!

The fire was spreading quickly from tree to tree, each new blast bigger than the last.

Julius kept running hard, the heat chasing at his back.

This dangerous place was known as the North Grave Forest.

He hadn’t understood it before, but now he did.

He finally knew what this forest was and why it was called the North Grave Forest.

"Did you also get the information?" he asked, looking down at her.

Rosalina was staring at the back, still enjoying the explosions as she looked over her shoulder.

"Yeah..." she nodded.

This information had just appeared in their minds out of nowhere.

It was probably some instructions for the quest... and also details about this forest.

’The reason this forest was called North Grave forest.....’ Julius turned his head and looked at the spreading fire.

He couldn’t help the sigh that escaped him.

’Because this was a grave, not in the literal sense, but it really was.’....As per the information he had just received, it said he would reach the North Grave Castle once he crossed this forest.

And once he did, his quest of saving the queen would be over. However, the problem was...

He couldn’t help but give a bitter sigh as he looked back.

He then looked at Rosalina.

"Do not use fire in the forest!" This was the main instruction.

But regretfully, he had done exactly that.

He had gotten rid of the soldiers pursuing them, but now an even bigger mess was pursuing them!

"Babe," Rosalina spoke up as Julius continued to run for their lives while carrying her.

Her expression turned into a deep thoughtful one.

It looked like she was thinking very hard about whatever was on her mind.

After a bit of thinking, as Julius waited, Rosalina finally spoke up.

Her face turned a bit serious. "Don’t you think it’s a bit weird?"

"What is weird?" Julius asked as he concentrated on his running.

It was fortunate for him that he hadn’t lit the fire until they were deeper in the forest.

That meant they were already near the exit, so they still had some time.

"Hmm..." Rosalina gave him a thoughtful hum, her brows knitting together.

She had been enjoying the fiery show when a slight ember had struck her.

A small, sharp pain hit her skin. That was when she noticed it.

And it wasn’t like she hadn’t felt pain before, she had just complained to Julius a few moments ago about his armor being a bit rough against her.

But this idea hadn’t struck her mind until now.

She looked up at him, her expression serious. "Are you certain the lone king was a void core specialist?"