Chapter 180: Training Ye Shuang (2)

Soon—

Ye Shuang seemed to make up her mind as she looked at Li Feng.

"...Senior Brother has saved my life after all. At least this much I can do."

She had already thought it through.

To be honest, she herself wasn’t very confident about exploring the secret realm after encountering that demonic beast.

It seemed this secret realm was even more dangerous than she had initially thought.

Moreover, Li Feng’s offer would allow her to meet or perhaps even surpass her original goals.

So it was either choosing this stability or risking her life again while exploring the secret realm.

’...And I’m only doing this to help Senior Brother, who has done so much for me...’

She murmured to herself, convincing her own heart.

Hearing her words, Li Feng almost broke into a lewd grin as she had essentially agreed.

Now, he finally had a personal seed dumpster for the entire duration of the secret realm.

However, he maintained a gentle expression outwardly and thanked Ye Shuang.

"I see. Thank you."

He then moved to sit beside Ye Shuang and reached his hand toward her waist, both of them still completely naked.

"Actually, I’m an alchemist, so we can continue exploring the secret realm together. I can even refine some pills for you if we find suitable spiritual plants."

Ye Shuang blushed slightly as she felt his rough palm on her waist, but she was even more shocked by his words.

Only then did she realize why Li Feng was so rich.

And hearing that she could still explore, her eyes brightened, as if everything about this proposal benefited her greatly.

She looked at him gratefully, knowing he was looking out for her.

"Thank you, Senior Brother."

Ye Shuang couldn’t help but feel that her trip to this secret realm was already worth it.

Just as she was smiling happily, the hand on her waist slowly moved up to her shoulder, then to her head.

Ye Shuang thought he was patting her, so she leaned down slightly, enjoying the gentle feeling.

But then she heard Li Feng’s next words.

"Ahem... then, Junior Sister, can you help me extract the yang with your... mouth?"

Ye Shuang blinked upon hearing this.

She glanced at the huge hardened length below, and hesitation appearing on her face.

She knew what he meant by using her mouth as she had seen her parents doing it before but.....

"...Can that even fit in my mouth?"

Hearing her doubt, Li Feng laughed as he applied some force to her head, slowly pushing it down.

"Haha, don’t worry, Junior Sister. Our cultivator bodies are more flexible and quite strong than you thought, so it’ll be fine."

Hearing this, Ye Shuang blink and sighed.

Since she had already accepted his gift and agreed to help him, she had to honor her words.

’...This is for Senior Brother’s sake.’

With that final thought, she leaned down and opened her mouth as she began to slowly swallow that large veiny flesh.

Slurp...

"O–Oh~"

Li Feng let out a lewd sigh as he felt a wet sensation enveloping his little brother.

It wasn’t just from that, it was also the satisfaction of seeing this proud and righteous disciple lower her head to his crotch.

’...I really do love righteous sects.’

He smiled lewdly while enjoying the awkward sucking from below.

Glup...

Glup...

Glup...

After sucking for a while, Ye Shuang seemed to get used to it and began bobbing her head up and down rhythmically.

Seeing this, Li Feng finally stopped guiding her head and removed his hand.

He then reached for her soft, drooping breast and began to knead it.

"Haa~"

Li Feng sighed in relief feeling the addictive softness in his palm, and finally feeling that the upcoming day’s frustration was over now that there was someone willing to extract his seed.

’Now I can finally explore around and look for Senior Sister Yue.’

He still hadn’t forgotten his original goal of finding Yue Lan and making sure to protect her from any threats.

At the same time, he could also farm some Favor Points when he with her.

Thinking about all his plans falling into place, he smiled and glanced at the bobbing head below.

’And it seems I also need to train this junior of mine a bit more. Her technique is still quite average.’

He thought as he pinched her stiffened bead.

"Mhmmm~"

Ye Shuang’s body trembled slightly as she let out a muffled sound.

However, her head didn’t stop moving as she continued doing her best to extract his chaotic yang.

After enjoying her efforts for a while, Li Feng let out a sigh and grabbed a handful of her silky hair.

"Junior sister, don’t resist. Let me help you. This will be faster."

Hearing his words, Ye Shuang who still keeping her mouth wide open blinked in confusion, unsure what he meant.

Soon, she felt a force pushing down on her head.

And remembering his words, she didn’t resist.

Li Feng then began using her head like a toy, pushing her up and down frantically.

Glup...!

Glup...!

Glup...!

Ye Shuang’s head continued bobbing frantically under Li Feng’s movements.

Soon, as he felt the rising sensation, Li Feng groaned and pushed her head down deeply until her lips touched the base of his groin.

Spurt!

"Mmm!"

Ye Shuang, whose lips were pressed against his groin, let out a muffled moan as she felt a hot liquid slowly fill her throat.

Her eyes turned slightly teary from having to stretch her mouth so wide.

Gulp...

And Li Feng just smiled lewdly while releasing his morning load.

"Ugh~... this feels great."

He groan on pleasure as his waist twitched.

After a few minutes passed, Li Feng finally released her head and leaned back, sighing in relaxation.

Ye Shuang, finally free, slowly lifted her head as the wet, veiny flesh slid out of her mouth.

"Puha..."

She let out a hot breath, sticking out her tongue.

And a translucent white can be seen slowly dripped from it, sliding downward.

Seeing this, Li Feng smiled and gently patted her head.

"Good girl..."

Ye Shuang subconsciously smiled at his praise... without realizing that Li Feng had already begun training her.