Chapter 118: Anger

"...Hello."

A soft young girl voice drifted through the air.

Li Feng calmly stared at the small figure of light before him that barely reaching his shoulder, with her shaped figure like a little girl.

She had no face, only a tiny mouth that curved faintly when she spoke.

Then Li Feng calmly asked,

"What’s your name?...Or do you prefer I call you Divine Soul Tree ?"

Hearing this, the little girl made of light seemed to smile.

"Please call me however you want , Benefactor."

Li Feng thought for a moment then sigh slightly as he looked at her.

"Let’s call you Little Bai. Calling you Divine Soul Tree is a bit too long."

After hearing this, Little Bai clasped her hands together as she began fidgeting shyly.

"Little Bai... so that is my name."

Then she looked up at him with a bright, happy smile.

"Thank you. And I’m sure you have many questions, right?"

Li Feng nodded slowly.

"Yes... what is this place? And why did you show me those memories?"

Little Bai skipped lightly, hands behind her back , letting out a soft sigh.

"This place is the bridge that connects to the cycle of reincarnation. With the last of my power, I created it so I could help those poor souls return. Even though it wasn’t my intention... they have suffered a lot because of my abilities."

She turned to look into the endless white expanse, then back at Li Feng.

Then she tilted her head slightly, showing a puzzled gesture.

"...And regarding those memories, maybe it’s because something inside you resonated with me...So that’s why, when your power touched mine , this just happened."

Then she continue casually with a smile. "And there’s no need to worry. Time flows differently here than in the real world."

Suddenly after she finished her words , her body began to flicker as if about to black out.

"You—"

"Oh?, it seems like my time is slipping away..."

She looked at her flickering hand , then turn toward Li Feng with seriousness on her face.

"Benefactor , let’s not waste any more time... before I disappear, I hope you can help me with one thing....And I’m sure it will benefit you too."

Li Feng just sighed at this, thinking that everyone truly had some regrets and unfulfilled wishes...but they only realizing them after death.

"Tell me. If it is within my power , I will help."

Little Bai smiled when she heard this, then pulled out a small light from her body.

"...This is another seed of mine. You can also say it is my child."

She then handed it to Li Feng.

"I hope Benefactor can provide this child with a new home... somewhere safe, if possible."

Li Feng, seeing this, immediately thought of the pocket space in his brick. He could plant it there—nothing was safer than the pocket space of an indestructible divine weapon.

So he nodded seriously.

"Sure. I will help find your child a suitable home."

Hearing his firm promise, Little Bai sighed in relief.

"I’m glad... please raise it well. The child’s abilities might prove useful to you someday, Benefactor."

Feeling no more attachments, she looked upward as her lower body slowly began turning into fragments of light.

"Wait!"

Just then she heard Li Feng shout so she turned her head toward him in puzzlement.

"Oh? Is there anything you need , Benefactor?"

Li Feng nodded and clenched his fist slightly as he asked nervously.

"Yes..., do you happen to know where my senior sister’s body is? And where is her soul?"

He couldn’t find her body outside and now even inside he couldn’t find her soul.

So now he couldn’t help but think of the worst possible scenario.

Seeing his nervousness, Little Bai smiled, thinking Li Feng is truly caring, and was about to answer to relieve him of his worry... but then she paused slightly as if she remembered something.

"...I’m sorry. Unfortunately Mo Shuyan burned her soul and completely destroyed her body."

Li Feng’s eyes widened, and his breathing turned slightly rough when he heard this.

He gritted his teeth and suppressed his rising emotion.

"I see.... thank you for informing me."

Seeing Li Feng’s cold face, Little Bai inwardly apologized but she wanted to be selfish one last time.

Then she let out one last peaceful sigh as her body began to burst into fragments of light.

Just before her head vanished, she softly murmured,

"I’m sorry mother.... I have failed you."

Whoosh—

With that, Little Bai’s body turned into flickering light.

And now the Divine Soul Tree finally found some peace.

Crack!

_

_

_

At the Nameless Village

Li Feng slowly opened his eyes as he saw the scene in front of him.

"..."

Under the rift of the night sky with countless stars as witnesses,

The huge tree in front of him completely disappeared, leaving only its lower bark, which was also slowly turning into dust.

Li Feng slowly lowered his hand and then he heard the notification.

[Ding!]

[Host! One minute has passed!]

[’Ruler of the Stars’ state has ended!]

[Ding!]

[Congratulations Host on obtaining Rank 5 Treasure ???, Seed of Divine Soul Tree!]

Then the huge rift above slowly mended itself as if being sewn back into its original form by the world.

And Li Feng’s body returned back to his original form.

He looked at the notification and couldn’t help but be a bit surprised at the seed’s rank.

If he converted it to cultivation realms... this seed was already above Nascent Soul in terms of rarity.

It didn’t mean it had the strength of that Realm but it was just a treasure that could be used by those above the Nascent Soul Realm.

’There would be a bloodbath if people knew about this seed...’

Then he saw the question marks next to the Rank and frowned.

Before he could think further, a scream interrupted him.

"Ahhh!! What have you done!!?"

Mo Shuyan’s scream echoed as he stared at his tree turning into dust.

"Do you have any idea what we could’ve achieved with this tree!!?? You bastard!"

He continued shouting toward Li Feng with bloodshot eyes.

’Oh, I almost forgot about this guy... dammit.’

Li Feng’s surging anger slowly resurfaced, remembering that this guy had killed his senior sister.

Not only was she his woman now, she was also his golden egg for becoming stronger.

Li Feng’s breathing turned rough as rage flared , just from imagining losing such an amazing and obedient woman whom he had slowly grown fond of.

He immediately vanished from his spot and appeared in front of Mo Shuyan.

"You—Ugh!!"

Mo Shuyan let out a surprised noise as a hand gripped his neck.

Without caring about his own body which was still skewered, Li Feng lifted Mo Shuyan hard and high, causing blood to spurt from Mo Shuyan’s pierced torso.

Mo Shuyan couldn’t even let out a pained scream as his throat was being crushed.

He stared down to see Li Feng’s cold eyes looking straight at him.

Blood slowly flowed from Mo Shuyan’s body , dripping onto the ground.

Then Li Feng opened his mouth and loosened his grip slightly.

"...Speak. Where is my senior sister?"

Even though the Divine Soul Tree already told him, he still wanted to confirm it again with Mo Shuyan.

....Somewhere deep down, he still refused to accept it.

Sensing Li Feng’s rising anger and seeing those cold eyes , Mo Shuyan didn’t seem to feel fear of death—instead, he laughed and sneered, continuing to provoke Li Feng.

"Haha... you still want to see your senior sister? Dream on! I destroyed everything from her soul to her body! ... You’re so useless, failing to protect your own dao companion?? Such incompetence... just keep living with that guilt forev—"

Before he could finish—

Grip!

The grip on his neck tightened.

"Ugh!"

Mo Shuyan even felt fingers digging into his flesh.

Then he heard Li Feng’s calm tone.

"...Is that so?"

Bang!

Crack!

Mo Shuyan’s body was smashed into the ground and the earth fracturing beneath him from the impact.

And he spat out a mouthful of blood.

Before he could come to his senses, a looming shadow fell over him.

Li Feng now straddled Mo Shuyan, pinning both of Mo Shuyan’s arms with his legs.

He slowly raised his right hand and swung down toward the face below.

Bang!

Spurt!

Blood sprayed upward along with fragments of bone.

But Li Feng wasn’t done.

He raised his other hand and swung down without hesitation.

Bang!

Spurt!

Bang!

"Kill me if you dare—!?"

Bang!

Bang!

"You—!"

Bang!

"Stop—!"

Bang!

....

....

....

Bang!

After swinging his hand for some time, Li Feng took a small break and leaning back slightly as his hands were now stained with blood.

Mo Shuyan’s body had already stopped twitching beneath him with his head now was a complete mess... blood everywhere, and mangled flesh, even bone can be seen protruding out.

But Mo Shuyan was still alive, because Li Feng made sure to control his strength.

"..."

Looking at the mess below him, he frowned slightly, as he still feel unsatisfied.

Without a word , he took out the high-grade Rank 2 recovery pill he received from Wei Meilin as a reward from Yin Rou’s father.

He crushed one pill slightly and fed it to Mo Shuyan’s weirdly misshapen, bloody mouth.

Soon, Mo Shuyan’s face recovered with speed visible to the eye.

"Y-You... S-Stop—"

Before Mo Shuyan, now filled with fear in his voice, could say anything further—

Bang!

Li Feng swung his fist down again.

Bang!

Spurt!

Mo Shuyan tried to struggle free, but then—

Bang!

"Just kill me—!"

Bang!

Bang!

"N-No mor—"

Bang!

Li Feng continued swapping fists and swinging down without saying anything.

Now, not only his hands were stained with blood, but his face and body were also stain from the splattered from the constant impact.

Yet his eyes remained cold and firm.

Whenever Mo Shuyan seemed close to dying, Li Feng fed him another recovery pill and continued beating him.

Bang!

Bang!

Bang!

....

....

A few hours passed as afternoon slowly turned into evening.

And Li Feng could still be seen in the same position, continuing to swing his fists.

Every time his hand landed, blood splashed can be seen.

Meanwhile.....

Crack!

Unknown to Li Feng—

...A small crack appeared on the ground where the Divine Soul Tree once stood, as if something was about to sprout out.