Chapter 135: Pure Carnal Pleasure (4)

Whitesilk City,

The sky had already turned dark, lantern light spilling across the bustling streets.

But night did not mean rest for everyone .... rather for many, it was when the real day began.

Night vendors slowly filled the roads, as their calls rising and falling.

The red-light district grew even brighter, as beautifully dressed women stepped out beneath the lantern glow, waving gently to attract passing customers.

Amid the lively scene, a mother and her young daughter can be seen strolling casually down the street.

Suddenly, the little girl who still licking a candy pointed excitedly toward a grand gate up ahead.

"Mother, why is that house so big?"

The mother followed her finger and chuckled softly.

"Ah, that’s the Zhu Residence. It belongs to immortals, so of course it’s larger than ours."

Hearing the word ’Immortal’ the child eyes sparkle and brighten.

She bounced on her toes and tugged her mother arm.

"Mother ! I want to become an immortal too! Then I can have a big house and a mountain of candy !"

The mother only laughed at her child innocent enthusiasm.

"Silly child. Immortals are extremely busy ... they don’t have time to enjoy mountains of candy."

"Eh? Then what do immortals do?"

The mother thought for a moment, then repeated a line she had once heard in a story.

"Ehem... They spend their days seeking immortality, vanquishing evil....and protecting the land. It is their sacred duty to maintain peace and order !"

Hearing this,

The little girl’s eyes grew even brighter, filled with admiration.

If only she knew what the ’immortal’ inside that residence was doing at this very moment...

Truly, ignorance was bliss.

_

_

_

Inside Zhu Residence.

Madam Zhu’s Room.

It had already grown dark both outside and inside.

At least the outside was lit faintly by lantern light, and that soft glow slipped through the window, outlining an alluring silhouette in the room.

Step...

Step...

Drip...

The figure slowly made her way to the small table.

She picked up a cup of tea with trembling fingers and downed it in one breath.

"Haa... haa..."

A breath of relief escaped her lips as she let out a shaky sigh.

Soon, a sliver of moonlight slipped in, finally illuminating the silhouette more clearly.

It was Madam Yan who was completely naked.

Her hair was let loose, cascading over her shoulders.

Her cheeks were flushed, her breathing unsteady.

She currently only have a cat-like adornments on her head and the black collar around her neck that created a striking contrast against her pale skin.

Her robe were nowhere in sight as her mature naked curves were exposed to the world, but she was far too exhausted to care.

Her ample bare breasts still glistened faintly with saliva, and her thighs trembled slightly as if she had just finished a rather strenuous... exercise.

Drip...

Drip...

A white, translucent liquid slowly slid down her shapely thigh and fell onto the floor but she didn’t seem to care.

She simply poured herself another cup of tea and drank it in one breath.

"...Haa... this is insane..." she murmured, wiping her lips as she glanced back toward the bed.

There, she saw Zhu Yin who was currently beneath Li Feng with her legs lifted helplessly.

Her voice trembling with each movement from the man above her.

While Li Feng currently leaning forward and moved his waist with frantic, relentless rhythm.

The sound of their bodies meeting echoed through the room—

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"Haaa~... Ahh~... Haaa..."

From where Madam Yan stood, she could clearly see the rough motion of his hard little brother going in and out of her friend cave with raw intensity.

’...He calls it a "mating press", doesn’t he...?’ she thought, staring blankly at the debauchery unfolding before her.

Then she looked down at the state of her own body, which had been in a similar position just moments ago.

...and saw the translucent droplets continue dripping to the ground from between her legs.

She sighed at this man’s vitality and desire as they had been going at it for a few hours now... they even had to take turns so one of them could take a break.

Looking at the pair still entangled on the bed, she shook her head slightly.

"This is just... pure carnal indulgence..."

It was nothing like the union between a man and woman trying to conceive a new life ..... just pure primal, and raw indulgence of human desire without restrain.

While lost in her thought, she didn’t notice the noises behind her had quiet down, nor that the man on the bed had already disappeared, leaving Madam Zhu’s sprawled body behind, with her legs spread like a frog as a thick milky essence slowly flowed out between them.

"...?"

Madam Yan then felt a presence behind her, and a hand suddenly pushed her onto the table, bending her over.

Her eyelashes fluttered slightly as she know it is her turn now and obediently spread her legs.

Squelch...

Soon, she felt that hot thing slowly invading her from behind once again.

She felt it stretching her inside inch by inch until it pressed against the entrance of her womb.

"Ahh...~"

Madam Yan let out another breathless moan as she felt her inside completely full once more.

Then,

A rough big hand gripped her shoulder while another held her soft delicate waist firmly.... right now she was completely under the man mercy.

Plap...

Plap...

Plap...

Her body slowly began to sway sensually under the man control.

"Uhh~... Ahh... Haa!"

She gritted her teeth, trying to endure the pleasure flooding her mind but the suppressed moans kept leaking out, which seem only to made the man movements behind her more excited.

After a while—

Spurt!

"Mhmm~"

Madam Yan felt Li Feng release deep inside her once again.

Then the familiar heavy weight of his chest fell onto her back as his hand went to play with her soft breast.

Her eyes slowly grew misty, feeling the rough breathing of the man on her neck as he kissed her, while she was slowly being filled with his essence and at the same time ... being milked by him.

"Ahh~..." Her body suddenly trembled slightly, feeling her stiff pink bead being pitch and pulled by his rough finger as the tingling, electric pleasure shot through her head.

Li Feng, who felt satisfied, continue to roughly mold her big soft breasts and whispered in her ear.

"...Madam, I have a way to enable you to cultivate."

Just after his words end, the soft body under him trembled slightly.

"Ugh~" Li Feng grunted slightly at the sudden tightness.

Then Madam Yan whose eyes become serious turned to look at him, but her face remained slightly flushed.

".... Is what young master saying is true?"

Li Feng just smiled as his finger slowly continue to rolled the stiff pink bead around.

"Of course, why would I lie to you? "

Hearing his confident tone, Madam Yan’s heart started to beat faster.

She had never heard of a method that could allow a mortal....someone who could not cultivate to cultivate.

Yet she forced herself to calm down, .... knowing that something this good could never be free.

"What do you need from me, young master...?" Madam Yan asked softly, slowly swaying her body on her own initiative.

Li Feng didn’t answer immediately.

He closed his eyes and enjoyed the sudden tightness for a while, then smiled.

"Nothing much... I just need you to pass a simple test of mine."

With his words, he removed his hand from her breasts, then took out a small red rope and fastened it around the small hole in her collar.

Then he slowly leaned back and removed himself from her body.

Madam Yan, now free, glanced back and saw Li Feng standing there with a lewd grin while holding that "leash" in his hand and understood immediately.

She slowly went down on her knees, then onto all fours.

"Nya~" She slowly rubbed her soft, mature body against his leg as if trying to earn favor from her master.

Li Feng smiled at this obedient and smart cat of his.

Without another word, he pulled her by the rope and led her out of the room.

Once they reached the guest room outside, Li Feng went to sit in the big chair and spread his legs wide.

"Come." he said, pulling the red rope slightly toward his still rising high little brother.

Madam Yan also understood and slowly crawled on all fours toward him, then slowly buried her head at his groin.

Slurp...

"Ohh~"

Li Feng sighed in pleasure feeling the wetness around his little brother and relaxed in his seat as he closed his eyes with his head tilted back.

Then he opened his mouth.

"I can give you the abilities to cultivate, but... then you will belong to me. And I mean everything—both your body and soul."

He said it without looking down.

Madam Yan, who had been diligently cleaning her master’s little brother froze slightly when she heard this.

"If you agree... then suck hard and serve me well."

Li Feng then stopped talking, letting the woman decide for herself.

If she were some evil person, or his enemy, he wouldn’t even let them choose if he found out they qualified to be his apostle

He would have beaten them into submission and made them his apostle if he fanc—ehem... no, if he wanted to rehabilitate them.

’Alas, such a righteous disciple I am...’

Li Feng had already considered making a prison where all the "hot evil-doers" would be kept inside his Divine Brick for... future rehabilitation.

Then he glanced down at the head currently buried at his groin, which seemed to have paused her mouth movement.

This woman had served him well, so at the very least he should let her know the cost and allow herself to decide her own future.