Chapter 76: Merchant

The air in the room was thick with heat, the lingering scent of sweat, sex, and pill fire coiling together like incense smoke.

A storm of indulgence had just passed, leaving only wreckage behind.

Wei Meilin lay completely naked, sprawled across the table like a frog thrown into boiling water, her limbs loose and trembling.

"Haaa... haaah..."

And her big chest heaved lightly as she panted, each breath making her ample breasts sway faintly, while her sensitive tips flushed pink in the air.

Her eyes were dazed and misty as she continued lying on her back on the table.

Drip...

Drip...

Between her spread, trembling legs, a thick amount of white, translucent liquid continued spilling from her entrance, as if overflowing onto the floor.

Li Feng, already dressed, smiled at the sight.

He felt quite proud to see that he was able to satisfy his woman this far.

There was something intoxicating about seeing the cold, calculating Wei Meilin reduced to nothing but a panting mess, her legs still twitching and spread wide while his essence spilled from her entrance.

"Madam Wei," he said lightly, tone almost casual, "I will be going now. I might not come back for a while."

Wei Meilin parted her lips, but only a soft gasp came out. She really wanted to complain a bit about Li Feng’s newly found, unreasonable "strength."

Yet her body had no strength left, as though every last drop had been drained from her.

Li Feng gave her twitching, seductive body one last glance, then stepped out into the corridor.

"..."

Seeing Goldie beside the door, Li Feng smiled nostalgically, remembering how Goldie would always wait outside until he finished his "business".

"Hehe... let’s go, Goldie. We have many things to do today."

The first floor of the hall was still bustling as customers in varying robes wander about, some whispering as they examined the pill bottles displayed on counters.

The faint medicinal fragrance of refined pills still hung in the air, evidence of Li Feng’s handiwork.

The young clerk immediately spotted him descending with Goldie in tow.

His eyes brightened as though he were seeing a lucky star as he rushed over, and bowing slightly.

"Sir Li! Have you finished your business with Madam?"

Hearing his questions, Li Feng grinned as he felt his ball is little bit lighter and replied.

"Yes. It was a very satisfying session... and we had a wonderful talk."

The clerk smiled happily, glad to hear this, as it would mean the business here was probably gonna grow even more as long as the hall had Li Feng, and he also got to get a bonus too.

Li Feng seemed to think of something; he hooked his arm around the young clerk and whispered softly,

"Don’t let anyone go up until Madam comes down herself...she’s currently handling some... secret, expensive pills."

Hearing this, the clerk’s eyes lit up and he puffed out his chest.

"Don’t worry, Sir Li! They’d have to step over my dead body if they want to go up."

Li Feng gave a weird smile when he heard this and lightly patted the clerk’s shoulder.

"No need to go that far. If someone really wants to go see her, just go and ask Madam Wei about it first."

Li Feng believe Wei Meilin could handle this kind of situation herself if it happen, so he just wanted to let the clerk give her a heads-up if something urgent happened while she was still "cleaning" herself up.

Then, after a few smiles and nods toward the customers there, he stepped back onto the street, with Goldie once again silently following behind him.

Once outside, Li Feng stretched leisurely, rolling his shoulders and cracking his neck. The sun was still high in the sky, warm rays bathing the street, while the chatter of merchants and hawkers filled the air.

He tilted his head back, squinting toward the north.

"Hmmm... it should be almost time to meet Senior Sister Fen at that merchant place," he murmured, rubbing his chin.

He take a fresh breath and start walking toward the north district but just a few step, Li Feng remember that he still haven’t pick up his "Animal assessory" yet that he order to be custom made a few days ago.

"This should be quick..." With a crooked grin, Li Feng change direction and head toward the cloth store.

__

At the cloth store,

Ding!

"Welcome! Oh, it’s Sir Immortal."

The old store owner’s eyes lit up the moment he recognized Li Feng.

Customers rarely came back so quickly after an order, but this man had the kind of presence one would have a hard time forgetting, as this customer had a habit of spending lavishly without blinking an eye on... a kind of unique stuff.

Li Feng smiled, his hands clasped casually behind his back. "Store Owner, I came to check if my order is ready. The ’special accessory’ I asked you to custom made, surely you have it ready...?"

Hearing this, the Store owner chuckled with a grin, and bowing slightly.

"Hehe, how could I dare let Sir Immortal down? Please wait a moment."

He shuffled into the back and returned carefully carrying a big lacquered wooden box.

Li Feng’s grin widened as he saw the various types of content inside.

"Not bad at all." He reached out and lifted one of the accessories between his fingers, turning it around, as if inspecting a precious treasure.

The store owner cleared his throat with a hint of pride.

"It’s as per your design, Sir Immortal. Flexible, comfortable, yet durable enough to withstand even spiritual energy fluctuations. Perfect for... ah, certain private uses."

Goldie, standing silently behind, tilted its head faintly, as if trying to figure out what the thing Li Feng was holding in his hand was.

Li Feng chuckled and ran a thumb across the soft dog-ear accessory, the crooked grin on his lips becoming more shameless by the second.

"Yes... this is perfect...I can already picture how well it’ll suit her."

"Suit... her?" The store owner blinked, then smiled as he gave a knowing look and wisely decided not to pry further.

Satisfied, Li Feng closed the box and tucked it into his storage pouch.

He then tossed over a small pouch of spirit stones, far more than the price.

"This is a reward for your good work. I’ll be coming back here if I have other designs."

The store owner’s eyes widened as he grabbed the tossed pouch and felt its weight.

"S-Sir Immortal, you are too generous!"

"Generous?" Li Feng gave a refreshing laugh, already turning to leave.

"Hehe, store owner, as long as you satisfy me, then you deserve my generosity."

As he stepped back onto the bustling street, Li Feng looked toward the north district.

The merchant place wasn’t too far.

His grin lingered, crooked and playful, as his thoughts wandered and imagine Fen Ziyan’s voluptuous body, wearing his newly acquired special accessory.

"Ehem... Senior Sister Fen probably won’t mind as long as I sweet-talk a bit."

With a rising desire and anticipation to try out his new stuff, Li Feng hurried his step as Goldie’s silent shadow following close behind.

__

The northern district always looked fancier than the rest of the city because many rich merchants lived there.

The streets were wide, with tall silk banners waving in the afternoon wind, and carriages moving along the road.

Soon, Li Feng saw the Silk Caravan Group.

Compared to the other flashy shops nearby, the Silk Caravan Group looked simple and modest. The two-story building was plain, without the fancy decorations of its neighbors.

Li Feng then noticed a row of caravans already seemingly preparing to leave, with a group of people still busy loading goods and supplies into another caravan further back.

Just as he was about to head over, a man dressed like a guard noticed him and quickly stepped forward.

"Halt! Who are—oh! You must be the other Azure Moon Sect disciple!" the guard said, quickly composing himself. "This way, please. Our chief has already been expecting your arrival. Your companion has already arrived and explained everything to him."

Li Feng blinked and let out a small chuckle. Clearly, Fen Ziyan had prepared everything in advance.

’She’s more capable than I thought,’ he thought, slightly impressed.

He followed the guard inside the building.

The interior was simple but well-kept, in line with the modest appearance of the Silk Caravan Group outside and soon the guard led him through a short hallway until they reached a room at the back.

Inside, Fen Ziyan was already waiting, seated gracefully while sipping her tea, her expression calm and composed.

At this moment, her demeanor was completely different, as she now seem aloof and proud, like an immortal looking down on mere mortals.

It was a stark contrast to how obedient and vulnerable she had been before, moaning under Li Feng’s touch.

Beside her stood the chubby, middle-aged man who seemed to be the Chief, looking nervous but friendly.

Next to him, a mature woman dressed in luxurious, flowing robes who seemed to be his wife.

Her posture was elegant, and the careful way she observed the room gave off an air of quiet authority, while a young man, likely in his twenties, stood next her.

He was neatly dressed and looked clearly handsome, with sharp features that would draw attention if he were back on Earth.

And Li Feng couldn’t help noticing the subtle way his eyes kept flicking toward Fen Ziyan, betraying a curiosity or admiration he tried to hide.

’Interesting...’, he inwardly mused.

Both his plump wife and son were dressed neatly, giving the room a warm, family-like atmosphere despite the business setting.

Li Feng’s eyes swept over them briefly, noting their demeanor, then he bowed slightly, without his usual crooked grin.

"Greetings," he gave a smooth greeting and appeared very gentlemanly.