Chapter 81: Death Soldier

During the time Li Feng was finishing off the bandits,

Somewhere in the distance, a masked figure wrapped in a dark cloak hurried through the forest.

"Dammit! Those useless fools... I can’t believe they got scared just because someone caught my arrow. Our plan fell apart before it even began!"

He muttered bitterly as he moved through the trees, his mind replaying the scene of Li Feng casually catching his arrow mid-flight.

Unlike those cowardly bandits, he was different.

He admitted that Li Feng might be strong...but in the end, the man was still only a Qi Refinement cultivator.

His own squad leader had already reached the peak of the 9th realm, so there was nothing to fear.

Even he himself had reached the 7th realm, and with the life-and-death battles he’d experienced, he was confident he could fight evenly against an 8th realm cultivator.

If it weren’t for their attempt to kidnap Fen Ziyan without leaving any trace, they wouldn’t have needed to go through so many steps or hire a bandit.

"I have to report this to the Leader..." he muttered, already dreading the scolding to come as he sped through the forest.

Before long, he landed in a secluded grove with no one in sight.

"...No.10, where is Fen Ziyan?"

A cold and stern voice, seemingly belonging to a middle-aged man, was heard from behind one of the trees.

"Leader No.0, the thing is..."

No.10 hesitated for a moment, then explained everything that had happened.

After listening in silence, No.0 frowned, lost in thought.

A few more silhouettes appeared around them, stepping out from the shadows after hearing No.10 words.

Each wore the same mask and cloak.

One of them spoke up, his tone doubtful. "No.10, are you sure you’re not mistaken? The only target of concern is the Princess herself, who’s already at the peak of the 8th realm. There shouldn’t be anyone else of that level here."

Gritting his teeth, No.10 shot back, "Of course not! I saw it with my own eyes! Our information about this Li Feng guy must be wrong!"

Seeing his subordinates start to argue, No.0 commanded in a cold voice,

"Enough. I’m sure No.10 wouldn’t lie about something like that for this important mission."

Everyone quieted down after hearing this.

They all knew this time must be a very important mission, after all, their master had personally ordered them, the Death Soldiers.

"No.5, show me the information again regarding this disciple named Li Feng."

As he said that, No.0 turned his head toward one of the men.

Hearing the command, No.5 took out a scroll containing all the information related to the mission.

No.0 took the scroll and went through it again.

He already remembered every detail, but he wanted to make sure he wasn’t mistaken, so he began reading it once more.

He skipped over the information about the Silk Caravan and went straight to the name Li Feng.

"...An Outer Disciple in the 5th Realm of Qi Refinement and also a Rank 1 Alchemist."

No.0 frowned when he read this. No matter how much he thought about it,it didn’t seem like Li Feng was anything special other than being an Alchemist,so it didn’t make sense for him to be able to stop an attack from a 7th Realm Qi Refinement cultivator so easily like No.10 described.

...Unless this guy is hiding his real strength all along and pretending to play the pig to eat the tiger.

Seeing their leader remain silent, No.10 asked hesitantly, "What should we do now, Leader...?"

No.0’s gaze remained calm as he burned the paper away.

"The mission will continue. We have to get Princess Fen back but we’ll have to adjust a bit."

No.10, hearing the calm and confident tone of the leader, also calmed down and asked,

"Leader, what do you mean by adjust?"

No.0 give a small smile, "It actually the same process for this step, just that instead of Princess Fen landing in our steps. It will be that Li Feng guy instead who will come."

No.10 froze upon hearing this. "Eh? ...You mean I’m being followed?" he asked, hurriedly looking back.

Seeing No.10 panic, another sneered, "Idiot. The leader is saying he’ll be here soon after dealing with the bandits."

"What do you mean?" No.10 couldn’t keep up with their thought process. This was actually his first time joining an external-affairs mission like this one, since he mostly dealt with assassination work.

No.0 didn’t mind and calmly explained to the newcomer, "The bandits are just bandits. They’ll do anything to save their lives, so it’s almost certain they’ll spill information about us."

No.10 nodded as if he finally understood, then something else flashed through his mind and he asked hesitantly, "But will Li Feng really come?"

No.0 just smiled. "Of course he will. People from those righteous sects are always overconfident, especially if they believe their strength is above your. So he’ll definitely come to check things out, and once he does, we’ll subdue him and use him to lure out the princess."

No.10 couldn’t help but feel overwhelmed by how many steps were involved just to kidnap one person, so he asked again, "Can’t we just deal with them upfront? There’s no need for so many steps, right? We have the numbers, and our strength should be more than enough."

No.10 glanced around as he spoke.

Except for him, everyone here was at least in the 8th Realm of Qi Refinement, and was not any ordinary cultivators neither.

As Death Soldiers, they had all been trained since childhood, and have gone through countless deadly training and situations to reach this point.

Their master’s family had invested heavily in them, and their lives and freedom were also forever controlled by the family.

"Death Soldier" was just a polite term, but essentially, they were just slaves serving the family their entire lives, responsible for doing all the dirty work.

With the strength of this group, dealing with Fen Ziyan would be easy, so No.10 really wondered why so many complicated steps were necessary.

Just as No.0 was about to explain, a seductive voice rang out.

"Ara~ Little 10 seems awfully tense. Do you need your big sister to ease you again?"

From the woods, a mature woman in a cloak appeared.

Unlike the others, she didn’t bother wearing a mask, revealing a beautiful face with purple lips.

She was currently licking a translucent stain from her finger and lip, while swaying her seductive curve.

Every movement she made oozed a dangerous allure, like a venomous viper wrapped in silk.

Behind her, two cloaked, masked men followed, their satisfied grins visible beneath their half-covered faces.

Seeing the scene, No.0 said coldly, "...No.1, this is an important mission. There’s no time to indulge yourself."

No.1 just smiled seductively, and start fixing her disheveled hair. "Oh, please, save me the lecture. We’re just slaves, why do we need to be so dignified about everything? Besides, it’s just dealing with a little princess. Sending both of us is clearly overkill."

Then she silently appeared behind No.10, pressing her ample, soft breasts against him while hugging him from behind and whispering softly in his ear, "Isn’t that right, Little 10?"

No.10 replied awkwardly, "Y-yes."

No.0 remained silent at No.1’s nonchalant attitude, because despite how she looked and acted, she was also in the 9th Realm of Qi Refinement and a master of charm and seduction.

Many people had died under her venomous body, tricked by her poisonous words.

"Master has clearly stated this mission is very important, so you better make sure your indulgence doesn’t cause any problems. Otherwise..."

No.0’s peak 9th Realm Qi Refinement aura burst forth, as if to warn her.

"Cause problems~ ? It should be the opposite. I help you man release those pent-up desires every day, so you should be thanking me instead~ ."

No.1 didn’t seem the least bit afraid as she casually replied, but meanwhile, No.10—trapped between them....sweated profusely, feeling the pressure.

"Hmph..." No.0 didn’t say anything more, as he just wanted to remind her that they were still on a mission.

And regarding her claim of helping the group release their pent-up desires? He didn’t believe any of that nonsense.

Unlike the others, he knew that this vixen women was actually extremely old, and is using a rather demonic technique to absorb yang to nourish her yin, while also absorbing the life force of others to maintain her youthful and seductive form.

For her, this group of men which most is in the 8th Realm of Qi Refinement was like a fine feast.

Of course, some of them didn’t want anything to do with her, like No.0, who had a lot of experience and knew how to restrain his emotions.

But there were others who took the bait and vented their pent-up desires on her.

As Death Soldiers, they constantly lived under pressure, never knowing if they would survive the next day due to the dangers of each mission.

"Little 10~, come to my tent again tonight... we’re planning another free feast of desire..."

No.1 continued whispering sweet words from behind, like trying to tempt a young dog into her lair, while her hand slid down onto No.10’s crotch.

Feeling the tender hand on his thing, No.10 gulped as desire began to rise.

He was among those with a lot of pent-up desire, having nearly died on every mission.

Just yesterday, he had been invited to her "feast," and he had immediately saw the debauched scene.

He had seen this powerful and seductive woman kneeling on all fours, while being used by other men.

No matter how roughly she was treated, she obediently accepted everything, even cooperating by spreading her legs and mouth wide.

Apparently, this happened every night and tonight, it seemed he would experience those twisted desires again.

Unknown to them,

While they were conversing...

...They didn’t notice that a brick was already silently hovering high in the sky above them.