Chapter 178: Cold (2)

Ye Mo, who jump back into the air, finally looked cold and ruthless as if he have decided something.

"It seems I need to capture you and train you properly—"

But before he could finish, his foot slipped, no...it more like he missed his landing spot.

"Eh?" he muttered, dumbfounded.

He glance down and saw... nothing.

It took him a moment to realize that he was jumping off a cliff.

Because of the thick mist had concealed the area around here, he didn’t realized that he have jump back too far.

"Dammit!"

He cursed, also realizing that this cold fairy had been deliberately pushing him toward this direction during their brief clash.

He tried to swing his chain toward a nearby tree, but—

Swing!

Swing!

Crack!

An icy slash of condensed qi shot from the mist, knocking his chain away and freezing it solid.

Ye Mo began to fall.

Time seemed to slow down as he watched a beautiful figure emerge from the mist, stepping forward with deadly calmness.

"You are mine!!" he shouted, preparing to swing his chain again.

But Yue Lan calmly raised her sword, aiming its tip at him.

A swirl of icy qi condensed above her sword, forming a sharp ice lance that shot toward Ye Mo.

Bang!

Spurt!

The lance pierced his forehead, as blood mixing with brain matter spurted outward.

Bang!

Bang!

Two more ice lances struck his arm and leg.

Slowly, Ye Mo body began to freeze and falling into the deep, unknown darkness below.

Even as he fell, his eyes remained locked on Yue Lan, filled with dark possessiveness.

"..."

Soon,

Seeing him finally disappear, Yue Lan stepped forward and looked down into the dark abyss with her cold, aloof gaze.

Wind swept past, her and making her robe flutter like a shadow.

After waiting for a moment to ensure he was truly gone.

She turned her back and walked back into the woods.

From the start of the fight to its finish...

....she had not uttered a single word.

_

_

_

Soon, night quickly arrived as the forest grew dark.

It seemed that this secret realm even had a nighttime.

At Li Feng’s cave, which was still sealed shut by a huge rock, everything remained peaceful, isolated from any passing demonic beasts.

Li Feng had not only closed the entrance but also set up a concealing formation to make sure that whatever he was doing would not be interrupted.

As expected, time passed quietly.

The surrounding area remained still and silent.

Yet behind the huge rock sealing the cave...

The inside was anything but peaceful.

As heat and a heavy, sensual air filled the cramped and dark space.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"Ahh~... Haa~... Hahh~..."

"Haa... haaa..."

A graceful, melodic moan echoed softly through the small, dark cave, intertwining with the rough, uneven breathing of a man.

Li Feng was completely naked, while kneeling on the bed as his waist moved with frantic intensity.

A pair of delicate, pale legs can be seen spreading around his waist, swaying helplessly in the air with each motion from his thrust.

His large hand firmly held the small, soft waist of the young and beautiful woman beneath him.

She was also completely naked, as her flawless white skin and shapely figure fully revealed before his eyes.

From her plump, rounded peach to her slender waist, and up to her full breasts that bounced wildly with each of his movement.

"Ahh~... Haa~... S-Senior~..."

Ye Shuang continued to moan softly, her eyes beneath her loosened hair turning misty as she looked up at the man above her.

Li Feng did not reply.

Instead, he leaned down and captured her lips, pushing his tongue inside as if he was starving.

"...!"

Ye Shuang’s body and mind, already overwhelmed by pleasure, did not resist.

Her eyes grew unfocused as she instinctively responded, accepting his desire.

"Mhmm~... mhmm~..."

Soon, she felt the hand gripping her waist pull away.

In the next moment, his arms wrapped tightly around her small body as his waist movements grew rougher and faster.

She could tell that he was about to release his yang... again.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

Spurt!

"Mhmm~..."

Even as her mouth was being devoured, she could feel the heat flooding into her, filling her inside completely.

"Ugh..."

Li Feng continued kissing her while holding her tightly, letting out a low, almost bestial growl as his hips pressed against her greedily, as if he were determined to empty everything into her.

Ye Shuang couldn’t do anything but softly gasping for breath while her body twitching occasionally while she being filled inside with that huge thing poking at her womb entrance directly.

Her blurry eyes continued to stare at the dark ceiling while she listened to Li Feng’s pleasure-filled groans.

’...Haaa... haaaa... How many times is this?’ her thoughts drifted hazily. She had long since lost track of time, her mind constantly flooded with pleasure ever since she entered this cave.

At first, Li Feng had been relatively gentle.

But after the fifth round, seeing her slowly grow accustomed to it, he became like a beast, truly using her mortal body to extract his chaotic yang energy.

And by the ninth round, she had stopped counting altogether...or perhaps she simply could not.

Her mind was already in complete disarray.

Whenever she showed signs of exhaustion, Li Feng would feed her a flawless-grade recovery pill, then continue using her mortal body without pause.

She felt like a small ship trapped in a violent storm, tossed endlessly upon a raging sea, unable to tell one direction from another.

Just as she finally managed to catch her breath, her body twitched.

....as the hot, filling sensation inside her had stopped.

She had experienced enough to know what that meant...

And just as she expected, Li Feng let out one final sigh of relief before straightening up.

Without even withdrawing his little brother still stuck inside her, he lifted her fleshy thigh and rolled her onto her stomach.

Soon, she was forced to kneel with her body bent forward as her plump white peach rose high, while her beautiful face pressed against the bed.

Soon,

A pair of firm, large palms once again gripped her soft waist possessively.

Then, slowly, she felt the presence inside her begin to stir, and start rocking her body back and forth once more.

Ye Shuang swallowed hard, bracing herself for the mind-numbing pleasure yet again.

Before long, the sound of wet, rhythmic colliding flesh and soft moans continue to echoed within this cramped, dark space, ....continuing on for who knew how long.