Chapter 89: Madam Yan (2)

’So plump and soft... as expected of a married woman.’

Li Feng smiled, feeling the soft sensation in his hand, which seemed different from Fen Ziyan.

Fen Ziyan was like a growing fruit—plump, soft, and full of youthful vitality, while a mature woman like Madam Yan felt like a ripe, soft, plump fruit at its peak.

All of them were are impressive in his opinion, each with their own pro and con.

And as a gentleman experienced in such matters, he would never reject an offer as obvious as this.

Just as he was about to use his other hand to grab her breast after seeing those shapely outlines through her black nightgown, which was drooping in front of him,

"Please enjoy the wine, Young Master,"

Madam Yan gracefully stood up with a smile and went back to her seat.

Li Feng blinked, his hand grabbing empty air.

He chuckled lightly, then immediately downed all the wine in one gulp.

Ting—the sound of the empty cup once again tapping against the table.

Madam Yan noticed this and smiled, moving to pour again but this time, Li Feng didn’t sneak around and he pulled her into his lap.

He had already noticed that Chief Zhou had passed out from the wine, with his head now resting on the table.

"Ah..."

Madam Yan let out a soft gasp, feeling Li Feng’s already-hardened little brother pressing against her plump peach.

With a graceful smile, she turned to look at Li Feng.

"Young Master Li is certainly energetic... but it isn’t really appropriate to pull a married woman into your lap like this."

Li Feng chuckled. "Ah... my apologies, Madam Yan," he said smoothly, bowing slightly. "It seems my... enthusiasm got the better of me. You are quite beautiful that it’s hard to believe someone as stunning as you already has a husband and a son."

Madam Yan laughed softly at his praise, a teasing grin spreading across her face.

"Oh my, thank you for your compliment... but it seems, Young Master Li, that you have other intentions toward me."

She slowly shifted her hips, grinding against the hot, hard thing pressing below against her peach.

Madam Yan couldn’t help but exclaim inwardly at its size.

’...so big.’

Li Feng also grinned and slowly hugged her fleshy, plump waist, while using his other hand to lift her chin.

"...Let’s not beat around the bush, Madam. What do you want?" he said, wanting to make things clear first.

He never forced himself on a woman if she wasn’t willing, and even if she was willing to provide him a free ’meals’, he at least needed to know why.

Madam Yan didn’t mind the rough gesture. Instead of answering his question, she asked, "Young Master Li, what do you think of me? Am I beautiful?"

Hearing her question, Li Feng’s hand that held her chin began tilting her head left and right slowly, as if inspecting a prized object.

"...Madam Yan is indeed beautiful, and she has a nicely curved body too," Li Feng replied after his appraisal, his thumb tracing her plump red lips.

Even though she wasn’t as beautiful as Fen Ziyan or Yue Lan, and not as curvy as Wei Meilin, Li Feng and his little brother found Madam Yan still acceptable as she was only a level or two below them.

He wouldn’t mind having a woman like Madam Yan accompany him on this journey, as long as it didn’t bring any trouble.

Hearing his reply, Madam Yan smiled and shifted her body, lowering herself to kneel under the table.

Li Feng looked down curiously, noticing her head popping out from between his spread legs.

"Then... before I tell you what I want... how about you experience a sample test first?"

Madam Yan said with a seductive smile, and beginning to untie Li Feng’s sash.

Seeing this, Li Feng asked, slightly puzzled, "What about your husband?"

Madam Yan replied casually, "Don’t worry. My husband is actually an extremely weak drinker... That strong wine will knock him out until tomorrow..."

Li Feng couldn’t help but praise inwardly: As expected of Chief Zhou’s wife...she knows everything about him.

"Ah...?" Madam Yan’s composed expression faltered slightly as she noticed the size of his hardened little brother.

This is bigger than my husband... will it even fit? she wondered.

But she resolved herself as she had already come this far.

For the sake of helping her son and achieving her ambition, her eye start to filled with determination as she slowly opened her small mouth.

"Ohh~"

Li Feng closed his eyes after feeling the soft and wet sensation surrounding his little brother.

He didn’t mind Madam Yan’s method, since he wasn’t losing anything and even managed to get a free service.

Madam Yan’s head could be seen bobbing up and down in a sensual rhythm under the table.

Slurp...

Slurp...

Slurp...

"Uhh~"

Li Feng groaned slightly from the sensation below.

’Damn, this woman’s skill is good...as expected of a married woman.’

He felt the suction and the tongue moving in perfect sync, as if its purpose was to draw out every bit of pleasure from his little brother.

Then Li Feng leaned a bit and lowered one of his hands into her revealed cleavage, grabbing a handful of the soft breast that had been teasing him since the beginning of the journey.

Li Feng, finally holding those breasts in his hand, wasn’t shy at all and kneaded them roughly.

Madam Yan only paused briefly before resuming her expert work with her mouth.

Her body, however, began to heat up slightly from the male scent of Li Feng and the way her breast was being roughly grasped and kneaded into different shapes beneath her nightgown.

Soon, Li Feng felt a rising sensation in his waist and closed his eyes as his hand began gripping her soft breast tightly.

Madam Yan’s eyes glinted as she felt the hard length inside her mouth start to throb.

So she increased her speed, her head bobbing up and down even faster.

Glup

Glup

Glup

"Uhh..."

Li Feng let out a small groan before his free hand grabbed her head and pushed it down, guiding her plump lips to the base of his groin as he released his essence deep into her throat.

"Mnmm... mhnn!"

Madam Yan held onto his thigh, struggling to open her mouth wide enough to take all of him.

After a while, Li Feng finally released her head and let out a refreshed sigh as he leaned back, relaxing in his chair.

"Madam Yan sure is skilled... I feel so refreshed now."

Madam Yan slowly leaned her head back as the thick length left her mouth.

"Puhaa..."

She let out a rough breath, saliva drooling out, after finally taking the huge length out of her mouth.

Seeing it still wet, she extended her tongue and began to lick it clean.

Li Feng’s eyes brightened at the sight of this experienced woman who clearly knew how to please a man.

After finishing her cleaning service, Madam Yan glanced up from below with a smile, while some translucent stain can be seen still on her lips.

"So, what do you think about this... sample, Young Master?"

Li Feng smiled and praised, "Of course! Definitely a good quality sample...," He then asked again, not forgetting the original intention of this woman."..Now, tell me your conditions."

Madam Yan licked her lips and fingers, then slid off from under the table and sat on his lap.

With a seductive, calculating smile, she said, "I’m glad to hear you’re satisfied... As for experiencing the rest of me,.... the condition isn’t too much, and I’m sure it’ll be easy for you, Young Master."

Li Feng just smiled and nodded, waiting for her next words.

Seeing his nod, Madam Yan continued, "I just need you, Young Master, to provide some assistance... for my son."

"Your son?" Li Feng tilted his head slightly, curious what she meant by ’assistance.’

Madam Yan wrapped her arm around his neck and said, "My son will be joining the next sect recruitment. If he passes... I want you to be his backer within the sect."

Hearing this, Li Feng finally somewhat understood but frowned as he replied, thinking about her request to support her son.

"That’s quite a lot to ask, Madam. Resources aren’t easy to give or earn, and frankly... you’re not worth that much," he said honestly.

Li Feng wasn’t lacking women, and right now, he was considering her offer simply because he was bored and, of course, also because of her ...high quality sample.

Madam Yan shook her head slightly. "I’m not asking you to be his full support, just a backer... You only need to help him a bit if he gets into trouble."

Li Feng after thinking for a moment, then nodded.

That was something he could accept, though he added, "I can agree to that, but I will only help him only if it’s within my capabilities."

Madam Yan smiled. "That’s fine too."

Then she felt Li Feng’s little brother harden again, and his hand slipped into her nightgown, caressing her soft stomach.

Li Feng grinned lewdly and asked in a low voice, "...but what do I get in return?"

Madam Yan let out a soft breath, feeling his mischievous hand inside her nightgown, and smiled.

"...I will be yours to call whenever you need."

Li Feng smiled in satisfaction at her straight forward words, then stood and scooped her up, heading toward the curtain behind which a bed lay.

...Unnoticed by him, a cunning, calculating glint flashed in the beautiful eyes of the woman in his arms.