Chapter 101: Breakthrough (2)

"...Wait, are you already pregnant?"

Zhu Bai, who heard this, blinked slowly, and maybe because she had been influenced by her mother, she squinted her eyes slightly and said teasingly,

"Maybe....maybe not~What senior going to do if I get pregnant?"

Her tone was playful, but the question struck Li Feng deeper than she knew.

Hearing this, Li Feng also froze for a moment, as he began to think seriously.

To be honest, if he didn’t know, it would be fine to ignore it.

But if he knew there was a woman with his child, he know he couldn’t become entirely emotionless toward the mother and child, even if it was just a deal where both parties benefited from each other.

Li Feng could have an enjoyable mortal indulgence time, while the other side would get a talented child within their family.

"...Just let me know if you encounter any trouble. I’ll do my best to help." So that was the best answer he could think of right now.

Seeing the serious look on Li Feng’s usually casual face, Zhu Bai covered her mouth and laughed softly.

"Hehe, I see senior still cares about me." Then she shook her head, her gaze tender as she looked at him. "And no... I’m not pregnant yet, as I’m still sealing your... seed every day inside my—my..."

Zhu Bai suddenly stammered and lowered her voice, unable to bring herself to say such indecent words.

Meanwhile, seeing the lovely, cute Zhu Bai, Li Feng grinned.

With one hand over her shoulder, he gently grabbed her chin and lifted it up.

"Inside your what...? Speak up~" he continued teasing, and for some reason, seeing that tender look in her eyes and her beautiful, blushing face made Li Feng’s breath grow hotter.

Desire start welled up within him, and his free hand had already begun caressing her small, soft thigh.

Noticing the desire in his eyes and the teasing tone in his voice, Zhu Bai muttered softly,

"...inside my lower body..."

Li Feng then scooped her up and placed her on his lap, inhaling the youthful, springlike fragrance of her hair as he whispered into her ear.

"....Where exactly is that lower body?" With both hands on her fleshy, soft thighs, he slowly began to spread her legs apart.

The graceful young lady image from before suddenly vanished as she was now forced by a man almost twice her size to spread her legs indecently while on his lap.

Zhu Bai’s heart was also beating fast as she felt his hand slowly wandering into her precious area.

Then she suddenly felt a breeze of wind against her wet entrance.

Squelch....

"A-Ah~!"

Zhu Bai’s youthful body twitched slightly as she felt a rough finger slowly invading her lower entrance.

"S-senior..." Yet she didn’t try to push him away, instead keep clutching his arm while her body twitched ever so slightly in his embrace.

Li Feng grinned lewdly, feeling the soft body under his control and the wet, wriggling flesh surrounding his finger as he slowly pushed it deeper and deeper.

After teasing her for a while, he withdrew his hand from between her spread legs and showed his wet finger to the already misty-eyed Zhu Bai

"...Since you’re here, how about I give you a fresh seed?"

Li Feng slowly grind his hardened little brother against the cute woman peach in his embrace.

Zhu Bai could feel the heated, hardened flesh pressing against her from behind then she lowered her head, her eyes turning hazy and her voice barely audible.

"Mm..."

_

_

Seeing the moving, big carriage, the ordinary townfolk who noticed the luxurious vehicle quickly made way, for only the powerful in this city could ride something like it.

They watched with admiration as the carriage passed by, a hint of envy flashing in their eyes toward whoever was riding inside.

After the carriage went past, they soon returned to their own affairs

If only they knew what the owner of the carriage was doing at that very moment, they would have thought very differently.

"Um... senior, is this enough..?" Zhu Bai asked shyly as she currently stood in front of Li Feng with her legs spread slightly, pulling up her lower robe until her small entrance was revealed, which currently dripping wet between her pure white delicate legs after Li Feng’s teasing.

Li Feng, with his legs spread wide while his hard little brother was already out, continued observing with a serious face.

"Good. Turn your back to me and kneel."

Hearing this, Zhu Bai blushed and slowly turned around, then kneeled on the wooden floor while lifting her cute white peach up as if offering it toward Li Feng’s little brother.

Li Feng grinned with desire upon seeing those cute fleshes. Even though they weren’t as voluptuous as the women he had been with, they were still perfect for someone who had just come of age like Zhu Bai.

He leaned down a bit, and his hands unceremoniously went toward those white cheeks, grasping them firmly.

’...So bouncy.I guess both big and small ones have their own appeal,’ Li Feng thought as he stared at the plump peach in his hands, then spread them apart with his thumbs to reveal the small, wet pink entrance.

Zhu Bai, who currently had her head low on the ground, blushed and shivered slightly, feeling her precious area currently spread open like this.

’Ah~ this is so embarrassing, but since I’ve already become senior... mistress, this much is naturally...’ she remembered her mother’s words: if she wanted to, she didn’t need to marry and could focus on serving Li Feng.

To Zhu Bai, this basically meant she would become Li Feng’s mistress, and she knew what a Mistress must do according to her study.

Which is to be helpful toward her husband in the morning, and be extremely obedient in bed at night, she must accept whatever her husband demanded.

’Hehe~....Being pampered and favored by senior every night doesn’t seem so bad,’ her mind and body couldn’t help but anticipate those feral pleasures that Li Feng kept forcing onto her during their first meeting.

Just as she was lost in her own thought,

"H-Haa...!" Zhu Bai let out a gasp, her mouth opening wide as she suddenly felt a thick, hot length slowly invade her entrance.

Feeling it slowly stretching her inside, Zhu Bai’s legs began to tremble, and soon after, it reached her womb.

"Ah~!"

She let out a suffocating moan, truly feeling so full.

Before she could even manage to compose herself, a pair of hands grasped her trembling peach roughly and began to shake it back and forth.

Plap...

Plap...

Plap...

"Haa~... Ahhh~," Zhu Bai kept moaning into the floor, feeling the hot, thick length going in and out from her entrance.

Feeling her body under another man’s control in this vulnerable position, she truly felt like her body had become nothing but some sort of toy, being used to extract a man’s seed.

"Ugh... this view is amazing," Li Feng groaned while keeping his gaze on his big little brother appearing and disappearing into those tight, wet flesh under his control.

’It feels like using a sex toy...’ he couldn’t help but inwardly thought with a lewd grin.

Then Li Feng began to use this obedient little seed extractor to pass the time.

_

_

Some time had passed.

[Ding!]

[Congratulations, Host! For helping Fen Ziyan breakthrough!]

[+300 Favor Points]

"Oh?"

Li Feng, who had just closed his eyes in pleasure, opened them slightly and smiled.

Then he resumed his hand movement, having just finished ejaculating a moment ago and now slowly shaking the cute white peach in his hand back and forth, trying to squeeze all of his little brother’s remaining seed out.

_

_

By the time the carriage returned to the Zhou Estate, the sky was dyed gold by the setting sun.

The streets outside had grown quiet, the crowd thinning as the stalls closed one by one.

After wandering aimlessly for a long while, the carriage finally stopped before the Zhou Estate again.

Li Feng can be seen stepped down first, his expression calm and composed as if nothing indecent had just happened.

From the carriage door, a graceful young lady peeked out shyly, "Senior... please visit us when you have time. Mother also wishes to see you..."

As she spoke, a trace of white liquid spilled from the corner of her lips.

When noticing this, she quickly wiped it away, her cheeks flushing crimson.

Li Feng smiled. "Sure, after I finish my quest, maybe I’ll come and visit you both."

With one last wave of goodbye, he watched the carriage slowly roll away.

His smile gradually faded as he let out a sigh.

To be honest, he wasn’t satisfied at all with that brief indulgence.

He hadn’t even dared to be too rough as he was afraid that he might hurt Zhu Bai’s small and delicate mortal body.

"I guess mortals and cultivators really are different," he murmured, glancing at his own hand, which now brimming with strength.

Right now, he thought, only his senior sister’s powerful body could withstand his roughness... and let him release his desire without holding back too much.

Thinking of going wild again with that voluptuous body tonight, Li Feng grinned and hurried back inside.

After greeting the guards and servants along the way, he finally returned to the guest courtyard that Chief Zhou had arranged for them, where Fen Ziyan currently is staying.

Li Feng smiled in anticipation.

With such a happy occasion, it was only right to celebrate all night... in bed, of course.

Passing by Goldie, he pushed the door open with a grin.

"Senior Sister, congratulations on your breakthrough! Hehe, how about we...?"

He walked in cheerfully, a lewd smile on his face but then paused when he noticed Fen Ziyan sitting on the bed, her expression dark and unreadable.

Instead of seeing the lively, confident and happy Fen Ziyan who have successfully break through, what he saw now was a girl weighed down by doubt.

"Junior Brother... am I truly a waste?" she asked softly, her voice trembling with fear and self-loathing.