Chapter 70: Reunion and Yue Lan change ?

"Senior Sister Yue!"

Li Feng quickened his steps as he saw that familiar senior sister of his.

Yue Lan, who had been waiting outside with an aloof expression and an unapproachable aura, softened her face slightly when she heard Li Feng’s voice.

But then, her eyes widened in surprise after getting a good look at him.

"Junior Brother Li, you seem to have changed a lot..."

Yue Lan muttered as she observed his physique, which now resembled that of the Body Tempering cultivators she had seen from other sects in the past

"Hehe, I actually discovered I have quite a bit of talent in Body Tempering, so I decided to start practicing it."

Li Feng chuckled as he gave his excuse, casually flexing his muscles.

"I see... I’m glad you’ve found your path."

Yue Lan’s face, which was usually cold and distant, start to softened as a faint smile blossomed on her lips, like snow quietly melting under spring sunlight.

Her words carried genuine warmth, as if she was truly happy for him.

The surrounding disciples who had been sneaking glances at Yue Lan couldn’t hide their shock.

"Did... did Senior Sister Yue just smile?"

"Her smile is so beautiful..."

"Forget that! Doesn’t it look like she’s quite close with that guy?"

Li Feng was left a little dazed by her radiant smile.

Something about her felt different now, a softer aura breaking through her usual coldness.

"O-Oh, thank you for your words, Senior Sister."

Li Feng’s heart couldn’t help but skip a beat as Yue Lan felt... different from before.

He thought she had become... a bit more expressive?

Before, when he talked with Senior Sister Yue, it was like dealing with a block of ice.

No matter what he did to her body, she hardly gave any reaction.

At most, her expression would crack during the most intense moments, but it would always return to that same cold, unreadable mask afterward.

Of course, Li Feng didn’t realize that only he could draw out such a side of Yue Lan.

And maybe... even Yue Lan herself didn’t know the answer.

"Hm? What’s wrong? Is there something on my face?" Yue Lan tilted her head slightly, noticing Li Feng staring at her.

Li Feng quickly shook his head, snapping out of his daze.

"Ah, n-no, it’s nothing. It’s just... senior sister seems even more beautiful today," he said with a sheepish laugh, trying to cover his earlier embarrassment.

Hearing his words, Yue Lan couldn’t help but smile again.

Even though she had heard many praises from others, yet hearing it from Li Feng seemed... different.

But for Li Feng, he suddenly felt strange and couldn’t meet her pure golden eyes directly.

’Why am I suddenly like this...? I’ve done pretty much everything with her...’

He couldn’t help but feel like he was back on Earth, nervously talking in front of his crush.

"Anyway! What are you doing here?" Li Feng tried to change the topic.

Yue Lan didn’t seem to notice Li Feng’s nervousness and replied with a soft smile.

"Mmm, I heard you were coming here, so I’ve been waiting outside for you."

"For me?" Li Feng pointed at himself, wondering why she wanted to meet him.

"Yes... it’s about some matters, but let’s talk somewhere else."

Yue Lan turned her head, noticing the surrounding crowd.

Li Feng also understood her intention to move somewhere quieter.

"Okay, let’s go to my—"

Li Feng suddenly remembered Fen Ziyan was still resting inside.

"Junior brother?" Yue Lan asked, noticing his sudden pause.

"...let’s go to your place, Senior Sister."

Li Feng felt it wouldn’t be appropriate to talk with Yue Lan while another naked woman was on his bed.

He had planned to introduce the two to each other in the future, but now didn’t seem like the right time, especially after noticing the serious tone in Yue Lan’s voice regarding the matter she wanted to discuss.

’Ahem, it’s definitely not because I want to try a... threesome...’, His heart skipped a beat again just from imagining it, and now that his nervousness had eased a bit, desire began to stir.

"Sure?" Yue Lan didn’t really care whether it was his place or hers as she just wanted to talk with him.

Then they left the area together, leaving the crowd of disciples murmuring and gossiping behind.

Along the way, Li Feng excitedly recounted his experiences during their short separation—his trip to Cloudveil City, the Alchemist Guild, and how utterly amazed he had been by Yue Lan’s performance in the tournament.

Yue Lan walked beside him, listening quietly, a small smile playing on her lips. She would occasionally nod or offer a short reply, but said little.

Yet the atmosphere between them was far from stiff or awkward. Instead, it felt almost serene, perfectly in harmony, as if they were Dao partners who truly understood each other.

Soon, they arrived at Yue Lan’s residence.

Once inside, Yue Lan was about to bring up the matter of the Secret Realm, but Li Feng suddenly wrapped his arms around her from behind, holding her gently.

Yue Lan’s body stiffened for a moment but quickly relaxed.

’Seems like Junior Brother still enjoys mortal indulgences...’

She closed her eyes, leaning into him, allowing him to enjoy the warmth and softness of her body.

Li Feng, holding her tightly from behind, felt the softness of her body that he had missed so much.

"I missed you, Senior Sister..." he murmured, his tone laced with desire and possessiveness as he inhaled her spring-like fragrance.

He then kisses gently along her delicate, white neck.

"Mnm..." Yue Lan gave a soft reply, not resisting his touch.

Slowly, his hands began to wander over her body.

From her seemingly small waist to her plump, soft peach.

Li Feng slowly savored every inch, as if trying to memorize it after so long.

Yue Lan relaxed her body, pressing herself back into Li Feng’s chest.

Then, she felt a familiar hot, hard sensation pressing against her backside.

A flicker of hesitation flashed in her eyes.

Soon, she also felt a rough hand cupping her breast through the robe, kneading and molding it with longing.

’Ah... how I’ve missed this soft, and cold breast~.’

Li Feng smiled lewdly, feeling more excited than usual for some reason.

Just as he was about to pull down her upper robe to touch her bare breast, Yue Lan’s delicate hand gently stopped his hand.

"Junior Brother Li... maybe another time..." she whispered.

Li Feng suddenly paused his hand, his face starting to frown, thinking she was rejecting him.

Noticing this, Yue Lan hurriedly added, "I’m not rejecting you, Junior Brother. It’s just... I have to leave soon."

"Leave?" Li Feng asked, confused.

"It’s actually related to the matter I wanted to discuss with you," Yue Lan replied gently, her voice soft as she caressed his rough hand, as if soothing a child who didn’t get what he wanted.

Hearing this, Li Feng’s expression softened, and returning back to normal.

With a swift motion, he moved toward her bed and gently pulled Yue Lan into his lap.

"Senior Sister, please tell me," he said, one hand continuing to caress her body while the other slipped into her cleavage, fondling her bare soft breast directly without pulling her robe down.

Seeing his expression calm again, Yue Lan let out a soft sigh and simply allowed Li Feng to continue playing with her body.

"Actually..."

Yue Lan began explaining the Hidden Phoenix Realm, how the sect allows the top ten disciples to each select a helper, and how an Immortal Cave is opened for them to cultivate during this month before it open.

She had to return soon, as an elder was waiting for her, that was why she couldn’t... do anything with Li Feng at the moment as she knows Li Feng won’t be finish in a short while after he start.

Li Feng listened, finally understanding the situation, and smiled.

’I guess Senior Sister Yue still has me in her mind.’

After finishing her explanation, Yue Lan, with a faint blush on her cheeks from Li Feng’s hand that currently playing with her sensitive pink bead inside her robe, softly asked,

"...I plan to choose you to come with me... Do you want to go? It’s a huge opportunity, one that’s hard to miss."

Li Feng continued to play with her bare breasts, while deep in thought.

’Is this related to her destiny quest?’

He could sense faintly that this trip to the Hidden Phoenix Realm was extremely important to her, for reasons he couldn’t fully grasp.

It felt like a sixth sense, an instinct arising from his powerful body.

Li Feng didn’t really want to go to this kind of a secret realm.

Even though it might be filled with countless opportunities, there were also unknown dangers, whether from the realm itself or.... from the other cultivators.

But he also doesn’t want to ignore this and regret it later, as he had truly grown fond of this cold yet soft senior sister of his—especially after seeing her change today.

"Yes, I will go with you, Senior Sister!" Li Feng said, eyes determined, though his hands remained mischievous.

Yue Lan smiled at his words, then felt his warm hand slowly withdraw from inside her robe.

"Senior Sister, this trip could be quite dangerous, so please accept this small gift from your junior. I hope it can help you improve, even just a little."

Li Feng then took out a pile of spirit stones.

It is the share he had received after the auction where Wei Meilin sold all of his pills.

Clank

Clank

Yue Lan’s eyes widened as she saw the huge pile of spirit stones on the table, some even spilling onto the floor.

But she was not a greedy or ungrateful woman who would take advantage of others, especially toward Li Feng who she felt very indepth to.

"I..." Yue Lan was about to reject it.

Li Feng shushed her.

"Senior Sister, please don’t reject my gift. Don’t you remember my dream...?"

Li Feng pretended to be melancholy and continued,

"I want to see you rise... and help you go further on the path to seek the Dao..."

Hearing the sincerity in Li Feng’s tone, Yue Lan’s heart began to soften even more.

’...Even though he seems a bit perverted... Junior Brother Li is still caring and self-sacrificing as always...’

She didn’t know that Li Feng was actually just planning to get double the reward back with this.

Yue Lan then suddenly felt the hand that had been hugging her possessively start to release her.

"Then, Senior Sister Yue, I won’t take up any more of your time. You can’t keep the elder waiting, right?"

Li Feng said jokingly, yet he pretend to put on a sad and reluctant expression.

Seeing his face, Yue Lan couldn’t help but feel a little guilty.

’Junior Brother Li truly cares so much for me... at least I must do something for him...’

Then she looked at his face again and said softly,

"Junior Brother... I still have some time, so..."

Yue Lan’s words lingered as she slowly knelt in front of Li Feng, who was sitting on the bed.

Her hand slowly moved toward his tent and began to untie the sash.

Li Feng’s heart started beating faster, and he couldn’t hide his grin, understanding Yue Lan’s intentions for a "quickie" using her mouth.

’Tch tch, this old trick works like a charm,’ he thought inwardly as he spread his legs wider.

Soon, he felt a cool breeze against his already hardened little brother.

Yue Lan’s eyes widened in surprise as she noticed his little brother seemed to have grown bigger too, not just his physique.

’Will this even fit in my mouth...?’ she wondered, but she couldn’t back off now.

She wanted to at least help Li Feng enjoy what he like a little after all he had done for her.

Slowly, she tucked her hair behind her ear, opened her delicate small mouth, and lowered her head.

"Ohh~"