Chapter 193: Camp (6)

Old Han, who had been hiding in the distance, finally poked his head out again.

And the moment he saw that terrifying senior brother of the demonic cultivators, his face went pale.

Now that the monsters from both the righteous sect and the demonic sect had crossed paths, Old Han couldn’t help but gulp nervously.

"So this is... the strength of those powerful sects," he muttered under his breath.

He let out a long sigh, overwhelmed by the sheer disparity between him and the sect disciple.

There was no way....absolutely no way—those two were still within the Qi Refinement realm.

As much as trepidation crept up his spine, something else stirred in him as well.

....A dangerous thrill.

Somewhere deep inside, he couldn’t help but feel a spark of excitement... almost eager to see these two monsters tear each other apart.

_

_

_

Ye Mo right now was genuinely surprised after he saw all of his fellow disciples dead, lying everywhere on the ground.

He had just come back from searching for that beautiful cold fairy, and what greeted him were his men dead while the food escaped.

He didn’t really care, but those disciples weren’t just some random disciples—they were elite outer sect disciples he personally gathered, so he knew their strength clearly.

And judging by the weak aura from those female disciples...

’It’s impossible for them... so the only possibility is that man.’

Ye Mo gave a curious look as he stared at the muscular man with his bare chest out, sitting there calmly on the chair.

"...Did you do all of this?" he asked the man with a bright smile.

He ignored the death glare from those female disciples, especially the one who was naked and still staring at him with intense killing intent.

Seeing Ye Mo ignore her, Ning Jianli’s face turned fierce as if she was about to take her sword and slash at him.

"You bastard!"

But before she could act, a palm held her shoulder.

"Calm down, junior sister."

Li Feng’s calm voice echoed from behind her.

Ning Jianli stiffened at Li Feng’s touch, her rage pausing for a brief heartbeat.

"This guy must be the one, right? Since I already agreed to help you... let me handle it."

Li Feng gently pulled the naked Ning Jianli back.

Ning Jianli gritted her teeth, but she looked down and took a step back.

Li Feng smiled, seeing she was able to control her anger and hatred.

’It seems not only are these fairies fierce, their minds are strong too.’

Then he slowly stepped forward and looked at the handsome demonic disciple.

"Yes, I found out there were some trash, so I just couldn’t help but clean them up."

Ye Mo, who heard this, didn’t seem mad as his bright smile deepened.

"So you’re the one," Ye Mo said, eyes gleaming with amusement rather than anger.

"Interesting. Very interesting."

Then he clasped his hands and bowed.

"My name is Ye Mo and..." he smiled and looked up, "...a rather special disciple from the Fire Yang Sect."

Li Feng, who heard this, didn’t reply as he calmly looked at Ye Mo.

Ye Mo blinked. "Eh? Brother, you’re not going to introduce yourself?"

Then he shook his head in disappointment, one hand on his forehead as he look up.

"Alas, it seems I learned this etiquette stuff for nothing since no one from the righteous side has replied back so fa—"

Suddenly Li Feng arrived in front of Ye Mo, fist raised.

"That’s because there’s no need for a dead man to know."

Li Feng spoke calmly as he smashed his fist into that handsome face.

BAAM!

A violent gust exploded outward as Li Feng’s fist connected squarely with Ye Mo’s face.

Dust shot up, leaves tore from branches, and the ground cracked beneath their feet.

The female disciples flinched, some crying out, their hair whipping in the sudden shockwave.

Ning Jianli also took a few steps back from the shockwave, shielding her face with her hand—yet her eyes kept staring straight at the scene intensely, intending not to miss anything.

But Li Feng’s eyes narrowed slightly.

’Hmm...?’

It wasn’t that the impact of his fist felt off—

It was the fact that Ye Mo didn’t fly away.

Once the dust cleared, Ye Mo’s head was turned to the side from the force, but his feet remained firmly planted on the ground.

Slowly... deliberately... Ye Mo turned his face back toward Li Feng.

One of his cheeks was now dented in, blood slowly dripping from his nose and mouth.

Then Ye Mo raised a hand and rubbed the spot where Li Feng punched him, almost savoring the pain.

"That hurt quite a bit," he said with a bright smile. "How refreshing."

’So he can tank that?’

Just now, Li Feng hadn’t completely used all of his strength....he only wanted to incapacitate this guy to earn a few more favors from those heroic fairies.

But seeing this guy seemed fine, Li Feng thought for a moment and was about to increase his strength as he raised his fist again.

This time, he plan to exerted enough strength to blow his jaw off.

But to his surprise, Ye Mo raised both of his arms and waved frantically.

"Wait, wait! Brother, I have a proposition!"

Li Feng’s fist stopped mid-air, wondering what this guy was up to.

Ye Mo, seeing this, grinned ear to ear, pupils dilated with exhilaration.

"I like you, Brother," he said cheerfully.

Then he looked Li Feng straight in the eyes.

"I can feel it, we’re the same. I can see that... same hunger in your eyes."

Li Feng, who heard this, looked at Ye Mo, wondering what bullshit he was talking about.

Then Ye Mo looked at the beautiful righteous disciples behind Li Feng and grinned knowingly.

"...I can tell you want to eat those fairies up too, right?"

At his words, Li Feng froze slightly.

Seeing that reaction, Ye Mo’s smile widened, as if he had uncovered something fascinating.

Then he whispered:

"How about this? Let’s cooperate and capture all the fairies in this realm... and once we’re out, let’s have even more cooperation, shall we?"