Chapter 116: Farewell...

"Ruler of the Stars...?"

Mo Shuyan , who heard this paused for a moment and then sneered.

His face turn cold.

"Hmph, such an arrogant title. In the end, you’re nothing but a Qi Refinement cultivator..."

Usually when someone is confronted with something inexplicable and too absurd, the first instinct is often to denial it ... just like Mo Shuyan right now.

Which is why Mo Shuyan refused to believe that a Qi Refinement cultivator could suddenly become so powerful like this.

’...This guy is bluffing... it must be fake. This must be some sort of illusion.’

He waved his hand and shouted an order to Bai Qianlong , his expression grim.

"Kill that guy !"

Like an obedient machine , Bai Qianlong crimson aura flared against the incoming pressure as he prepared to unleash a powerful attack.

But Li Feng didn’t seem to pay attention to the commotion in front of him.

He closed his eyes and extended his enhanced divine sense to the surrounding area , even penetrating into the huge tree nearby.

’...I can’t find Senior Sister’s body.’

The result made him frown slightly.

Li Feng had planned to use the Peak-Rank 4 Phoenix Resurrection Pill that he had obtained from the system gacha that he obtained with his first free ten draws.

But now without the body , there was no way he could resurrect her.

Then he opened his eyes and looked toward the grim, manic face of Mo Shuyan.

’Hmm... it seems I need to keep this guy alive a bit longer —’

BOOM!!

Suddenly,

Dark flames erupted, surrounding Bai Qianlong’s body and swirling into a colossal black dragon shape.

ROARR!!!

Its imposing and burning body lunged toward Li Feng with an ear‑splitting roar with its form stretching like blades of night.

The earth melted and exploded along its path.

Seeing the incoming huge black flame dragon,

Li Feng didn’t even seem fazed by it , nor did he move.

He just calmly raised one of his hands.

No gesture, No technique... only will.

"Fall."

With that single word—

CRACK!

BOOM!

A vast shockwave rippled outward , flattening the surrounding forest as the air collapsed and a powerful gravity descended onto the area in front of Li Feng.

The dragon’s blazing body froze mid‑flight , then shattered into countless motes of black ash.

Bai Qianlong’s body was revealed and immediately smashed down against the earth as if he were being crushed under something heavy.

BOOM!

CRACK!

CRACK!

Bai Qianlong’s massive frame lay crushed into the dirt , armor cracking under the invisible pressure , his body pinned as though an unseen mountain rested upon him.

"W‑What ?"

Mo Shuyan, who saw the inexplicable scene of Bai Qianlong powerful attack suddenly disappearing as he lay flat on the dirt, widened his eyes.

"What are you doing, Bai Qianlong !? Get up!"

And yet despite his shouts and orders , Bai Qianlong’s massive body remained still.

He couldn’t even move a finger.

Instead , it looked like his body was slowly sinking deeper into the hard earth.

Just as Mo Shuyan was about to bark another order —

"Save your breath... it’s your turn soon."

Mo Shuyan heard a calm , resonant voice beside him.

It sounded oddly divine , like multiple people speaking at the same time.

Then he felt a palm the size of his head pat his shoulder lightly.

" What— "

SPURT!

Blood sprayed into the air as Mo Shuyan body suddenly got pierced by silvery light in many places.

" Ahh!! "

He let out a painful scream as his body was immediately immobilized.

Despite the gruesome sight,

The light didn’t pierce any vital spots as each strike was extremely precise , just enough to stop Mo Shuyan from moving.

Li Feng knew that as a cultivator in the 9th realm of Qi Refinement , this much wouldn’t kill Mo Shuyan.

And he didn’t plan to let this bastard die easily just yet.

He then ignored the screaming Mo Shuyan and began walking toward the colossal tree,

His expression calm.

His steps slow with faint silver glow still tracing his divine form.

Soon he arrived and looked at the dark crimson tree towering before him.

Just as Li Feng was about to strike it down , he heard a faint , almost human whisper slip through the rustling leaves via his divine sense.

’...It hurts... it hurts...’

That voice... was faint, fragile — like a young child weeping from deep within the huge tree in front of him.

If it weren’t for his enhanced divine sense, he probably wouldn’t have heard it.

Li Feng’s rising fist halted as he tried to trace where the voice came from.

Then he found it, and blinked in surprise.

"That voice... it belongs to the tree?"

As if noticing Li Feng’s intention , the soft and agonized childlike voice echoed again in his mind.

’Kill me... please... it hurts...’

Hearing the pitiful plea.

Li Feng realize that there was definitely some history he didn’t know, but something with the ability to control a soul like this tree was anything but simple.

It must have been a rare heaven‑and‑earth treasure , so Li Feng wouldn’t even be surprised if it had its own soul and personality.

He could already guess somewhat that Mo Shuyan and his master probably had done something to this treasure tree. Otherwise , it wouldn’t be letting out such an agonizing voice.

Li Feng closed his eyes and sighed.

Lamenting how cruel this world is that they wouldn’t spare even a tree.

For a breath , silence returned.

Then—

He raised his hand , silver light coalescing around his fist.

The world dimmed as bright silver radiance spread as he murmured,

"...Be freed."

BOOOOM!

With that,

The entire world seemed to turn white.

_

_

_

_

_

_

"Hmm? Where am I?"

Li Feng look around and blinked in confusion, looking dumbfounded at the surrounding wasteland, barren and lifeless.

It was so desolate that he couldn’t help but feel as if he were the last living thing this place had.

"Is this a pocket space? How did I even get here..." he murmured as he start to walk aimlessly across the cracked ground while surveying the area.

As he looked around , he couldn’t help but notice that this place bore a striking resemblance to his Divine Brick pocket space when he first obtained it.

Crack!

Li Feng heard a sound above and he glanced up to find a small crack in the gray sky.

Soon, something small fell from that crack as it gently descending to the earth below.

"..A seed?" he murmured after noticing the tiny object appearance.

Just as he stepped forward to get a closer look, the scene suddenly shifted as if it had been switched.

"What...?"

Li Feng turned to look around at the new surrounding.

The desolate wasteland had vanished.

Instead of the desolate land from before, now there was a paradise of nature everywhere in his sight.

Endless green stretched before him , with trees and vegetation as far as the eye could see, and a clear blue sky overhead.

Birds chirped can be heard, and small animals can be seen moving in the distance.

In the middle of this vast green land, he saw a single small tree stood out with a serene, peaceful presence.

It was barely taller than him, its bark white and smooth, its golden leaves glowing faintly like crystals.

Around it , countless larger trees give it space and seemed to bow slightly, as though in reverence.

For some reason , Li Feng instinctively knew that this was the Divine Soul Tree.

Unlike its menacing appearance in the present , this one seemed... divine, just as its name.

And he also began to understand what is currently happening.

"Is this... the tree memories ?"

Before he could speak further , the scenery around him distorted.

Once again, he found himself in the same forest.....but everything had changed.

The clear blue sky had turned a dark, blood-red, and the paradise around him had twisted into hell.

Towering trees can be seen withered and burned.

Li Feng frowned as the scent of decay lingered in the air.

Even the land itself had turned gray as if it been drained of vitality.

The small, pure Divine Soul Tree still stood there ... but now it currently trembled under black chains hanging from the dark red sky like serpents.

Runes of blood on that black chain coiled around its trunk and continue carving deep into the bark.

For some reason, Li Feng could sense that the pure Divine Soul Tree continued to emit a silent , agonizing scream.

From the far edge of the burning forest , a figure in black robes slowly approached.

Li Feng could also sense that it was a woman.

Each of her steps left trails of blood across the withered grass.

Her face was partially hidden beneath a veil.

But even through that thin veil, Li Feng could feel the ancient, poisonous coldness in her aura which seem to filled with endless greed.

The sinister figure then slowly raised a hand that look old , wrinkled like an ancient tree and pointing toward the Divine Soul Tree.

" ...How fortunate. I never thought such a treasure would be hidden here. Come, let’s find you a new home..."

With that emotionless and sinister voice, the chains from above ruthlessly pulled the pure tree from its roots.

RIP!

RIP!

RIP!

Li Feng’s eyes widened as he saw the divine tree hanging in the air under the dark red sky, as it slowly being lifted by the black chains toward the darkness.

The silent painful scream filled the air and for some reason, anger began to surged through him.

"Bastard—"

Before he could finish cursing, the scene shifted again.

This time, there was nothing but an endless expanse of whiteness.

Li Feng just let out a light sigh at this and then he continued scanning the empty surroundings, wondering what memory he would see now.

But then—he heard a voice behind him.

"Ah, Junior Brother Li... I didn’t expect to meet you like this...this is a bit awkward."

Li Feng slowly turned around, and his eyes widened.

"You..."