Chapter 185: Tragic (4)

Li Feng looked at her for a long moment, his eyes tracing over her weak, shaking body.

With his Rank 2 alchemist skill, he quickly understood the problem that her body had been affected by Bone-Numbing Powder

.....But at the same time.

He let out a quiet nod, unable to stop himself from admiring the young women in front of him.

Her blue eyes, which were probably always used to be sharp and proud before, were now soft and watery.

Her young face was flushed, and her flawless pale skin, revealed before him, looked soft and smooth like jade.

Slowly,...

His gaze lowered.

And saw her large, bare breasts that rose and fell slightly as she breathed

They hung softly, almost like heavy yet perfect and shapely droplet of water.

For someone with such a small figure, they were unbelievably big.

Under his gaze,

Ling Lin’s cheeks turned bright red.

She kept turning her face away, too shy to meet his eyes.

But Li Feng’s eyes brightened a little.

’...Hmm. I might have to bring this one with me.’

Just imagining having two trained female disciples to enjoy in his cave every night made Li Feng feel like his future nights inside the secret realm were already secured...and very enjoyable.

A faint desire slowly stirred in him, but he was a patient man, so he kept a calm smile on his face outwardly.

Seeing that both she and he were a bit dirty from the blood and dirt, he raised his hand and cast a cleansing spell on them, instantly washing away the grime.

"Junior sister, you’ve been affected by Bone-Numbing Powder," he said gently. "It isn’t fatal. The effect should wear off in less than half an hour."

Ling Lin, who was bathing in the cleansing light, heard this and nodded weakly.

She glanced up at Li Feng with shy, trembling eyes.

"I see... Thank you, um... senior brother..."

Seeing her hesitation, Li Feng lightly smacked his forehead.

"Oh, right. I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Li Feng, from the Azure Moon Sect. What about you?"

Ling Lin blinked, remembering his name deeply, then murmured softly,

"...My name is Ling Lin... from the Waterflow Sect."

When Li Feng heard her introduction, he gave a strange look and smiled to himself.

Waterflow Sect again?

Why did he always run into girls from that sect?

.... Not that he was complaining.

For some reason, the female disciples of the Waterflow Sect all had these soft and smooth bodies as if their flesh was made of water itself.

How did he know?

Well, he had one at his beck and call, and he had been enjoying that softness every single day.

And the weak woman in his hand right now had that same tender, delicate skin.

His fingers currently caressed her shoulder lightly, and he could feel that familiar soft sinking texture.

Maybe it was related to their cultivation technique or something.

....But whatever the reason, Li Feng found it...very pleasant to touch and enjoy.

"Ling Lin? That’s a nice name," Li Feng praised with a warm smile.

Hearing this, Ling Lin also smiled and shyly covered part of her face with her hand.

Right now, she had completely forgotten that her chest was still bare as she was too focused on Li Feng.

When she finally calmed down little bit, her eyes dropped and she noticed her exposed pale skin and the small pink buds on her breasts.

"A-Ah...!"

She tried to cover herself, but her weakened body lost balance, and she stumbled forward, about to fall to the ground.

Li Feng’s eyes flashed as he reached out and held her... but his hand, aiming for her shoulder, accidentally missed its target and instead landed on a massive, soft and warm flesh.

Squeeze.

Li Feng paused and nodded calmly like an expert.

He could tell that this was another high-quality pair of breasts.

Then he waited, half expecting a slap or at least a panicked shout.

....Instead, Ling Lin just stared at him with a shy, flustered expression as her cheeks turn red.

"...Mhmm."

Her lips pressed together, not saying a single word as his hand continued to sink into her overwhelming soft flesh.

Seeing that she just blushed, staying silent and letting him grope her.

Li Feng blinked in confusion.

Then, as if he had thought of something, he looked at the woman strangely.

’...Hmm? No way, right...?’

Decided to test it, he gently pinched her cute little pink bud.

"Mhmm..."

Ling Lin let out a small moan, still saying nothing.

Then she looked at him a bit dazed, her watery eyes reflecting a mind swirling with confusion and emotion.

Li Feng immediately noticed something was off.

’Could it really be one of those cliches, where the woman falls head over heels for the guy who saved her...?’

He couldn’t help but think so.

Otherwise, it was strange for this stranger to be so obedient.

And after seeing her shy, slightly confused expression on that beautiful face, Li Feng realized she probably was still not somewhat right in the head yet from the dire situation she’d escaped.

Right now... her heart was probably completely vulnerable, restless, and overwhelmed.

He wasn’t sure, but the signs were there.

Her shy, lost expression.

Her soft breathing.

And the way she didn’t pull away.

If it were like in the story,

Usually at this time, the hero would kindly help her cover up and say something nice along the line while maintaining the respectable distance like a gentleman.

But who was Li Feng..?

Right now, she was like an easy meal laid out in front of him.

And not taking a bite would almost be rude.

Li Feng’s eyes gleamed.

Without pretending any longer, Li Feng leaned in and went for her lips.

"Mhmm—!"

Ling Lin’s eyes widened as her first kiss was stolen suddenly.

Slurp...

She was unsure what to do as a tongue slowly pried at her lips, as if it wanted to go inside.

Unconsciously, she tried to resist, but it was pitiful, lacking any strength.

Li Feng, who have seeing through her, grinned like a opportunist.

He unceremoniously began kneading her large, soft breasts with one hand, while the other held her head in place as he kissed her greedily.

Slurp...

Slurp...

Slurp...

Soon, Ling Lin fell back as Li Feng straddled her, her legs spreading between his waist.

But this time, instead of disgust or fear,

Ling Lin felt something else...

"Puhaaa..."

Li Feng finally pulled back from the kiss, looking down at his easy prize as her eyes turn misty as she lay there.

His hand, which been kneading her breasts, began to move even rougher until red marks appear on her pale skin.

While his other hand slowly lowered, tracing her perfect abdomen... until it reached her damp, sensitive place.

Ling Lin’s body suddenly froze as she felt a finger pressing against her most precious spot entrance which have become slightly wet.

"W-Wait..."

But before she could say anything further, a single hard, thick finger went inside.

Squelch...

"Ahh~!"