Chapter 213: Faithful Duty (2)

"And the thing I want to find is... a flower."

Jing Lu tilted her head slightly.

"A flower? What kind of flower?"

There were so many kinds of flowers in this secret realm....both ordinary and spiritual so unless it had some special trait, it would be hard to find.

Li Feng smiled, remembering that he had asked the same question when Lan Suyao told him what she wanted.

And then he repeated exactly what Lan Suyao had said:

"A flower that remains forever frozen."

At his words, Jing Lu looked even more confused.

Even Ning Jianli, who had been listening quietly by his side, seemed to fall into thought, trying to remember if she knew of such a flower.

But no matter how much she thought, nothing came to mind.

Jing Lu eventually gave up and scratched her head.

"Senior brother, that’s still a bit vague. Are you saying any flower that’s frozen is fine, or do you mean one that’s exactly like an eternally frozen flower?"

Li Feng laughed and said,

"It should be the latter."

He himself wasn’t even sure what that flower looked like, and even with his Rank 2 alchemy mastery, he couldn’t find any information about it.

This meant it was likely a treasure of Rank 3 or higher.

Hearing his words, Jing Lu gave him a weird look, sensing even he wasn’t entirely sure about the details.

"Why do you also sound unsure, senior brother Li?" she asked.

Li Feng leaned back, and almost immediately, he felt a familiar softness against the back of his head.

Looking up, he saw Ning Jianli’s serious face as she moved behind him, letting his head rest against her ample chest.

Li Feng smiled at his considerate sword maid, leaned back comfortably, and continued.

"That’s because I’m not the one who needs it, it was entrusted to me by someone else."

His mind couldn’t help but wander to Lan Suyao, who had one of the best bodies he had ever experienced, even though at that time he could only use her mouth.

Not only was it because her perfect body that had been refined by her Foundation Establishment realm, but also her arrogant and aloof temperament, which seemed to dare him to ruin her on the bed.

And he planned to do just that, after he found that flower and after the secret realm had ended.

Now that he had the Sovereign Harmonious Guiding Art, he was quite confident he could make that cold, high, and mighty face twist in ecstasy, lost entirely in pleasure.

Meanwhile,

Hearing his answer, Jing Lu looked a bit awkward and troubled.

"I see... but with only that information, it would be hard to find it."

It wasn’t that she was trying to evade the task as she genuinely didn’t have confidence in finding a flower from just a metaphor.

And she and all the other disciples don’t want to disappoint Li Feng, who was their benefactor on his first request for them to help him.

Seeing her troubled expression, Li Feng laughed softly as he inhaled Ning Jianli’s fragrance and nuzzled his head comfortably.

"Don’t worry. Actually, that person told me another way of finding it, so I’m sure you’d recognize it immediately if you saw it."

"Oh? What is that?"

Li Feng looked at Jing Lu directly and said,

"It’s simple, just let me know if you see a... frozen lake."

At his words, Jing Lu understood.

"Are you saying that flower is in there?"

Li Feng nodded.

"It should be."

Then he added a warning:

"And don’t try to enter it. Just let me know once you find it."

Seeing Jing Lu frown, he quickly clarified,

"Don’t misunderstand. It’s not that I don’t trust you, but the person who needs it told me it’s extremely dangerous, so I don’t want you to get hurt."

Jing Lu felt a bit ashamed. Li Feng was just caring about them, and she had almost thought he doubted them.

And Li Feng, whose desire had been stirred once again by the thought of Lan Suyao, silently looked at Jing Lu.

Looking at this young woman with her rather voluptuous body, his eyes lingered on her especially large breasts, which seemed on the verge of spilling from her robe.

Then with a grinned, he patted the empty space next to him.

"Come sit here, Junior sister Jing."

Jing Lu looked up, tilting her head in curiosity, wondering why Li Feng had called her to sit there, but she stood and walked over to him.

The moment she sat down, Li Feng casually draped his large arm over her shoulders and, without hesitation, slipped his hand into her cleavage.

Jing Lu was a bit surprised, feeling her breasts being kneaded by a large rough palm inside her robe, but she simply smiled at him.

"Ah, it seems you really like this pair of flesh, senior brother," she said.

Li Feng smiled in return, enjoying the feel of her firm yet incredibly soft flesh rolling in his palm.

"Well, it’s really soothing, and it helps me relax when I touch it so I hope you don’t mind."

Jing Lu shook her head and even leaned closer.

"This is nothing, senior. Since we already agreed to lend you our mortal bodies, you can use them as you wish. I’m happy these ... flesh can make you feel better."

She leaned even closer, making it easier for Li Feng to indulge.

At her words, Li Feng grinned.

With his other free hand, he moved forward and pulled down her upper robe, causing her large, white breasts to spill into view.

Yet Jing Lu didn’t seem to mind at all as she simply smiled.

The other disciples nearby, who had been listening quietly, also noticed this, but they simply watched with curious eyes, wondering if Li Feng really liked those... particular flesh that much.

Under the gaze of many curious fairies, Li Feng smiled in satisfaction.

Then he began to play with Jing Lu’s breasts, molding them so that her pale skin flowed over his fingers before springing back into shape the moment he released.

Li Feng grinned, feeling the softness and suppleness rolling in his palm.

According to his expertise with breasts, he immediately judged this pair to be of high quality ....and definitely one with a promising future.