Chapter 137: Star Apostle "Performance" (2)

After a while—

Slurp!

Slurp!

Slurp!

"Ah..."

Li Feng, who was relaxing in his chair, groan slightly as his fingers gripped the armrest and his toes curled slightly from the wet sucking sensation wrapped around his little brother.

’Damn, it feels good... and different...O-Oh~’

The frantic sucking from the bobbing head in his groin made his breath hitch.

With a relaxed sigh, he glanced down.

And saw was a veil of silky, smooth black hair spilling over his thighs, completely hiding his view of what was happening at his groin.

All he could feel was his little brother being "devoured" over and over again.

The pleasure was so strong it felt as if his life was being sucked out of him.

’Ugh... is it because she’s gotten stronger ?’

Li Feng wondered as he felt his little brother sliding casually in and out of that tight, wet throat.

Then he just grinned lewdly,

’Hehe... well, I’m not complaining.’

As the more capable this woman become, the more enjoyable his nightly activities grew.

Soon, feeling the rising sensation coil in his waist, Li Feng grabbed the head below with both hands and lifted his waist, thrusting deep.

Spurt!

"Ohh~"

He grinned lewdly, a bit of drool leaking from the corner of his lips as he enjoyed the ejaculate sensation inside this refined mature fairy mouth.

Meanwhile, Madam Yan didn’t even blink.

Her red lips had already reached the base of his groin, and she even smiled, clearly happy that Li Feng seemed to enjoy her mouth service.

Glup...

Glup...

Her throat began to worked, and swallowing everything.

Only after a few minutes passed did she feel the hands locking her head finally loosen.

She also slowly leaned back and slid the long, hard, wet length out of her throat.

Plop...

"Puhaa... hehe, I hope you enjoyed that, Master~"

Madam Yan smiled seductively with saliva sticking to her lips.

Then, without bothering to wipe her mouth, she began licking away the stains along the thick, veiny length.

Li Feng didn’t say anything, but his eyes were already burning with desire again.

Just as he was about to stand up, so he can push this seductive woman down, and let her newly purified body experience its first ever seed, he suddenly froze.

As he felt another presence approaching.

And it was someone familiar.

’Ahh, great timing... seems like tonight is going to be a blaze...’

Li Feng grinned wickedly and sat back down, grabbing the woman’s head and pushing her toward his little brother again.

Madam Yan didn’t mind the roughness at all and obediently opened her mouth once more.

Slurp...

Soon, the door creaked open, and a youthful voice called out.

"Mother? The servants said they didn’t see you. Are you already resting?"

It was the adorable figure of Zhu Bai, who had just reached adulthood, peeking into the dark room.

_

_

_

Zhu Bai, dressed in a beautiful pale red robe, looked curiously into the dark room.

"Hmm? Mother isn’t here ?"

She tilted her head cutely, wondering where her mother had gone.

Just as she was about to close the door, a voice from the darkness made her jump.

"Ah, Little Bai, where are you going? Come inside."

Zhu Bai froze for a moment, then her fear fading as she recognized the familiar voice.

"Eh? Senior?" she murmured, squinting to see better into the dark room.

Soon, she noticed there a faint silhouette sitting in a chair.

She let out a small sigh of relief. "Ah, Senior, why are you sitting here in the dark ?"

Zhu Bai smiled and stepped inside.

As she approached Li Feng, her eyes widened as she saw that he was completely naked, while sitting casually in the chair.

"E-Eh?... Senior?" she stammered, blushing at the sudden sight.

She raised her hand to cover her eyes shyly, but parted her fingers slightly to peek.

Li Feng smiled at the fresh and youthful Zhu Bai.

"Hehe, it’s not like this is the first time you’ve seen my body..."

Hearing that, Zhu Bai’s blush deepened.

Then she noticed there actually another figure kneeling in front of him, with her head lowered toward his groin...while also completely naked.

"Mother...?" Zhu Bai blinked softly, taking in the beautiful, voluptuous figure with flawless skin.

She couldn’t help but sigh lightly, thinking how devoted and determined her mother must be to secure the family’s future.

Li Feng who noticing her misunderstanding, didn’t say anything and simply smiled.

"Good timing, Little Bai~ Come here and stand in front of me~," he said, opening his arms and gesturing.

Zhu Bai shyly nodded and slowly walked toward Li Feng.

"Stop."

She halted, now standing before him, wondering what Senior wanted.

Then she heard,

"Lift up your robe and spread your legs slightly..."

Zhu Bai blushed slightly at the words, but she still slowly lowered her hands to her robe and lifted it up, until completely revealing her bare white thighs and undergarments.

Li Feng leaned forward slightly, a smile of excitement spreading across his face.

Then he use one of his hand and gripped a handful of the hair of the figure below, shaking it back and forth as if he was using a toy to masturbate.

Glup...

Glup...

Glup...

His eyes remained fixed on Zhu Bai’s innocent yet lewd figure.

Soon, he grunted and released inside the astonished mouth of his devotee below.

Spurt!

Madam Yan, dutiful as always, quietly accepted everything, making only the softest of sounds.

"Ugh... phew~"

Li Feng let out a sigh of relief, then gestured for Zhu Bai to come to his side.

Still blushing, Zhu Bai hurried over.

"Kneel down," Li Feng casually commanded, while still releasing his essence below..

Zhu Bai obediently knelt beside him.

Then she felt a rough palm caress her soft cheek as his finger traced her lips slowly.

"Senior..."

Her eyes turned slightly misty, as if she were expecting something.

But his next words jolted her back.

"Little Bai, do you want to cultivate?"

Hearing this, Zhu Bai blinked her big, curious eyes and paused for a moment, unsure why Li Feng would ask such a thing, yet she still answered softly

"Yes..."

Li Feng nodded with a smile and began explaining, just as he had explained to the woman kneeling before him, how he could help her cultivate and the price she would have to pay.

After he finished speaking, Zhu Bai fell silent.

Li Feng didn’t mind, letting her think as he continued to play with the figure below.

Glup...

Slurp...

Glup...

After a few minutes, Zhu Bai, having seemingly made up her mind, finally spoke.

"Yes... Senior, I want to cultivate, but how is that possible?" she asked hesitantly.

Like Madam Yan, she knew there was no ordinary method to enable someone who couldn’t cultivate to suddenly do so, and that such method always demanded heaven-defying resources far beyond her reach.

And if Li Feng possessed such a rare treasure, why would he give something so priceless to her?

Li Feng who heard her question, just smiled.

He gripped the head that stuck in his groin below, lifted it up, and tilted it toward Zhu Bai.

"Haa...?"

A hot breath escaped Madam Yan as she was abruptly pulled back, saliva can be seen trickling down from her red lips, as if something enormous had suddenly just been dislodged from her mouth.

And through the loosely falling strands of hair, Zhu Bai caught sight of the woman white-stained face.

Seeing the beautiful, disheveled face, Zhu Bai suddenly realized who it was.

"Eh? Aunty?"

She spoke, dumbfounded, having thought it was her mother this whole time.

Ignoring Zhu Bai’s shock, Li Feng commanded,

"Show her your new strength."

Madam Yan gulped slightly, then nodded and released her aura.

HUMM...

A soft yet undeniably spiritual energy slowly radiated from Madam Yan.

Zhu Bai, recognizing the aura that typically belonged to a cultivator, widened her eyes in astonishment because she realized that her aunt, like herself, had once been unable to cultivate and yet now...

"See ? She agreed to my proposal too, and now she can cultivate"

Li Feng said with a grin, then pushing the head back toward his groin and let Madam Yan resume her duty.

He then turned his attention to the young girl, and continue caressing her cheek gently.

His expression softened, almost that of a righteous man concerned for those who struggled.

He spoke gently,

"I know it must be hard for you... to be born in a cultivation family and yet be unable to cultivate. And I know....deep down, you’ve always despised yourself, and I don’t want you to continue living like that. That’s why I even risked myself by revealing this to you..."

Hearing his gentle tone and seeing his caring gaze, Zhu Bai’s heart trembled.

She close her eye and leaned her cheek further into his large palm.

"Senior..." Her eyes glistened, slowly turning red at the depth of his care.

Zhu Bai truly felt moved, gazing at the gentle and kind Li Feng, who looked at her with warmth, understanding, and concern for her future.

’...Belonging to Senior... isn’t so bad’ she thought inwardly.

.... Of course, only Madam Yan, who could feel the growing excitement of the huge thing inside her mouth, knew what Li Feng was feeling.

Yet she was sensible enough not to disrupt her master fun, and diligently continuing her task with even more devotion.

Slurp...

Li Feng fought back a lewd grin, after feeling the intense pleasure from below but he endured it, and turning his attention back to the obedient young girl who about to become his....

"So... do you accept it?"

Zhu Bai grasped his hand on her cheek and exclaimed excitedly,

"Please, Senior ! I accept it !"

She didn’t hesitate to give herself entirely to Li Feng.

To her, this condition was also perfect.

Not only could she cultivate, but she would also .... formally belong to him now.

Hearing her enthusiastic declaration, Li Feng blinked slightly at her eagerness.

’Maybe I underestimated the value of being able to cultivate...’

Li Feng hadn’t yet realized how desperate many were to want to walk the path of pursuing immortality, especially those born into cultivation families who lived among cultivators but faced the harsh reality of their own inability.

Many demonic cultivators actually able to exploited this desperation, offering mortals the slightest hope of cultivation to do their bidding and nearly all would still cling to it, even if they felt it might be false.

Li Feng then just nodded with a smile.

"Good.... now then. Remove all your clothes and stand up."

Zhu Bai, with her hesitation gone, obediently started to remove her robes.

Soon, a youthful and beautiful naked figure stood before Li Feng.

She blushed slightly at the breeze on her bare white skin, but she tried not to hide her exposed body, crossing her arms behind her back and standing straight.

Li Feng rose from his seat as well, while the beautiful woman beneath him still had her head stuck against his groin like a leech.

Ignoring the wet suction sensation below, he calmly reached out and touched the young girl’s head.