Chapter 143: Loyal Subject.

Ding!

Li Feng can be seen walking out of the clothing store with a satisfied smile.

Behind him, a middle age shopkeeper also smiled brightly as he escorted Li Feng to the door.

"Thank you, esteemed guest ! Please come again ~!"

Li Feng, hearing that.... also seriously made a note of this store’s location.

’Is that a cosplay shop or something...? ’ he couldn’t help but thought of that.

He was quite surprised to find that the shop actually had a ....wide variety of clothes.

And he didn’t buy only a cloak...

In fact, by the time he finished browsing.

He had practically bought everything that looked remotely decent... or indecent.

He also picked up a few... ahem... beautiful female outfits as a gift for his lovely Senior Sister, to "show his appreciation" for accompanying him on his sect quest.

’I can’t wait to let Senior Sister try on that red, revealing qipao...’

Just imagining Fen Ziyan wearing it, with that curvaceous body of hers, made his heart thump.

With that excited thought in mind, he hurried back toward the Zhou residence.

Soon after he arrived at the outer wall, and this time...

He didn’t even bother going through the front gate.

Instead,

He silently vaulted over the wall in one fluid motion.

There was a small formation guarding the perimeter but he easily saw through its flaws and slipp inside without disturbing a single formation.

And with his strength and speed, not a single guard or servant noticed that an intruder had already entered.

By the time he reached the courtyard, Li Feng had already replay several lewd scenarios in his mind.

Each one featuring Fen Ziyan glaring at him, cheeks burning while being "forced" to wear that qipao because it supposedly helps with airflow during combat.

Then he saw Goldie still standing guard dutifully by the door and smiled as he took out a beautiful black robe.

"Here, Goldie, try this one. I picked out the most expensive one for you."

Goldie slowly lower its gaze toward the robe in his hand and then took it.

Seeing this, Li Feng smiled.

Then he pushed the door open and slipped inside.

Inside,

The room was serene and quiet.

And a beautiful figure can be seen sleeping peacefully on the bed, while hugging a pillow with both her arms and legs tightly.

He slowly made his way toward the bed and saw Fen Ziyan foolishly smiling sleeping face.

And she even drooling a little as if she were having a nice dream.

"Mhmm~"

Li Feng smiled wryly at this princess senior sister of his.

’I thought princesses were supposed to be diligent ... not sleeping through the morning like a pig.’

.... He didn’t seem to realize that half of the reason was because of himself.

Just as he was thinking whether to wake her up or not.

An idea popped into his head and he grinned.

Whoosh.

Then the rustling sound of cloth could be heard as Li Feng began changing his clothes and preparing himself ....

_

_

_

After a while,

Fen Ziyan slowly began to wake up.

"Ugh~"

She sat up and start stretching her voluptuous body.

Her body felt refresh after having a long satisfying rest for one night.

Suddenly, she heard a voice beside the bed.

"Your Highness, good morning ."

Fen Ziyan, who hadn’t heard that title in quite a long while, blinked in confusion.

She looked toward the owner of the voice and became even more puzzled when she saw an ’eunuch’ standing there.

She thought he was dreaming... imagining that she was still inside the imperial palace.

Then reality hit—

She wasn’t in the palace.

There was no way an eunuch could look so bulky and muscular, as if his uniform were about to burst.

...And eunuchs definitely wouldn’t grin like that at her.

"Junior... brother?"

Fen Ziyan blinked and asked hesitantly, her voice carrying a mixture of confusion and disbelief, as she saw Li Feng currently in a blue eunuch uniform while wearing that black hat.

Li Feng slowly stepped closer, then bowing slightly in exaggerated respect.

"Ah... so the princess still remembers me," he said, his voice soft, bowing slightly with gratitude.

"It is truly an honor to serve Your Highness today. How about we wash your face and feet, Your Highness?"

Fen Ziyan blinked at the sudden suggestion.

Then, slowly, she realized Li Feng was trying to please her. Is this his way of thanking me? Hmph... he finally realized I’m such a reliable senior sister.

"I... I suppose," she murmured haughtily, a small grin on her lips.

She slowly sitting up straighter while crossing her arms beneath her ample breasts. "...you may proceed."

Li Feng simply bowed and smiled.

He brought out a wet towel, that he had prepared in advance and began gently wiping her face.

And for Li Feng, even through the towel, he could still feel the soft suppleness of her flawless skin.

He carefully cleaning around her beautiful crimson eyes and her delicate soft cheeks.

His movement were slow and meticulous, as if he were tending to a priceless treasure.

When he finished, Li Feng knelt and brought a bowl of water and then placing it next to the bed.

" Your Highness, let me wipe your legs."

Fen Ziyan smiled, satisfied by this attentive service especially since it coming from her junior brother.

...Yet, a small part of her remained a bit cautious.

Because the last time he had served her in the cave, it had ended up with her being ...filled with his seed.

’ I guess it’s different this time...’ she murmured, watching the dedicated ’eunuch’ carefully roll up her lower robe, revealing her bare beautiful, delicate yet toned leg.

Li Feng lifted her soft leg gently, wiping it clean with a wet towel as carefully and meticulously as before.

When he finished, he expertly rolled her robe back down, stood up and offered a respectful bow.

"Your Highness, how about a bath? I’ve already prepared a warm hot tub for you."

Hearing this,

Fen Ziyan eye brighten and she let out a soft, satisfied hum.

"A bath...? Very well."

She shifted slightly on the bed, giving him an approving smile like a superior pleased with a thoughtful subordinate.

Li Feng just bowed once more, his grin barely concealed as he gestured for her to follow him toward the other side of the room.

"This way, Your Highness."

He had found a wooden tub earlier and had already prepared everything so he could properly serve this princess of his.

Fen Ziyan smiled smugly as she stood up and headed toward the direction where the steam drift softly can be seen.

Then she saw the wooden tub tucked neatly in the corner, already filled with warm water, petals floating on top and even a folded towel placed beside it.

"Let me help you undress, Your Highness."

Fen Ziyan, hearing this, simply raised her arms.

And under Li Feng expert hands, her clothes were removed one layer at a time.

Soon, her beautiful white skin and curvy body...the kind that didn’t seem to match her youthful face were completely exposed to the world.

And contrary to her expectations, Li Feng wasn’t mischievous at all during this time.

He just smile and serve her seriously and wholeheartedly.

" Right this way, Your Highness."

Li Feng helped her to the prepared warm hot tub, the water steam curling lazily around them.

Soon, under her attentive junior brother’s lead, she slowly lowered her flawless naked body into the fragrant, warm water.

"Ah~"

Fen Ziyan let out a sigh of relief as her fatigue melted away with every passing second.

It was... comfortable.

Too comfortable.

She wasn’t getting quite used to this as it been quite long time.

The warmth of the water relaxed her even more, and she keep letting out contented sigh.

"Junior brother... you are far too attentive" , she murmured while leaning back, though the hint of a smile betrayed her happiness.

Li Feng, now kneeling beside the tub, just smiled as he dipped a soft cloth into the warm water.

He began gently washing her shoulders then carefully lifted her small, delicate hand to wash it, moving with deliberate care.

His fingers brushed her smooth skin, each motion slow and meticulous, as if every inch of her body were precious.

Fen Ziyan closed her eyes, leaning slightly into his touch.

’Hmm~... how I missed this...’

She couldn’t help but feel a deep sense of satisfaction being served so wholeheartedly again, just like when she had been in the palace, attended by her personal maid.

Thinking of this, her mind couldn’t help but drifted toward her kind mother, who was probably still worrying about her inside the palace.

’...I should probably write her a letter when I return to the sect.’

Her thoughts start to wandered, and her muscles and body slowly relaxed as she sank deeper into the warm water.

Soon after a while, she was brought back from her daze by a soft voice.

"All clean, Your Highness" , Li Feng said gently, lifting the cloth one last time and patting her lightly.

" I hope this please you."

Fen Ziyan then slowly opened her eyes.

A faint blush can be seen coloring her cheeks as she gave him a small approving nod.

"It does ... very much."

Li Feng, noticing the softened tone and gentle expression of his senior sister, smiled with satisfaction.

"It seems my service has met the princess’s standard."

Then his eyes glinted, and his smile seem to shifted into the cunning expression of a plotting minister.

" Your Highness... how about a massage next?"