Chapter 206: Recover.

Ye Shuang and Ling Lin walked cautiously toward Li Feng while glancing around as they moved.

Seeing the two beautiful young women, one was his personal nightly attendant, and the other soon to become one, Li Feng’s smile brightened even further.

Truly, good fortune came to him one after another.

"Junior Sister Ye, Junior Sister Ling, no need to be so cautious. I’ve taken care of all those demonic cultivators."

Hearing his words, both Ye Shuang and Ling Lin paused in surprise.

After confirming what he said, their expressions changed slightly as they look at him.

’It seems Senior Brother Li isn’t simple at all...’

But the moment they stepped past the thin, transparent formation barrier with relieved smiles, they froze.

The scene before them had completely changed as if what they saw before was just an illusion.

Li Feng who had been fully dressed just moments ago was now entirely naked, with his well-built body fully revealed.

Even more shocking, he was holding a beautiful naked young woman in his arms, lifted slightly off the ground with his thick wrapped around the her neck.

A thin stream of translucent white liquid could be seen trailing down the young woman’s long, shapely legs as it continue dripping onto the ground.

’Hmm? A milk?’

Ling Lin tilted her head slightly, not understanding what it was.

But Ye Shuang, having experienced it many times, recognized it immediately as Li Feng’s seed.

And before they could make sense of the sudden change, Jing Lu suddenly spoke up after noticing their robes and demeanor.

"Oh? Are you two from the Waterflow Sect?"

Both Ye Shuang and Ling Lin snapped out of their daze.

Ye Shuang answered first as she had ...experience, so the scene didn’t shock her as much as it did for Ling Lin.

"Yes, we are from the Waterflow Sect. We actually came with Senior Brother Li, but this..."

At the last words, she glanced at Li Feng who simply smiled back at her, though her eyes were really on the sharp eye, naked female disciple in his arms.

Seeing her questioning look, Jing Lu smiled lightly.

"Oh, that? Actually..."

Then she began explaining everything.....from how Li Feng had arrived.

How he fought off the demonic cultivators heroically and saved them all.

And then on how he had been poisoned by the unscrupulous disciples of the Fire Yang Sect and currently suffering extreme pain in his manhood.

And how Ning Jianli, the naked female disciple, was now performing her duty, extracting the poison... by drawing out his yang.

Hearing the detailed, dramatic explanation, Li Feng nodded along and couldn’t help giving Jing Lu an appreciative gaze.

He was genuinely grateful as her storytelling of him...was truly wonderful.

’She really is my lucky charm~’ he grinned inwardly.

Slowly, he loosened his hold and lowered Ning Jianli back onto her feet, and slowly pulling his hard, wet "little brother" from her tight entrance.

Squelch...

Drip...

Once his little brother was free, his thick white seed slowly slipped even more from that pink, fleshy slit.

Meanwhile,

Ling Lin and Ye Shuang, after listening to Jing Lu’s explanation, nodded in understanding as they looked at Li Feng once more.

But they both glanced at his rather prominent manhood, which had just left a wet space, standing proudly for all to bask in its glory.

Seeing his "little brother" still fully erect and still slightly wet, Ye Shuang simply smiled.

Ling Lin, however, found her face turning bright red as she kept glancing at it.

’W-Will that... really fit inside a woman?’ she murmured, staring at the huge length that had just been inside the sword maiden’s small entrance.

Her hand unconsciously touched her lower abdomen.

And she couldn’t help but swallowed nervously.

After being set down, Ning Jianli trembled slightly, her legs weak as she wobbled.

Li Feng reached out to support her by the waist, but Ning Jianli gently pushed his hand away and looked up at him with firm, determined eyes.

"S–Senior Brother, don’t worry. I can walk on my own."

Hearing this, Li Feng nodded and withdrew his hand.

Ning Jianli straightened her posture, crossed her arms under her pale, full breasts, and presented a confident expression.

As a Heavenly Sword Sect disciple known for strict discipline, she could not afford to show weakness in front of a crowd.

Seeing the confident yet still-naked Ning Jianli,

Li Feng couldn’t help but admired the view....though his gaze naturally drifted to the thick white liquid still slowly slipping down between her toned, parted thighs.

With a small sigh.

He took out a white robe and draped it over Ning Jianli’s figure, then grabbed another one for himself and dressed.

And seeing this, Jing Lu tilted her head.

"Eh? Senior Brother, why not release a few more times?"

Li Feng gave her a strange look.

He suddenly felt they weren’t operating on the same wavelength at all....more like she was operating above his wavelength.

Sure, he liked doing it out in the open sometimes but what he liked even more was somewhere private, where he could fully focus on enjoying himself.

A small enclosed space.

And on a bed.

Ever since Fen Ziyan taught him those methods, he’d grown fond of enjoying fleshly pleasure in darkness and close quarters.

Of course, he wouldn’t say that out loud.

He coughed lightly.

"Ahem... we can continue later. For now, let’s find a more suitable place. It’s hard to focus on the extraction in an open area like this."

At his words.

Everyone nodded.

Soon, they all left the area together.

On the way, Li Feng stayed close to Ning Jianli who was fully dressed now, under the excuse of helping her walk.

He chatted casually with her, smiling, while draping an arm over her shoulder as though they were best friends.

But Ning Jianli’s face only grew redder and redder.

....Because right now, half of Li Feng’s dropped arm over her shoulder was inside her robe, his hand casually slipping into her cleavage.

She could feel that large, rough palm casually cupping and molding her bare breasts.

Of course, everyone noticed that little action, but no one seemed to think much of it.

Only Ling Lin looked a bit jealous as she stared at the intimate scene between Li Feng and Ning Jianli.