Chapter 207: Recover (2)

The sun has now turned orange as it was slowly setting down in the horizon

Nearby, through the thick tree and bush.

A cave that seemed to have been recently dug out could be seen.

But what was surprising or stood out wasn’t the cave itself,.... but the beautiful fairies currently sitting around the cave entrance, seemingly meditating.

Among them, Jing Lu slowly opened her eyes, let out a soft sigh of relief and looked at the pill bottle in her hand.

A while ago, after Li Feng dug out the new cave effortlessly with his bare hands, Jing Lu was about to volunteer to use her mortal body to help extract his poison, but Li Feng waved his hand and rejected her.

Li Feng noticed all of them still seemed weak and exhausted.

So he handed them each bottle of flawless-grade recovery pills, saying that they needed to take care of their injuries first.

After checking and found out it really is a legit flawless grade pills,

She and her sisters were a bit shocked to be suddenly gifted such expensive and rare pills.

They all knew about flawless-grade pills, and none of them had ever used one before.

But Senior Brother Li seemed to shrug it off, saying their health and well-being were more important than the pills.

His words made them feel even more indebted to him.

Then he casually grabbed Ning Jianli’s arm and dragged her into the cave.

Looking at the dark entrance, Jing Lu sighed, feeling that she would probably never be able to repay Senior Brother Li at this rate.

Then she looked at Ling Lin, who kept glancing at the cave entrance as if she were curious and anxious.

Ye Shuang had already left to scout the area around them, hoping to find some treasure or even enemies nearby.

At the thought of an enemy, Jing Lu couldn’t help but fall into contemplation.

Now that they knew there were probably many demonic cultivators in this secret realm....it might be wiser to form a group and explore together rather than going solo like before.

If they could use Senior Brother Li as the center of the group, their safety would be even more secure.

She planned to have everyone take turns accompanying Li Feng while the rest of the group explored the surrounding areas.

She still didn’t want to give up the opportunity to make discoveries in this secret realm, and she knew the others felt the same way.

After all, they were cultivators seeking the Dao and aiming to improve their strength.

If such a danger could deter them, they might as well give up on the path to immortality.

Of course, they weren’t foolish enough to walk blindly into death, which was why Jing Lu had the idea to form a group.

Not to mention, with that arrangement, they could not only assist Senior Brother Li with his poison problem every day but also have a powerful protector like Li Feng nearby.

If the group encountered something they couldn’t handle, they would simply retreat and come to find Senior Brother Li.

It was like a win-win for everyone.

Ah, perhaps it was a bit unfair for Li Feng, who would have to sit back and wait for them all the time.

It seemed they would have to do their best to make him happy as well.

She even thought of sharing their findings with him during their explorations and working even harder on their duty of extracting his poison..

With those thoughts in mind, Jing Lu nodded with a smile as her hand resting under her chin as if she were proud of herself for coming up with such a brilliant plan.

Now she just had to tell her sisters and Senior Brother Li about it when he was done.

... If Li Feng knew she had come up with such a brilliant plan, he would probably fall to his knees and look at her with adoration.

_

_

_

Meanwhile,

Inside the cave,

There was no light as Li Feng had dug quite deep, even making a turn instead of a straight path, so the sunlight from outside couldn’t illuminate the entire cave.

At the right turn of the cave, a small space had been dug out.

Surprisingly, a bit further into the space,

A rather luxurious bed could be seen, its elegant wooden frame seeming slightly out of place among the crooked rocks.

And right now, it creaked audibly under some movement

Creak...

Creak...

Creak...

"Haa~ Ahhh~ Haaa!"

A soft melodic moan echoed through the dark space above the bed.

On the bed,

A naked muscular man could be seen grinning lewdly while moving his waist above a beautiful naked young woman, who was on all fours beneath him.

The young woman had a slim yet toned body, evident from her firm thighs, a result of strenuous training but her figure remained soft and curvy rather than muscular.

Her flawless white skin seemed to glow even in the darkness and her face bore the sharp, heroic features of someone used to command and fearless.

But now, her eyes were misty and softened as her black silky hair falling over her face as she gritted her teeth, while her delicate arms gripping the sheets tightly.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

Her large, pale breasts bounced enticingly as her body shook with each thrust from the man behind her.

If anyone knew that the cold and ruthless disciple of the Heavenly Sword Sect known for decisiveness and preferring death to shame was now on all fours, moaning helplessly while being taken by a perverted-looking man like this, they would be utterly shocked.

To the point, one could only wonder how a man could make such a decisive and proud disciple to obey so willingly, and spreading her legs for him.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

Smack!

Ning Jianli’s whose head jerked back and forth frantically, suddenly widening her eyes as she gasped at the rough palm smacking her rear.

Meanwhile Li Feng, enjoying himself thoroughly, grinned in satisfaction as he gripped her small waist with both hands and thrust even harder.

"Ahh~ Uhhh~ Haah~..!"

Soon, the bed creaked even more frantically as the sounds of wet colliding flesh and drowning moans filling the dark space.

Plap!

Li Feng closed his eyes as he gave one last hard thrust, causing her flawless skin of her plump peach to ripple enticingly.

Spurt!

"Ugh..."

He groaned as he released himself deep inside her once again.

Ning Jianli’s head jerked up, her mouth opening in a hot breath, feeling the familiar hot liquid filling her inside as it directly shoot at her womb entrance.

"Haaa... Haaa..."

Her eyes turn hazy as she breathed heavily, while still being filled with a man seed.

Then she felt a rough, heavy weight pressing on her back, as a pair of rough hands kneading her drooping breasts.

"Umm~" Ning Jianli let out a soft sound, as she felt a wet tongue licking her ear.

Then she heard a whisper.

"Junior Sister, do you remember your promise?"

The voice was thick with desire, as if he wanted to devour her.

And at those words

Ning Jianli’s body trembled slightly as she looked down.

Li Feng then grasped her large breasts even rougher, as the soft white flesh spilled over his hand, and he whispered again,

"...Shall we try dual cultivation?"