Chapter 170: Departure (4)

Li Feng’s heart was once again filled with desire after being surrounded by those two beautiful and alluring Elders.

So the moment he saw Yue Lan’s beautiful face, his desire almost exploded.

"Mhmm~...."

Yue Lan, who was suddenly kissed and had her mouth devoured, only seemed slightly surprised.

Soon after, she slowly wrapped her arms around his broad back, gently patting him.

Li Feng held her soft waist tightly, indulging himself in the cold, alluring mouth of his senior sister that he had been longing for.

Only after a few minutes had passed did Li Feng finally release her lips.

Slurp....

Yue Lan’s usually cold face turned slightly red as she stared at the man whose face was filled with desire.

Seeing those beautiful golden eyes, Li Feng’s hands began to grew mischievous, as it slowly moved toward her cool, soft, plump peach that seem to be perfect in his hands.

But then Yue Lan suddenly pushed lightly against his chest.

"Haaa... wait, Junior Brother..."

Li Feng who was enjoying the softness paused and looked at her.

"What’s wrong, Senior Sister?"

Yue Lan, who could still feel her backside being molded, looked at Li Feng and whispered,

"...We can’t do it here. We might be discovered by the Elder."

Then she explained that the Elder’s powerful spiritual sense could easily see what was happening on the ship, even inside the so-called private rooms, as the Elders wanted to make sure nothing bad occurred.

She didn’t mind being with Li Feng or letting him indulge in her mortal body at another time, especially since he had helped her so much... but just thinking about an Elder watching them while she was in a shameless position .... was a little too much.

To be honest, even if the Elder were to discover their little make-out session, they would probably just scoff, then scold them and advise them not to indulge in mortal pleasures as it will just hinder and slow down their cultivation.

Still, Yue Lan, who cared about her image, didn’t want to be seen with her legs spread wide.

Hearing this, Li Feng gritted his teeth as he could already feel his little brother about to explode.

Then his eye brightened as he got an idea.

’System, upgrade my Formation talent to Rank 2.’

[Ding!]

[-100 Favor Points!]

[Congratulations, Host, on becoming a Rank 2 Formation Master!]

Li Feng smiled as his mastery over formations suddenly rose to another level.

Node connections, directional manipulations, and formation dynamics all filled his mind.

With this newfound knowledge, he realized he could create an illusion formation enough to fool the Elder, as long as they didn’t realize it was an illusion.

Without hesitation, he immediately got to work and set up a peak Rank 2 illusion formation inside the room.

Yue Lan watched him work curiously and soon noticed that Li Feng seemed to be setting up a formation.

"Eh? You’re also a formation master, Junior Brother?"

Hearing the shock in her voice, Li Feng smiled as he finished setting up the formation.

"Yes. It seems I’m quite talented in formations as well," he replied casually.

Yue Lan blinked at his nonchalant tone, wondering if becoming both a Formation Master and an Alchemist could really be so effortless.

If she had known that Li Feng was also an artifact refiner, she would have been even more incredulous.

Just as she was still in shock, Li Feng silently appeared behind her.

Yue Lan felt his hands wrap around her from behind and casually cupping her breasts over the robe.

"Hehe... with this formation, we can continue, shall we?"

Hearing his lewd voice and feeling the hot, hardened length pressing against her back, Yue Lan couldn’t help but feel a pang of nostalgia.

’It seems Junior Brother is still the same as ever... he truly loves mortal indulgence.’

Her usually emotionless face softened into a small smile.

Fearing it would dishearten him if she refused again, she sighed and leaned back slightly ... a silent consent to let him indulge in her mortal body.

Li Feng, who was enjoying the feel of her perfectly sized breasts in his hands, grinned.

Then, he gently pushed her over the table and spread her legs wide.

Looking down at her shapely back, now bent over the table, Yue Lan right now appeared extremely enticing with her head tilted slightly as her aloof golden eyes glanced back at him.

’Hehe... no one would ever have imagined such a talented and cold fairy like Yue Lan would now currently spreading her legs for me.’

He recalled the hidden glances from others disciple at the plaza.

It seem Yue Lan was more desired than he had realized ... but few dared voice their admiration because of their vast difference in strength and talent.

Feeling his little brother protesting below, Li Feng grinned and finally took out his hard little brother that seem to be ready for a battle for a while now.

He withdraw slightly before carefully rolling her robe up and aligning his little brother against her nostalgic, cool and soft body.

Yue Lan then felt that familiar, hot tip pressing against her skin as it aim around .... and slowly, a faint trepidation stirred in her heart.

It was both the fear of that huge length entering her inside again ... and a small sense of anticipation for the mortal pleasures that Li Feng had seemingly engraved into her body, which now subconsciously responded to it.

Squelch...

"Mhmm..."

A soft sound escaped Yue Lan as she closed her eyes, feeling the hard, hot length finally find her entrance as it slowly stretching her from within.

Plap.

Soon, Li Feng’s muscular abdomen pressed against the flawless skin of her plump peach, while leaving no space between them at all.

"Ohh~"

Li Feng gripped her soft waist firmly, letting out a sigh of relief as he savored the tight and wet sensation.

The burning desire inside his heart seemed to ease slightly as he felt her wriggling flesh surrounding his little brother.

’Ahh... it seems to be even tighter...’

Then, he looked down at the perfect woman obediently spreading her legs beneath him, and desire start to surge anew.

Slowly, he rolled his hips around, enjoying the tightness pressing against him.

During his earlier discussion with his new master, Elder Qing, he had learned that they would arrive at the secret realm by tomorrow...so he has plenty of time.

’Hehe... I’ll have to spend the rest of the time making sure Senior Sister’s body remembers me after so long.’

Li Feng grinned as he finally reunited with this soft and cool body of his first women and then started to move his waist.

Plap...

Plap...

Plap...

"Mm~... Mhmm..."

Below,

Yue Lan just continued to keep her eyes closed, while letting out a soft and suppressed moan.

Her body swayed slowly back and forth, but her mind suddenly wandered back to the times she was in seclusion and had been taught a technique by Elder Yu.

’Oh, this Mind Adjustment Technique...? Actually, once you reach the Foundation Establishment Realm, you can adjust your emotional state easily. But even for a Qi Refinement disciple, learning it helps you focus more on cultivation and benefits you greatly. The difficulty in mastering this technique is high, but I believe someone like you can master it.’

Yue Lan remembered those teachings and found them surprisingly fitting for this moment, as Li Feng indulged in her mortal body.

She silently tried to use it .... and to her surprise, it worked quite well.

Even though her mortal body was being used, her mind remained clear, not interrupted by mortal pleasure at all.

’Ah... with this, I can meditate even while Junior Brother indulges in me...’

Her cold beautiful face, that currently shaking back and forth with his movements, broke into a small smile at the thought.

Now she could continue to cultivate while also letting Li Feng use her mortal body ..... a win-win situation.

Without realizing it, her thoughts began favoring Li Feng and always fearing his disappointment.

And just like that,

Inside the room, a muscular man with a lewd grin continued to move his waist and seem to be having fun, while the beautiful and gorgeous woman below began to calmly meditate.

.....It was a scene of two disciples each pursuing what they cherished, strangely harmonious to behold.

_

_

_

Outside, the huge spirit ship slowly flew out of the sect, passing by Cloudveil City.

Everyone below glanced upward and pointed while chatting.

At the City Lord’s manor, Lan Suyao who is beautiful and charming as always, dressed in her white robe crossed her arms beneath her large breasts as she looked up at the ship.

Subconsciously, she brought her hand to her throat as memories of that man’s enormous flesh resurfaced.

Then she smiled charmingly.

"I hope you have a great journey, Junior Brother Li," she murmured.

She hoped the trip went well for him .... and also for her own sake, as he carried a task that would determine her path and future cultivation.

Meanwhile,

At the Wei Alchemy Hall, Wei Meilin, dressed in her purple qipao, looked out the window, and recognizing that it was probably the ship Li Feng was on.

She clenched her fist and wished her master well before returning to work, determined to bring more wealth to her master.

"I will have to make sure he is satisfied after he come back... so I can earn the extra star." she thought, as a grin spreading across her face as if she had finally found a new purpose in life.

Soon, the huge ship disappeared into the clouds, fading into the distance.

....No one would have never guessed that the disciples on board would soon be involved in a huge battle inside the secret realm.

A battle that should happen only between Immortal and...

....that Thing.