Chapter 325: The Strongest Disciple of the Righteous Sects

_

_

_

Li Feng felt as though his blood had run cold when he saw Yue Lan on the verge of death.

It was like his stomach had dropped.

Using every ounce of his strength, he rushed forward and manage to blocked the attack that was just an inch away from Yue Lan’s chest.

Yue Lan’s eyes widened in shock as she stared at Li Feng’s tall, broad back.

"...Li Feng."

But Li Feng did not reply.

He simply continued staring coldly at the unknown woman in front of him.

Strangely, she didn’t look like a demonic disciple at all.

From her bearing alone, he could even tell that she was probably a heroic fairy.

...But no matter whether she was a fairy or a beautiful woman, there was a line that must never be crossed.

"Who are you...?" he asked coldly, his grip remaining tightly locked on her sword.

Wei Zhenxin’s eyes widened in surprise at the sudden appearance of this man.

She could feel a rolling pressure like a heavy mountain pressing down on her.

For some reason, she suddenly remembered Old Han words.

’Is this... the strongest disciple of the righteous sects he was talking about?’

Wei Zhenxin could hardly believe there was someone with such terrifying strength at the Qi Refinement realm.

He had even casually stopped her destructive lightning with his bare hand.

Not only her... even Immortal Jiuming remained silent as he observed Li Feng.

’...My disciple, we should retreat.’

At her master’s words, Wei Zhenxin shouted inwardly, ’What?! No! I am so close!’

She turned to look at Yue Lan with killing intent.

’Once I kill that woman, the dark future befalling this land will not happen—’

’My disciple! Block!’ Immortal Jiuming suddenly shouted urgently.

BANG!!

Li Feng lifted his knee and struck Wei Zhenxin.

BOOOM!!

A powerful explosion erupted between them as the earth trembled violently.

BANG!

BANG!

BANG!

Wei Zhenxin’s body flew backward, crashing through everything in her path as she was blasted into the distance.

"...This woman really dared to still want to kill Yue Lan while I’m here?"

Li Feng snorted coldly as he lowered his leg.

Just now, that woman had actually dared to release killing intent toward Yue Lan right in front of him.

"...Truly an idiot and stubborn woman."

He murmured coldly as his bubbling rage still boiling in his chest from the close call.

"...Li Feng."

A soft, familiar voice echoed from behind him as a gentle body hugged him tightly.

"Welcome... back."

Yue Lan murmured softly.

Hearing her voice and that soft flesh on his back, Li Feng finally let out a soft sigh and shook his head.

With his usual smile returning, he turned around and hugged Yue Lan’s soft, cool body.

"Hehe, I’m back."

[Ding!]

[Congratulations, Host! You have obtained 500 Favor Points!]

Hugging her soft body and inhaling her familiar fragrance, along with the system notification, Li Feng felt his anger cool down a little.

"Mhm."

Yue Lan didn’t say much.

She simply let him hug her.

But then... she felt a mischievous hand molding her plump rear.

"..."

She almost smiled at the same old Li Feng, who never missed an opportunity.

But then—

BOOOM!!

An explosion of fierce sharp sword energy snapped them out of their intimate moment.

Li Feng released her and turned to look at the fierce battle between Jian Ruyi, Shui Ruo, and Tie Shan against the male demonic disciple.

Sensing that familiar sword intent, Li Feng slowly began to sneer.

He had finally found the guy who had made his cute wife fall into such a miserable state before.

’Hmph, daring to touch my woman. This guy is seeking death.’

He slowly released Yue Lan, lifted her chin, and gently traced her soft lips with his finger.

"...Stick close to me. And I have a surprise for you after this, Senior Sister."

Yue Lan blinked once before nodding obediently.

Some of the disciples who noticed the interaction between the two couldn’t help but wonder who was capable enough to make that cold and gorgeous fairy act like a little wife.

But almost immediately, as if to answer their thoughts—

HUMM...

CRACK!

CRACK!

A terrifying and oppressive aura, even more tyrannical than Yan Moxuan’s, smashed across the entire battlefield.

Everyone suddenly paused their fights and broke out in cold sweat at this overwhelming power.

Even Yao Xin and Ning Jianli stopped their battle and looked toward Li Feng, who was slowly walking calmly through the now silent chaotic battlefield toward Yan Moxuan.

Yao Xin’s heart almost jumped out of her chest after sensing that aura.

Without hesitation, she activated her long-distance teleportation talisman to escape.

"This secret realm is too weird!!"

With her last cry, she vanished.

Ning Jianli didn’t seem to care.

She continued staring at Li Feng with eyes full of relief.

’With him here, we’ve pretty much already won.’

She was that confident in his strength.

’As expected of my master.’

_

_

_

Meanwhile, Yan Moxuan, who was dealing with the combined attacks of the three strongest outer disciples from the three righteous sects, frowned deeply.

As he could felt a suffocating pressure bearing down on him.

He glanced toward the side where he sensed a powerful aura and saw... a male Azure Moon Sect disciple walking calmly toward him.

’...Since when did the sect have that kind of monster?’

Even he could feel the terrifying strength radiating from that man, yet he sneered.

... After all, he was a monster himself too.

Just then, as if they had reached a silent agreement, Tie Shan, Shui Ruo, and Jian Ruyi stopped attacking and retreated a distance away, while Li Feng calmly continued walking toward Yan Moxuan.

With every step he took, the air seemed to stiffen and grow heavier.

All the righteous and demonic disciples stopped their clashes and retreated further back, watching the two powerful figures intently.

Soon, Li Feng arrived right in front of Yan Moxuan.

The two stared at each other.

Surprisingly, Li Feng’s huge figure had finally met its match.

Standing before him was Yan Moxuan, who was just as tall and buff as he was.

Both of them exuded a terrifying pressure, as if they were already testing each other with their auras alone.

But then, Li Feng’s brows furrowed.

He opened his mouth after sensing something familiar.

"Say... do you happen to know a guy named Mo Shuyan by chance?"

Yan Moxuan, who heard this, grinned.

"That weak bastard who just became an Emissary? You could say we’re fellow discipl—"

BANG!

SPURT!

Before he could react, Yan Moxuan’s face violently jerked sideways.

A mouthful of blood spurted out as Li Feng threw a powerful punch to his face.

"I see... then there’s no need to waste any more words with you."