Chapter 157: Casualness

Inside the City Lord manor,

The banquet seem to be winding down as guests began to take their leave.

Yet a few lingered, weaving through the remaining crowd, and conversing their business quietly.

After all, occasions like this where one could mingle with the influential and wealthy people were rare.

Some had even slipped away to discuss secret deals in secluded corners.

Wei Meilin currently stood near a pillar, tilting her cup of red wine as she swirl it delicately in her hand.

The crowd around her also had thinned considerably, leaving only Captain Shan and a jealous-looking woman in a green robe nearby.

And right now,

Captain Shan look extremely frustrated as he hadn’t been able to use all his tactics properly because the woman in green kept making things awkward between him and Wei Meilin.

Looking at the quiet atmosphere, he clicked his tongue and murmured under his breath.

’ Usually, this is the perfect moment to sneak off and have some fun,...but it seems Madam Wei isn’t even interested in continuing our conversation.’

His eyes drifted over her sinful body, accentuated by the tight black qipao, and he couldn’t help but regret that he wouldn’t get the chance to enjoy it tonight.

Then, suddenly, Wei Meilin who had seemed distant and uninterested blinked her beautiful eyes and smiled charmingly.

At the sight of that beautiful smile, Captain Shan paused, while staring at her in a daze.

But then Wei Meilin spoke, her smile still in place.

"Ah, Captain Shan, I have something important to attend to, so I’ll be leaving first."

Without waiting for his reply, she slowly made her way out.

Captain Shan was shocked when he heard this and could only stare at her retreating figure, especially at her wide hips swaying seductively with each step.

And the woman beside him smiled arrogantly as she watched Wei Meilin leave.

_

_

_

Wei Meilin, who had already left the hall, made her way toward a corner at the back of the garden.

Her mature body, accentuated by the tight qipao, was faintly illuminated under the moonlight.

Her beautiful eyes scanned the quiet bushes as she walked deeper inside when suddenly, a hand grasped her arm and pulled her further in.

Wei Meilin didn’t resist.

Instead, she smiled when she saw Li Feng dragging her along deeper.

Soon, they arrived beside a secluded wall.

Li Feng released her hand and pushed her against it, his head immediately lowering toward her lips.

"Mhmm!"

His tongue pried her lips open as he devoured her from within.

Slurp...

Slurp...

Wei Meilin simply surrendered herself, allowing her master to enjoy her.

Through their connection, she could faintly feel that Li Feng was extremely aroused for some reason.

"Mhmm?"

With her mouth still sealed, she felt something hot and hard poking against her leg.

Slowly, her hand reached toward the bulge, gently caressing it.

After kissing her for a while, Li Feng seemed satisfied and finally released her mouth.

"Puhaaa~"

Wei Meilin breathed hotly as she looked at her master with adoring, misty eyes.

Just as she slowly began to kneel, preparing to use her mouth—

A firm hand grasped her hair.

"...Spread your legs."

Li Feng commanded, his breathing rough.

Hearing the desire in his tone, Wei Meilin obediently stood up and placed both hands against the old wall.

She bent her body forward in a seductive manner as she spread her legs wide.

Li Feng’s eyes traced the alluring curves of her body, from her wide hips to her slender, delicate waist and shoulders.

He grinned as he stepped behind her and rolled up her qipao, exposing her toned, fleshy thighs and plump, elastic round peach to the air.

He didn’t waste any more time as he inserted his little brother into his woman.

Squelch...

"Ahh~" Wei Meilin moaned happily as she closed her eyes, as satisfaction surging through her heart as she felt her master’s important member enter her once again.

Meanwhile, Li Feng, as if his desire had finally been released slightly, let out a relaxed sigh, feeling the perfect, wriggling wet flesh tighten around his little brother.

He had just finished his discussion with Lan Suyao, and the moment he left, he still felt unsatisfied, as if there were an itch somewhere in his heart that hadn’t been scratched.

’Phew~ I knew it... using her mouth is great, but nothing beats this—home sweet home.’

Then he began to thrust his waist, clamping her small waist firmly.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"Ahh~ Haa~ Haa~"

Wei Meilin’s melodic moans continued to leak out in the dark and quiet corner.

As her body shook back and forth frantically, she couldn’t help but imagine that there would actually be a day when she would truly obediently open her legs for a man in the quiet corner of the garden like an easy women.

’Ahh~ but... but this feels good~’

Her eye misty as she smiled in satisfaction, both from the physical pleasure and deep within her soul.

Soon, she continued to moan freely.

Since Li Feng hadn’t told her to stay quiet, there was no need for her to restrain herself.

Of course, Li Feng had already set up a small noise-canceling formation around them.

After enjoying himself for a while, steadily shaking his waist, Li Feng who had his eyes closed in pleasure—suddenly opened them as he sensed a figure approaching.

"...Oh?"

Even so, he didn’t stop.

He continued to thrust his waist, as an intrigued smile slowly forming on his lips.

_

_

_

Captain Shan, having arrived at his secret spot which is perfect place for making out.

He pushed a beautiful, mature woman dressed in green against the old wall.

"Ah~ Captain Shan, you really are in a hurry~"

She didn’t mind the roughness and spoke coyly.

"Hmph. You ruined my plans tonight, so be obedient and spread your legs for me, bitch."

The woman smiled as he pressed her hands against the wall and she bent forward.

"Of course~"

She swayed her hips seductively.

Captain Shan didn’t bother saying anything more.

He stepped behind her and rolled up her robe until her plump curves were exposed.

Without any hesitation, he pushed his little brother between her spread legs.

Squelch...

"Mhmm~..." The woman covered her mouth with one hand, trying to muffle her voice.

"Ugh..."

Captain Shan grunted softly as he felt the wet, tight pleasure, and soon began to move his waist.

Plap...

Plap...

Plap...

Captain Shan, finally feeling some relief, couldn’t help but feel anger rise again toward this woman who had kept ruining his plan to score a hot night with Wei Meilin.

But then, an idea flash through his mind as he looked down at the woman bending obediently for him, as he began to imagine that the one beneath him was Wei Meilin.

"...!"

The woman, shaking back and forth, suddenly felt the thing inside her grow bigger.

She smiled, thinking that Captain Shan had finally started to truly desire her.

Captain Shan, grinning as he continued to move his hips, suddenly felt something strange as if there a movement behind the wall next to him.

Curious, he glanced toward the corner of the wall and to his surprise, he saw another man glancing out as well, their eyes meeting.

"Eh? Alchemist Li?"

Captain Shan blinked in shock.

Even though he could only see Li Feng’s neck, he was certain that Alchemist Li was probably shaking his waist just like him, judging by his movements.

"Ah, Captain Shan, I didn’t expect to meet you here. What a coincidence," Li Feng grinned as he greeted him.

Hearing this, Captain Shan paused briefly, then laughed.

"Haha, indeed. What a coincidence. I didn’t expect my favorite spot to already be taken. Did you finish the meeting with the City Lord?"

He felt that Li Feng was quite similar to him, and suddenly he didn’t seem to care that they were both currently moving their waists. After all, they were doing the same thing.

Hearing his words, Li Feng put on a bitter expression.

"Yes... it was pleasant..."

Looking at Li Feng’s bitter smile, Captain Shan smiled in return.

"There’s no need to lie, Alchemist Li. I know it probably hurt," he said with a grin, knowing the City Lord’s personality.

Even he had once gotten his bones broken after trying his luck with her, and since then he didn’t dare even look at her face, fearing his third brother might be broken next.

Li Feng simply smiled.

Then the two of them began some small talk while both continued shaking their waists in the quiet corner by the wall.

...Like friends having a casual conversation while using the toilet.

_

_

_

Soon, Captain Shan bit his lip slightly, let out a grunt, and ejaculated inside the woman beneath him.

Spurt!

"Mhmm...!"

"Ugh..."

A woman suppressed a moan while a man’s grunt echoed out.

Seeing this, Li Feng teased him.

"Captain Shan is quite fast. Could it be that the woman is good?"

Captain Shan sighed in relief a bit and nodded slightly.

"Yes, her body isn’t bad. It’s just that her personality needs a bit more training..."

Captain Shan then grew curious about the woman currently beneath Li Feng.

’Judging by his frantic thrusts, that woman must be having it rough.’

While still releasing his seed, he tried to glance over the wall, but Li Feng stopped him.

"Hey, Captain Shan, you can’t just do that. We men might be fine with it, but some women don’t like being discovered doing this kind of thing, you know?"

Li Feng grinned as he raised his hand and smacked the flesh beneath him.

Smack.

Then he started to thrust even more rougher.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"Oh... yes..."

Captain Shan nodded dazedly, having only managed to glimpse a long, perfect white leg and the woman’s wide hips.

Even with just that much, based on his experience, that woman was definitely high quality.

’At least far better than this one....’ he thought as he looked down at the woman bending beneath him.

Captain Shan couldn’t help but feel a tinge of jealousy.

’Well, he is an alchemist after all. All sorts of women are dying to earn his favor.’

He understood the mentality of those opportunistic women well, and he shook his head, knowing the difference in their status.

Yet he couldn’t help but wonder who that lady was.

If he had ever seen such a great body before, he would never forget it.

Then a thought flashed through his mind, and he opened his mouth wide.

’...Ah...no way, could it be Madam Wei?’

The woman dress in green robe who was still bending forward, and still receiving the hot seed inside her, suddenly felt that thing inside her grow hard once again.

"Mm?"

It seemed to become even harder and thicker than before.