Chapter 79: Li Feng’s Strength

Seeing the poisoned arrow in his hand,

Li Feng then noticed something else that seemed odd...the quality of this arrow was quite good.

It didn’t seem like something a random bandit would able to possess.

Li Feng turned his head toward the distance from where the arrow had been fired.

He frowned. "Are bandits usually this strong?"

Li Feng’s mind drifted to the power behind the arrow when he caught it.

Even though he had stopped it easily, for the caravan guard captain...

That would have been a sure kill, and if the strongest guard had fallen like that, the morale would have crumbled, making the rest easy to deal with.

Li Feng couldn’t help but imagine the grim future for the caravan if he hadn’t been here.

The captain finally exhaled, his face pale as he realized he had just escaped death. "Y-Young Master Li... thank you. If not for you—"

Li Feng dropped the arrow and waved him off lazily. "No need for thanks. Just focus on not dying."

His eyes then turned toward the bandits’ shocked

faces.

The scarred bandit leader gritted his teeth and shouted,

"Dammit, those bastards lied to us! Retreat!"

Their original plan had been simple—deal swiftly with the guard captain, then lure the female disciple into the woods.

He knew the one who fired the arrow was strong, far stronger than himself.

But after seeing their plan crumble in the very first step, he realized the man who had caught that arrow so casually... was far more dangerous than anyone they were warned about.

With his years of experience, his instincts screamed at him to retreat.

And he decisively gave the order and ran even faster than his subordinates.

The caravan guards managed to cut down a few of the fleeing bandits, but several still managed to slip away into the woods.

Seeing the bandits trying to retreat, Li Feng said softly,

"Goldie, keep the carriage safe. I’ll be right back."

Then his figure blurred, vanishing like a wisp of smoke.

He immediately appeared in front of the scarred bandit leader, who stopped in his tracks upon seeing Li Feng.

Cold sweat formed on the bandit’s back as he noticed the intimidating pressure slowly emanating from Li Feng.

Then, a calculative glint flashing in his eyes as he gritted his teeth and shouted an order,

"Come on, boys! It’s just one person—kill him!"

With that, the scarred bandit leader bravely charged at Li Feng with his blade.

The other bandits, seeing their fearless leader taking the lead, felt their blood boil and also charged forward.

Li Feng simply smiled as they approached.

To him, their movements seemed almost sluggish.

He casually threw a punch toward the leader, who seemed quite brave for a bandit.

Whoosh!

Yet his punch missed as the scarred bandit suddenly vanished from his spot, in his spot replaced by a talisman floating in the air.

Li Feng was slightly surprised as he recognized that talisman and didn’t expect a mere bandit to possess such a precious life-saving talisman.

BOOOM!

The force behind his punch created a shockwave that struck the unfortunate bandit standing behind where the scarred leader had vanished.

"Ufff—!"

The unlucky bandit’s chest caved inward as he spat out a mouthful of blood, his eyes widening in disbelief.

BAAAM!

A split second later, his body exploded into a bloody mess, splattering the nearby grass and trees red.

The other bandits immediately stopped in their tracks, falling silent at the spectacular sight.

Li Feng’s eyes widened slightly.

"So weak...?" he muttered, having casually punched without even using his full strength, yet the aftershock alone had blown that bandit to pieces.

"M-Monster!"

At the terrified shout from one of the stunned bandits, the rest scattered in all directions, fleeing desperately.

Li Feng didn’t chase them as he stared at his fist and couldn’t help but feel a bit disappointed.

"With these kinds of weaklings, I can’t even use them to test my strength... ah, but maybe they could be used for..."

Then he summoned his Divine Weapon, The Overpowered Brick, which had been absorbing and cultivating inside his room in the sect.

It immediately appeared in his hand.

Li Feng grinned and lightly tossed it up and down, feeling its weight.

"It’s your time to shine."

The Overpowered Brick, sensing Li Feng’s intentions through their connection, hummed happily and excitedly.

It was also thirsty for battle.

Li Feng then shifted his posture slightly, as if preparing to throw a baseball—but this time, with a brick.

He aimed at one of the bandits who was currently fleeing frantically.

Whoospp

The wind exploded as he threw the brick, sending it hurling through the air.

*Crack*

*Crack*

*Crack*

The tree in its path immediately snapped in half as the brick struck the back of the fleeing bandit.

"Eh?"

The bandit let out a dumbfounded noise, then his body also exploded into a bloody mess.

Li Feng then summoned the brick back into his hand, casually after taking another life, yet for some reason, he didn’t feel anything.

It wasn’t because Li Feng was cold or heartless but he simply understood that in this world, strength was everything.

If he were weaker, he might have died in their ambush.

And the entire caravan could have been slaughtered, and the women, helpless and defenseless would have been left at the mercy of these bandits, subjected to horrors far worse than death for as long as they lived.

So for these lowlifes who took pleasure in stealing and torturing others.

Li Feng didn’t feel even a hint of remorse.

"One down."

With that, he casually aimed at another one.

*Bam*

*Bam*

*Bam*

Soon, the continuous exploding sounds echoing through the forest ceased, as all the fleeing bandits were dead—except the scarred bandit leader and the unknown person who had fired the arrow.

Li Feng smiled, feeling the brick in his hand, as he realized that even if he missed slightly, the Overpowered Brick would adjust its trajectory and help aim toward the target.

It was like a homing brick...

"These bandits aren’t entirely useless—I actually learned something from this."

Then he closed his eyes as his powerful spiritual sense spread out like a web in all directions.

"...Found you," Li Feng muttered as he spotted the fleeing bandit leader.

Just as he was about to jump to chase, he paused as an idea flashed in his mind.

Li Feng then stared at the brick in his hand with a strange smile.

_

_

In the distance,

The scar bandit leader continued running without stopping, wishing he had another pair of legs.

"Haa! Haa! Curse those bastards! I shouldn’t have trusted them!"

He gritted his teeth in regret.

He actually wasn’t planning on robbing this caravan, as the location wasn’t too far from Cloudveil City.

But he had been approached by a masked group, who promised to pay him handsomely if he assisted them in luring out a female disciple escorting this caravan.

Of course, he had considered refusing, but under the subtle threats and promises of reward from the group, along with the assurance that everything in the caravan would be his to take so he agreed reluctantly.

He was then instructed to act as if he had accidentally stumbled upon the caravan by chance, while behaving like a typical bandit.

Their plan was to assassinate the strongest guard captain first, and then force the female disciple to act, so they can lured her to somewhere, but everything had already gone wrong at the very first step.

"Dammit... I actually have to use that precious talisman."

It was something he had stolen from a rich kids who was traveling.

Those shelter kids were so naive and easy to trick, that he managed to subdue those kids without them having the time to use the escape talisman.

He then grinned, still remembering those rich women’s screams, their soft tender bodies, and how they had been used by him and his men.

But the cold sweat running down his back brought him back to reality, and his face turned gloomy after realizing today’s loss.

"Hmph... whatever, as long as I survive this, I can continue—"

BOOM!

Before he could finish his sentence, something landed in front of him so hard that the ground cracked and dust exploded into the air.

He almost lost his balance from this sudden tremor.

"W-What?"

He was also scared out of his mind by the impact, then tried to clear the dust with his spiritual energy to see the cause of it.

Whoosh!

After the dust cleared, he noticed something lying in the crack of the earth.

He realized it was... a brick?

The scar bandit leader stared at it, a bit confused, when suddenly something appeared above the brick.

Then his knees trembled as he saw that monster again who suddenly appeared out of thin air.

"Wow, it actually worked? This could become quite a fast traveling method..."

Li Feng appeared, wearing a grin, facing the scar bandit leader who stood there dumbfounded.