Chapter 108: The Hunt Begin...(2)

"...Or you can call me by my other, rather famous name... the Mad Alchemist. "

Fen Ziyan suddenly froze after hearing the name and title , as she recognized it.

With a cold expression , she opened her mouth.

"To think a genius from Divine Blood Sect would actually dare to wander inside our sect’s territory... you demonic cultivator truly look down on us."

Mo Shuyan just smiled , seemingly unfazed by the hostile tone , and was about to reply when-

A fiery fist suddenly appeared in front of his face.

BOOOMM!

The explosion sent shockwaves outward , creating more smoke.

Yet the mist remained thick , unaffected.

After releasing her ranged attack , Fen Ziyan took out a communication talisman, trying to inform Li Feng about the situation.

But just then —

SNAP!

SPURT!

Red blood spurted into the air.

Fen Ziyan’s hand , which was holding the talisman , was pierced by something that burst forth from beneath the mist.

And the talisman was damaged as well.

"What?!" she exclaimed , opening her eyes in surprise to see a sharp tree vine piercing her hand.

Then, through the smoke, a calm but annoyed voice could be heard.

"...How rude. You righteous sect disciples are always like this.....attacking the moment we meet? Didn’t your sect teach you any manners ?"

Mo Shuyan could be seen remaining unscathed as a thick tree vine formed a barrier to shield him from Fen Ziyan’s attack.

Then the vines parted for him while he dusted the dirt from his clothes.

He turned to look at the communication talisman in Fen Ziyan’s hand and grinned.

"And I can’t have you do that... as the stage isn’t ready yet."

Fen Ziyan finally noticed the movement in the mist below and frowned.

She gritted her teeth and silently apologized to Little Ming and Little Mei , then thrashed her hand free of the vine , causing blood to spill from her wound as she leapt toward another building.

WHOOSH!

Little Ming and Little Mei’s bodies fell to the ground as the force from her jump pushed them aside.

Fen Ziyan landed on top of a building and looked down at the ground, where the mist was thick and many tree vines could be seen scurrying about like hidden beasts.

Seeing the villagers still acting strange, she turned toward the man responsible for all of this.

’I need to kill him...’

Instead of retreating, she began channeling her spiritual qi to full capacity.

Just now she’d sensed that this man was only at the 9th Realm of Qi Refinement like her, so it wasn’t entirely a hopeless battle ... she only needed to watch out for those weird tree vines.

"Wow, just when I praised you for being so caring toward a mortal child... tch tch , you really are a hypocrite ,"

Mo Shuyan mocked, shaking his head and then looking up with a grin.

"...Then it must mean you don’t care, right , if I do this?"

SLASH!

Little Ming and Little Mei who still standing there in a daze.....had their heads severed.

And the vines didn’t stop , as they pierced through the two children’s bodies and flung them about like toys in the air , taunting Fen Ziyan.

"You!! " Fen Ziyan’s eyes almost burned with anger as she shouted , and her spiritual qi erupted violently.

Seeing her fury , Mo Shuyan didn’t show any fear or try to take guard.

Instead, he smiled wider , and relishing in her intense anger.

He laughed and spread his hands wide.

" That’s right! Become angrier ! Hate me more ! Hate your powerlessness ! Let your soul burn brighter!! "

Just as he finished speaking,

A blazing ’sun’ descended toward him with tremendous force.

Fen Ziyan’s body , now bathed in flames , came crashing down from above, kicking toward Mo Shuyan.

BOOMM!!

But in the blink of an eye, another thick layer of vine barrier was formed, shielding Mo Shuyan.

KRAAAACK!

KRAAAACK!

But this time, however, the barrier began to crack and split as the intense flames burst through it.

Mo Shuyan, noticing the searing heat despite the shield, praised her with a calm, almost teasing tone,

"Such pure power and soul... you would make fine nutrition for my Divine Tree."

Fen Ziyan didn’t reply, then she stopped her kick midair and leapt directly above Mo Shuyan.

Twisting in midair, she gathered her all of her flame and spiritual qi into both palms.

A blazing lotus formed between them, before she strike struck downward —

"Heaven-Burning Lotus Palm!"

BOOOOOOM!!!

A deafening roar and a burst of bright flame swallowed the entire street.

The moment Fen Ziyan’s palms struck, a colossal lotus of fire blossomed beneath her, its petals unfurling with brilliance that turned night into day.

The explosion engulfed Mo Shuyan completely.

The surrounding mist seemed to ignite, boiling away into a torrent of flickering flames.

Roofs collapsed, and the ground beneath Mo Shuyan appeared to melt into glowing red cracks, with everything within dozens of meters becoming a sea of fire.

Fen Ziyan landed a short distance away.

Her chest heaved as she trembled, clutching her hand into a tight fist.

That had been one of her most powerful techniques, and she hadn’t held back.....she was going for the kill.

Looking at the raging flames, she couldn’t help but mutter aloud,

"...For an ’Emissary,’ he seems quite weak."

Fen Ziyan couldn’t help but think so, as from what she knew, any Emissary from an ancient demonic sect like Divine Blood Sect was a genius among geniuses , having apparently qualified for something that were extremely heaven-defying... though she didn’t know the exact details.

Then a voice, chilling enough to make her heart freeze, echoed through the flames.

"Weak ? Of course I am weak.... Unlike other brutes and schemers who love nothing but fighting, I am more sophisticated... smarter... with a bigger vision than them..."

A thick vine burst from the ground , gradually unfurling to reveal Mo Shuyan’s untouchable figure.

His eyes locked onto Fen Ziyan as he smiled.

"...And you... you are about to be a part of something great soon."

Seeing this , Fen Ziyan clenched her fist, stomped hard , and spread her legs, lowering her stance as she raised her fist toward Mo Shuyan.

Intense flames began to swirl , gathering around her fist, this time forming a massive fire lance.

The air seemed to burn , and the earth surrounding Fen Ziyan sizzled and cracked.

"Heaven-Burning Lance!"

With a roar that shook the entire village , she thrust it forward , the lance of flame piercing through the smoke and mist toward Mo Shuyan at terrifying speed.

SWOOSH!!!

Yet Mo Shuyan remained standing calmly , as if he didn’t care about the attack.

He shook his head and let out a sigh.

"Let’s end this , shall we? ... Come, Bai Qianlong."

BOOOMM!!

A massive explosion erupted once more, the surrounding houses completely collapsing from the sheer shockwave.

"Haa...! Haa...!" Fen Ziyan’s cold sweat ran down her temples as she clutched her chest, breathing heavily.

Releasing such a powerful attack multiple times had truly drained her.

She turned her head toward the smoke, hoping that the attack had been enough to finish Mo Shuyan off.

But soon , the sight made her feel helpless , as she stared dumbfounded at the tall figure who had suddenly appeared out of nowhere, standing in front of Mo Shuyan.

He looked to be in his late twenties, with extremely long black wavy hair, while his eyes remain closed, and with an imposing height.... that seem even taller than Li Feng.

And he currently wore a ragged cloth that revealed his steel-like , hardened muscles.

"...A Body Tempering Cultivator? " she muttered in disbelief, noticing the faint burn mark on his chest.

Apparently , this Body Tempering Cultivator had used his body to shield Mo Shuyan.

His massive frame seemed to absorb the lingering heat of Fen Ziyan’s blazing spear with ease, his chest rising and falling steadily , as if the inferno around him were nothing more than a gentle breeze.

"...That’s ridiculous... This... is no ordinary cultivator," Fen Ziyan breathed sharply , wondering what kind of body could be so powerful as to take her most devastating attack head-on with ease like this.

Soon, as the dust began to clear,

She saw the tall figure slowly walking toward her.

Fen Ziyan’s heart skipped a beat.

Her fists trembled slightl, not from fear but from the immense pressure radiating from him.

With every step he took, the earth itself seemed to groan beneath his weight.

Then, in the blink of an eye, the figure disappeared and reappeared immediately in front of her.

"Wha—!" Fen Ziyan tried to strike with her palm, but a punch landed squarely on her chest.

BAMM!

"Pffff—!"

She spat out a mouthful of blood, and about to be sent flying back from the impact,

But a rough hand immediately caught her by the neck and gripped tightly.

"Achh!"

Her body slowly rose high by the hands holding her neck. She gritted her teeth, struggling to pry free with her hands.

But the hand gripping her felt like a heavenly chain as she could do nothing but struggle, flailing her legs in the air.

"Bai Qianlong , don’t be so rough. She’ll be joining you soon, after all. You two are going to become brother and sister~,"

Fen Ziyan heard Mo Shuyan’s happy, casual tone from behind.

"Lower her down a bit, will you? " he added casually.

She felt the hand on her neck start to lower her body slightly.

RIP!

A breeze of air brushed against her bare back as her clothing was torn.

"Wow, such beautiful skin. Tch tch... truly worthy of being an immortal fairy."

Fen Ziyan gritted her teeth until the corners of her mouth bled, trying to kick Mo Shuyan, but the grip on her neck tightened, making it nearly impossible to breathe.

"Don’t struggle too much... you’re about to become one with something that none have ever seen before soon..."

Then Fen Ziyan felt a hand on her bare back, and soon her vision began to blur , as she felt suffocated by both pain and pressure from her neck.

Her mind involuntarily flashed to a shameless figure that is always on her mind...

"...Junior Brother Li ," she murmured softly.