Chapter 190: Camp (3)

Looking at the calm Li Feng, whose aura was slowly growing heavier and more oppressive, the bulky man swallowed hard.

His earlier rage twisted into a desperate fear.

"What are you all waiting for !?" he roared. "He’s just a single man....gang up on him !"

The disciples, still shaken by the sudden destruction of their comrade’s arms and the shattering of their swords, hesitated.

But they also knew that staying still wouldn’t make the situation any better either.

Then—

Two demonic disciples suddenly rushed forward, one swinging a blade crackling with red qi, the other holding a spear emitting faint sparks.

Li Feng’s calm gaze never wavered as he saw the two coming at him.

The sword wielder shouted, "Flame Fang Strike!"

A wave of red fire qi shot from the sword, cutting through the air like a blade of fire.

But at this attack, Li Feng’s hand flicked almost lazily, as if brushing away a fly.

CLANG!

His fingers caught the blade mid-air.

The metal bent backward with a shriek.

In the same breath, Li Feng stepped in, grabbed the disciple’s arm—

CRACK!!

The man’s arm twisted unnaturally, even bones can be heard snapping audibly.

"AHHHH!!"

He crumpled to the ground, screaming in agony from the pain as he look at the limb twisted grotesquely.

BAM!

Without letting him continue screaming, Li Feng casually kicked the man.

BAM!

The disciple’s body shot through the air, blood trailing behind him, before smashing into a nearby tree and splitting it clean in half.

The spear wielder gritted his teeth and tried to stab Li Feng from the side.

But Li Feng caught the spear with one hand, twisted it, and casually swung both the weapon and the man holding to it, sending the disciple flying.

BOOM!

The man crashed into a boulder, shattering it.

Blood sprayed from his mouth as he slumped, twitching before collapsing to the ground.

Seeing how easily two had fallen, panic spread.

The bulky man barked, shouting at the others to attack.

"Use ranged skills! Don’t let him get close!"

One of the disciple’s hands glowed red as he sent a sharp beam of fire qi straight at Li Feng’s chest.

Whoosh!

The energy beam tore through the air, looking capable of piercing anything.

BOOM!

It struck Li Feng’s shoulder, swallowing him in a burst of flames.

The demonic disciples sighed in relief after seeing this.

They all knew how lethal that sharp beam of fire qi could be as it was one of the most powerful spells when it came to piercing attacks.

It could even penetrate spirit armor easily... much less the flesh of a mere disciple.

The bulky man even smiled, sneering, thinking that this guy was truly arrogant to not dodge a single attack.

"Overconfident idiot—"

But the flames suddenly scattered, dispersing as if snuffed out by invisible pressure.

Li Feng stepped out with his muscular upper body bare while not a single scratch on him.

"Wha—?"

Suddenly, Li Feng disappeared and reappeared in the middle of their group.

He grabbed the disciple who cast the fire beam, yanked him forward, and—

BOOM!!

Slammed him into the ground like hammering metal.

"Gah—!"

The ground cracked under the impact.

The disciple coughed out a mouthful of blood, eyes rolling.

But then—

CRACK!!

SPURT!

Li Feng tore the man’s arm off.

"AHHHH!!!"

A scream ripped through the air, jolting the entire group into terror as they finally snapped out of their shock, staring at the bare-chested man up close while he casually ripped their fellow disciple’s limb off.

Up close, they finally felt the horrifying weight radiating from every sculpted line of Li Feng’s muscular frame....calm, silent, and utterly oppressive.

Then, the bulky man suddenly rushed at Li Feng and body-slammed him.

BAMM!

His muscles bulged as his aura flared with blazing yang qi.

"NOW! HOLD HIM DOWN!" he roared, holding tightly onto Li Feng’s torso.

Li Feng sneered as he looked down at the man gripping him.

Just as he was about to raise his arm—

Grip!

Grip!

Two more strong demonic disciples grabbed his arms, trying to hold him in place.

Their muscles bulged, their yang qi swirling like a violent storm as they exerted everything.

But Li Feng only stared calmly at their effort.

Then another disciple rushed toward him with a dagger—its dark red blade gleaming sharply, filled with murderous qi—as he thrust it toward Li Feng’s face.

BOOOM!

A sharp explosion burst point-blank, dark-red flames engulfing Li Feng’s entire head.

Upon seeing this,

The bulky man’s face reddened from exertion as he laughed.

"Hahaha! Good job—"

But then he noticed the strange expression on the disciple who attacked.

And he finally knew why.

As the flames dispersed...

Li Feng’s face appeared and was completely unharmed...with his teeth clenched firmly on the tip of the dagger.

"...!?"

The disciples holding him froze in terror.

The one who attacked turned pale, desperately trying to pull back his weapon.

But Li Feng jerked his head sideways, dragging the disciple toward him until their faces nearly touched.

Then Li Feng smashed his forehead forward against that disciple head.

BAMMMM!!

A shockwave rippled out.

The disciple’s eyes widened as his skull visibly dented.

Blood spurted from his eyes and nose as he smashed into the ground.

The disciples restraining Li Feng were stunned.

Before they could react, terrifying force surged from the limbs they were gripping.

Li Feng lifted his right knee and slammed it into the bulky man’s chin.

BAMM!

CRACK!

A sickening crack echoed as the man’s head snapped upward.

Without pause, Li Feng freed his right arm, then swinging his fist sideways—

BAMM!

SPURT!

Blood sprayed as the disciple’s lower jaw was completely ripped off, and his body flying through the air.

The last disciple clinging to Li Feng’s left arm froze, mind blank.

’What kind of monster is this..?’

He didn’t get to wonder for long.

Li Feng turned his head, his calm eyes meeting the disciple’s panicked ones.

Then—

CRACK!!

Li Feng jerked his arm upward with a violent twist.

The disciple’s wrist snapped, then his elbow bent backwards, and finally his entire body spun as he was flung to the ground like a ragdoll.

BAM!!

"GAHHH!!"

He screamed as his arm hung at a disgusting angle...twisted into something inhuman.

Li Feng didn’t even glance at him.

His eyes locked onto the bulky man bending below him, who was barely standing, face mangled while his body shaking.

"You... y-you monster...." the man choked out, blood dribbling through the broken remains of his jaw as his mouth hung open.