Chapter 123: Sacred Seven-Color Lotus

"Li... Feng!!"

A soft and beautiful female voice that sounded youthful echoed through the silent hall.

With that, the massive seven-colored lotus slowly began to bloom as radiant beautiful light lit up the dark hall.

Soon,

A small, delicate white hand reached out.

The skin of that small hand was extremely pure and smooth, as if it had been crafted and blessed by the heavens themselves.

Then the radiant petals slowly peeled away to reveal the figure of the owner of that hand.

A naked petite little girl that seemed to be in her 14 , with a beauty that looked like it could topple a kingdom alone, could be seen lying on her back in the middle of the lotus.

Her pure white hair shimmered with seven colors as it spread out like a starry wave.

Her pure-white eyelashes trembled as she slowly opened her eyes, revealing irises formed of seven shifting colors from the lotus... before they finally settled into a beautiful purple.

Despite her angelic beauty and sacred, ethereal presence....

Her expression was anything but angelic.

It was twisted with rage and hatred.

"Haa... haa... Li Feng...!" she gritted her teeth, her small, apple size breast rising and falling due to her emotions.

The beautiful young woman slowly stood up, revealing her perfect, toned body with delicate white legs, a small curvy waist and hips that not too big and not too small, everything balanced as if crafted with divine precision.

"Damn you... everything I’ve been working on is gone!"

The girl let out a cute yet angelic voice as she cursed Li Feng.

But she suddenly paused and looked at her own now small hand with a frown.

Then she glanced at her chest and saw the bulging white flesh there.

Confusion flickered across her face.

She poked the soft mound....then squeezed it experimentally.

"... What?? Why is it so... big ?"

Her frown deepened as her fingers sank into that impossibly soft and tender flesh, then her expression torn between disbelief and confusion.

Suddenly, a noise came from above.

click...

click...

click...

Something seemed to be moving in the darkness of the ceiling.

Soon, something slowly lowered from the ceiling... and it was a dragon’s head.

The girl, who was frowning turn her head and saw the powerful dragon head and immediately noticed something.

She bowed lightly, pressing her hands together.

"Greetings, Venerable Centipede..."

With her words—

Drip

Drip

Drip

Trickles of blood began to fall as the dragon head moved forward, revealing... a huge jaw currently eating its head from behind.

Soon, the figure hidden in the darkness was revealed.

It was a massive dark centipede head that seemingly even larger than the dragon.

Its dark scales blended seamlessly into the shadows, sharp and intimidating.

Only its enormous head was visible , while the rest of its body concealed in the darkness.

"Ah? You’re awake? It seems my job here is done..."

A kind, elder voice came from the huge jaw as it paused its chewing.

"...Yes, Venerable. But where is my master? And why did she construct a female body for me???"

The little girl asked, her tone full of confusion.

"Her? She wandered off somewhere again. She paid me to guard the Sacred Seven-Color Lotus....And regarding your body...? I don’t know, but that’s probably your master’s weird taste..."

Hearing this, the little girl frowned and her eyelid twitched, knowing that with her master’s personality... that was quite possible.

Then she finally glanced at the dragon head.

She couldn’t help but be amazed as dragons were quite rare and extremely powerful.

Even with just its head alone, she could still sense the terrifying aura radiating from it.

As if sensing her thoughts, Venerable Centipede let out another gentle voice.

"You must be wondering about this head, right? Haha, it was a gift from the Third Emissary... That kiddo sure knows how to curry favor with us old folk. He even knew that I like eating dragons... he must have want my assistant for the upcoming hunt...."

The little girl who heard this sneered in her heart.

To her, every other emissary was an opponent and a rival she had to surpass if she ever wanted to reach that...

Venerable Centipede then looked at the small female in front of him and asked,

"Ohh... should I call you Mo Shuyan or...?"

But she replied immediately.

"Mo Shuyan."

Hearing this, Venerable Centipede shook his massive head and kindly advised,

"Ah... you should know that the lotus didn’t completely resurrect you. It merely copied your past soul into its creation, that’s all... So in a sense, you are a new person, with only the memories of Mo Shuyan."

Mo Shuyan, upon hearing this, simply bowed politely.

"Thank you for your advice, Venerable. But I don’t care whether I’m a copy or the original. To me, I’m still Mo Shuyan."

Seeing this, Venerable Centipede didn’t say much before continuing.

"Well, it’s up to you... And your master told me to inform you that after your resurrection, you should hide here for now and solidify your foundation. Otherwise, if others see your new body, they might try to make you into their cauldron.... And don’t worry, I will protect you temporarily, since she paid me for that as well..."

Mo Shuyan couldn’t help but twitch her beautiful eye when she heard this, her expression slowly darkening with anger.

"Hmph! I want to see which bastard dares have the gut to turn me into his cauldron!"

Above her, Venerable Centipede just let out a small sigh as he stared at those petite and perfect body.

"The body born from the Sacred Seven-Color Lotus truly is extraordinary... If I were human, even I might want to eat you..."

Mo Shuyan’s eyes turned serious when she heard this as she fully understood the implications of the Venerable Centipede’s words.

If she went out now ... it wouldn’t be her peers she needed to fear but the ancient monsters who might take an interest in her body.

She couldn’t help but glance at her new form, wondering what kind of extraordinary body her master had prepared for her.

’If only this body wasn’t a female....’

Her master had only told her that she would have a chance at rebirth after death and that she could do as she wished.

That was why Mo Shuyan had been so daring, wandering far and wide without restraint.

Thinking of the past, then the face of Li Feng appeared in her mind , the one responsible for killing the real her.

’Li Feng—!’

Just as anger began to filled her mind again.

Suddenly , her legs tremble and her body start quivering as if instinctively afraid of the image of his cold, emotionless face looming over her with his bloody fist rise high.

"W-What?" She swallowed nervously as cold sweat appeared, her breathing growing ragged.

Venerable Centipede, noticing her reaction, asked.

"What’s wrong?"

Mo Shuyan took a deep breath.

"...It’s nothing, Venerable. Perhaps my new soul hasn’t fully adapted to my memories yet..."

Venerable Centipede upon hearing this said nothing further, only offering another advice.

"You can rest in the lotus... it will help your body improve and solidify everything... before it turns to dust."

Hearing this, Mo Shuyan nodded and bowed before lowering her lithe body slowly back onto the lotus.

Just as she was about to drift into slumber, she murmured while her white eyelashes slowly closing,

’ Li Feng... just you wait. After I’m done here, I will make sure to exact my revenge on you...and I will make you regret even living...’

Then her consciousness faded.

Mo Shuyan didn’t seem to think much of the tremor earlier as she truly believed it was just a small problem related to her new soul adapting to her memories.

...But in truth, the trauma Mo Shuyan experienced before death, from Li Feng’s raised fist had left quite a big mark.

As Mo Shuyan even had developed some PTSD just before his death... and now it had transferred to her new soul and body.

Seeing the Sacred Lotus close once more, Venerable Centipede slowly retreated back into the darkness of the ceiling and resuming his feast in peace.

_

_

_

Meanwhile,

Inside a dark forest,

A small cave can be seen that seemed to have been recently dug out.

Goldie could be seen standing guard outside, beside the cave entrance that appeared pitch-black.

But if one were to look closely, they would notice a formation covering the entrance, blocking any view inside.

And once past that formation, the scene and atmosphere inside of the cave was completely different.

It wasn’t pitch black at all, but softly lit with a faint yellow glow from a single small candle.

The candle flame swayed back and forth, as if a gentle breeze lingered nearby, along moving shadows danced across the walls.

Plap...!

Plap...!

Plap...!

The naked back of a man could be seen, his muscles so well-defined that they seemed sculpted by an experienced craftsman.

Behind him on the ground, a set of beautiful women’s clothes and undergarments lay scattered messily.

He was currently kneeling on a soft mattress, his waist moving steadily, while a pair of fair and tender long legs draped over his shoulders.

The raised, pale legs were so smooth and white they looked like they belonged to a well-fed rich young miss, and those cute tiny toes on those jade-like legs kept curling tightly together—as if their owner was experiencing something intense.

Every time the man move his waist, a wet flesh colliding sound resound out inside this dimly lit small cave, along with a melodic yet suppressed small moan.

Suddenly, the moving shadow stopped—

"Acho!"

Li Feng sneezed to the side and rubbed his nose, looking confused.

As a cultivator, he shouldn’t be catching any common sickness like a cold.

’Eh? Did someone talk behind this father back?’

Before he could think further, a soft, breathless voice rose from beneath him.

"...Haa... haa... J-Junior Brother... is something wrong...?"

The voice was gentle and sweet to the ears, but clearly strained, as if its owner was running out of breath.

"Ah, it’s nothing."

Li Feng smiled casually and slowly resumed moving his waist movement.

His attention returning to the breathtaking sight below him.

There,

with misty eyes and a beautifully flushed face, lay Fen Ziyan who was completely naked with her smooth white skin exposed entirely to his greedy gaze.

"Ahh~ haa... ahh...!"

Her soft, trembling cries filled the cave once more as her voluptuous body resume to shake helplessly beneath Li Feng’s firm hands.

He savored the tight, wet sensation enveloping his little brother, and his eyes greedily traced the alluring curves of her big breast...those soft, full flesh with that small pink beads bouncing sensually under his rhythm.