Chapter 174: Arrived and unexpected trouble.

Li Feng stumbled slightly as the portal closed behind him.

The world around him shifting violently before stabilizing into the dense, endless forest.

"Hmm?" He blinked slightly at the dense spiritual energy in the air.

The thick spiritual energy was so rich, so potent, that it made his skin tingle, his blood hum, and his body tremble as it greedily absorbed it.

He also noticed that it seemed to be different from normal spiritual energy, almost carrying an ancient kind of feeling.

"Just by staying here and cultivating, one’s cultivation would already improve significantly," he murmured, even feeling that he was about to break through to the 9th Realm of Qi Refinement.

He lifted his head, scanning the surroundings.

And all he could see was ancient trees towered overhead, their bark covered in thick moss, and strange, glowing fungi clung to the roots and crevices.

Li Feng frowned slightly and jumped up onto a nearby huge tree as he looked at the surroundings from the top.

"...This place is a bit too big."

He stared dumbfounded at the vast green as far as his eyes could see, with nothing but trees and mountains.

He then looked up and saw a normal sunny sky with clouds, while blinking in amazement when he realized there seemed to be a sun and clouds.

"This is almost like a real world itself."

Li Feng sighed and frowned, wondering how to find Yue Lan in this vast land.

He thought it would be easy with his strength to traverse the realm, not thinking it would be this stupidly vast.

Now, he could only go by feeling and hope to bump into her.

"Well, Senior Sister is pretty strong herself too, so it should be fine for the meantime."

Li Feng knew that despite being so easily pushed around beneath him, Yue Lan herself was a formidable cultivator.

Even before meeting him, she was already a rising genius and even managed to become the second strongest outer sect disciple, so he should have some confidence in her.

Whoosh

"Hmm?"

Just as he was lost in thought, he turned to look in one direction as he felt something approaching fast.

Then suddenly, a huge shadow leapt out from the thick bushes, its claws outstretched and its mouth wide open, full of sharp teeth aimed at Li Feng.

"Roar!!"

It roared fiercely as it tried to bite his head off, its massive body smashing straight into Li Feng.

Boom!

The earth cracked as dust filled the area.

Finally, after the dust cleared, the shadow’s full figure was revealed.

It was a black leopard-like demonic beast and not an ordinary one, but one with a massive body even taller than Li Feng himself.

Its aura was powerful and fierce, seeming to be a peak Rank-1 demonic beast.

Considering that this world was restricted up to the 9th Realm of Qi Refinement, this beast was probably an apex predator here.

But that apex predator was currently frozen, its yellow eyes staring dumbfounded at the prey that had suddenly barged into its territory.

"Oh? It didn’t really hurt... it feels like itching."

A casual voice echoed out before the beast, which was still frozen.

Its sharp, reliable teeth, ones that had always managed to tear prey apart easily were completely ineffective.

Instead, it felt pain spreading through its teeth, as if it had bitten into solid rock rather than flesh.

Below—

Li Feng stared curiously at his arm, which was currently stuck between the beast’s fractured teeth.

He finally realized something that his body was strong—no, it was pretty much invincible now against those in the Qi Refinement Realm.

Since he was always fighting those in the Foundation Realm, it was hard to estimate his strength against opponents in the same realm.

"It seems my body is truly strong. As thanks for reminding me... I’ll make it a quick death."

Just as his words ended, he casually threw a punch with his other free arm toward the beast’s abdomen.

BOOOM!

A violent shockwave erupted outward.

The ground trembled violently as the beast’s massive body exploded into a mist of blood and flesh.

It died without even letting out a single sound, nor was it able to use its innate abilities.

And just like that, the apex predator of this area was gone....killed by a single punch.

"Eww... this is gross."

Li Feng, now covered in blood, looked disgusted as he hadn’t expected the beast to die by exploding like that.

"It seems I have to adjust my strength a bit when killing," he murmured as he used a cleansing spell on himself.

As the cleansing light continued to wash over his body, Li Feng suddenly thought of Goldie.

That fellow seemed to have taken a liking to staying inside the Divine Brick.

Through his connection with the Divine Brick, he noticed that the space inside seemed to be filled with pure spiritual energy, not much worse than the one here, and was quite suitable for cultivation, which Goldie had started to like.

What surprised Li Feng slightly was that even the Divine Brick itself seemed to have changed.

Its aura felt sturdier, more complete, and when he nudged it with his will, it responded eagerly and even able to fly on its own with noticeably greater strength than before.

"Looks like you’ve been eating well too," Li Feng muttered with a faint smile.

The cleansing light faded, leaving his body and robes spotless.

Satisfied, Li Feng picked a random direction and began walking forward, with relaxed and unhurried step.

He originally thought it would just be a simple stroll through the forest and easy trip.

However—

An unexpected problem soon appeared.

....It was the kind of problem that made even someone like him feel... extremely frustrated.

_

_

_

Just like that, a few days passed quickly inside the secret realm.

Early morning.

BOOOM!

Birds were startled into the air, flapping away in panic, while nearby demonic beasts fell deathly silent, instinctively hiding as far as possible from the source of the disturbance.

The source of the explosion was a man in a white sect robe, currently standing atop rubble that appeared to be the remains of a huge boulder.

He appeared to be in his mid-twenties, with a well-defined body and a refined face.

He had black hair and eye as deep as the night itself.

Right now, those black eyes were filled with frustration as he looked at his unscathed, clenched fist, still brimming with power.

"Damnit!"

Li Feng cursed angrily as he gritted his teeth.

At this moment, he was facing an unexpected problem....one he had never thought of before, nor seriously considered.

And that was... his rising desire.

Yes.

That exact kind of problem.

Right now, he was extremely horny due to the rampant vitality produced by his fifty-two stars automatic cultivation which now refusing to give his body any peace.

He had almost forgotten about this issue, as he had constantly been surrounded by women and spent every day indulging himself while he was in the sect.

And now his body was overflowing with yang energy, so dense and potent that Li Feng was confident even a ghost would be injured if it dared to absorb it recklessly.

Back in the sect, this had never been an issue.

Women were always around.

Days were indulgent.

Nights were... productive.

But now—

He was in the secret realm.

One with a vast, cursedly enormous forest.

And not a single woman in sight.

So until now, he hadn’t been able to release these pent-up desire for days.

"And these beasts are too weak!"

Li Feng growled, recalling every demonic beast he had encountered so far.

One punch.

Sometimes two.

Everything ended before it even started.

He had thought of using battle to release his pent-up desire, but it only became more frustrating day by day.

"...Do I really need to use my hand?"

Li Feng muttered unwillingly, glancing down at his old, reliable hand.

But he shook his head almost immediately.

"No."

He had sworn long ago....that his seed would only be released for a worthy woman.

Letting out a long sigh, he rubbed his forehead.

"...But where am I supposed to find anyone in this stupidly vast forest?"

Li Feng had been wandering for several days now, and he hadn’t met a single soul.

Either he was extremely unlucky, or this place was just that huge.

Other than that, the past few days had been surprisingly bountiful for Li Feng.

He had managed to find several rare spiritual herbs and plants, even some cleverly hidden where most cultivators would never notice them.

He had already stored all of them inside the Divine Brick, and it seemed Little Ling was quite happy to receive them.

Thanks to his Alchemist talent, spotting such hidden herbs had been almost too easy for him.

To ensure he didn’t miss anything valuable, he had already upgraded his Alchemy to Rank 2, which now giving him an even sharper edge in detecting those valuable hidden spiritual plants.

But with each passing day, his desire kept rising, and it started to feel uncomfortable,...like there was an itch somewhere in his heart that he couldn’t scratch.

Just as he was starting to feel frustrated and depressed, a subtle sound reached his ears.

With his terrifying senses, he managed to make out roughly what was happening far away.

"...Footsteps? No, it feels like a beast is chasing someone," he murmured as he glanced to his left.

Then he smiled excitedly and headed toward that direction.

Even if it wasn’t a female cultivator...

No matter what, at least he had finally managed to find a fellow cultivator.

Soon, with his speed, he managed to locate the source of the disturbance, and his eyes brightened as he noticed it really was a fellow cultivator—a beautiful female disciple at that.

But he didn’t move immediately, choosing instead to quietly observe from a distance as a small, shameless smile tugging at his lips.

....Right now behind the thick bush, he looked like a patient predator watching its prey.