Chapter 65: Training Fen Ziyan

After Li Feng and Fen Ziyan returned back to his place, the quiet space suddenly became filled with heat once again.

"Ha~Ah...Ah~"

"Uhh..."

A woman’s soft, melodic moans currently filled the room, followed by a man’s rough breathing.

Fen Ziyan who currently moaning with pleasure as she lay on her back on the table, her upper robe completely pulled down, revealing her generous jade-like breasts that bounced wildly from Li Feng’s thrusts.

*Plap*plap*plap

He currently held onto her soft thigh tightly, as her leg raised high over his shoulder.

"Uhh..."

Li Feng soon feel the familiar rising sensations and didn’t say anything, only continuing to thrust harder and faster before releasing everything deep inside her.

*Spurt!*

*Spurt!*

*Spurt!*

"Haa..haaa... hehe..."

Fen Ziyan currently held onto the table with her hands, her legs trembling while raised high, and face flushed yet smiling smugly as she felt the hot essence swimming inside her again.

’Junior brother Li sure release alot...it must mean he like my body~’

*Plap...*

*Plap...*

After finishing releasing everything with a few more strong thrusts, Li Feng slowly pulled back and admiringly looked toward Fen Ziyan on the table, who was smiling to herself and daydreaming about something again, with her large white breasts hanging out and legs spread wide.

’What is this stupid woman thinking about again? Well, whatever, since I can enjoy myself without thinking too much.’

Li Feng started to feel hot again, thinking he could do whatever he wanted with this brilliant senior sister of his, who, for some reason, was trying so hard to please him right now.

He then took something out of his storage pouch and showed it to Fen Ziyan, who was still lost in her thoughts.

With a voice no longer hidden by desire,

"Senior Sister Fen, this is my gift to you... Please wear it, as it would truly please me to see Senior Sister accept my gift."

Fen Ziyan, upon hearing his request, turned her attention to the white transparent nightgown in his hand.

It was the nightgown Li Feng had commissioned to be made during his trip to Cloudveil City.

’I planned to give this to Senior Sister Yue, but... Right now, this woman is truly driving me crazy and I will have a few more made soon anyway...’

Fen Ziyan noticed the design seemed quite... lewd, and at first she was hesitant.

To her, as a princess, it felt inappropriate to wear something like that....she would have rather be completely naked.

But after hearing Li Feng’s words about how pleased he would be, her hesitation vanished as her mind switched immediately, and she no longer hesitated.

With a voice as if she were doing him a favor, she spoke with a strange proud smile on her lips.

"Hmm~ since it’s your first gift, then I’ll help fulfill your wish."

Fen Ziyan got up, took the nightgown from Li Feng’s hand, and headed toward the folding screen beside the bed to change.

Watching her plump peach sway enticingly as his seed slowly trickled out of her, Li Feng simply smiled and sat back on the bed, waiting patiently.

’System... upgrade 3 more stars...’

[Ding!]

[It will cost 300 Favor Point to upgrade!]

[Confirm?]

’Yes, confirm.’

Li Feng gave the command and confirmation, as he plan to have a blast and... to train his personal "seed dumpster" a bit of manners today.

[Ding!]

[Congratulations Host! For successfully add 3 more stars!]

Soon, he saw another three new stars form inside his Starforge Body.

As the star energy swirled within him, a radiant glow emanated from his body, casting a mesmerizing light around the room.

The newfound three stars pulsed with power, resonating with the existing ones in a harmonious dance of cosmic energy.

As his total number of stars now reached ten, the desolate and empty universe inside the Starforge Body seemed to become a bit more lively, even though it was just a faint glimmer of change.

And Li Feng’s body began to change subtly, his muscles tightening and becoming more defined, giving him the appearance of a well-built man in his early thirties who seem to had spent some years honing himself.

He could feel the power surging through his veins, mixing with the familiar heat of desire, making his whole body tingle with strength and...horniness.

’This kind of strength....truly is addicting’

He started breathing heavily, waiting impatiently for Fen Ziyan to come out, his little brother already hardened as if it had just powered up too.

Soon, Fen Ziyan slowly came out, wearing the semi transparent nightgown that barely hid her white skin underneath.

She blushed and try hugging her body as if trying to hide her skin under the see-through nightgown, which had the completely opposite effect because her action cause her ample breasts to pushed up even more, and Li Feng noticed at the front of the breast part seemed to have a small slit that could be opened for easy access to her pink bead.

Li Feng grinned wide at the sight.

’So this is what they call a lewd princess?’

"T-This... How do I look?" Fen Ziyan noticed Li Feng staring intently at her and tried to straighten her back a bit, proudly showing off her new look.

Li Feng swallowed hard, finally taking in the full view of her body—the way the semi transparent nightgown clung to her curves, and the V-string panties that accentuated her plump peach shape even more.

’She looks like a... prostitute...’ he thought, unable to hide the mix of shock and desire in his gaze.

But outwardly, he forced a smile and praised her.

"Of course, Senior Sister, you look truly beautiful in that... just as I expected."

Fen Ziyan’s smile widened proudly at his words. As she lifted her gaze, she then noticed Li Feng’s little brother already rising again, her cheeks flushing slightly at the sight.

"Hehe~...I guess you telling the true~"

With a coquettish voice, she walked toward Li Feng, while swaying her hips seductively, and then slowly sat on his lap with her back to him.

"..!"

Li Feng seemed surprised by the new, strange sensation that is a combination of soft silk against her smooth skin.

Unable to hold back any longer, he hugged her tightly, feeling her warmth and the softness pressing against him.

"Ah~" Fen Ziyan gasped a little, feeling Li Feng’s hardened little brother pressing against her plump backside. She shivered as his breath brushed against her shoulder and he nuzzled her neck, inhaling her soft fragrance.

"Hmm~" Fen Ziyan seemed almost drunk on the sensation of being lightly clothed but still feeling his heat. She felt his hand slowly moving up, as if it wanted to cup her heavy breasts.

Then she gently stopped his hand and whispered.

"Junior Brother Li... Am I beautiful...? Am I amazing...?" Fen Ziyan’s eyes turned misty, clearly seeking his praise.

Li Feng, of course, didn’t care much about praising words that he could say as many as he wanted since it doesn’t cost anything.

To him, using some cheap words to make this senior sister spread her legs obediently is a steal deal.

"Senior Sister Fen... you’re amazing... beautiful... and brilliant..."

Fen Ziyan’s expression seemed drunk and intoxicated, as his praise acted like a drug, bringing waves of happiness to her hollow insecurities.

Slowly, she loosened his hand.

"Ah~" She immediately felt his rough hand kneading her breasts, shaping them in different ways. Then, a sudden breeze brushed against her pink bead as it was exposed through the slit in her nightgown.

"Umm~ Junior Brother sure loves... breasts."

"Of course... It’s every man’s dream—especially a pair this irresistible and perfect. I could never get tired of playing with them my entire life."

Li Feng continued whispering sweet words as he played with her heavy, soft breasts.

He bounced one breast up and down like a ball, while kneading her exposed pink bead with the other, treating her breasts like his toy.

"Ah~ Ah~" Soft, intoxicated moans kept slipping from Fen Ziyan’s lips.

After playing with her body for a while, Li Feng decided to use this amazing body to soothe his raging desire and stood up, and pushing her to bend onto the bed while her leg remained on the floor.

Fen Ziyan just smiled and obediently bent her upper body lower, while raising her backside high and swaying it seductively.

Li Feng’s eyes already turned red as he looked at the V-string panties on her plump, white peach. He immediately readied himself as he lowered his body slightly and he roughly tugged the thin string aside, exposing her wet pink slit, already glistening in anticipation.

"Ahh~!" Fen Ziyan gasped, her body trembling as the cool air brushed against her most intimate place. She looked back over her shoulder, flushed and breathless, a mischievous, intoxicated smile on her lips.

"Junior Brother... hurry... put it in..."

Li Feng hearing her impatient tone, he grinned and grab her soft waist tightly before ramming himself into her in one fierce stroke.