Chapter 244: Aftermath.

Meanwhile, at the camp of the Devil Yin disciples,

Some corpses could still be seen lying around, the ground dyed red with blood.

The atmosphere had become silent now that Goldie and Yao Xin were gone.

Suddenly, the few nearby tents in the distance fluttered as their entrances parted.

A few heads cautiously poked out from each tent as they looked around.

All of them were male disciples who had been captured by the Devil Yin Sect and had been used as furnaces for the past few days.

Right now, they were all naked, their bare chests exposed to the cold air.

One of them was, surprisingly, Wang Chen....the fellow disciple from Azure Moon Sect that Li Feng knew, who had once helped him with some advice in the library.

Wang Chen’s face looked a bit pale at the moment, both from the weakness of being drained by those vixens and from the devastating scene before him.

"Brother Wang... are you okay?"

Suddenly, another male voice was heard.

Wang Chen didn’t answer immediately.

His eyes remained fixed on the battlefield outside.

Broken trees.

Scorched earth.

And corpses everywhere.

It looked less like a fight...

And more like a natural disaster had passed through.

He swallowed hard.

"...I’m fine," he finally muttered, though his voice was hoarse and weak.

Then he looked toward the person who had called out to him, who was also naked and poking his head out.

He was a handsome man with a muscular build and slightly tanned skin.

He was a disciple from the Earth Dragon Sect, which was quite well known for body tempering mixed with standard cultivation.

They had a saying: Build the body and the soul, and you shall become an immortal.

...Of course, Wang Chen knew that it was just a way to lure innocent disciples into their sect.

If everyone could become an immortal so easily, then there would probably be countless immortals already.

"Do you know what happened, Brother Kong?" Wang Chen asked.

Kong Min shook his head.

"I don’t know either. All I heard were the terrifying screams of every demoness dying." Then he let out a pitying sigh.

"Such bad timing. I was kinda having a rather enjoyable time..."

Wang Chen, who heard this, looked strangely at Kong Min.

Not only him, but the other male disciples listening nearby also looked at him...

...Like they were looking at a lunatic.

After all, who would enjoy having their hard-earned cultivation and life force being absorbed and used?

Kong Min sensed the others’ gazes and threw up his hands.

"Hey, don’t look at me like that! You all have no idea how good these demonic disciples are at sucking!"

Then he grinned, remembering the time.

"If you cooperate with them, they even offer some heaven-defying services... and since I’m dying anyway, I might as well enjoy whatever time I have left."

At his words,

Wang Chen opened his mouth, then closed it again. He really couldn’t rebuke that... but agreeing with it also felt wrong.

After all, righteous sects and demonic sects had been enemies since ancient times.

In the end, Wang Chen simply shut his mouth and pretended he hadn’t heard anything.

After surveying the area for a while and seeing nothing wrong, they slowly came out one by one.

All of them were half-naked and pale-faced, still not fully recovered after being used as furnaces for many days.

Those vixens were like hungry beasts, each taking turns every day to devour their yang and qi without rest.

Kong Min, who had already found some ragged cloth and tied it around his waist, whistled as he looked around the camp once again.

"Damn... such brutality..."

His usual carefree expression faded a little.

The entire place looked like hell had descended.

Tents were torn apart.

The ground was cracked and blackened, as if lightning had struck repeatedly.

Several trees had been snapped in half like twigs.

And everywhere was blood.

Not a few drops.

But almost like pools.

The metallic smell hung heavy in the air, making their stomachs churn.

One of the younger disciples couldn’t hold it in and immediately turned aside to vomit.

"W-What kind of monster did this...?" someone muttered.

"No idea..." Kong Min scratched his head. "But whoever it was... they wiped out the entire Devil Yin camp alone."

That realization sent a chill down everyone’s spine.

Those demonesses weren’t weak.

Even drained as furnaces, they knew how terrifying those women could be.

They were cruel, cunning, and ruthless.

Yet now—

They were the ones being slaughtered like chickens.

Wang Chen sighed.

"Well, at the very least, we should be thankful for whoever or whatever did this. Otherwise, we would’ve been drained until not even bones were left."

All of the male disciples nodded.

Kong Min then turned toward another camp where the demonic disciples had kept the female disciples they had captured.

He wasn’t sure why they hadn’t killed the women, but at least no one had died.

Soon, the camp grew lively again as all of the captured disciples were freed and began discussing among themselves what to do next.

But then all of them froze as they saw a figure walking toward them.

"...A puppet?"

Wang Chen murmured as he watched the puppet that seemed to be damaged in some parts of its body.

Even the color of the wood seemed a bit off in some areas, as if its body were made of different types of wood instead of a single material.

Kong Min and the others all became alert, as they could all feel something strange about this puppet.

Now it had appeared out of nowhere right after the massacre so naturally, all of them grew nervous.

But then Wang Chen raised his hand.

"Wait! I think... it wants to give us something?"

He spoke hesitantly as he saw the puppet seemingly carrying a... letter?

Seeing the puppet stretch the letter out in its hand toward them, Wang Chen hesitated for a moment before stepping forward to take it.

After he took it, the puppet turned its back and disappeared into the forest.

Kong Min, who was prepared to jump in to help Wang Chen if anything went wrong, came to his side.

His eyes never left the spot where the puppet had disappeared as he asked,

"What is that?"

Wang Chen didn’t reply as he began to unfold the letter.

And what greeted him was—

"What an ugly handwriting..."

Wang Chen murmured before squinting his eyes, trying to read it bit by bit.

By the end of it, he slowly exhaled and let out a sigh of relief before smiling.

Seeing this, Kong Min grew even more curious, but before he could ask, Wang Chen replied,

"No need to worry. That puppet is friendly...it belongs to a fellow disciple from my sect."