Chapter 214: Faithful Duty (3)

Li Feng grinned, feeling the softness and suppleness of that flesh rolling in his palm.

According to his expertise with breasts, he immediately judged this pair to be of high quality ....and definitely one with a promising future.

Ever since he had started indulging himself with these female disciples, he almost didn’t want to go back to mortal women anymore.

It wasn’t just because his strength had increased to the point where mortal women probably couldn’t keep up or satisfy him.

It was because of a simple difference: with these female disciples, with their cultivation and durability, he could go all day and all night without worrying about injuring them.

Of course, he still needed to feed them recovery pills occasionally ...but even that problem had been solved by the healing properties of his dual cultivation technique.

So now,

If his partner’s body was filled with pure spiritual qi from dual cultivation? Then he could indulge in their mortal flesh without using the technique.

If his partner grew tired? Fine, fill her up again and use his technique to let her recover, and she would come back even more energetic than before.

It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that, from now on, his nightly activities would only get better with his immortal-grade dual cultivation technique.

’Ah~ Truly worth it.’

Even though a thousand Favor Points was a lot for him at the moment, with all these benefits, it was truly a purchase he didn’t regret.

_

_

_

As he weighed and bounced that large breast up and down with one hand and lost in his day dream, Li Feng finally noticed something as he looked around the area.

"Speaking of which, where are Ye Shuang and Ling Lin?"

He still remembered the easily love-struck junior sister and his first attendant in this secret realm.

Both of them are also the only disciples in his group from Waterflow Sect, a beautiful and obediant one at that.

And Li Feng planned to indulge in Ling Lin next, and after training her a bit, if there was still time left, he intended to have a foursome tonight with Ning Jianli, Jing Lu, Ye Shuang, and Ling Lin.

It wasn’t a random combination, as he wanted to enjoy the soft, flowing bodies of the Water Flow Sect disciples alongside the firm yet supple body of the Heavenly Sword Sect disciple.

There were even... some secret things he wanted to try out.

As for the other female disciples, he planned to take it slow, enjoying them one at a time.

He loved to savor the fresh "meal" gradually rather than rushing through all of them at once.

And it wasn’t as if they were going anywhere as they would have to return to him, since he was now their base.

Jing Lu who was curiously watching her breasts being handled, looked up at him.

"Them? Oh, Ye Shuang went to explore the area around here, and Ling Lin left a moment ago. She said she was worried about Ye Shuang and went to find her."

Hearing her words,

Li Feng paused for a moment, closing his eyes.

Almost immediately, his terrifying spiritual sense spread outward and quickly locating both of them a few distance away.

They looked a bit dirty, as if they had rolled in the dirt, but both were smiling, clearly happy with whatever they had discovered, as they made their way back.

Seeing they were fine, Li Feng just smiled and resumed his "appraisal" of the fresh pair of breasts before him.

Still, his mind wandered.

Even with a group of disciples helping him search with Goldie, he knew it would be better than before.

But he still wanted to increase his efficiency even further.

Yue Lan was extremely important to him, not only because she was his first woman but also because he himself had grown fond of her cold yet innocent temperament.

Not to mention she was his favor target, which make even more sense for him to go the extra mile to find her quickly.

He was also looking forward to melting Yue Lan’s emotionless face again....only this time with his Sovereign Harmonious Guiding Art.

With this immortal-grade dual cultivation technique, nothing would be able to save her... not even her emotion-suppression technique.

Just as he was grinning lewdly, he shook his head as he needed to solve the problem of finding her first.

’But how can I increase my manpower even further...?’

Recruiting other righteous sect disciples was an option.

He could pay them handsomely, and they surely wouldn’t refuse since it was just a matter of finding a person and reporting back.

But that method depended on how many other disciples he could actually find in this large realm, as it could be a few, could be many, or... even zero.

The reason he managed to find this group of female disciples was largely due to luck and also because the demonic cultivator had helped capture them.

Judging by Ning Jianli’s explanation about herself back in the cave, it seemed that the Fire Yang Sect had their own methods or techniques for finding other female disciples which was why their group got easily subdue one by one.

Li Feng shook his head.

It wasn’t that he rejected the idea, he would do that too but right now he wanted to increase his searching power by adding more man—

"...Man? Manpower...?"

Li Feng seemed to think of something as he murmured.

One of his hands stopped bouncing and playing with Jing Lu breasts as he rubbed his chin thoughtfully.

Jing Lu noticed that he was deep in thought, so she said nothing, letting one of his arms remain draped over her shoulder as his hand continued grasping her breast.

Suddenly—

Li Feng grinned, gripping the soft flesh a little more firmly, excitement flashing in his eyes as he finally figured it out.

’Ah... such a simple solution.’

He squeezed that soft flesh even more as he smiled.

’I could just make more puppet...’