Chapter 246: Aftermath (3).

Slurp...

Slurp...

Soft, rhythmic, wet sounds of sucking echoed out as Jing Lu’s head slowly bobbed up and down at Li Feng’s crotch.

"Ugh~"

Li Feng grunted, feeling her tongue and suction at work around his little brother.

While one of his hands played with her drooping breasts and the other kneaded Ling Lin’s lazy peach, Li Feng felt like he was in heaven and couldn’t help but praise Jing Lu.

"You sure have improved, Junior..."

He truly meant that praise, as he could tell that just from one night of intensive training, the way her mouth moved made it look like she had a lot of experience.

Hearing his praise, Jing Lu’s eyes seemed to smile.

She felt as if all the hard work had paid off.

Then she began to work even harder, remembering what Ye Shuang had told her....that Li Feng loved to release by mouth every morning.

Li Feng just relaxed while enjoying the dedicated and devoted service from Jing Lu.

Soon, his waist twitched slightly as he neared his peak, and Jing Lu recognized the twitch, beginning to bob her head up and down even more frantically.

Gulp...!

Gulp...!

Gulp...!

Spurt!

Li Feng grunted and released his morning seed without any care, as if he were simply relieving himself.

Jing Lu, meanwhile, felt that familiar hot liquid slowly filling her mouth again. She began to do the extraction step, moving her head slowly while her cheeks seemed to hollow as she increased her suction force.

Meanwhile, her small hands weren’t idle either; with her delicate fingers, she rolled those soft balls as if massaging them to coax out every last drop of seed.

After a few minutes had passed,

"Ahh~" Li Feng gave a sigh of relief, feeling his little brother’s first load of the day being sucked dry.

Jing Lu also leaned her head back as she released that large, wet, veiny flesh from her mouth, then closed her lips and covered her hand over it elegantly before swallowing.

"Gulp..."

After swallowing everything, Jing Lu licked her fingers to clean off the remnants.

But at that moment—

"Ah?"

She was pushed onto all fours as she raised her plump, white peach high.

Looking back and seeing Li Feng’s lewd smile as he already aimed his little brother at her entrance, Jing Lu smiled seductively, then relaxed and swayed her shapely rear enticingly.

Her heart couldn’t help but feel a faint anticipation, both from the dual cultivation and the pleasure that came along with it, not to mention that she would also help and repay the favor back to Li Feng.

Just as she felt the hot tip touch her slit entrance, something felt off: Li Feng didn’t press further.

Jing Lu glanced back at Li Feng and saw him frowning slightly. She couldn’t help but ask,

"What’s wrong, Senior Brother?"

Li Feng slowly eased his frown and sighed.

"Something came up with my puppet."

Then he smacked that plump white peach, causing it to ripple beautifully.

"Seems like we’ll have to continue another time."

With that, he slowly got off the bed, got dressed, and headed out.

Jing Lu, seeing this, gave a regretful expression before looking at Ling Lin, who was still sleeping.

"I guess I’ll sleep a bit more..." she murmured.

Even though the dual cultivation with Li Feng had been extremely effective, it was also very straining for their meridians and bodies.

Right now, she still felt her body craving rest, but seeing Li Feng already brick up made her feel as if she had a duty to relieve him.

Soon, she dropped back onto the bed and enjoyed her rest while inhaling Li Feng’s lingering scent.

"Mmm~"

Li Feng arrived at the entrance and casually pushed the sealed rock aside with ease.

He could feel all of his puppets had returned, waiting for him outside—even the one that had almost been destroyed.

He couldn’t help but want to check what had happened; after all, they were like little Ling children to him.

Soon—

Crack...

Thud.

Li Feng walked out and squinted slightly at the sudden brightness.

Following the scent carried by the morning mist, his eyes couldn’t help but blink at what lay before him.

He was dumbfounded by the scene...

_

_

_

At the Devil Yin Camp,

The blood had already dried, stains visible everywhere.

The atmosphere was silent as the other captured disciples had already left the area, seeing no point in lingering at this massacre ground anymore. They still wanted to explore the secret realm.

But this time, instead of going their separate ways, all of them had formed a group in case they got ambushed by demonic cultivators again.

Rustle...

Rustle...

Suddenly, one of the bushes at the edge of the camp moved, as if someone was sneaking behind it.

Then a head popped out, looking at the camp with cautious eyes.

"...Heavens..."

It was one of the female disciples from the Devil Yin Sect.

Her face, once arrogant and sharp, now looked pale.

Anyone with eyes could see—

This wasn’t a normal battle.

...This was a massacre.

Tents shredded.

Ground split open as corpses lying stiff like broken dolls.

"...Who could have done this...?"

Her voice was barely a whisper as she murmured.

She wasn’t originally part of the group settling down here, as she preferred to hunt alone.

The only reason she came here was because—

Screechhh...

Screechhh...

An insect screech suddenly sounded as she looked at her hand.

The worm-like insect in her palm twisted violently, almost biting into her skin as it tried to escape.

Its body pulsed red.

Like a tiny heart.

It was a worm-like insect, currently squirming, as if it wanted to go somewhere in the distance.

Seeing this, the female disciple’s eyes narrowed slightly, and a greedy smile slowly surfaced as she realized she was nearing her goal.

Soon after following the insect’s reaction for a while, she arrived at a devastated clearing, as if everything in the area had been attacked.

But what caught her attention wasn’t the surroundings—

It was a single corpse lying in the middle of the clearing among the cracked earth.

It was Yao Xin’s corpse.