Chapter 312: Reunion with Goldie.

Shen Jia followed the direction of Liu Yanyue’s gaze, and her heart thumped violently.

’When did he get there!?’

A tall figure slowly emerged from behind the trees, his black robes fluttering lightly in the morning breeze.

His face remained hidden beneath a loose hood, yet his mere presence made the air feel heavier and more oppressive.

"..."

Goldie scanned the surrounding women before its gaze finally landed on Yue Lan in the distance.

Its golden eyes brightened slightly.

It still remembered its master’s words clearly to find and protected Yue Lan.

And Li Feng had even instructed it to come here right before he was teleported away through their connection, just in case something went wrong.

Jian Ruyi, who recognized Goldie, quickly stopped Liu Yanyue and Shen Jia from raising their guards.

"There’s no need to be on guard. That is Li Feng’s puppet."

She had already met Goldie once, back when Li Feng was setting up formations around the camp, so she wasn’t surprised.

However, remembering the memory of those enjoyable days with him made her eyes dim with sorrow.

She couldn’t help but wonder why fate was so cruel to her.

Not only had she lost her mother... now her husband was gone so soon as well.

Jian Ruyi gritted her teeth as her gaze turned darker and sharper.

’... It all comes down to me being too weak.’

Liu Yanyue didn’t notice Jian Ruyi’s darkening expression.

She stared at Goldie in astonishment.

"A puppet?"

She was shocked.

Even without close inspection, she could tell this thing was extremely dangerous.

Just then, Yue Lan slowly opened her eyes after sensing the commotion and a gaze upon her.

Her pair of golden eyes met the glowing golden gaze of the puppet.

Yue Lan blinked once, then whispered softly "...Goldie?"

After all, she had spent quite a long time in Li Feng’s residence and knew about this strange puppet.

Even though its appearance had changed as it was now much taller, bulkier, and far more oppressive.... she still recognized it.

Goldie walked slowly toward her and nodded gently.

There was something unusual in its movements.

It wasn’t just acknowledging its master’s target... it almost felt like it was seeing a familiar person after a long time.

Goldie almost felt like yesterday that it had watched this woman riding his master wildly... or his master riding her every single day.

But then,

Yue Lan’s usually emotionless face suddenly showed a flicker of realization from Goldie appearance.

"Could it be..."

Meanwhile,

Liu Yanyue and Shen Jia watched the silent exchange between Yue Lan and Goldie as if the two were having a wordless conversation.

"...What are they doing, Senior Sister?" Shen Jia whispered.

Liu Yanyue could only smile wryly.

"Who knows? Maybe silent types have their own language."

Just as they were wondering what to do next, they heard Yue Lan speak.

Though her voice remained cold and emotionless on the surface, they could clearly sense a new liveliness and brightness beneath it.

"Come. We have dallied here long enough."

Yue Lan had already arrived in front of them, with Goldie silently following behind her.

"Sister Shen, you mentioned that Li Feng created a camp for all the righteous disciples to take refuge in, right? Take me there."

Shen Jia blinked at the sudden change, but she nodded hurriedly. "Yes!"

Yue Lan gave Shen Jia a small smile before finally turning to the silent Jian Ruyi.

She stepped closer and gently hugged the petite girl, whispering something into her ear.

At her words, Jian Ruyi’s sharp gaze brightened noticeably.

"...Really?"

"Mhm."

Yue Lan nodded gently.

"So that’s why... we should prepare for when he comes back."

Jian Ruyi gripped her sword tightly and nodded with solemn determination.

"That’s right. I need to hunt down all the demonic disciples before then!"

Yue Lan blinked, wondering what exterminating every demonic disciple had to do with anything, but she simply shook her head.

"Come, let’s go."

With that, the group set off toward the camp under Goldie’s protection.

_

_

_

Meanwhile, inside the Divine Brick.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

Li Feng stood in front the recliner chair, while frantically thrusting his hips forward while gripping a handful of Shui Ruo’s silky black hair like rein.

He was taking her roughly from behind, her voluptuous body on all fours atop the soft cushion. His eyes were locked on that plump, snow-white peach as it rippled beautifully with every powerful collision of his hips.

Suddenly—

[Ding!]

[Congratulations, Host! You have obtained 100 Favor Points!]

"Huh?"

Li Feng blinked at the sudden notification, his thrusting pausing mid-motion.

"Hic...Haa..."

Shui Ruo’s mind was completely lost in a thick haze of alcohol and carnal pleasure.

A thin trail of drool slipped from the corner of her lips as her body went limp and slumped forward.

Her eyes were glassy and utterly drunk.

But Li Feng firmly gripped her hair, stopping her from collapsing and clicked his tongue in annoyance.

"Tch... I was hoping these points would keep dropping generously like before for a few more days..."

He sighed. "Well, no matter. I already have plenty of favor points."

With that, he turned his full attention back to the thoroughly drunk, voluptuous woman beneath him.

Li Feng still couldn’t quite believe how obsessed this woman was with wine.

If he hadn’t taken the wine away earlier, she really might have drunk herself to death.

With a firm tug on her hair, he pulled her upper body upright.

However, there was no strength left in her limbs as her body felt weak and limp.

Using his thick little brother still buried deep inside her as an anchor, Li Feng wrapped one muscular arm tightly around her waist while his other hand slid up to grasp her slender neck.

He squeezed her cheek gently and turned her face to the side.

Seeing that beautiful, hazy blue-eyed face flushed with drunken pleasure, another wave of desire surged through him.

He leaned in and kissed her greedily, devouring her small mouth.

Slurp...

He could still taste the lingering fragrance of wine on her tongue.

Then, as if on instinct, Shui Ruo’s tongue began to move, intertwining with his as though she were desperately trying to steal the wine back from him.

"Mmm..."

Without breaking the deep kiss, Li Feng slowly began rocking his hips again.

Right now, Shui Ruo’s soft, voluptuous body had zero strength left.

It felt less like mating and more like he was using a life-sized toy to satisfy his lust.

After a long, intense kiss and many deep thrusts, Li Feng finally grunted and released another thick load inside her.

Spurt!!

Shui Ruo’s already blank mind felt as though another bolt of electricity had shot through her brain.

Her intoxicated thoughts drowned even deeper as more drool spilled from her lips.

Li Feng released the kiss and stopped supporting her upper body.

He gripped her delicate waist with both hands instead, letting her torso fall forward onto the recliner.

"Ugh..."

He closed his eyes, focusing on the pleasure as he rolled her soft waist around as if using her body to squeeze out every last drop.

A few minutes later, Li Feng slowly pulled out.

His thick length glistened with their mixed fluids.

He let out a satisfied exhale, finally releasing his grip and allowing her fully body to slump fully onto the soft cushion.

"Hic...Haa~..."

Shui Ruo’s cheek pressed against the sheets, her mouth slightly open as her breathing ragged and uneven.

Her snow-white back was covered in a thin layer of sweat.

A thick stream of white essence immediately leaked from her swollen folds and dripped onto the sheets below.

Li Feng watched the lewd sight with dark, satisfied eyes before giving her plump, healthy peach a light, possessive slap.

Smack!

"Rest for now, my little drunkard. You’ve earned it."

He stood up completely naked and stretched his body.

The top of the Divine Tree was quiet, save for the soft, exhausted breathing of the woman beneath him.

Li Feng walked over to the small table, picked up the bottle of remaining spiritual wine and took a long swig.

Then the fiery liquid sliding down his throat.

"Puha~ So this is what it feels like to drink alcohol right after carnal pleasure... It’s truly an experience."

Li Feng grinned and wiped his lips.

For some reason, he felt that becoming a wine master hadn’t been a waste at all.

Even though he wasn’t much of a drinker normally, but enjoying wine after working his body so hard gave him a strange sense of freshness and fulfillment.

"So that’s why they say the essence of an enjoyable life is sex, alcohol, and good food, huh."

He glanced back at the unconscious beauty.

Her long black hair was a mess, sticking to her damp skin.

Even in this state, her beauty was breathtaking... especially the way her body still twitched occasionally from the aftershocks.

Li Feng’s gaze darkened with renewed desire, but he shook his head.

"No. I need to check on the situation outside first."

He closed his eyes and connected his senses with the Divine Brick.

Soon, the view became clear and all he could see was darkness and solid rock.

It seemed the entire space had collapsed, and the Divine Brick was now completely buried.

"Hmm... Well, it shouldn’t be a problem if we just focus on digging ourselves upward."

He thought but another issue quickly arose.

The Divine Brick was indeed a powerful defensive and utility treasure, yet in terms of raw strength and power, it was severely lacking.

At this slow climbing speed, who knew how long it would take to break free.

"Should I go out and dig manually?"

He thought about it, then shook his head.

The Divine Brick was fully buried.

He wasn’t sure what would happen if he created a large hole in this depth with his body.

He might be able to wriggle through with raw strength, but the surrounding earth might not hold.

In the worst case, it could collapse even further, causing him to fall deeper.

For once, he didn’t want to risk going anywhere that immortal monster might be underneath the earth.

Just as he was pondering how to speed up the digging, Little Ling finally noticed that Li Feng had stopped "playing that game" with that woman.

A small branch stretched down and gently poked his shoulder.