Chapter 91: Madam Yan (4)

"Mother, are you there?"

Zhou Wenhai carefully parted the tent flap and stepped inside.

The scent of wine hung thick in the air as his father was slumped over the table again, snoring softly, face red and lips slightly parted.

Zhou Wenhai sighed and shook his head.

’Again? Father really did love his wine, even though his tolerance was pitiful....’

He gave a small, weary smile.

It wasn’t the first time he’d found this scene and likely wouldn’t be the last.

To him, it was just another familiar evening at home.

"Weird... where’s mother?" he murmured, glancing around as he had something important he wanted to discuss with her.

His eyes flicked toward the curtain hiding the bed.

"Maybe she’s resting?" he thought, stepping closer but before he could reach the curtain, a soft, breathless voice came from behind it.

-

-

Meanwhile,

When Zhou Wenhai just step inside the tent,

Madam Yan, her body still bent over the bed, stared at the man who was greedily sucking on her breast.

She tried to straighten up but failed miserably as her body had no strength left and the hot, hard length still stirring inside her made it even worse, as every small movement sent a jolt of electrifying pleasure straight to her head.

"P-Please stop, my son is here!" she tried to plead, her voice trembling as Li Feng’s tongue kept circling her sensitive bead without pause.

Li Feng didn’t take his mouth off her breast, while glancing up and seeing her pleading expression, he smiled, pulled out a flawless-grade recovery pill, and stuffed it into her mouth.

"Mmhhm?" Madam Yan’s eyes widened in surprise as the pill suddenly slipped into her mouth, and she unconsciously swallowed it.

Almost instantly, a wave of warmth spread through her body, and her strength began to return.

Madam Yan was dumbfounded, unable to comprehend what kind of pill could be so effective so quickly.

But with her son heading closer, she didn’t have time to question it.

She hurriedly straightened her back, trying to sit up and face Li Feng, except his face was still buried in her breast, sucking greedily like a hungry baby.

Li Feng then waved one of his free hands and deactivated a small part of the sound-canceling formation, then returned to hugging this mature and soft body tightly while his tongue continued sucking those delicious bead.

Madam Yan didn’t have time to complain and hurriedly spoke, and holding Li Feng’s head while his hot little brother was still deep within her.

"...U-uh, son, I’m here... is there something you need?"

-

-

Zhou Wenhai stopped in his tracks when he heard his mother’s voice, which sounded different than usual.

He tilted his head, wondering if something was wrong.

"Yes, Mother, I want to talk to you about something... but are you alright? Your voice sounds so weak," he asked worriedly, unable to imagine that his proud and elegant mother, the same woman who had always taught him about dignity and wisdom, was currently spreading her legs for another man while her breasts were being devoured.

"...I’m alright, just a little drunk. Your father kept insisting I drink since it’s his treasured wine... So, what did you want to discuss?"

Madam Yan’s soft voice floated through the curtain.

Zhou Wenhai nodded in understanding, recalling how he too was sometimes pulled into drinking by his father whenever a new prized wine appeared.

"I see, Mother," he replied with a smile, his eyes brightening as he continued, "And it’s actually nothing much... I just wanted to ask about that fairy from the sect..."

"...A-ah?" Madam Yan’s voice broke in surprise immediately after he spoke.

Zhou Wenhai tilted his head at the sudden reaction, worry creeping in again, "Mother, are you sure you’re alright? Should I ask a servant to bring some refreshment?"

"N-no need, I just feel a bit dizzy..." Madam Yan gritted her teeth, replying while sneaking a glance down at Li Feng, who was still busy sucking her breast.

Just now, after her son finished speaking, the hard, hot length buried deep within her seemed to grow slightly, stretching her from the inside even more as if it had just become more excited.

"Is that so? Let me know if you want some refreshment," Zhou Wenhai said, still unaware that anything was amiss, and accepted his mother’s words at face value.

Ever since he was young, his mother had always guided him, and he had always trusted her words, because most things always turned out just as she predicted.

To him, his mother was a wise figure: not only capable, but also exceptionally intelligent, knowing far more than he ever could.

Even on the most important business matters, his father would always seek her opinion before making a decision.

With a shy smile, he continued, "About that fairy... is there any chance I could... er... become her companion?"

Zhou Wenhai felt a twinge of embarrassment as he asked, wanting to seek his mother’s wisdom regarding his first love.

Ever since he first laid eyes on her, his heart had raced almost immediately.

Fen Ziyan’s proud presence, seductive yet youthful body, and her beautiful yet arrogant face struck his heart that had never experienced love before like lightning.

Meanwhile, Madam Yan, hearing the adoring tone in her son’s voice, smiled wryly and let out a sigh as she shook her head.

’Maybe he’ll have a chance after he passes the sect recruitment... but now..’

She knew it would be extremely difficult for a mortal to court an immortal fairy, especially someone as beautiful and talented as Fen Ziyan.

Even if he managed to become a disciple, he would likely still fail.

Not only was it difficult for a female to be courted, even male disciples were hard to sway.

As most sect disciples didn’t want to waste their precious time on fleeting mortal feelings and indulgences.

So if her son thoughts kept lingering on mortal desires, he wouldn’t progress far in cultivation.

’The only exception is this guy...’

Then she glanced down at Li Feng, who seemed to ignore everything else, while his mouth stuck to her breast like a leech.

The only reason she dared to seduce and strike a deal with Li Feng, who seemed quite talented in cultivation and also an alchemist was because a friend had informed her of Li Feng’s fondness for women and said the chance of success was high.

’Hmph... she should have mentioned Li Feng’s capabilities in the bed...’ Madam Yan thought, silently complaining that her friend had left out such important information.

And not only because of Li Feng’s weirdness and his talent as an alchemist that she decided to risk herself becoming another man’s toy.

Madam Yan’s eyes glinted with intelligence and shrewdness as she finally smiled softly.

It was also because her years of experience and judgment told her that Li Feng was somewhat special.

If Li Feng turned out to become powerful in the future, her son would have a backer in the sect, giving her less worry for him.

Plus, if during this time of spreading her legs for Li Feng she managed to become pregnant with a talented child, she would still consider it not a loss.

Unlike her husband, whose vision was narrow and focused only on getting richer, she had bigger ambitions.

Her goal was to one day elevate her family into a cultivation lineage so her descendants could pursue the Dao in her stead.

This dream had taken root when she was young, after failing the sect recruitment yet catching a glimpse of the mysterious Dao during the test.

It had since become a kind of obsession in her mind, though she knew she would never come close to achieving it herself.

So she decided,... if she couldn’t reach the Dao, than her descendants would do it for her.

That’s why, after careful thought, she didn’t see any downside in this deal as she only had to sacrifice a bit of her time, and in the end, she would benefit far more.

As for her husband’s feelings?

Madam Yan didn’t think much of them.

In fact, she even believed her husband should thank her if the family became powerful in the future.

Despite her intelligence and wisdom, she didn’t seem to notice that her sense of value was a little... twisted.

Of course, if Li Feng were to learn of her plan, he would immediately praise her foresight and declare her a genius worthy of the heavens.

But Madam Yan didn’t know, that her quick plan today actually managed to yield quite a result, as she truly managed to create a cultivation family in the future, even going further than she had expected.

In the distant future, after countless dynasties and sects had risen and fallen, her family clan continued to exist.

Though weaker than many others and battered by the passage of time, they endured.

Simply because no one dared to cause trouble, and many even went out of their way to curry favor with them.

And the reason?

It was simply because Madam Yan, the ancestor of the Yan Family, actually had a connection with a...

.....Star Sovereign.