Chapter 223: Dual Cultivation and Carnal Indulgence

[Recommend to check out Ling Lin and Jing Lu portrait first before starting the Chapter so ahem for better visualization.]

_________________

Inside the cave,

Li Feng didn’t waste any time.

He immediately pulled Ling Lin close and kissed her, his hands already growing restless as his large, rough palms roamed over her soft, shapely peach of their.

"Hmm~"

Ling Lin was a little surprised at first, but her body softened almost instantly under Li Feng’s obvious desire.

Her face flushed red, her eyes turning misty.

Slurp...

Slurp...

She responded obediently, parting her lips and opening her mouth to accept his tongue.

Meanwhile, Jing Lu, who was beside Ling Lin, didn’t seem to mind Li Feng taking Ling Lin first.

She watched with a small, knowing smile.

Then her eyes gleamed as she remembered one of the tips Ning Jianli had given her.

Slowly, her hand began to caress Li Feng’s crotch, which had already formed a large tent some time ago.

Jing Lu’s eyes widened slightly as she felt the rough hardness and heat, even through the cloth.

With curiosity filling her gaze, her delicate hand began to move slowly and gently up and down along the hard length, pressing and stroking through the fabric.

Li Feng breathing grew increasingly rough, as his tongue moving more violently inside Ling Lin’s mouth.

Ling Lin’s eyes turned misty as she subconsciously wrapped one arm around his neck, while her other hand slowly slid into his robe, feeling the hard, firm chest beneath.

Jing Lu also noticed that Li Feng’s little brother seemed to grow harder and harder.

’If it’s already like this... I wonder what it feels like to touch it directly.’

Without wasting any time, she slipped her small hand into his lower robe and grabbed it directly.

Li Feng’s body twitched as he felt a soft, cold hand grab his little brother.

"...Hot!"

Jing Lu blinked in surprise at the heat and hardness she was now feeling firsthand.

Just as she was feeling it slowly in her hand, Li Feng suddenly removed his hand from her peach and reached toward Ling Lin’s chest, roughly pulling down her upper robe.

Her generous, ample white breasts spilled out, along with that small pink beads visible atop them.

Squeeze

Li Feng’s large, rough palm immediately grasped them as the pale, soft flesh spilling over his fingers.

"Umm~" Ling Lin moaned slightly, feeling his rough hand on her breasts again.

Her own hand, tucked inside his robe, began to move around, and soon she found a stiffened bead.

Remembering what Ye Shuang had told her about pleasing senior brother Li, she gently rolled it and pinched it.

"Ugh..."

Li Feng grunted slightly, feeling the small finger on his nipple.

His eyes seemed to burn as desire flared, and he grasped her stiffened pink bead in turn, causing Ling Lin to moan once again.

Meanwhile, Jing Lu, who had been released from Li Feng’s grasp, slowly knelt down as she removed his lower robe, revealing the grotesque, hardened flesh pointing directly at her face.

She looked at it with fascination.

"It’s... kinda cute..." she murmured.

Unable to help herself, she poked it slightly and watched it twitch.

But Jing Lu knew it wasn’t the time to play around, as she had to do what she had been taught next to make sure Senior Brother Li was pleased.

Slowly, she tucked a strand of hair behind her ear, parted her small red lips, and began leaning down toward the tip.

Smooch~

After a short kiss, she began to slowly take the length into her mouth, bit by bit, her cheeks stretching wider and wider.

Slurp...

The veiny length gradually disappeared, like a prey being slowly swallowed by a snake.

Soon, Jing Lu’s lips reached the base of Li Feng’s groin, completely enveloping the large, long flesh.

"Uhh~"

Li Feng groaned in pleasure, feeling that warm wetness completely envelop his length as a soft tongue gently licked along his shaft.

"Puha~"

Li Feng broke the rough kiss without stopping the movement of his hands.

One hand continued pinching Ling Lin’s pink bud, while the other firmly gripped the back of her hair.

Ling Lin, whose eyes had turned misty, looked a little confused by the sudden release.

She couldn’t help but crave it again—

That desire, that suffocating intensity, and... his attention.

With misty, pleading eyes and a soft puppy-face, she instinctively tried to chase his lips again, only for his grip on the back of her hair to hold her firmly in place.

Unable to move closer, she resorted to subtly grinding her hips, wordlessly offering herself, appealing for his attention.

Li Feng ignored this needy junior sister pleading and turned his attention downward.

Seeing that beautiful face with puffed-up cheeks as she swallowed his length completely, Li Feng couldn’t help but feel a surge of amazement.

Usually, women taking his little brother into their mouth for the first time struggled to handle his size as they could barely manage half and needed quite a long period of patient training before they could take him all the way in so easily and effortlessly.

Of course, Li Feng had no idea that last night Jing Lu had already thoroughly trained her throat.

...As for exactly how she had practiced, Jing Lu preferred not to mention it.

Even for her, the memory was a little too embarrassing.

Looking up from below at Li Feng’s lewd, excited smile, Jing Lu’s eyes curved into gentle crescents, as though smiling back.

She could feel it .... all her hard work had finally paid off.

’Now then... time to move.’

Squelch...

Slowly, she drew her head back.

The thick, veiny flesh now glistening and coated in a thick layer of her saliva gradually emerged from between her stretched lips.

Gulp!

Then she pushed forward again, taking him deep in one smooth motion.

Li Feng’s eyes fluttered shut as a low groan of pure pleasure escaped him.

His hand, still resting on Ling Lin’s soft, large breasts, began to knead the smooth flesh even more roughly.

Each firm squeeze drew a sweet, muffled moan from her lips, right next to his ear.

Meanwhile,

Jing Lu kept doing that slow back-and-forth movement with her head...

After a few times her throat got used to the thick thing inside it.

Soon, her head started moving in a nice sexy rhythm.