Chapter 132: Pure Carnal Pleasure.

"I’m sorry, Madam," Li Feng said calmly "I’m afraid I can’t accept these conditions."

Madam Zhu froze when she heard this refusal.

"T-This..? Can you reconsider, Young Master Li??"

She hurriedly grabbed the hand that was kneading her bare breast and pushed it even tighter against her soft flesh.

Slowly, desperation began to rise as she lost her confident tone.

Li Feng was her only chance left right now for securing the hope of getting a Foundation Pill within her family capabilities.

If she wanted to purchase it from the Alchemist Guild or the Medicine Valley, the price was extremely huge, and her family wouldn’t be able to bear the cost.

She had seen many cultivation families without a Foundation cultivator slowly decline until they vanished, and thinking of the same future for her own family—

Zhu Yin truly despised and rejected such a future, so that was why no matter what she had to do today, she must make sure Li Feng agreed.

" Young Master Li, please let me know if there is anything we can work out!"

Li Feng, sensing the urgency in her voice and the small trembling hand holding his, looked at this gorgeous matriarch and grinned inwardly.

’Hehe, time to harvest...’

Outwardly,

Li Feng let out a small sigh.

The hand that had been overflowing with her warm and soft flesh slowly loosened it grip as he pulled it back.

Seeing this,

Madam Zhu heart sank, and her face slowly turning pale as she thought her last hope had failed once again.

But then her dejected expression froze at his next words.

Li Feng grinned inwardly, his eyes lingering on the depressed, mature and temptingly hot woman in front of him and continue,

"Madam Zhu, don’t be sad. I didn’t say I wouldn’t help you."

Hearing this, Madam Zhu slowly lifted her head and looked at Li Feng then she ask hesitantly,

"...What do you mean, Young Master Li?"

Li Feng put on a benevolent expression and explain.

"I don’t mind helping you ... but I just want to change the terms of the conditions a bit."

Madam Zhu’s eyes slowly brightened, realizing she still had a chance to strike the deal.

"Please! Let me know your terms, Young Master Li."

Hearing her excited tone, Li Feng smiled gently with a kind expression.

"Actually, I don’t want the compensation. Instead... I want you— or to be precise, I need your help with your mortal body."

Madam Zhu, hearing this, blinked her eyes and couldn’t help but think she heard wrong, so she asked again for confirmation.

" You mean... you don’t want the compensation and only want my mortal body? And what do you mean by needing my help?"

Li Feng just sighed softly and moved his chair closer to her.

" Madam, to be honest, we can consider ourselves friends, so that’s why I don’t mind helping you if it’s within my abilities. And I don’t want my friend family to lose too much, as I know it must be hard for a declining family."

Madam Zhu, hearing this, trembled slightly and couldn’t help but think that Li Feng was truly a kind person that he even considered her family’s situation.

’...A friend,’ she murmured inwardly, a complex emotion flickering in her eyes.

She had experienced and seen a lot, and understood how cruel and selfish the cultivation world could be.

.... And even she herself was the same, as she tried to take advantage of Li Feng.

So now, seeing that Li Feng didn’t attempt to exploit her situation to gain more benefits, and instead was willing to help simply because he considered her a friend, she felt a faint sense of shame.

Madam Zhu sighed softly.

A person who valued friendship the way Li Feng did was truly rare.... such a man could even be considered a treasure in his own right.

’ ...It seems that despite being such an odd person, Young Master Li is still a great man who truly cherishes friendship...’

If Madam Zhu was a Favor target, Li Feng would have seen a notification about getting more Favor Points at this moment.

Li Feng, unaware of her spiraling thoughts, smiled as he pulled her soft delicate waist into his arm and pointed with his other hand at his already-hardened little brother, which was now forming a clear tent in his groin.

Madam Zhu, who saw this, blinked her eyes, wondering what Li Feng meant.

"I actually have this rare condition where my yang energy is constantly overflowing..."

Li Feng sighed as if he felt a bit ashamed, "...so that’s why I hope to change the terms a bit. And that, I hope you can help me deal with this whenever I need..."

Hearing this, Madam Zhu finally understood why Li Feng seemed to still like to indulge himself so much in mortal pleasure.

’...So it’s like this.’

After he finished explaining, his hand grew mischievous again.

He reached up to her bare, plump breasts and began toying with them while letting Madam Zhu think things through.

Madam Zhu didn’t care or bother stopping the wandering hand as she fell into deep thought.

And no matter how she considered it, the deal really did seem good for her.

Now she only needed to provide the ingredients ... and let him borrow her mortal body to relieve himself of that excess yang energy.

’...Ah, if that’s the case then we would be helping each other and might even grow closer.’

Even though she wanted to be sincere with Li Feng, it was still hard for old habits to die.

Then her foxy eyes glinted a bit as a thought arose, and she looked at Li Feng with a smile.

"Please, Young Master, I’m honored that you think of me as a friend. This is a great term for us indeed. I accept it, and as a friend, you can definitely ask for my help whenever you need!"

Madam Zhu thought that with this term, she would now have a connection with a future master alchemist... and possibly a future powerhouse as well.

Plus, for once, she also wanted to have another sincere friend... and being friends with Li Feng truly only brought her benefits.

’...Maybe I will be a bit tired, but it’s definitely worth it to secure a friendship with a genius like Li Feng...’

She still remembered her close friend Yan Shuqin’s words about Li Feng’s terrifying cultivation speed.

’She really didn’t lie... and he even surpassed our expectations.’

Madam Zhu’s heart thumped when she sensed Li Feng’s cultivation as he wasn’t hiding it at all.

And that he had already broken through to the 7th stage of Qi Refinement.

’Such a terrifying speed...’

Li Feng who was currently molding her soft breast, stopped his hand and laughed.

"Yes, that’s right, we are now friends..."

Then he slowly touched her small red lips with his finger,

"...How about Madam helps this friend relieve some of his problem now?"

Madam Zhu, who heard this and saw the desire in his eyes, understood his intention.

She smiled seductively. "Of course. I should at least prove I’m worthy of being your friend, Young Master~"

She casually slid a hand through her hair, tucking a strand behind her ear with practiced elegance as she slowly lowered her head toward the huge tent between Li Feng’s legs.

Her movement was unhurried, graceful, and filled with a woman’s mature charm.

Li Feng just smiled at this smart woman and soon felt a breeze against his now exposed hard little brother,... followed by a wet warmth slowly swallowing him.

Slurp...

"Ohh~"

He let out a pleasure groan as he looked at the head adorned with a luxury hairpin along with her smooth black hair as an intoxicating fragrance reach him.

Li Feng then glance a bit forward and saw the spilling white flesh next to his thigh.

He grinned and reached out his hand to grasp a handful of that soft flesh that couldn’t fit entirely in his hand.

’Haa~ what a wonderful day.’

He sighed in enjoyment while feeling the soft flesh overflowing through each of his finger while he could feel his little brother slowly being devoured deeper and deeper.

Soon, he could feel a plump lip touch the base of his groin.

"Ohh~"

Li Feng exhaled slowly, his waist twitching from the surge of pleasure that reach his spine.

Then Madam Zhu, feeling like she was getting used to his huge thing inside her mouth, slowly started bobbing her head up and down with confident and eagerness to please.

Glup...

Glup...

Glup...

Slurp...

"Ugh~"

Li Feng’s breath also grew heavier with each watery sound and bobbing head from below.

_

_

_

Inside Zhu Mansion,

At the beautiful and serene courtyard where a small pond could be seen reflecting the afternoon light outside, creating a nice and calm atmosphere.

This was the Zhu family matriarch’s favorite courtyard, where she usually stayed to relax.

There was a room in the distance inside the courtyard, and its door was shut tight.

If one were to go inside, the atmosphere would be completely different from the calm and peaceful atmosphere outside.

As behind that closed door...

Slurp...

Slurp...

Slurp...

"Ah~That’s feel great...."

Li Feng’s pleasure groans filled the quiet room along with each of those wet slurping sounds.

Now, if someone walked in, they would only see Li Feng sitting at the table with a lewd grin on his face.

He currently have one hand resting casually on the table while the other moved subtly as if kneading something beneath the table.

Occasionally, the back of a head that seem to belong to an stunning woman could be seen popping up between his groin.

Soon, Li Feng felt the rising sensation from his waist and his leg start twitching.

The bobbing head seemingly sensing something only paused briefly before start moving even more frantically, as if she were trying to suck the life out of him.

Glup!

Glup!

Glup!

"Ahh~...take it."

Li Feng who reach his peak just groaned and ejaculated without trying to hold anything back into the warm mouth below.

Spurt!

"Mhmm" Madam Zhu, who had her face at the base of his groin, just smiled while still holding that huge length in her mouth.

Slurp...

Slurp...

She slowly created suction until her cheek hollowed slightly, and also using her tongue to caress everything out of that twitching length.

After feeling no more warm liquid flowing out and the twitching had stopped, she slowly leaned back as the wet, hard length slowly came out of her mouth.

"Hmm."

Madam Zhu who currently have her cheek slightly puffed and a trail of translucent liquid spilling from the corner of her lips, was about to take out a pill bottle to store this precious seed inside her mouth.

She still hadn’t forgotten the great use for it at all.

But then, a big hand grabbed her wrist and stopped her.

Madam Zhu looked at Li Feng and blinked questioningly.

Li Feng just grinned and commanded, "Swallow it."