Chapter 106: Mortal Village (2)

Li Feng and Fen Ziyan were soon led to a simple room.

The wooden walls were patched in several places , yet a faint scent of herbal incense lingered in the air.

A single lantern flickered on the bedside table , casting a warm, wavering glow that softened the interior of the room.

And there was only one bed.

The young boy , clearly acting like the boss here said cheerfully, "It’s not much, big brother immortal.

This is the best room in the house! The roof doesn’t leak, and the bedding’s freshly washed too!"

Li Feng walked around, inspecting the room carefully before pressing a hand on the bed. "Yes," he said with a straight face, "this looks like a very comfortable place to... lie down."

"Of course! My sister and I clean it thoroughly every day ," the boy said with innocent pride, laughing lightly.

He couldn’t help but feel that this big brother immortal was easy to get along with , completely unlike the cold, distant cultivators people in his village usually spoke of.

Fen Ziyan watched Li Feng chatting easily with the young boy and couldn’t help but shake her head slightly.

Just then , she felt a weak tug on her sleeve.

Glancing down , she saw a timid little girl holding a pillow toward her.

"G-Great Immortal ,h-here’s your pillow..." the girl stammered.

"Thank you," Fen Ziyan said softly, taking it from her, "And you can just call me big sister, no need for such a long title."

But the little girl just nodded but didn’t move away.

She kept staring up at Fen Ziyan with wide, curious eyes.

"Th-then... Big Sister, are you really an immortal? I heard immortals can fly and fight ghosts..."

Hearing the innocent question , Fen Ziyan, despite her usual indifference toward mortals , she couldn’t help but smile faintly.

She reached out and gently ruffled the little girl’s hair.

"Yes, but I can’t fly just yet" she said with a small, amused smile, " We immortals need a lot of practice before we can soar through the skies."

Seeing Fen Ziyan smiled , the little girl blinked her eye, clearly mesmerized by Fen Ziyan , and murmured,

"So beautiful..."

It wasn’t a surprise as this was a small , remote village, and the little girl had never seen anyone as elegant, beautiful , ...and shapely as Fen Ziyan before.

Soon her gaze slowly drifted downward, curiosity gleaming in her wide eyes.

"Big Sister..." she asked hesitantly, "are your breasts... heavy? They look really big."

Her tone was pure curiosity, and there was no malice or rudeness in it.

It was, after all, the first time she had ever seen someone with such an impressive figure.

To her , Fen Ziyan’s chest looked so large that she couldn’t help but wonder if it might actually be heavy to carry.

Fen Ziyan , who had been smiling gently just a moment ago, froze for a second.

A faint pink color touched her cheeks before she composed herself and replied, voice calm but with a hint of embarrassment.

"...It’s not too bad. I’m used to it."

"Oh..." The little girl tilted her head, then looked down at her own flat chest with innocent puzzlement.

It was clear she couldn’t quite imagine herself ever having something so... substantial.

Suddenly , the young boy appeared beside the little girl and quickly covered her mouth with his hand.

"Big Sister Immortal, my sister is still young. Please don’t let her words offend you !"

"Mmhhmm! " the little girl tried to protest, her voice muffled against his palm.

After giving his sister a small glare, the boy turned back toward Fen Ziyan and smiled proudly.

"And don’t worry too much, Big Sister. My mother used to says that the bigger they are, the more milk they can give ! So it’s a good thing !"

Fen Ziyan froze for a moment, the word milk echoing in her mind.

And her eyes flicked sideways toward Li Feng almost instinctively.

Li Feng, who had been watching the exchange, turned his head aside and covered his mouth , pretending to cough.

_

_

Soon, after the two kids left,

Fen Ziyan stood there in a daze as she glanced toward her breast and murmured,

"...Is being big bad?"

Then she felt a presence from behind her as a rough hand reached out from her side and lifted up her breasts.

"What is Senior Sister worrying about? These are the best breasts I’ve ever seen !" Li Feng’s lewd tone could be heard from behind her as his hand started to bounce her breasts slightly up and down like a ball.

Fen Ziyan didn’t seem to mind the rough action and nodded seriously after being reminded on how much Li Feng loved these uselessly big breasts of hers.

And that was enough for her.

Then her body jumped slightly after feeling a hard and hot firmness pressing against her peach from behind.

"...Senior Sister, during that ambush, I was the one who saved you~ wasn’t I?" he murmured near her ear, his voice low and teasing. "...how about you repay me a little?".

Fen Ziyan’s body started to soften as it reacted on its own subconsciously after feeling his closeness.

And after hearing Li Feng’s words, she realized it did make some sense , as without him, she wouldn’t have been able to react in time during that ambush.

"...What kind of... repayment do you have in mind?" she asked softly, a blush creeping up her neck.

Li Feng’s heart thumped loudly as he whisper , "...I want to experience Senior Sister’s great riding skill again..."

His hand had already started pulling her upper robe down, revealing one of her large, bare, snow-white breasts, before slowly guiding her toward the bed.

Fen Ziyan remained silent and obediently followed the pull of Li Feng’s hand.

_

_

In the middle of the night,

The rain outside continued to fall , accompanied by occasional rumbles of thunder.

The old man’s house was dark, as everyone already long asleep.

A little girl, Ah Mei , rubbed her eyes as she clutched a blanket and wandered down the corridor.

"...I can’t sleep... yawn... need some water," she murmured, still rubbing her eyes.

But suddenly, she stopped in her tracks as she passed the Great Immortal’s room.

She noticed a faint light spilling from beneath the door and grew curious about what the Great Immortal might be doing.

’...Maybe they’re performing a spell?’ she thought, her mind recalling the mystical stories she had heard about immortals and their magical abilities.

Being the curious child she was , she slowly crouched and tried to push the door open just a little.

And, as expected , the door wasn’t locked. She pushed it open just a little more...enough to peek inside.

’...?’

Then the young girl tilted her head slightly as the sight didn’t match what she had imagined.

She saw the silhouette of the beautiful older sister from before.

But since the bed was facing the door, she could only see her back, not her front.

The older sister’s bare shoulders were visible, and her long, black, silky hair cascaded down, occasionally revealing glimpses of her pale flawless skin.

Soon, Ah Mei realized that the upper half of her body was bare.

Her lower half, however, was hidden beneath a blanket.

Creak... creak... creak...

And now, she suddenly noticed and heard the old bed creaking.

’What is she doing? Is she exercising on the bed?’

Ah Mei wondered, as she saw the older sister’s body bouncing lightly up and down, and her hips swaying rhythmically as if she were dancing.

But soon, she realized the sister seemed to struggle slightly with each sway, as if trying to suppress something with muffled sounds escaping her lips, "Ugh... ahh... haa~..."

Then Ah Mei noticed something else, as she saw a man’s feet dangling just behind the big sister, his toes curling occasionally with each sway from big sister.

After a while, Ah Mei saw that the big sister’s motions suddenly quickened, as her body bounce up and down even more frantically and the man’s legs suddenly stretched slightly, curling his toes for a moment before finally relaxing again.

The big sister, who had stopped briefly, also slowly began to resume her dance, her movements deliberate yet tinged with tension.

Little Mei, who saw this, slowly backed away and closed the door.

’I didn’t know immortals actually liked exercising at night...’ , she murmured softly.

_

_

Li Feng, who had just finished bursting a nut, saw the sneaking little girl leave and smiled.

He had already noticed the small peeking thief, but he wanted to play with her a bit.

So quietly, he unlocked the door and adjusted the silent formation in the room so that only the little girl could hear outside.

But now that his tiny audience was gone, Li Feng turned his attention back to his seductive senior sister, who was currently busily moving her hips above him, with her cheeks flushed and eyes misty.

Feeling the wetness and tightness around his little brother, Li Feng grinned and reached out , his hand brushing her cheek.

"...?" Fen Ziyan paused as she felt her cheek being squeezed from both side with one hand but after noticing Li Feng’s gaze , she understood his thought and slowly leaned down.

"Mhmmm..."

She was immediately met with a rough kiss as Li Feng forcefully pushed his tongue into her mouth, as if trying to devour her.

Plap... plap... plap...

During the kiss, her hips never stopped moving, pressing down on Li Feng’s little brother, seeking to squeeze his seed out eagerly.

After the long, heated kiss, they finally separated.

"Puhaa..."

And a silver string of saliva stretched between their mouths.

Fen Ziyan, still feeling the relentless pleasure below, suddenly heard Li Feng’s voice, thick with desire,

"...Do the thing I taught you before, senior sister."

She paused for a moment , and then , as if trained, Fen Ziyan slowly brought one of her hands to one of Li Feng’s nipple , circling it gently between her delicate fingers.

Then she lowered her mouth toward the other unattended nipple, licking it and sucking, occasionally giving it a light bite.

Meanwhile, her hips never stopped moving as it sway up and down, making a flesh colliding sound between their hip.

plap...

plap...

plap...

At that moment, her powerful control over her body as a cultivator became apparent.....except now, it was being used purely to give pleasure.

"Oh~" Li Feng closed his eyes, savoring the triple service, Fen Ziyan’s expert hands, mouth, and body all working in perfect harmony.

He felt like a king trapped in the grasp of a pleasure-sucking spider, needing to do nothing but lie there and enjoy every wet and soft sensation.

’I really trained her well...’, he grinned proudly feeling the soft generous breasts pressing against his chest , while Fen Ziyan busily moving her body.

Of course ,even during all of this , his senses remained sharper than ever , ready to react at the slightest hint of movement.

Even if a monster appeared , he was confident it wouldn’t get past him a second time.

The night soon passed just like that , and for the first time in a long while and the villagers were finally able to breathe a sigh of relief as nothing had happened tonight.