Chapter 283: Mysterious Temple (3)

At Yue Lan’s soft words, Li Feng smiled and nodded toward her.

But then, a small cough echoed out.

"Ehem. I didn’t mean to interrupt your reunion, but... I think there is an urgent matter we need to attend to."

Liu Yanyue smiled politely as she reminded them.

Yue Lan and Li Feng finally turned to look at her.

Yue Lan tilted her head slightly, while Li Feng gave an awkward cough in response.

"You’re right, Senior Sister Liu."

Liu Yanyue smiled at the two but before she could say anything further, Shui Ruo’s excited voice suddenly rang out.

"Ahh, hello! My name is Shui Ruo! I’m from the Waterflow Sect. Nice to meet you!"

Li Feng was a bit taken aback by her enthusiasm, but he quickly replied.

"O-Oh? Glad to meet you too. I’m Li Feng from the Azure Moon Sect."

Shui Ruo’s face almost split into a wide grin at finally meeting another fellow disciple who didn’t appear cold and distant.

"Hehe..."

Unable to contain her excitement, she cupped her cheeks slightly and bounced a little in place.

Meanwhile, Li Feng’s eyes unconsciously followed the pair of bosoms that bounced up and down enticingly.

"Gulp."

While Jian Ruyi just stared at that large breasts with disgust.

"I’m glad you have come, Junior Li, but may I know how?"

Liu Yanyue slowly walked toward him and asked.

Li Feng smiled.

"It was actually Shen Jia who told me about your situation."

Then he let out a worried expression and sighed exaggeratedly.

"Once I learned about this, I was so worried that I rushed here immediately. Even though my body was exhausted and overexerted, I gritted my teeth and forced myself to come faster."

Jian Ruyi assisted his act with a small solemn nod, even though she knew very well that the only one who had truly gone through a storm was her... whether beneath him or above him.

[Ding!]

[Congratulations, Host on obtaining +100 Favor Points!]

Li Feng grinned at the notification.

’Ahh~ after so long... such a sweet sound.’

But before he could say anything else, Shui Ruo suddenly grabbed his hands and cried out sorrowfully.

"T-This! Such heroic deeds... I take back my words that all disciples of the Azure Moon Sect are cold and aloof!"

Li Feng’s eyes couldn’t help but drift toward her large bosom, along with the deep cleavage revealed between them.

"Gulp."

His heart ignited for the second time just after arriving.

But seeing this beautiful and graceful woman suddenly bursting into tears, he couldn’t help but give her a strange look.

’I take it back too. Both the Heavenly Sword Sect and the Waterflow Sect have strange disciples.’

Then he grinned inwardly.

’Hehe... just to my liking.’

Meanwhile, Yue Lan had already stepped in front of him as she curiously stared at Jian Ruyi, who was acting like Li Feng’s bodyguard with her body practically glued to his side.

"..."

"..."

Jian Ruyi also stared back at the beautiful woman.

She already knew about Yue Lan, as Li Feng had told her everything.

She didn’t really mind or rather, she didn’t care how many women Li Feng had.

As long as her husband didn’t hate her, she was satisfied.

That was simply the kind of woman Jian Ruyi was... simple and traditional.

So she gave Yue Lan a small nod.

Yue Lan blinked, then nodded back.

For some reason, even without exchanging a single word, the two of them had already established a somewhat amicable understanding.

Liu Yanyue, on the other hand, let out a soft sigh of relief.

"That’s good news then. So... Shen Jia is safe."

Then she looked around the temple and murmured thoughtfully.

"And it seems it wasn’t a coincidence...The ones who were teleported here appear to have met certain criteria."

At her words, Li Feng stopped staring at Shui Ruo’s cleavage and frowned seriously, as if Liu Yanyue words had reminded him of something.

Liu Yanyue noticed the subtle change and looked at him curiously.

"Oh? It seems you know something, Junior Li."

Li Feng looked at Liu Yanyue and hesitated for a moment before finally speaking.

"Actually... I’m a formation master."

Liu Yanyue nodded calmly.

"Yes, I know. Junior Yue has told me quite a lot about you."

"Ehh?? You’re a formation master?! We’re saved!!"

Shui Ruo jumped excitedly in place once again at another good news.

Li Feng almost tempted to turned his head to watch the seductive jiggle, but he knew he needed to focus and explain the situation first.

"I see. Then it will be faster for me to explain."

He then told them about what he had discovered when he first arrived at the temple.

He explained how he had found many formations scattered throughout the place.

However, strangely enough, most of them seemed to be protective formations... as if they were designed to keep people from entering rather than trapping those inside.

He had also discovered a teleportation formation that appeared to be dormant.

When Li Feng reached that parts, Liu Yanyue gently raised her hand and interrupted him.

"Did you say it was a dormant teleportation formation?"

Li Feng nodded.

"That’s right. I thought it wasn’t the formation that teleported you all here, so I let my guard down."

"What do you mean by that?"

Shui Ruo asked curiously, placing her hands behind her back and tilting her head cutely.

She had some knowledge about formations, but it wasn’t particularly in-depth.

Li Feng paused for a moment before explaining.

"A dormant formation of any kind is practically... a dead formation. It only has the form but no essence. The only way for it to activate is..."

His gaze suddenly sharpened.

"...if someone manually activates it."

He looked at the group.

"So I can confidently say that none of us were teleported here by coincidence. Someone...or something wanted us to be here."

At the end of his words, silence fell over the group.

Liu Yanyue seemed to connect a few dots and slowly nodded.

"Then there must be a limit to how long that teleportation formation can sustain itself, right?"

Li Feng glanced at her and nodded.

"Even though I only took a brief look, I could tell the teleportation formation had already started to deteriorate. It might fail to teleport anyone at any moment."

Hearing this, Liu Yanyue looked as realization dawned on her.

"So that’s why Shen Jia didn’t get teleported with us, even though she was quite close."

She paused slightly.

"Which means—"

"...Which means the mastermind didn’t want to randomly teleport people who weren’t their targets and risk the formation failing," Yue Lan finished softly.