Chapter 294: A Drowned Sinner (4)

BOOOOOOM!!!

A massive explosion of silvery force erupted from his punch.

The air itself seemed to collapse inward before violently bursting outward.

CRACK!

CRACK!

CRACK!

The first several lances shattered instantly.

Instead of splashing like liquid, they felt more like solid matter as black fragments scattering like shattered glass.

But the remaining spears continued their descent as his strike wasn’t enough to destroy all of them

Li Feng’s eyes sharpened and he punched again.

BANG!!

Another lance exploded.

Then another.

BOOM!

BOOM!

Li Feng’s fists moved so fast they were almost a blur, each punch shattering another corrupted lance.

...But there were too many, and several managed to slip past him.

Just as they were about to strike the others,

Two figures flashed forward.

CLANG!

Jian Ruyi’s sword deflected one spear sideways.

ZING!

Liu Yanyue’s blade sliced another in half, a flash of cold moonlight following the strike.

Behind them, Shui Ruo gritted her teeth and forced her damaged technique to activate again.

Ting!

A weakened blue wave flickered into existence, just enough to slow one incoming spear before it struck the ground.

BOOOOM!!

The chamber erupted in explosions as black water surged violently, forming sharp spikes that threatened everyone.

Shui Ruo, being closest was about to be pierced but then—

CRACK!!

A burst of icy qi exploded, freezing the tiny shards of black liquid mid-air.

"T-Thank!" Shui Ruo stammered, glancing at Yue Lan.

Yue Lan stood firm, exuding a powerful icy domain as her sword stabbed into the floor.

"...Get back," she murmured, focusing on activating the ice domain.

She frowned, feeling all her qi drained within just a few breaths.

It was still extremely taxing on her body.

But it was enough....enough to buy Li Feng the time to completely destroy the remaining spears and even launch a counterattack.

Seeing everyone is safe, Li Feng’s figure then blurred.

In the next instant, he appeared directly beneath the Apostle’s towering body.

SPLASH!

Water exploded outward beneath his feet as he launched himself upward like a silver comet.

The Apostle’s massive arm had only just begun to move—

But Li Feng was already there with his fist clenched as a familiar silver light flared violently along his arm.

"Falling Star Fist!"

BOOM!!

The punch slammed into the Apostle’s abdomen as the impact exploded like thunder.

The Apostle enormous body lurched slightly as a deep shockwave rippled through its corrupted flesh.

But Li Feng didn’t stop.

His body twisted mid-air as another fist shot upward, striking the Apostle’s pyramid-shaped head from below... if it could even be called a chin.

"Falling Star Fist!"

BOOM!!

Silver light erupted again, sending fragments of black liquid scattering in all directions.

[...!]

The Apostle’s huge body was even lifted slightly from the ground by the force as its head jerking upward.

Li Feng twisted mid-air once more, kicking off the Apostle’s massive shoulder to launch into a spinning strike.

"Falling Star-"His fist arced like a silver comet, smashing down into the creature’s broad chest.

"FIST!!"

CRASH!!

BOOOOOM!!

The explosion was deafening.

Water spurted violently in every direction, and shards of black corruption shattered like glass.

The Apostle’s massive body flew through the air, crashing into the distance like a fallen giant.

BOOM!!

For several seconds, everyone covered themselves from the shockwave.

Then, slowly... they looked up to find Li Feng standing in front of them.

"Li Feng!" Jian Ruyi smiled and rushed toward him but her small smile froze.

"Cough! Cough! Dammit, this thing is fast..."

Li Feng was coughing up blood; his chest and abdomen were carved in several places...

"Li Feng, you!"

Jian Ruyi’s face grew worried as she rushed to his side.

Seeing her expression, the others quickly surrounded him.

And Yue Lan’s eyes widened with concern as she asked,

"What happened? We only saw you striking that monster... how are you injured like this?"

Li Feng didn’t reply.

Instead he looked at the old man with serious gaze.

"You said the exit is near, right?"

The old man nodded, pointing toward the entrance.

"If we keep going from there, we should reach the exit soon."

Li Feng wiped the blood from his lips and looked at everyone.

"All of you run for the exit. I’ll hold this guy back."

Everyone blinked at his words, hesitation written on their faces.

Seeing their looks, Li Feng gave a wry smile.

"Look, I’m not going to sacrifice myself or anything."

His gaze turned serious.

"That thing is getting stronger by the second. I’m only confident I can fight it one or two more rounds.... after that, we’re screwed. So go to the exit first. I’ll catch up later."

The old man nodded and interjected.

"Listen to the young Li. You’ve seen it too, right? That thing devours everything... every attack we make strengthens it. Only Young Li’s strikes weren’t absorbed. You being here isn’t helping; it’s just making it stronger!"

All the women froze at his words.

Li Feng noticed their pride was being hurt at the old man words and couldn’t help but almost laugh at these proud genius egos.

"Look, how about this?" he said with a sly grin. "You all will owe me a favor... for letting me hold this monster back."

Hearing his words, the women glanced at each other, and he could see his words were working.

"This isn’t you guys running away," he continued, "it’s called a tactical retreat. And for me to get so many favors from geniuses like you? That’s a pretty good price to pay."

The women hesitated, their brows furrowed as their pride battling with the clear logic of Li Feng’s words.

Yue Lan’s fingers tightened on the hilt of her Ice Jade Sword, her gaze flicking to Li Feng, worry and admiration mingling in her eyes.

"...Fine," she murmured finally. "But make sure to retreat if it gets worse, okay?"

Jian Ruyi let out a reluctant sigh, stepping back while keeping her sword ready.

"You better survive this, Li Feng," she muttered.

Liu Yanyue’s expression softened slightly, but she, too, nodded and began moving toward the exit, her steps quick and resolute.

Shui Ruo hesitated, glancing at Yue Lan before following the others, the residual fear of the Apostle’s power etched on her face.

"Y-You better come back with us after this! This big sister hasn’t repaid her debt yet!"

Li Feng simply waved his hand, not even looking back at them.

Once their footsteps faded into the distance, he let out a quiet sigh.

His gaze sharpened as he focused on the Apostle, which had already regained its stance.

Its presence pressed down on the chamber like a crushing weight, and even Li Feng could feel the pressure now.

The black water had already begun to flood the chamber, reaching his knees.

....He could feel an extremely dangerous aura oozing from the Apostle now.

"Sorry to keep you waiting," he murmured under his breath.

Then, his voice dropped to barely more than a whisper.

"Star Ignition."

BOOM!!

Li Feng’s body was bathed in starry, silvery light as his pressure skyrocketed as silver motes of light swirled across his skin, flickering like countless tiny stars igniting across the night sky.

[...]

Watching Li Feng become stronger than before, the Apostle simply stood in silence.

Then, as if deciding something, it reached its hand into the black water below it.

_

_

_

Li Feng exhaled slowly, steadying the raging power inside his body as he lowered into a fighting stance.

His muscles tightened as brilliant silver qi revolve around him.

’Now then...should I go on the offense or defense?’

His goal wasn’t to defeat this immortal monster.

He only needed to buy enough time for the others to escape and that alone would be his victory.

"Hmm?"

But then, Li Feng frowned as he watched the Apostle’s strange movement.

"What is it doing...?"

The black water began to churn as the Apostle pull something out.

Then... his eyes widened at the sight.

"... What the hell is that?"

Suddenly—

BOOOOM!!

A thunderous roar echoed out like a lightning strike in the middle of the ocean, as if something tearing across the open sea.

A blinding black flash erupted, swallowing the surroundings and stealing away all sight.

SPURT!!

With the sickening sound and smell of burning flesh.

Li Feng’s entire left arm was completely...

...pulverized.