Chapter 57: Fen Ziyan (4)

"That’s right... relax and open up all your meridians. Let the qi flow through you," Li Feng whispered softly, continuing to work with his hands. Gradually, he began sliding the edge of her shoulder cloth slowly aside .... exposing her pale, delicate skin.

Fen Ziyan, lost in the blissful sensation, didn’t even notice.

Li Feng swallowed again, finally growing a bit impatient so he decided to move up a step a bit.

Then he slowly withdrew his hands and let out a long breath, pretending he had overexerted himself and narrowed his eyes thoughtfully, as if he were carefully considering something important.

"...What is it?" Fen Ziyan asked nervously, turning back, still unaware that her shoulder was exposed.

Li Feng hesitated for a moment, then lowered his voice. "I think I’ve figured out part of it." He pulled out a small bottle and poured its contents onto his hand, it looked like some kind of lubricant.

"Is that ?" Fen Ziyan seeing this asked.

"This is a priceless liquid I obtained from my inheritance... I will try using this to see if your bottleneck reacts," Li Feng lied with a straight face, knowing it was just some cheap ointment oil infused with a fire ingredient. He had somewhat prepared to help Fen Ziyan break through, even with the pills, but why give them all at once? How could he then enjoy himself?

Fen Ziyan tilted her head slightly as she stared at the transparent liquid, noticing that it didn’t appear to be a priceless treasure. However, she shook her head, reminding herself not to doubt Li Feng. She knew she would soon see the results anyway, so she asked, "What do I need to do?"

Li Feng smiled and said, "Please remove your top. I need to apply this over your back and shoulders as I noticed a lot of blocked qi there that isn’t flowing properly."

Fen Ziyan hesitated for a moment, but seeing the sincerity in his eyes, she gritted her teeth and nodded. "Okay." She then began to remove her top completely.

Li Feng’s nose almost bleed at the scene: her white, delicate shoulder and back were revealed to him. Fen Ziyan subconsciously used her hand to cover her soft ample breast, but alas, since it was too big, her hand barely managed to cover a small part of it.

"Is this enough...?" Fen Ziyan turned her back toward him and asked softly. As a princess, she still retained some reservations about this kind of things and couldn’t be completely nonchalant like Yue Lan or other cultivators.

"Yes, this is enough." Li Feng said, then began using the fire-infused oil, to massage her back, neck, and shoulders.

Her pale, soft skin yielded under his touch, every movement highlighting just how delicate and supple her skin was.

"Ah~"

Fen Ziyan felt a tingling sensation and let out a soft gasp as Li Feng applied a bit more pressure, kneading her soft skin.

Then, suddenly, she gasped sharply, her body jolting. "It’s... moving...!"

Her bottleneck, which had been stuck like a stagnant pond, suddenly rippled. For the first time since her endless failures trying to move it, her bottleneck now finally stirred, even though it was just slightly, but it unmistakably improved.

Tears pricked her eyes as she shot to her feet, she was in so much joy that she forgot or even care about covering her chest while her crimson gaze widened with disbelief and joy. "It moved! My bottleneck... it really moved! T-This has never happened before!"

Li Feng grinned quietly, his eyes lingering on her big swaying chest with satisfaction. "See? My method isn’t wrong."

But then, as if on cue, Li Feng’s expression twisted slightly. He pretend to staggered, clutching at his chest, his breath coming in ragged gasps.

Fen Ziyan froze, then hurried to his side, while her top still bare. "Li Feng? What’s wrong?!"

Li Feng forced a weak smile, his voice strained. "The secret technique... when I use it to channeled my qi into you, it disrupted my own qi, and made it a bit chaotic. But it’s nothing... I already expected this much."

Seeing the pained expression on Li Feng’s face, her heart tightened. "But—"

He shook his head, still managing a faint smile despite his trembling hands. "As long as it helps you... I don’t mind. If it’s for Senior Sister Fen, then even if my qi becomes chaotic, I’ll gladly pay the price. Come, let’s continue..."

Fen Ziyan’s throat tightened as she stared at him, the man who had just revealed his greatest secret and then weakened himself for her sake again and again...this

[Ding! Congratulations, Host for gaining +150 Favor Points.]

Something inside her chest then stirred violently...not just her bottleneck, but also something deeper.

Fen Ziyan helped Li Feng settle back into the chair, her hand hovering over him in concern, completely oblivious to how her bare chest was pressing against him.

"Don’t force yourself," she said softly.

Li Feng gave her a weak smile, then shook his head. "This kind of backlash is normal. Besides... I can already confirm something. Your physique is very unusual, so if I stop here....then all of the effort will be wasted."

Her breath caught. "Wasted... then you mean—"

Li Feng’s face showed struggle and determination. "We must continue, ... and this time I need to apply it to your entire body."

Fen Ziyan paused, hesitating and worriedly said, "...But wouldn’t this make your condition even worse?"

Li Feng then grabbed her hand tightly. "This is something I can handle, and if worse comes to worst, then senior sister can help... no, never mind," he cut off his words as if he hesitated.

Meanwhile, Fen Ziyan noticed his hesitation and asked back, "Tell me? What can I help you with? As long as it’s within my ability, I will definitely help!" She didn’t want to always be in his favor one-sided like this.

Li Feng pretended to be reluctant. "This... Senior sister Fen might not like it."

Fen Ziyan saw his hesitation and immediately straightened her back, thumping her chest with confidence. Her crimson eyes blazed with pride as she raised her chin.

"Who do you think I am? I am Fen Ziyan! No matter how hard or painful it is, I can bear it! So tell me, how can I help you?"

Li Feng’s desire stirred as he took in the sight of her proud figure, those enticing breasts swaying in front of him. But on the surface, he forced himself to look resigned, sighing as if giving in.

"If you insist... then I’ll ask for your help later. But for now, we must begin your treatment immediately. If we delay any longer, your bottleneck might regress and become even worse."

"Yes, I, Fen Ziyan, always keep my promises," she declared proudly. This time, without the slightest hesitation, she stripped off all her clothes and walked toward Li Feng’s small bed.

Her clothes slipped to the floor, revealing her flawless, naked form. Li Feng’s breathing grew heavy as his eyes roamed over her naked body, taking in her proud, bouncing breasts and the perfectly shaped peach that swayed seductively with every step she took toward the bed.

"So... where do we begin?" Fen Ziyan asked as she sat on the bed, crossing her legs and folding her arms in an attempt to appear calm and confident, but inadvertently making the view even more enticing to Li Feng as he saw her generous breast hanging above her crossed arm.

Meanwhile, a small blush crept up her neck as she tried to appear composed.

Finally seeing the seductive naked form of Fen Ziyan, Li Feng then dryly said, "...Please lie on your stomach. I will begin loosening the bottleneck from your back side first."

Hearing this, Fen Ziyan lay on the bed naked, causing her ample breasts to spill out from both sides, creating a lewd scene and showcasing her prominent, shapely peach.

Li Feng couldn’t wait any longer after such a feast lay in front of him, so he started by applying oil to his hands and her back before beginning the massage.

"Mm..." Fen Ziyan felt the warmth and slick touch moving across her back and shoulders, letting out a soft, involuntary moan.

Soon, his hands drifted lower, brushing the sides of her breasts a few time before sliding down toward her waist.

"Mm!" Fen Ziyan shivered as his hand lingered a little too long on her waist, sending a tingling warmth through her.

Then, suddenly, a firm hand cupped her perfect peach. "Ahh..." Fen Ziyan gasped in surprise, feeling a man’s rough hand on her peach for the first time.

But this was all part of the treatment, and she dared not resist. She pressed her face into the pillow, letting him continue.

Seeing her tacit consent, Li Feng grinned lewdly and continued kneading her soft peach, shaping it with bold, deliberate movements. "Senior Sister Fen... this area has a lot of blockages, so I’ll need to put in extra effort..."

"..." Fen Ziyan didn’t respond, or retort.

And sensing her lack of protest, Li Feng’s hands grew bolder, moving less like a massage and more like a shameless caress. He boldly slid them up and down, paying no mind to restraint, until her entire backside was slick with his touch.

"Let’s do the front now," Li Feng said as he pushed her onto her back and saw Fen Ziyan’s face reddened, her eyes misty, and she breathing a bit roughly.

Fen Ziyan hurriedly raised both hands to cover her face, feeling embarrassed about letting Li Feng see her face at that moment. Little did she know that Li Feng currently had his sights fixed on her large, white breasts swaying ever so slightly with her breathing, as if to seduce him.

"Then I’ll begin treating this area..." Li Feng murmured softly, stretching his hand toward her enticing breasts. And soon the soft, overwhelming flesh sank easily into his palm, sending a thrill through him.

Fen Ziyan’s body froze for a moment, but she kept her hand on her face, remaining silent, signaling to Li Feng to continue.

Observing her reaction, Li Feng’s hands immediately grew bolder, and start molding her breasts like his own personal toy.

’So soft ! Finally, I lay my hand on this proud and arrogant woman’s breast, and damn, it truly didn’t disappoint.’

Li Feng continued to play with her breasts for a while, letting the overwhelming softness sink and flow through his fingers. He kneaded them into different shapes and forms, but no matter how he manipulated them, each breast always returned perfectly to its original, flawless form.

But as his desire surged and his arousal reached its peak, he could no longer hold back.

Thinking he had played around enough and with his little brother already protesting strongly below, Li Feng decided to take things to the next level.

Then Li Feng slid one hand down to her soft, smooth abdomen, resting over her dantian, and gently infused it with fire-attributed qi.

Fen Ziyan, who still covering her face, felt her bottleneck loosen almost immediately. And she shivered at the sensation but didn’t move, afraid of interrupting the process and Li Feng focus.

Meanwhile, Li Feng focused one hand on infusing his qi, while his other hand continued to mold her breasts and tease her pink bead, balancing treatment with his own personal indulgent.

Soon, Li Feng let out a long breath and took a few steps back, as if he had completely exerted himself.

Fen Ziyan, still covering her face, finally felt his hands leave her breasts and abdomen.

And her eye turn bright as she sensed her bottleneck had loosened once again. Before she could even express her joy, she saw Li Feng weak state and hurried ask, worry written across her face. "Junior Brother Li... what happened? Are you alright?"

Li Feng pretended to put on a struggling face, feigning pain as he groaned, "This secret technique’s backlash is more than I expected... Senior Sister Fen, I might need your help now to calm the chaotic qi down."

Fen Ziyan stood up and ask, "Tell me... what do I need to do?"

Li Feng looked at her, feigning hesitation. "Please help me ease the chaotic qi... with your mortal body."

Fen Ziyan didn’t understand at first, but then she saw Li Feng push his waist forward, and a big tent was already there.

"Eh? You mean..." Fen Ziyan asked hesitantly.

"Yes, please help me, achhh!" Li Feng clutched his chest in pain after seeing Fen Ziyan small hesitation in her eye.

Hearing his voice full of pain, Fen Ziyan immediately let go of any more reservations, as Li Feng had been helping her all this time, so she also want to helped him back.

Not to mention, she had already promised to help him, and as a proud princess, she would never go back on her word.

And her body was just a vessel for the dao, if it could be used to help Li Feng .....then she didn’t mind it.

Fen Ziyan’s crimson eyes brightened, her resolve solidifying as all hesitation vanished.

Her gaze burned with determination as she strode toward Li Feng, who still struggling in the chair.

"Junior Brother Li... tell me what you need me to do," she said firmly.

[Ding! Congratulations, Host for gaining +100 Favor Points.]

Hearing her word and the system notification, Li Feng let a hidden, satisfied smile.