Chapter 387: The Aloof and Indifferent Fairy.

Li Feng nodded slowly.

"It would."

After he said that, he couldn’t help but glanced at her and think that this woman was quite smart.

However, he hesitated slightly, wondering whether it was wise to reveal such a powerful method.

His initial plan was to only dual cultivate with her normally and not using the soul purification.

Sensing his silence, Lan Suyao knew exactly what was troubling him and scoffed lightly.

"There’s no need to worry. If it truly works as I suspect, then I will owe you a huge favor."

Lan Suyao then suddenly swore an oath on her Dao Heart on the spot,

"If I ever reveal anything that happened here today or any of your secrets, Li Feng, may my Dao Heart collapse!"

Hearing such a fierce and resolute oath, Li Feng smiled wryly.

No matter how alluring these women appeared on the surface, they were, in truth, incredibly determined and resolute cultivators.

"It is as you said," he replied. "If we engage in dual cultivation, I might be able to help resolve your current soul problem."

The moment the words left his mouth, Lan Suyao grabbed his hand without hesitation.

"Then what are you waiting for? Let’s start right now!"

She looked at him expectantly, waiting to see if he had anything else to add.

Li Feng stared at her for a moment before deciding to tell her the full truth.

"This technique is indeed special. But once your soul accepts my refined Yang essence... you will never be able to absorb any other man’s Yang again-"

"Hmph. Such a small price to pay," Lan Suyao cut him off and hugged him tightly.

"You underestimate me. I, Lan Suyao, never intended to have any intimate contact with men in the first place. This is nothing more than a negligible side effect."

Lan Suyao was telling the truth.

As a true sect cultivator, she had always placed the path of cultivation above everything else.

That was why she had never allowed any man to touch her body as having Primordial Yin carried its own significant benefits for cultivation.

She was only willing to use her mortal body as a bargaining chip with Li Feng because she judged that her soul, future cultivation progress and... revenge were far more important.

Then Lan Suyao looked at him with a firm, determined gaze and said casually.

"If this dual cultivation truly helps cure my soul injury, then my mortal body is yours to own. As long as it does not interfere with my cultivation, you may play with it or use it for dual cultivation whenever you wish."

Hearing this, Li Feng stared at the proud woman in his arms for a moment, almost stunned by how decisively she had accepted everything.

She had sworn on her Dao Heart without the slightest hesitation and even dismissed the permanent side effect as insignificant.

And she had even offered her mortal body for him to own...

Li Feng didn’t think for a second that she was speaking empty words.

So far, Lan Suyao had proven herself to be an extremely resolute woman who always kept her promises.

Li Feng couldn’t help but look at the woman in his arms once more.

The usually cold and untouchable City Lord was now hugging him tightly, her full, soft breasts pressing warmly against his chest, her blood-stained lips only inches away from his.

And after everything she had just said, Li Feng no longer hesitated.

Since she was willing to become his woman... his exclusive partner for life, then he would be a fool to refuse.

A dark, possessive flame ignited deep in his eyes.

Unable to resist teasing her, Li Feng asked with a playful smirk.

"...As you wish, Senior Lan. Does that mean you will give birth to my child if I want you to?"

Hearing this, Lan Suyao frowned slightly.

It wasn’t that she found the idea repulsive, but her first thought was the heavy price it would demand.

For a cultivator, bearing and nurturing a child wasn’t simple as it would consume a great deal of her cultivation time and blood essence.

If they had a child, she was confident it would be exceptionally talented so raising such a prodigy would be no easy task... it would feel almost like sacrificing her own cultivation to cultivate another genius.

There was even a chance her talent could decrease, so the thought of becoming pregnant had never crossed her mind.

In short, it was something she never planned to do, but... if Li Feng owned her mortal body, then refusing him outright might upset him.

Lan Suyao fell silent in thought for a moment before looking at Li Feng and replying calmly and seriously.

"If you provide me with an equal amount of cultivation resources and opportunities to make up for the time I lose while bearing and raising your child, then I wouldn’t mind giving birth for you."

Li Feng gave her a strange look.

’Everything really comes down to cultivation with her, huh? What a hardworking fairy.’

But he didn’t dislike this kind of woman.

In fact, he found their aloof and dedicated nature quite innocent and strangely seductive... especially when he pinned them beneath him.

Just imagining Lan Suyao’s usual cold, proud face with her belly swollen with his child, while she held their baby in her arms, made his desire surge uncontrollably.

Without wasting another second, Li Feng lifted her effortlessly into his arms.

Sensing his intention, Lan Suyao wrapped her arms around his neck and spoke in a calm, steady voice.

"There’s a small bedroom at the back. Let’s do it there."

Li Feng smile lewdly and nodded as he tightened his hold on her, carrying the half-naked City Lord toward the private room with rising anticipation.

_

_

_

Soon, they arrived at the bedroom.

The side bedroom was smaller and more intimate, illuminated only by the soft glow of a few night pearls.

A large, luxurious bed with dark silk sheets could be seen at the back.

Li Feng gently laid her down on her back on that bed.

The moment her body touched the sheets, he climbed on top of her, covering her elegant figure with his own.

Her robes were now completely open, exposing her magnificent breasts, narrow waist, and long, smooth legs.

Lan Suyao looked up at him without shame or hesitation.

Then she glance at his crotch and calmly offer.

"Do you need me to use my mouth to harden it?"

"Hehe... no need."

Li Feng let out a low, hungry growl.

He had been looking forward to claiming this prideful, aloof woman ever since the first moment he laid eyes on her.

Without wasting any time, he stripped off all his clothes, revealing his muscular body and his already thick, rock-hard little brother.

After tossing his clothes aside, he lean down and impatiently captured her blood-stained lips in a deep, possessive kiss.

Slurp...

His tongue pushed past her lips without hesitation, tangling with hers in a hot, wet dance.

The metallic taste of her blood seem to only fueled his desire even more.

"Mmmh..."

Lan Suyao let out a soft, muffled sound as she could feel his greedy tongue.

But her eyes remained calm and steady as she responded to the kiss while her arms slowly wrapping tighter around his neck and pulling him closer.