Chapter 355: Reward.

Li Feng blinked in surprise.

He looked around the room, but there was nothing there.

But then a dreadful thought reach his mind.

His heart suddenly dropped and his face paled.

"...No way..."

He slowly leaned down and peeked under the bed.

But seeing nothing was under there, he let out a sigh of relief.

For a second, he really thought someone had been hiding under his bed this whole time without him sensing it.

Still confused, he looked up at the Divine Brick.

The Divine Brick hovered beside him, tilting slightly as if equally confused.

Then as if drawn by instinct, Li Feng slowly glanced upward toward the ceiling and let out a weak laugh.

"Haha... I didn’t know I was this popular."

It seemed that, without him realizing it, a Dao had been silently watching him the entire time.

To be gazed upon by a Dao... that was not something ordinary cultivators could even dream of.

And yet without realizing it... there was actually one watching him..

Li Feng’s body shuddered at the thought that something had been peeping at all his activities.

"...I hope whatever that Dao saw didn’t got offend by it."

After all, most of what he did involved indulging himself and having fun...

...And most of those thing was far from dignified.

He couldn’t help but wonder which Dao had the free time to watch over mortal affairs like this.

With a small sigh, Li Feng finally turned his attention back to the system.

"Well... at least that’s something. I already have two approvals. But how am I supposed to get the rest...?"

He touched his chin, lost in thought for a moment.

Then his eyes drifted toward the Divine Brick hovering lazily in the room, and a sudden idea sparked in his mind.

"Wait... If the Divine Brick can give approval, then the other Divine Weapons should be able to as well."

Li Feng recalled the brief description he had once read about the Divine Weapons.

And that each of the Five Major Sects was said to possess one.

With a thoughtful look, he murmured, "It seems I’ll need to ask my master about this. Maybe she can help me meet one or know something about the one in Azure Moon Sect."

Now that the issue of Heavenly Dao approvals felt more manageable, Li Feng shifted his focus to the second condition.

"Liquid Gold...? Don’t tell me I just have to melt gold into liquid."

Even as he said it, he knew it couldn’t be that simple.

As if responding to his doubt—

[Ding!]

[Liquid Gold is not actual gold!]

[It is the condensed essence of fate, wealth, and worldly fortune!]

[It only forms when immense amounts of spiritual, material, or karmic value are gathered, compressed, and refined over time!]

Li Feng blinked.

Then he scratched his head.

"...Say that in a way a normal person can understand. And more importantly, how do I get it?"

[Ding!]

[In simple terms, Host basically need to become the richest individual on this continent!]

Li Feng stared at the system panel for a long moment.

"...You’re serious?"

A strange look crossed his face.

"You mean... like running a business?"

[Ding!]

[That is a recommended path!]

[The Host may also accumulate wealth through pillaging or killing!]

[However, wealth obtained through bloodshed will not produce the required Liquid Gold!]

Hearing this, Li Feng let out a long sigh.

"So I really have to start a company or something..."

He almost laughed at the absurdity of having to become a businessman in a cultivation world.

It was going to be a pain, but... not impossible.

With the system and his multiple talents, he could definitely do it.

Just refining pills as an alchemist had already made him quite wealthy.

If he expanded into formation services, selling artifacts, spiritual wine, or other ventures...

He could easily swim in riches.

...But that was also the problem.

"...Sounds exhausting."

By then he wouldn’t have any time to enjoy life and have fun.

The idea of drowning himself in work in another world felt ridiculous.

That wasn’t the kind of future he wanted.

What was the point of having power if he had to spend all his time working like a mortal merchant?

"It seems I’ll have to discuss this with Wei Meilin..."

Li Feng murmured to himself.

That cold, calculating, and ehem sexy... yet incredibly capable Star Envoy of his should be far better at this kind of thing than he was in this field.

She could probably offer a much smarter solution.

"...it’s about time I put her to proper use."

With that matter settled, Li Feng finally turned his attention to the last requirement.

"A lotus? Why the hell do I need a flower to repair the Gold Source?"

He felt the first two conditions were somewhat reasonable, but a lotus? That sounded ridiculous.

[Ding!]

[The Sacred Seven Color Lotus is required to reconstruct a new vessel for the Divine Power!]

[As the original material needed to create the Gold Source does not yet exist, this is the best alternative!]

Li Feng paused and stared at the system window.

"What do you mean it doesn’t exist yet?"

[Ding!]

[It is because it does not exist yet!]

"Hmm?"

Li Feng blinked.

He tried asking again, but the system only gave the same answer.

After a few more attempts, he gave up.

"Well... whatever," he sighed. "At least there’s a solution in sight."

It seemed his next steps were clear: ask his master about the Divine Weapons, then head to Cloudveil City to meet Wei Meilin and discuss the business plan, then find out the information about that lotus.

"Ah, speaking of Cloudveil City..."

Li Feng’s eyes suddenly lit up as he remembered another prize waiting for him.

His mind immediately drifted to that hot and aloof City Lord, Lan Suyao.

The Divine Brick had already informed him that the rare flower Goldie gave to it was exactly what she needed.

The mere thought of finally pushing down that proud, seductive and dangerously alluring beauty made Li Feng swallow hard as a wicked grin spreading across his face.

"Hehe... finally good news after good news indeed..."

As if the dark clouds weighing on his heart had been swept away, Li Feng’s expression brightened.

He looked down at the cracked translucent core in his hand.

"Hmph! You’re not getting off so easily for doing something like this without permission. Just wait until I bring you back and then I’m going to punish you properly!"

With that, Li Feng handed the core over to the Divine Brick gently.

"Keep it safe."

The brick gave a faint hum of acknowledgment before absorbing the core and kept it within the small house Li Feng had built atop the Divine Tree as it would rest there... until the day it could shine once more.

With that done, Li Feng finally turned his attention back to the system.

With a crooked, merchant-like smile, he clasped his hands together and asked coyly,

"Ahem... so, about my reward..."

[Ding!]

[Would you like to view the rewards from clearing Yue Lan’s first calamity?]

Li Feng nodded eagerly.

"Yes!"

[Ding!]

[Congratulations, Host! Please check your rewards below!]

Li Feng’s eyes slowly widened with anticipation as a list of rewards appeared before him.

His gaze immediately locked onto the first two.

[+20,000 Favor Points!]

[x10 Gacha Pulls!]

Seeing this, Li Feng blinked as a strange expression slowly formed on his face.