Chapter 182: Tragic

Li Feng frowned as he recognized the scent for what it was..

....a human blood.

In the next instant, he grabbed the bobbing head below him and froze her movement.

Ye Shuang, who had been in the middle of sucking, with her mouth still wide as that huge wet length can be seen remained partially inside her mouth, blinked in confusion and looked up at him.

"Get up." Li Feng said.

His tone was no longer playful as his gaze remained fixed in that direction.

Sensing the seriousness in his voice, Ye Shuang slowly withdrew the length from her mouth and wiped her lip.

She quickly adjusted his robe and tying his sash back up with practiced efficiency, like a trained women.

Then,

After tucking her pale breasts back into her own robe, she finally stood up.

The dazed and obedient haze in her eyes had long vanished, now replaced by alertness.

"Senior Brother... what’s wrong?" she asked quietly.

Hearing his question, Li Feng briefly explained what he had sensed.

When Ye Shuang heard that a fellow disciple might be injured, her expression turned righteous.

"Senior Brother, let’s go help them! We can’t ignore someone who needs our help !"

Li Feng nodded at her words.

To be honest, he didn’t really care much about others whether they live or die.

But after spending so long among the righteous path and have met many righteous disciples and elder.

His mindset had begun to change....if only a little.

Even if he wasn’t compassionate by nature but if someone was in danger right in front of him, he would at least check to see if he could help.

Of course, if it was beyond his ability, he would retreat without hesitation.

After all, he wasn’t a hero but merely an ordinary human man....one who simply wanted to enjoy what life had to offer to the fullest.

At least, that was what he believed himself to be.

And if it happened to be Yue Lan in danger, he knew he would regret it forever if he didn’t go and look.

With that thought, he turned and ran toward the direction where he had sensed the blood, while Ye Shuang following closely behind.

After running for a while, the deeper they went, the heavier the atmosphere became.

Broken branches littered the ground.

And leaves were trampled underfoot, stained a dark red.

A faint, uneven trail of blood wound can be seen between the trees which is clear signs of someone fleeing while injured.

Li Feng slowed and crouched down to inspecting the ground.

"This person wasn’t just hurt," he said quietly. "They were being chased."

Then his brows knit together as a familiar qi entered his senses.

He recognized it almost immediately.

"...A demonic cultivator?" he murmured, his eyes turning cold as he looked toward the direction of the blood trail.

After all, his first encounter with a demonic cultivator had been anything but pleasant.

_

_

_

"Haa!.. Ha..!"

A female disciple dressed in an aqua-white sect robe could be seen running through the forest as her long silky black hair flowing freely in the wind.

As she ran, her white-and-blue robes shifted with each movement, highlighting her shapely curves and large breasts beneath those full robe.

Her slightly blue-tinted eyes, usually filled with arrogance and confidence, were now clouded with frustration and pain.

At her shoulder, a patch of red had already soaked her robe....her blood that came from an ambush.

Twitch!

Suddenly,

A snap of a branch behind her made her flinch.

She glanced over her shoulder and saw two figures moving through the trees with inhuman speed, their forms distorted by the sinister aura swirling around them.

Their eyes glimmered with cruel intent, and their smiles.... seemed to one that currently enjoy chasing their prey.

Her heart trembled, not just from the chase but from the rising panic that maybe....just maybe....she wouldn’t make it.

"Keep going... don’t let them catch you !" she muttered to herself, her voice tight with fear.

She knew the fate that awaited her if she were caught because she knew what the Fire Yang Sect disciples wanted from her.

Ling Lin was just a simple outer sect disciple from Waterflow Sect, who had managed to discover her talent in alchemy.

Then she was taken in by an elder to be trained as an alchemist.

After that,

Life had begun to go well for her, and her arrogance soared as other disciples came to bootlick her, begging her to refine pills for them or trying to form connection.

But to her master who was both an alchemist and a battle enthusiast.

She found her to be quite weak and inexperienced, which was why Ling Lin had been forced to come here to gain real experience.

"...Ha! But! You didn’t say anything about a demonic disciple!"

Ling Lin cursed her master inwardly.

She had thought that at worst she would be beaten by other disciples or chased by mindless beasts....but the ones behind her seemed to want to eat her to the bone.

Heck, maybe not even her bones would be left.

Whoooosh!

Suddenly, she heard a whistle from behind, as if something had flown swiftly through the air, and—

Spurt!

"Ack!"

Ling Lin let out a painful groan as something struck her from behind.

Her body slipped, crashed, and rolled across the dirty ground.

Thump.

Thump.

Pain shot through her shoulder, making her gasp, and her eyes welled up with tears.

Unlike others who pursued the Dao for greater strength and immortality, Ling Lin was different.

As a poor orphan with no parents or home, she had been lucky enough to join the sect by accident.

She didn’t chase power or glory... she simply pursued the Dao for a comfortable life, which, of course, earned her quite a lot of scolding from her master.

But she was also stubborn, doing only enough to satisfy herself.

And now, feeling the pain and cruelty of the cultivation world for the first time, Ling Lin cried pitifully.

"Hick... hick... Master... because of you... I’m about to get eaten alive while I’m still a virgin..."

She sobbed as she tried to stand, her palms digging into the dirty ground.

She knew this wasn’t exactly the best time to be crying.

Then—

Two male figures suddenly appeared in front of her.

Ling Lin froze as she slowly look up.

Both wore bright red robes that seemed friendly at first glance...

...but their presence was suffocating, the air around them swirling with a sinister aura as they look down at her with greed in their eyes.