Chapter 133: Pure Carnal Pleasure (2)

Li Feng just grinned and commanded, "Swallow it."

Madam Zhu froze a bit upon hearing this and hesitated slightly.

Not because she thought it was disgusting, but because she thought it was a waste.

As if reading her thoughts, Li Feng grinned and pulled her hand onto his already hard little brother again.

"Don’t worry, there will be a lot more of that for you..."

Madam Zhu, who noticed this, finally swallowed the thick thing inside her mouth and then opened her mouth to let Li Feng see.

"Glup...Haa~"

"Good... Madam truly is a great friend."

Madam Zhu just smiled at the praise.

Then Li Feng stood up, his hard little brother exposed to the world and pulled her up by her arm before bending her over and casually pushing her onto the table.

"Ah~"

Madam Zhu, now bent over, displayed her slender waist and curvy figure, with her large bare breasts pressing against the table while her plump peach lifted up enticingly.

Li Feng grinned lewdly at this sight.

Without saying any words, he went behind her and admired the S-curve of her body a bit before slowly rolling up her robe to reveal her pale, fleshy thighs and plump round peach.

Madam Zhu who currently benting over the table, also understood what he wanted and give a sultry smile as she began to spread her legs apart, making it easier for Li Feng to access her.

Soon, she felt a breeze brushed against her bare skin at her rear, followed by a rough palm kneading her plump peach.

Squelch...

"Ah..~"

She then felt something hot and hard slowly pushing into her wet cave below as she gritted her teeth, trying to suppress the pleasure brought by her inside slowly being stretched.

Thump!

Soon, Li Feng’s waist touched her bouncing peach causing it to jiggle slightly as his little brother’s length completely disappeared inside.

"Ohh~"

He closed his eyes in pleasure, feeling the wet and tight wriggling warm flesh around his little brother.

’Ah~ Home sweet home~’ Li Feng gripped the small and soft delicate waist of Madam Zhu even more firmly and grinned as he finally felt some relief from his pending desire brought by his now many stars.

Meanwhile below him,

Madam Zhu currently gripped the table hard as she felt like she was being suffocated by the huge thing inside her.

"Haa~..Haa..?"

She let out a hot gasp as her mouth opened slightly after Li Feng inserted his full length inside her.

’T-This is too big... is it even bigger than before...?’ Her now misty eyes filled with surprise.

Just now, her mind went white briefly after she felt his tip smash against her womb entrance, so she couldn’t help but feel a bit apprehensive about what was about to come next.

But a woman’s body is truly a wonder, much less a cultivator’s who has surpassed mortal limits.

Soon, even with such huge length inside her, her body managed to slowly adapt to that sheer size effortlessly.

"Haa... Haaa~"

She let out a hot breath, feeling the huge length deep inside her.

Soon, Madam Zhu’s voluptuous body slowly began to sway...

_

_

_

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

Inside the room, the earlier quietness had vanished....replaced by the rhythmic sound of bodies and flesh colliding.

"Haa~Haah~Ah!"

A sultry woman’s moans mixed with the rough breathing of a man can be heard as it came from the tangled pair who had only just become "friends" yet were already helping each other with their problems.

"Haa~"

Madam Zhu who currently have her body bent over the table, shook frantically as she tried to hold onto the edge of the table, afraid she might fall.

But she actually didn’t need to worry as her small, delicate waist was firmly gripped by a pair of rough hands from behind.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"What a nice view, Madam..."

Li Feng rough voice can be heard from behind her but she couldn’t replied as only breathless moans escaped her lips.

Slap!

"Ahh~!"

Madam Zhu felt a sharp sting on her plump flesh, but she couldn’t do anything about it as her body kept swaying back and forth uncontrollably.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

Li Feng’s eyes were filled with desire as he watched her pale, rounded peach curves that ripple beautifully with each collision of his waist before returning to its shapely, full form.

"Haa... haa..." He also started breathing roughly from the rising pleasure.

While still shaking his waist, Li Feng gaze slowly moved upward from her round hips, up along her straight spine, to the soft white flesh spilling slightly over the table.

’Such a fine woman... now she’s all mine to use freely.’

Li Feng felt like he could finally unleash every desire inside him with this mature "friend" of his.

With desire surging in his chest, Li Feng gripped her waist even tighter and his movements growing faster and more urgent.

"Ahh~Haa~... Hah!"

Madam Zhu could only trembled, as her body swaying frantically against the table, letting out soft, breathless moans as warmth and tension coursed through her.

Soon,

"Ugh...!"

Li Feng gripped the soft waist tightly and released deep inside this helpful friend of his.

Spurt!

"Ah~... Haaa..."

Madam Zhu, her hair had loosened slightly as strands sticking to her cheeks and lip but she barely noticed it as a shiver currently ran down her spine.

A sigh of relief escaped her lips as she felt the shaking gradually subsided.

’Ahh... so hot... it’s coming inside me.’

Her eyes turned misty and dazed as she felt that slowly filling sensation spreading inside her from below.

Just then, when she thought she could catch her breath...

After the filling sensation stopped,

"Ah..?"

Madam Zhu gasped slightly in surprise as the hands on her waist released and then move to firmly grasped her upper arms, causing her body to lean up just enough for her full bare ample breasts to be exposed, hanging in the air slightly forward.

Before she could turn her head, the man behind resumed his movements again.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"Ah~! Ha...! Hah!"

Her melodic moans continued to leak out as her big breasts bounced wildly and enticingly with each of his thrust.

Spurt!

Not long after, she felt another burst of hot sensation deep within her already full inside.

"Aaa~...Ahh"

Her body continued to twitch slightly and shake intermittently from the hands holding her, as if he was trying to shake her body to squeeze himself.

Madam Zhu, currently breathing roughly and seem to be a bit out of breath , gulped a bit, feeling the hard thing inside her still refusing to calm down.

"...Y-Young Master, how about a brea—"

Her words were cut short as she was pulled up until her back hit the hard chest of Li Feng behind her, who was also leaning down slightly.

One of his rough hand holding her upper arms now moved to her lower abdomen, as if trying to press from the outside, making it tighter for the his thing currently inside her.

Meanwhile, the other hand went straight and grasped her drooping white breast..

Slowly without another word, Li Feng resumed his waist again, ignoring her protests.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"H-Haaa~"

Madam Zhu couldn’t help but feel the shape inside her even more clearly due to the hand on her lower abdomen pressing down slightly yet firmly.

"Ugh..."

Li Feng, feeling the tightness, groaned in pleasure as he leaned down and nuzzled her neck while inhaling her intoxicating scent and enjoying the softness in his hands as he molded it roughly.

"A-Ah~... Haa..!"

Madam Zhu, who being held and drilled in this half-standing position for a while, began to feel a strange tingling sensation slowly coursing through her spine....

"Ha~Ahh~... W-Wait..!"

She subconsciously tried to push Li Feng away with her hands on his thick, muscular thigh, wanting him to stop... but her resistance only seemed to fuel his desire even more.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"Ugh..."

Spurt!

"Ahh~"

Madam Zhu’s spine arched beautifully under his restraint at another wave of warmth filling her, her eyes and lips parted as her mind momentarily went blank.

Her breath hitched as she shivered and trembled.

"Ahh... Ahh..."

Right now she could only gasped intermittently, under Li Feng overwhelming intimacy.

Suddenly, the hand that had been holding her possessively released her, causing her body to slide down onto the table.

"Phew~ that was a refreshing start."

Li Feng smiled with relief, wiping his forehead as if he had just finished a hard labor, then looked down at the beautiful woman lying on the table, her body still twitching slightly.

Then he smiled lewdly again, ready for another round.

"But doing it on the table feels a bit restrictive..."

He glanced around a bit while spreading his divine sense, and soon he noticed there actually another room deeper inside this room and there appeared to be a bed in there.

Li Feng grinned. "Let’s change place, Madam."

Without waiting for her reply, he removed his little brother which still rock hard from the tight and wet embrace.

Plop...

Drip...

Drip...

Almost immediately, a trail of white translucent fluid flowed out.

Li Feng didn’t seem to mind as he picked up the twitching and dazed Madam Zhu by her waist, like he was carrying a sack of potatoes and headed toward that room.

Once inside, he closed the door and saw a luxurious wooden bed with a seemingly soft and fluffy mattress.

He walked toward it and casually tossed the soft, voluptuous body in his hands onto the bed.

Just as he was about to climb in, Li Feng froze slightly as his eyes fell on the bed curtain.

And a idea came up in his mind,

"Ah... the senior sister’s way is quite interesting."

He still remembered the sensation of being entangled in the dark, private space like a snake with his senior sister back at his small residence in the sect.

It was almost as if the small, dark space heightened his sense of smell and touch even more.

With a lewd grin and excitement, he pulled the curtain down, slowly hiding the interior of the bed from view.

"Hehe..."

Seemingly satisfied, Li Feng stepped forward and lightly parted the curtain as he climbed onto the bed, his heart thumping even louder at the sight of the half naked gorgeous, mature woman waiting for him in this dark, private space... ready to be devoured.

Soon, a pleasure-filled moan from a woman, along with the rough grunt of a man, floated out as the curtain fluttered slightly from time to time.