Chapter 273: Honeymoon (6)

Inside Li Feng’s cave,

Li Feng could be seen completely naked as he stood in front of the bed.

At that moment, he was leaning down slightly as the tall, bulky muscles on his back stretching slightly.

"Here... lift up your legs a bit."

"Hmm? This net thing feels a bit weird."

"Hehe... don’t worry, you’ll get used to it."

His hands moved busily as he helped Jian Ruyi put on the bunny costume.

Of course, he never missed the opportunity as his hands occasionally grew mischievous and naughty.

Yet Jian Ruyi didn’t seem to mind, as she was more curious about the strange piece of clothing.

From what she had been told, it was called a bunny outfit.

’It does look strange.’

Jian Ruyi glanced down at her breasts, which were completely exposed and only covered by heart-shaped black patches.

’But since Li Feng likes it, I should learn to wear it by myself.’

She looked at his face beside her, now filled with desire as a lewd smile curving his lips as he breathed roughly.

Soon after Li Feng finished, he let out a satisfied smile and sat back on the bed.

Looking at his proud work on his wife, Li Feng grinned.

"Step back a bit and twirl your body for me."

Jian Ruyi nodded obediently and slowly, gracefully gave a twirl.

There, Li Feng could see it clearly.

Her slender body was outlined from her hips to her small waist by the tight, black corset-like bodice.

The glossy material hugging every subtle curve of her slender body like second skin.

The high-cut sides showed off her bare hips and pelvis, with only a thin string slipping between her thighs.

Not to mention that fluffy white tail perched just above her small perky rounded peach.

Below,

Long black fishnet stockings hugged her legs, where the contrast of dark netting against her flawless white skin felt almost seductive.

Meanwhile, the iconic bunny ears crowned her head, swaying faintly whenever she moved.

And then there was the collar.

A slim black band circled her slender throat, fastened with a tiny silver heart charm.

It looked as though she were declaring that she already have an ownership.

Jian Ruyi finished her slow twirl and came to a stop facing him again.

Her sharp yet innocent black eyes lifted to meet his.

"Is this... good?" she asked softly, tilting her head just slightly as one long ear flopping cutely with her movement.

Li Feng didn’t answer right away as he just sat there in awe.

Right now, his eyes were locked on her exposed chest, which was barely covered by a heart-shaped patch.

It swayed enticingly with every small movement.

Gulp.

Li Feng’s little brother had already gone into overdrive.

It hardened and pointed straight toward the heavens, as if defying the sky itself.

Jian Ruyi also noticed the hard thing standing proudly between her husband’s legs and couldn’t help but smile softly.

She had learned that whenever that thing became hard, it meant her husband was showing his love and desire for her.

’But...how should I show mine?’ Jian Ruyi wondered seriously as she stood there, thinking.

Then Li Feng’s voice interrupted her thoughts.

His voice came out low and rough, almost like a growl.

"Ruyi... come here."

He spread his legs wider, his eyes never leaving her body.

Jian Ruyi stepped forward without hesitation, her fluffy tail swaying gently behind her with each careful step.

When she reached him, Li Feng reached out and caught her by the slim waist.

He looked up at her from close range, his gaze burning with hunger.

"Kneel."

Jian Ruyi blinked for a second before obediently sinking to her knees as he asked.

Now directly in front of her was her husband’s hard, thick manhood, she frowned slightly in concentration, trying to remember if her mother had ever mentioned anything about this.

Seeing such an innocent yet serious little bunny in front of him, Li Feng let out a low growl.

He grabbed her small head and guided it toward his hardened length.

"Suck it."

Jian Ruyi felt the hot, throbbing thing press against her cheek and she hesitated for a moment.

"This...how exactly should I do it?"

Li Feng chuckled lewdly.

"Hehe, just treat it like a big sugar candy... and eat it."

Hearing this, Jian Ruyi nodded.

She tried to imagine that the hot, throbbing thing in front of her was actually a big piece of candy.

Slowly, she parted her lips and let her small red tongue slip out.

Tentatively, she began to lick along the veiny shaft.

"Ohh~...

Li Feng let out a low, satisfied sigh at the feel of her clumsy, innocent mouth.

’I really should have Ning Jianli and Jing Lu teach her how to use that pretty mouth properly later~.’

Remembering the mind-blowing oral service he had received from them before, he couldn’t help but start planning it already.

He looked down at his adorable wife, still licking so earnestly and innocently.

’But at this rate, I’ll never get to release.’

Suddenly, he stopped her by gently but firmly gripping the back of her head with one hand.

"Ahh, that’s enough for now. Let me show you how to really make me feel good with your mouth..."

Jian Ruyi’s eyes lit up when she heard this

Just like a diligent student being taught a new sword technique, she looked up at him with complete seriousness.

"Please show me."

Li Feng grinned wolfishly.

He grasped her head with both hands now and angled the swollen head of his little brother right against her small, soft lips

"Open your mouth wide... and take all of it inside."

She nodded obediently and parted her lips as far as she could.

It looked impossibly small...like there was no way it would ever fit.

But then Li Feng slowly guided her head downward.

Slurp...

The thick tip slipped past her lips and disappeared inside.

"Mhmm...?"

Jian Ruyi’s mouth was stretched to its limit.

She had never opened it this wide before.

Yet, as expected of a cultivator’s body, it adapted almost instantly to the new intrusion.

Like a snake swallowing an enormous prey, she gradually took more and more of him in.