Chapter 72: A Distant Memory

After deciding which quest to accept, Li Feng started heading back to his place.

He planned to ask Fen Ziyan what he should prepare, since she probably had more experience doing quests outside the sect than he did.

But when he arrived, he still found Fen Ziyan sleeping soundly in his bed.

’Better let her rest a little longer’, he thought.

He then moved to the chair, sat down and took out the Iron Meteor Toss manual to begin studying it.

Soon, only the occasional clink of his teacup and the gentle fragrance of tea filled the room.

By the time the sun had already set, he was still quietly immersed in his reading.

Fen Ziyan slowly began to stir, feeling more refreshed after a good nap.

"Mmm~"

She sat up and stretched, causing the blanket to start slipping down to reveal the perfect curve of her body.

She was still wearing the transparent nightgown he had gifted her.

Li Feng noticed this alluring sight , just simply stared with a grin.

"Good Morning, Senior Sister," he greeted jokingly.

"Morning?" Fen Ziyan blinked her crimson eyes in confusion, becoming a little dazed by his words.

But when she glanced outside the window and saw the sun had already set.

"You really slept like a pig, Senior Sister."

Realizing he was just teasing her, Fen Ziyan stood up with a displeased expression, puffing out one cheek in a pout.

"Hmph! You’re the pig!" she shot back, crossing her arms beneath her prominent chest before turning her back toward him.

Li Feng smiled at the sight of his cute senior sister and got up, walking toward her.

"Senior Sister, don’t be mad. You just looked so cute that I couldn’t resist teasing you."

He hugged her from behind, then gently pulled her onto his lap as he sat down on the bed.

Under Li Feng’s sweet words and gentle warmth, Fen Ziyan quickly softened. She leaned her soft body against him while grumbling in complaint.

"I’m not cute! I’m the most beautiful!"

"Yes, yes, Senior Sister Fen is the most beautiful woman in the world!"

Li Feng continued to shower her with praise.

After snuggling against Fen Ziyan’s soft body for a while, Li Feng suddenly spoke in a more serious tone.

"Senior Sister, I’ve found a pill in my inheritance memories that can help with your breakthrough."

"Really!?" Fen Ziyan’s crimson eyes lit up with joy as she exclaimed and turned her head to look back at him.

"Yes, but I need some more time to master it... so it might take a while," Li Feng said, though his gaze couldn’t help but drift toward her swaying, generous breast.

Actually, He already had the necessary pill and planned to give it to her when they arrived at Whitesilk City.

For now, he just wanted to give some hope to his hardworking Senior Sister after she had done such a wonderful job tending to his needs.

"Don’t worry, Junior Brother. I can wait as long as you need! I’ve been stuck for so long—waiting a little longer isn’t a problem for me."

Fen Ziyan reassured him with a smile and proudly lifted her chin, as if to show off that she has an endless patience.

Seeing this beautiful, and cute Fen Ziyan, Li Feng’s hand which was still wrapped around her from behind, slowly slid upward, and cup those enticing breast.

"Ha!?" Fen Ziyan let out a surprised gasp, suddenly feeling that familiar rough hand on her breast.

"And Senior Sister, I’ve accepted a sect quest. One of them is to escort a merchant group, and the other is to investigate the disappearance of some villagers, suspected to be the work of a demonic beast."

Li Feng explained casually, all the while his hand began to toy with her breast.

He even parted the slit of her nightgown, letting her pink bead peek free, and slowly teased it with his finger.

"So I just wanted to ask for some advice, since this is my first time doing a quest outside the sect."

Fen Ziyan let out a soft moan as she felt her sensitive part being played with.

A blush spread across her neck as she tried to speak.

"T-Then we need to prepare some things for the journey... like communication talismans, some pills, and... Haa~"

She bent forward slightly, letting out another moan as Li Feng’s fingers sandwiched her stiff bead.

"Ha... ahh..."

"Then I’ll have to trouble Senior Sister to prepare them tomorrow, since you have more experience," Li Feng said. "And don’t worry about spirit stones and just buy all the necessary items. As for the pills, just tell me what you need, and I’ll refine them."

Li Feng decided to let her handle the preparations, since she had likely done quests outside the sect before and would know best what to bring.

"Okay... haa," Fen Ziyan replied softly as she felt his heat desire.

She couldn’t help but feel a bit perplexed, thinking Li Feng was probably going to spread her legs again as she still felt somewhat tired and hadn’t fully recovered yet.

’But I can’t reject Junior Brother...since he’s willing to help me so much.’

Li Feng then gently laid her down on the bed and got up, undressing until he was completely butt naked.

Fen Ziyan, seeing this, let out a soft sigh and slowly leaned back onto the bed and also got into position, then spread her legs apart.

She closed her eyes, preparing to feel the deep penetration along with that mind-numbing pleasure again.

But to her surprise, Li Feng simply lay down next to her, scooping her up a bit onto his chest.

"Let’s rest, Senior sister. We’ve got a lot to do tomorrow," he said with a smile, enjoying the warmth of her soft body against him.

"Eh?"

Fen Ziyan let out a cute noise, not expecting him to stop.

Everything she knew about him suggested he would never miss a opportunity to ravage her, and he is always eager to do it more.

Seeing her cute, dumbfounded look, Li Feng just flicked her forehead lightly.

"What? Don’t tell me Senior Sister wants to do it? Then I wouldn’t mind," he teasingly said while slowly lowering his hand onto her plump peach and start pulling her V-string panties aside.

"N-No, let rest for today!"

Fen Ziyan hurriedly replied, then felt his hand stop pulling and simply rest on her peach.

"Good night then, Senior Sister."

Fen Ziyan continue laying down on his chest and couldn’t help but get lost in his warmth and voice as she slowly melted her body against his.

"...Praise me..." she softly muttered, almost like a child asking for a bedtime story.

Li Feng hearing this just smile and patted her soft peach and softly praised her as if coaxing a child to sleep.

Soon, Fen Ziyan fell asleep again peacefully on his chest.

’So cute’, Li Feng thought, looking at her sleeping face and smiling.

It wasn’t that he didn’t want to spread her legs and lose himself in the pleasure again because he knew everything had limits.

He didn’t want to break this perfect, obedient Senior Sister at all.

It was better to train her slowly, letting her gradually adapt to his needs.

Li Feng continued patting her soft peach and enjoying her warmth until, after a while, he too began to feel sleepy.

"*yawn*..This is... kinda not bad too," he softly muttered before drifting off to sleep.

-

-

-

-

The sky darkened.

Heavy rain pouring down, drenching the surroundings building and filling the air with the constant sound of falling water.

"Ha... haa... haa...! "

A teenage boy in a school uniform, soaked from the rain and holding an umbrella, ran frantically across the corridor, rushing somewhere.

A row upon row of classrooms passed by until he stood in front of one that seemed to be his target.

"Haaa... I hope she hasn’t gotten wet from this sudden rain."

He bent over slightly, catching his breath, but a bright smile always stay on his face.

Just as he was about to open the door, a voice cut through the door.

"Geez, babe, how long do I need to pretend to be that loser’s girlfriend?"

He froze, as he recognized that feminine tone immediately.

"Haha, why are you complaining? Isn’t it fun for you too? Pretending to be all innocent while behind his back~"

Another male voice spoke, one he also recognized.....the infamous delinquent of this school, he not yet expelled thanks to his powerful father.

"Hey~ it’s your idea, not mine... but I admit, this situation is kinda thrilling."

"Told you so. But that loser is so easy to believe your sweet act. Maybe it’s because his mother left him for a new family, and that made him crave another woman’s warmth...? Haha, this is so hilarious and pathetic."

"..." His hand, resting on the door, slowly slid down as he listened to their conversation, and his fingers start clenching the umbrella tightly.

He continue to remained standing there in silence, as his head lowered so that his wet hair hid his eyes.

*Drip*

*Drip*

Droplets of water continued to fall and trace down along his chin from his wet hair.

Whether it is from the rain... or from his tears.

Only he knew.

After standing in front of the door in silent for a while, it suddenly slid open.

The pair of man and woman who stepped out widened their eyes in surprise when they noticed the wet boy standing there.

"Li Feng?? What are you doing h—"

Slap!

Before she could finish, the boy struck her face hard.

The delinquent boy, seeing this, raised his fist.

"You bastard! You want to die—!?"

Smack!

Before he could finish, the wet boy slammed the umbrella handle against his head, causing him to stumble backward.

Li Feng then straddled him, raining down punch after punch as thunder roared and flashed behind him, as if to show his bitterness, humiliation, betrayal, and anger.

Just as he raised his hand high, ready to strike again

Bam!

Something hit him hard on the head from behind.

Then, everything went dark.

-

-

Inside the deep night of Li Feng’s residence,

Li Feng slowly opened his eyes.

"...A nightmare?"

He sat up slowly, looking at the serene, dark room.

Then his gaze lowered to the beautiful, sleeping face of Fen Ziyan.

’Is she having a good dream or something?’ he wondered.

Li Feng then lightly poked her cheek, noticing the smug smile on her lips as if she were indeed enjoying a pleasant dream.

"Mmnn..."

After a few gentle pokes, he stopped teasing her and let out a soft sigh, glancing at his hands that was once weak, now filled with strength.

"Hmm... this is the new me now. No point in dwelling on the past."

Li Feng smile and chuckled softly, seemingly unaffected by his nightmare.

To him, it was nothing more than a memory of the young, naive version of himself from the old world.

What mattered now was improving his current self and enjoying all that life here could offer.

He then lay back, hugging the beauty in his arms, and once again drifted off to sleep.