Chapter 73: Meeting Wei Meilin again

The next day,

After waking up, Li Feng began preparing the pills Fen Ziyan wanted for their upcoming journey.

She also took his spirit stones to buy the other supplies they needed.

Once everything was ready, the two of them set out for Cloudveil City to meet the merchant who had requested escorts.

-

At Cloudveil City,

Li Feng and Fen Ziyan finally arrived.

"Still bustling as always," Li Feng commented as he glanced around, though he noticed the streets weren’t as crowded as before—likely due to the the sect tournament had ended.

Fen Ziyan currently beside Li Feng, holding a folded sheet of paper that contain the detailed of the merchant group.

She had gone ahead to request further information, since Li Feng hadn’t even bothered to check which merchant group they were supposed to escort.

"That merchant location should be in the North District. It appears to be a medium-sized group called the Silk Caravan Group."

She then lifted her gaze toward the sky. "According to the details, we’ll likely be setting out soon...probably in a two or three hour."

Li Feng just nodded after hearing the details and smiled.

"Senior Sister, how about you go and inform the merchant about our presence first?"

Fen Ziyan, hearing this, tilted her head and asked,

"Eh? What about you?"

"I actually have some agreement with an alchemist hall in this city." Li Feng pulled up his alchemist badge and continued, "So I was planning to head there real quick to see if they need any help refining some pills, since I’ll probably be gone for a while with this quest."

Fen Ziyan eye frowned as she seemed a bit reluctant to suddenly separating from him for some reason.

Seeing her hesitation, Li Feng put on an admiring and pleading gaze, then held her hand.

"Please, Senior Sister? You’re the only one I can trust to prepare ahead... for me. Only someone as capable and beautiful as you can do it~"

At Li Feng sweet words,

A suppressed smile curved on Fen Ziyan’s lips at his words of trust and praise.

"Hmph, you’re lucky to have someone as experienced as me accompanying you."

She lifted her chin proudly, with a satisfied smile as she started heading toward the northern district.

"And you should hurry up with your business! We have to leave soon."

"Alright, I’ll head there right after I’m done,"

Li Feng replied, watching her disappear into the crowd.

"Now then... I wonder how Madam Wei is doing."

He still remembered their deal, so he planned to help her refine more batches of pills before leaving, since he would be gone for the quest for a while.

With that decided, he began heading toward the Wei Alchemy Hall.

_

After a while, the view of the familiar hall appeared.

"Oh? It seems something has changed while I’m gone."

Li Feng muttered as he noticed a stream of people who seemed to be customers going in and out.

He then walked inside, and saw the young clerk from before and a few new faces who seemed to have been recently hired, busily moving around and attending to customers.

"Welcome! Oh, Young Master Li...?"

The young clerk greeted Li Feng but then hesitated a bit after seeing his body had changed.

Li Feng just smiled and asked with a grin, "Yes, I’m back. Where’s Madam Wei?"

He wanted to see her, to talk about business and... he kind of missed her sinful body too.

"O-Ohh, Madam is upstairs in her office room, please go ahead."

Li Feng nodded and started heading upstairs.

Other customers, who had noticed him a while ago, began whispering among themselves.

"Is that the rumored alchemist?"

"Yes, he apparently can refine many high-quality pills, even flawless pills!"

"Madam Wei sure is lucky to have a talented alchemist working for her and...she even have a connection with the Medicine Valley too..."

Li Feng, who heard their whispers with his sharp senses, frowned.

’Medicine Valley? Since when did Madam Wei have connections to them?’

Li Feng had some knowledge after joining the Alchemist Guild.

There are two major factions that specialize in alchemy, and one of them besides the Alchemist Guild is the Medicine Valley.

Instead of being a faction-free group like a guild, Medicine Valley is basically like a sect.

They have their own system and everything, just like other sects.

Medicine Valley isn’t exactly strong, but it is very influential, as they also have a Rank 3 Grand Alchemist in their sect, plus they also have many connections and alliances ready to help them due to their ways of working and refining many rare pills for other major sects.

But they are also very low-key, as they are dedicated to the path of alchemy, and rarely involve themselves in other matters.

So that’s why he was surprised to hear that Madam Wei suddenly had a connection with them.

After coming up the stairs, a tall figure suddenly appeared in front of Li Feng, as if it had been waiting there for him.

"Goldie! Eh... your robe?"

Li Feng’s eyes brightened as he saw the figure, but he noticed the tears and cuts—the condition of the robe he had gifted Goldie was quite bad, almost as if it had just gone through a storm of blades.

"..." Goldie didn’t say anything, but judging by their connection, Li Feng understood that the mission he had given Goldie—to ensure Yin Rou’s safety—was complete.

But he smiled wryly, guessing that there had been a battle involving Yin Rou.

"Well, as long as it ended well... I wonder how that little rabbit has been doing?"

Li Feng shrugged casually, as he didn’t know the shocking things Goldie had done and couldn’t help thinking of that little girl, who seemed too beautiful to be a village girl.

He felt extremely lucky that he had picked a diamond among the dirt like that.

Thinking about how to devour that rabbit, Li Feng grinned lewdly and pushed open the door to Wei Meilin’s room.

"Madam Wei! I’m back~"

Inside the familiar room, Wei Meilin, still in her signature purple qipao, was currently buried in paperwork.

"Oh? Young Master Li, you... back?"

Wei Meilin smiled and turned her head toward the door upon hearing that familiar tone but paused a bit after seeing Li Feng, who seemed to have changed significantly in less than a week.

Seeing her shocked look, Li Feng grinned and flexed his muscles in a pose.

"Haha, surprise right ? I just found out I had quite a talent in body tempering, so I’ve advanced quite a lot in my cultivation."

Seeing the change and sensing the powerful aura from Li Feng, Wei Meilin’s mature and graceful face broke into an even brighter smile, as if she had won a big gamble.

"Really? Then congratulations, Young Master Li."

Wei Meilin stood up, went next to him, checked his hard muscles, and feeling the steel-like firmness.

She smiled even more, as the more powerful and capable Li Feng became, the more secure her future would be.

Li Feng, seeing those tight, firm breasts under her dress and feeling her mature and soft fragrance again as she leaned forward while checking his body, couldn’t help but feel his desire stir again.

He immediately hugged her soft and plump body, which seemed to made of water, and sank his hand into her plump shapely peach.

"Ah!" Wei Meilin just gave a surprised gasp but didn’t resist or reject his hand, and she seem even happier as she smiled seductively, seeing Li Feng still desired her.

After tasting the prestige and wealth brought by Li Feng’s status, she already couldn’t bear to part from it.

Wei Meilin gave a coquettish smile as she hugged Li Feng’s neck and leaned back to show off her perfect, shapely breasts, as she already noticed him stealing a glance.

Seeing this, Li Feng smile even more and wasn’t shy at all as he cupped her overwhelming breasts through the qipao.

"Mm~"

Wei Meilin’s heart started beating faster as she felt that rough, big hand again and closed her eyes.

Just as she thought Li Feng was going to push her down and spread her legs, he suddenly stopped his caress as she heard his next words.

"Madam Wei, I actually have to complete the sect quest, so I will be leaving for a while. Let me know if you need any pills refined."

Li Feng grinned teasingly, noticing the woman’s intention to seduce him again.

"You’re leaving?" Wei Meilin tilted her head at this, then nodded slightly with a disappointed tone and continued.

"Yes... I do need some pills to be refined...And it could be great if they could be flawless pills too."

Wei Meilin gave a greedy smile, still remembering the profit Li Feng’s flawless pills had brought.

Li Feng laughed and lightly spanked her, causing her peach to jiggle slightly under her dress.

"Haha, I still have some time before I leave today. Just bring all the ingredients, and I’ll refine them for you."

Wei Meilin blushed a bit, feeling the heat on her backside yet happy that Li Feng didn’t reject her and seem to favor her.

"Please wait a bit then, Young Master Li. I will go bring all the ingredients."

She replied with a beautiful smile, but a hint of calculation flash in her eyes.

Wei Meilin had actually prepared quite a lot of ingredients in advance, as she determined to work Li Feng to the bone after he came back.

Li Feng watched her swaying, seductive hips as she walked toward the door.

Just as she was about to leave, Li Feng thought of something and asked,

"By the way... where is Yin Rou? I don’t think I saw her."

Wei Meilin paused a bit and looked at Li Feng with an awkward expression.

"Hmm? What’s wrong?" Seeing her hesitation, Li Feng frowned and asked again.

Wei Meilin seemed to be searching for the correct answer, and after a moment, she replied,

"That... Yin Rou has been taken away..."

Almost immediately after her words dropped,

A suffocating pressure suddenly descended in the room.

Creak...

Creak...

The room seemed to start breaking under the intense pressure Li Feng unconsciously emitted due to his emotional fluctuation, as tables and chairs began to crack.

Wei Meilin swallowed hard, as sweat starting to fall down her temple after sensing the pressure, which seemed to feel like something from... the vast sky.

And then she heard Li Feng’s words, full of suppressed anger, as if someone had stolen something precious that belong to him.

"....What did you say?"