Chapter 324: Body Tempering Path.

Just a moment ago,

Li Feng, Shui Ruo and Tie Shan could be seen rushing toward the place where the light had fallen.

"Big Brother~ would you mind teaching me how to build such a perfect body like yours?"

Tie Shan smiled while rubbing his hands as they used their movement techniques to travel.

He looked at Li Feng as though he were staring at a perfect idol.

Li Feng, on the other hand, looked visibly annoyed and simply stopped replying.

It wasn’t that he didn’t want to share any tips, but rather... that he didn’t know how.

His body was the result of a special physique, so he couldn’t exactly tell this muscle-headed guy to go get one, right?

With a sigh, he said helplessly while jumping through the trees.

"I really don’t know."

Tie Shan didn’t seem bothered by the answer, but he quickly switched tactics.

"Then how about you join our Earth Dragon Sect, Big Brother Li? A Qi Refinement cultivator with a body already tempered to the Spirit Body realm is completely unheard of. You would definitely receive all the best resources from the sect!"

The moment Li Feng heard this, he immediately rejected the idea.

For one, he didn’t need help from others to get stronger.

More importantly... he preferred the Azure Moon Sect more.

Not only was it his first sect, but there were also Yue Lan, Fen Ziyan, and his new master.

There was no way he could abandon them.

’It’s definitely not because the Azure Moon Sect has more beautiful fairies...’ Li Feng murmured to himself resolutely, even as he couldn’t help noticing the difference in beautiful fairies between the Azure Moon Sect and the others.

Speaking of beauty, he couldn’t help but miss his fiery senior sister a little.

’No, after this matter is over, I definitely need to have a secluded cultivation session with both senior sisters for a whole month!’

Just imagining spending a month inside a cave with an ice fairy and a fiery fairy almost made him drool.

And that wasn’t impossible as he already possessed a powerful dual cultivation technique.

Li Feng could already imagine Yue Lan’s eyes brightening when she learned about this.

But it seemed Tie Shan still wasn’t ready to give up.

After all, to the Earth Dragon Sect, Li Feng was like a divine treasure... something that had never existed before in their entire history!

A Qi Refinement cultivator who had managed to temper his body to the Spirit Body realm was simply unheard of.

Body Tempering was an ancient path that mortals had once walked when the Dao and the true way of cultivation were still unknown.

It was an extremely torturous and difficult path.

Not everyone could cultivate using spiritual energy, as there were still many people who lacked a spiritual root.

And not all places had spiritual veins or abundant spiritual energy either.

That was why, in some regions where spiritual qi was scarce or nonexistent, many mortal kingdoms still relied solely on the Body Tempering path as their only means of growing stronger.

The first stage of Body Tempering was the Mortal Body Realm, a level that many Qi Refinement and Foundation Establishment cultivators could achieve.

The next realm was the Innate Body Realm, a stage that most Foundation Establishment and Golden Core cultivators would reach.

As for the realm after that.... the Spirit Body Realm, it was where one’s body underwent a complete transformation.

It allowed even those without a spiritual root to cultivate, as their body could now naturally absorb spiritual energy instead of relying on a spiritual root.

This was the dream of countless mortals who lacked spiritual roots but desperately wished to cultivate.

However, no mortal had ever succeeded in reaching it.

Even for talented cultivators, achieving the Spirit Body Realm was extremely difficult.

Most powerful Golden Core experts simply ignored this path as normally, even Golden Core cultivators found it nearly impossible to temper their bodies to the Spirit Body Realm.

It required almost a torturous effort, and even then, success was not guaranteed.

Because of this, most would stop at the Innate Body Realm.

The main reason most Golden Core cultivators didn’t bother pursuing the Spirit Body Realm was simple.... they didn’t need it.

Their strength was already terrifying, and focusing their time on normal cultivation would yield far better results than walking that painful, uncertain path.

And despite the horrendous effort required, the rewards were not as sweet as one might expect.

The Spirit Body Realm only made the body as strong as that of a Golden Core cultivator, while granting a slightly longer lifespan thanks to the ability to absorb spiritual energy.... and that was all.

So, for most Golden Core cultivators, it was far more worthwhile to invest their time in learning powerful offensive techniques or secret arts instead.

But why did Tie Shan think so highly of Li Feng?

It was because the Earth Dragon Sect was fundamentally a Body Tempering sect, even though their disciples were also proper cultivators.

They basically embraced and combined both paths, creating cultivator that no one wanted to face in close combat.

That was exactly why they understood better than anyone else just how difficult it was to temper one’s own body.

Heck, even the Nascent Soul ancestors of the Earth Dragon Sect would shake Li Feng’s hand and deeply appreciate him if they saw what he had achieved.

’I must tell Master about this!’

Tie Shan hardened his resolve.

He refused to let such a body-tempering genius continue mingling with those soft-bodied sects... especially the Azure Moon Sect, which focused far more on Yin than Yang, resulting in a far greater number of women than men there.

Just as he was about to continue convincing Li Feng, the three of them reached the battlefield.

And they looked at the chaotic scene in confusion.

Tie Shan immediately turned toward the blade tempest in the distance and narrowed his eyes.

"That’s him—"

RAOR!!

Suddenly, a thunderous roar shook the earth and blinded the entire battlefield with light.

"W-What?!"

Shui Ruo cried out in shock as she covered her face.

By the time the trembling stopped and the light faded,

Li Feng was... gone.

_

_

_