Chapter 71: Sect Quest

At Yue Lan’s residence,

The door suddenly opened as Yue Lan and Li Feng stepped out.

Yue Lan was currently seen massaging her throat with a slight frown, while her red lips were still glistening.

A drop of white translucent liquid was at the corner of her lip as she could still feel the lingering heat in her throat, then she turned her eye toward the person responsible for her current state.

"Cough*Cough* -What kind of technique you practicing....? Why is your down there also growing much bigger than before...." she asked, still remembering the size.

’Is he practicing some kind of donkey technique or something...?’

Yue Lan didn’t know her words gave an ego boost to him.

Li Feng who was fixing his sash, smiled proudly upon hearing this.

"Hehe, it’s a very powerful technique. Senior Sister must have felt my strength too."

Yue Lan couldn’t rebuke that, as during their "quickie," she had indeed felt the pure strength from his hand on her head.

’...Even his thing seems to have become stronger too,’ she inwardly thought.

Seeing this beautiful Senior Sister, who had his thing deep in her throat and had swallowed his essence, Li Feng began to feel reluctant and went to hug her again.

Yue Lan just let him hold her, and after a moment, she spoke.

"...Junior Brother, I have to go now."

Li Feng peeled himself away from her soft and warm body with a reluctant face.

"I’m really going to miss you a lot, Senior Sister... but as long as it means that Senior Sister will improve, then I don’t mind!" he said in a manly tone.

Yue Lan just smiled at this, then a hint of mischievousness flashing in her eyes as she lifted her chin a bit.

"Kiss me then."

Li Feng, who saw that a little of his essence was still on her lips, froze as his face stiffened.

He didn’t mind feeding his essence to other women, but... he really didn’t want to drink it himself.

’Wait, does that make me gay...?’

"Ahem... You should not keep an Elder waiting any longer!" Li Feng tried to dodge the issue as he gently pushed Yue Lan back.

"Oh, right! I have to go check on the Affairs Hall regarding the sect quest. Well then, see you in a month,Senior Sister !"

He then swiftly ran away.

Yue Lan simply smiled, shaking her head slightly at his reaction.

Slowly, she ran her small tongue across her lips, licking away the faint white liquid.

A soft and gentle expression appeared on her face as she whispered to herself,

"...It doesn’t really taste that bad now."

-

-

At the Outer Sect Affairs Hall,

Many disciples bustled about, coming and going.

Li Feng, who had just arrived, noticed the same old crowd.

The area was especially dense around the giant quest wooden board.

Li Feng, who knew the way since he came here every month, also headed toward the quest board.

A disciple, feeling Li Feng’s presence, complained,

"Hey, watch where you’re going...?"

The disciple stopped mid-sentence as he turned and saw Li Feng, unable to resist feeling a bit intimidated by his aura.

"Oh? Sorry, I didn’t mean to push you," Li Feng said, trying to apologize, though he really hadn’t intended to push anyone.

He didn’t know that even the slightest touch of his body against another disciple felt like a push.

"A-Ah? No, there’s no need to apologize. It was my fault too for standing in the way," the disciple nervously stepped aside for Li Feng.

Suddenly, the tight space around Li Feng seemed to part as other disciples also instinctively created some distance from him.

"Okay? Thanks."

Li Feng smiled, unable to help but praise the considerate fellow disciples.

The wooden quest board displayed general quests that the sect deemed suitable for most disciples, as they didn’t involve much risk.

These mostly consisted of gathering herbs, slaying some weak demonic beasts, or tending the Spirit Garden.

They were mostly easy tasks that yielded rather average rewards.

For more complicated and dangerous quests, a disciple had to ask the disciple at the counter and then undergo a simple assessment to determine if they were fit for the harder mission.

As the sect didn’t want their disciples to die meaningless deaths out of overconfidence, and they also didn’t want to risk losing their reputation if a disciple failed an important quest.

Of course, the rewards for these harder quests were mostly high too.

’Hmmm... nothing here seems worth my time,’ Li Feng thought, scanning the entire board almost instantly with his sharp eyes.

He wanted a quest against powerful and suitable foes to test his strength, but there was nothing appropriate on this general quest board.

Li Feng also considered trying to spar with Goldie, but he wanted to go all out and was truly afraid he might go overboard and damage Goldie, as he could somewhat feel that his strength was extremely powerful.

Li Feng decided to head toward the counter, where a young, female-looking disciple stood.

She had already noticed Li Feng’s figure ever since he stepped in, his muscular body catching pretty much everyone attention here as it truly rare to see a Body Tempering Cultivator in this sect.

With a professional smile, she asked,

"Senior Brother, can I help you with something?"

Li Feng was a bit surprised to hear someone call him "Senior Brother" for the first time.

"Oh, I want to check the special quests," he said with a polite smile.

The young female disciple smiled back and picked up a measuring stone, placing it on the counter.

"Senior Brother, please place your hand on this. We need to assess if your strength meets the threshold."

The sect’s assessment wasn’t too difficult as they used this quick measurement stone to roughly gauge a disciple’s general strength.

The stone wouldn’t be able to measure true strength, as its purpose was simply to ensure that the disciple wishing to attempt a special quest had some basic qualifications.

As long as it glowed green, it meant the disciple’s strength met at least the minimum requirement.

Li Feng nodded and placed his hand on the stone.

Then the stone glowed a bright green, and nothing else happened.

The female disciple nodded and pointed him toward the upstairs area, where the special quest board was posted.

"Please head upstairs, Senior Brother."

Li Feng nodded and thanked her, then headed upstairs.

The other disciples downstairs just glanced his way, not too surprised, as there were many powerful disciples in the Outer Sect who could access the upper level.

Soon, Li Feng arrived at the special quest wooden board.

The area seemed much less crowded, with only a few disciples present.

But Li Feng could sense that all of them were at least 7th Realm of Qi Refinement, and there was even someone at the 9th Realm.

No one paid much attention to Li Feng; at most, they gave a small nod as a greeting.

Li Feng nodded back and headed to check the quest board.

His eyes brightened a little as he noticed the increase in difficulty.

Then he spotted a quest that caught his attention and it seemed to be an escort mission.

[Quest: Escort a Merchant Group]

[Description:] Escort the group from Cloudveil City to Whitesilk City.

[Danger:] Medium to High

[Note:] There were rumors of many bandit groups moving into the route to Whitesilk City due to a sudden crackdown in the surrounding Fen Dynasty territory. As a result, they tried to flee into other regions and had to pass through this route. Some, however, had become active there and had begun attacking traveling merchants.

[Reward:] 500 Spirit Stones

"Hmm... this one seems good."

Li Feng didn’t really care much about the reward, but the rumors of so many bandits caught his interest.

Even if they might not be as strong as he imagined, he grinned darkly.

’I can just use their numbers to test some of my theories on my strength... and my... brick technique.’

Then, just as he pulled that quest paper, another paper underneath it fell to the floor.

"Oh?" Li Feng murmured, curious and look down.

He noticed this quest paper seemed quite old, as if it had been there for years.

He picked it up to take a closer look.

[Quest: Help Slay a Demonic Beast for a Small Village in the Far North of Whitesilk City]

[Description:] Some villagers have gone missing, suspected to be the work of a demonic beast based on the trails and clues the villagers have found.

[Danger:] Medium

[Note:] From the clues, it is suspected to be a sneaky type Rank 1 demonic beast, as the nearby city forces have never been able to locate it.

[Reward:] 50 Spirit Stones

"50 Spirit Stones?" Li Feng muttered, finally realizing why this quest had been hanging here for so long.

It seemed to be a troublesome quest, yet the reward was so low.

For the sect disciples, their time was very precious, so they didn’t want to waste it on a low-reward quest with an uncertain duration.

Usually, these kinds of investigation-and-slaying quests came with much higher rewards.

"Hmm...? Is it because it only happened in that small village?"

Li Feng now somewhat understood why the reward was so low.

If it had occurred in the city or nearby, the reward would have been higher, or perhaps even the city lord would have taken care of it.

After considering for a bit, Li Feng decided to accept this one as well, since it was on the way to Whitesilk City.

As for the third quest, he hadn’t decided yet, but if the worst came to worst, he could refine some pills to meet the last quota.

He also wanted the experience of fighting a sneaky opponent, especially since he have to accompany Yue Lan into the secret realm.

"I should go back and let Senior Sister Fen prepare."

Li Feng smiled and casually went to submit the quest paper, feeling great that he was about to leave the sect for the first time in a long while.

To him, this was just a simple training trip.

But Li Feng had no idea that the seemingly simple quest would soon expose him to bloodshed, ruthless cruelty, and the fragile, fleeting nature of life in this world....a harsh lesson that would strike sooner than he expected.