Chapter 192: Camp (5)

"Ah, you’re back, fellow junior sisters. Come, I left them alive for you."

Li Feng already felt something loosen in his chest after venting his discomfort on these demonic disciples.

And if he could score a few points of goodwill with these... fellow beautiful junior sisters, then why not?

That was exactly why he kept the remaining enemies barely alive.

Now, after that discomfort finally dissipated... his desire slowly rose.

Hearing his words, Ning Jianli and her junior sisters snapped back to reality.

Burning hatred flashed through their eyes.

Slowly, they gripped their swords and walked step by step toward the fallen demonic disciples.

Soon—

Screams erupted.

Groans twisted into shrill, desperate wails.

Bones cracked and blood splash.

Gruesome sights and sounds filled the camp.

Seeing such fierceness, Li Feng blinked a few times.

He hadn’t expected the "delicate fairies" of the Heavenly Sword Sect to be so... thorough and so intense...

Just then—

Ning Jianli walked toward him.

There was blood still splattered across her cheek.

Her breathing was heavy as his robe was slipping from her shoulders.

Yet despite her exhausted state, she approached with a composed, grateful smile.

"Thank you for your help, Senior Brother."

She clasped her hands and bowed slightly.

"I, Ning Jianli, and my fellow sisters from the Heavenly Sword Sect will never forget the favor you’ve done for us. Just tell us, and we will do our best to repay you."

Her eye and tone was solemn, firm and unwavering.

Then the other female disciples also clasped their hands and bowed deeply in gratitude.

Li Feng blink and replied,

"O-Oh... okay."

He honestly hadn’t expected them to be this serious.

Then he suddenly remembered the information about them.

He knew a bit about the Heavenly Sword Sect from his master and Elder Yu during their discussions.

In the Heavenly Sword Sect, discipline and righteousness had been carved into their bones since youth.

Unlike other sects that majorly recruited disciples, the Heavenly Sword Sect relied heavily on training children to become their own future disciples.

Most of these children were orphans or kids sold by their parents due to circumstance.

It wasn’t that they didn’t want to recruit anyone older but it was just that the sect founder’s philosophy relied on extreme diligence and discipline, something difficult to instill in grown individuals.

Which was why many of their disciples clearly understood when to repay favors... and when to repay hatred.

There was a saying:

If one treated the Heavenly Sword Sect sincerely, they would gain a powerful ally.

But become their enemy? Most ended up hunted down until they regretted their choice.

Their extreme way wasn’t just to sharpen their swords... but to prepare them for the cunning demonic sects because the Heavenly Sword Sect’s territory bordered the Lawless Land, where demonic cultivators and evil practitioners freely roamed.

There was a legend that the founder, known as the Heavenly Sword Saint, had a deep grudge against the demonic sects.

So that’s why he established his sect right on the border ... so he could hunt them endlessly.

And so, the Heavenly Sword Sect became like a killing machine when dealing with demonic cultivators.

It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say they spent their days hunting demonic sect members , which led to generations of hatred between the two sides.

But the Heavenly Sword Sect continued to exist until today, simply because ... they were powerful.

Li Feng who was still thinking this when Ning Jianli suddenly took off his robe and handed it back to him.

Her enticing, toned and trained body then fully revealed.

"Senior Brother, here is your robe."

She handed it to him seriously, solemnly, not caring in the slightest about her state of undress.

Li Feng stared straight at her strangely.

Then at the huge, drooping breasts that bounced slightly as she breathed.

.... She was eerily nonchalant about being naked in front of him.

’...It seems these fairies from the Heavenly Sword Sect are even more extreme.’

He couldn’t help thinking this as he took the robe back.

A hint of desire flashed deep in his eyes as he glanced at the grateful and heroic female disciples around him.

But then Ning Jianli hesitated slightly as she looked up at him.

Seeing this, Li Feng looked at this fierce, determined woman, now unexpectedly hesitant.

So he asked, wondering what could make someone like her falter like this.

"What’s wrong?"

Ning Jianli seemed to steel herself.

She bowed even deeper, causing her large bare breasts to sway more enticingly.

"Senior Brother... I know I already owe you a life-saving favor, but if I may be presumptuous... can I ask you for another favor?"

Then she looked at him with sharp, determined eyes and said solemnly,

"And I will make sure to do everything to repay you for it."

Li Feng, still staring at her swaying breasts, heard her words and grew curious.

"Oh? What is it? Tell me first."

Hearing his reply—

Ning Jianli’s sharp and composed expression twisted into one filled with hatred.

"There is another demonic cultivator," she said through clenched teeth. "Their senior brother."

She shook with fury.

"...Please help me kill him."

Her voice was thick with hatred and killing intent.

Li Feng sensed that sharp intent and looked at Ning Jianli, finally lifting his gaze from her breasts as he realized her words were implying something.

"You’re saying there’s another demonic cultivator responsible for all this?" he asked, glancing at the corpses around them.

Ning Jianli nodded.

"Yes, Senior Brother. There is another one who isn’t here at the moment... and he is also the one who killed my senior brother."

At her last words, she clenched her fists so tightly she bled.

She remembered how she was ambushed, how her senior brother .... her real brother died trying to protect her.

But in the end, she still got subdued.

Seeing her intense hatred, Li Feng couldn’t help but ask:

"It seems you have quite the hatred toward him... wouldn’t it be better to kill him with your own hands?"

Ning Jianli exhaled as she looked down, frustrated.

"...Yes, I want to kill him myself..."she whispered, voice shaking.

"...But I know I am no match for him."

Hearing this,

Li Feng rubbed his chin as he began thinking.

Helping such a beauty get revenge?

Not troublesome.

Not at all.

...And he had a feeling he would be given something very nice in return.

Li Feng smiled.

"Sure, I’ll help you. So where is this guy?"

Ning Jianli’s eyes brightened.

And just as she was about to reply—

A lazy voice drifted out from the trees.

"...Oi, oi. I leave for a bit and everyone’s dead?"

A handsome man wearing a bright red robe slowly walked out from between the trees, brushing leaves off his shoulders as he looked around curiously at the gruesome scene.

Then—

Ye Mo looked at Li Feng, clearly the one responsible.

He knew the captured "food" weren’t capable of this.

"...Did you do this ?" he asked with a friendly and bright smile.