Chapter 211: Sovereign Technique (4)

At his words,

Ning Jianli’s lips parted in a trembling whisper, as if relieved and guilty at the same time.

"...S–Senior Brother..."

She thought of repaying him, but now... she felt as if the debt kept growing.

She knew those pure waves of Yang and the pure spiritual Qi he poured into her were priceless.

It must be some powerful technique or even something unique to him.

Yet she had received them without giving anything in return.

Her guilt tightened in her chest.

’I... I have nothing equal to give him...’

As a disciple of the Heavenly Sword Sect, she had been taught to repay both favor and hatred.

Right now, she felt as if the favor Li Feng had bestowed upon her was already stacking to a suffocating degree, to the point that she almost felt afraid.

Her fingers curled weakly around the sheet as she looked at Li Feng timidly.

Li Feng’s heart thumped, desire surging at the sight of this serious, sharp woman now looking like a helpless sheep.

Understanding her thoughts, he leaned in and kissed her lips.

Ning Jianli was a bit surprised, but she offered no resistance; she even somewhat cooperated, parting her mouth for him.

Slurp...

"Hmm..."

She could feel his greedy tongue exploring her mouth, as if he wanted to mark her as his.

After several minutes had passed, Li Feng finally released her, a string of saliva still connecting them.

Looking at the truly melting Ning Jianli with soft eyes, Li Feng smiled and gently caressed her cheek.

"I know you must be overwhelmed, and I understand how your sect’s beliefs work. And I don’t want to burden you so...."

At his words, Ning Jianli sighed

Not only was Senior Brother Li great and kind...

He was also incredibly understanding too.

"Then since you know... P-Please tell me if there’s anything I can do to help repay you!"

She asked, almost shouting with urgency.

Hearing this, Li Feng grinned and said nothing.

He slowly leaned back and carefully withdrew his little brother from the tight, wet space.

Squelch...

At the feeling of that huge length slowly leaving her,

Ning Jianli looked confused, wondering if she had said something wrong.

Panic and fear began to fill her heart.

Before she could hurriedly ask Li Feng anything, he slightly rose and then settled himself on her chest as his wet, huge little brother positioned right in front of her face.

Li Feng smiled and gently aimed it toward her mouth.

"I don’t know... but for now, lend me your mouth," he said.

Ning Jianli blinked for a moment.

Then relief quickly spread through her, and she hurriedly nodded.

"Y-Yes, Senior Brother!"

Her voice trembled with happiness, thinking she could be of some use.

Even if it wasn’t as much as the favor he had bestowed upon her, the thought that she could give Li Feng even a little satisfaction made her feel content.

Looking at the wet huge length that had just left her lower mouth, she became serious.

She understood exactly what he wanted and opened her mouth, swallowing it without hesitation.

Slurp....

"Ohh~"

Li Feng moaned softly, feeling her small mouth slowly swallowing him as it soon completely enveloped by the wet flesh of her throat.

He grinned lewdly as he looked down at the woman below him, who resembled a tiny hamster trying to swallow a banana, her mouth stretched wide and puffed out, yet her eyes shone with focus and happiness.

Once again, he was reminded of how amazing a cultivator’s body truly was.

It was strong and flexible in every part.

If she were a normal woman, there was no way she could remain so calm as she would have choked with such a huge length deep inside her throat.

But he knew this, which was why he did it.

Li Feng smiled, then grabbed the back of Ning Jianli’s hair and leaned down

His massive body now hovering over her head.

Slowly, he began to move his waist.

gulp...

gulp...

gulp...

The sounds of wet gurgling echoed through the dark, cramped space as the bed shook beneath them.

Ning Jianli, her mouth stretched wide, felt the hot, thick length sliding in and out of her throat.

Yet her eyes seemed to smile.

’Hehe...’

A strange sense of satisfaction spread through her.

She finally felt a bit of relief, knowing she could help Li Feng.

And hearing Li Feng grunt as if he was enjoying himself, her eye seem to brighten even more as she continue to lay there and even trying her best to tigened her throat, hoping to make Li Feng feel even more better.

The scene of muscular man, almost half the size of the beautiful female below him, shaking his waist frantically above her mouth look quite strange yet debauch.

"Ugh... uhh..."

Li Feng close his eye, while enjoying the unique tightened pleasure that could only felt from deep throat a female.

A lewd smile began to spread across his face.

Right now, not only his body is satisfy, but also his pride too.

To be able to do this with those serious and fearless Heavenly Sword Sect disciple make him feel a weird sense of twist satisfaction.

And this was just one of them; there were still a bunch more waiting for him to choose outside the cave.

Li Feng almost laughed in happiness.

He had never imagined that his nightly activities would become even more thrilling inside the secret realm.

After moving his waist without care for a while, he felt the tingling sensation travel up his spine and know that he about to come.

His thrusts became rougher as his hand gripped Ning Jianli’s hair, making it become messy while the bed shook violently.

Gulp...!

Gulp...!

Gulp...!

Then—

Li Feng gritted his teeth and push the head deep until he could feel her soft lip on his crotch and release his seed deep into her throat.

Spurt!

"Hmm~"

Ning Jianli could feel the thick length twitching as it continue to release that hot liquid directly into her throat.

Her delicate neck, which seem to be bulging slightly, slowly making a swallowing motion.

Gulp...

"Ohh~"

Li Feng release a sigh of relief at bursting another nuts, but groaned softly when Ning Jianli suddenly raised her delicate hands and grabbed his firm buttocks, continuing to suck eagerly.

Slurp...

Slurp...

Slurp...

Her head moved up and down beneath him as if trying to extract every drop.

"Ugh~ That feels good, junior sister..."

Li Feng closed his eyes as he knelt on all fours, letting her continue moving beneath him like a determined leech.

"Slurp~"

Hearing his praise, Ning Jianli body twitch as if it satisfy, and with her eye sharp and serious, she continue to suck even more diligently.

And now the scene of a naked, muscular man kneeling on the bed on all fours could be seen.

His firm thighs could be seen twitching occasionally, clearly from pleasure.

Beneath him, between his muscular thighs, a beautiful naked young woman currently has her head pressed to his crotch.

She moved up and down and sucked with relentless determination, clinging to him like a leech that refused to let go.

Her small hand gripped his muscular butt firmly, holding on without any intention of letting go..

In that tight and dark space, their silhouettes intertwined, the shadow of them stucking together continuing on without pause.