Chapter 332: System Warning Once Again

Yan Moxuan’s pupils shrank.

"...A deal?"

His voice was low and guarded.

The darkness around them seemed to pulse faintly, as if breathing along with the figure.

It had no face, no features... just a vague humanoid outline formed from shifting shadows.

Yet somehow—

Yan Moxuan could feel its gaze watching him... studying him.

[...You seek... power...]

Its voice was fragmented and unstable, like echoes layered on top of one another.

[...You seek... recognition...]

Yan Moxuan’s expression hardened.

"...So what is your deal? Get to it already."

The figure stopped circling.

[...I can... give you... another chance...]

At those words, Yan Moxuan narrowed his eyes.

The figure slowly raised an arm, pointing at his chest.

[...You rejecting the "Divine Blood"...That is why... you lost...]

Yan Moxuan’s jaw tightened.

"...I lost because I was weak," he said coldly.

The figure tilted its head again.

[...No... You lost... because you were... limited...]

Those words struck deep inside him, but Yan Moxuan said nothing.

The figure’s voice grew slightly clearer.

[I... will help you activate his divine blood... and... remove this realm’s limitation... for you.]

At that being words, Yan Moxuan was shocked.

He understood exactly what it meant to activate the Divine Blood... and even remove the "Law" binding this secret realm.

Slowly, he looked at the figure, his gaze serious.

"...Who the hell are you?"

[My... identity is of no importance... but I want you to... do just one thing... for me...]

Yan Moxuan narrowed his eyes.

But as he listened to this strange being’s request, his expression grew even more unsettled.

By the end, he only murmured one sentence.

"...That is such an easy request."

Then a faint smile formed on his lips.

"Sure. I agree to this deal."

A wide grin slowly spread across the figure’s darkened face before it began to fade away.

[...You made... a wise... choice...]

And then—

Yan Moxuan’s body... began to burn.

"Ahhh!!"

He let out a painful scream as he felt something inside him... begin to stir.

Thump.

Thump.

Thump.

Yan Moxuan dropped to one knee, clutching his chest.

He looked down at his right chest and saw... a deep red mark appear, pulsing as if it were alive, beating like a heart that was not his own.

_

_

_

Meanwhile, outside...

Yue Lan and the others watched as the oozing black liquid began to overflow Yan Moxuan’s corpse.

They weren’t sure what to do now as they all just stood there and watch.

Then, beneath the black liquid, Yan Moxuan’s unseen body began to regenerate... grotesquely.

His arm, which had been torn apart by Li Feng, was slowly rebuilt, along with his missing head.

And soon,

His fingers... twitched.

_

_

_

At the same time—

Li Feng, who had just been slashed, stared at the blood splashing out, momentarily dumbfounded.

But then, he grinned slyly.

Wei Zhenxin noticed something was wrong and was about to retreat—

"Hehe... got you for real."

It seemed his days of pretending and acting so he could have fun, had made him a surprisingly good actor.

Li Feng, who had appeared immobilized earlier, suddenly erupted with terrifying speed and grabbed Wei Zhenxin by the face.

WHOOSH!!

Then he slammed her head into the ground.

BOOOM!!

The earth beneath them exploded like a volcanic eruption, the entire area trembling violently under the impact.

Dust and debris surged into the air, obscuring everything.

After the tremors subsided and the dust settled, Li Feng withdrew his hand and looked down at the unconscious woman.

He had held back... just enough to avoid crushing her skull.

"Tch... this is one stubborn woman."

Li Feng couldn’t help but think she was far too troublesome to deal with, not because of her strength, but because of her personality.

She was as stoic as a rock when it came to her ideals.

Looking at her delicate and beautiful features, Li Feng smirked and slowly leaned down, intending to place her inside the Divine Brick.

"Heh... sooner or later, with a personality like yours, you’ll suffer." he chuckled quietly, "So I might as well do it for you."

He had already instructed Little Ling to prepare an underground prison inside the Divine Brick, so for now, he planned to keep her contained there.

And after the secret realm ended, he would take his time to "re-educate" this stubborn woman.

But just as his hand was about to touch her...

A soft sigh echoed out.

"...You’re right."

The voice was calm, gentle...and aged.

"...This foolish disciple of mine will indeed suffer greatly if she does not change. Perhaps this will serve as a valuable lesson."

Li Feng’s eyes widened as his body froze again... and this time, it was far more terrifying than before.

Slowly, "Wei Zhenxin" opened her eyes and looked at Li Feng.

Those deep eyes, filled with endless wisdom and the weight of countless years, told him instantly....

...This was no longer Wei Zhenxin.

"...But even so... I cannot simply watch her suffer."

"Wei Zhenxin" spoke again and slowly rising to her feet.

Her presence shifted entirely.

Her pitch-black, silky hair began to change as strands of white blending in as if time itself was touching her.

Not only that, but her body seemed to grow more mature.

She had once appeared as a graceful young woman, but now, her presence exuded the refined, mature charm of someone in her prime.

She looked at Li Feng calmly.

"And I must thank you for not trying to kill her... For that, I am grateful for your mercy."

"Wei Zhenxin" now fully transformed, stood before him like a completely different existence.

And yet...

Li Feng’s attention wasn’t on her words.

His focus was on the system as a familiar red warning flashed before his eyes.

[Warning!]

[Warning!]

[Ding!]

[Host! Be careful! An extremely dangerous hostile entity has been detected!]

[Emergency Protocol Scan activated!]

[Ding!]

[Name: Wei Zhenxin (Tang Jiuming)]

[Title: Serene Cloud Immortal, Timeless Sage, Lord of Tranquil Heaven, Divine Palace’s Exemplar]

_

_

_

[Here an illustration of Tang Jiuming+Wei Zhenxin transformation:]