Chapter 94: Motive

Then Li Feng suddenly remembered the three people currently trapped inside his brick and decided to bring it up.

"...Senior sister."

He then started to explain everything , how he met an unknown group while chasing the bandits, and how he fought ’bravely’ against them after realizing they had ill intentions toward her.

Fen Ziyan frowned when she first heard about an unknown group targeting her, but her heart softened after hearing how Li Feng fought for her sake.

All the dissatisfaction she had toward him before completely faded away.

"So, do you know why they were targeting you?"

After finishing his explanation, Li Feng asked while noticing the softened look in her eyes, and mused inwardly, ’So easy.’

Fen Ziyan nodded slightly at his question. "Judging by the fact that they refused to reveal anything, and having a soul contract, it shows that these people might be Death Soldiers..."

Li Feng tilted his head slightly as it was the first time he had heard this term.

Seeing his confusion, she explained a bit further.

"Death Soldiers are those trained by powerful families from a young age. In exchange for the resources invested in them, they essentially sell their soul and body to the family, becoming slaves who carry out any command their masters give."

Li Feng nodded slowly, but one part caught his attention. "Powerful families? Do you have any enmity with such families?"

Fen Ziyan seemed to think for a moment before shaking her head. "No, at least not to my knowledge. But I’m guessing it’s probably one of the powerful families from my dynasty..."

Hearing this, Li Feng asked, "Why do you think that?"

Fen Ziyan let out a soft sigh. "Because Death Soldiers aren’t something an ordinary cultivation family can create. Only noble families with excessive resources, ones they can’t even make proper use of would have the leisure to do so. I can only think of those untalented yet wealthy families from my Fen Dynasty."

Li Feng mused, "So it’s like a rich family that has a lot of money but no talent themselves, so they invest in others who might be talented but lack resources... though this soul contract thing sounds a bit extreme, doesn’t it?"

Fen Ziyan just nodded casually. "They usually target desperate people or orphans who have nothing. As those who even somewhat understand what a soul contract is would rather die than offer their soul."

Li Feng stayed silent for a moment after hearing this, thinking how lucky he was to have joined the Azure Moon Sect so easily, especially with only a bit of cultivation talent himself.

But Fen Ziyan’s answer didn’t address the most important question, so he asked again, "...But why would they want to target you, Senior Sister?"

Yet no answer came.

Fen Ziyan frowned, as if she was trying to figure it out herself too.

"I don’t know..." she softly replied.

Fen Ziyan seemed stuck too, as no matter how she thought about it, there didn’t seem to be any benefit for those families in trying to kidnap her.

For one, she was still a princess, and secondly, she was also a talented outer disciple of the Azure Moon Sect.

The sect might not care if she died in battle in somewhere far, since it would simply be one of the causes and effects.....the cycle of chasing the Daos.

Yet it was a completely different matter if someone kidnapped their disciple within their own territory.

Even if the sect didn’t care about the disciple personally, they would still care about their reputation, so they would definitely investigate.

Then even the emperor would have to get involved, since their dynasty’s princess had been kidnapped, even if she was a non-favored princess.

So whoever was responsible would definitely not be able to bear the consequences from both the sect and their own dynasty.

So kidnapping her now didn’t really seem to have any benefits.

’Unless... something happened inside the palace... something I don’t know about,’ Fen Ziyan inwardly thought as she start to worried about her kind mother well being.

Unlike her father, she believed that her kind and gentle mother wouldn’t abandon her like the rest, as she had always been there for her since she was little.

Her mother even went so far as to find countless treasures to nurture her youthful body, giving her a better chance of reaching a higher level of cultivation in the future.

Meanwhile, hearing that even Fen Ziyan herself didn’t seem to know why she had been targeted, Li Feng frowned, rubbing his chin as he began to think in his own way.

’...It must all come down to benefit, huh.’

Sometimes, just realizing what benefit the result would bring, and to whom the most could help a lot in narrowing down the mastermind.

’Let’s just think of the benefit of kidnapping Fen Ziyan...’ he thought, his gaze lingering on her beautiful face.

Sure, she might be beautiful but there were so many other beautiful women in the sect, even weaker and easier to target than Fen Ziyan.

So Li Feng crossed off those possibilities, then his gaze drifted lower to her prominent chest, which seemed quite large compared to others her age.

’...Only someone like me would kidnap her for that reason,’ he chuckled.

Fen Ziyan, noticing Li Feng suddenly staring at her breast so intently, blushed slightly.

Thinking perhaps he wanted to push her down, so she crossed her arms, subtly trying to emphasize her figure a little more.

Ignoring the fidgeting Fen Ziyan, Li Feng scratched his head, still unable to come up with anything.

Then, suddenly, something popped up into his mind as he began to thought about:

Something valuable that only Fen Ziyan possessed,

And also something even she herself didn’t know.

’...No way... could it be her special physique?’ Li Feng’s eyes widened as he came to that conclusion and frowned again.

But then even more questions arose.

Why would someone in the dynasty notice her special physique yet not inform her or the emperor?

If they knew what kind of special physique she had, she wouldn’t have struggled so much to break through.

And her future as a genius of the Fen Dynasty would have been secure, with her path remain clear and bright.....not falling into the hands of a pervert like him, and let him use her freely as he pleased.

’It can only be that someone doesn’t want Fen Ziyan to soar... but still somehow wants the person herself...’

Li Feng’s thought process reached that conclusion. As for why the mastermind wouldn’t want Fen Ziyan to rise yet still wants her, he didn’t know. But one thing was clear: Fen Ziyan must not return to her dynasty.

Then he suddenly grabbed Fen Ziyan’s shoulder.

Fen Ziyan let out a surprised noise. Seeing Li Feng staring intently at her, she closed her eyes while lifting her chin a bit.

Li Feng gave a weird look at this woman, but as much as he wanted to go for a few rounds with her, something important had to be said first.

"Senior Sister, no matter what... do not return to the Fen Dynasty, or you must not go without me."

Fen Ziyan, who had her eyes closed, froze a bit as she heard Li Feng’s serious words.

"O-okay?" she just nodded at him.

To be honest, even she herself didn’t want to return now, as there was a high chance she would be married off to some old man to tie more connections for her father, the emperor.

Then Li Feng hugged her tightly, pressing her soft chest against his.

Fen Ziyan didn’t resist and smiled smugly as warmth filled her heart, thinking that Li Feng truly cared about her well-being after being abandoned by her own family.

Meanwhile, Li Feng, who was holding her soft body, wore a cold expression.

’Hmph... daring to steal my stuff? I really want to see what you look like...’

He also silently planned to visit the Fen Dynasty once he had sufficient strength.

Because he knew whoever planned to take Fen Ziyan would not give up, they would remain a problem that needed to be eliminated at the root, so he could enjoy her with peace of mind.

And, of course, he also wanted to personally ....thank them, because if it weren’t for them keeping that secret, he wouldn’t have had such an easy time acquiring this convenient yet seductive senior sister of his.

After hugging her body for a while, Li Feng couldn’t help but feel her firm, soft breast pressing against his chest. Then his hand, which had been hugging her shoulder, slowly lowered until he cupped her fleshy, plump peach.

"Umm..." Fen Ziyan let out a soft gasp, feeling a hot palm molding her peach like it was dough.

’No matter how many times I play with this... I never get bored of this soft sensation,’ Li Feng grinned lewdly, feeling the soft, plump flesh of Fen Ziyan’s peach spilling through his hand as he started playing with it.

Just as he was thinking of maybe going for a few quick rounds with this convenient senior sister of his, a voice was heard from outside the tent:

"Fairy Fen! Are you in there?"