Chapter 163: Hate and Jealousy (6)

_

_

_

After a while had passed,

Noon had arrived.

Mu Qingyao residence,

Sensual heat lingered everywhere in the room, ....especially on the bed, where it grew dense and suffocating, as if the air itself had been stirred.

Creak!

Creak!

Creak!

The sound of the bed creaking can be heard echo out, mingling with the damp, rhythmic sounds of bodies colliding.

All of it came from the pair currently entangled atop the bed.

On the bed, Li Feng now completely naked, was kneeling and leaning forward, and his waist moving like a machine at a brutal, relentless pace.

Between his waist, a pair of long, delicate white legs stretched straight out, swaying sensually back and forth under his rough movements.

"Hu... Hu..."

He was currently breathing hotly, with his face pressed next to a beautiful, charming cold face as he inhaled her intoxicating fragrance.

But the woman, whose hair was disheveled as it flowed across her face, kept her purple eyes fixed on the recording stone in her hand as she tilted her head to the side.

Only a small suppressed moan leak out.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"Haa~...Ahh~...Hah~"

Even though her body was jerking back and forth frantically, the hand holding the recording stone remained perfectly steady and unnervingly stable.

Her face never lost that satisfied, almost deranged smile, even as she was being roughly used by the man above her.

Suddenly, the man breathing roughly at her neck leaned back up, then grasped both of her large white breasts roughly as his waist movement increased, and soon—

Spurt!

"Ah~"

Li Feng groaned as he busted another nut inside this crazy yet beautiful woman.

Then, he leaned down again, sucking her breast and biting that stiffened pink bead while grinding his waist, emptying every last trace of his seed from his little brother.

They remained like this for a while until Mu Qingyao’s exhausted and cold voice echoed out.

"...Hey, you bastard. Get off me. Your recording stone has ended."

Mu Qingyao, who was currently being filled with her legs spread wide, stared down at the man who was greedily sucking her breasts, and using her body as if she were nothing more than a vessel for his seed.

Li Feng glance at the recording stone and saw the scene inside had already ended.

A slow, satisfied smile curved his lips as he leaned back .... though he didn’t immediately release her.

Instead, he gripped her soft waist, and rocking it back and forth as if using her body to coax every last trace of his little brother’s remnants seed out.

Feeling that hardness still stretching her inside flesh,

Mu Qingyao’s eyes twitched, a spark of anger flickering but she forced it down.

With a steady, icy tone, she said,

"Now... transfer your recording stone’s spirit qi to mine and give it to me."

She still remembered that the stone was locked with Li Feng’s spirit qi.

Hearing this, Li Feng looked at the beautiful yet disheveled woman beneath him strangely.

"What are you talking about ? I only lent you the stone, not sold it. If I give it to you, wouldn’t I just expose myself ?"

Mu Qingyao was stunned when she heard this, as she had thought the stone would be given to her after Li Feng done indulging with her mortal body.

"Y-You bastard !"

She then glared fiercely at Li Feng as she tried to break free and thrashed around.

Grip.

But suddenly, a powerful hand clamped around her neck, pinning her down with an overwhelming strength.

"...!"

"... Hey, I’m not done emptying my ball yet."

Li Feng said casually, holding the struggling beauty down with one hand while moving her waist with the other.

Mu Qingyao seemed not to hear him.

Her eyes blazed with a murderous glare as her delicate legs thrashed wildly around Li Feng’s waist.

She gripped the muscular hand pinning her neck, while feeling that disgusting hot liquid still slowly filling her inside.

Fury flashed through her gaze as she struggled violently beneath him.

With her legs wrapped tightly around his waist, she tried to kick his back but it was like striking solid rock.

She tried to pull his hand off and even clawing at it fiercely, but to no avail ... it remained like an iron lock.

’...What kind of strength is this!?’

She even tried to twist her waist to break that hard thing deep inside her, but it remained as hard as steel.

"Ohh~"

Li Feng moaned slightly as Mu Qingyao’s rough waist movements seemed to make the flesh around his little brother tighten even more, as if trying to help extract his seed.

Unaware that her struggles only heightened his pleasure, Mu Qingyao glared at him like a feral kitten, and continue to thrashing wildly in defiance.

Seeing the struggling woman, Li Feng couldn’t help but smile.

If gaze could kill, Mu Qingyao’s intense glare would probably have killed him many times over.

’Feels like I’m trying to tame a fierce little kitten...’

Then he closed his eyes, focusing on emptying his load while grinding his hips slowly against her struggling body.

After a while had passed,

He finally sighed in relief, feeling his little brother had emptied.

Then he looked down at the woman glaring at him like he was a dead man, with her teeth sinking into his hand.

"Haha, don’t be like that, Senior Sister... actually, I have another interesting proposal."

Hearing his words, Mu Qingyao’s thrashing beneath him slowed, and she frowned.

"...What kind of proposal?"

Li Feng smiled as he released her neck and cupped her soft, bare breast.

He grinned lewdly.

"I wonder... would it interest you if I said you could decide exactly how Fen Ziyan gets humiliated?

Mu Qingyao felt the thing inside her harden again, but Li Feng’s words distracted her.

"What do you mean?" she asked, her curiosity clearly piqued.

Li Feng slowly said, a wicked smile playing on his lip.

"Don’t you want to see her humiliated in other positions ? Dressed in something utterly shameless ?"

He leaned in closer, licking her soft smooth cheek and his voice turn into a low, teasing murmur.

"... I could even make her crawl like a dog. Ohh~..."

A groan escaped him as he felt the tightened sensation around his little brother.

He glanced at Mu Qingyao and smiled.

Because....

.....Mu Qingyao was grinning widely now.

Her smile growing even more lewd as her mind pictured a naked Fen Ziyan on all fours, with leash in Li Feng hand and being pulled around like a dog.

Her breathing grew slightly ragged as she finally looked up at the man above her.

"And what do you want in return ?" she asked, smiling charmingly as if the fierce, feisty woman from before had been nothing but a lie.

Li Feng grinned as he leaned down, nuzzling his nose against her neck, and slowly pushing his little brother deeper and deeper.

Mu Qingyao frowned slightly after feeling her womb had been poked again, but then she heard his voice.

"It’s simple. If you want Fen Ziyan to experience it, you’ll have to show it to me first... that means we’ll do whatever you want to happen to Fen Ziyan first."

At his words, Mu Qingyao froze, and continue lying there deep in thought.

Seizing the opportunity, Li Feng slowly began moving his waist in a deliberate rhythm, and at the same time, molding one of her breasts with one hand while licking her delicate neck.

Mu Qingyao seemed less concerned with what he was doing to her and more focused on what he had proposed.

And indeed, his proposal piqued her interest greatly.

Then she remembered the past—the high and mighty Fen Ziyan.

While she had been compared to her every day and .... mocked by her own mother.

’...And I’ve come this far already. There’s no point in turning back.’

She would deal with her own chastity matter when the time came, but for now...

A slow, insidious greed began to surface in her heart.

...Wanting more of Fen Ziyan’s humiliation.

Mu Qingyao finally murmured, a crazed smile spreading across her face.

"Li Feng, I agree to your terms."

Hearing this, Li Feng finally stopped moving and leaned back to look at the noble daughter before him.

He grinned lewdly.

"Then... shall we start? What kind of humiliation do you want...?"

And hearing his words,

Mu Qingyao returned his grin, equally ... wide and wicked.

_

_

_

Soon, noon quickly turned into night, as the sunlight no longer spilling into the now dim room.

Inside, the room was a mess .... stains and discarded cloths lying scattered everywhere.

Right now, Li Feng stood tall on the bed and completely naked as his muscular body glistening with sweat.

His wet, dangling little brother seemed to have emerged from a wet space, also glistening between his legs

One of his hand hand currently rested on his waist, while the other held the delicate wrist of a small, fragile hand, and lifting the exhausted, similarly naked body of a beautiful woman high into the air.

Compared to the tall, and broad Li Feng, the woman looked small, barely more than half his size.

"Phew~"

He let out a satisfied sigh, even grinning as he looked down at the woman in his grasp.

Mu Qingyao’s voluptuous, bare body hung exposed, dangling in the air like a lifeless doll.

She seemed completely drained, her head drooping as Li Feng lifted her effortlessly.

" Hehe... " Yet, through the strands of her loosely fallen hair across her face, a twisted, almost delirious smile never left her lips as if she were lost in her own dark fantasy.

Drip...

Drip...

Thick, translucent white liquid continued to flow from between her legs and mouth while tracing down her plump, toned thighs before dripping onto the bed below.

Li Feng watched the delicious scene, gently twirling her perfect body in the air as a satisfied smile curling on his lip.

Even if she was a bit crazy, her body was undeniably remarkable.

’Haha... senior sister will definitely be pleased with this one.’ he thought, recalling Fen Ziyan’s plan.

Thump

Casually, he let Mu Qingyao’s body drop to the bed and began to get dressed.

Once finished, he walked out, leaving the beautiful woman lying there in the dimly lit room, with his seed still spilling from between her legs and mouth.

_

_

_

Li Feng, on his way back, smiled in satisfaction, feeling his balls grow a bit lighter.

But then he couldn’t help shaking his head.

"Tch tch, that crazy woman is truly amazing. She really wants to humiliate Senior Sister Fen that much huh."

He still remembered how she was even willing to kneel and crawl on the floor, while letting him plow her.

She even goes as far as pretend to be a dog and throw away all of her noble daughter image.

Her determination to humiliate Fen Ziyan in the same way was .... admirable.

"It seems I have to sacrifice my body and work harder... hehe."

Just then, someone familiar could be seen walking in the distance.

And that person also recognized Li Feng too.

"Ah! Junior Brother Li!"