Chapter 120: Happiness is always short.

Goldie, who was currently standing beside Mo Shuyan’s unrecognizable corpse, stared silently at the setting sun.

Its golden-lit eyes seemed to contain intelligence, as though it were pondering something.

But soon, it heard a noise from behind the rock where its master had disappeared.

"..."

Goldie was already used to it, so it no longer felt curious.

The setting sun was far more interesting to it.

Behind the enormous rock—

A melodic, suppressed voice could be heard softly, accompanied by those familiar sounds of flesh colliding.

"Haa... haa... ugh~"

Fen Ziyan’s breath trembled as she was currently bent forward with both hands pressed against the hard surface of the rock while her legs spread wide, completely naked.

Her silky black hair was untied, flowing down and covering her face.

Because of this posture, her curvaceous form was fully exposed as her pair of shapely, bare white breasts can be seen drooping downward as if pulled by gravity.

Her voluptuous body continue to shake back and forth, causing her large breasts to sway rhythmically and sensually.

Despite indulging shamelessly in the open, Fen Ziyan did not try to escape or resist despite also feeling extremely embarrassing.

She knew it would be futile...as her delicate, willow-like waist was firmly gripped by the rough, large hands of the tall man behind her.

Plap...

plap...

plap...

"Ugh... senior sister." a rough male suppressed voice leak out.

She heard Li Feng’s pleasure-filled voice behind her, sounding as though he was enjoying himself immensely.

Fen Ziyan’s misty eyes , hidden beneath her loosen hair start to become blurred further as she felt the hot, hard thing digging deeply in and out of her precious cave.

For some reason, it felt hotter and bigger than before... and not just that—

’...haa... haaa~ something feel different...?’

Fen Ziyan’s intoxicated face, which was moving back and forth under Li Feng’s control, couldn’t help but reveal a hint of confusion as she felt that something was a bit different.

Plap...

Plap...

Plap...

Soon, she finally realized what it was.

Fen Ziyan didn’t have a hard time trying to find the source of her confusion, as she felt that right now Li Feng wasn’t quite as rough as their past mortal indulgent sessions.

’Uhh... haa~... is he gentler than... usual...?’

She had already gotten used to him being rough, so that was why she felt a bit weird when he was suddenly this gentle.

plap!

"Ahh~."

She let out a cute gasp as she felt the impact struck her womb entrance again.

’...This isn’t bad but...’ she inwardly thought with a small hesitation.

Even though his gentler rhythm brought a new kind of pleasure, a tiny part of her couldn’t help but... miss his usual intensity and roughness.

Fen Ziyan, who was lost in her thoughts, suddenly felt the familiar throbbing of the thing inside her.

Then—

"Ughh! Senior sister!"

Li Feng groaned as he thrust his hips until they pressed against her plump peach, releasing his seed.

Spurt!

Spurt!

"..Ahhh~"

Fen Ziyan’s mouth opened wide as a moan escaped, feeling that familiar hot filling sensation shoot directly against her womb entrance and start to flood her inside with warmth.

Then she felt the weight of a man leaning onto her back as a pair of rough hands immediately grabbed her dropping, heavy breasts and started kneading them into different shapes.

Fen Ziyan let out a hot breath as she heard Li Feng’s pleasure-filled voice right behind her head, feeling his frantic breathing brushing against her hair.

"Ah~..."

And Li Feng nearly drooled as he felt the soft flesh in his hands and inhaled Fen Ziyan’s intoxicating fragrance, all while his little brother was being squeezed by her tight, wriggling flesh.

Both of them stayed like that as Li Feng continued to play with Fen Ziyan’s jade-like breasts while still releasing his seed deep inside her, while her spread legs kept trembling from time to time as if she being electricfy by pleasure.

After a few minutes passed—

Fen Ziyan finally felt the weight lift from her back.

Just as she thought Li Feng might be satisfied for now—

"Ah—..?"

Fen Ziyan felt her right leg being pulled up by a hand.

Soon her fair, jade like and plump right leg was placed onto Li Feng’s shoulder, causing her body to tilt toward one direction while his little brother was still deeply connected within her.

"T-This..." She blushed even more at this position that seemed to expose her shameless appearance to the world, so she quickly covered her face.

Meanwhile, Li Feng’s eyes brightened at the sight of Fen Ziyan’s perfectly curvy body , with her jade-like skin without any imperfection, and those enormous breasts drooping sideways made his heart thump harder.

Li Feng’s height wasn’t short, and for Fen Ziyan’s leg to rest on his shoulder like this....

It needed a lot of flexibility and endurance.

’As expected of a cultivator’s body... such a heaven-blessed figure. It would be a true sin if I didn’t enjoy it to the fullest.’

With one hand holding onto her soft, fleshy thigh , he reached out the other to remove the hand Fen Ziyan used to cover her beautiful face.

"A-Ah... this is embarrassing..."

Fen Ziyan’s red face with misty eyes was revealed.

Then she felt a hand grab her chin as she was forced to tilt her head and look toward Li Feng.

"...!?"

Fen Ziyan’s heart and body trembled after seeing the blazing desire and greed in Li Feng’s eyes while he look at her naked body currently in this shameless form.

"Ohh~" Li Feng let out a crooked smile, feeling the sudden tightness around his little brother.

Plap...

Plap...

Plap...

Soon,

He slowly began moving his waist again as Fen Ziyan’s suppressed moans resumed.

And without even realizing it himself... Li Feng subconsciously became gentler with Fen Ziyan.

Maybe only after losing something would one start to cherish it.

....But for some, it might already be too late by then.

_

_

Soon after an hour,

Li Feng, with a carefree smile , finally came out from behind the rock while casually fixing his sash below.

His upper body was naked, revealing his powerful, sculpted muscles.

Cough

Cough

Then Fen Ziyan walked out behind him, leaning slightly against the rock with one hand.

Her legs seem to be trembling slightly while she coughed and covered her mouth with the other hand.

She had already changed into a fresh set of clothes she carried as spare.

"Junior brother cough, why does it seem you’ve become... quite thicker??"

Fen Ziyan lowered her hand from her mouth and looked at the man responsible for making her legs weak and her throat sore.

A small tear clung to the corner of her crimson eye, as if she had yawned too hard while opening her mouth wide.

... But of course, it definitely wasn’t from yawning, especially with the faint translucent stain caught at the corner of her small red lips.

Hearing this, Li Feng smiled smugly, tilting his head up with pride.

"Hehe, senior sister. It’s just that my body-tempering cultivation has improved, that’s all."

Fen Ziyan, who was wiping her mouth and massaging her neck, blinked cutely in confusion when she heard this.

’...Does breaking through from body tempering make that... that thing stronger too?’

Just as she was questioning her future in the bed when Li Feng become even stronger.

Li Feng silently appeared by her side, leaning his body down slightly.

Then he picked her up in a princess carry.

"It seems senior sister is having a hard time walking. Let me help you." He grinned happily, feeling her soft body in his hands once more.

Fen Ziyan almost wanted to roll her eyes at Li Feng’s shamelessness... but for some reason, she didn’t dislike this shameless side of him and simply let him carry her.

She actually could walk by herself as a cultivator at the 9th Realm of Qi Refinement wasn’t so weak that she couldn’t withstand... four seed injections.

’Maybe I’ve gotten used to this side of him?’ she inwardly thought, finding Li Feng even more pleasing when he acted like this for some reason.

She smiled slightly, but then her smile froze a bit as she felt a hand sneakingly touch her breast.

Fen Ziyan glanced at that mischievous hand, then looked at Li Feng’s face, who pretended nothing was happening as he continued to grinned while carrying her toward Mo Shuyan’s corpse.

She just sighed and smiled, thinking it was truly the Li Feng she knew — always pushing his luck.

But she was also a bit displeased , pouting slightly.

’...He could just ask if he wants to play with my breasts.’

Fen Ziyan’s displeasure lasted only a few seconds before she turned to continue staring at Li Feng’s side profile with her crimson eyes, as if she wanted to engrave his face in her memory.

With a warm, gentle gaze, she slowly leaned her head against Li Feng’s chest and closed her eyes.

She also noticed that now she herself didn’t even feel any rejection toward Li Feng... nor his weird ideas and habits.

’...I guess I’ve been influenced by junior brother Li a lot too.’

Thinking of this, she just smiled slightly.

But suddenly she felt Li Feng pause his steps.

’...?’

Wondering why he had suddenly stopped, she turned to look at his face and saw... Li Feng staring blankly into the empty air.

"What’s wrong, junior brother?" she asked worriedly, thinking maybe he had suffered some hidden injury from his fight with Mo Shuyan.

Li Feng, hearing her worried voice, snapped out of his daze and look toward Fen Ziyan with his signature grin.

"It’s nothing, just thinking about what kind of new position we should try next tonight~"

Fen Ziyan blushed slightly when she heard his words, and then lightly hitting his chest as she buried her head against him in embarrassment.

"...Geez," she let out a small complaint.

...And yet she didn’t outright deny his words.

Li Feng chuckled at this adorable senior sister of his.

Then he revealed a conflicted look as he glanced in one direction in front of him, where a familiar notification popped up.

[Ding!]

[Karmic Entanglement with Fen Ziyan has deepened and advanced further.]

[Designated Target Destiny Quest Unlocked: "First Calamity"]

[Objective: Aid Fen Ziyan in overcoming her First Calamity Tribulation.]

[Warning: This is a trial of life and death. Failure will result in her death, and her fate will be erased from the river of destiny.]

[Note: A Calamity can take many forms. Host is advised to remain cautious.]

[Yet within calamity lies fortune. Should she endure, her destiny will transform by leaps and bounds!]

.... For some reason, this time he wasn’t feeling carefree as before, after experiencing firsthand how unpredictable and dangerous the cultivation world could truly be.