Chapter 99: Arrived (2)

Zhu Yin, who had noticed the questionable tone in Yan Shuqin’s voice, didn’t rush to answer.

Instead, she poured another cup of tea for her, then calmly sat back down, and said,

"There isn’t much of a plan... other than to squeeze this easy seed of talent more. It’s rare to find someone like Li Feng who is quite talented, yet also still like to indulge himself in women."

She took a slow sip of her tea, her thoughts drifting back to the day she first met Li Feng.

At first, she thought this guy was truly a person with a magnanimous heart, that he was willing to donate his seed to her and her daughter.

But after thinking about it calmly once she returned, she realized Li Feng probably still couldn’t cut his ties with mortal affairs and feelings, and still indulging himself in worldly matters.

So, she had simply informed her childhood friend who still lived in Cloudveil City about Li Feng, just in case they happened to meet.

After all, both Yan Shuqin and she were quite similar in nature.

Meanwhile, Yan Shuqin, upon hearing Zhu Yin’s response, gave a slight shake of her head.

Unlike Zhu Yin, who seemed more interested in Li Feng’s seed of talent, Yan Shuqin was more focused on his potential for the future.

Of course, if she managed to give birth to a talented child as well, it would still be a winning situation for her.

As for her husband’s thoughts on this? She had plenty of ways to make it look like it was his child ...or even give birth in secret so she wasn’t too worried.

"It seems his talent isn’t only in alchemy, but also in cultivation and formation," Yan Shuqin said.

"Hmm? What do you mean?" Zhu Yin asked, tilting her head slightly.

Yan Shuqin thought for a moment, hesitating slightly as memories of those embarrassing moments surfaced. Still, she decided to tell Zhu Yin after all, in a sense, Zhu Yin was the one who shared Li Feng with her.

"During my time with him... he showed quite a talent for setting up formations. He could even arrange one so quickly that I didn’t notice at all. I suspect Li Feng might actually be a formation master. For someone as young as him to have mastered two paths, even if only at rank one, it’s quite unbelievable."

Usually, only those old monsters who had nothing left to pursue or the truly gifted few, would even attempt to walk multiple paths.

Upon hearing this, Zhu Yin’s eyes flashed, her expression turning serious as she said, "Don’t let anyone else know about this. ..If the other families hear of it, they’ll do everything they can to steal Li Feng from us. And what did you mean by saying his cultivation talent is great too?"

Yan Shuqin nodded, as she wasn’t stupid either—if they could monopolize the good stuff, why share it with others?

Then she answered Zhu Yin’s question,

"Didn’t you tell me he was only at the 5th realm of Qi Refinement when you met him? It hasn’t even been a month yet, and he’s already reached the 6th realm... I even tried to prompt him a bit, and he told me he might have another breakthrough soon."

Yan Shuqin blushed slightly, remembering what she had to do to please Li Feng when trying to ask him about his cultivation.

Zhu Yin, on the other hand, didn’t notice the weirdness in Yan Shuqin, as she was lost in her own thoughts.

’...That kind of speed is not normal. Maybe I really have been blessed by heaven and found a treasure.’

Zhu Yin couldn’t help but feel that the unused bottle, still sealed with Li Feng’s seed, start to becoming more precious.

Then she turned her attention back to Yan Shuqin and gave a knowing smile while glancing toward Yan Shuqin neck.

"It seems like we have a lot to discuss... why don’t you tell me in detail about your time with him? Especially how you got that collar on your neck...~"

"...This..." Yan Shuqin hesitated, recalling that there had been nothing graceful at all during her time with Li Feng—each moment had been worse than the last.

But under Zhu Yin’s relentless questioning, and as her best friend, she slowly began to recount the details.

_

_

Meanwhile, at the Chief Zhou Residence...

Some time earlier, Li Feng had taken out a red pill that seemed to contain boundless, pure fire-attributed spiritual energy.

The very room seemed to grow hotter just from the pill’s presence.

It was from one of the ancient pills recipe he had purchased through the system.

He didn’t really know much about the pill history, but according to the system, this pill would be enough to help Fen Ziyan break through her current bottleneck.

So he decided to refine a flawless-grade version of the pill and gift it to her, increasing the chances of success even further.

And it seemed wasn’t a disappointment, as he noticed Fen Ziyan’s crimson eyes remain fixed on it, as if she had been charmed.

Her cute mouth was slightly open, with a small trickle of drool escaping.

Li Feng couldn’t help but think, ’Has she never taken a fire-attributed pill in her entire life or something?’

He then placed the pill back into the bottle and closed the lid, causing Fen Ziyan to snap out of her daze.

She blushed slightly, hurriedly wiping away the drool.

"Junior brother... that pill is...?" she asked, unable to hide her curiosity.

For some reason, her entire body... no, even her very soul seemed to thirst for that red pill.

Hearing her eagerness, Li Feng couldn’t help but want to score a few more points, so he put on a bitter expression.

"This is called a Scarlet Foundation Pill. I’m not really sure about its history, but it’s one of the most extremely difficult peak-rank 1 pills to refine. I’ve spent countless nights trying to make it, and I finally succeeded yesterday..."

Fen Ziyan’s heart couldn’t help but skip a beat and feel moved as she listened, and her own misunderstandings began to spiral in her mind.

’So Junior Brother has actually been working so hard behind my back all this time... Did he not want me to know because he didn’t want me to worry?’

She couldn’t help but feel that she owed Li Feng so much...not only had he shared his inherited secrets, which most would have kept to themselves, but he had even gone the extra mile to refine this ancient pill for her.

And all she had done was simply let him indulge himself with her mortal body.

[Ding!]

[Congratulations, Host, for gaining 100 Favor Points!]

Li Feng saw the notification and smiled inwardly, though he continued wearing a solemn expression.

"Don’t worry, Senior Sister. In the end, I have not disappointed you. Today will be the day you are reborn!" He then placed the pill bottle on the table and slowly turned to leave.

But just then, a tiny finger grasped his sleeve. Li Feng turned his head to see Fen Ziyan, her head lowered slightly.

Seeing the fidgeting beautiful Fen Ziyan, with her soft, flushed expression, Li Feng felt desire begin to stir within him as he hadn’t yet bursted a nut yet today.

"...Junior Brother, do you want a quickie?... I know you must have a lot pent up..." Fen Ziyan said slowly, her hot gaze fixed on him as she pointed a finger toward her small mouth.

Right now, she felt the need to repay him somehow, even if just a little....and the only thing she knew Li Feng enjoyed were these mortal indulgences.

And Li Feng, as usual, replied with a straight face, accepting without hesitation.

"Yes. Of course."

_

_

_

Inside the Guest Courtyard of Chief Zhou,

Goldie could be seen standing guard outside the main room’s door, as it was already used to doing something like this.

Now, even without its master’s command, it instinctively took up its post whenever Li Feng began his "fun time."

Behind the wooden door, inside the nicely decorated room,

Li Feng could be seen sitting on an expensive-looking wooden chair, both arms resting on the chair’s armrests, while his legs spread wide open like he is relaxing in his own little home.

"Ahh~ Ohhh..." he kept grinning lewdly, letting out sighs of pleasure as he leaned his head back, completely relaxed in his chair.

glup!

slurp!

glup!

Between his spread legs knelt a gorgeous, fiery figure dressed in a sect uniform, stunning in every way.

She carried the aura of someone born of royalty with that regal presence of her, and also possessed a seductive mature body that seemed at odds with her beautiful, youthful face.

And yet, someone so majestic and immortal-like currently had her head buried deep inside the man’s groin, moving her head up and down in a sensual rhythm.

Slurrpp...!

"Ughhh... you’ve become so good at this now, Senior Sister..." Li Feng praised, feeling that amazing suction on his little brother without opening his eyes to see the bobbing head below.

Fen Ziyan, hearing his words, smiled proudly while his thing remained deep and full inside her mouth.

She began to work more toward the weaknesses that she had noticed in Li Feng after spending so much time sucking his little brother.

’...if I lick it here... then increase the suction...’

"Ohh~" Li Feng let out a sound, clenching the armrest tighter as he felt a wet and tingling pleasure from below.

Then he let out a sigh and opened his eyes to look at the smooth, silky black hair of the head busily bobbing up and down in his groin.

He couldn’t help but grin crookedly, feeling like he was really getting the king treatment or something.

’...tch, tch... if it were the past me, I would never have imagined receiving such a devout service from a princess of a dynasty, and also an immortal fairy too...’

And just like that, he ended up bursting three nuts with this convenient senior sister mouth of his.