Chapter 92: Good Kitty

Madam Yan, who had gotten lost in her thoughts, suddenly felt a set of teeth lightly bite her sensitive bead, making her let out a soft gasp.

"Ahh..!" She quickly realized this wasn’t the time to be lost in thought, so she hurriedly replied to her son’s question.

"...S-Son, you should focus more on training yourself. As long as you pass the sect recruitment test, you’ll have a small chance..."

Madam Yan didn’t completely extinguish her son’s hope but instead tried to use it to motivate him.

’He’ll understand after his horizons broaden...’ she thought to herself.

Hearing his mother’s answer, Zhou Wenhai smiled brightly as determination flashed in his eyes.

"I understand, Mother! I’ll keep training even harder," he said, clenching his fist.

Hearing the motivation in her son’s tone, Madam Yan smiled—but then an idea flashed through her mind as she glanced down.

’Hmph, since I’ve already offered myself... I’m going to squeeze both your body and your value dry.’

Then she said to her son, "...Tomorrow, try asking Young Master Li for some guidance. He looks quite strong, and I’m sure he’s ’kind’ enough to teach you a few tips."

Li Feng, who was happily enjoying sucking her soft breast while grinding his hip slowly for that slow pleasure, froze as he looked up with a weird gaze.

His eye seem to be asking,

’Teach him what? How to move his waist?’

He also noticed the grin on Madam Yan’s face, but since he didn’t want to expose himself and wanted to give this woman some face, he continued grinding his waist.

This time, he hugged her body close and tight, as if trying to melt her soft body into his.

"Mhmm~" Madam Yan bit her lip, trying to hold back her voice as she felt the thing inside her start to stir again.

The hand on her waist pulled her so strongly that she melted into his hard, firm chest, to the point she could no longer tell which warmth and heat belonged to her body anymore.

Zhou Wenhai, hearing his mother’s words, nodded, thinking it wasn’t a bad idea.

’Maybe I can even get to know Fairy Fen through him...’

Then he smiled and thanked his mother.

"I’ll do as you said, Mother! Then I won’t disturb your rest any longer. Let me know if you need anything."

With those words, he turned and left the tent.

Li Feng, feeling the presence leaving, finally took his mouth off that delicious bead with a- plop- sound and looked at the woman, whose eyes had turned hazy, while his little brother was still buried deep within her.

Of course, he activated the sound-canceling formation back to full capacity.

"Madam, I don’t remember agreeing to teach your son as part of our deal," he said with a grin, still feeling the tingling pleasure from the wriggling, wet flesh surrounding his little brother.

Hearing this, Madam Yan let out a soft moan, placing her hand on his shoulder as she leaned back and smiled seductively.

"Please~, Young Master, you don’t need to teach him much... just a little guidance is enough."

Li Feng didn’t seem upset by her words and smiled, leaning closer as he pressed his cheek against her soft cheek,

"...Then what do I get in return?"

Madam Yan paused for a moment at his question, truly unsure of what to offer.

She had already agreed to let Li Feng use her body whenever he wanted.

And Wealth? Li Feng probably had far more wealth than she did as an alchemist.

Seeing her hesitation, Li Feng decided to help her a bit. He took something out and placed it on the bed.

"Wear this whenever I tell you to, and I’ll consider giving some guidance for your son," his voice carried teasing intent and swelling desire.

Madam Yan turned to look at the accessory that Li Feng had taken out.

She tilted her head slightly as it looked like a pair of cat ears? And there was even a collar, a tail, and a pair of paws.

Li Feng noticed her curious expression, realizing she didn’t understand what he meant, so he took the cat ear accessory, crafted from fine material, soft and smooth to the touch and placed it gently on her head.

"Ah?" Madam Yan, now realizing his intention, finally understood what Li Feng was trying to do.

"T-this is indecent..!" she exclaimed, her face turning bright red as the usual shrewdness and composure she carried had completely vanished.

As a noble lady of refined background, educated to be dignified and graceful, even in bed.

She found the idea of acting like an animal far too degrading for her status.

Li Feng didn’t seem to care as he leaned back on the soft bed, arms crossed behind his head, while gazing lazily at the naked, cat-eared mature woman sitting on his hips.

"Well then, I just won’t give your son any guidance," he said with a smirk.

Just as she was about to take off the cat ears, her body froze at his casual tone.

Madam Yan bit her lower lip, struggling inwardly, then let out a resigned sigh.

’*sigh* I’m already this man’s toy... so it doesn’t really matter if I act like his cat or not... at least no one will know except him...’

With eyes full of resolve, she picked up the rest of the accessories and began putting them on.

After slipping on the leather collar, which had a nice design and soft texture, she hesitated again as she held the tail.

"How do I wear this...?" she asked, her confused voice betraying her as she stared at the base of the tail, which had a strange oval shape.

Li Feng gulped, desire rising in his chest as he looked at the dignified, mature Madam Yan, now adorned with cat ears, a collar, and paws.

He restrained his desire as he explained how to put on the tail.

Madam Yan’s eyes widened at his explanation, and she hurriedly shook her head from side to side.

"I-impossible... that’s too much! I c-can’t... please... anything but that..."

Li Feng also noticed the extreme rejection in her tone.

Maybe he could convince her or ...even force her but he didn’t have time to waste as he really wanted to go for a few more rounds with this mature and alluring "cat."

"Fine..." so he agreed.

Madam Yan let out a sigh of relief when she saw that Li Feng wasn’t going to force her—but her heart jumped again at his next words.

"...but you will have to wear that collar all the time from now on."

"T-this..." Madam Yan looked down at the dark leather collar. It was quite sleek, so even if she wore it, perhaps she could pass it off as a new fashion trend if someone ask.

Still seeing her hesitation, Li Feng’s tone became impatient and commanding. "Choose quickly. It can only be one of these."

Madam Yan also noticed the impatience in his voice, so she hurriedly replied.

"I-I will wear the collar..."

Even if Li Feng had forced her, she couldn’t have done anything about it.

At least right now she had a choice,...even though both options were bad, she could just pick the lesser evil.

Li Feng smiled after hearing her answer and immediately grabbed her waist, giving a hard thrust to show that he was ready to resume his indulgence.

"A-Ah~" Madam Yan let out a moan as the sudden impact sent electrifying pleasure through her brain, and she stumbled down onto Li Feng’s chest.

Li Feng inhaled her intoxicating fragrance by her neck and whispered with a lewd grin,

"...and from now on, you are a cat, so make sure to act like one."

Madam Yan’s breath grew hot as she heard his whisper. "W-What?"

Li Feng hearing her words frowned and slapped her plump peach.

Smack!

"Haa~..!" Madam Yan’s eyes opened wide, wondering why he had suddenly smacked her. Just as she was about to speak, she noticed Li Feng frowning again.

’...Wait, so he meant...’

Then, using her intelligence, she finally understood Li Feng’s intention.

And she dropped her head onto his chest as if to hide and let out a tiny noise.

"...nya..."

Li Feng smiled in satisfaction, seeing Madam Yan trying to hide her embarrassment, though her cheeks were completely flushed.

’So cute.’

His desire had also reached its peak, so he grasped her plump, fleshy peach.

"...Nya?" Madam Yan glanced at Li Feng, feeling the hard thing inside her grow even more excited.

Li Feng grinned, pleased to see this smart woman already slipping into her role.

"Let’s start your lesson on how to be a good cat, shall we?"

"...N-Nyaa," Madam Yan replied with a nervous smile, her voice trembling....with a hint of desire without herself even realizing it.

-

-

-

Deep into the night.

Inside the tent of Chief Zhou...

The table had been cleaned by the servants, leaving only Chief Zhou, sleeping sprawled across it.

The servants dared not wake their master, knowing how hard he worked and how much rest he needed.

Besides, Chief Zhou always became furious if anyone tried to wake him up from his sleep.

Unless it was an emergency, no one dared to disturb him.

Not to mention, this wasn’t the first time they had found Chief Zhou drunk and passed out in a strange place.

"...mhmm..." Chief Zhou mumbled blissfully in his sleep.

Meanwhile, the curtain behind him suddenly parted slightly, and a delicate white hand wearing a cat paw reached out on the floor as if the owner currently struggling to crawl out.

But before she could fully emerge, her outstretched hand was immediately pulled back into the curtain.

Because of the movement, a small section of the formation on the curtain fluttered and broke, allowing the sound inside to leak out a bit.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"...Nyaaa..! ...Nyaaaa!.. Nyaaa~"

And the echo of flesh colliding mixed with a sensual voice can be heard from inside.

"Ughh... Good kitty..."

"...Nyaaaa—"

Soon, the fluttering curtain returned to its original state, and with the formation restored, the debauch sound was immediately cut off.