Chapter 130: Return (2)

After a while had passed,

From the sky, a figure dropped down onto the ground, and dust and shattered rock clouded the view.

BOOM!

Li Feng landed and stopped outside a few distance away from the Whitesilk City gate.

Seeing the city in the distance, he smiled and looked down at the beauty who was burying her face in his arm.

"Senior sister, we arrived."

Fen Ziyan turned her head and blinked dumbfoundedly.

"We arrived already...?"

She really didn’t expect such terrifying speed.

Feeling the powerful body holding her, she realized that Li Feng strength wasn’t only in bed ...

Then she got down and hurriedly tried to regain her composure.

_

_

The Whitesilk City guards were a bit surprised and alert at the impact in the distance.

But soon, a silhouette appeared as they saw a well-built, tall man along with an extremely beautiful fairy who seemed to have quite a personality, as she was looking at them as if they were a mere commoners.

Seeing their Azure Moon Sect uniforms and the sect token hanging on their waist, the guards sighed in relief and lowered their guard a bit.

"Welcome to our city, honored seniors !"

One of the guards greeted and bowed politely but all he received was a cold shoulder from that gorgeous fairy as she ignored him and walked forward.

Then the tall male disciple patted his shoulder.

"Ah, don’t mind my senior sister. She’s actually pretty nice."

After finishing his words with a smile, he continued walking behind that fiery fairy.

The guard who greeted them only shook his head lightly at this, he didn’t seem to mind and was already used to this kind of treatment from the sect disciple.

But then he sniffed slightly at the fragrant scent left behind by that arrogant fairy as she walked by and couldn’t help murmuring ,

"She sure smells great...."

The guard next to him who heard this, grinned and teased,

"Hah, you should’ve also noticed that seductive figure of hers... man, I’d willingly exchange ten years of my life if I could hold a woman like that under me! "

Then both of them looked at each other and laughed.

After all, this was just nonsense talk.

They knew someone like them wouldn’t even have the chance to touch such a fairy leg, much less have anything to do with her.

At the very least, they could dream about it...

-

-

-

Soon, Li Feng and Fen Ziyan made their way toward the Zhou mansion.

And they happened to meet a familiar face just as the door opened.

"Oh? Senior Brother Li and Fairy Fen! You’ve come back? "

It was Zhou Wenhai, the handsome young man and son of Madam Yan, who had helped... entertain Li Feng quite a lot during the boring trip escorting their caravan here.

Li Feng smiled and explained,

"Junior Brother Zhou, yes , we just finished our last sect quest and are about to return to the sect. But we were hoping we could rest at your place for today. "

Hearing this, Zhou Wenhai made an inviting gesture and smiled brightly.

"Of course, it’s not a problem, Senior Brother Li ! Come, come."

Seeing this, Li Feng and Fen Ziyan went inside, and Zhou Wenhai excitedly led them toward their room.

"F-Fairy Fen, I heard you reached the 9th realm of Qi Refinement... you’re amazing!"

"Hmm."

Along the way, Zhou Wenhai tried to make small talk with Fen Ziyan but all he got was a short reply as she simply ignored him.

This wasn’t unusual as this actually was the usual Fen Ziyan.

As someone talented, beautiful, and of noble birth, she was used to the constant praise and flattery so she had learned to ignore most of these kind people altogether.

The only exception was anything that came from Li Feng.

And right now, she really didn’t feel like having a small talk as ... she just wanted to rest after helping Li Feng with his overflowing yang energy problem all morning.

She could still feel the .... warmth liquid lingering inside her with every step, so she just wanted to lie down and rest a bit.

Li Feng who was walking from behind, saw the simping Zhou Wenhai and just grinned as he looked at the shapely rear of his senior sister.

Sensing his desire rising again, Li Feng sighed and shook his head at this exaggerated vitality of his.

Then.... thinking of his adorable cat that could help with this dilemma of his, he turned to ask Zhou Wenhai,

"Junior Brother Zhou, where are your father and mother? I want to... greet them a bit."

Hearing the question, Zhou Wenhai tilted his head and apologize with a small smile.

"Ah, sorry... Senior Brother Li. Mother and Father have gone to check on the family business, so they aren’t here."

Li Feng, hearing this just sighed in disappointment.

"I see. "

Soon,

Under Zhou Wenhai’s lead, they arrived at the familiar quiet courtyard.

And seeing that he had no excuse to linger near Fen Ziyan anymore, Zhou Wenhai hurriedly looked around and thought.

Then his eyes brightened.

"Ah! You both haven’t had lunch yet, right ? That cannot do! As a host, I must make sure your stomachs are full. Let me go get you both something to eat! "

With those words, he didn’t wait for Li Feng or Fen Ziyan to reply and rushing off somewhere.

Li Feng looked at the disappearing Zhou Wenhai and shrugged, then looked back at Fen Ziyan.

"It seems Junior Brother Zhou admires you quite a bit, Senior Sister" he said with a teasing grin.

Fen Ziyan hearing this, just nodded with a proud expression.

"Hmph, of course! Everywhere I go, countless admirers always appear."

Then she smirked at Li Feng.

"That’s why you should be grateful to have such a dependable senior sister like me helping you~"

Li Feng laughed and went to her side, slowly reaching out with one hand to grab her round, soft peach that had been swaying and seducing him for a while now.

"Yes~ Yes~ You’re the best senior sister in the world."

Fen Ziyan who felt the rough hand kneading her rear.

Her legs started to tremble as her body slowly softened, as if a switch had been turned on.

"Y-You...."

She looked at him as her proud expression slowly melted into a soft blush.

While her eyes meeting Li Feng’s lewd gaze as he stared intently at her again.

Then, seeing him lean down seemingly for a kiss and thinking he wanted to start another round of mortal indulgence, Fen Ziyan let out a sigh.

Even though she was still a bit tired..... she seemed like she could never say no to his advances.

So she relaxed her body and closed her eyes.

Smooch

Then she felt a kiss on her forehead and opened her eyes to see Li Feng smirking.

"What’s wrong, Senior Sister? "

Fen Ziyan blinked hesitantly and ask,

"Y-You’re not going for another indulgence....?"

Li Feng, hearing this pretended to put on a shocked and disappointed expression.

"Senior Sister! I’m not such a beast! I know you’re tired, so that’s why I returned to the city first, so you could have some rest...."

Fen Ziyan blinked again, feeling that his words does made sense....but something still felt a little amiss.

Without giving her time to think, Li Feng held her hand and said sincerely,

"For today, please get some rest. I know I’ve been troubling you a lot over the past day, and just after your encounter with Mo Shuyan too... so I’m worried your body and mind didn’t get enough rest."

Hearing his concern, Fen Ziyan broke into a smug and happy smile, thinking that Li Feng was truly caring toward her, worrying even about her well being.

"Hehe~... is that so? Then I guess I will go take some rest now."

Fen Ziyan who was currently feeling happy and proud, ... didn’t seem to realize that her exhaustion wasn’t only from the battle with Mo Shuyan, but... also from the endless poking and tossing from Li Feng after that too.

.... Or maybe she didn’t think it was Li Feng fault at all.

Seeing how easily convinced Fen Ziyan was, Li Feng just smiled at this adorable woman of his, then pushed her into the room.

"Well then, I won’t disturb you any further. I’ll go around checking the city a bit and see if I can buy some supplies for us."

With those words, he closed the door and left.

Before leaving, he took Goldie out and tasked it with protecting Fen Ziyan by the door.

Meanwhile,

Fen Ziyan who had been pushed into the room, tilted her head cutely as if she forgot something.

"Hmmm? I feel like I forgot to ask him something..."

Then, as if her fatigue caught up with her, she just sighed,

"Oh well... I’m tired."

She just shrugged and stopped thinking as she headed toward the bed.

But before she could lay down, she sensed a familiar approaching presence so she sighed again, got up, and went toward the door.

Outside,

Zhou Wenhai, carrying a tray of food that appeared to be porridge along with some appetizing spirit fish meat, arrived at the courtyard.

He slowly walked forward with a smile, then froze a bit as he saw... a puppet?

"Eh...?"

Zhou Wenhai looked confused, having never seen Goldie without the cloak.

Just then, the door opened and Fen Ziyan, with her cold and proud expression came out.

"What do you need?" she asked Zhou Wenhai with an icy tone.

Zhou Wenhai didn’t seem to mind her arrogant tone and smiled as he explained,

"Fairy Fen, I have brought you something to eat! This is porridge made from high-quality spiritual rice, along with this spirit fish meat freshly caught from the lake. I hope you like it!"

He handed her the tray, ... but he didn’t notice that Fen Ziyan was twitching her eyes as she glance at the tray in his hand.

Fen Ziyan, looking at the thick and white porridge, couldn’t help ... but be reminded of all the white thing she had been consuming all day.

Slowly, she felt like she was going to vomit.

"....Thank you, but I’m already full."

With those words, she closed the door.

"Eh?"

Zhou Wenhai stood there dumbfounded, staring at the perfectly thick and fragrant porridge.

"Strange... this actually look very good," he murmured.

_

_

_

Meanwhile,

Li Feng, now stepping out of the Zhou Mansion, looked around at the many mortals walking around.

"Hmm, let’s try it."

One of the reasons he had come to Whitesilk City, instead of returning directly to the sect, was not only to let his senior sister get some rest.

But he also wanted to check and study a bit more about the [Star Apostle] selection criteria.

"Senior Sister actually isn’t qualified..." he murmured.

Li Feng had secretly checked a moment ago with Fen Ziyan to see if she could become a vessel for his star but was met with a disappointing result.

Now, if he wanted to make her an apostle too, he would have to study this skill a bit more to fully understand it.

Then he looked at the crowd and silently activated his skill.

"...Oh?"