Chapter 95: Guidance

"Fairy Fen! Are you in there?"

A youthful and energetic voice could be heard from outside.

Li Feng also seemed to recognize it — Zhou Wenhai, the son of Chief Zhou, who appeared to have a crush on his senior sister.

"Junior Brother, it seems he needs something..." Fen Ziyan also recognized the voice and turned her head toward Li Feng as she hesitantly spoke.

Just now, she had noticed the desire in Li Feng’s eyes and... his hard little brother pressing against her abdomen.

"Tch... what a bad timing," Li Feng clicked his tongue.

Then he grasped her soft, plump peach one more time, as if trying to remember the sensation, before releasing Fen Ziyan from his embrace.

Fen Ziyan, once freed, could still feel the warmth of his palm imprinted on her backside.

Her face flushed, and she hurriedly smoothed her robe back into a proper state.

After taking a small breath to calm herself, she stepped out first, wearing a composed expression.

What greeted her outside was a tall, cloaked figure standing guard beside the tent.

She already knew this was one of Li Feng’s puppets as he had told her about its existence during their ride yesterday.

And soon, her eye landed on a smiling young man with a sword at his waist, standing tall in front of the tent.

Meanwhile, Li Feng just calmly stood there, trying to calm down his hardened little brother while his gaze lingered on Fen Ziyan’s swaying, shapely peach under that robe as she walked out.

"It seems to be even softer than Madam Yan..." he muttered, while staring at his hand.

-

-

Outside,

Zhou Wenhai, dressed in proper yet luxurious robes, wore a bright smile.

His father had asked someone to inform Li Feng and Fen Ziyan that they would be departing in a while, so he immediately volunteered to come.

Soon, His eyes lit up even more when he saw Fen Ziyan step out.

Her proud and regal appearance made his heart throb, while her curvy figure stirred an unfamiliar heat within him.

But what captivated him the most were those crimson eyes... eyes that seemed to draw him in completely.

"F-Fairy Fen, good morning!" Zhou Wenhai greeted her nervously with a smile, trying his best to appear friendly and composed.

"Emm." Fen Ziyan just gave a nod, her expression still proud and cold, as if interacting with him was beneath her status.

Yet Zhou Wenhai didn’t mind that attitude... in fact, it somehow made him want her even more.

"...Err."

Then an awkward silence descended as he didn’t know how to continue the conversation.

A small bead of sweat rolled down his temple while he desperately racked his brain for something to say.

Then, the tent behind her fluttered once more as a tall figure stepped out.

Zhou Wenhai also recognize him as Li Feng, another Azure Moon Sect disciple who partake in this escort quest.

He look to be at his late twenties, not too ugly nor too handsome, but very tall, big and broad, and he saw that Fen Ziyan’s head only reached that Li Feng’s shoulder, now that they standing next to each other.

And what truly draw Zhou Wenhai’s attention is those lean muscles that seem about to burst from his disciple robe, while also looking perfectly sculpted.

’...Is this really achievable? Body Tempering cultivator sure look amazing,’ Zhou Wenhai inwardly thought.

His mother also told him about what a Body Tempering cultivator is after he asked her on the first day he saw Li Feng.

’And it seem Fairy Fen is on friendly terms with Young Master Li... maybe I can get through to her with him.’

Just as Zhou Wenhai was lost in thought, a cool and casual tone snapped him back.

"Good morning, Young Master Zhou. Is there anything we can help you with?"

Li Feng asked with a smile, after noticing the young man’s obsessive gaze toward his senior sister, followed by an admiring look at him, specifically at his muscles before he just stood there lost in thought.

Zhou Wenhai coughed slightly to hide his embarrassment and said...

"Ahem...My father want me to inform you both that we will be depart in a few hour so please be prepare."

Li Feng just nodded, " I see, thank you for informing us."

"Ahem... My father want me to inform you both that we will be depart in a few hour, so please be prepare."

Li Feng just nodded. "I see, thank you for informing us."

For some reason, seeing this Zhou Wenhai adoring look toward Fen Ziyan made his desire to mess up Fen Ziyan a little bit.

Just as Li Feng thought this guy was going to leave since he finished his words, so he could maybe have Fen Ziyan back into the tent and give him a quick suck with her mouth since they still have a few hours left before the depart,

Zhou Wenhai’s nervous voice reached him. "Umm, Young Master Li... could we talk alone for a moment?"

Li Feng blinked his eye, hearing this guy wanted to talk to him, then gave him a strange look.

’Shouldn’t you try to get closer to your crush? Why me... ?Ohh...’

Then Li Feng remembered what he heard last night when he was busily sucking this guy’s mother’s breast.

’...Well, a promise is a promise. Giving this guy some guidance isn’t too much of a hassle,’ he thought with a sigh, but grinned, thinking it wasn’t really a loss since he had managed to obtain a hot, obedient cat.

So outwardly, he smiled and nodded. "Sure."

He also gave a mental command to Goldie to follow and protect Fen Ziyan.

With that, they left for somewhere quiet. Meanwhile, seeing both men walking together, Fen Ziyan just tilted her head slightly, wondering what they were discussing.

But then she shook her head. As long as it wasn’t another woman trying to steal Li Feng’s attention from her, she didn’t seem to care much.

She turned her steps toward the carriage, while her thoughts drifted back to what Li Feng had told her about someone trying to target her.

’...Just who, really...’ she kept frowning along the way, while Goldie silently followed a few steps behind her.

_

_

Li Feng followed Zhou Wenhai until they reached a corner of the caravan, where it seemed there were few people in sight.

Soon, Zhou Wenhai turned his head back to look at Li Feng with resolve and suddenly bowed at a 90-degree angle.

"Please, Young Master Li, I know this is out of the blue, but help train me!"

"Sure."

"Please... reconsider. I... y-you agree?" Zhou Wenhai blinked, thinking he had heard wrong.

Li Feng just shrugged his shoulders. "Yes, I don’t mind. But I don’t know how to train you, so just show me your martial arts, and I’ll provide some guidance based on that."

"O-oh, that’s okay too. Thank you, Young Master Li..." Zhou Wenhai hadn’t expected it to be so easy. He smiled, thinking Li Feng truly was magnanimous, and hurriedly bowed again in gratitude.

"You’re truly a generous person, Young Master Li."

Li Feng, hearing this, smiled inwardly.

’Of course I’m generous... since your mother did such a great job emptying my balls...’

But outwardly, he put his hands behind his back and spoke like a righteous disciple.

"It is nothing. Seeing someone as resolved as you, Young Master Zhou, truly moves me, and I am willing to help anyone in need."

"Young Master Li... no, let me call you Senior Brother!" Zhou Wenhai’s heart felt moved, thinking that his parents’ description of those detached and arrogant sect disciples was completely wrong.

At least there’s someone as great as Li Feng.

Li Feng just smiled, seeing the gratitude and goodwill from Zhou Wenhai, then looked up, thinking he still had some time.

"We still have some time. Try and show me your martial arts."

"Yes! Senior Brother Li." Then he unsheathed the sword at his waist and began practicing his stances in front of Li Feng.

Swing.

Swing.

Swing.

After finishing his first stance, Zhou Wenhai smiled and asked, "This is my family’s Silver Sword Art. What do you think, Senior Brother Li?"

But what greeted the excited Zhou Wenhai was Li Feng’s frowning face.

"Eh? Is there something wrong?" Zhou Wenhai couldn’t help but ask.

Li Feng didn’t reply but picked up a stick from the ground and walked toward him.

"Spread your leg a bit more, and try lowering your arm when you swing," he instructed, then began adjusting Zhou Wenhai’s stance with the wooden stick.

Soon, seemingly satisfied, Li Feng nodded at Zhou Wenhai. "Do it again."

Zhou Wenhai nodded and began performing his Silver Sword Art once more.

Swing!

Swing!

Zing!

This time, the swings felt sharper, and a flash of silvery light could be seen.

Zhou Wenhai, feeling the difference, eyes brightened with joy as he shouted, "Wow!"

Li Feng, on the other hand, just nodded with a smile.

Even though he didn’t know this guy’s sword art, with his observant eye and instinct, Li Feng realized the imperfections in Zhou Wenhai’s stance and simply corrected them.

Then his smile froze as he saw Zhou Wenhai start swinging again.

Swing.

Swing.

Li Feng noticed that Zhou Wenhai had reverted back to his usual stance.

Even Zhou Wenhai noticed it himself, so he start blushing a little as he looked at Li Feng.

"Senior Brother Li, can you fix my stance one more time? I will definitely remember it this time!"

Li Feng just shook his head while smiling wryly and began adjusting Zhou Wenhai’s stance again, thinking it was normal to need a few more rounds of practice to fully correct it.

But alas, after 30 minutes had passed, Li Feng stared with dead eyes at Zhou Wenhai, who kept using his stance incorrectly.

’Wait... maybe teaching him the whole thing is too much. Better let him focus something simple first.’

Li Feng walked toward Zhou Wenhai again, whose face had already turned red from embarrassment.

He then explained,

"Try perfecting your horizontal swing for now. We’ll move step by step after you perfect it."

Zhou Wenhai nodded hurriedly, then began practicing his swing.

Swing.

"1!"

"2!"

"3!"

....

...

"128!"

Li Feng, who was already sitting with his hand under his chin in an already opened caravan next to him, couldn’t help but feel bored while watching Zhou Wenhai practice.

"...This is so boring..." he murmured, and couldn’t help but think that if it were for Zhou Wenhai, now he would have spend some wonderful time playing with Fen Ziyan’s body instead of sitting idly like this.

Suddenly, as if heaven had answered Li Feng’s thoughts, a soft, mature voice reached him.

"Oh? Young Master Li, son? what are you guys doing here?"

Madam Yan’s beautiful and graceful figure could be seen walking from the other side.