Chapter 372: Wei Meilin’s Capableness (4)

After some time had passed, the room was filled with wet, obscene sounds.

Gulp!

Gulp!

Gulp!

"Ugh..."

Li Feng groaned in pleasure as he enjoyed Yue Lan’s obedient mouth while Wei Meilin frantically sucked him from below.

His hand was busy molding and groping Yue Lan’s bare breasts, which he had pulled out a while ago by tugging down the upper part of her robe.

They hung enticingly as she leaned over the table.

Soon, feeling his climax approaching, Li Feng’s breathing grew rough.

He squeezed Yue Lan’s soft breast even more firmly and—

Spurt!

Spurt!

"Mhmm~ Mhmm~"

Wei Meilin let out a happy, suppressed moans as she began milking him with devotion.

Her cheeks hollowed as she sucked greedily, determined to suck out every last drop.

Slurp...

Li Feng finally released Yue Lan’s lips.

A thin string of saliva connected them for a moment before breaking.

He grunted and closed his eyes in ecstasy, savoring how expertly his little brother was being milked.

"Damn... This feels amazing."

When he opened his eyes, he saw Yue Lan’s beautiful face looking at him like an obedient child waiting for instructions.

With a smirk, he gave her stiffened pink bud one last rough pinch before letting go.

"Ahh, thank you for that, Lan’er."

Seeing that he was satisfied, Yue Lan smiled gently and leaned back.

She then slowly tucking her large breasts back into her robe.

Seeing this, Li Feng couldn’t help but sigh in contentment.

He had heard that Dao Companions usually only dual cultivated when they need to strengthen each other.

But to him, that was such a waste.

’Heh, now that I have such an amazing Dao Companion, I should enjoy every single part of her.’

With a lewd grin, Li Feng turned his attention to the beautiful head buried deep between his legs.

Now that his mind was a little clearer, his expression turned slightly serious.

"And I will give you one hundred Stars along with one million Spirit Stones."

Wei Meilin, whose nose was pressed against his groin as she steadily swallowed the hot, thick liquid flowing into her mouth, suddenly froze.

Li Feng had already decided to invest heavily.

He was quite rich in Favor Points now.

Not only would this help him obtain the Liquid Gold faster, but he was also planning to build his own loyal faction... people who would handle all the troublesome chores and serve him personally.

Which was why the Star Apostle skill was the perfect tool to start expanding that power.

He continued speaking while gently patting her head.

"This is not just a personal reward, but my investment in you. I want you to use these resources to create wealth for me... until I become the richest man on this continent."

Wei Meilin blinked, about to lift her head, but Li Feng’s hand gently pushed her back down.

Understanding that he wasn’t finished explaining and... releasing, she obediently continued milking the remaining hot seed with her tongue and throat.

Slurp...

Gulp...

Seeing such a smart and capable woman, Li Feng smiled with satisfaction and continued.

"Those one hundred Stars are not for you to absorb yourself, but to groom your own subordinates. I don’t need to explain how tempting this offer is, so choose the people wisely. With this method, you will gain a group of extremely loyal servants... so use them to achieve my goals."

Hearing this,

Wei Meilin’s eyes turned serious as countless calculations and plans flashed through her mind.

At the same time, her tongue and throat never stopped their diligent work... swirling, sucking, and swallowing every drop.

One million Spirit Stones was an enormous sum, and she already had thought of several ways to use it.

And the Stars were even more valuable as it was the ultimate temptation in this world.

If used wisely, she could easily build a capable and loyal force.

While deep in thought, Wei Meilin continued her devoted service, her cheeks hollowed as her tongue pressed along the underside of his shaft, coaxing out every last drop.

Li Feng simply smiled lewdly, thoroughly enjoying himself.

With such a smart woman by his side, he could leave the troublesome matters to her.

Gently caressing her head, he continued, "And of course, the rewards will be generous. Not only will I help increase your soul’s limit for the Stars, but... I promise you that your cultivation will have no bottlenecks in the future."

Li Feng knew the value of a good carrot.

Despite being his Star Envoy, Wei Meilin was still a greedy woman at heart, which he doesn’t mind and even like this part about her.

Plus giving her these rewards wasn’t a problem for him.... especially since he got to enjoy the process.

Meanwhile, Wei Meilin’s eyes, hidden from view were already shining with excitement and ambition.

Even with her mouth stretched wide and lips pressed against his groin, her breathing grew rough just from imagining the bright future ahead.

_

_

_

Soon, after a few long minutes had passed,

Li Feng let out a deep, satisfied groan as the last thick spurts shot into Wei Meilin’s eager throat.

Only when he was completely spent did he ease his hand from the back of her head.

Slurp...

Wei Meilin slowly pulled back, her plump lips dragging along his glistening length with one final, loving slurp.

A thin string of saliva mixed with his seed connected her lower lip to his tip for a moment before snapping.

She looked up at him with misty, lust-filled purple eyes.

Her lips were shiny and slightly swollen, with a faint sheen of his essence still glistening at the corner of her mouth.

She swallowed one last time, then spoke in a husky, obedient whisper filled with determination.

"...This servant understands, Master. One million spirit stones... and one hundred Stars. I will not disappoint you."

Li Feng chuckled softly and reached down, lazily stroking her cheek with his thumb.

He wiped away the stray droplet and gently pushed it between her plump lips.

"Good girl. I knew you’d catch on quickly."

"Mhmm~"