Chapter 66: Training Fen Ziyan (2)

Li Feng hearing her impatient tone, he grinned and grab her soft waist tightly before ramming himself into her in one fierce stroke.

Slap!*Squelch*

"Ahhh~!" Fen Ziyan open her eye and mouth wide as her inside is roughly expanded again and soon her body start to sway back and forth under Li Feng control.

*Plap*

*Plap*

*Plap*

Li Feng’s eyes gleamed with heat as he thrust again and again, the obscene sound of flesh slapping echoing through the quiet room.

"Ahhh~! Haaa~!" Fen Ziyan’s entire body jolted, her breast swinging wildly beneath the transparent night gown as her voice cracked into shameless moans.

"Uhh... so tight as always, Senior Sister... you really are the best..." Li Feng’s low, rough voice pressed against her ear as he leaned over her bent body.

Fen Ziyan clawed at the bed sheets, her proud princess dignity utterly abandoned as her hips moved back to meet his every thrust.

Her voice broke into desperate cries, "Yes~! Harder! Junior Brother Li... I want it deeper... give me all of it... All of your -!"

Li Feng laughed lewdly, smacking her snow-white peach with a loud Pa! before driving himself even deeper.

"Since Senior Sister begs so sweetly... then I must do my best to oblige!"

"Ahhh! Haaaah~!"

The bed creaked violently as his pace grew merciless, like he using a toy or his personal seed dumpster.

Fen Ziyan’s moans turned more broken, more wanton, her tongue nearly lolling out a bit as tears formed in the corners of her eyes.

"S-so good... Junior Brother... your thing is filling me up again... ahhh~!"

Li Feng could feel her tight wall clamping greedily around his little brother, as if it trying to milk him for every last drop.

His desire flared even hotter, and he bit her shoulder lightly while pounding her from behind, his hands kneading her breasts through the gown.

"Ugghhh... Senior Sister... I’m going to fill you again..."

"Haaah~! Do it! Inside me again! Fill me with your essence, Junior Brother~!"

Her words completely broke his restraint.

With one last savage thrust, Li Feng groaned and poured everything deep inside her trembling body.

"Ahhhhhh~!" Fen Ziyan open her eye wide as she let out a pleasure screamed, her entire body collapsing forward onto the bed, legs shaking uncontrollably as she felt his hot essence gushing into her womb again.

After releasing for a few minutes,

Li Feng slowly pulled out with a shameless grin, watching his seed leak down her pale thighs, staining the expensive night gown.

Fen Ziyan lay there panting, flushed face buried in the sheets, a twisted smile curving her lips as she thought hazily,

’He came so much again... it must mean Junior Brother can’t get enough of my body... hehehe~’

Li Feng licked his lips, eyes still burning.

Not giving her much chance to recover, Li Feng grabbed her soft waist again, pushing her up onto her knees as he pressed his still-hard length against her dripping entrance once more.

Li Feng didn’t give her any chance to catch her breath. He shoved himself back inside with one rough thrust.

Slap!

"Ahhh~! A-again?! Junior Brother...!" Fen Ziyan’s voice cracked into a high-pitched moan, her arms trembling as she clung to the bedsheets.

Li Feng grinned, pulling her hair back so she had no choice but to arch her back.

"Of course again. Senior Sister’s body is too delicious to stop at just once."

Plap! Plap! Plap!

The sound of skin slapping echoed louder than before, the wet friction growing obscene as her juices mixed with his essence continue dripped down her thighs.

Fen Ziyan’s proud expression shattered again. Her eyes rolled up, lips parted as cries spilled out uncontrollably.

"Ahhh~! Hnnn~! Junior Brother! It’s so much... you’re pounding me too hard...!"

"Too hard?" Li Feng laughed darkly, his hips smashing harder against her swollen peach. "This is what you begged for, Senior Sister. Take it all."

Her breasts swung violently beneath the transparent gown, the slit falling open completely to expose her pink tips. Li Feng reached down, pinching and twisting them shamelessly.

"Uhhhn~! My... breasts...! You’re too rough~!"

"Rough? Hah, they’re made to be squeezed like this." He grab her chest hard, making her gasp and moan louder.

His pace never slowed.

Fen Ziyan collapsed forward onto her elbows, ass still high as he pounded into her like a beast. Her moans turned slurred, broken, as if her mind was dissolving under the waves of pleasure.

Splurt!

Li Feng groaned and shot another thick load deep inside her trembling depth.

Fen Ziyan screamed, her entire body convulsing as her climax tore through her, gushing around him while his seed filled her womb again.

She collapsed flat on the bed, sweat dripping down her pale skin, hair messy, breasts pressed against the sheets.

Her voice was hoarse, whispering almost drunkenly,

"S-so much... Junior Brother... again... you really like my body that much..."

Li Feng pulled out slowly, watching with satisfaction as his thick white essence leaked down between her spread thighs.

But his manhood was still rock-hard.

He smirked, grabbing her exhausted body and flipping her onto her back.

The transparent gown stuck to her sweaty skin, her breast’s pink bead fully spilling out through the slit, and the V-string panties clinging uselessly to her lower body.

Fen Ziyan’s hazy eyes widened as he positioned himself over her again. "W-wait...! I can’t... not so soon..."

Li Feng lowered his lips to her ear, voice dripping with heated desire.

"Senior Sister, didn’t you say you’d fulfill my wish? Then tonight, you’ll keep wearing this gown while I use you until you can’t think anymore."

Before she could protest, he pushed back inside.

"Ahhhhhh~!"

Her scream filled the room once again as her legs instinctively wrapped around him.

This time, Li Feng kissed her passionately, devouring her moans while his hips hammered down mercilessly.

His hands roamed freely, lifting the gown to expose her curves, playing with her breasts, and rubbing her swollen clit until she broke down beneath him.

Round after round blurred together.

Every time she collapsed, he dragged her back up — on her knees, on her back, even straddling his lap as he sat on the bed, making her bounce on him until her thighs gave out.

Her voice grew hoarse, moans reduced to slurred cries, her princess pride and image shattered completely.

By the fourth climax, tears streaked down her flushed face, and by the fifth, her body was limp, trembling, yet still clamping desperately around him.

"...Junior Brother Li... you’re going to... break me..." she whimpered, her voice trembling with both fear and intoxicated bliss.

Li Feng smirked, kissing her neck as he slammed into her one more time.

"Don’t worry....I will give you a high quality recover pill...if that happen."

Splurt!

Another load spilled deep inside her, overflowing past her folds and staining the sheets beneath.

Fen Ziyan’s mind went blank.

Her lips curled into a dazed, intoxicated smile as she drifted into exhaustion, murmuring weakly.

"He... he really can’t resist me... hehe..."

Li Feng looked down at the ruined, lewdly dressed princess beneath him who currently have a weird smug grin on her face despite being used to vent his desire.

His smile widened shamelessly at the mess he created.

’This stupid woman... I’ll keep training both her mind and body... until she can’t live without me.’

And then with a thought,

’System... upgrade five more stars...’

Fen Ziyan’s body once again endured the storm of desire for the entire day.

At some point, everything blurred into a haze for her.

The room smelled of sweat, lust, and faint traces of her fragrance, but she could barely keep track of time anymore.

Her once-proud composure as a princess was long gone—now, she simply bent where Li Feng positioned her, her supple body folding into whatever shameless position he desired.

Sometimes she found herself pinned against the wall, legs spread wide as he pounded into her.

Other times she was bent over the edge of the bed, her breasts pressed flat while he drove her hips from behind.

He even lifted her completely off the ground more than once, while laughing shamelessly as she clung to him like a ragdoll while his strength never faltered.

Her moans grew softer and hoarser as the hours stretched on, but every time she thought he was done, Li Feng’s endurance would flare again, like it got revitalize and his hands, his body, his shameless words never letting her sink fully into rest as she could only helplessly spread her leg and let out a moans.

And yet..

So rough... so relentless... yet why... does my heart feel so light...? Fen Ziyan thought dimly, as a strange hollow and twisted pride swirling inside her chest.

-

-

Morning soon arrived.

Inside Li Feng’s residence was a complete mess, as clothes lay scattered across the floor, the table had been knocked over, and chairs were in odd places as if they’d been shoved aside in a frenzy.

Li Feng stood tall and straight in the middle of his room, completely naked.

His well-defined muscles, which seem to filled with strength and power, can be seen under the morning light.

He had completely changed after just one day, not just appearance but also his aura which seem like it being forge into a Divine Weapon.

Both of his hands currently lazily gripped Fen Ziyan’s smooth ankles as her body dangled upside down like a fish caught on a line.

Li Feng seemed to be pondering something as he looked at Fen Ziyan’s head hanging upside down.

Fen Ziyan’s crimson eyes were already hazy, her hair a mess, the nightgown hanging loosely and exposing the alluring curves of her body along with her swaying breasts.

"Hmm... cultivator bodies really are flexible and amazing... should I fold her in half next? Or maybe press her against the wall and see how long she lasts this time...?" Li Feng muttered aloud.

A grin then spread across his lips as he came up with new ideas to play with his personal seed dumpster.

But then,

A sudden knock echoed at the door.

*knock*

*knock*