Chapter 140: Yan Moxuan (2)

"Y-Yes! We need to capture a female disciple from the Azure Moon Sect inside the secret realm!"

Yan Moxuan, who heard this, didn’t release his hand and coldly asked,

"I’m sure you wouldn’t forget what our target looks like, right?"

Ye Mo nodded hurriedly,

"Of course I remember her face! There aren’t that many females who would fit such a description..."

Then Ye Mo felt the hand gripping his neck gradually release, and he was dropped onto the floor.

Thump.

He caressed his neck, which felt like it had nearly snapped a moment ago.

"Thank you—"

Before he could finish, a red flash cut across his vision, followed by a tearing pain in his mind.

SPURT!

"Argh!"

Ye Mo screamed as his right arm was completely severed, while blood bursting out uncontrollably.

Yan Moxuan said coldly,

"This is your first and last warning... If there is a next time, it will be your head that is severed."

Ye Mo gritted his teeth in agony, yet a strange smile rose on his face.

"Yes..."

Yao Xin, who was looking at the bastard Ye Mo poor state, started to grin mischievously, feeling happy.

’Hmph~ That’s what you get for trying to get between my legs. You’re not even my type~’

Just a while ago, this bastard Ye had been provoking her and even trying to get her own sect disciples to pressure her into his twisted banquet.

And when she refused, he started calling her fake.

Yao Xin was so mad at this, which was why she stormed off to find Yan Moxuan ... and well, the rest is history.

It was one of her sore spots that despite being a Yin Devil Sect Holy Daughter candidate, she was actually still a virgin.

’...I only need to wait a little more, then I can finally experience those things those sluts seem to enjoy so much.’

Her grandpa had given her a powerful cultivation technique that required her to remain a virgin until the Foundation Establishment realm.

And that was why she wasn’t respected at all by those slutty disciples because they knew she wasn’t even experienced.

’Hmph, they’re all short-sighted, while I focus more on long-term gain.’

Yao Xin, who was feeling great and smiling happily to herself, suddenly froze as she heard her name called out.

"Yao Xin, give him your rank 3 recovery pill."

Yan Moxuan’s cold command made her stiffen.

She looked extremely reluctant.

"This... I don’t have many left, so—"

"Didn’t you say you had a lot of those toys a moment ago?" Yan Moxuan cut her off.

Yao Xin was about to act coy, but when she noticed the rising irritation on Yan Moxuan’s face....as if he might put her in the same state as Ye Mo.

She quickly changed her tone.

"Yes, yes, if it’s for Brother Yan I can waste any of these! "

Yan Moxuan turned and walked out of the room.

As he passed the naked, tangled disciples, he released his aura and warned them,

"Get back to your rooms. The secret realm will be open soon, and you can have your fill with the other sect disciples at that time. So if I see even one more ridiculous scene like this, then I will..."

Without finishing his words, a terrifying killing intent flooded the room.

The disciples scrambled to get up and put on their clothes, as the fear of losing their lives overwhelming any lingering desire.

_

_

_

Yan Moxuan, once outside again, saw another man waiting for him with a smile.

His expression shifted instantly from cold ruthlessness to a warm, friendly smile, as if everything earlier was fake.

But if Yao Xin saw this, she would immediately know it was an awful fake smile.

"Brother Gong, what are you doing here?" Yan Moxuan’s friendly voice echoed as he walked toward the man before him.

A tall, well-dressed young man in his late twenties stood there.

His blue sect robes were embroidered with thundercloud patterns, and his smile looked just as warm and friendly.

"Haha, Brother Yan, of course I have to be nearby. After all, you are our Thundercloud Sect’s honored guest."

Gong Liangyu laughed, then showed a small regretful expression after sensing the killing intent and the lingering smell of blood on Yan Moxuan’s body.

"I really caused you some trouble, Brother Yan. We can’t afford any more ’mysterious’ disappearances among our disciples. Especially after your fellow... disciple devoured that dao couple so fast. Now the other Grand Elders are starting to notice the frequency of these disappearances."

Despite his regretful tone, a hint of a grin flashed across his face.

Yan Moxuan also noticed it but ignored it and return the friendly smile.

"Don’t joke around, Brother Gong. If it weren’t for your help, I really couldn’t control that degenerate bunch."

That part, he meant it.

Gong Liangyu had been providing "food" and shelter ever since their group arrived here.

If not for the man before him, their group would have stayed in the wild instead of a luxurious place like this.

And Gong Liangyu was even willing to offer his own sect disciples as "food" for the group behind him.

Of course, Yan Moxuan knew those disciples were all from other families.....probably even enemies of Gong Liangyu.

Especially the last pair, the beautiful dao couple who was a rising genius of the sect that belong to another family.

With his help, they manage to subdued them in secret and tossed the male to the Yin Devil disciples, while the female was thrown to the hungry Fire Yang disciples.....all while Gong Liangyu watched their humiliation with jeering amusement.

The Thundercloud Sect was one of the large sects under the Azure Moon Sect.

And it wasn’t like any other ordinary sects as it was formed by three powerful families banding together.

Yan Moxuan knew that the Gong family was trying to weaken the other families to solidify their position as leaders.

’...These power-hungry people are always the same,’ he thought inwardly.

And he knew the Gong family didn’t help cover his tracks because of their past connections.

’And it seems their ambition reaches even further...’ Yan Moxuan mused.

These fools seemed to want to swallow the entire Azure Moon Sect too by using him to kill and create more chaos in the legion.

He doubted they would succeed as the any of the Five Major sects were not simple.

Just the fact that the Azure Moon Sect and the other four major sects once joined forces and managed to force the Divine Blood Sect to retreat was already astonishing in his eyes

.... especially for someone like him who knew the true background of the Divine Blood Sect.

Moreover, he had once been a core disciple of the Azure Moon Sect himself, and he knew some of its secret.... especially that ’thing’ hidden deep beneath the sect...

But he didn’t bother explaining or complaining.

Right now, both sides were just using each other.

It was a win–win situation.

After some friendly chatter, Gong Liangyu suddenly looked worried.

"Brother Yan, are you sure you can enter the secret realm? That portal will be filled with the other major sects’ disciples and elders. I’m afraid even you might—"

Yan Moxuan smiled and waved his hand dismissively. "Don’t worry about that. I already have my own way in."

Hearing his confident words, Gong Liangyu smiled in relief.

Then he tried to probe,

"Say, Brother Yan... what exactly are you trying to achieve in the secret realm? I’m sure it’s not just revenge, right?"

Gong Liangyu knew the man before him was hiding something....something extraordinary if it forced a fugitive and demonic cultivator like him to risk returning back into this region.

Yan Moxuan simply chuckled and brushed it aside.

"Haha, it really is just that. I want to repay some humiliation I suffered in the past."

Of course he wasn’t stupid enough to reveal his true objective, ....especially since it concerned his path to immortality.

But then his heart beat slightly faster at Gong Liangyu’s next words.

"Really? I see. By the way, Brother... if possible, could you help me capture a female disciple from the Azure Moon Sect?"

The atmosphere froze.

Gong Liangyu sensed something strange but couldn’t identify it, so he continued.

"This female disciple is... one of my lost treasures. I just found out she’s in the Azure Moon Sect and is even about to enter the secret realm too."

He spoke while imagining those beautiful golden eyes, grinning... completely unaware of Yan Moxuan’s eyes growing increasingly red.

Suppressing his killing intent, Yan Moxuan asked, his voice a bit hoarse.

"... Sure. What is her name?"

Gong Liangyu smiled excitedly and replied,

"Her name is Yue Lan."

_

_

_

Meanwhile,

Somewhere in the wilderness.

A young heroic woman dressed in a simple black and white martial robe, with her long black hair tied in a ponytail, had just swung her blade in a clean arc as she slashed off the head of a huge demonic beast resembling a massive boar.

SPLAT!

The head of a massive demonic boar flew into the air before crashing to the ground.

BOOM!

And soon,

The headless body also slowly fall onto the earth as cracks spreading across the earth and debris scattered.

Even in death, its terrifying aura still lingered and it was unmistakably a Peak Rank 2 Demonic Beast.

Swish.

Krack...

Krack...

The young woman casually swung her blade to shake off the blood, with faint sparks of lightning dancing along its edge of her blade.

She looked around eighteen, carrying herself with a confident and optimistic temperament.

"Phew...With this demonic beast gone, those townfolk won’t have to worry anymore."

She smiled happily, pleased with having done another good deed.

Then she spoke out loud, as if talking to herself.

"Master, I finally mastered the Thunderclap Sword Technique! And just like you said, it truly fits perfectly with my Thunderforge Body."

Slowly, a white figure of an old man dressed in white materialized beside her like a ghost.

But instead of looking ghostly, the old man appeared almost immortal-like with those long white beard, serene dignified posture, and eyes that seem to filled with ancient wisdom.

The old man stroked his beard as he examined the peak rank-2 beast corpse, a pleased smile forming on his face.

"As expected of a Celestial-grade Special Physique aligned with ’Destructive’ energy. If nurtured properly, it can allow its bearer to unleash terrifying power..."

The young woman scratched her cheek and smiled sheepishly at the praise.

Then excitement flashed in her eyes.

"And Master! I feel like I’m already at the peak of the 9th stage of Qi Refinement. Can I break through to the Foundation Establishment Realm now?"

Before she could say another word—

Bonk!

The old man smacked her on the head lightly with a wooden staff he conjured out of thin air.

"What did I teach you about being patient?"

He stroked his beard and then raised his chin proudly.

"Don’t worry. As long as I, your master, the true Immortal Jiuming am here, the Foundation Establishment Realm is nothing. Hmph! Back when I was alive, even Nascent Soul cultivators weren’t even worthy of being my maids, and—"

The young woman quickly interrupted, "Yes yes, Master, I know you’re the strongest and handsome immortal. I’ve heard that a thousand times already."

Immortal Jiuming smiled smugly.

"As long as you understand how lucky you are to be my disciple."

The youth let out a silent sigh of relief.....saved from another hour-long bragging session and quickly shifted the topic.

"Then Master, can you perform that divination... thingy you talked about? At least tell me when I should break through to Foundation Establishment Realm."

"It’s a Divination Art!" Immortal Jiuming corrected sharply.

The young woman nodded obediently.

"Yes yes, please perform the Divination Art for me, oh great Master."

Immortal Jiuming sneered, annoyed that he had to correct her yet again, but still raised his hand and began tapping his fingers in the air, initiating the divination.

Truthfully, he was also curious as he had only recover a small remnant of his power so far and had never checked the fate of this disciple properly.

The young woman watched with wide, expectant eyes.

But then she saw her master’s expression shift—first serious, then shocked... and finally, completely deadpan and silent.

The young woman, who had never seen this expression from her master before, grew curious and ask,

"Master, what’s wrong?"

Immortal Jiuming then turn his head and stared at her with solemn eyes and spoke in a deep, dignified voice,

"My disciple... this continent is doomed. Let’s run."

"???"