Chapter 181: Training Ye Shuang (3)

A few days have passed after Li Feng saved Ye Shuang.

Now they were traveling together as they explored the forest.

But it was more of Ye Shuang just following Li Feng wherever he went.

And for Ye Shuang, she was quite satisfied, as following Li Feng proved to be quite fruitful.

Since Senior brother Li Feng was an alchemist, they had gotten a huge harvest as he can find those hidden valuable spiritual plants easily.

And Li Feng was also quite generous so long as she was willing to do what he wanted, he would give her many things and even help her refine some pills that she wanted.

"Ahh! Senior Brother, look at what I found."

Ye Shuang, in her aqua-green robe, could be seen walking over with a bright smile.

Her beautiful and youthful face looked radiant, and her shapely figure couldn’t be fully hidden.

Her hips swayed seductively with each step, and he large breasts bounced slightly.

She was currently holding a pink flower that clearly looked extraordinary.

Li Feng, who was nearby, turned to look at her curiously.

He was currently holding the neck of a demonic beast that looked like a four-armed monkey.

The creature was a head taller than Li Feng, but right now it was struggling wildly, trying to free itself from his grip.

Li Feng didn’t seem to care about its struggle.

And when he saw the flower in her hand, a strange look surfaced on his face, as he knew what that flower was used for.

Crack!

He snapped the demonic beast’s neck.

It had tried to ambush him earlier.

Thump.

He casually dropped the monster’s body onto the ground.

Seeing this, Ye Shuang’s eyes brightened.

She walked over, handed him the flower, then knelt down.

Taking out a small blade, she began cutting into the dead demonic beast body’s flesh.

Li Feng watched her curiously, noticing her skilled movements as if she had done this many times before.

He had already witnessed her ability during their encounters with demonic beasts over the past few days.

Some demonic beasts could have a core that could be sold for quite a sum.

Their skin, bones, and even flesh could also be sold.

Li Feng, who had already become quite rich, finally learned how a normal disciple earned spirit stones.

So he restrained his strength and killed the demonic beasts without disintegrating them.

It seemed that giving these corpses to Ye Shuang made her quite happy, which also directly benefited him during their... night activities.

Soon, under Ye Shuang’s expert hands, not even a bone was left.

She dismantled the entire monster and stored everything inside her storage pouch.

Seeing her bloodied face, Li Feng sighed and cast a cleansing spell on her.

"Thank you, Senior Brother."

Ye Shuang smiled as she stood up, then pointed in one direction.

"And Senior, I actually found those pink flowers growing in batches over there. Come, let me—"

Just as she was about to walk there, Li Feng grabbed her shoulder.

"..?"

Ye Shuang was about to turn back to look at Li Feng, but she froze at his words.

"...How about we rest, Junior Sister?"

Li Feng’s soft voice echoed from behind her.

And her body heated up instantly, as her legs trembled slightly.

....As those were the signal words they had agreed upon whenever Li Feng needed to relieve his chaotic yang.

Ye Shuang blushed slightly as she lowered her head and nodded softly,... then walked toward the tree in front of her.

Slowly, she bent forward into an "Relief" posture that Li Feng have taught her as she put both of her hand onto the rough tree surface and then spread her legs with her hip raised enticingly.

She moved so fluidly, as if she had done this countless times or to be precise.....trained to do this countless times.

After all, this was her... duty.

Li Feng smiled at this trained junior and slowly made his way behind her.

Seeing the alluring curve of her large hips and small waist as she spread her legs apart for him, he rolled up her skirt until her white and plump peach appeared.

He began to squeeze that soft and elastic flesh roughly for a while and let out a satisfied smile, seeing that Ye Shuang still managed to maintain her position.

Without needing to waste any more time, he loosened his sash and took out his already hardened little brother, slowly inserting it into that familiar warm and wet cave.

Squelch...

"Mmh~"

Ye Shuang let out a suppressed moan after feeling that huge thing slowly stretching her once again.

Even as her legs began to feel weak and her breathing grew heavy, she still continued to maintain that posture.

Plap!

His hips now touched hers as his little brother could no longer be seen.

"Haa~" Li Feng grinned lewdly, feeling that wet flesh and tight sensation enveloping his little brother once again.

Seeing that Ye Shuang was bending perfectly, he smiled in satisfaction.

’It seems training this junior for a few days was worth it.’

He smiled as he slowly began to move his waist.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"Haa... mhmm~ ahh~"

Ye Shuang’s seductive body began to sway back and forth frantically as Li Feng went rough from the start.

Since they were still in the forest, he had to finish quickly.

"Ahh~ ahh~ haa~!"

Soon, Ye Shuang could no longer suppress her moans, her voice ringing out sensually as her head shook back and forth.

Smack!

"Haaa~!"

Suddenly,

A resounding slap echoed out.

Li Feng, who was still shaking his waist without stopping, gave another slap to that rippling white flesh.

Smack!

"It seems you need more training... if you’re going to moan this loudly, aren’t you just begging for monsters to come?" he said in a cold tone.

"Haa~ S-sorry... ah~"

Ye Shuang, who was still bending while being plowed from behind, hurriedly removed her hands from the tree and covered her mouth.

Li Feng smiled when he saw her trying so hard.

He had actually already created a formation whenever they did it so no one could see or sense them.

But he didn’t tell her, as it seemed that doing it out in the open like this.... made Ye Shuang noticeably tighter inside.

Smack!

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

Soon, his waist grew rougher and rougher until her head jerked back and forth.

Then—

Spurt!

"Hmm~!"

Li Feng thrust his little brother deeply and released his seed.

"Phew~ that was a great one."

He let out a sigh of relief, feeling his load being emptied.

Then he leaned down.

With one hand, he grasped her drooping soft breasts, and with the other, he grabbed Ye Shuang’s hair and tilted her head slightly toward him.

Ye Shuang’s beautiful, teary face could be seen, looking extremely enticing.

Without another word, he roughly kissed her, his tongue loosening as it devoured her mouth.

"Mmh~"

Ye Shuang didn’t resist and simply went along with Li Feng’s desire.

Right now,

With her breasts being groped and her inside being filled again, Ye Shuang seemed to be oddly getting used to it.

’...This is for helping Senior...’ inside, she still thought so.

Without realizing it herself, it looked more like Li Feng was simply using her for his own pleasure rather then it helping him with his problem.

After kissing for a while, Li Feng released her mouth, strands of saliva stretching between them.

He leaned back and pushed her slightly, then slowly pulled his large, veiny little brother out of her wet and tight space.

"Ahh... haa... haaa..."

Ye Shuang breathed roughly as she felt that huge thing slowly left her inside.

Then suddenly, she turned toward Li Feng and knelt down, bringing that stained length in front of her face.

As if trained, she opened her small mouth and began to clean it.

slurp...

slurp...

slurp...

"Ahh~Good girl..."

Li Feng smiled as he patted the obedient girl below him.

Ye Shuang’s eyes seemed to smile at his praise as she sucked and cleaned him even more devotedly, her head bobbing back and forth.

Drip...

Drip...

Between her spread kneeling legs, a white translucent liquid slowly flowed out, dripping onto the dirty earth.

Li Feng looked up at the sky as he enjoyed the cleaning service and couldn’t help but sigh again

This time was not from pleasure but from frustration.

It was because he still hadn’t managed to find Yue Lan during these past few days.

’It seems I have to ask Goldie to help search for her during the night.’

He closed his eyes, lost in thought while the bobbing head below continued to suck diligently.

Just as he was planning, he suddenly opened his eyes and looked toward one direction.

Because his powerful senses picked up something as he lightly sniff in the air.

Then, a faint metallic scent reached his nose, and he managed to recognize it almost immediately.

Li Feng frowned slightly ,

’...Blood?’

And not just any blood...

...but a human blood.