Chapter 90: Madam Yan (3)

Inside Chief Zhou’s tent,

Plates of half-finished food lay scattered across the table, and Chief Zhou himself was slumped forward.

His head resting on the wooden surface, while his face completely flushed red.

"Mmm... profit..." he mumbled in his sleep with a silly grin, clearly lost in a pleasant dream.

But if he were to wake up and see the scene behind the curtain... on his own bed, he would probably faint on the spot and think he was still dreaming.

Below the curtain, a faint, transparent barrier shimmered, silently sealing the heat and sound around the bed, keeping every trace of debauchery from slipping out.

But if one were to step inside, they would have notice the atmosphere would change entirely.

As the air was thick behind the curtain, heavy with desire, and carried the intoxicating scent of sweat and pleasure from the pair tangled on the bed.

"Ahhh...! Aahhh~... Haaah...!"

A woman’s voice echoed through the enclosed space, raw and breathless, as if she was drowning in pleasure beneath a man who was busily moving his waist.

Creak...

Creak...

Creak...

The bed creaked nonstop from the man’s movements above her as she lay on her chest on the bed.

The man’s back was firm and muscular, his body so big that it seemed almost twice her size as he leaned over her, making her mature, fair body look small beneath him.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"...Ahh~... Too rough...! P-Please s-slow...Haaa~," Madam Yan’s melting voice could be heard, while intermittently interrupted by her own moans.

"Ugh..." Li Feng, chest pressed fully against her back as he held her head, continued thrusting roughly.

He pretended not to hear her erotic pleas, focusing instead on moving his hips for more pleasure.

"Ahh...! Haa...! Aahhh..." Madam Yan’s eyes turned misty as she felt suffocated with pleasure, while being trapped completely under his weight, and her insides being stretched by his hot, large length.

’...T-This is too much..!,’ she thought, her eyes nearly rolling back as she felt like she being drowned in pleasure, completely pinned beneath him.

Her legs were somewhat free, but she could do nothing but flail helplessly in the air.

Her arms were also free, yet all she could do was try to push against the muscular arm holding her head but powerless, as her strength was too weak.

Li Feng currently had an excited smile on his face as he felt the pleasure from his thrust, while he inhaled the intoxicating scent of this mature woman, who agreed to spread her legs for him whenever he wanted.

Of course, Li Feng controlled his strength, only exerting just enough force to make this mature beauty feel the roughness.

And he didn’t care about the noise, as he had already set up a small noise-canceling formation around the bed and the curtain.

’Never thought I’d get to use my formation talent so soon...’, he grinned and continue his thrust.

Soon, he released deep within her once again, this being his second shot.

"Ahh~..." Madam Yan’s eye widened, her elegance and grace were nowhere to be found, as strands of her loose hair stuck to her cheeks, and her face was a mess, with drool visible at the corners of her mouth.

Sensing herself being filled once more, Madam Yan let out a sigh of relief... as the only time she could catch her breath was when Li Feng is busy ejaculating deep inside her.

Li Feng just closed his eyes with a grin, still pressing his whole body onto her while grinding his hip, as if trying to use her tight flesh to squeeze out the remain of his essence inside his little brother.

Squech...

He slowly got off as his little brother slowly come out of Madam Yan’s entrance.

"Uhm~..." Madam Yan let out a soft moan as she felt the big thing slowly being pulled out.

Freedom soon returned to her body after the weight that had been pressing on her all this time, and she let out a deep breath, as if a huge burden had just been lifted.

"Haa... haa... Young Master, are you satisfied...?" she asked, her voice tinged with trepidation as she glanced back, her face still flushed and disheveled.

Right now, she really thought she had miscalculated as she hadn’t expected Li Feng to be so.... demanding.

Madam Yan assumed a sect disciple would care more about cultivating than indulging himself so she had thought, at most, she’d have to spread her legs once in a while and act like his trophy.

’If I do this every day, my body and mind will be a complete mess...’

And just by the thought of it made her entrance twitch, though ....whether it was from excitement or fear, even she wasn’t sure.

plap...

Li Feng sat on her leg and placed his wet little brother, which had just left her cave, onto her white peach, grinning as he felt the faint tremble from her peach, as if she were intermittently orgasming.

And hearing the fear yet mixed with anticipation in her voice, Li Feng laughed inwardly.

Then, without replying, he shifted his body lower slightly, grabbed her thigh, and flipped her over, revealing her full front naked body.

"Ah..!" Madam Yan surprised at the sudden exposure, so instinctively tried to cover her face and breast.

Seeing this, Li Feng frowned and said with commanding tone, "Remove your hand."

Madam Yan body paused a bit, then slowly removed her hands from her breasts and face, while tilting her head to the side, feeling weak and unable to meet Li Feng’s hungry gaze.

Meanwhile, Li Feng couldn’t help but admire his little brother’s choice after stripping this mature beauty bare.

’As expected, she has a nice body underneath that loose nightgown.’ Li Feng’s eyes swelled with desire as he kept staring, as if he were appraising the quality of his new toy.

Her body was plump and soft, with the right amount of meat in the right places.

While her waist dipped into a shapely curve, and even her breasts were quite large, too big to fit in his hand, yet still perfectly shaped like teardrops, without any sagging.

Li Feng then lifted one of her legs high, staring admiringly at her soft, toned, fleshy thigh.

Slowly, his gaze dropped to her entrance, which twitched occasionally as his white essence continue to flowed out.

"T-This..." Madam Yan’s cheeks flushed red from embarrassment at the indecent posture.

Li Feng then lifted her other leg, placing both on his shoulders, while his hands lowered to grab her delicate waist, aiming his little brother at her entrance once again.

Squelch...

Madam Yan’s eyes widened in surprise as she felt the intrusion slowly spread her open inside once again.

"Haa...Y-Young Master...You..." Before she could finish, Li Feng thrust hard, and with a single insertion, his little brother immediately hit her womb entrance.

"Ah~!..?"

Her mind suddenly went white as she arched her body, and pressing her head against the bed while her hands gripped the sheets tightly.

Li Feng groaned in pleasure, feeling the soft flesh inside her again, then teased her a little after sensing Madam Yan body trembling beneath him.

"Oh? Did you just orgasm again, Madam?... Tch tch. I thought you’d be amazing since you’re trying so hard to seduce me, but... you seem to be quite easy."

Madam Yan didn’t seem to hear his words, as her eyes and mouth currently wide open.

"T-This pleasure is too much... no... I—", her body subconsciously tried to crawl away from the mind-numbing sensation coming from deep within her.

But before she could escape, Li Feng lowered his body, and trapping her beneath him once again.

He grabbed her head, keeping it fixed in place, with his face now only a breath away from hers.

"Where do you think you’re going... I’m still not satisfied yet..."

Looking at the disheveled, mature beauty face before him, his desire grew, as he wanted to make this usually graceful face mess up even more under pleasure.

Then Li Feng started thrusting his waist again, his speed gradually increasing, until the sound of flesh colliding echoed once more.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

If one were to stand behind Li Feng, they could see a delicate white leg rise high between the his bulky waist, flailing helplessly as if trying to escape.

A pair of delicate hands could also be seen clawing at the man’s back, as if the owner of the hands was currently experiencing an intense kind of sensation.

"Ahh~... P-Please... haaa~," Madam Yan, under Li Feng’s relentless thrusts, truly felt as if she were caught in a storm of pleasure, every nerve in her body electrified.

Li Feng, still holding her head, felt as if he were conducting a symphony, with Madam Yan’s moans serving as the melody.

Each variation in the strength of his thrusts produced a different tone of moan.

And after playing this ’music’ for a while, Li Feng felt the rising sensation in his waist once again.

"Madam... shall we try some rock music?" he whispered softly.

"...??" Madam Yan, her eyes already hazy, as she could only spread her legs wide and rise it high beneath him, unable to comprehend his words.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

"...Ahhh~!?" Her body began swaying frantically as she felt the hot rod inside her moving in and out.

"Uhh... Take it," Li Feng groaned, delivering one final hard thrust as he released his essence once again.

"...Ahhh~..." Madam Yan’s eyes already become half-lidded as she could only let out a weak moan, feeling herself being filled again with his hot essence.

After a few minutes of ejaculating deep inside her, Li Feng finally leaned back, letting out a refreshed sigh as he looked down at the already exhausted Madam Yan.

"Phew, that was a nice shot."

Without a care for her weakened state, he sat up and tried to pull her soft, flexible body closer while his little brother still remained deep inside her.

"...Ah~"

But Madam Yan had already lost all her strength, unable to keep her back straight, so her upper body remained bent over the bed.

Li Feng grinned lewdly at her bent-over body, as the seductive curves of her accentuated even more in the position with her large breasts spilling to the sides.

"Seems like Madam needs some assistance..."

He then supported her back with one hand, while the other stayed firmly on her waist, as if he doesn’t want to let go of the wet, tight sensation surrounding his little brother.

Leaning his head forward, he opened his mouth to devour her enticing breast.

"...Haa~" Madam Yan’s exhausted moan of pleasure filled the air as her breasts were being devoured and her cave continuously used.

But then, her half-lidded, dazed eyes suddenly snapped wide open as she heard a familiar voice.

"Mother, are you there?"