Chapter 176: Heroic and Righteous (2)

"Senior Brother Li !?"

Ye Shuang shout anxiously as she hurried to his side.

Despite being injured herself, she still tried to check whether he had been hurt anywhere else.

Li Feng clutched his chest in pain and forced out a smile, but it was obvious that the expression was filled with strain.

"Don’t worry ..." he said hoarsely. "It’s nothing."

Instead of tending to himself, he took out a jade bottle containing a flawless-grade recovery pill and handed it to Ye Shuang.

Seeing the bottle in his hand, Ye Shuang was momentarily confused.

Li Feng explained,

"This is a flawless-grade recovery pill. You should take it. I noticed your injuries are quite serious."

Gritting his teeth like he is enduring some pain, he pressed the bottle into her soft hand.

Hearing this, Ye Shuang eyes widened in shock.

Because she knew lawless-grade pills were not only incredibly expensive, but also extremely rare....so rare that sometimes even spirit stones could not easily buy them.

"T-This..." she stammered. "Senior Brother Li, you should take it. You don’t look well at all."

She tried to return the bottle after seeing his pale face.

However, Li Feng shook his head.

"It’s useless for me.... " He paused, then added quietly, " Because I—no, never mind...."

Hearing his hesitation, Ye Shuang knelt down and looked at him directly in the eyes.

"Please tell me what happened. What do you mean the pill is useless for you?"

Li Feng hesitated for a moment.

But seeing the determination in her gaze, he let out a soft sigh.

"....it’s useless because I’m currently suffering from the side effects of using a forbidden technique to boost my strength."

Ye Shuang trembled slightly upon hearing this.

She knew very well the severity of forbidden techniques as they always demanded an equivalent price in exchange for power.

’So that’s why Senior Brother Li’s strength was so terrifying ....’

Now she finally understood how Li Feng, despite being in the same realm as her, could unleash such overwhelming power.

A warm, aching feeling rose in her chest at that thought.

And her heart tightened.

He was willing to go so far, even to the point of damaging himself, simply to save a fellow disciple who he doesn’t know.

’He truly is a role model of our righteous sect...’

For some reason, her eyes grew teary as she looked at Li Feng’s pale and pained face.

After all, he was currently enduring the forbidden technique backlash just to save her.

Wiping the corners of her eyes, Ye Shuang lifted her head as resolve flashing within her gaze.

"Senior Brother," she said firmly, "please tell me about the side effects. Maybe...maybe I can help."

Suddenly, Li Feng let out a pained groan as he clutched his chest and bent forward.

Ye Shuang grew even more worried as she quickly reached out to support him.

Li Feng struggled for a moment, gasping for breath as sweat poured down his forehead.

After a long moment, he finally looked up at her and to her surprise.....his expression filled not with pain, but concern as he look at her injured state.

A wry smile appear on his lips.

"...Fine," he said weakly. "I’ll tell you ....but only after you take the recovery pill."

Ye Shuang’s eyes instantly turned misty again.

Even now, while suffering like this... he was still worrying about her.

"Y-Yes ! ," she nodded quickly. "I will take it right away !"

Not wanting to make him suffer any longer, she hurriedly swallowed the pill.

Almost instantly, pure spiritual energy surged through her body.

Her wounds and broken bones began healing at a terrifying speed.

Not only was her physical body restored, but even her exhaustion and mental strain were rapidly washed away.

Ye Shuang inhaled sharply as her eyes filled with disbelief.

’So this... was the power of a flawless-grade pill.’

Just as she was lingering in the warmth of her recovery—

"Cough! Cough!"

Li Feng’s pained coughing snapped Ye Shuang out of her daze.

She hurried back to his side and helped him up as his heavy arm naturally falling over her shoulder as his body leaned against hers.

"Senior Brother Li, can you tell me the side effect of that forbidden technique now ?" she asked anxiously. "If it’s something I can help with, I will definitely help !"

Li Feng did not reply.

He remained silent.

Still seeing his hesitation, Ye Shuang looked at him solemnly.

"Senior Brother...." she said earnestly, "Please tell me. I, Ye Shuang, will never forget the grace of you saving my life ! If there is anything I can do to ease your suffering, I will do my best.

Hearing her words—

Li Feng, who was now sneakily inhaling her youthful fragrance, clenched his teeth hard as if enduring something unbearable.

After a moment, he finally let out a long resigned sigh.

A look of shame appeared on his face as he turned his gaze away from her.

"...The side effect," he said slowly, "....is that my yang energy has overflowed. And it have become extremely chaotic... as it is currently damaging my meridians from within."

Hearing this,

Ye Shuang blinked, not understanding at first.

But then, almost instinctively—her gaze slowly lowered.

And she saw it... a huge tent currently forming at Li Feng’s crotch area.

Her face flushed red as she finally understood the kind of side effect Li Feng was suffering from... and what the solution would be.

"T-This..." she stammered.

Though she was a sect disciple who also focused on cultivation and chasing the dao, Ye Shuang had once been a young miss of a wealthy family before joining the sect.

So she was not entirely ignorant of matters between men and women.

Even though she had entered the sect at a young age and regarded her body as nothing more than a mortal shell now, she was still pure.

Her focus had always been on the Dao, leaving little room for worldly desires.

But she still somewhat reserved because of her upbringing and doesn’t want to give her purity away easily to just anyone.

Just as hesitation crept into her heart—

"Cough ! Cough—!"

Li Feng’s coughing suddenly worsened as a trace of blood seeped from the corner of his lips.

"Senior Brother !" Ye Shuang cried out in alarm.

Li Feng looked at her apologetically, forcing a weak smile.

"Ah... it’s nothing." he said hoarsely. "I know this is too much to ask of you, Junior Sister Ye. I’ll go meditate and endure this chaotic yang energy. Hopefully.... it will calm down."

Ye Shuang’s heart trembled.

Hearing that he was still considering her feelings despite his suffering, Ye Shuang finally made her decision.

"No !" she said suddenly, looking straight at him. "Let me help you, Senior Brother !"

She clenched her fists, her voice filled with resolve.

"This is only a mortal shell. If paying such a small price can help you.....then I’m willing."

Her voice was filled with resolve and sincerity.

’...It isn’t so bad to give my mortal body’s first time to Senior Brother Li,’ she thought.

’After all, he is such a good man.’

With that thought, the last of her hesitation disappeared.

Li Feng looked even more apologetic upon hearing her decision.

"...I see," he said softly. "I can feel your sincerity...so I won’t reject your help."

He pointed toward a direction deeper into the forest.

"Let’s go that way... I know you wouldn’t want to do it here."

Ye Shuang nodded and supported him as they walked in that direction.

Before long, they arrived at the entrance of a cave that looked....oddly new.

Ye Shuang tilted her head slightly in confusion, wondering why there was such a conveniently placed cave nearby until Li Feng let out another painful cough.

Panicking, she quickly helped him inside.

From afar,

The scene of a tall male disciple leaning heavily against a graceful female disciple who barely reached his shoulder, as the two disappearing into the cave together.

Unbeknownst to the young woman—

A faint, lewd smile resurfaced on the man’s lip.

With a mere thought, the rocks near the entrance trembled .....before sliding into place, sealing the cave entrance shut.

Thump!

...Like a trap that had finally lured its prey inside.

_

_

_

Somewhere inside the forest.

Yue Lan, who had been walking calmly through the woods, suddenly tilted her head toward a certain direction.

"Hm?"

For a brief moment, she felt the ground tremble.

And a faint sense of familiarity stirred within her, making her frown slightly.

However, whatever it was seem too far away for her spiritual sense to pinpoint.

After quietly listening for a while and finding nothing, she slowly continued moving through the forest.

The past few days had been rather fruitful for her.

She had managed to find several spiritual plants and some treasure, but the most important discovery was a strange, ancient temple.

But remembering Elder Yu’s warning, she hadn’t dared enter.

It might contain a great opportunity in there.... but there might also be trap left behind by an ancient cultivator.

Even if it had weakened or partially broken due to the passage of time, she still did not dare underestimate it.

After all, this realm was once a battlefield where an ancient cultivator had fought a phoenix.

If she could find Li Feng, perhaps she could bring him there.

As a formation master, he would be far better suit to deal with such dangers.

Then,

After walking for some time, she arrived at a clearing.

In the distance stood a steep cliff.

Just as she was about to head over to investigate, she suddenly stopped her step and turned to look back at the trees she had passed through earlier.

Her cold, emotionless golden eyes swept across the surroundings before she softly spoke,

".... Come out. I know you’re there."

Just as her words ended—

Rustle.

Rustle.

The leaves around the area shook slightly .....as a tall young man stepped out from behind a tree.

He was a handsome youth with charming black eyes, short obsidian hair, and a well-defined physique.

He currently wore a bright red robe, its color so bright that it almost looked like something that should be worn to a wedding.

At this moment, a friendly smile was spreading wider on his face as his gaze lingered on Yue Lan’s beautiful features and graceful figure.

"Ah~ I didn’t expect my first encounter here to find such a beautiful fairy...."

Ye Mo’s smile widened as he spread his arms and slowly walked toward her.

"....It seems my luck isn’t so bad,"

He smirked while licking his lip.