Chapter 201: Poisoned.

Somewhere,

Inside a forest.

A young heroic woman with a ponytail was currently cleaning her sword, which dripped with blood.

Next to her, a charred demonic beast’s corpse lay nearby.

Suddenly, she looked up toward a direction and frowned.

"Master, did you sense that?"

Then, an old man’s voice replied back to her.

"Yes."

An old man who looked like an immortal slowly emerged like a ghost as he frowned.

"Strange, that fluctuation should be an attack."

Wei Zhenxin looked at her master and tilted her head.

"What’s so strange about an attack?"

Immortal Jiuming stroked his long white beard and glanced at her.

"Because that attack is comparable to... one unleashed by the early stage of Golden Core."

Even though it was extremely far, his powerful spiritual sense could still judge that fluctuation and its level.

Wei Zhenxin blinked when she heard this.

"Eh? Didn’t Master say only those in the Qi Refinement enter this secret realm?"

Immortal Jiuming sighed.

"That’s why it’s strange..."

He raised a finger and tapped the air, performing a divination art.

"Hmm...?"

And all he got back was... nothing.

It was as if nothing existed regarding that power or that attack.

There were only a few possibilities for why he couldn’t divine it with the power he had currently recovered.

One was that it came from an inanimate object like a formation or a trap that had been triggered.

Those things were pretty hard to predict or see beforehand, though he could still divine them indirectly by reading the future of the person approaching them.

Second was someone or thing with an attribute of Law and above, like Divine Power or Daos.

Even at his peak, he could at most glimpse a bit of those being with manifestations of Law, but it was still never accurate, as those who could wield the Law were already an ever-changing beings.

And lastly... those abominations, the world’s cancer.

They were not the Dao’s creation and basically devoured spiritual energy and the Dao itself, which made his divination art useless in trying to find them or know anything about their movements.

"It should be some trap that has been triggered." Immortal Jiuming reached the most plausible conclusion, as the other possibilities seemed a bit far-fetched.

Wei Zhenxin, who heard this, gave a pitiful look as she prayed for whichever unlucky soul was unfortunate enough to trigger a Golden Core–level trap, since all the participants were practically at Qi Refinement.

But then she finally looked at her master.

"By the way, Master, could you divine and find the woman who bears the seed of calamity? This place is too huge, and at this rate, who knows how long it will take to find her—and by then... we might be too late."

Hearing this, Immortal Jiuming tugged lightly at his beard.

"It’s not that I don’t want to, but divining a person without a medium is beyond my abilities at the moment."

Wei Zhenxin sighed a bit when she heard this, but then Immortal Jiuming seemed to have an idea as he smiled.

"Ah... I must be going senile... I could just divine your future instead, to see when you will find her."

Wei Zhenxin’s eyes brightened at this, as the faster they could get rid of the seed of calamity, the sooner her unrested heart could be at ease.

Under her expectant gaze, Immortal Jiuming tapped his finger again.

"Oh?"

He smiled and looked at his disciple.

"....Don’t worry. An opportunity is coming soon. You will find her...there."

_

_

_

Meanwhile,

At the camp—which now looked devastated, the ground cracked and trees uprooted all around—

A powerful surge of spiritual energy slowly began to dissipate as the imposing single man stood tall in the middle of it all.

Li Feng sighed as he lowered his hand and looked at the clear sky, without a single cloud.

"Such a shame. He seemed like a pretty good candidate to turn into an apostle."

Be it his talent or bearing, Ye Mo truly made Li Feng look at him with a bit of respect.

Of course, no matter how great his foe was, if they remained his enemy, their end would always be the same...

Crushed under his fist.

He shook his head, then smiled.

"Well, it’s not like he’s the only one with talent in this world."

Li Feng didn’t believe all demonic cultivators were like Ye Mo, who would rather die than submit.

With this encounter, he realized he didn’t know much about the demonic sects, and couldn’t help but plan to target a few demonic cultivators to make them his apostles and spies.

But if everyone was like Ye Mo, then it would be difficult, since bestowing a star required the other party not to resist.

"Or maybe... it’s just the geniuses who carry such pride..."

He thought as he scraped his chin, thinking of a way to subdue those geniuses before they practically self-destruct like Ye Mo.

"...Next time I should break their limbs and toss them into the Divine Brick."

Once they were inside the Divine Brick, they were practically at his mercy, unable even to self-destruct or kill themselves in that space, where he was like a god.

Li Feng grinned as a procedure to convert demonic cultivator geniuses safely into his apostle was being formed in his mind.

But then hurried footsteps came from behind him, breaking him out of his thoughts.

"Senior Brother Li!"

Ning Jianli’s voice echoed as she rushed toward him.

The other female disciples closely followed behind her, all looking at the man who had just unleashed such a devastating attack.

They could still remember staring in awe at the beautiful display of power just moments ago—the silvery pillar of light piercing through the menacing asura in the sky.

Even now, their faces were filled with admiration for Li Feng.

Li Feng smiled and turned to look back.

"Ah, Junior Sister, everything is fi—"

But then he paused as he stared at Ning Jianli... who was still naked as she ran toward him.

Now that the battle was finally over, he could finally take a good look at this serious junior sister from the Heavenly Sword Sect.

He can see her large, firm, pale breasts that bounced enticingly with each step...

Her toned abdomen and thighs that looked firm yet soft beneath her skin—all showing how much she had trained her body.

Li Feng’s heart thumped.

With the adrenaline fading, his lust surged forward like a flood.

His little brother below suddenly hardened immediately, forming a huge tent under the ragged clothes he hastily took from the Divine Brick.

Li Feng was a bit shocked at the sudden reaction.

’Dammit, brother. I’ll let you fight soon—why are you so impatient!?’

Li Feng gritted his teeth internally.

He already planned to bring these pitiful junior sisters back to his cave tonight, one by one, to "console them" after their traumatic experience.

But everything had to go according to plan

Step by step.

Slow, steady and calculated.

Not... whatever this was, his "little brother" was standing at full attention in broad daylight, like a traitor announcing his intention to rebel.

He hurriedly turned his back to the female disciples.

"Y-yes, everything is fine now."

Ning Jianli, who was close, saw him suddenly turn his back and tilted her head, wondering what was wrong.

Then a thought hit her.

’Could it be he suffered an injury?’

Her mind replayed that powerful attack, and she couldn’t help but worry that Li Feng had exerted himself too much.

"What’s wrong, Senior Brother Li?"

She moved next to him and asked worriedly.

"Could you have sustained some injury—?"

"W-Wait!"

Li Feng tried to stop her, but it was too late.

Ning Jianli, now beside Li Feng, glanced down at the glaring tent at his crotch.

She blinked.

Li Feng gave an awkward smile.

"Ehem... I can explain—"

Suddenly, Ning Jianli looked furious as she shouted.

"How despicable! Even before death, those Fire Yang bastards actually dared to poison Senior Brother!"

"???"

The other female disciples rushed forward and also saw the huge tent.

And they immediately understood what Ning Jianli meant.

They all knew how underhanded those Fire Yang Sect disciples could be.

And their method of using aphrodisiac poison was one of their notorious tricks.

"Those bastards are truly underhanded!"

"Yes! They even went as low as using such a shameless method to make Senior Brother Li suffer like this!"

Li Feng blinked, surrounded by beautiful fairies all staring at his hardened little brother.

Suddenly, his little brother twitched, growing even harder, as it was excited at the attention of many beautiful fairies around him.

But seeing their worried eyes and concerned voices...

Li Feng sighed and opened his mouth to explain.

"Actually, this isn’t from po—"

Suddenly, one of the female disciples cut him off, her voice filled with concern.

"I think we should help him. I heard the effects of this kind of Fire Yang Sect poison will keep making Senior Brother suffer until... until his manhood explodes!"

The group gasped.

Even Li Feng looked shocked upon hearing there was actually such a vicious poison.

As for the females disciple, even though they were Heavenly Sword Sect disciples trained from youth, they understood how much pain damage to a man’s jewels would cause.

After all, they were specifically taught to strike that area when dealing with male demonic cultivators...

Ning Jianli looked at Li Feng worriedly and asked:

"Senior Brother, are you really feeling okay?"

She also noticed Li Feng had been trying to say something earlier.

"And what were you about to say?"

Li Feng looked calmly at the beautiful fairies surrounding him.

He took a deep breath.

And with the straightest face in the world, he said seriously:

"No. I am not fine. Right now, I am in unimaginable pain—to the point that I want to scream."