Chapter 228: Dual Cultivation and Carnal Indulgence (6)

Li Feng, feeling that wriggling flesh around his little brother turning even wetter, couldn’t help but smile knowingly.

’To think she reached climax while breaking through... tch tch, what a spoiled junior.’ He grinned lewdly while enjoying the feel of molding those soft breasts in his hands.

Even though he didn’t have any breakthrough himself, Li Feng could feel that he had already reached the peak of the early stage of the 9th Realm of Qi Refinement.

It had to be known that he had just broken through a while ago and this kind of speed was truly terrifying.

If his body weren’t special and required much more cultivation resources than normal, Jing Lu’s primordial yin would have pushed him to probably the late stage of the 9th realm of Qi Refinement.

Such speed was truly terrifying.

’As expected of an immortal-grade dual cultivation technique... not only is it powerful, but it feels good too...’

Li Feng sighed as he inhaled that intoxicating fragrance from Jing Lu.

Right now, he really wanted to let loose and indulge himself in carnal pleasure.

But he didn’t move his waist yet....letting Jing Lu finish her breakthrough first and allowing her body to calm down a bit.

After lying like that for a while, Jing Lu slowly stopped squirming as her eyes turned a bit dazed.

Feeling the weight above her, she just looked toward the side while breathing roughly—as if she had just done extremely intensive training.

"Haa... hehe... Senior Brother’s dual cultivation technique is truly... amazing..."

She smiled slightly, feeling her cultivation breakthrough.

Hearing her words, Li Feng grinned as he realized it was time.

He leaned up slightly and used both of his muscular legs to lock over the top of Jing Lu’s delicate legs.

Slowly, he spread his legs apart which in turn spread Jing Lu’s apart too.

Then he stopped molding her breasts and used each of his arms to lock Jing Lu’s arms beside her head.

Now Jing Lu looked as if she were an insect being pinned down by a needle.

"Senior Brother?" Jing Lu, who couldn’t move her body, could only tilt her head to the side and try to glance back.

But Li Feng didn’t reply as he got into position.

Squelch...

"Ahh~..."

Jing Lu gasped slightly in pleasure, feeling the thing inside her slowly stir.

Right now her body was still sensitive, and the slightest movement made her white, plump peaches quiver seductively.

Then she finally heard Li Feng’s voice....as if he were suppressing himself, it came out in a low growl.

"...Junior Jing, brace yourself."

Jing Lu blinked slightly, wondering what he meant.

But before she could ask, Li Feng began moving his waist above her while still locking her arms and legs down.

Plap...

Plap...

Plap...

A slow, rhythmic flesh-colliding sound between his groin and Jing Lu’s plump peaches echoed out.

"Ahh... Haaa... ahhh~"

Jing Lu gritted her teeth and clenched her fists as she felt that hot and hard thing leaving and going back and forth from her petals below.

It felt as if something was scratching and stretching her inside flesh, which she kept tightening back.

And each time his waist hit her peach, a strange numbing sensation ran through her body and mind.

She finally understood what Li Feng meant by bracing herself.

But then she smiled slightly while still being pounded, her head jerking up and down.

’Ahh~... Haaa... hehe... This much... I can handle.’

She thought it wasn’t that bad as Li Feng had made it out to be.

Plap...

Plap...

Plap...

Slowly, she even felt as if she was getting used to it too as her hands and fists relaxed and stopped clenching hard.

Now she just lay there in a relaxed manner while being pounded.

’Uhhh~... This feels... strangely... good~’

Jing Lu closed her eyes, slowly starting to enjoy that slow pleasure, and rested her cheek on the bed in a relaxed manner.

But then she remembered Ling Lin who had looked like she was drowning under Li Feng before and couldn’t help but turn her head to the other side to look at Ling Lin, who was now sitting up while spreading her legs.

She seemed to be checking her inside as she watched that thick liquid slowly flowing out.

Feeling like someone was watching her, Ling Lin turned her head to look at Jing Lu who was spreading her arms and legs wide while being locked beneath Li Feng as he kept moving his waist and pounding her.

Plap...

Plap...

Plap...

"Uh~... Sister Ling, you really... Haa~... need to train yourself more...this doesn’t need to make you scream~"

Jing Lu smiled and tried to talk to Ling Lin, her voice sounding nice along with her occasional moans and gasps but tinted like an elder sister reprimanding a junior sister for being so weak.

But because of the constant thrusting from Li Feng, her head kept jerking up and down.

Ling Lin, wondering what she meant, looked at Li Feng’s ’gentle’ pounding and realized what Jing Lu meant.

She couldn’t help but give a strange smile toward her.

"Sister Jing... I think you should think of yourself more."

Jing Lu who had her cheek pressing against the soft bed as her head jerked up and down blinked her misty eyes slightly.

Now it was her turn to wonder what Ling Lin’s words meant.

"Ahh~... What do you mean—"

Just then, her voice cut short as she heard Li Feng growl as if he was reaching his peak while thrusting a bit rougher, causing her plump peach to ripple enticingly.

Plap...

Plap...

Plap...

Spurt!

"Ugh..." Li Feng grunted as he released his seed deep inside the woman below him.

Feeling that hot liquid filling her inside for the first time, Jing Lu gasped for breath as her body finally stopped shaking.

’So that is Senior Brother’s seed...’

She murmured as she closed her eyes to feel that hot liquid slowly pooling inside her.

Suddenly, she felt a weight press down on her back as Li Feng lowered himself onto her.

He began grinding his hips slowly, deliberately, as if trying to make her tight flesh squeeze every bit of his seed out of his little brother.

"Umm~"

Instead of discomfort, Jing Lu couldn’t help but feel strangely good. The slow movement inside her most sensitive place brought an unexpected sense of security and warmth.

’...It feels good~’

She almost purred like a cat, enjoying the lazy grinding of his hips and the solid weight of his body resting against hers.

After a few minutes passed, Li Feng finally leaned back up.

Jing Lu opened her eyes and smiled, thinking it was over—

But then...

"Hm?"

Her arms were still pinned, and she could still feel his strong legs locking hers in place... especially the hot, hardened length inside her that seemed to be growing hotter and harder with every passing second.

Just as she was about to ask him what he was doing—

"Now that our warm-up is over..."

Li Feng grinned lewdly and leaned down to whisper in her ear.

"...how about we go for the real deal?"

Jing Lu blinked, glancing at him in confusion, wondering what he meant by warm-up.

...only to realize a moment later exactly what that meant.