Chapter 391: The Aloof and Indifferent Fairy (5)

Inside her sea of consciousness, the sight was even more astonishing.

The previously cracked and dim soul was now bathed in warm, radiant golden light.

Every surge of Li Feng’s Yang essence acted like the finest healing medicine, gently yet powerfully filling the fractures in her soul, smoothing the jagged edges and nourishing the damaged areas.

The pain and shackles that had haunted Lan Suyao for decades slowly dissolved, replaced by a profound sense of comfort and clarity she had almost forgotten.

Her soul visibly grew stronger, brighter, and more solid with every passing second.

"Nngh~ My soul..."

Lan Suyao whimpered brokenly, tears glistening in her eyes as her voice came out hoarse and shaky.

Soon, under the constant flooding of both her body and soul, Lan Suyao’s aura began to stabilize and grow stronger.

"Phew~"

After completing the first full cycle of dual cultivation, Li Feng let out a sigh of relief.

At the same time, he was astonished by the state of her soul sea.

It was so severely damaged that he wouldn’t have been surprised if she had broken down crying in pain.

Yet she had endured it all with incredible willpower.

’But it seems she can tolerate pain... but not pleasure, huh.’

Li Feng thought inwardly as he looked at her messy, tear-stained face.

He gently kissed the side of her neck, then licked a tear from her flushed cheek while still buried to the hilt inside her.

His thick length twitched with the last few heavy spurts of his seed.

Feeling that his first load was done, Li Feng finally loosened his tight embrace around her head and leaned back up.

"Haaa... Haa..."

Lan Suyao breathed roughly, as her massive breasts rising and falling with each deep gasp.

She lay there with her arms and legs spread wide, her usually elegant hair completely disheveled.

Her beautiful face and eye no longer held its usual coldness and aloofness.

Instead, she looked like an innocent woman experiencing true pleasure for the first time.

Li Feng chuckled at the sight.

It seemed Lan Suyao had never felt this kind of mortal pleasure before and couldn’t handle it well... much less the soul-level pleasure that even made him drool.

Her mind was probably struggling to process everything right now.

"But it seems one session isn’t enough," Li Feng murmured as he realized he had only healed about ten percent of the damage to her soul.

Suddenly, he clenched his fist and declared righteously.

"It looks like I’ll have to sacrifice myself to make sure my Senior heals perfectly!"

Then, with a lewd grin, he slowly pulled his little brother out of her.

Drip...

Drip...

Thick white seed immediately flowed out from her freshly deflowered slit.

Paying it no mind, he flipped Lan Suyao’s alluring body onto her stomach.

"...Li... Feng?"

Lan Suyao’s mind slowly returned as she murmured in confusion, feeling a hot, thick flesh pushing into her once again.

Li Feng grinned lewdly as he pinned her wrists down with his large palms, completely covering her smaller hands.

He pressed his muscular body against her back, his hot breath brushing her ear.

"Hehe, Senior... It seems one time wasn’t enough to fully heal your soul. Looks like I’ll have to sacrifice myself and give you a few more rounds."

Plap!

With one powerful thrust, he buried his still rock hard little brother back into her overflowing slit.

Squelch...!

A large amount of his thick white seed was immediately forced out around his shaft, dripping obscenely down her thighs.

Lan Suyao’s body jerked forward.

Her face was pressed sideways into the silk, eyes still hazy and teary.

"Haa?!"

A broken, surprised moan escaped her lips as her sensitive, freshly-filled insides were stretched open again so soon.

"W-Wait... Li Feng... I just... Haa... my soul is still..."

But her protest was weak.

Her voice had lost all its usual cold authority and now sounded soft, hoarse, and helplessly feminine.

Li Feng didn’t give her any time to recover.

He started moving immediately with a long, deep, and heavy strokes that made her entire body rock forward on the bed.

Plap...!

Plap...!

Plap...!

The new position allowed him to reach even deeper as every thrust made his heavy balls slap against her supple peach while the head of his little brother kissed her cervix directly.

The obscene bulge on her stomach was now clearly visible from the side even as her body was pressed into the sheet.

"Ahh...! Too... deep... again...! My womb... is still full... Nghhh~"

Lan Suyao’s fingers curled tightly beneath his palms.

Her long legs trembled helplessly on either side of his thighs.

The mixture of his seed and her nectar squelched loudly with every thrust, leaking continuously onto the sheets and down her thighs.

Li Feng leaned down, pressing his chest firmly against her smooth back.

One hand released her wrist and slid under her body to greedily grab one of her massive hanging breasts, squeezing the soft flesh roughly while he continued pounding her from behind.

"Haa... Haa... Your soul is only 10% healed," he growled against her ear, his voice thick with lust.

"We need to circulate much more Yang essence. That means I have to fill this greedy womb many... many more times tonight."

Plap!

He slammed in especially hard, then ground his hips in slow, deep circles, rubbing firmly against the entrance of her womb as he savored her amazing wet tightness.

Lan Suyao could only respond with broken, muffled moans into the pillow.

Her usual cold pride had completely melted away.

All that remained was a flushed, drooling, teary-eyed beauty helplessly shaking under his relentless thrusts.

Li Feng smiled with satisfaction and whispered hotly against her ear.

"And don’t worry... I won’t stop until your soul is perfectly healed... even if it takes all night. So just leave everything to me and... relax."

With that words,

Soon, the small room was filled with nothing but Lan Suyao’s weak whimpers, Li Feng’s low groans, and the constant wet sounds of their colliding flesh.