Chapter 136: Star Apostle "Performance"

Madam Yan, upon hearing the condition from Li Feng, froze slightly.

And a hint of hesitation flashed in her eyes.

It wasn’t about sucking and serving Li Feng... but at the proposal of essentially becoming his slave.

Even though she was essentially like a slave right now too, at least it was based on mutual benefit, and she could regain her freedom if she decided to go back on her word.

...But she felt that if she agreed with his condition now, it would become a permanent master-and-slave relationship.

Just as she was slowly leaning her head back, the events of yesterday flashed through her mind.

Her helplessness.

Her feeling of insignificance.

And those vast, starry skies...

Then her eyes flashed with determination.

’Hmph... so what if I become a slave...? I’m already his anyway. And this might be the last opportunity I ever get...’

Madam Yan knew that anything capable of turning someone untalented into someone gifted was extremely heaven-defying.

She had tried to find a way herself too, but reality forced her to give up and accept an ordinary mortal life.

’No... I need to seize this chance... I don’t want to be left behind and turn into dust in a hundred years.’

With that thought and eyes filled with resolve, she resumed moving her mouth and tongue, this time even more devoted.

Slurp...

"Ohh~"

Li Feng, who felt her determination through his little brother, smiled.

"Good choice. You haven’t chosen wrong..."

Then he placed his hand on her head and whispered, "Don’t resist whatever you feel next."

[Ding!]

[Detected Target: Yan Shuqin is qualified for one star!]

[It costs 100 Favor Point to bestow her a star!]

[Confirm?]

’Do it.’

Li Feng replied in his mind while still enjoying the wet tongue caressing his little brother with his eyes closed.

[Ding!]

[-100 Favor Points!]

Madam Yan, who was sucking devotedly, suddenly felt a pure energy slowly enter her body as it head directly even deeper.

’...?’

Just as she instinctively felt like she wanted to reject that energy, she remembered Li Feng’s words from before to not resist.

’...I should trust him.’

So she ignored the strange energy, resumed her mouth movements, and focused all her attention on her task, on making Li Feng feel good.

Slurp...

Glup...

Glup...

Li Feng just smiled at this smart woman.

Then he leaned down slightly and gently stroked her silky hair while whispering softly,

"Don’t worry. You can live normally, just like you used to... and you can do whatever you want or continue as you are, even joining the sect.... I don’t care."

The hand that had been gently caressing the obedient head suddenly grabbed a handful of her hair, pulling her head up and tilting it back until their eyes met.

Li Feng saw her beautiful face stained with saliva and smiled as he continued,

"The only thing I want from you..." he said slowly, ".....is to serve me when I need you, obey me and never betray or reveal anything about me, even on how you can cultivate."

Then he slowly put his thumb into her small mouth, and grinned,

"And lastly....your body will only be mine to use as I don’t like sharing something that is mine."

Even though he could now choose to overwrite her emotions and even force her into becoming nothing more than an empty doll waiting to serve him...

But he despised such methods.

They were boring and completely went against his principles of enjoying all kind of rare beauty.

He believed a woman should have these three things: personality, appearance... and ambition.

Be it good, evil, arrogant, or kind as long as they suited his taste, Li Feng wanted them all.

So that was why....unless absolutely necessary, he didn’t want to alter the personality of any of his Apostles or force them to change the way they lived.

But if they wished to change on their own, he would never stop them.

.... Of course, so long as those changes or their way of live didn’t go against his interests.

Meanwhile,

Madam Yan who hearing this unexpected freedom, was slightly surprised.

Just as she was about to say something, a sudden burst of spiritual energy erupted from her body.

HUMM...

As her aura shifted, and rising rapidly.

Her cultivation climbed straight to the 1st Realm of Qi Refinement—then continued rising.

2nd Realm.

3rd Realm.

And finally, it stabilized at the 4th Realm of Qi Refinement.

Li Feng blinked his eye slightly at this.

He hadn’t expected a single star to bring such a ridiculous improvement.

.....He couldn’t help but wonder why his own 52 Stars didn’t behave this dramatically.

So he asked the system,

’System, why did her cultivation explode like that...?’

[Ding!]

[To answer the host’s question, Star Apostle Yan Shuqin is actually quite talented!]

[However, lacking a spiritual root, she had no way to channel spiritual energy from heaven and earth so she could never cultivate.]

[Additionally, even a single star is extremely powerful and potent for anyone other than the host!]

Li Feng couldn’t help but give a strange look when he heard that.

’Eh? What do you mean?’

[Ding!]

[The host’s body is a Divine Physique designed to contain the stars. Because of this, it requires immense refinement and strengthening instead of focusing on rapid realm breakthroughs!]

[But for others, such refinement isn’t necessary so the Stars energy will focus entirely on helping them cultivate and break through!]

[However, the host does not need to worry. Your body will become far stronger than others at your level, and you will still enjoy the passive cultivation brought by the stars resonance energy!]

Li Feng finally understood and nodded slowly.

Then another thought passed through his mind.

’So there must be many hidden geniuses among mortals.....people who simply can’t cultivate because they lack spiritual roots.’

Then he saw something seemingly carve itself onto Yan Shuqin’s wrist as it glowed.

After the glow faded, a small, faint mark in the shape of a single star appeared, like a tattoo, before slowly blending into her skin.

Madam Yan, staring at her wrist and feeling the spiritual energy flowing through her body, froze.

"...Ah... so this is the spiritual energy" she murmured with teary-eyed as she overwhelmed by the wonderful sensation.

Especially at that ball of light, which seemed to touch the deepest part of her soul while continuously emitting pure energy.

’...Is this what Li Feng gave me?’

She murmured dazedly, but her expression suddenly darkened as she felt her body slowly changing, while a black substance beginning to ooze from within.

Li Feng who saw this, just watch with intrigue as he realized what that black substance was.

It is the impurity being cleansed from her body.....a clear sign that she was no longer merely mortal.

Soon her whole body was completely cover by those black substance.

Li Feng after waiting for a while just casually waved his hand and cast the cleansing spell.

Then,

Madam Yan entire body glowed softly and when the light faded, her form had... transformed.

Li Feng’s eyes brightened as he looked at the newly purified body of his Apostle who seem to become even more beautiful.

Her snow white skin was now even more flawless, with no hint of aging.

And her black hair shimmered with vitality, growing glossier and silkier.

While her already shapely, mature figure seemed to become even more perfect, as if the Dao itself had refined her into a worthy vessel.

Even her face seem to grow a few year younger.

If before she had looked like a mature lady, now she carried the aura of a refined, older sister.

And looking at this beautiful, graceful woman, Li Feng couldn’t help but compare her to the elegant female elders he had seen in the sect.

Then a naughty idea crept into his mind.

’...Hehe, maybe I can ask her to pretend to be an elder... in bed.’

Just imagining himself ravaging those high-and-mighty elders made his little brother slowly stiffen even more.

He grinned and congratulated her,

"Congratulations on becoming a cultivator and being reborn, Madam Yan ... or should I call you Fairy Yan now?"

Hearing his teasing tone, Madam Yan finally snapped out of her daze and smiled beautifully at the man who was now her master.

"Ah... you can call me whatever you want... Master."

Even though Li Feng had told her to live as she wished and be free, she knew that.... in the end, he was still the man who controlled her life and her death.

She could feel it, the connection between them and that small light within her which seemed like a blessing... yet could easily turn into a curse in the next moment if Li Feng willed it.

But instead of fear or despair, her heart raced and her smile widened.

Because she know that as long as she didn’t do anything foolish or betray him, this would always remain a blessing.

Yan Shuqin slowly caressed her naked body, as if inspecting her newly reborn form.

Her hands slowly glided from her thighs to her abdomen, then lifted her heavy, white breasts, which seemed even softer and fuller than before.

She couldn’t help but notice the lewd gaze of her master, who seem to be drinking in every curve of her body.

Of course, she didn’t mind.....in fact, she hoped he would look even more.

’Ah~this feeling....is truly amazing’

The sensation of that light....that miraculous, wondrous energy that continuously purified and cultivated her body was extremely addictive.

And if her master could give her one... that meant it might be possible to receive two, or even more.

The thought of receiving additional blessings made her heart pound with excitement.

Of course, Li Feng knew exactly what this greedy woman was thinking through their connection, and he shook his head.

"I know what you’re thinking. I could indeed give you more stars, but your body is only strong enough for one right now... and that was the freebie. As for the rest in the future? You’ll have to earn them."

Hearing this, Madam Yan didn’t feel dejected.

Instead, she smiled obediently and crawled forward, pressing her head against his leg like a submissive cat, then slowly lifted herself toward his groin once more.

Sensing the familiar heat of his hardness, she extended her red tongue and licked it with devoted reverence, as if to declare her submission.

And finishing it with a kiss.

Smooch~

"Of course, I will make sure not to disappoint you, Master..." she said, pressing her cheek against his hard length, her obedient smile never faltering.

Then she opened her mouth wide and swallowed it again, knowing Li Feng was eager to indulge in her newly purified body.

Slurp...

"Oh~"

Li Feng sighed in pleasure as he felt a deep satisfaction at having such an understanding and clever woman.

He then relaxed his arms on the armrests, leaned back, and spread his legs wide, enjoying the devoted service like a king from his newly acquired Apostle.

Glup...

Glup...

Glup...