Chapter 87: In the forest

"Junior Brother Li!"

Fen Ziyan looked worried upon seeing Li Feng’s condition—it seemed as though he had just gone through a fierce battle.

"Cough Senior Sister? What are you doing here...?"

Li Feng struggled to walk toward her, but suddenly, he stumbled and fell.

Whoosh!

Fen Ziyan reacted quickly, catching him in her arms.

"What’s going on? I felt a huge burst of spiritual energy, and then the ground started trembling. I thought something might’ve happened to you, so I rushed over..."

Fen Ziyan held his head gently against her chest and looked around, but sensed no other presence besides Li Feng.

Li Feng, who was currently inhaling her soft fragrance while being sandwiched between her breasts, smiled faintly.

’So Senior Sister actually worried about me... I guess my efforts weren’t in vain after all.’

Now that the thrill of battle had faded, a different kind of heat began to rise within him.

His lust start to stirred quietly, like embers catching wind.

Slowly, he crept his fingers upward and wrapped his arms around her back.

"...It’s complicated, but Senior Sister, I need your help....My qi became chaotic after I used a secret technique to fight off that group."

Hearing this, Fen Ziyan’s eyes widened in alarm.

Worry filled her gaze the moment she heard the words secret technique.

"Who did you fight? Was it bandits?" she asked, her tone turning sharp as anger began to surge within her.

The thought of Li Feng being ambushed and bullied made her blood boil.

If those bandits had known what she was thinking, they would’ve screamed out in injustice.

Li Feng lifted his head and, without another word, pressed his lips against her soft, enticing red lip.

"Mmnnh!"

Fen Ziyan gasped softly, startled by the sudden kiss, but she didn’t resist. His earlier words about his chaotic qi echoed in her mind.

’Junior Brother must be in pain... I should focus on helping him calm his qi first...’

Her heart steadied with determination, relieved and even glad that, for once, she could be the one to help Li Feng instead of always being the one receiving his aid.

She cooperatively parted her lips, allowing Li Feng’s tongue easier access. Almost immediately, his kiss deepened—hard and consuming, as if he were trying to devour her whole mouth.

"Mhnn... mhmm~"

Li Feng’s desire surged rapidly.

His hand slowly slid down to her soft, plump peach, molding it in his palm as the supple flesh spilled between his fingers.

Soon, both of them were lost in the kiss, the wet sounds of their lips intertwining echoing faintly through the quiet, dark forest.

"Puhaa..."

Li Feng finally pulled away, gazing at the dazed Fen Ziyan, whose crimson eyes had grown misty and unfocused.

"...Senior Sister, you’re so beautiful," he said with a lewd grin.

Hearing the sudden praise, Fen Ziyan’s cheeks flushed slightly as her heart began to throb faster.

"...I’ve always been beautiful. Nevermind that, Hurry up! We have to calm your qi!" she said, blushing deeper as she avoided Li Feng’s gaze.

Seeing his flustered senior sister, Li Feng couldn’t help but grin. Without warning, he gently pushed her back against a nearby tree.

Thud.

Fen Ziyan let out a soft gasp as her back was pressed against the tree. Then she felt Li Feng’s hand slide down and lift her left thigh.

"..! T-This—" she stammered, feeling her face grow hot with embarrassment, as the posture was far too indecent for a princess.

Now, her body was pinned between Li Feng and the tree, one leg raised in his firm grasp while the other remained on the ground, leaving her slightly off balance and completely at Li Feng mercy.

"Do you hate it, Senior Sister?" Li Feng asked, his tone pitiful and his eyes soft, as if he had been wronged.

Seeing his expression, Fen Ziyan’s heart wavered.

"...I-I’m just surprised, that’s all. Hmph, this much is nothing for me," she said, lifting her chin in an attempt to regain her usual pride.

Li Feng’s smile deepened, his eyes glinting with mischief. "Then please... lend me a bit of your assistance, Senior Sister."

His breath brushed her ear as he spoke, and then slowly he pulled out his already hardened little brother, as if it had been waiting for this forever.

Fen Ziyan noticed the faint heat radiating from his little brother below and gulped nervously.

No matter how many times she did it with him, the first insertion always made her feel nervous.

Squelch...

"...Ah...!" Fen Ziyan let out a hot gasp, feeling that hot rod slowly spreading inside her inch by inch again.

She hugged Li Feng’s neck as her insides flesh tightened, as if trying to push out the invader...but alas, the foe was too powerful, and the tightness only made the invader more excited.

Plap.

Then, with a wet, flesh-colliding sound, Li Feng’s long, hot little brother completely disappeared into her wet cave.

"..Haahh," Fen Ziyan’s eyes opened wide as she felt the full shape of his little brother stretching her precious area inside.

"Ohh~" Meanwhile, Li Feng let out a sigh of pleasure, feeling the tight wetness surrounding his excited little brother.

Today felt so great for him.

He had tested his strength and now get to use his amazing, beautiful and voluptuous personal seed dumpster.

’Ahh~ this is life.’

Li Feng grinned, then slowly started moving his hips and thrusting upward.

Plap

Plap

Plap

Soon, he gradually increased his speed, trying to get more pleasure.

"..Ah~...Haa...Haa!"

Meanwhile, Fen Ziyan could only moan softly, holding onto Li Feng’s neck while feeling that mind-numbing pleasure each time his little brother slammed into her womb.

’...It’s hot!..’

She couldn’t help but feel the heat that seemed to keep rising from inside her, so hot that even her wetness seemed to warm up along with it.

Fen Ziyan let out another hot breath, feeling her mind start to drown in this strange sensation. Then she felt the familiar throbbing from inside her... which meant that Li Feng was about to release his hot essence soon.

Plap

Plap

Plap

Spurt!

"Uhh... Senior Sister..."

Soon enough, Li Feng’s speed began to pick up, his thighs repeatedly slapping against her, and with a spurt that she could even feel it tremor from insider her body.

A hot essence began to invade her precious, untouchable chamber, a place that hadn’t been affected by heat before, but now even that tiny space was gradually being filled with warmth.

"..Ahhh..." Fen Ziyan tilted her head back, her eyes glazed with intoxication as she felt the slow filling inside her.

After a while, Li Feng gave a few more hard thrusts and then slowly pulled back.

Squelch.

Drip.

Drip.

A trail of translucent liquid followed his little brother as it dripped onto the ground.

"Haa... haa..." Fen Ziyan’s chest heaved up and down as she breathed, her heart thudding again as she met Li Feng’s hungry gaze.

Instead of fear, .... excitement and joy began to fill her, making her feel almost drunk with sensation.

Slowly, she shifted her position, placing her hands on the tree and arching her back toward Li Feng.

"...Here~" Fen Ziyan let out a seductive smile, swaying her plump peach toward him.

Seeing this, Li Feng’s breathing grew rough as he immediately positioned himself behind her again.

Fen Ziyan smiled, lost in a haze of joy and pleasure as she felt his hard length slowly pressing into her entrance once more.

Slap!

"..Ahh..?" she let out a surprised hiccup as she felt a heated palm strike her bare peach.

Li Feng grinned lewdly, watching the ripples on her perfect, plump peach return to their firm, soft shape.

Then he leaned forward until his waist pressed against her peach, while his little brother once again completely disappeared inside her.

Rustle.

Li Feng pulled down her upper robe, letting her large, perfect white breast spill out.

"Ahh~" Fen Ziyan moaned, lightly biting her lip as she felt his rough fingers teasing her sensitive pink bead.

"You’re becoming quite wet, Senior Sister... Are you actually enjoying this...?"

Li Feng whispered, lightly nibbling her earlobe while grinding his waist slowly and circling her pink bead with his fingers.

"...Haa... haaa." Fen Ziyan didn’t reply, her eyes closed as waves of overwhelming pleasure coursed through her.

Li Feng, however, could see her ears turning red and smiled.

Then his hand clamped roughly onto her ample breast, until the soft flesh spilling over his fingers.

Plap.

Plap.

Plap.

His waist movements resumed, and Fen Ziyan’s soft, melodic moans once again echoed through the quiet, dark forest.

Fen Ziyan, shaking under Li Feng’s control with dazed eyes, couldn’t help but think,

’...What did I originally come here for?’

At first, she had been worried about Li Feng and prepared to assist him in facing any enemy. But before she knew it, she was already bending forward, legs spread wide, while Li Feng moved busily above her.

Squech..plap...plap...

Hearing the wet, colliding sounds of flesh behind her and Li Feng’s rough groan beside her ear, Fen Ziyan felt a strange intoxication from the warmth and pleasure.

’...Whatever, this isn’t actually so bad.’

She stopped overthinking and simply let herself ride the sensations Li Feng brought her, allowing him to play with her body however he pleased.

And the sensual sounds of their bodies moving together echoed for a long while through the quiet, dark forest.

-

-

By the time they returned to the caravan, the night had already deepened.

"Oh! Fairy Fen and Young Master Li have returned!"

A guard on night duty shouted in surprise, then smiled, relieved that nothing was wrong upon seeing Li Feng walking behind the proud Fen Ziyan.

And he couldn’t but noticed that Li Feng face seem quite refresh for some reason.