Chapter 183: Tragic (2)

Their presence was suffocating, as the air around them seem to swirl with a sinister aura.

Their eyes glimmered with cruel amusement, sharp and predatory, and their smiles... were filled with malice, like wolves savoring the sight of trembling prey.

One of them, who seemed a bit thin, smiled and licked his lips.

"Hey, did you hear that? This one is still a virgin."

The second guy, with a noticeably large nose, smiled.

"Hehe, I know. It seems that I will be getting a breakthrough today."

"Hmmm? What do you mean you’ll be getting a breakthrough today?", the thin guy looked at his fellow disciple coldly after hearing his words.

"Of course. Since I will be the one to take her virgin yin!" The big nose disciple sneer and grin.

Suddenly, both of them looked at each other, as tension lingering in the air.

After all, each of them wanted to claim the righteous, helpless fairy in front of them.

Not only would it satisfy them, it would also greatly improve their cultivation.

Soon, they began to bicker.

Ling Lin, hearing their discussion as if they were talking about food, felt her stomach drop as fear and disgust rose within her.

She hurriedly looked around, but whether intentionally or not, these two demonic disciples had surrounded her while they bickered, as if they wouldn’t allow her a chance to escape.

’...Should I fight?’ Ling Lin thought, while gritting her teeth.

Even though she knew she wouldn’t win against these two, who clearly had a higher realm than her, she didn’t want to just lie down like a frightened chick.

’...I guess Master is kinda right. Being weak in this world is just waiting for death.’

And then,

For the first time in her life, her eyes flashed with the determination of a righteous disciple who would rather die than submit.

Just as she was about to make her last stand—

Ling Lin froze at their next words.

"How about we share? I’ll take her and make her my cauldron while I let you harvest her virgin yin," the thin man suggested.

"Hmmm... I guess that can do..." the man with the large nose thought for a moment and agreed, knowing that wasting time here would be detrimental.

If they delayed any further and got discovered by their senior brother, they might not even get a taste of this prey.

Just yesterday,

Their senior brother had suddenly appeared and began gathering them into a group to hunt.

Even though it was effective as they managed to find righteous disciples and subdue them easily with their numbers.

of course, they killed the males while keeping the females.

But the problem was, they couldn’t enjoy the captured female disciples first as they have to let their senior brother ate first before they got any chance of getting the left over.

With that decided, both of them looked down at the young, beautiful woman and smiled sinisterly.

Ling Lin’s determination from just a moment ago vanished like smoke after feeling their pure malevolence.

Suddenly , her body went weak.

Not from her fear but something else.

"...Eh?"

Ling Lin blinked dumbfounded, after feeling her weakness as if her strength had left her.

Then, as an apprentice alchemist herself, she finally recognized what was happening.

"...Poison?" she murmured weakly, glancing at her wound.

The thin man noticed her weakness and smiled lewdly.

"Hehe, of course. We laced it with Bone-Numbing Powder. After all, we know that you pretentious righteous disciples care a bit too much about your reputation."

Then the second guy shook his head.

"Tch, tch... if we didn’t do this, you might choose to commit suicide or something. Heck, you fairies should value life a bit more, you know?"

These two guys had already learned firsthand how much righteous fairies cared about their face.

It seems they would rather die than be degraded or shamed.

If it weren’t for their senior brother’s quick action, those captured female disciples might already have been dead by their own hands by now.

And not waiting like an lambs to be devour by them tonight.

They still broke into a cold sweat remembering how these fairies were so strangely obsessed with maintaining their reputation, seemingly not caring at all about dying.

So of course, by now they knew these habits well and had learned the methods to capture female disciples successfully.

Ling Lin, hearing their words, began to sob.

Her determination from before was nowhere to be found as she broke down completely.

"Hick... Hick... Master... I hate you..."

She still remembered the person who forced her to come here.

After all, she had been enjoying a fairly luxurious life as an apprentice alchemist under the elder and wasn’t used to hardship like this.

"Hehe, this one actually cried? Finally, we found a normal one."

The thin disciple laughed as his desire slowly rose.

"Stop wasting time. Come, I want to know the taste of a righteous fairy. I’m already sick of those Yin Devil sluts."

Soon, both of them slowly approached Ling Lin.

Seeing this, Ling Lin struggled as her body helplessly tried to stand up, but her arms turned weak and she fell back down.

This kept repeating over and over again until her face and robe got dirty.

"..D-Don’t come near me!! M-My master will not forgive you..!"

She shouted while looking teary.

If someone who knew Ling Lin saw the scene of the prideful and arrogant Ling Lin sobbing like a frightened little child like this, they would be shocked.

And yet, for the two Fire Yang Sect disciples, seeing the struggling Ling Lin who kept failing to get up only made them even more excited.

Looking at her beautiful, tearful face and her helpless body struggling seductively, both men grew more eager.

Then—

The thin man moved extremely fast as he got behind her.

With one hand, he grabbed her soft, delicate arm and pushed her down onto her back.

"A-Ah!"

Ling Lin, now on her back, looked terrified as her arm was locked overhead by the thin man’s arm, who smiled lewdly above her.

Just as she tried to move her soft and weak legs, a pair of rough hands grabbed her knees and spread her legs apart.

"Hehe, don’t struggle. You will experience what heaven feels like soon."

The big-nosed man looked at the helpless fairy with eyes filled with desire as he slowly knelt between that pair of delicate legs.

He lifted one of the legs near him as he licked her flawless skin.

"..!"

Ling Lin seemed to get a chilling feeling from that tongue on her leg.

Before she could shout, a hand from above came toward her chest and ripped her robe apart.

Rip!

"Wow, we found a real deal."

The thin man smiled lewdly after seeing her large, pale breasts along with her enticing small pink buds.

But then the big-nosed man, who was licking her leg, noticed something as he glanced at Ling Lin’s neck.

It seemed to be a beautiful blue jade that had been meticulously crafted into a necklace.

"Hmmm? What is that?"

He murmured as he stopped his tongue and reached his hand toward the necklace on Ling Lin.

Ling Lin, who was still crying, saw this and shook her head frantically.

"D-Don’t! That’s my master’s gift..!"

The big-nosed man ripped the necklace off, looked at it in his hand, then looked back at Ling Lin with a cruel smile.

"I see, so this is something important to you, right?"

Then he leaned down and inhaled her fragrance.

"...How about you obediently spread your legs? Then I will give it back to you."

Ling Lin, who was sobbing, froze.

As much as she hated her master who forced her into this secret realm but to her, ....she was like a mother and that was the first gift her master had ever given her.

As if she lost all hope, she stopped resisting and lowered her head while tears ran down her cheeks.

Seeing this, the big-nosed man nodded in satisfaction at finally managing to subdue his first-ever righteous disciple.

He threw the blue jade necklace away as he lowered his robe, revealing his already hardened member.

Seeing this, Ling Lin sobbed even harder.

"...Hick... hick..."

She thought her first man would be someone handsome, strong, and most importantly....someone who could make her feel secure.

Not this evil disciple, which also an ugly one at that.

Soon,

Under the thin man’s sinister laughter and the rough breathing of the big-nosed man who was about to enter her, Ling Lin’s teary eyes looked up at the sky as if hope was lost.

But then—

Her blue eyes widened as she stared in shock.

The big-nosed man, about to enter that fairy cave with his hardened little brother, frowned as a sudden shadow fell over him.

He thought it was just a cloud or something, but after noticing that the thin man had also gone quiet, he murmured while resuming his aim.

"What’s wrong? Why are you so quiet all of a sudden?"

He asked, but no answer came.

He looked up curiously and saw the thin man staring upward with a shocked expression.

Seeing Ling Lin also looking up with a similar expression, he followed their gaze and glance backward—

And froze.

After all, a tall and intimidating man with an imposing figure had suddenly and silently appeared behind him.

...While looking down at him with cold eyes.