Chapter 396: Cuddle (2)

Li Feng cut her off with a firmer spank, making her gasp.

"I said rest." His tone was calm but left no room for argument.

"You’ve been pushing your body and soul hard tonight. Even with your cultivation, overdoing Soul Purification while I keep flooding you with essence isn’t wise. I don’t want my favorite Senior breaking too soon."

Lan Suyao’s cheeks flushed slightly.

But she knew he was right as too much of a good thing could quickly turn harmful.

With a soft sigh, she obediently rested her head on his chest, pressing her naked, voluptuous body against him.

Seeing such a fierce and proud woman now listening to him so submissively, Li Feng smirked and kissed the top of her head.

"Good girl."

"..."

Li Feng grinned at her lack of resistance.

He couldn’t help but feel incredibly lucky to have claimed this woman.

She was not only fierce, resolute, and extremely beautiful, but also determined and talented.

He had grown genuinely fond of her personality, her looks, and her body... and for some reason, he still wanted more of her.

For a while, they simply stayed like that... naked and pressed together while quietly listening to each other’s heartbeats.

Li Feng’s hands roamed lazily over her back and plump rear, occasionally tracing the curve of her narrow waist and slipping to the sides of her large breasts, which were squeezed tightly against his chest.

Lan Suyao allowed his hands to wander freely as she remained lost in her own thoughts.

After a while, Li Feng broke the comfortable silence.

"Senior Lan... so what are we now?"

Lan Suyao frowned slightly.

She wasn’t naive as she knew exactly what he was asking.

She leaned up a little, causing her massive breasts to hang seductively in front of his face.

"Then what do you suggest we are?" she asked calmly, turning the question back to him.

Li Feng’s lips curved into a lazy, possessive smirk as he gazed up at her.

He let the silence stretch for a moment, savoring the sight of her long black hair framing her beautiful face and the way her heavy breasts swayed gently with each breath.

"What I suggest?" he repeated, his voice low and husky. "You already know the answer, Senior Lan. I want everything from you and... there’s still one last thing you haven’t given me."

Seeing the intense possessive desire burning in his eyes, Lan Suyao hesitated.

She knew exactly what he wanted.

’What a greedy man...’

...But she couldn’t give what she didn’t have.

After a long moment of silence, her usual cold aloofness returned like a protective veil.

"...My heart?" she whispered.

There was a trace of bitterness beneath her calm tone.

"There is no such thing, Li Feng. On the path of cultivation... especially at my level.... emotions are nothing but shackles. Attachment leads to weakness and heartbreak breeds inner demons."

She leaned down slightly, her soft breasts brushing teasingly against his skin, yet her eyes remained distant.

"I can give you my mortal body. I can serve you every night and I can even call myself your woman in front of the world if you wish. But my heart... I don’t know if I still have one to give. Or if what remains is even worth having."

Li Feng stared at her for a few seconds, then suddenly laughed.

"Haha! That sounds like a challenge."

In one smooth motion, he flipped them over, pinning her beneath him.

His thick little brother pressed heavily between her thighs, the swollen head nudging against her still-slick entrance as he loomed over her.

Li Feng looked down at the aloof, naked beauty beneath him and grinned.

"Don’t worry about that. There’s actually a way to find out if you still have one."

"Oh? What is that?" Lan Suyao asked, raising an eyebrow.

Li Feng leaned down until his lips brushed her ear and whispered,

"You just have to give birth to a lot of my babies."

Lan Suyao blinked at the ridiculous answer, but then-

Squelch...

Her long, seductive slanted eyes trembled slightly as she felt his hot, thick length slowly pushing into her once again.

With a soft sigh, she wrapped her arms around his neck.

"Then... you’d better start working hard to impregnate me."

Li Feng’s grin widened into a satisfied, possessive smile.

The proud, icy Lan Suyao... the woman who once looked down on him was now lying naked beneath him with her legs spread, telling him to impregnate her.

"As you wish... Senior Lan."

With those words, the room was once again filled with the tempest of fleshly indulgence that continued until the sun rose.

_

_

_

The next morning.

Captain Shan stood once again in front of the City Lord’s guest room.

He hesitated for a moment before raising his hand and knocking.

"City Lord, are you in there?"

But before he could knock a second time, the door swung open.

And Li Feng greeted him with a bright, refreshed smile.

"Ah, good morning, Captain Shan! Come in."

Li Feng stepped aside and invited him inside with a casual wave.

Captain Shan entered cautiously, his eyes darting between the two figure in the room.

Li Feng looked full of vigor, his handsome face practically glowing with satisfaction.

Meanwhile, Lan Suyao sat gracefully behind her desk, the very picture of a dignified City Lord.

Her long black hair was neatly arranged, her expression cold and aloof as always.

She wore her usual elegant white and blue robes, perfectly immaculate.

At first glance, no one would ever suspect that just hours ago she had been naked, moaning shamelessly, and crawling on the floor beneath a man.

"Good morning, Captain Shan," Lan Suyao greeted calmly, her voice steady and authoritative. "What brings you here so early?"

Captain Shan cupped his fists and bowed respectfully.

However, he couldn’t help stealing another glance at Li Feng, who had casually walked behind Lan Suyao’s chair and placed a hand on her shoulder in what appeared to be an innocent gesture.

But before Captain Shan could reply, Lan Suyao spoke again.

"It’s good that you’re here. Go and prepare the flying ship. We will depart for the Fen Dynasty in two days."