Chapter 289: Continents.

A faint silence fell over the tunnel.

After sensing the silence and not getting the expected surprised reaction, the old man blinked and looked at the group of youngsters.

"Hm? Why are you not surprised?"

Li Feng also blinked.

"This... what are we supposed to be surprised about?"

At his words, the old man looked shocked.

"What!? You don’t know how honorable it is to be appointed by Lord Azure Heaven himself?!"

Everyone looked at each other. Li Feng gave a small cough before replying,

"...We actually have no idea who that person is."

"What!?"

The old man’s soul form flickered as if he had just heard the most absurd thing.

"That’s impossible! H-He... our world’s greatest protector! Then do you know about the Divine Palace? Or the Heavenly Gate Sect? A-And my True Path Sect?"

Li Feng shook his head and simply replied,

"Nope."

The old man looked expectantly at the other women, but seeing them shake their heads as well, his figure flickered like a candle about to be blown out as he fell to his knees on Li Feng’s palm.

"...That’s impossible. Then what were we sacrificing and fighting for, if we aren’t even remembered?"

He looked like someone who had lost everything.

Seeing this, Liu Yanyue sighed softly.

"Senior, we might not know about it, but... the Central Continent might have information about your heroic deeds."

"...Hmm? What do you mean?"

Liu Yanyue explained gently, "You might not know this, Senior, but this ruin currently exists inside a secret realm. Since you understand what a secret realm is, I won’t explain further. So I was thinking... the battlefield where you fought and the place where your sect once stood might actually be located on another continent."

Seeing the old man fall silent and listen carefully, she continued,

"Ours is called the Desolate Eastern Continent, located at the very edge of the world. There are five continents in total, and ours is considered the weakest because of how remote it is. The distance between each land is unimaginably vast and filled with countless dangers. So... I believe the place where your sect once stood, and the records of your deeds, might exist on another continent rather than ours."

The others looked normal as they listened, but Li Feng and the old man blinked at the same time upon hearing this.

For Li Feng, this was the first time he had heard that there were so many continents.

He had already thought the territory of the Five Righteous Sects was enormous, since he hadn’t even finished traversing the lands surrounding the Azure Moon Sect yet.

But now... it seemed the world was far bigger than he had imagined.

As for the old man, his thoughts were much simpler as he inwardly wondered,

’Since when did our great world have five continents...?’

But he simply closed his eyes and sighed.

"Well, there’s no point mulling over the details anymore... I’m already dead."

Yue Lan, who heard this, tilted her head slightly.

"Senior, since this is your soul form, if we build a new body for you, wouldn’t you be able to be reborn?"

Everyone nodded at the suggestion.

For some reason, they felt that this old man wasn’t a bad person.

If the world could gain another powerful righteous cultivator like him, it would surely become more stable.

But the old man only laughed softly at her suggestion.

"I appreciate the thought, but... this old soul has already reached its limit. Even if you weren’t here, this fragment of my soul would disappear within a few weeks."

Hearing him speak so nonchalantly about his own death, everyone fell silent.

"Hey! What’s with those sad faces?" he said with a chuckle. "There’s no need to feel like that. I already died who knows how long ago."

Then he slowly looked around the ancient place.

"...It was only my lingering obsession that remained here to watch over this place. But seeing you all... I think I can finally rest in peace."

After all, there was nothing left to guard since that thing was already gone.

Li Feng gave the fading soul a strange look, as if it might disperse into the cycle of reincarnation at any moment.

"Senior, before you go, could you tell us more about this place? We wouldn’t want to get lost and end up trapped here forever."

Even though being surrounded by many beautiful fairies in this place forever didn’t sound that bad... Li Feng quickly shook his head to rid himself of the tempting thought.

That would be like winning a battle but losing the war.

After all, he still had dreams of exploring the world... and getting to know all kinds of fairies along the way.

The old man laughed.

"Haha, don’t worry. You’re actually on the right path to the exit gate."

Then he pointed toward the distance.

"Come, head that way. I will guide you out of this place."

At his words, Li Feng nodded and he and the others resumed walking.

Suddenly, Shui Ruo walked to his side and leaned in close, trying to get a better look at the old man hovering above Li Feng’s palm as her soft breasts pressed against his arm.

Li Feng acted as if nothing had happened and continued walking with a serious face.

...while inwardly he focused on the fresh fragrance drifting from her and the soft pressure of her large chest brushing against his arm.

’Nice.’

Li Feng couldn’t help but think that each fairy truly had her own distinct fragrance.

Yue Lan felt cool and pure like ice, while this Shui Ruo was fresh and gentle like flowing water.

’Is it related to their cultivation technique?’

He couldn’t help but wonder about it randomly.

His mind even wandered to the thought of what it would feel like to hug an ice fairy and a water fairy at the same time.

Meanwhile, Shui Ruo didn’t seem to care that her ample chest was pressing against Li Feng’s arm as she asked curiously,

"Senior, you mentioned earlier that this place was a prison for something. But what exactly was imprisoned here?"

The old man fell silent.

For a long moment, he didn’t answer.

Instead, his gaze slowly turned toward the tunnel behind them... toward the direction of the chamber with the statue.

When he spoke again, his voice was quieter.

"You saw the carvings on the walls, didn’t you?..The black ocean."

Li Feng nodded.

The old man let out a faint breath.

"...That was not just a story."

His cloudy eyes darkened at the memory.

"It was the Great Calamity that nearly destroyed our entire world."