Chapter 58: Fen Ziyan (5)

Fen Ziyan currently stood straight in front of him, proudly with both hands on her waist, while naked and her face a bit flushed, her crimson eyes shining with both determination and nervousness.

Li Feng leaned back against the chair, pretending to tremble, but his gaze roamed boldly over her naked figure.

"Senior Sister Fen..." he said weakly with an admiring tone, "you’re truly amazing. Even now, just by looking at your perfect forms... I even feel my qi calming down a little."

For some reason when Fen Ziyan heard his words, her face couldn’t help but softened, and pride flickering in her eyes. Without realizing it herself, she straightened her back, making her full proud breasts lift up and sway slightly even more as if she want him to praise her more.

Li Feng smirked inwardly when he saw the barely concealed smile on Fen Ziyan’s face.

’Oh? She’s actually this happy just from a bit of praise?’

Then something clicked in his mind. He remembered her earlier breakdown, the way she had fallen into despair after being abandoned and humiliated when her breakthrough failed. So now behind all that arrogance, she was probably deeply insecure, desperate to be acknowledged... especially by him, the one who had given her hope.

’So that’s it’, Li Feng thought, eyes narrowing with amusement. ’Beneath all that pride, she already craved recognition... Just one sweet word and all her hesitation will probably melted.’

His grin widened as his gaze roamed shamelessly over her perfect and proud figure. ’Perfect... As long as I feed her some praise then she....’

Li Feng’s little brother battle spirit was already at its maximum, desperately wanting to go to war, so he acted weak and stood up. Seeing his struggle, Fen Ziyan helped him walk by lending him her shoulder.

"What should I do?" Fen Ziyan asked softly.

"Thank you, Senior Sister... let’s get on the bed and..." Li Feng whispered something into her ear, and Fen Ziyan immediately blushed, but still helped him onto the bed.

After putting him down on the bed, she also sat down and patted her lap. "I-I’m ready."

Li Feng smiled and lay down, resting his head on her soft lap. The overwhelming weight of her breasts immediately blocked his view. ’Holy shit... this view is amazing... ’

"Let’s start then, Senior Sister. Please lean down a little..." Li Feng softly instructed.

Suddenly, the breast above his face slowly drop down onto him. ’Ahh... it feels like my face is being soothed... ’

Li Feng then relaxed while enjoying the weight of her soft breasts on his face. Then he felt a hand tugging at his robe below, and soon a breeze met his little brother.

He heard a soft surprised gasp from Fen Ziyan, and then felt her soft, delicate hand slowly wrap around his hard little brother.

"...Is this correct?" Fen Ziyan asked hesitantly as she moved her hand up and down, stroking Li Feng’s little brother. "So hot and hard... so this is a man thing..."

Even though she had been taught about matters between men and women as a princess, this was the first time she had ever done it, so she wasn’t entirely sure if it felt good for Li Feng.

"Ahh... Senior Sister, your hands... they’re wonderful. So soft, just like you. As expected of Senior Sister Fen... you’re so good at this. But... stroke it a bit harder and tighter... ahh... that’s perfect."

Li Feng’s muffled sounds could be heard beneath her breasts as he praised her, giving instructions while shamelessly enjoying the service of this proud princess.

Fen Ziyan’s smile broke into a smug one as she strangely felt happy hearing Li Feng’s praise. She began to follow his instructions, and subconsciously, her strokes grew more confident, moving up and down with care. Soon, she found the perfect rhythm, adjusting her force and speed while watching Li Feng’s reactions beneath her breasts.

rub... rub....rub....

After a while, Fen Ziyan felt the hot rod in her hand grow even hotter, its veins throbbing.

"Uhh... Senior Sister Fen... I’m about to come..." Li Feng groaned beneath her breast.

Hearing Li Feng’s pleasurable groan as his body begins to tense, Fen Ziyan subconsciously started to stroke faster and harder, then suddenly a burst of white essence spilled all over her hand.

splurt...splurt...

Fen Ziyan stared curiously at the scene, and feeling the hot sticky liquid on her hand.

’So this is a man... essence’.

Fen Ziyan feel that Li Feng’s little brother was like a tube so she tried a gentle squeezing motion, as if trying to coax out the remaining white essence.

"Ah...",Li Feng pleasurable sound leak out feeling as his little brother is being milked.

With one final splurt... Li Feng’s tensed body began to relax, his groans fading into soft breaths. Fen Ziyan stared down at her hand, now covered in warm, sticky liquid, a mix of surprise and fascination in her crimson eyes.

"Phew..." Li Feng let out a satisfied sigh, and casually lifting up her breast as if it were just a warm towel on his face. He noticed Fen Ziyan staring curiously at her delicate hand, which now covered in his seed. And his smile widened, just as he was about to praise her--

Suddenly, her hand burst into a flame, and in an instant, the sticky liquid vanished, and leaving her hand spotless.

Li Feng’s grin stiffened as he watched the scene unfold. For a fleeting second, he could have sworn he heard a tiny, muffled scream from his million little seeds....but of course, it was just all his imagination.

Fen Ziyan glanced down and saw Li Feng’s face peeking out. She lifted her chin proudly, waiting for his praise. "Junior Brother Li, how is it? Did your qi calm down?"

Li Feng pouted slightly and reply "Yes... it calmed down a little bit."

But upon hearing a small dissatisfied tone from Li Feng, Fen Ziyan’s heart almost dropped as sweat started to fall from her temples.

Panicking, she asked, "J-Junior Brother Li, did I do something wrong...? Please, this is my first time doing this, so... I-I..." Fen Ziyan’s proud expression from just a moment ago was replaced with fear and panic in the blink of an eye.

Li Feng’s eyes opened in surprise, leaving him speechless at the sudden change as he saw Fen Ziyan in her current state, almost as if she were having a panic attack.

’It seems her insecurity and dependency on me are more severe than I thought...’ Li Feng mused with a dark smile. ’Well, it means I am even more important to her.’

Seeing Fen Ziyan’s expression, which seemed like she was about to cry, he sat up, gently touched her soft cheek, and began to console her.

"Senior Sister Fen, don’t worry since this is your first time, there always a mistake"

Fen Ziyan let out a sigh of relief upon hearing Li Feng return to his gentle tone. For some reason, when she heard Li Feng’s dissatisfied and disappointed tone, her heart almost dropped.

"Tell me what I did wrong! I promise I’ll improve!" Fen Ziyan hurriedly asked Li Feng, her eyes determined, completely forgetting that she was doing all of this to help calm his chaotic qi.

Seeing her determine eye, Li Feng smiled and leaned closer to her, his voice low as he whisper. "Actually...Anything that comes out from... there, Senior Sister Fen must use your mouth to clean it."

Hearing this, Fen Ziyan’s eyes brightened as she knew where she had gone wrong, and relief washed over her. She truly didn’t want to remain in the dark and be unaware of her mistakes again, as it had become quite a traumatic experience for her.

"Then, Junior Brother Li, should I do it again? I promise this time I’ll do an even better job!" Fen Ziyan asked, her expression full of resolve, as if she wanted to redeem herself.

Li Feng swallowed hard, seeing this proud yet strangely innocent Fen Ziyan like this... but he couldn’t bear it any longer either.

Then he gently stroke her head like a puppy, he said, "I appreciate your spirit, Senior Sister Fen. We can do that another time, but... right now, I need to soothe my chaotic qi with your... lower body."

Fen Ziyan closed her eyes, a happy expression spreading across her face as she felt Li Feng’s hand gently stroking her head.

And hearing his words, she exclaimed, "Leave it to me! I will make sure to relieve all of your chaotic qi, Junior Brother!".

She stood up, her fists clenched, determination burning in her eyes as she prepared to redeem herself. Then, she reached out her hand towards the top edge of the bed.

Li Feng, seeing the energetic Fen Ziyan and the sway of her chest, smiled but then tilted his head slightly as he saw Fen Ziyan suddenly pull down the curtain beside his bed, which is used to hide the view within the bed and something he never use before.

"This...?" Li Feng asked, curious.

Fen Ziyan blushed and coughed softly. "Well... I was taught that when performing something intimate, it’s considered sacred, so we must pull down the curtain to block the view from outsiders."

As a princess, she had been taught about modesty and proper bed manners, and that she must pull down the curtain to block the view, as it is a tradition.

She didn’t realize that closing the curtain would trap their heat in the already cramped, small space even more, making the space inside feel even more suffocatingly intimate.

After she finished pulling down the curtain, and saw that it completely covered the view inside the bed from the outside, she let out a satisfied smile, then parted the curtain slightly, and went in.

The last thing the outside world saw was her swaying shapely, white peach slowly disappearing into the curtain.