Chapter 83: Red Qi

Li Feng stared at the three shocked faces and smiled.

"It seems you people are after my senior sister."

Speaking in a light tone, he looked at the man who seemed to be the leader.

"Tell me why, and maybe I’ll spare your lives."

Hearing Li Feng’s words, No.0 and No.1 immediately realized who this monster was.

"L-Li Feng..."

No.10 also recognized him, having seen Li Feng just recently.

Now, seeing the surrounding devastation, he began to feel fear creeping into his heart despite standing beside No.0 and No.1.

"...So you’re Li Feng? Are you really in the Qi Refinement Realm?"

No.0 couldn’t help but ask with a grim face.

His instincts are currently screamed at him to escape, but he knew Li Feng probably wouldn’t let them leave so easily.

"Oh ? I’m not the one here to be questioned," Li Feng said with a faint smile. "You’re the ones who should be answering me instead."

Then the air between them start to grew tense.

Li Feng just crossed his arms, smiling as he waited for their decision.

"Ara....how about we all take a step back for a moment?" No.1 said with a gentle smile, trying to ease the tension as she slowly walked toward No.0.

If one looked closely at her face, her smile seemed slightly forced, while No.10 quickly followed behind her, keeping his head low.

"Young Master Li is truly brilliant to have achieved such strength," No.1 said sweetly. "Of course, we wouldn’t dare offend you."

Once she reached No.0’s side, she gave him a subtle look, silently telling him not to act rashly.

Li Feng just smiled, quietly waiting for them to continue while his gaze lingered on the mature woman who oozed charm with every graceful step.

Weirdly enough, even though this woman was undeniably beautiful and seductive, his little brother didn’t react at all.

To be honest, even that merchant chief’s wife, Madam Yan, had drawn more of a response than this woman.

And of course, Li Feng always trusted his little brother’s judgment....if there was no reaction, that meant something was definitely wrong with her.

Li Feng’s mind, after imagining the mature, seductive body of Madam Yan, also began to grow impatient as he really wanted to hurry back and enjoy some fun time with his senior sister.

So, he said again, "This is the final time I’m asking this. Tell me the reason ...or die."

This time his words grew colder, and pressure started to weigh on them.

Feeling the pressure, No.0 also prepared to fight, even if it meant a hopeless battle, as their lives were already in their master’s hands.

All the Death Soldiers had soul contracts forced upon them by the family, so if any of them dare to leaked any information about the family, they would die immediately.

So at least fighting would give them a glimmer of hope.

No.1 then plead with a soft and pity voice,

"No, Young Master Li... we really want to tell you, but if we do, we’ll die. How about you let us go? Since we haven’t done anything to harm you yet."

Li Feng didn’t reply and just stared at them in silence.

Seeing this, No.0 sighed. "It seems this situation is inevitable. We’ll have to fight our way through."

After saying this, his body began to expand, muscles bursting through his cloak. Soon, he grew a full head taller than Li Feng.

"Oh?" Li Feng stared at the giant with interest, wondering if this was truly what a legit Body Tempering cultivator looked like in combat.

No.1, standing next to the giant, let out a sigh and silently activated her movement technique, disappearing from sight.

No.10 jumped back hurriedly, creating distance and preparing his bow for support.

He knew that only someone as strong as No.0 could even hope to face this monster Li Feng head-on.

The giant No.0, without saying another word, immediately vanished from his spot.

BOOM!

His sudden step cracked the ground below him.

In the next instant, he appeared in front of Li Feng and swung his fist at Li Feng’s head without hesitation.

And Li Feng calmly raised his hand to meet the approaching fist.

BAM!

CRACK!

The ground beneath Li Feng’s feet exploded into a crater, the shockwave rippling outward from the collision and forcing No.10 to retreat several steps, while his arm trembling.

No.0’s eyes widened in disbelief.

From just a single clash, he could sense the immense strength radiating from Li Feng.

It didn’t feel like punching a person....it was as if he had struck an immovable mountain.

And he also realized that, Li Feng was also a Body Tempering Cultivator.

Then No.0 immediately slammed his foot into the earth, shattering the surrounding ground and causing Li Feng to lose his footing.

He assumed it had something to do with Li Feng’s stance and connection to the earth, which are the fundamentals for any Body Tempering cultivator seeking enough strength to contend with those who wield spiritual power.

What No.0 didn’t realize was that he had unconsciously ruled out the possibility that it wasn’t just a technique or stance....but Li Feng’s true strength.

Or perhaps he simply didn’t want to accept the truth, because it was too absurd that a Qi Refinement cultivator possessing such raw, overwhelming power.

CRACK!

"Oh?" Li Feng smiled as he observed the shattered ground below that cause his body to tilted slightly.

Then he turned his head toward the giant, just in time to see a fist coming straight for his face.

BAMM!

Li Feng’s body then flew backward from the impact.

Before he could even land, a shadow descended from above as No.0 diving down with another powerful strike.

BAMM!

No.0 swung his arm with such force that his muscles seemed on the verge of bursting forward into Li Feng which cause him to slam into the ground, while flying through the debris as the impact tore the earth apart.

And yet, even after all that, No.0’s face remained dark as he could feel that his strikes didn’t seem to land properly or cause any real damage.

Through the dust, Li Feng casually stood back up, brushing himself off as he observed his own body.

"I can feel that... just a bit."

Li Feng wanted to test whether his body’s defenses could withstand a 9th Realm Qi Refinement cultivator.

Now he knew as No.0’s strikes caused only a slight sting, and the pain vanished almost immediately, as if his body had healed itself.

He also recognize what that was, it was his body’s natural regenerative ability, fueled by the boundless vitality of his Star energy.

’I guess vitality isn’t just for... making me horny, but also helps with self-healing too, huh.’

To be honest, he was starting to feel a bit scared of his own strength and a little guilty for the poor women who might have to deal with it in the future.

’Ahem... that’s why I need to find more women... so they can help share this important burden.’

Now that he had a rough understanding of his strength, it was time to end this.

Li Feng turned his attention back to No.0, while a provocative smile start spreading across his face.

"Is that all you’ve got?"

Hearing this, No.0 gritted his teeth.

This time, he no longer cared about the consequences and activated his demonic art.

A red aura suddenly enveloped his body, making him grow even larger as his skin darkened to a deep crimson.

Li Feng frowned at the red qi, immediately recognizing it as demonic qi.

"Are you... from a Demonic Sect?"

ROAR!

Without any reply, No.0 let out a beastly roar and charged at Li Feng again.

His body left a red flash in its wake as he raised both hands high and slammed them down toward Li Feng.

"Hmph." Li Feng scoffed, calmly raising his hand to block.

BAMM!

The earth beneath Li Feng shattered once more, spiral cracks radiating outward as dust and debris scattered in all directions.

"To think a demonic cultivator would dare come so close to the Azure Moon Sect... you’re seeking death."

Even though he had once been considered a waste in the sect, he still understood the deep-seated hatred between the Demonic and Righteous Paths.

The Azure Moon Sect was one of the most powerful righteous sects, and they did not tolerate any demonic cultivators within their territory.

Actually, Li Feng wasn’t really fixated on whether someone identified as good or evil, as he only cared whether he liked the person or not.

But for some reason, this guy’s red qi irritated him a bit, and Li Feng decided to simply trust that feeling.

Before No.0 could pull back, Li Feng’s fingers shifted slightly, his hand twisting in a subtle motion that sent a sharp cracking sound echoing through the air.

Li Feng tilted his head and grin, "And you’re quite unlucky to have met me."

He then drove his elbow upward—Bang!—striking No.0 squarely in the chest.

The impact rippled like thunder, causing the giant to coughed up a mouthful of blood and just as Li Feng was about to finish him off and rid himself of that uncomfortable feeling.

Suddenly, a pair of daggers appeared silently at Li Feng’s neck, while a delicate white hand slowly extended from behind him, as if to embrace him.

Slash!

Spurt!

Then blood sprayed into the air.