Chapter 280: Sneaky Quickie

Li Feng quickly pulled Jian Ruyi into the forest and headed toward a waterfall he had noticed earlier while chasing after her.

Jian Ruyi didn’t resist as she simply followed him obediently.

Soon, they arrived at their destination.

Looking at the water falling down into the small lake below,

Li Feng couldn’t help but admire the beautiful natural surrounding.

But he didn’t forget his purpose.

Turning to Jian Ruyi, he said casually.

"Come, take off your clothes and let’s get you clean up."

Jian Ruyi nodded and was about to undo her clothing when Li Feng gently stopped her hand.

"Hehe... let me help you."

Jian Ruyi didn’t seem to mind his playful antics.

She had already grown used to many of his strange preferences in the short time they had spent together.

Seeing her lowering her hands, Li Feng’s heart raced with excitement as he began to help undress her.

He start by open her collar, revealing her breasts once again bound behind the familiar strip of white cloth.

Slowly, he tilted her robe downward and exposing the delicate, snow-white skin of her shoulders.

With her upper body now bare, Li Feng leaned down and began removing her lower garments until her healthy, slender white thighs and long, graceful legs were completely revealed.

Then he took out a white shirt and draped it loosely over her body before pulling her gently toward the water.

They walk in until they reached a large rock near the middle of the lake.

Li Feng’s powerful spiritual sense had already scanned the area and there was no hidden danger in this small lake, only a few weak demonic fish that had long since fled into hiding.

Soon the water reached Jian Ruyi’s waist.

The wet white shirt clung lightly to her slender curves, turning semi-transparent and outlining her figure in a seductive way.

Jian Ruyi looked a little curious, wondering if this white shirt was one of Li Feng’s custom treasures.

Li Feng stopped walking and gently turned her perky peach to face him.

Leaning forward and looking down from above....

He could clearly see her flawless white skin through the now, wet fabric along with the perfect shape of her jade-like breasts, which formed a small yet adorable cleavage.

His hand reached forward toward those alluring stiffen pink bead that he could see faintly through the wet shirt.

From behind, he casually grasped the soft....cute pair of "rabbits" and savoring their unique feel as the damp cloth added an extra layer of unique softness and slickness.

It almost felt like he was playing with an impossibly ridiculous soft balloon.

And he never get tired of playing with this exquisite pair of soft flesh.

Then one of his hand left her breast as he took out a clean towel and began raising it to her face, gently wiping away the stain and blood of her earlier killing.

Jian Ruyi’s small face looked adorably squished beneath his large hand.

And for Jian Ruyi, deep down she felt strangely relaxed at this moment..... being cared for in this way, even though it look more like a man taking liberties with her body from the outside.

Even if she recognized it for what it was, she didn’t mind in the slightest.

After all, Li Feng was her husband, and a husband could take advantage of his wife’s mortal body as many times as he desired.

After finishing with her face, Li Feng smiled lewdly, admiring her beautiful features now clean once more.

Then, slowly, he crouched down.

Reaching forward, he grasped her soft thigh and began washing it with gentle, deliberate strokes.

"Mhmm..."

Jian Ruyi felt a strange sensation.... not from his hand, but from the way the wet shirt clung stickily to her skin.

She could feel his rough palm sliding upward until his thumb brushed against her petals, which slit remained perfectly closed despite the roughness they had endured over the past few days.

But then Li Feng suddenly pressed his middle finger against her slit.

Like recognizing its owner, her petals parted flexibly, offering no resistance as the finger slipped inside.

Squelch...

"Haaaa...~"

Jian Ruyi spread her legs slightly wider.

Both hands lifted the hem of her shirt as a faint flush spread across her face, feeling that rough finger squirming deep within her warm, inner flesh.

Soon, feeling a familiar wetness coated his finger.

Li Feng slowly withdrew it as a glistening string of slick liquid trailing behind, connecting his finger to her entrance.

He swallowed hard at the sight .... at her slit now parted slightly, glistening and seemingly ready.

Suddenly he stood up and glanced around at the surrounding slyly, like a thief or a naughty man about to do something bad.

Seeing the area was clear,

With a lewd grin, he pushed Jian Ruyi against the large rock beside them, bending her over in a seductive arch.

Then he aligned his hardened little brother head with her lower mouth.

Squelch...

"Ahh~."

"Uhh... so tight."

Li Feng groaned in pleasure, savoring that familiar, unyielding tightness.

It seem like, no matter how roughly or how many times he stretched her inside, it always felt just as tight and perfect.

Looking down at the white, wet shirt clinging transparently to Jian Ruyi’s slender body, he couldn’t help but feel a surge of superiority.

After all, just moments ago she had been a powerful, ruthless killing machine.

But now she was his alone .... to enjoy however he pleased.

With this burning desire in his chest, he slowly began to rock his hip.

"Haa~... Mhm~..."

Jian Ruyi’s soft, suppressed moans gradually leaked out from behind the huge rock as Li Feng thoroughly enjoying himself with a lewd grin.

Soon, only his rough breathing, the splashing of water and her melodic moans echoing out in this secluded area.

_

_

_

After some time had passed and the sun began to set, Shen Jia could be seen walking through the forest, following the trail Li Feng had left behind.

Soon she arrived at a clearing and was greeted by the sight of a beautiful lake and a cascading waterfall.

Her eyes widened slightly when she noticed two simple tents already erected nearby.

In front of one, Li Feng sat grilling fish over a crackling bonfire, chatting happily with Jian Ruyi, who sat quietly beside him while silently munching on a skewer of fish in her hand.

The faint, tantalizing aroma of roasted meat drifted through the evening air.

"This..."

Shen Jia walked toward them, a bit confused.

Seeing her approach, Li Feng smiled brightly and waved.

"Fellow Shen, come, come! I’ve already prepared everything for the night."

With a casual flick of his wrist, he tossed a perfectly grilled fish skewer in her direction.

Shen Jia caught it reflexively, her movements clean and precise.

She glanced down at the fish... then looked at Li Feng with a strange expression.

"You were planning to camp here all along?"

Li Feng nodded as he prepared to grill another fish.

"Yes. Since I didn’t do much today, I figured I should at least prepare everything for all of us. It’s the least I can do."

Hearing his words, Shen Jia couldn’t help but study this shameless man.

Strangely, the more she got to know him, the more... pleasing he seemed to become.

Slowly, she sat down on a rock opposite him and took a small bite.

And her eyes widened at the taste.

"This is quite delicious!"

She looked up at Li Feng.

"What kind of spirit fish is this?"

"Eh? It’s just a normal fish."

Li Feng smiled smugly, seeing her amazement.

He dramatically lifted his bangs with one hand and pointed the skewer toward the sky like a hero posing for glory.

"You might not know this but back in my hometown... I was known as the Barbecue Genius. Any grill I touch turns instantly into a delicacy."

"Ohh." Jian Ruyi quietly clapped at his theatrics.

Her face remained perfectly flat and stern, yet there a small hint of a smile tugged at the corner of her lips.

Meanwhile, Shen Jia just shook her head at his shameless display.

Yet for some reason... she wasn’t nearly as annoyed as she would have been before.

The three of them continue to chat on for a while.

But for the most part, it was Shen Jia and Li Feng who carried the conversation, their voices rising and falling easily, while Jian Ruyi remained quietly at the side.

She listened without interruption, only giving some small nod every now and then whenever Li Feng’s stories grew wildly outrageous.

The sky gradually darkened as the bonfire cast a warm, flickering glow across their faces.

But suddenly Shen Jia noticed something and couldn’t help but ask,

"Say Li Feng..., why are there only two tents?"

The crackling of the fire seemed louder in the brief silence that followed.

Li Feng blinked once, then he answered naturally, "Because there are only two women."

Shen Jia frowned slightly. "And what about you?"

"I’ll meditate outside."

Li Feng reply casually as he look at the peaceful night.

"I don’t mind. The night breeze within this secret realm is quite cool and refreshing."

Jian Ruyi glanced at him briefly but said nothing.

Shen Jia narrowed her eyes. "You’re not plotting something, are you?"

At her words, Li Feng gasped dramatically and clutched his chest as if her words pained him.

"Fellow Shen! In your heart, am I truly such a person?"