Chapter 119: True to one desire.

The sun had already begun to set as it bathed the area in orange glow.

Bang!

Splash!

A burst of fresh blood hit Li Feng’s face, which was already stained with dried blood.

The area around Li Feng was also stained with blood and littered with many empty pill bottles.

Li Feng, who seemed not to care about time, slowly leaned back as he withdrew his hand, which never seemed to dry and was soaked red with blood.

Seeing Mo Shuyan’s state become a mangled mass of flesh again, Li Feng didn’t say anything as he reached out for more recovery pills.

"...?" But he paused when he realized that he had run out of recovery pills.

Even the Rank 1 recovery pills he had refined before were all gone.

Then he heard a small voice, barely audible — if it weren’t for his powerful senses he might not have heard it:

"...k..ill..m..e...."

Li Feng frowned when he heard the voice that seemed to keep provoking him.

’Is this guy really unafraid of death?’

For some reason, despite his eyes full of fear and Mo Shuyan body start flinching every time Li Feng raised his hand, Mo Shuyan continued to provoke him to kill him.

So Li Feng couldn’t help but wonder if this guy have any other trick,... or if this guy was truly fearless.

’...Or is it one of those things where I kill the young and the old show up?’

Thinking of that, Li Feng just sneered.

Even if the old showed up, he could just hide inside his divine brick.

And if the other sects had old monsters, then a sect as big as Azure Moon Sect would have their own old monsters too, surely the powerhouses of Azure Moon Sect wouldn’t stand by if they noticed a big shot from demonic sect hanging out in their territory.

But if they couldn’t even detect such a powerful demonic cultivator coming, Li Feng would seriously need to start doubting the sect’s ability.

Right now, nothing would stop Li Feng from killing this unpleasant man today... otherwise that uncomfortable feeling in his chest wouldn’t be released.

Bang...!

He swung his hand again, this time controlling his strength even more as he wanted to smash this guy as many times as he could..

Meanwhile, behind Li Feng, a distance away—

Goldie, who had already returned to its bulky wooden form, just stood there and looked toward it master’s back as Li Feng continued swinging his fist down.

But there was no cloak covering its massive frame anymore , as Goldie couldn’t find the cloak which might have already been destroyed during the battle.

"..."

It simply stared in silence, not interrupting Li Feng, as it could feel the surging emotions through their connection.

Step...

Step...

Step...

Then, sound of footsteps came from its side, and soon Goldie sensed a presence.

So it tilted its head slightly to look.

Seeing it was someone familiar, Goldie just tilted it head back to it original position.

...

...

...

"...??"

Goldie hurriedly turn it head back again, thinking it might have been mistaken... but it wasn’t.

Ignoring Goldie’s confused look despite it have a wooden face, the figure walked past Goldie and headed toward Li Feng, who still had his back toward them while busy his fist smashing down.

Li Feng, who was raising his hand high with an emotionless face, suddenly felt a soft hand tapping his shoulder.

"Err... Junior Brother Li, I think he is already dead..."

"...?"

Li Feng who heard that familiar soft tone slowly looked back, and soon his eyes widened in disbelief.

...As Fen Ziyan’s unharmed and beautiful figure stood there, except her robe seemed a bit messy with holes in many places as if it had been torn.

Seeing Li Feng staring at her in a daze, she touched her face and tilted her head cutely.

"Is there something on my face?"

Li Feng didn’t answer as he slowly stood up and went to hug her tightly.

Even though he had so many questions,.... for now he just wanted to hug this adorable woman.

Fen Ziyan seemed a bit flustered, but she didn’t reject Li Feng hug despite his body being stained with blood.

But soon, she frown slightly,

"...Junior Brother Li, it’s kinda too tight."

Feeling her body’s warmth and hearing her slightly pained voice, Li Feng snapped out of his daze as he slowly released her.

His strength had grown stronger than before, so that’s probably why he hurt Fen Ziyan slightly from not controlling his strength properly.

"You... you’re not dead??"

Li Feng finally asked, his voice full of surprise and confusion.

And Fen Ziyan, who heard this, seemed to finally understand the situation.

She looked toward the messed-up corpse of Mo Shuyan, then slowly looked back toward Li Feng’s bloody face and tattered clothes as if he had gone through a hard battle.

Her eyes start softened slightly.

’Did Junior Brother Li think I died... and fought Mo Shuyan to avenge me...?’

Her heart couldn’t help but feel moved at this thought, knowing it probably wasn’t an easy battle.

[Ding!]

[Congratulations Host for receiving +500 Favor Points!]

"...?" Li Feng looked a bit surprised at the notification, then he heard Fen Ziyan’s gentle and soft voice.

"...Yes, I’m alive. It seems I made you worry too much." She slowly lowered her head, as if she felt a bit guilty.

Li Feng heard this and let out a long sigh, shaking his head as he inwardly thought:

’Worry? Yes... I was so worried I turned Mo Shuyan’s head into minced meat...’

And yet he didn’t feel any blame toward Fen Ziyan at all. He was just glad she was alive and okay.

With his heart full of relief now, then as if the old Li Feng had return, he started to act exaggeratedly again.

He placed both of his hands onto her delicate shoulders as he lean down.

"You have no idea, Senior Sister... I–I thought Mo Shuyan killed you. I was in so much grief that I fought to the death with Mo Shuyan to avenge you. But I’m glad you fine..."

He spoke as if about to cry with his voice trembling slightly as if he trying to hold back his emotion.

Hearing this and seeing Li Feng tearing up, Fen Ziyan’s cheeks warmed slightly and her heart softened even more as she lowered her head, looking like a small guilty puppy.

And Li Feng, seeing her enticing and meek appearance, couldn’t help but feel his desire rising.

Right now his body was extremely vigorous due to possessing 50 stars.

So now after the heated battle, with sorrow and pain washing away.

His carnal desire slowly surged like a wave to replaced those negative emotion.

’Alas... what a horny bastard I am.’

Despite lamenting himself, knowing he was really a pervert.

Li Feng still smiled happily the next second as he simply glossed over it.

He wasn’t someone who rejected his true nature.

He was someone who enjoyed everything life had to offer to the fullest.

Plus Fen Ziyan right now looked too enticing, with her jade-like skin revealed through the torn cloth and her pair of ample breasts that subtly jiggling with every of her movements.

Fen Ziyan, who felt his heated gaze, also seemed to notice that her junior brother was eager for another mortal indulgence session....

Her body instinctively turned soft and her legs trembled slightly, as if it already trained to be ready to receive her owner’s desire whenever he needed.

Li Feng hand on her shoulder also began to become mischievous.

Feeling his hand slowly caressing her shoulder in a lewd way,...like being touched by a pervert uncle.

Fen Ziyan just let him continue as she didn’t try to reject him ... but she felt slightly weird to start doing this here, so she tried to dissuade him.

"...Junior Brother, don’t you want to know how I didn’t die?"

"We can talk about it later."

Li Feng just brushed it aside as his hand slowly pulled down her cloth from the shoulder and reveal those delicate white skin.

Hearing this shameless answer, Fen Ziyan who felt her clothes slowly being pulled down, hurried to find another excuse, then she saw Li Feng’s face stain with blood and her eye brighten.

"But we’re so dirty—"

Before she could even finish her words, a small light surrounded both Li Feng and her, as he used a cleansing spell.

He had learned this convenient spell because Li Feng know someone like him was going to use it a lot.

Soon,after the small light faded, both of them became completely clean of any dirt and blood.

Li Feng then smiled lewdly at Fen Ziyan with his eyes, as if asking, ’What else?’

And Fen Ziyan just sighed and smiled wryly when she noticed his teasing expression.

She knew Li Feng would never back down when it came to this matter.

Seeing her resigned expression, Li Feng grinned happily and picked up her soft and voluptuous body onto his shoulder like carrying a sack.

But just after a step, he paused a bit as he turned toward Mo Shuyan’s corpse.

He reach out a single hand and start setting up a formation around the corpse.

He also silently ordered Goldie to watch Mo Shuyan’s corpse.

He already knew there was no life left in that ruined body.

And he didn’t sense anything weird, but he still asked Goldie to watch it just in case.

As right now, his priority wasn’t Mo Shuyan but his own personal happiness.

Like a kid who just received a new toy, Li Feng skipped forward happily with a bright smile while carrying Fen Ziyan toward behind a big rock that was still intact.

Fen Ziyan, hanging over his shoulder, couldn’t help but think that Li Feng was truly an odd and unpredictable man to even still thinking of mortal indulgence in this situation.

’...But it seem junior brother is truly worried about me.’

Looking at Mo Shuyan corpse in the distance, Fen Ziyan couldn’t help but feel like it fine to indulge Li Feng a bit.

So she simply allowed herself to be carried away, wearing a resigned smile.

Meanwhile, Goldie stood alone, staring in the direction where its master disappeared behind the huge rock.

"..."

Through their connection, it could sense that its master was... extremely and overwhelmingly happy at the moment.

Then it gaze slowly lowered toward Mo Shuyan’s ruined corpse.

As it continued doing it duty, watching over the body in silence.