Chapter 179: Training Ye Shuang.

Deep into the night,

Inside Li Feng’s cave,

Clothes lay scattered beneath the bed as it finally stopped shaking.

The frantic collision of flesh sound had come to an end, leaving only a soft, wet sucking sound echoing faintly within this small and dark space.

"Slurp~"

On the bed, Li Feng was currently sitting butt-naked, while holding a beautiful naked woman in his arm.

He currently leaning down slightly, and slowly grinding his hips against hers while happily sucking her pale, large breasts like it is an delicious bun.

However, the beautiful young woman whose breasts were being sucked and toyed with did not react at all.

She was utterly exhausted, and lying limply in his arms like a doll.

Her arms and hair drooped powerlessly onto the bed, while her eyes seem dazed, as if she had already lost consciousness.

Li Feng, who had finally managed to release his pent up desire, smiled happily.

His eyes were filled with satisfaction as he continued to suck and lick those deliciously soft breasts.

Right now he was still ejaculating and releasing his seed into Ye Shuang already overflowing cave as it drip onto the bed.

But he didn’t seem to mind and continuing to grind his hips regardless.

Slurp...

Slurp...

If someone were to walk in and witness this scene inside this dark cave, they would probably think it was a monster that had captured its prey and was now devouring its feast in the darkness.

Well... they weren’t entirely be wrong.

Plop...

Li Feng finally removed his lips from the pale flesh as a wet, stiffened pink bead was revealed.

He let out a refreshed sigh after emptying another load.

Then he leaned back against the bed, using Ye Shuang’s exhausted, soft body like a blanket as she lay on him.

He felt her soft breasts and body pressed against his, her silky hair brushing against his chest.

Li Feng inhale her intoxicating fragrance and smiled in satisfaction.

Then he hugged his newly acquired seed dumpster while his little brother still buried deep within her cave and went to sleep.

_

_

_

The next morning.

Ye Shuang slowly opened her eyes, staring at the unfamiliar rocky ceiling above her.

Her gaze was a bit dazed as she wondered where she was.

Looking down, she saw a blanket covering her body and felt the soft texture against her skin.

She then realized she was completely naked.

Her face instantly flushed red as the memories of last night finally resurfaced.

"Ahh~!"

She cried out while covering her face, recalling all the shameless positions and unrefined images of herself.

"....That was so shameless of me." Ye Shuang murmured in embarrassment, as if she could still hear her own moans echoing in her ears.

She continued rolling around on the bed for a while, desperately trying to find a place to hide.

Drip...

But just as she rolled over, she felt a wet sensation below.

"....?"

Ye Shuang frowned slightly in confusion. She lifted the blanket and saw that beneath her large, pale breasts, between her slightly raised thighs, a thick yet translucent white liquid was slowly flowing out from between her spread legs.

"....So that is a man’s seed."

She murmured, her face still red.

But curiosity overtook her embarrassment as she slowly lowered her hand and touched the sticky liquid.

"Ehh ? Wouldn’t this make my insides dirty ?"

She muttered, staring at the substance as it slowly hardened between her fingers.

Just as she was about to cast a cleansing spell—

A gentle voice came from the entrance of the cave.

"Ah, Junior Sister Ye, you’re awake ?"

Li Feng appeared, carrying a steaming bowl of hot porridge.

He smiled as he walked over and sat beside her on the bed.

Ye Shuang blushed and instinctively pulled the blanket up to cover her naked body.

"....Y-Yes, I’m awake."

Li Feng nodded and attempted to spoon-feed her the porridge he had just prepared.

"Here, eat this. I mixed spiritual herbs and plants into it. It should help you feel better."

At the end of his words, his expression turned slightly apologetic.

Ye Shuang blushed deeply and accepted the bowl.

"I-I can eat it myself."

Li Feng didn’t mind and handed her the bowl, simply watching as the shy yet seductive girl ate while carefully avoiding his gaze.

Then Ye Shuang suddenly remembered something, and a worried expression appeared on her face.

"Senior Brother Li.... what about your chaotic yang ? Has it been cured ?"

She remembered that the reason she had allowed her mortal body to be used so shamelessly was to help Li Feng suppress the side effects of his forbidden technique.

Hearing the concern in her voice, Li Feng couldn’t help but smile inwardly.

’These righteous disciples really live up to their reputation... they’re just too perfect for me, hehe.’

But he still put on a hesitant expression and said,

".... Ah, well, it’s okay now."

Hearing his hesitant words, Ye Shuang put down the bowl and crawled toward him.

The blanket soon slid free, revealing her flawless skin and naked body.

Her large breasts swayed sensually as she grabbed his hand and looked up at Li Feng.

"Please don’t lie. Tell me the truth, Senior."

Li Feng sighed.

"Fine. I know Junior Sister is quite stubborn, so I’ll tell you the truth."

Then he stood up and undressed himself until he was completely butt-naked once again.

"E–Eh ?"

Ye Shuang was a bit surprised.

She covered her eyes, yet peeked through her fingers.

Seeing his well-defined body and that.....huge hardened length once more, her face flushed and turn red.

Li Feng didn’t seem to care about her shyness and pointed at his hardened little brother.

"As you can see, it’s already filled with chaotic yang energy again. It’s still bearable at this rate but...."

He looked at Ye Shuang and continued, "..... It seem I need to extract it periodically. Otherwise, once it fills my meridians again, it will damage my body."

Without waiting for her reply, he walked toward her, his hardened little brother pointing straight ahead.

He grasped Ye Shuang’s small hand as he bent down slightly.

"...So I hope Junior Sister can continue to help me with this."

Hearing his apologetic tone and plea, Ye Shuang’s expression became complicated.

Since she had already done it once, she wouldn’t mind doing it again.

However, judging by his words, it wouldn’t end with just a second or third time.....it would likely continue throughout the entire period inside the secret realm.

She was also a cultivator seeking opportunities to increase her strength.

Even though she was grateful to him for saving her life, abandoning her own opportunities just to lie down and spread her legs every day made her hesitate.

Seeing her hesitation, Li Feng didn’t seem to mind and even smiled inwardly.

He had already expected this.

The reason he revealed the truth that he basically wanted her to become his exclusive seed dumpster was because he had another plan.

Ye Shuang, looking conflicted, was just about to open her mouth—

But Li Feng cut her off as he took out a storage pouch containing a huge sum of spirit stones, along with many high-quality pills and even a few flawless-grade ones.

Ye Shuang, who had suddenly received the storage pouch, looked curious.

She checked its contents and was shocked.

Inside was an enormous amount of cultivation resources.

She had never seen such a large sum of spirit stones in one place since becoming an outer disciple, not to mention those high quality pills, especially the flawless-grade cultivation pills.

Judging by the amount, she could easily have a chance to push her cultivation to the 9th realm of Qi Refinement, which had originally been her goal for entering this secret realm.

"T–This..."

She turned to look at Li Feng, wondering what he wanted by giving her such a huge amount of cultivation resources.

Li Feng smiled and said gently, "Ah, of course I know Junior Sister’s time is valuable too. Asking you to help me is akin to telling you to stop seeking your own opportunities..."

Then he continued sincerely, "So I hope to gift all of this to you, to make up for your lost precious time."

Hearing his words, Ye Shuang froze slightly and fell silent.

Li Feng smiled faintly, seeing this as... she hadn’t rejected him immediately.

He knew that he was essentially asking her to sell her mortal body for his use, which was no different from prostitution and would likely fail if he had proposed bluntly like this from the start.

After all, he knew that a cultivator’s pride and face were higher than mountains.

Some would rather die than disgrace and shame themselves.

....but with the favor she owed him for saving her life, the way he twisted it into a "gift" and apology, and the fact that she had already slept with him—

He cleverly made it sound like it wasn’t degrading or shameful for her, but rather it was him.....Li Feng who had saved her life and was now begging for her help.

As for whether this seemed like losing face for him? Bah.

Li Feng never cared about such things.

As long as he could get this woman to willingly spread her legs for him, he wouldn’t even mind kneeling.

The reason he proposed everything so directly was simple.

He didn’t want to waste time whenever he wanted to vent his desire.

He wanted her to spread her legs when he wanted, whenever he wanted without wasting time pretending.

And then he can focus on his goals.

To be honest, he didn’t want to experience that feeling of frustration again, nor did he want to break his oath and use his hand...

Soon,

Silence descended as both of them seemed lost in their own thoughts.