Chapter 122: The Living and the Lost

Li Feng who had just seen the notification from the destiny quest , let out a long sigh.

His gaze drifted down to the adorable yet seductive woman currently nestle against his chest.

He shook his head.

’ I guess having such a great woman always comes with a price.’

But then, a faint smile curved on his lips.

’Whatever. Nothing’s going to change. I’ll just focus on getting stronger... and keeping her a bit closer.’

He wasn’t about to let some random guy pop out of nowhere and kill his golden egg who was now also his woman.

The world outside the sect was too unpredictable and he wasn’t taking any more chances.

As his thoughts reach this, they inevitably drifted to his graceful and cold senior sister, Yue Lan.

She was supposed to leave for the secret realm in less than a month.

It would definitely be somewhat dangerous.

Fortunately, he would be accompanying her this time.

At least he could act if something unexpected happened.

Thinking of her, Li Feng couldn’t help but miss that icy warmth ... the delicate contrast of her cool temperament and soft body.

Pch!

Suddenly, Li Feng felt something pinching his hand, which was still resting on that soft, ample breast.

He glanced down to see Fen Ziyan cold face staring at him with her crimson eyes.

"What’s wrong, senior sister?" he tilted his head slightly and asked, wondering if something was wrong.

Fen Ziyan didn’t answer at first.

Her crimson eyes stayed locked on him, scrutinizing him, while a frown formed as she felt the sudden sensation in her chest.

"Nothing... I suddenly felt the urge to bite you for some reason just now."

Li Feng blinked and look dumbfounded.

’Are you a dog? ’ he thought, and couldn’t help but marvel at the woman’s intuition.

Of course, he wouldn’t admit that he was currently thinking about another woman so he just glossed over it and looked down seriously.

"Oh? Is there some hidden injury on you? No, that won’t do. We have to check thoroughly."

"Eh? N-No need!"

Fen Ziyan blushed as she tried to hold the naughty hand on her breast, which was now trying to tug down at her upper robe.

"L-Look! Let’s finish the important stuff first!"

She tried to remind him, knowing that once Li Feng started indulging in her body again, they’d never get anything done.

Li Feng, of course, was just teasing her.

He knew he needed to destroy Mo Shuyan’s body and check for any valuable loot.

Plus, he still hadn’t heard the full story from Fen Ziyan about how she was still alive.

But he pretended to be sad on the outside.

"...I see. Yes, important stuff should comes first."

Fen Ziyan, seeing his sad expression, couldn’t help but feel a little bad for Li Feng, so she whispered softly,

"...We can do it as much as you want later... okay?"

Li Feng sad face immediately turned bright, and he smiled.

"Haha, as expected of senior sister, you’re the best!"

Then he leaned down, his voice dropping to a lewd whisper "...And don’t worry, I’ll let senior sister bite me as much as you want too."

Fen Ziyan blushed at his teasing, as she instantly understood his meaning.

Soon, they arrived next to the corpse.

Li Feng gently put Fen Ziyan down, and together they stared at the mangled flesh.

Fen Ziyan, seeing it clearly up close, glanced at Li Feng, who had also had a faintly surprised expression.

"I didn’t expect junior brother to be... so intense," she said as seeing the mess up corpse.

Li Feng gave a light cough, rubbing his nose awkwardly.

"Ahem... well, he was quite persistent so I had to make sure he wouldn’t get up again."

Fen Ziyan raised a brow, her tone calm but faintly amused as she teased him. "Persistent? His body’s barely recognizable now."

Li Feng chuckled awkwardly and bent down to examine the mangled corpse.

"Better safe than sorry, right? You never know what kind of trick or method he have."

Fen Ziyan just smiled at his words, and even start looking at him a little more tenderly.

She knew Li Feng must have been so furious for her sake.

Then she heard his voice as he glanced back toward her.

"By the way, senior sister... how come you’re not dead yet? This Mo Shuyan kept saying you were dead..."

Fen Ziyan let out a soft sigh.

"He must have wanted to provoke you for some reason... maybe it was related to those emotional things that improve the soul or something I heard from his mumbling."

Li Feng who heard this, just nodded casually.

As it didn’t really matter now.

Fen Ziyan was alive, and that was enough for him.

Then Fen Ziyan continued, gazing into the distance as if lost in thought.

"To be honest, I’m not exactly sure why I’m still alive either. Just after I thought he was going to kill me, he suddenly started mumbling something about me already being someone’s prey ... and then I lost consciousness."

Li Feng tilted his head slightly.

’...Someone prey? Is it the same guy who sent those death soldier ?’

It seems whoever it is seem to be quite powerful,... at least enough to intimidate Mo Shuyan.

"Did he plan to do something else with you?" he asked again.

Fen Ziyan shook her head and turned toward him.

"I don’t know. By the time I woke up, I realized I was in some sort of sealed space underground. Then, seeing the seal suddenly loosen, I tried to escape... and the next thing I saw was you beating up something."

Hearing this, Li Feng didn’t know what else to say, as even Fen Ziyan herself wasn’t sure what had really happened.

_

_

After taking everything valuable from Mo Shuyan’s body, Li Feng still crouched down, smiling happily at the abundant loot.

"This guy is quite rich..."

He had managed to find a lot of spirit stones and strange tools that looked like they would sell well.

He also found some demonic techniques and other bizarre-looking items—like a flower with a grotesque mouth, a sword that seemed to whisper into his ear when held, and a few other strange things.

There were even plenty of pill materials he could use to refine pills.

He planned to sell the things he couldn’t use if he got the chance, since he never said no to money or resources.

Even if he didn’t need them himself, his women might, so he needed to be a rich young master by then, so when the time came, he could...hehe

Fen Ziyan, seeing Li Feng daydreaming again with that crooked smile, just ignored him. She was already used to him being like this.

Then she looked around the area as darkness slowly fell, with the sun already set.

"It’s getting late. Should we find somewhere to rest?"

Li Feng, hearing his senior sister’s words, snapped out of his daydream and stood up with a smile.

Surveying the dark surroundings, he said, "Hmm, let’s find a cave or something to rest in tonight. We’ll head toward the city tomorrow."

Fen Ziyan nodded.

She was a bit exhausted after everything that had happened today and wanted to rest for a while.

"Sure. There should be a suitable cave somewhere in the forest. And if not, we can just make one."

She had gone on a few quests outside by herself before, so she was fairly experienced.

Fen Ziyan then stretched lightly, looking forward to find a spot to lay down.

Then she noticed a formation light up around Mo Shuyan’s corpse, which soon burst into flames until the corpse turn into nothing but dust.

She didn’t seem surprised, already knowing that Li Feng had become a formation master after seeing him set up a silent formation during their.... last riding session.

"Hmm? What’s wrong?" she asked.

Then Li Feng came to her side and took her hand, while his eyes scanning the area.

His mind was already on high alert, ready to teleport them both into the Divine Brick if anything unusual appeared.

But after a while, nothing happened.

Li Feng couldn’t help but sigh in relief.

If the old had really shown up after killing the young, he would have had no choice but to hide and wait for help....but that didn’t seem to be the case.

"I guess that novel cliché is too exaggerated..." he murmured.

Fen Ziyan, standing beside him, heard his murmur and tilted her head cutely in confusion.

"What do you mean?"

Li Feng scratched his head. "Ah, nothing. I was just thinking that Mo Shuyan’s master or something might appear."

Fen Ziyan who heard this laughed lightly.

"Haha, don’t worry, junior brother. The distance between the Divine Blood Sect and ours is quite far. Even for a Nascent Soul cultivator, it would take at least a few weeks to arrive."

She then chuckled. "And if such a powerful demonic cultivator really came, the first thing he or she would probably see is some old ancestor from our sect. So there’s no need to worry too much."

Li Feng didn’t reply and just nodded, but inside, he still had doubts.

If they were truly so capable, then why had he encountered a powerful guy like Mo Shuyan?

He was fairly certain that if any other outer sect disciple had taken on this quest, they would have died.

’...It seems I can only trust my own strength.’

Soon, with everything done, they both prepared to leave.

But Li Feng couldn’t help but stare at the empty surroundings once more and sighed.

"Wait a moment, senior sister."

Fen Ziyan paused as she saw Li Feng going toward a big rock.

CRACK...

Li Feng lifted the huge rock easily and brought it toward the middle of the area where the village once stood.

Bang!

After putting it down, he began to use his own figure to carve some letter.

Crack...

Crack...

Crack...

Li Feng gave a satisfied smile after he finished inscribing the letter and walked toward Fen Ziyan.

"Let’s go, senior sister."

Fen Ziyan nodded as she glanced at the words on the rock.

she smiled slightly and soon followed Li Feng and Goldie.

Once they all left, the empty area became peaceful once more.

But in the quiet night, the area where a village used to exist was gone, leaving only a big rock with some words in the middle of the empty space..

On that rock, the words read:

Here once stood a small village.

May the souls of its people find peace.

— Li Feng

_

_

_

_

_

_

_

_

Meanwhile, somewhere unknown-

Inside a vast, dimly lit hall surrounded by towering pillars that seemed to hold up the darkness itself.

A heavy silence lingered in this dark hall...

The only source of light came from a massive seven-colored lotus suspended at the center of the hall, with its radiant petals faintly glowing beautifully amid the gloom.

Suddenly , the sacred lotus quivered and start trembling as though it were about to bloom.

But before it could open , a beautiful and youthful voice erupted from within ,dripping with rage and hatred.

"Li...Feng!!"