Chapter 129: Return

At Cloudveil City,

Wei Alchemy Hall.

The scent of fragrant pill filled the lively hall.

The hall was currently brimming with customers as they busily checked the shelves, while a few clerks hurried around to assist them.

" Oh? There really is a flawless-grade Qi Condensing Pill?"

A wealthy-looking man asked, stroking the jade ring on his finger as he scanned the counters.

There was a single pill bottle labeled Flawless-grade Qi Condensing Pill.

He had heard that this alchemy hall sell those rare flawless-grade pills, so his curiosity had brought him here.

Soon, a neatly dressed young woman who seem like a newly hired clerk approached him with a polite smile.

"Yes, esteemed sir. Our hall offers high-quality pills at reasonable price."

Hearing this, the wealthy man smiled and pointed toward the flawless-grade Qi Condensing Pill in front of him.

"Then I want to buy this one."

Even though he couldn’t use it himself, .... he thought of gifting it to a certain beauty who was training hard for the upcoming Azure Moon Sect disciple recruitment.

But the young clerk only maintained her smile as she explained,

" Sir, if you wish to purchase a flawless-grade pill, you need to preorder it. As the demand for such rare pills is quite high."

"Eh? Then why is that one there?" The wealthy man pointed at the bottle.

"That’s just a promotional display, sir. It isn’t for sale."

Hearing this, the wealthy man frowned and sighed.

"Fine.... but how long would I have to wait to get one?"

The young clerk’s smile didn’t falter as she replied,

"If you preorder now, you’ll receive it in about half a month. There are many others waiting as well."

"Half a month !?" His eyes widened in shock.

But after thinking about it more carefully, he noticed that the price here was quite reasonable.

If they were to auction it.... the price would surely soar.

’I guess waiting isn’t too bad for these price ....’ he thought to himself.

Then he looked at the clerk.

"... Sign me up."

_

_

_

Meanwhile, upstairs—

Inside Wei Meilin office.

Wei Meilin, still dressed in her signature purple qipao that hugged her graceful, shapely figure was grinning from ear to ear as she flipped through the newest sales report.

Her red lips curved with satisfaction.

"Hmph... even if I have to share more than half with Li Feng, our hall daily profit is still exaggeratedly high...."

She tapped the parchment lightly with her finger.

"And flawless-grade pill reservations increased again today... good, very good. "

These days had been exceptionally kind and great to Wei Meilin.

Not only did she no longer need to endure Li Feng endless ... poking, she also didn’t have to suffer pressure from her family rivals or those greedy elders inside the family.

So her joy wasn’t merely about the money.

It was about security of her status and of her heart.

’No wonder those aunties always say to choose a man wisely... it truly affects your whole life. Their words weren’t entirely wrong.’

She leaned back, crossing one of her long, elegant leg over the other as she exhaled softly.

Then,

Looking again at the profit numbers in the report, she felt a sudden stab of heartache.

"...I should have taken that extra share Li Feng promised." she murmured.

Just imagining how much more she could have earned with that extra 10% share made her chest tighten with regret.

She silently vowed to squeeze that extra share out of him the next time they met.

Even if she had to act a little more shameless and beg, she was determined to have Li Feng approve her ’performance’.

Just then —

Knock, knock, knock.

A hurried knocking echoed through the office.

Wei Meilin snapped out of her thoughts and look at the door.

"Come in."

The foolish grin from before vanished instantly, replaced by the cold, elegant demeanor of the Wei Family matriarch.

The door opened, and the young clerk, who now promoted to manager stepped in looking pale and nervous.

"M-Madam Wei, someone wishes to meet you..."

Wei Meilin calmly looked at him.

"Who is it that makes you so nervous?"

The young clerk took a breath and gave a strained smile.

"Madam... the person asking to see you is someone from the City Lord Manor."

Wei Meilin’s expression tightened into a frown.

Her first thought was trouble.... but she quickly dismissed it.

As she hadn’t broken any laws.

And since the City Lord represented the sect, there was no reason they would trouble her, especially just because her business was booming.

So no matter how she thought about it, she couldn’t find a reason for them to visit her now.

She sighed lightly.

"... Invite the guest in."

"Yes !"

The clerk hurried out.

Moments later, he returned with a handsome, well-built middle-aged man who have a neatly groomed black beard.

Wei Meilin narrowed her eyes slightly as she observed him.

And judging from his aura alone... he was someone she shouldn’t take lightly.

"Madam Wei, to think I would be honored enough to meet such a beautiful woman... I am truly humbled."

The man bowed politely before taking a seat.

Seeing his courtesy, Wei Meilin also responded with a polite measured smile.

"It is my honor to receive someone from the City Lord Manor. And your name, sir...?"

"Ah, you may call me Captain Shang."

Captain Shang smiled and continued , "My visit isn’t anything serious. I simply wish to ask a few questions and a favor..."

Wei Meilin, seeing Captain Shang go straight to the point, also smiled.

She appreciated his straightforwardness.

"Then please, Captain Shang. If there is anything I can assist with, I will cooperate fully."

But her smile froze at his next words.

"Madam Wei, I have learned that you are... quite close with an Azure Moon Sect outer disciple named Li Feng."

Captain Shang asked calmly, still smiling.

Wei Meilin who heard this sudden question about Li Feng frowned slightly.

She hesitated, but then nodded.

".... Yes, I do know him. May I know Captain Shang’s intention in asking this?"

Captain Shang nodded as if satisfied.

"Haha, nothing troublesome. It is related to this."

He took out a scroll and handed it to her.

Wei Meilin unfurled it and read the contents then her eyes widening slightly.

’Killing bandits....? And the bandit leader suspected to be a Foundation Establishment cultivator?’

She was shocked as she still remembered that Li Feng had only been at the 4th stage of Qi Refinement when she first met him.

And she became even more dumbfounded when her eyes fell on the final sentence.

’Suspected involvement of a puppet belonging to Li Feng...?’

Wei Meilin blinked, recalling the huge cloaked figure that always followed behind Li Feng.

’Li Feng call it Goldie... if I remember correctly.’

Wei Meilin never thought there was such an terrifying figure that could kill a foundation cultivator by her side all this time.

Just as that thought surfaced, she heard Captain Shang continue,

"We have conducted our investigation, and it seems ..... quite the coincidence that Disciple Li indirectly helped us eliminate a very troublesome bandit group."

He then produced another envelope.

"This is an invitation from the City Lord herself. She wishes for you to help pass a message to him that ... she would like to personally invite him for a drink and reward him for his contribution."

Wei Meilin heard this and just nodded in agreement.

"Please, this is a small matter. I will make sure to inform him once I see him again."

But her mind was already in a daze from the unexpected revelation.

She never imagined that the man she had chosen ... and submitted to was actually far more capable than she believed.

And it seem he still hiding so many things beneath that shameless exterior.

’Li Feng...’

_

_

_

Meanwhile,

Back at the cave,

Morning had already turned to noon.

Finally, Li Feng now dressed, walked out of the cave with a satisfied smile.

"Ugh~" he stretched a bit after finishing another early morning mortal indulgence.

Soon, another set of footsteps could be heard coming from inside the cave.

Li Feng glanced back and saw Fen Ziyan, already dressed neatly by him.

But for now, she was walking forward slowly while leaning slightly on the wall with one hand while caressing her lower abdomen with the other.

Drip...

Drip...

Between her trembling legs, droplets of a white translucent liquid slowly dripped onto the floor with her every step.

Fen Ziyan, her face flushed and breathing ragged, looked toward Li Feng with a questioning gaze.

"..J-Junior Brother... how did you suddenly become so... strong?"

She had been trying to empty Li Feng ball constantly since morning ... yet he seemed never satisfied.

Now, both her lower and upper mouths were completely full...

If it weren’t for the fact that they had to return to the city and the sect, she felt like she would have spend the entire day with her legs spread.

Li Feng, hearing her questioning tone that filled with doubt and fear, thought for a bit.

Then he quickly put on a reluctant expression.

"Ah... about that. When I heard that you were dead.... I lost control. So I used a forbidden technique to force a breakthrough in order to increase my power. And the side effect..."

He looked away, feigning shame and sadness while clenching his fist,

"...is that my yang energy constantly overflows now."

He sighed and looked back at Fen Ziyan apologetically.

Fen Ziyan trembled slightly at his words.

’Eh?...so Junior Brother actually sacrificed so much for me again...?’

She knew that Mo Shuyan wasn’t an easy opponent, especially with that close-eyed helper of his whose cultivation realm she wasn’t entirely sure of but she know he was strong.

Maybe that was why Li Feng had been desperate enough to resort to a forbidden technique.

She know that forbidden technique can gave a huge boost in strength but it also always came with severe side effects.

Thinking of this,

She felt a pang of duty to help him... and secretly, she also didn’t entirely mind being needed by Li Feng.

"I’m sorry if I caused you too much trouble.... if it’s too much, then there’s no need—" Li Feng’s soft voice trailed off.

But before he could finish, Fen Ziyan cut him off.

"Who says it’s trouble for me !?"

She straightened up, stepping away from the wall and crossing her arms confidently under her ample breasts with her back straight.

Fen Ziyan smiled proudly, lifting her chin and chest.

"This is nothing for your senior sister ! Just let me know if you need help relieving your overflowing yang energy !"

Li Feng, hearing this, felt his eyes start to become ’teary’ as if he were deeply moved by having such an understanding and reliable senior sister

"..T-Thank you."

Fen Ziyan smiled smugly and proudly.

"Hehe, of course you should thank me~ You’ll never find another senior sister as reliable and kind as me !"

Li Feng who heard this nodded seriously and completely agree with her statement and turn to look at this dependable senior sister of his.

Right now, she would have looked like a proper and dependable senior sister... if it weren’t for her legs still trembling slightly, with some white liquid still dripping between them onto the ground.

[Ding!]

[Congratulations, Host! You’ve gained 200 Favor Points!]

Li Feng just smiled at the double good news.

"Is that so? Well then, I’ll need your help a lot in the coming days, senior sister."

He then took Goldie into the Divine Brick and in an instant, he disappeared.

Then reappearing beside Fen Ziyan.

Without hesitation, he scooped her up into a princess carry again.

"A-Ah?" Fen Ziyan yelped in surprise, as her arms instinctively start wrapping around his neck.

Li Feng let out a satisfied smile, feeling her soft body in his arms once again, and leaned down to kiss her soft squishy cheek.

Fen Ziyan blushed slightly at his affectionate gesture.

"Senior sister, hold on tight!"

With those words, he kicked off the ground and shot into the distance.