Chapter 232: The Devil Yin (2)

BOOOOM—!

The forest exploded, and the air ruptured.

The ground beneath them caved in like it had been struck by a falling meteor.

While the surrounding trees nearby snapped in half just from the shock.

BOOOM

Soil and rocks blasted outward in every direction as a violent shockwave ripped through the clearing, flattening everything within dozens of meters.

Soon the area was filled with dust, smoke, and debris.

For a moment—

Silence lingered in the area.

Then—

Crack...

Crack...

Broken branches fell one by one.

The once-lush clearing had become a shallow crater.

At the center stood the white-cloaked figure with its arm still extended, fist forward in a punch position.

The puppet slowly lowered its hand, thinking that it had done a good job as it seemed filled with happiness.

Enemy = attack. Attack = kill.

Simple as that.

But then... as the dust slowly cleared.

It blinked as it saw that the human enemy wasn’t ...gone yet.

In front of it, a thin, translucent barrier shimmered like silk—like glass made of light.

"...?"

It could see ripples spread across the surface where the punch had landed, as if it had dissipated all of its strike.

And it could see faint cracks crawled through the shield but did not shatter.

Inside—

Yao Xin stood frozen with her pupils trembling.

Right now,

Her heart pounded so violently in her chest that she could hear it in her ears.

Thump.

Thump.

Thump.

Death.

For a split second just now... she had truly smelled death.

If she didn’t have a treasure on her... then her pretty little head would have exploded like a watermelon right then and there.

"...Haa... haa..."

Yao Xin start breathing roughly as her large chest rose and fell rapidly.

Cold sweat slid down her neck.

In her hand, a talisman had already turned to ash.

And that was a Rank 2 Protective Talisman.

It was among the many lifesaving treasures that her grandpa had given her.

And she thought she would never be forced to use it in this secret realm since everybody else should be all under the foundation establishment realm, but she was wrong...

Now she couldn’t help but want to thank the heavens she had this kind of lifesaving treasure that activated on its own when it sensed life-threatening danger.

Because that punch... was not something a Qi Refinement cultivator should ever be capable of.

And she was absolutely sure of it.

"What in the world are you..." she muttered hoarsely as she stared at that white cloak figure.

At the same time...

Even though she had just faced death, her face which was breathing hard began to slowly flush and blush... as if she felt excited.

"What is this feeling...?"

Yao Xin murmured as she grasped her own soft and large breasts, feeling the beating heart that had never pounded this loudly before.

Thump.

Thump.

Thump.

It pounded so loud it almost hurt.

Right now her blood felt like it was boiling, and her body trembled as if she were trying to suppress something.

And she was sure that it was not from fear alone....but seem to be from excitement as if she felt ...alive.

"Haa... Haa~..." She grasped her own burning cheek as a pleasurable smile crept up onto her beautiful young face.

A dark, dangerous thrill crawled up her spine as she almost moaned at this sensation that slowly spread across her body.

A sensation that she had never felt before and that was...death.

One that was so close and so unexpected....

As a disciple of the Devil Yin Sect, many of them had always chased extreme emotions and sensations due to their environment and most importantly...their cultivation technique.

Be it consuming yang or killing others.

And even as petty as playing pranks,

All of them seemed to want to always seek a greater thrill.

Because the closer something was to those extreme emotions...

The sweeter it felt.

Be it lust, threat, or control... it didn’t matter.

And that applied even more so for Yao Xin who, despite being a Devil Yin Sect disciple, had lived a rather conservative life with rules and restrictions on her due to her protective grandpa.

Every day she lived like a sheltered child....without ever being able to do things without permission ,to the point where even her own fellow disciples looked down on her for still remaining a virgin while in the Devil Yin Sect.

But no one dared to openly look down on or bully her due to her background, which in turn became boring for Yao Xin as no matter how much she bullied them, hurt them, or even killed them... all of them didn’t resist out of fear of her grandpa.

And that was why she sneaked out of the sect and happened to meet Yan Moxuan, who was recruiting others for a secret realm trip.

To her, life in the sect was so dull as if the world itself had lost all color.

But just now... a hint of color slowly returned to her as her eyes brightened.

"...?"

The puppet tilted its head slightly, while looking at this weird human who suddenly hugged her own body and started to squirm.

But then it finally looked back at its hand, wondering what had just happened as it hadn’t held back at all.

"Ahh~"

Suddenly, Yao Xin’s rough, seductive voice echoed out softly as she seemed to have just climaxed, her face red.

"You... I will definitely make you my slave."

With her words,

Whoosh!

Whoosh!

Whoosh!

Many talisman papers suddenly flowed around her, circling her as if forming a killing array.

...And all of them seemed to emanate an aura from Rank 2 Talismans.

Only someone like her could have and use this many higher-rank resources like this due to her having a powerful grandpa.

Yao Xin’s eyes and smile turned even more arose as she gradually lowered one arm into her lower petals and slid another hand into her cleavage.

"Hmm~"

With one hand kneading her own breast and another in her wet entrance... she began to pleasure herself right there.

"Ahh~... Haaa~... This feeling...~ so rough~."