Chapter 97: Walking a cat

After a few days, the Silk Caravan finally made another stop as the sun began to set.

Li Feng’s carriage door suddenly opened, and Li Feng himself stepped out with a refreshed grin while fixing his sash.

If one were to see the scene inside before the door closed, they would have seen Fen Ziyan, her bare, ample white breasts exposed as her upper robe was pulled down.

She leaned weakly against her seat, her flushed face filled with exhaustion, legs spread wide as a translucent liquid slowly flowed out from her precious cave.

Click.

Alas, such an alluring sight quickly disappeared as the door closed once more.

"Hmm~ this escort quest is quite easy," Li Feng said with a refreshed smile, glancing at Goldie, who stood dutifully guarding the carriage door while he was having a great time inside.

He then looked toward the setting sun, adjusting his sash casually.

It had been a few days since he encountered the bandits and confronted the death soldier.

Since then, their journey had gone smoothly, no other threats had appeared, save for the occasional weak demonic beast attack, which the guards easily handled without Li Feng needing to lift a finger.

"We should be near Whitesilk City soon..." Li Feng thought, recalling what Madam Yan had told him during their sweet time together in the forest last night.

Li Feng couldn’t help but think of the good time he had for the past few days.

In the morning, he spent his time playing with his proud senior sister’s body, while at night, he got to play with his obedient kitty.

Li Feng couldn’t help but grin as he still remembered Madam Yan struggling to hold back her moans when he indulged in her body on the bed next to her husband, who was already sleeping like a log after taking his flawless-grade sleep pill.

’Tch tch, her embarrassing face sure is beautiful,’ he grinned.

Li Feng had already planned to take his kitty for a ’walk’ again tonight.

Just as Li Feng was daydreaming about those soft and voluptuous body, a familiar voice called out to him.

"Senior Brother Li! I’ve perfected half of what you told me—let me show you!"

Zhou Wenhai’s excited face could be seen as he rushed toward Li Feng.

Li Feng smiled and didn’t seem to mind his eagerness....after all, it was thanks to Zhou Wenhai that he was able to take a naked kitty for a stroll through the forest at night.

"Come, show me what you’ve improved."

"Yes!"

_

_

Soon, night quickly arrived.

Inside a tent, where Goldie stood guard outside, Fen Ziyan calmly sat in meditation, eyes closed.

But then she suddenly opened them as a bitter expression appeared on her face.

"...Fail again, huh."

Fen Ziyan sighed, but then smiled slightly, remembering Li Feng’s words this morning while she was being filled with his seed.

Li Feng promised he would give her the pill from his inheritance, which supposedly would help her break through once they reached Whitesilk City.

And according to the guards, they would reach the city by tomorrow.

Fen Ziyan’s mood turned slightly better at this as she smiled, then turned to look at the empty tent with Li Feng was nowhere to be seen.

"Junior Brother Li is really dedicated. To think he even spends his precious time patrolling the camp....."

Fen Ziyan thought that she should truly follow Li Feng as an example, with his dedication.

So she closed her eye and start meditating again.

Just like Li Feng said, she must never give up, even if it a small progress, it is still a progress.

Meanwhile, if only Fen Ziyan saw the current Li Feng, who seemed to be quite dedicated to his ’protection’.

She would have scoffed and take her words back.

As Li Feng can now be seen strolling through the forest, barely lit up by the moonlight.

He glance up and smiled.

"What a beautiful night... don’t you think so madam?", with his words he pulled a red string in his hand as if he was pulling something.

"..nya..." Madam Yan, who was completely naked, was on all four while wearing only the cat ear and paw.

She currently have a flushed expression, feeling the night air on her bare body.

Feeling the pulled of her collar, which currently connected with the red string on Li Feng hand, she obediently crawl forward.

Thinking about how she became like this, she couldn’t help but let out a sigh.

Li Feng had given her a choice of whether they continued doing it on the bed next to her sleeping husband or... this.

She really couldn’t help but fear her husband waking up even after taking the sleeping pills, so she gritted her teeth and agreed to go out for a ’walk’ at night.

Just as she was lost in her thoughts, she bumped into Li Feng’s leg as he had stopped his steps.

"Hmm, this seems like a nice spot." After looking around with satisfaction, Li Feng knelt down on both knees and slowly undid his robe to let out his already hardened little brother.

Madam Yan who saw this know what Li Feng already want, so without a command from him, she slowly crawl forward and open her mouth to suck that big thing.

slurpp...

"Ugh~..." Li Feng let out a pleasure groan as she felt that wet warm surrounding his little brother, then he lean abit forward and grasp her soft white breast with both of his hand.

Glup...

Glup...

Glup...

Soon a wet slurping sound continue to echo softly, along with Li Feng pleasure sigh.

After sometime had passed,

Li Feng, whose legs had already gone weak from pleasure, currently leaned against a tree, sitting on his butt on the ground.

"Ohh~... Madam..."

Slurppp...glup...

Between Li Feng’s legs, a head with cat ears was currently frantically bobbing up and down, continuing to suck hard as if trying to suck out his life.

"Ugh... take it," Li Feng gritted his teeth, feeling the rising sensation, and without holding back, he released it all.

Madam Yan’s frantically bobbing head suddenly stopped as she slowly swallowed everything down her throat.

Then, after a few minutes passed, Li Feng let out a refreshed sigh and pulled the hair of the head, which was still stuck with his little brother.

"Good girl, you truly have improved..."

"Cough... cough..."

Madam Yan coughed slightly after the big thing had been removed from her throat, and she knew that this guy wouldn’t be satisfied with just this.

So she started bowing down until her head hit the ground and lifted her plump peach slightly.

"..Nyaa..." Her ears turned red, as no matter how many times she did this, she couldn’t help but feel embarrassed.

"It seems like you’ve been trained well," Li Feng smiled, seeing this obedient cat’s curvy body while she bowed down like that.

Madam Yan, who heard his lewd remark, just continued to stay in that position, as she had been trained to beg for her owner’s little brother in this way.

Li Feng, who had already stood up, smiled in satisfaction and pulled up the collar hard.

"Nya—"

"Lean against the tree," Li Feng commanded.

Madam Yan, who heard this, put her small delicate hands on the tree and leaned her body until she reached a perfect 90-degree angle.

Li Feng smiled again, seeing those plump white peaches and drooping ample breasts.

He had trained her to adopt this perfect mating position, and it seemed she was quite a fast learner, seeing she could do this perfectly this time.

Without another word, he went behind her and gave her plump peach a slap, causing it to ripple before returning to its perfect shape.

Slap!

"..N-Nyaa," Madam Yan blushed feeling the heat on her peach, while continuing to stay in this position perfectly.

Li Feng grinned lewdly and aim his already hardened toward her wet entrance and thrust in all the way in one thrust until his little brother head knock on her womb.

"N-Nyaa..!", Madam Yan mouth open wide as if she having hard time breathing, feeling her inside is completely stretch.

"Ahh~", Li Feng closed his eye feeling the wriggling tight flesh surrounding his little brother and soon he gripped the small soft waist and began to move his waist.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

This is the last day so he plan to devour this mature obedient cat all night.

_

_

In the deep of the night in the forest,

Zhou Wenhai was currently walking through the trees with a smile on his face.

"Senior brother is really amazing, to think he spends all night protecting the camp."

He had heard from the guards that Li Feng was truly dedicated to their camp’s protection, so tonight he was planning to accompany Li Feng to help him.

"..Maybe I can finally ask him about the matter regarding fairy Fen too," he smiled, blushing, thinking he had been focusing on practice too much these past few days and had forgotten to ask Li Feng to help him with that matter.

With a smile and light steps, he began heading toward the deep forest.

But then he stopped his step and tilted his head slightly, wondering if he had heard wrong.

"...Is that a cat noise? Is there a cat in this forest?" Zhou Wenhai looked confused, hearing those soft nya noises, which seemed quite pitiful, as if it were drowning or something.

Then he continued his steps, making less noise with his footsteps.

Soon, through the dense trees, he hid behind a tree and looked forward as he peeked his head out.

And he saw Li Feng and... a cat?