Chapter 236: Wild and Primal (2)

Then, feeling that wet, tight flesh wriggling and squeezing around his little brother.

Li Feng finally brought his attention back to Jing Lu.

She was still on all fours, her toned and soft legs spread wide for him, offering everything to please him.

Seeing her slick, trembling and enticing naked body, Li Feng eyes ... slowly filled with desire once again.

One hand slid into Jing Lu’s messy silky hair, gripping a handful then gently but firmly yanked her head back, forcing her graceful back to arch and expose her delicate throat.

"Ahh~...."

Jing Lu gasp at the sudden pulls.

Soon,

She felt Li Feng’s hot, rough breath against her neck as he leaned down and whispered.

"One of my puppet was defeat."

At his words,

Jing Lu’s hazy eyes widened a little. "Eh—"

She woke up a bit from her haziness when she heard that.

Even though she hadn’t faced those white-cloaked puppets herself.

But as a seasoned fighter and cultivator, her instincts told her they weren’t weak.

She couldn’t help but wonder how they had been defeated just like Li Feng.

But then Li Feng cut off her wandering thoughts as he suddenly rolled his hips, grinding the thick little brother head against her depths until her shapely thighs trembled and fresh slick coated him.

Plap!

"Haa~...?" Jing Lu let out a sharp gasp, taken by surprise at the sudden movement.

Then she heard Li Feng’s voice once again.

"Don’t think too much about it." he growled with desire against her ear.

"I’ll deal with it. So you should just focus on tightening yourself for me..."

With those words, he pulled his little brother almost all the way out, leaving just the swollen tip stretching her entrance.

And then slammed back in hard enough to make Jing Lu gasp, as if suffocating.

Plap!

"Uh~...!"

Li Feng then resumed his movement, his thrusts gradually picking up speed as he began to indulged himself in her mortal body once again.

Each rough thrust made her fair, plump peach ripple beautifully, as the wet squelch of her petals filling the cave.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

Jing Lu large breasts could be seen bouncing alluringly, her pink bead hard and slick, swaying frantically with each of his movement.

She keep gasping for breath, her gaze turning misty as her head was pulled up by her hair.

Unlike the slow, teasing warmth of their first indulgence, there was no gentle or slow pleasure this time.....only pure, rough carnal debauchery.

"Nnngh~! Ah~....Haa~!"

Li Feng began to moved so fast and hard that her soft body seemed to melt, her mind hazy with all of those overwhelming carnal sensation.

Soon,

Drowning in the storm of carnal pleasure once again,

Jing Lu’s moans turn into sharp, helpless cries.

Her fingers clawed uselessly at the thin blanket beneath her, and nails gripping the sheet as her body shook back and forth again and again.

The small cave air slowly grew thick and heavy, filled with the raw heat and the unmistakable, intoxicating fragrance that could only come from a woman who had surpassed her mortal limits, with her mortal body refined into a perfect vessel for the Dao itself.

Soon, only the dull echoes of colliding flesh and muffled wet sounds bounced off the stone walls.

Wild.

Primal.

... Almost like two beasts mating and tangled together in the dark.

_

_

_

Meanwhile, around the devastated area ...

Yao Xin, lying on her back and still playing with herself, suddenly squirmed as a wave of climax washed over her.

"Ahh~... !"

Her mind went slightly blank at the peak of the sensation.

The cold earth pressing against the back of her head and body only heightening the intensity.

"This... this is the best..." she murmured, a blush spreading across her cheeks as a small satisfied smile curved her lips.

Her eyes drifted lazily toward the clear blue sky above, the world around her momentarily turned hazy.

But as the pleasure subsided and clarity returned, Yao Xin coughed lightly and pushed herself slowly to her feet.

Her large, pale breasts swayed enticingly with the movement, heavy and soft, as it brushing against her arms as she bent slightly to steady herself up.

The lingering warmth from her climax still tingled along her skin, making her face a bit red even as she tried to regain composure.

She shook her head gently, trying to shake of those lingering pleasure.

Yao Xin’s legs trembled slightly as she straightened, still feeling the lingering heat in her core.

After calming her breath for a while.

She finally glanced around the devastated area, at the remnants of broken trees and scorched earth.

A stark reminder that this place had seen an intense battle only moments ago.

"It’s been so long since I enjoyed myself this much..." she muttered softly.

Slowly, she turned to look at the impaled puppet lying not far away.

With a bright, almost sunny smile, she skipped toward it as her bare chest swaying freely with each light step and she seem to be completely unconcerned about her exposed state.

When she arrived, she bent down slightly, studying the puppet with curiosity.

Her expression was intrigued, like a child examining a new toy.

"I never thought a puppet could be this strong..."

Yao Xin murmured as she recalled the fight.

If not for the abundance of Rank 2 talismans she carried, she might truly have lost.

And yet, despite relying on external tools to win, Yao Xin only smiled wider, utterly unconcerned about fairness.

To her, results were all that mattered.

As long as she survived and stood at the end... that was victory.

Only the dead would worried about honor.

Looking at the damaged puppet now, she couldn’t help but feel a small ache of regret.

"Ahh... such an amusing toy. Seems I was a bit too rough..."

She leaned back with a soft sigh, crossing her arms beneath her chest as she tilted her head, thinking.

For a moment, she tried to figure out how to make this new "toy" last longer next time.

But after several seconds, she only groaned and ruffled her hair in frustration.

"Ahh! Whatever. I’ll just bring it back and see if those sluts know what to do..."

Even though her fellow disciples were twisted and lewd in their own ways, they were quite experienced as they had wandered far more places than she had.

Maybe one of them knew how to repair it.

Or at least patch it up.

With that thought in mind, she smiled again and grabbed the puppet’s legs and casually dragging it behind her as she walked back toward the temporary camp she and a few others had set up.

"Hm~ hmm~"

She hummed happily, as if she had just picked up an interesting souvenir with her steps light and carefree as she disappeared into the forest.

... Unaware that not far away—

A tall figure wrapped in a huge black cloak stood silently behind a tree.

The ominous figure stood completely still.

Like a shadow as a pair of faint golden eyes glowed beneath the hood, fixed quietly on her retreating form.

....Watching.