Chapter 125: Star Apostle

"???"

Li Feng blinked, dumbfounded by the sudden attack.

A moment ago they were just... busy having fun together and he had even been kind enough to wait for them to finish before interrupting.

But the instant they saw him, they lunged like starving wolves spotting fresh meat.

’At least calm yourselves down first...’ Li Feng’s eye twitched, taking in the messy, disheveled state of their bodies and the embarrassing way they were charging at him.

To him their movements were painfully slow, so slow enough for him to notice every unpleasant detail.

Like the flying white liquid in the air and that still hard and wet little brother of No.0 that look directly at him.

And honestly... he didn’t want to touch either of them.

With one lazy thought from him—

Both bodies froze in midair.

As if time itself had been paused.

"What—!?"

"I... I can’t move!?"

Their mouths trembled as their eyes darted toward him in panic.

Their bodies stayed suspended, unable to move an inch and both of them instantly understood that Li Feng had trapped them in some kind of spacial lock.

"Geez. That was a surprise," Li Feng muttered, scratching his cheek as he look at these two naked man and women.

"Did the two of you go insane or something?"

He sighed and then frowned slightly ... as the man still-hardened little brother was still pointed directly at his face.

"..."

With another thought, Li Feng rotated No.0 frozen body to face the opposite direction..

Then No.1 finally opened her mouth as she smiled after hearing Li Feng’s words.

"Haha, we just missed you, that’s all, young master Li... after all, you’ve left us here for so long~"

Despite her carefree tone....but inside she felt a deep trepidation, as cold sweat sliding down her back.

...because the presence Li Feng was releasing was even more terrifying than before.

They had been trained that, when facing a terrifying opponent, the best chance of survival was a surprise attack at an unexpected moment which was a moment ago.

That is why both she and No.0 reacted purely on instinct , realizing that was the best and only chance they have in killing Li Feng.

’...but we still failed.’

She lamented quietly, as fear slowly crept up her heart.

No.0, who was facing the other direction, didn’t say anything.

He already knew ... there was no escaping today.

Li Feng simply smiled upon hearing No.1’s words.

"Ah, don’t worry. I’ll let you all go soon...."

When they heard his words,

Both No.0 and No.1 widened their eyes at that, but soon showed doubtful expressions.

"Oh, yes, there was another person. Wait..."

Li Feng suddenly remembered he was still missing someone, so with a casual thought—

Whoosh!

A withered man, looking extremely drained, suddenly appeared in front of him.

"Wha...?"

No.10, who had been resting inside the cave, let out a confused sound as the scenery abruptly changed around him.

"Li Feng...!?"

His eyes widened the moment he saw Li Feng.

Just as he instinctively tried to move—

His body froze as well, before slowly floating up next to the other two.

Looking at the frail man, Li Feng shook his head lightly.

Within this space, he was the master and god.

He could control anything here.

And nothing could hide from his sight.

With a single glance, he could see that this man’s foundation was already damaged, with his life force slowly declining.

But that wasn’t his concern as he didn’t care much about these people who had tried to harm his senior sister.

If he hadn’t been strong enough, he might already be dead, and his senior sister would have suffered an even worse fate.

Li Feng then grinned as he opened his hand.

"You guys, I’ll give you a chance to be free today. As long as you pass a simple... trial of mine."

He planned to use these three to test the "Star Apostle" skill a bit.

Judging from the skill description, if it succeeded they would become his pawns and slave.

But if it failed... well, he would simply receive another star, that was all.

"...What might that be, young master?" No.1 asked.

Her voice was obedient, but her experience told her it wouldn’t be something simple.

The other two remained silent, waiting for his answer.

Li Feng smiled and gently floated all three of their bodies until they were positioned right in front of him.

Of course, No.0—whose "thing" was still hard and stiff was rotated to face the other side.

"Ah, it’s nothing troublesome,...really. In fact, this might even be a great opportunity for all of you."

Then Li Feng tried to check with the system.

’System, how do I use the Star Apostle skill?’

[Ding!]

[Host can just place your hand on any part of their body and activate the skill. The target must not resist the bestow star, otherwise it will fail!]

Hearing this, Li Feng nodded.

He looked at the frozen people in front of him and said,

"Make sure you don’t resist... otherwise I will just kill you then."

No.1, who heard this, just smiled wryly as what other choice did they have?

Now they could only hope it wasn’t anything weird, and that Li Feng kept his word.

Just as Li Feng was about to begin and rised his hand toward them, another notification popped up.

[Ding!]

[Host, it seems the three people in front of host do not have the qualifications to become a vessel!]

[Are you sure you want to proceed?]

Li Feng paused his hand slightly when he heard this.

’So does it mean I can’t put a star in them?’

[Ding!]

[Negative! Host can still use the Star Apostle skill on them, but the chance of success for them to become a Star Apostle is significantly lower.]

Li Feng’s eyes turned interested at this.

’What if they fail to become the vessel then?’

The answer came instantly, quite simple too.

[Ding!]

[To answer host’s question: if they fail to adapt, their soul will break apart, causing them to die immediately!]

Li Feng, who finally understood somewhat the usage of this skill, nodded.

It was basically like needing a suitable vessel to contain a star, which would pretty much make them his slave if they have his star inside them.

And he could also bestow it on someone who didn’t have the qualifications too, but they must be able to adapt to having a star inside their soul, otherwise they would just die.

And all of this had to be done while the vessel did not resist.

Then Li Feng looked at the three test subjects in front of him as he warned them again.

"This is my last reminder. Don’t resist whatever you feel next... otherwise you will die."

Without waiting for them to answer, Li Feng immediately activated his Star Apostle skill.

[Ding!]

[Host has activated Star Apostle skill!]

[Required: 300 Favor Points for 3 people! Please confirm?]

’Do it,’ Li Feng nodded inwardly.

[Ding!]

[-300 Favor Points!]

With that,

Li Feng sensed an invisible star forming inside him that seem immature, almost restless as though it sought a new home so it can burn brightly.

Then he touched the three frozen people on the head one by one, and stepped a few paces back.

Seeing Li Feng watching from a distance with an interested expression, No.1 couldn’t help but feel a sense of fear.

As the unknown was truly terrifying.

’What was that...?’

Her mind drifted back to the moment Li Feng touched her head.

She felt some sort of pure energy had flowed into her, sinking deep into her divine sense.

It had felt gentle yet heavy....like a small steel ball dropping slowly into water.

The water, of course, was her divine sense.

She had been thinking it didn’t seem like anything dangerous—

But the instant that ball touched her soul at the deepest part of her divine sense—

It was as if a molten-hot sphere scraped across her soul, and excruciating pain tore through her head and body.

"AHHHHH!!" , she immediately let out a painful scream

Her agonized scream seem like something dragged from the depths of hell echoed through the entire space.

And she wasn’t alone.

The other two were also screaming loudly in unbearable pain.

Li Feng, seeing this, silently released the lock on their bodies.

Thud.

The moment their bodies were free, they dropped to the ground and started rolling uncontrollably, clutching their heads and chests as if trying to claw out the source of the torment tearing at their souls.

"AHHHH!! IT HURTS-"

"AHHHHH!!"

Li Feng just stood there calmly amid the dying screams of the three people on the ground, his attention focused entirely on their souls.

Within his sight, he saw the star he had planted slowly digging its way into each vessel’s soul, trying to burrow toward the deepest part.

Right now, it had barely passed the outer layer and it still had a long way to go before reaching the core.

And yet cracks were already forming throughout their souls, and their divine senses looked as though they were on the verge of collapse.

’Oh? It seems the star isn’t something just anyone can contain... No wonder the system said their soul needs to adapt, otherwise they’ll die...’

Li Feng thought to himself as he continued watching the struggling figures on the ground with calm, indifferent eyes.

Blood began to seep from their bodies, staining the ground beneath them red as they writhed and twisted like dying fish, their limbs jerking helplessly while their souls were slowly being tore to make way and space for the star.

_

_

_

After a while had passed,

The agonizing screams that seem to filled the entire area slowly died down.

And Li Feng looked at the three figures lying in their own pools of blood with a hint of disappointment.

He had hoped at least one would succeed... so he could let the survivor go, then using them as a double agent to find the true mastermind who wanted to kidnap his woman.

"Sigh... Whatever... even if it failed, I still learned a lot of useful things about this skill."

Li Feng shook his head, and turning to leave.

But after a single step, he stopped.

And he glanced back as he sense a small movement from one of the bodies.

"Ohh...?"