Chapter 93: Encouragement

Morning light shone through Chief Zhou’s tent.

Chief Zhou began to wake up, rubbing his eyes and letting out a long yawn.

"Yaaaawn... What a good sleep~" he said with a refreshed smile as he stretched his chubby body.

For some reason, he vaguely remembered dreaming about a little kitty that seemed to be drowning and crying out for help, though he couldn’t recall the details clearly.

"What a weird dream," Chief Zhou murmured.

He shook his head, then looked around, only to see that no one was in sight.

"Haha... It seems I’ll have to apologize to Young Master Li for suddenly getting drunk and falling asleep like that. But... where’s Shuqin?"

He glanced around, trying to find his wife, Yan Shuqin, but she was nowhere in sight. His gaze shifted toward the curtain where their bed lay behind.

"Maybe she’s still resting?"

Chief Zhou started walking toward the curtain slowly, and with a gentle swish, he parted it to see the scene inside.

"Nya— O-oh? Husband, you’re awake." A familiar soft and gentle voice drifted out.

Chief Zhou’s eyes lit up as he saw his beautiful wife sitting on the bed, calmly combing her long hair.

"Yes, I got a bit overdrinking last night... sorry about that," he said while brushing his head.

Madam Yan, who seemed quite normal on the outside and was already dressed properly, shook her head slightly at this stubborn husband of hers who loved drinking.

"There’s no need to worry. While you were out cold, I was doing my best to... ’entertain’ Young Master Li so he wouldn’t be mad or anything."

Madam Yan, despite looking proper and neat on the outside, was a mess inside as she still felt ’full’ of that warm essence.

She didn’t even dare to walk, lest it spill onto the ground.

Her mind wandered to last night, when she was forced to take five flawless-grade recovery pills after being completely spent, only to become energetic again right after taking them.

Flawless-grade pills were extremely precious and expensive, not only because of how difficult they were to refine, but also because they left no side effects or impurities when consumed.

’That guy is like an insatiable beast in bed... and to think he actually used flawless-grade pills for something like that... such extravagance.’

Even now, despite being tossed and turned all night, both under and above Li Feng.... she didn’t feel any fatigue at all.

On the contrary, she even felt somewhat refreshed.

Unbeknownst to his wife’s thoughts, Chief Zhou smiled sheepishly, but soon noticed a dark, sleek collar around her neck. So he asked curiously,

"What’s that on your neck?"

Madam Yan’s thoughts returned as her fingers brushed lightly over the collar’s smooth texture.

Her body trembled slightly as a certain memory flashed in her mind.

But she quickly smiled, showing no sign of suspicion, and replied,

"Oh, this? It’s a gift from Young Master Li for your treasured wine. He said he felt bad for drinking such amazing wine, so he left this as a gift for me. Apparently, it’s made of very precious material and can serve as a lucky charm."

Hearing this, Chief Zhou chuckled.

"Haha, Young Master Li didn’t need to do that. I was the one who invited him, after all. But he sure has good taste, it looks quite nice on you, Shuqin."

Madam Yan’s smile twitched slightly, but she just nodded. "...Yes, he’s really kind."

Chief Zhou, completely clueless about the meaning behind her words, turned his gaze toward the shining morning light and said,

"It seems we should prepare to head off soon. Well then, I’ll go and check on the preparations."

With those words, he walked out of the tent with his usual cheerfulness.

Madam Yan, who was left alone, finally let out a hot sigh as the blush returned to her face.

It was because of the warmth liquid pooling inside her belly, which seemed to be a constant reminder of the kind of debauched things she had done last night.

Yet she still smiled, believing that she was one step closer to her dream.

Now she just had to wait for her investment in Li Feng to mature, and the return should be lucrative.

As for if Li Feng failed to become stronger? She never had that thought, as she always believed in her own judgment.

And if by some chance he did fail, even just with his status as an alchemist, he would still be useful for her.

’...The only problem is, by the time the investment return comes, who knows how many times I am going to be filled...’

Madam Yan thought, softly patting her belly as she took out a pill bottle from her sleeve.

It was a flawless-grade sleeping pill that Li Feng had given her before he left.

"..."

-

-

Meanwhile,

Li Feng, with a refreshed face, started walking back from the forest toward the campsite.

He had already left Chief Zhou’s tent a few hours ago.

With his strength and speed, no one could even catch a glimpse of him if he wanted to sneak around but he pretend to wandered around the camp perimeter for a bit.

It was because he wanted an excuse if someone asked where he had gone last night.

Then he could simply say that after having dinner with Chief Zhou, he had felt responsible for the camp’s safety and had patrolled the surrounding area all night.

"Hehe... never imagined I’d manage to get such an obedient cat on this trip," he grinned lewdly, thinking about the seductive figure from last night.

He had put in so much effort and used a lot of ’essence’ while spending the entire night teaching her everything about how a good kitty should behave.

Soon his eyes brightened as he saw Goldie standing guard beside a tent that seemed to be prepared for him and his senior sister.

"Good morning," Li Feng greeted Goldie with a knowing smile.

"..." Goldie just remained silent.

Then Li Feng walked into the tent with a bright smile, only to freeze as he was greeted by Fen Ziyan, standing there with her arms crossed under her prominent chest.

"...Where did you go last night?" she asked coldly with a frown, as she was waiting for him all night yet he didn’t come.

After cleaning his little brother last night in the forest with her mouth, after Li Feng was satisfied with his treatment, they returned toward the camp. But after she came in, Li Feng didn’t come.

She knew Li Feng wasn’t satisfied with just those short indulgences in the forest, so she had already somewhat prepared herself to spread her legs again and experience another storm of pleasure.

And remained waiting for him, but in the end he only returned just now.

Hearing his senior sister’s sulking tone, Li Feng didn’t seem scared as he casually replied,

"Oh, last night I was patrolling the surrounding camp."

Fen Ziyan tilted her head when she heard this, and give him a weird look. "Why would you do that? Isn’t that the guard duty?"

Li Feng’s face suddenly turned solemn and serious as he replied righteously, "Senior sister, it’s because since I have accepted this quest to protect them, I will give 120% of my best in order to ensure their safety..."

Then he smiled softly again, his gaze tender as he looked at Fen Ziyan. "...And I also wanted you to rest too, and didn’t want to interrupt your meditation."

Fen Ziyan, who had heard the first part of his words, nodded and couldn’t help but think Li Feng was truly serious despite his perverted nature. But her heart softened at his last words.

"...You don’t need to do that," she said softly, lowering her gaze.

She couldn’t help but feel like a selfish and narrow-minded person after hearing Li Feng’s consideration for her.

....Yet she didn’t seem to realize that it was also Li Feng’s fault in the first place that she never had the chance to meditate at all during the night ever since she moved in with him.

Li Feng, seeing a chance, decided to strike while the iron was hot, so he grabbed Fen Ziyan’s small, delicate hand and continued,

"So that’s why, senior sister,.... I will do my best to restrain my desire during the night so you can cultivate. I don’t want to cause your cultivation to stagnate."

Hearing his concerned tone, Fen Ziyan couldn’t bare to meet his eyes as she softly replied with a hint of bitterness, "...There’s no need to be so considerate... after all, I’m still stuck in my bottleneck..."

Li Feng noticed the sudden insecure tone and frowned.

He then grabbed her cheek, and turned her head to look him in the eyes, and said solemnly,

"Senior sister, have you forgotten my promise!? Believe in me, and I will make sure your bottleneck is broken. And as a cultivator, even if the walls are high, we must never give up! Small as it may seem, at least it is progress."

Hearing his solemn and caring words, Fen Ziyan’s eyes brightened and teared up at Li Feng’s encouragement, but she held back her tears, not wanting to appear weak in front of him.

So she clenched her fist and said resolutely,

"You’re right, junior brother. As cultivators seeking the Great Dao, we mustn’t let such a small obstacles affect us. I, Fen Ziyan, will one day surpass everyone!"

But beneath the surface, even though she now wore a resolute and bright expression, she felt a little empty for some reason, knowing she wouldn’t get Li Feng’s attention at night.

Seeing Fen Ziyan’s prideful and cheerful expression, Li Feng smiled and cleared his throat lightly.

"...Ahem, And senior sister, it would be great if you let me enjoy some...mortal indulgence with you in the morning, since it’s pretty boring during the carriage ride..."

Fen Ziyan, who was feeling the emptiness in her chest, heard this and smiled even brighter.

And she lifted her chin and patted her chest.

"Don’t worry! As your reliable senior sister, just let me know when you need my body to help release your desire!"

Li Feng, seeing the happy Fen Ziyan, grinned lewdly inside.

’Great... now I get to enjoy a proud senior sister in the morning and a cute kitty at night... it would be great if I manage to train a dog too...’