Chapter 46: Offer

The Azure Moon Sect’s outer square was filled with noise and excitement. Dozens of disciples had already gathered around the towering stone pillars that served as the registration stands for the Sect Tournament.

Today was the Outer Sect Tournament. This event decided not only rankings but also the sect’s resource rewards and prestige. To the Outer Sect disciples, it was a chance to prove themselves before Elders, and perhaps even attract the attention of the Sect Leader.

Li Feng strolled into the plaza, his expression calm as ever, but his eyes shimmered with interest. The crowd buzzed around him, disciples boasting, some whispering nervously, others frantically trying to find their seat.

"Li Feng!"

Lin Yu waved from near the front, excitement on his face. "Over here! I saved us a spot to sit."

Li Feng smirked faintly and walked over. "Oh, Senior Brother Lin, you’re not participating?"

Lin Yu coughed lightly. "Well... this Senior Brother is still a bit lacking in cultivation, so I don’t want to embarrass myself."

"Is there a cultivation restriction?" Li Feng tilted his head curiously.

"No. Anyone confident can participate. But usually only those at the 7th realm and above of Qi Refinement choose to join." Lin Yu smiled with a bitter tint. He didn’t add that he didn’t want to get one-shot in front of so many people.

"Eh? Then what’s your current cultivation, Senior Brother?"

Hearing Li Feng’s question, Lin Yu pretended to cough again. "Ahem, I’m currently at the peak of the 6th realm. I’m confident I’ll break through soon."

Li Feng gave a knowing smile. He already guessed why Lin Yu wasn’t joining this time.

And then he felt a few glances at him and his waist where he hung the alchemist guild badge. He turned to see a group of all kinds of people that seemed to be not sect disciples but guests from outside.

Seeing Li Feng staring in that direction, Lin Yu turned and explained, "Those are cultivation families from outside who come to watch. Usually they try to invest in some outstanding disciple or... try to find a good talent disciple to leave their descendant behind with one of their family members. Some of them are even declining cultivation families, so they quite urgently need to have some genius in their family."

Li Feng’s eyes brightened. He remembered what Lin Yu had told him before about this practice during their trip to Cloudveil City. I get paid, get a free meal, and don’t even need to worry about child support? What a great world to live in.

Lin Yu lowered his voice further. "And... it seems some of them are interested in you. Or rather, your talent as an alchemist."

Li Feng chuckled. "Well, talent has to be shared, doesn’t it?"

Just as his words ended, someone headed his way.

A mature woman in an elegant violet robe and a young woman who appeared to be around Yue Lan’s age approached him.

The mature women face still carried the beauty of her youth, refined and dignified with a mature charm. Her violent robe hung tightly onto her body and reveal a very shapely curve and her full, heavy breasts pressed insistently against the fabric, bouncing slightly with each step.

At her side stood a young girl, barely past sixteen or seventeen, nervously clutching her sleeves. She was pretty, bright eyes, fair skin, and a slender figure that hinted at curves still ripening.

"Esteemed Sir..." The woman bowed gracefully, her voice soft and respectful. "I apologize for disturbing your peace." A soft fragrance drift with her movement.

Li Feng lifted an eyebrow. "Mm? What is it?" while his eyes couldn’t help but stare at those big mature breasts.

The woman gave a practiced smile. "My name is Zhu Yin, and this is my daughter Zhu Bai. I come from a nearby city and if you don’t mind, would you be willing to spend some time with my daughter?" She then gently pushed her daughter forward. "This is my daughter. She has just come of age, her body still pure and untouched. Our family... wishes to secure a strong future. We believe a seed from one as gifted as yourself would be a priceless blessing."

In this world, people believed that a pure, untouched body had a higher chance of getting pregnant easier, so that’s why for this kind of practice they always offered a pure virgin.

So direct! Li Feng’s eyes widened at this, but it was a welcoming surprise.

Li Feng didn’t know that it was quite the norm here, since these cultivation families only valued talent. Mortal values like marriage or love were of little importance—at most, they were face value for the outside. To them, the untalented children of the clan became nothing but tools for a possible chance of birthing another talented child.

The girl’s face burned red as her mother continued, almost like she was describing fine goods at a market. But she knew that as someone who lived off the family’s resources, it was time she contributed in some way. And it wasn’t like she was being forced either—the family would generously reward her if she managed to get pregnant. Even if not, she could still receive a handsome reward for contributing to the family, enough to live comfortably for the rest of her mortal life.

Li Feng’s lips twitched upward. Inside, he was laughing. So they really came knocking on my door with a virgin sacrifice... this world never disappoints..

His eyes drifted over the girl openly, the smooth skin of her neck, the way her robes couldn’t hide her swelling chest, her slender waist and the gentle swell of her hips that hinted at a shapely, growing peach. She trembled under his gaze, biting her lip, but said nothing.

’This ...look appetizing’, Li Feng inwardly grin.

But on the outside, he put on a troubled look. "This is no small matter... to give my seed so carelessly... hm, Madam Zhu, I’m not sure I can accept."

Madam Zhu hurriedly explained, "Of course, this won’t be for free. For taking your precious time, we will pay you with spirit stones handsomely." Her family was currently declining since they hadn’t had any talented child born in their family for so long. Even though Li Feng was an alchemist, she still thought alchemy talent was even more precious than cultivation talent, as even at her family’s peak they didn’t have a single alchemist among their ranks. So far, no alchemist had accepted their family’s offer, as most alchemists were extremely fanatic toward pursuing higher levels, spending most of their time in front of the cauldron. And nurturing an alchemist without talent was like burning spirit stones.

Li Feng pretended to struggle, as if he was very reluctant, then glanced to Lin Yu. "Senior Brother Lin, what do you think?"

Lin Yu, who had been quietly watching the scene, smiled and shook his head. "Well, it’s up to you. But to be honest, I advise you to spend more time watching the matches, as it is very beneficial toward your cultivation when seeing different battles."

"When will the matches start?" Li Feng thought and asked.

"In a few hours," Lin Yu looked at the stage and answered.

Li Feng smiled inwardly, but on the outside he kept his troubled face and sigh, "Madam, since you are so sincere... then I accept the condition."

Hearing this, Madam Zhu sighed in relief. Li Feng, seeing the small jiggle of that ample chest, grinned and added, "But on one condition..."

The mature Madam Zhu froze and asked hesitantly, "... What might that be?"

Li Feng smiled and pointed at the mature beauty. "I want to spend my time with both of you."

Madam Zhu opened her eyes wide and couldn’t help but look at Li Feng with a strange expression. She had thought Li Feng might want more benefits or precious pills but this...

She couldn’t help but confirm, "Esteemed sir, this... is a bit too much for us to afford." Madam Zhu was thinking that Li Feng would ask for two-person payment, and for her this wasn’t a good deal. The family was only willing to spend spirit stones for the pure and untalented child. As a virgin, her daughter had a much higher chance of getting pregnant than she did, who was already married and no longer pure. Plus, she was also a cultivator, and union between cultivators made it even harder to get pregnant.

Seeing her struggle, Li Feng smiled and added, "Don’t worry, I won’t ask for two-person price."

The mature woman blinked at this. If what he said was true, then she was the one with more benefit in the end. Even though union between cultivators made it hard to get pregnant, it was never a zero chance. If she was lucky, she might even get two in one deal. Still, she couldn’t help but ask again, "Sir... I don’t mean to doubt you, but this deal... is kind of disadvantageous for you, isn’t it?"

Even though it was a great deal for her, it was quite a losing deal for Li Feng because he would be wasting twice his yang essence, so she couldn’t help but wonder why.

Li Feng put on a sad face and spoke righteously while holding her hand. "Madam, it’s because your effort moved me. I know it’s not easy for a woman like you to travel so far here alone with your daughter. From this I know you and your family are also facing a lot of hardship back at home... so I want to help you."

The pair of mother and daughter couldn’t help but become quite moved upon hearing this. They couldn’t help but think, even though this alchemist looked quite shady, he actually had such a generous heart.

But Lin Yu beside them just rolled his eyes. He knew that this junior brother of his still hadn’t detached himself from mortal indulgence and lamented. Ah, such a talent, such a waste.

For a long moment, silence hung in the air. Then Madam Zhu exhaled slowly and nodded gratefully. "... Very well. The sect has provided guest quarters for us. How about we go back and discuss this further... in private."

Li Feng’s smile widened.

"Alright." Li Feng released her hand and told Lin Yu, "Senior Brother Lin, I will be back soon after I’m done finishing the... discussion."

Then his gaze lingered on the mother’s curves before sliding to the daughter’s trembling figure. His grin turned wicked. "Lead the way."

Seeing this, Lin Yu knew his advice was useless and just said helplessly, "You should finish quick before the tournament begins."

Then Li Feng put his hands on both the mother and daughter’s waists and walked toward their quarters.