Chapter 80: Li Feng’s Strenght (2)

Li Feng smiled in satisfaction as he stood facing the bandit leader, having just figured out that he could even use the Overpowered Brick as a means of transport.

All he had to do was throw it and then enter its pocket space.

During the flight, he also noticed that he could observe the surroundings outside through his connection with the brick and even change its direction if he wished.

The best thing about this is that even without being thrown by him, it can still fly on its own. However, since it isn’t strong enough yet, the overpowered brick’s flight speed is quite slow.

Still, for short distances like this, Li Feng can simply throw it, tell it the target, and once it lands, he can just leave it there after.

’It seems I’ll have to direct some of my passive star energy into the brick to let it cultivate,’ Li Feng thought, realizing the endless potential of the brick.

He didn’t consider it a waste to direct a small portion of his passive star energy into it as at this rate, the overpowered brick might soon become his indestructible all-purpose transport.

Just as he was lost in thought, a cracked, nervous voice pulled his attention back.

"P-Please don’t kill me!"

The scarred bandit raised both hands in surrender, his face twisted with fear.

Li Feng smiled faintly as he walked toward him, casually storing the brick back into his soul.

"You bandits sure have a lot of guts, robbing a caravan this close to the city," he said, his tone calm as he approached the bandit leader step by step.

"I-I didn’t want to do this either! Y-Yes! I was hired! Someone told me to come rob you!"

Li Feng’s steps slowed, a strange smile appearing on his face.

"Oh? What do you mean by that?" he asked lightly.

Sensing a glimmer of hope, the scarred bandit straightened up slightly and tried to bargain for his life.

"If I tell you this, then you must promise to spare me!"

Li Feng thought for a moment, then nodded casually. "Sure, I’ll spare your life."

Seeing this, the scarred bandit leader’s face relaxed into a relieved smile as he let out a long sigh.

"T-That... I don’t know who they were, but a group of masked people suddenly came to find me. They told me to attack your caravan—to lure out a female cultivator."

Li Feng frowned. A female cultivator? There was only one that fit that description—his senior sister, Fen Ziyan.

"Why did they want to lure her out?" he asked, his tone turning colder.

The scarred bandit scratched his head awkwardly, his expression stiff.

"That... I’m not sure either. They just said to lure her to a certain place. I don’t know what they wanted from her."

Li Feng fell silent for a moment, his thoughts deep. Who would suddenly come after Fen Ziyan and why?

’It seems I’ll need to talk to Senior Sister about this.’

Then he asked another question,

"Where did they tell you to lure her to?"

The scarred bandit hurriedly replied,

"I know! It’s in that direction-" he said, quickly explaining the details of the location.

Li Feng nodded after hearing him out.

But just as he was about to finish him off, the scarred bandit’s nervous voice called out again.

"O-Oh Great Immortal, they... they actually left me something! Maybe it’s a clue for you!"

Li Feng looked at him with a faint smile. "Really? Show me."

He stepped closer, leaning slightly toward the trembling man.

"Here it is..." The scarred bandit slowly pulled something from his sleeve.

But the next instant, a puff of black sand burst out, hurling straight toward Li Feng’s eyes.

"Ah-?!" Li Feng let out a startled cry, instinctively cover his eyes in pain and flailing his arms like a blind chicken.

The scarred bandit leader, seeing this, grinned menacingly, took out an exquisite black dagger, and immediately plunging it toward Li Feng’s defenseless neck.

"Hahaha, die, you bastard!"

He was someone who never left his life in another person’s hands, and he also knew that Li Feng would not spare him after learning all the information.

So, he told the truth while acting weak and submissive, giving himself a chance for a comeback.

This kind of trick worked very well against those so-called righteous and naive people, and it was also how he managed to trick those rich and sheltered kids and make them cry under his crotch.

Just as he was about to celebrate another victory...

CLANG!

His smile froze as the dagger in his hand hadn’t even managed to pierce Li Feng’s skin.

It felt as though he was actually trying to pierce thick iron, and not just ordinary iron either.

"What’s going on!? Where are you!?" Li Feng continued shouting in panic while covering his eyes.

The scarred bandit, seeing this, gritted his teeth hard and started trying to stab again and again.

CLANG!CLANG!CLANG!

"Stop! No--Ahhahahahaha."

Li Feng, who had panicked just a moment ago, started to laugh as if he were having fun.

He was already sensing the bandit leader’s killing intent with his sharp senses, but he just wanted to play along a bit.

Hearing his laughter, the scarred bandit leader’s face darkened, and he jumped back to create some distance.

Li Feng casually wiped the sand from his eye and opened it.

"So, what do you think of my acting? Pretty convincing, right?"

Hearing the teasing tone, the scarred bandit leader’s face grew even darker as he slowly backed away.

"How are you not affected by that black sand?" he asked, his tone full of questions.

It wasn’t ordinary sand....it was an alchemy product he had bought from the black market.

Even though it wouldn’t kill an enemy, most Qi Refinement cultivators would have their eyes disabled by it, as he had already tested it.

Yet Li Feng remained completely unaffected, looking as if it were just ordinary dirt that had gotten into his eye.

This made the scarred bandit leader feel a twinge of trepidation in his heart.

"Oh? I just blinked and it all dissolved. Doesn’t seem to be anything special," Li Feng said casually.

He didn’t sense any danger from the bandit, which is why he decided to play along a bit and also to test his body’s defenses.

And the result truly wasn’t a disappointment.

Swish!

With the sound of the wind, the black dagger in the scarred bandit leader’s hand disappeared.

Li Feng was now holding it, examining the exquisite dark-ink dagger that seem like it doesn’t belong to a bandit.

"This is actually a high-grade Rank 1 artifact? Wow, you sure are rich."

The scarred bandit leader broke into a cold sweat as he hadn’t even seen Li Feng move, yet his dagger had been silently taken.

Suddenly, he knelt down and began begging for his life.

"Oh, Great Immortal! I was so blind for trying this... Please give me a second chance! I swear I won’t do it again!"

Tears and snot started to spill from his face.

Li Feng, seeing this pitiful posture, didn’t seem to care whether it was genuine or just an act, as he swirled the black dagger in his hand.

Then he noticed a small name inscribed on the dagger’s handle.

"Mu Xiaorui...?" he murmured, reading it aloud.

The scarred bandit leader froze when he realized Li Feng had seen the name on the handle.

Li Feng’s light mood began to dull after seeing the name.

This was probably some young lady’s weapon that had been stolen by the bandit.

Judging by the family name, she was likely a well-off girl from a wealthy family.

He didn’t need to guess the kind of fate that awaited her after falling into the bandit’s hands, and for some reason, it made him feel quite displeased.

Maybe it was because he also love women, that’s why just by imagining the dagger owner’s ill fate greatly displeased him.

Sensing Li Feng’s change in mood, the bandit leader hurriedly opened his mouth.

"Please! I can explain—"

Slash!Plap!

A flash appeared before he could finish his sentence, and on the ground lay his severed fingers.

"AHHH!"

The scarred bandit leader screamed in pain, clutching his hand as blood continued to spill out.

"P-Please...!" he tried to beg, but another slash came, and his other five fingers were cut cleanly.

"AHHH...!"

Li Feng just watched with an empty expression, holding the bloody dagger.

He didn’t particularly enjoy torturing others, but for some reason, he really wanted to use this dagger to make the man suffer a little.

"Y-You...! I surrender..! You can’t kill me..."

The scarred bandit leader frantically tried to crawl backward, but did so clumsily because of his missing fingers.

Li Feng walked slowly, matching his crawling step by step, saying nothing with the black dagger still in his hand.

"Hik... hikk... please, I don’t want to die..."

And then Li Feng raised the dagger high.

Slash!

The scarred bandit leader’s head fell to the ground.

His eyes were wide open, tears and snot still streaking his face, with a mixture of fear and twisted anger.

Li Feng silently stared at the scene, then looked down at the black dagger in his hand.

"...Hmm."

He placed it into the pocket space in the brick, then turned his head toward the direction the scarred bandit leader had indicated, where they were planning to lure Fen Ziyan to.