Chapter 156: Perfect Body

Hearing his shameless words, Lan Suyao sneered. "Three. I’ll only do three. This is already wasting a lot of my time."

Li Feng nodded, feigning a touch of disappointment. "Three it is, then..."

Lan Suyao slowly allowed her breasts to spill forward, leaning down and swallowing his little brother into her small mouth once more.

Slurp...

Before she could move further, his hand gently grasped her head.

"...?" She looked up, her mouth open wide and still full of his little brother, as a flicker of curiosity in her eyes.

"Hehe, relax and let me do it my way... it’ll be faster," Li Feng grinned, guiding her head and positioning himself.

Hearing this, Lan Suyao thought and nodded

’Well, if it’s faster, then it would be even better.’

Then she slowly loosening her neck, and letting Li Feng control her head.

Slowly, Li Feng’s hand guided her head up and down, treating it like a toy.

He started slow, then picked up speed, treating her more like a tool for his pleasure than an almighty cultivator, shaking her head with growing intensity.

Glup...

Glup...

Glup...

"Ahh~ ...Ugh~"

Knowing that as a Foundation-stage cultivator, her body was extremely tough, and not to mention that she seemed indifferent or doesn’t care at all about the mortal indulgence, Li Feng allowed himself to be rough and just enjoy himself.

Glup!

Glup!

Glup!

Soon, wet, slurping sounds echoed lewdly as the head beneath his hand bobbed up and down frantically.

Despite the frantic motion, Lan Suyao remained unfazed.

Her eyes remained calm and clear as she let him do whatever he wanted, as her mind was already elsewhere, replaying the battle they’d just fought and analyzing his strength alongside her own.

’...Come to think of it, that kind of raw strength shouldn’t be possible with his cultivation. No matter how strong a body is, there’s always some limit to what it can endure and contain... Could it be that his body is special?’

Lan Suyao’s eyes glinted ever so slightly as the thought crossed her mind, even as she felt that hard thing moving in and out of her mouth.

Meanwhile above her,

Li Feng’s breathing have grew rough as he looked down at her aloof, calm perfect face in his hand that currently have his little brother going in and out of her small mouth.

"Haaa... Haa..."

Glup...

Glup...

Glup...

’Dammit... this is insane.’

He swallowed hard, as a strange mixture of twisted pleasure and intense, overwhelming pleasure coursing through him.

Soon, his toes curled and his legs twitched.

After shaking her head wildly one last time, he pushed her head hard until her soft lips touched the base of his groin.

Spurt!

"Ugh!"

Li Feng grunted as he ejaculate without restraint, while thrusting his waist upward and keeping a firm grip on her head.

Lan Suyao, who has her face pressed directly against his groin, also felt the warm liquid slowly fill her throat.

She glanced slightly upward, but couldn’t see anything.

’...It seems he’s really enjoying himself.’

Lan Suyao thought calmly, as she could feel his excitement through the twitching length currently in her throat.

Her eyes remained calm and aloof, as her delicate neck, which seemed to bulge slightly, start making a swallowing motion.

gulp...

gulp...

After a few minutes had passed, Li Feng finally relaxed and exhaled in relief.

He didn’t even notice the small drool leaking from the corner of his lip as he glanced down at the head still buried deep within his groin.

"Phew~Damn, this is amazing... is it really because of the difference in realms?"

He murmured, as he felt the difference and still feeling his desire rising even more.

Slowly, he pulled her head back as he felt his little brother slowly leaving that tight and wet space.

Plop.

Lan Suyao, with her lips stained slightly with translucent liquid, suddenly opened her mouth and said.

"It’s probably so."

She had heard his murmurs just now, and then wiped her lips before explaining.

"Qi Refinement and Foundation are fundamentally different stages," Lan Suyao said calmly. "Your body reacts to stimulation based on the strength and capacity of mine. At Qi Refinement, most bodies have limits, and they can’t handle much."

Then she gazed at her flawless, delicate hand, and feeling the strength coursing beneath her skin, continued.

"But my body... it’s already honed beyond the Qi Refinement level, and its mortal form perfected to an even higher degree.....you could even say that we are no longer truly a mortal as our insides are filled with pure, refined spiritual energy."

Lan Suyao paused as she glanced at the wet, large hardened length in front of her,

"...It’s meant to make sensing the Dao and absorbing spiritual energy easier, but perhaps as a byproduct... it becomes even more potent when used for mortal indulgence. That’s why the sensations you feel now are far stronger than what you would experience with someone at Qi Refinement."

After finishing her words, Lan Suyao couldn’t help but let out a small, amused smile.

’It seems I’ve learned something new again.’

But just then, she seemed to realize something and frowned.

’Then why did the Dao allow us to control our mortal desires at all. Could it be ... a test?’

Lan Suyao’s thoughts began to wander as she sank into contemplation.

And Li Feng, finally understanding the source of this strangely overwhelming pleasure, swallowed again, and couldn’t help but thoughts,

’If it’s really like this, then a Foundation cultivator is already this incredible... what about Golden Core or even Nascent Soul?’

Slowly, his ambition to become stronger grew even more intense as he resolved to uncover that mystery.

Li Feng then snapped out of his daydream and looked at the gorgeous woman below him.

’Ah... the future is the future. For now, I just have to enjoy the present.’

He grinned as he squeezed both of her soft cheeks with one hand, bringing her face closer and tilting it around to admire her perfect features.

Seeing his lewd expression up close, Lan Suyao also snapped out of her thoughts and said calmly,

"That’s two. Let’s hurry and finish your last use."

Li Feng simply grinned.

"Ah, no rush. I’ll be done soon."

He then stood up and immediately brought out a bed, placing it in the middle of the old room.

Seeing the bed, Lan Suyao frowned and said coldly,

"We only agreed to use my mouth, not my body. Don’t push your luck too far, junior brother."

Li Feng turned to look at her innocently.

"Eh? I never intended to push my luck, senior. This is just... another way of using your mouth."

Hearing this, Lan Suyao looked at the bed again, wondering what Li Feng meant.

Then, as if answering her thoughts, Li Feng grabbed her arm, and dragged her toward the bed.

Lan Suyao didn’t resist, curious about how Li Feng intended to use her mouth next.

’It seems there are so many ways of using a mouth for mortal pleasure...’ she thought inwardly.

Li Feng then pushed her body onto the bed.

Thump

Seeing her bare, large, perfect white breasts bounce slightly, Li Feng grinned as he began adjusting her body position.

After he was done, Li Feng smiled in satisfaction and removed his robe as he slowly moved into position.

"This..."

Lan Suyao, now lying on her back with her head resting at the edge of the bed, upside down, finally saw Li Feng’s legs directly in front of her face.

"Senior, please open your mouth."

He grinned lewdly as he looked at her voluptuous body lying on the bed, those large shapely breasts still spilling from her robe, alluringly drooping to both side.

Lan Suyao finally seemed to understand his intention, but since it was still only her mouth, she casually opened her soft, small lips.

Seeing this, Li Feng lowered himself slightly, aiming as he guided his little brother into those enticing lips.

Squelch...

"Hoo~"

He sighed in pleasure again as that familiar, amazing wet sensation returned.

Then he grasped her large breasts with both hands, his fingers sinking deep into the soft flesh.

With this position, now he could use her mouth while also playing with her breasts at the same time.

’...It’s almost feel like I’m using her lower mouth as well.’

He grinned lewdly, imagining her large breasts as soft peaches and her mouth as a welcoming wet cave.

Slowly, he began to move his waist.

Plap...

Plap...

Plap...

Then, unexpectedly, a flesh colliding sound echoed out—

Not from his hips, but from his pair of balls hitting her perfect face.

Soon, his movements grew rougher and rougher as he focused entirely on his own pleasure.

His hands sank deeply into her breasts, not because he was cruel, but because he knew she didn’t feel anything, as her body was simply too strong and tough.

"Haaa! Haa! ...I knew it. These women cultivators bodies... are made to be enjoyed like this!"

Li Feng, overwhelmed by the intense and twisted pleasure, couldn’t help but think that as he continue to move his waist frantically.

Glup...

Glup...

Glup..

Lan Suyao, being used roughly below, simply closed her eyes as if meditating, hoping Li Feng would finish soon, as she didn’t want to waste any more time on this.

Then Li Feng hands, which had sunk deeply into her soft breasts, slowly leaned back out, and those breasts immediately returned to their curvy, shapely form.

Without slowing his waist, he pinched those stiff pink beads and pulled them upward, creating an amazing sight.

Now,

Overwhelmed by the intense pleasure from below and the view in front of him, Li Feng praised silently in his heart.

’Dammit... they’re perfect for me! I love you so much, Dao!!’

He smiled and sighed as he continue to toyed and played with her large and perfect soft breasts.

Soon, feeling himself about to erupt, he dug all ten fingers into her soft flesh and thrust harder and rougher.

Plap!

Plap!

Plap!

Spurt!

Lan Suyao, who had been keeping her eyes closed, opened them slightly, sensing that Li Feng had finished another round as she sense his hard length twitching and releasing its hot liquid in her throat.

Once again, she began to calmly swallow all of it.

Gulp...Gulp...Gulp...

After releasing for a while, Li Feng finally leaned back, his legs weakening as he sat down on the floor, completely naked.

"Ahh~ that was awesome."

He sighed in pleasure, and grinning as he looked at Lan Suyao’s upside-down face, with her black hair cascading down beautifully.

"That’s three," Lan Suyao said calmly, as a drop of translucent liquid spilling from the corner of her lips.

Then she slowly sat up and glanced down at her white breasts, which now have a faint red mark of a palm from his rough grip.

Without much reaction, Lan Suyao calmly pulled up her robe and began to tucked that generous white flesh back inside.

She then cast a cleansing spell.

A soft light surrounded her body, and moments later—

The cold, refined, and feared City Lord returned to her usual pristine state.

She glanced at Li Feng, who was still sitting on the floor, naked, his gaze lingering lewdly on her.

"Now that we’re done... how about I tell you what I need?"

Her beautiful, aloof voice echoed softly through the quiet room.

Yet for some reason, Li Feng didn’t feel the same distance from her voice as before.

It was still cold, still detached... but subtly different.

As if they had grown a little closer.

As if she had finally... acknowledged him and was looking at him properly now.