Chapter 164: Diligent.

Inside a luxurious mansion, within a beautiful garden ...

"Haa!... Ha...!"

A little girl can be seen, she appeared to be around twelve years old while dressed in a cute yet lavish hanfu.

Her dark purple-tinted hair bounced as she ran along the terrace, as a bright smile lighting up her face while she clutched a small book.

Her smile widened even more when she spotted her mother, chatting with a group of female friends in the distance.

"Mother—"

But her steps faltered when she overheard something and unconsciously, she hid behind a pillar.

"Ah , Little Mu is certainly beautiful, but compared to Princess Fen , she seems a bit lacking."

One of the women spoke aloud and everyone there nodded in agreement.

"I heard Princess Fen has already managed to draw spiritual qi into her body .... Her talent in cultivation is amazing."

Everyone praised Princess Fen, the youngest princess, that now famous for both her beauty and her extraordinary talent.

Mu Qingyao’s mother, bearing a striking resemblance to her daughter with the same dark-purple-tinted hair, though far more mature, had been listening in silence.

Clad in a luxurious robe and wearing an ornate jade hairpin, she finally opened her mouth.

"Indeed , Princess Fen is truly a once-in-a-thousand-years genius. Comparing her to my daughter is like comparing a mortal to an immortal."

Her tone was neutral, but a faint hint of disappointment lingered if one paid close attention.

"Haha, well .... Little Mu is truly unlucky. She would have become the youngest prodigy of our dynasty if she weren’t born in the same generation as Princess Fen." one of the women teased lightly.

Mu Qingyao, hiding behind the pillar, felt her small hands tremble as she gripped her book tighter, as if it were the only thing comforting her heart.

Her bright purple eyes, usually full of curiosity and joy now glistened with confusion and doubt.

"Unlucky... mortal... ?" she whispered to herself.

Her gaze darted toward her mother, who still smiled politely, but the faint shadow of disappointment in her eyes made Mu Qingyao’s heart ache.

She pressed herself closer to the pillar, suddenly feeling very small in the vast, sunlit garden.

The laughter and chatter of the ladies, so carefree and confident, echoed around her, amplifying her sense of inferiority.

’If only I could... be like Princess Fen...’

Her small chest tightened as a flicker of admiration bloomed within her.

But her innocent heart froze at her mother’s next words:

"If I could, I wouldn’t have given birth to her at the same time Princess Fen was born. It truly tarnishes the reputation of my Mu Family to be this weak."

All the women glanced at each other upon hearing this.

After all, it was an open secret that the Imperial Fen family and the Mu family were at odds in secret as one always trying to keep the other down.

Capitalizing on the talent Princess Fen had displayed, the emperor deliberately spread her fame throughout the court, quietly using it to eroding Prime Minister Mu’s influence while elevating the prestige of the imperial family.

Of course, these were matters between the two families, and someone small like them would dare not intervene.

Then, the women soon resumed their conversation, unaware of the little girl hidden behind the pillar had disappeared.

Only a book lay on the floor.

.... a book containing a beautifully newly written poem.

’If I shine a little more,’

’will Mother smile?’

_

_

_

Mu Qingyao slowly opened her eyes and frowned, as a deep sense of discomfort washing over her.

It came both from the dream she had just awakened from ... and from the sticky, unpleasant state of her body, as if it were covered in dried residue.

She slowly sat up while clutching her head.

"Ugh... that stupid dream again."

Her mother’s words lingered like a haunting nightmare, as it kept endlessly resurfacing to torment her over and over.

"Hehe ... but don’t worry, Mother. I’ll become even better than Fen Ziyan."

Recalling the scene she had watched through the recording stone, a satisfied smile spread across her face.

It grew even wider at the thought of the next time Li Feng brought back the humiliation she so eagerly wanted Fen Ziyan to suffer.

But then she frowned as she finally felt that hot liquid pooling inside her.

Its warmth was a constant reminder that she had been used by a man.

Looking down past her large white breasts, now stained with dried white translucent liquid, she opened her delicate legs slightly and saw that the white liquid still continued to flow out from her cave.

Squelch...

"Disgusting..."

Mu Qingyao sneered and murmured.

She then cast a cleansing spell and her naked body bathed in soft light.

Once done, she finally let out a sigh of relief.

Still, .... she wanted a proper bath as she could still feel that lingering heat inside her.

Slowly, she got off the bed and stood up—

But almost immediately, her knees buckled and she collapsed to the floor.

Drip...

Drip...

Mu Qingyao looked down in confusion at her weakened legs and at the persistent trickle between them.

"Bastard."

She cursed as she remembered the face of that shameless men responsible for this, then she just decided to slowly crawled toward the bath.

... Along the way, a trail of translucent white liquid continued to mark the floor.

_

_

_

Li Feng, still on his way back to his place suddenly noticed a figure in the distance.

The figure smiled and waved, running toward him.

"Ah ! Junior Brother Li !"

It was Lin Yu, the handsome senior brother who had helped him explore Cloudveil City.

Seeing that familiar and handsome face brought a smile to Li Feng’s own lips.

It had been nearly a month since they last saw each other.

’And it seems he have broken through too.’

Li Feng could also sense that Lin Yu was now at the 7th realm of Qi Refinement.

"Congratulations on your breakthrough, Senior Brother Lin. " Li Feng said, clasping his hands in a formal gesture of respect.

Lin Yu smiled happily at the compliment.

"Haha , I just emerged from seclusion after my breakthrough. Didn’t expect to meet you first."

But then he froze slightly, sensing Li Feng’s cultivation aura.

With his hand shaking, he pointed at Li Feng in shock.

"J-Junior Brother... you’re at the 8th Realm of Qi Refinement ?!"

Lin Yu still remembered Li Feng being only at the 4th realm before he entered seclusion.

’It’s only been a month ! How did his cultivation advance so fast??’

Li Feng smiled sheepishly and flexed his muscles in a manly pose.

"Haha, I just discovered I have quite a talent for body tempering. Ever since I switched techniques, it’s... just happened."

Lin Yu stared, stunned, finally taking in the muscular, imposing figure of Li Feng.

He now look completely different from the man he had first met.

"I-I see... I’m glad you found your path, Junior—no... Senior Brother Li."

At that last correction, Lin Yu’s expression soured slightly.

After all, he now had to call Li Feng "Senior Brother," since Li Feng’s strength had surpassed his own.

But then determination burned in his eyes.

’No, this cannot stand! I have to reclaim my seniority !’

Lin Yu resolved to take quests outside tomorrow and temper himself.

He even forgot to ask Li Feng about Yue Lan as he turned to leave.

"Well then, Senior Brother Li, I won’t take up more of your time. I’ll be going first."

His voice carried firm resolve as he strode off, looking as though he were heading straight for a battlefield.

Li Feng blinked at the sudden departure, watching the back of the man who seemed determined to push himself.

He sighed and shook his head, as he understanding Lin Yu’s thoughts all too well.

But their gap will only continue to widen.

He just smiled quietly.

"Well, at least this will give him the motivation to cultivate."

Silently, he offered a small encouragement toward his former senior brother.

.... unaware that this would be the last time he would see ’Lin Yu.’

_

_

_

Soon,

Li Feng arrived back at his residence.

He smiled as he casually opened the door but immediately froze at the sight before him.

"401...402...403..."

In front of him, Fen Ziyan was in the middle of a push-up.

What shocked him even more was that Goldie was sat on her back, casually reading one of the books it had found inside the Divine Bricks.

The book seemed to be about flower ecology, though it mostly contained details on ordinary flowers rather than any secret or spiritual plants.

Fen Ziyan, slightly sweating from her exercise, noticed Li Feng’s return and smiled.

"Ah, Junior Brother, you’re back. Wait, let me finish this set."

With that, she continued her push-ups, moving with a mix of precision and strength.

Li Feng nodded slightly, glancing at the sight of the giant Goldie atop the small but strong Fen Ziyan.

’...No wonder she’s progressing so fast.’

Looking at her small delicate yet powerful arms, he let out a light sigh and quietly closed the door behind him.

"410... 411... 412..."

Li Feng now sat on the bed, watching Fen Ziyan doing her push up.

His eyes couldn’t help but follow the sway of her large, heavy breasts, which pressed and squished with each push-up , ....almost like cushions easing her exertion each time she leaned down.

Then at that,

An important question popped into his mind:

’... Isn’t that cheating?’

_

_

_

Soon,

"...1000!"

With that, Fen Ziyan smiled, finishing her set as Goldie casually hopped off her back and went toward the corner of the room.

Fen Ziyan stood up, wiping the sweat from her forehead, still smiling.

She looked at Li Feng who was sitting on the bed with his chin resting on his hand, observing her.

"Junior Brother, your Goldie is truly amazing ! It can even adjust its weight, making itself heavier or lighter. I’ll definitely have to borrow it more for future training."

Li Feng blinked at her words.

He had never studied Goldie’s abilities in detail and, .... as its master, he hadn’t realized it could even do that.

Seeing Fen Ziyan so grateful, he cleared his throat and didn’t admit the truth.

"Of course, my Goldie is amazing~"

He sighed lightly. "After all, through hard work and talent, I’ve put a lot of effort into creating Goldie."

"..."

Fen Ziyan, hearing his words, smiled.

Then, glancing at her damp body, she casually cast a cleansing spell.

Just as she finished, Li Feng’s hand suddenly tugged her own and she found herself falling into his lap.

"Ah..."

A small gasp escaped her lips but she quickly relaxed, settling her plump, soft peach onto his thighs.

Immediately, she could feel something hard and shapely pressing against her rear from beneath.

But she had long since grown accustomed to this and didn’t seem to mind.

Turning her head cutely, she met Li Feng’s grin with her own.

"...So... did you get it ?" she whispered, her tone low and playful, almost like a secretive drug dealer.

Li Feng nodded and produced a recording stone.

"Here it is, Senior Sister. Please check .... the goods."

He grinned as he handed it to her.

Once she took it, Li Feng’s hand grew mischievous, slipping beneath her large, heavy breasts to gently cup and weigh them over her robe.

Then he nuzzled and rubbed his cheek against hers which is super soft and smooth while inhaling her soft, intoxicating fragrance.

Fen Ziyan didn’t mind at all as she simply tilted her head slightly and focused on the recording stone in her hand.

Right now, they looked like a couple, snuggling close together and about to watch something truly interesting.