Chapter Vol 4 1820: Enemy on the belly and back, surrounded by 4 sides!

In the dark and icy darkness, it was like a void without any stars. Four dragon corpses locked the black coffin and appeared here in shock. Even Xiao Yan felt a strong feeling from it at this moment. breath of death.

Because of the cultivation of the Dragon God Transformation, Xiao Yan already has dragon blood more or less in his body, and now these four dragon corpses are dragons with real dragon blood. The dragon's blood in Yan's body boiled instantly, and endless killing intent emerged uncontrollably.

Dragons are arrogant, no matter who obliterates their kind, it will lead to the assassination and revenge of the dragons. This is the pride in the bones of the dragons.

"So...the reason why the emperor's illness is getting worse and worse was originally caused by this beast." At this moment, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly tightened, staring at the extremely weak soul body in the black coffin, and shouted.

The emperor, covering many high-level leaders in the Star Continent, Xiao Yan had already kept it in his heart under Ji Xuan's instructions, and now he can see through it at a glance.

"Four-dragon lock coffin, these methods are beyond the scope of what I can deal with, so let's retreat first." After a glance, Xiao Yan's eyes moved away from the moving four-dragon lock coffin.

With fluctuations of this level, if he stepped into the attack range of the four dragon corpses, the dragon corpse would launch the most tyrannical attack on him. With that level of attack, unless the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal, even Xiao Yan would only be dejected. The end of the fall, not to mention the need to rescue the emperor's soul, this task is beyond the scope of Xiao Yan's ability to handle.

"It seems that Lin Fengya's ambition is not small, this matter must be told to Qinxin as soon as possible." Xiao Yan's palms folded, and the space shuttle handprints containing the power of space were displayed by him.

"Is it a forbidden area..." Xiao Yan said helplessly as there was no movement in the space shuttle fingerprint.

"Not good!" Just as Xiao Yan was preparing for other movements, the four dragon corpses actually moved slightly, and a horrific shock emerged from Xiao Yan's body.

"I'm a little curious, what kind of courage made you break into my palace alone." The next moment, above one of the dragon corpses, at the head of the dragon, a laughter with many contemptuous laughter emerged slowly.

"Lin Fengya!" Xiao Yan roared.

"My dear father has worked hard for so many years, and in a few days until the election day, he will be able to sleep forever. As a son, isn't it very considerate?"

"You're actually here to sabotage my plan, it's really whimsical." At this moment, Lin Fengya looked at the dying emperor's soul in the black coffin, looked at Xiao Yan gloomily, and sneered.

"Soul Wuji, Elder Lin, Guardian Lin, Uncle Lin Wang."

"This guy, hand it over to you."

"Remember, what I want is death without proof." With a casual glance, Lin Fengya disappeared here, but at the same time, on the dragon heads of the four dragon corpses, the four figures carried Ling Tian's posture, emerge slowly.

"One Seven Star Fighting Immortal has a perfect soul, and three Seven Star Fighting Immortals are in the late stage..." Seeing the four figures appearing in front of him one after another, Xiao Yan's smile became brighter and more sinister.

"Susu...meet again." The black mist around Soul Wuji, like a messenger of death, said gloomily.

"It's a pity that the big explosion in the Devil's Sea didn't kill you." Xiao Yan opened his mouth, and suddenly he swallowed the flame technique, domain, and Buddha's Wrath Reincarnation.

Xiao Yan knew that with his current strength, he would only have one chance against these guys.

"A sharp-toothed boy!"

"Destroying the prince's good deeds, when I capture you, you will definitely not be able to survive or die!" For a time, a turbid energy flashed from the old man Lin's body.

"Chaos system..."

"Try this gift!" Without any hesitation, Xiao Yan's palm suddenly lifted, and a beautiful lotus seed composed of four-color flames blasted towards the black coffin in front of the four people with the momentum of lightning. The kind of fluctuations that actually shocked the hearts of the three of the seven-star fighting immortals in the late stage.

"This guy!" He originally wanted to capture Xiao Yan's soul with a destructive force, but he could only shake his head, because now Xiao Yan's attack of destroying everything is directed at the black coffin, and the black coffin is Jinlin Fengya's real A killer weapon that cannot be damaged in any way.

"Boom!" A burst of hot energy ripples, like a volcanic eruption, permeated this dark and cold void.

"Jointly resist this attack, we must not let it destroy the four dragon lock coffin, otherwise once the emperor's soul returns, we will fall short!"

"You guys stay here, I'll go after him!" After a while, Uncle Lin made a sudden cry, his body soared, and he pursued the route of Xiao Yan's escape.

"Do it!" Soul Wuji could only regret it, and the dark mist filled the sky immediately. With it as the main force, it combined the power of the two late stage Seven Star Fighting Immortals to ripple the destructive energy of the Buddha's wrath and slowly resist. Although it was quite easy, it was enough to buy Xiao Yan a lot of time to escape.

"Cough, cough... The pressure of the Seven Star Dou Xian is really strong, and this news must be spread out." Xiao Yan fled quickly, the aura in his body shook violently. It is quite correct to point the attack hall of Buddha's Wrath Samsara away from the black coffin. Even if these four people can easily kill themselves, for the safety of the emperor's soul, they can only give up the small Gu Da, and they will have a chance to escape.

Simply, Xiao Yan made the right bet.

"But there is still a late stage Seven Star Fighting Immortal expert... and this is still an underground palace In any case, it doesn't hold any advantage for me."

"Qidu's soul-drawing cup?" At this moment, it seemed to be pulled by the amber flame soul fire. This treasure with a faint glow of fire escaped from Xiao Yan's acceptance ring, and immediately a flame like the light of dawn, quietly Immediately after submerging into Xiao Yan's Spirit Palace, the Spirit Palace suddenly trembled, and the power of the soul rose steadily!

"It doesn't matter, now I can only be a dead horse and a living horse doctor!" As soon as he grasped the Qidu Soul Tractor, Xiao Yan discovered that the soul power in his body actually surpassed the soul power in the later stage of "Tai Xu" and entered the to the next level!

Although it is only temporary, but with the power of his own Six Star Fighting Immortal Consummation, it is unavoidable to give it a try.

"If that's the case, let's try it." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan directly chose a huge space in the stone wall passage, and the core inscriptions in his body were arranged. He came after the late stage powerhouse of the Seven Star Dou Xian who was chasing him.

With the strength of the late Five-Star Fighting Immortal, he designed an ambush to intercept the late Seven-Star Fighting Immortal Uncle Lin. Whether it was successful or not, this courage alone would be enough to cause countless people to sigh!

As for Uncle Lin, relying on his being a descendant of Uncle Lin Fengya, with his unique wood attribute in the royal family and the arrogance of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, he is stepping into the trap that Xiao Yan has set for him. It's just that it's still unknown whether it is Uncle Lin who is the best, or whether Xiao Yan is superior.