Chapter Vol 4 1929: Horror 4 is not like!

The latest website: "That's... what power?" In an instant, the body of the Water Fiend King also jumped tightly, sluggishly above the void as if facing an enemy, watching Xiao Yan's whole body flashing with an unusually dazzling light.

That ray of light was not a holy flame or an aura of light, but an ancient flavor from the ancient times, which was full of domineering power, like a supreme king overlooking the nine heavens descending into the world.

And with his own powerful blow, he could completely kill several people in a blink of an eye, but he would easily be destroyed in the mysterious light group.

"Ouch!" Just when the Water Demon King was puzzled, an extremely domineering breath was vented out, and behind Xiao Yan, a giant bubble was slowly condensed.

"Crash!" I don't know what kind of magic this roar has, but just after it spread, I saw that with Xiao Yan at the center, the evil aura in a radius of a hundred miles escaped in an instant, with a touch of domineering and tyrannical breath, filled here.

Just in terms of the nature of that aura, I am afraid that it is the demon emperor, and he will not give in too much!

"This is?" In an instant, the Heisha Dragon Wolf and the Ten Thousand Demon King couldn't help but feel a sense of awe and respect within their bodies, and a trace of blood was boiling unconsciously.

That kind of breath is very kind, like family and friends, but it is extremely domineering, so that the two can't help but bow to it, the kind of suppression that comes from the bloodline, the shock from the depths of the soul!

As if this mysterious guy is the overlord who dominates the demon world, just the domineering aura above all things makes them powerless to fight back!

"This kind of breath has only appeared on the Demon Emperor in the entire demon world. What the **** is going on with this guy?" The Wan Demon King and the Heisha Longlang didn't care about anything else, and turned their heads to watch Jing Jing crawl on Xiao Yan's body. The monster that was wrapped in a mysterious beam of light said in awe.

"Little guy, finally willing to come out?" Xiao Yan was startled at first, and then looked at the latter with a rather euphemistic laughter.

This guy is naturally a fiery beast that has been quietly staying in Xiao Yan's body in the sea of ​​vindictive energy!

Originally, Xiao Yan was about to use his demonic power just now, but he never thought that this little guy would be so timely. In this way, maybe the situation of the battle could be turned around.

"Hooho!" After Xiao Yan said this, the flame beast didn't seem satisfied, it twisted its arrogant head quite humanely, and rubbed **** the corner of Xiao Yan's clothes, as if to vent its unhappiness.

I am clearly so old, and I have grown a lot since the last time I came out, how can you still call me a little guy!

"It's okay, it's all big guys."

"Hey... Your strength?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan noticed the change in this guy's heart for a while.

However, Xiao Yan followed his body and found that the flame beast had undergone considerable changes. Even when he saw this guy's body, he couldn't help but be startled.

In the past, this guy was still in his infancy, and he always looked like a rather cute little beast, but now as he entered the mature stage, he has made great progress in both body and strength, and his overall size has grown. With a size of several tens of meters, some of the characteristics of the body that are exclusive to it are also becoming more and more obvious.

The flame beast is also quite peculiar. Its body is a special figure like a unicorn. That special scale not only has some kind of tyrannical defensive power, but also seems to have some kind of extremely terrifying attack power, which integrates offense and defense. People are intimidated.

Its head is like a domineering tiger's head, revealing an extremely domineering aura invisibly, which is the oppression and pride of the exclusive superior, but its tail is constantly swaying like a wolf's tail, quite strange, it seems Every time it shakes, it will make this space quite agitated, and finally, the footsteps are as huge as cow hooves. I am afraid that it is enough to easily shatter most of the things in the world.

All in all, today's flaming beasts are a living one with four dissimilarities!

But it is this guy, although there is no clear strength, but the aura emanating from it is actually the same as that of the late-stage Eight-Star Fighting Immortal Water Demon King!

And from the horrified eyes of the Water Demon King, it is enough to see the fear of this guy.

"This thing can't be left behind!" Seeing that the crisis was temporarily relieved, it was also while talking to a few people that the Water Demon King exploded, and on the palm of Bai Zhi, a terrifying force that moved the world and moved the world. , vented out, and immediately without any hesitation, the body trembled, unexpectedly attacked Xiao Yan!

The fluctuation of this level is an all-out blow from the late-stage Eight-Star Dou Xian!

This Water Demon King is trying to completely obliterate Xiao Yan!

The Water Demon King knew that the strength and danger of this sudden appearance far surpassed those of the others, so he chose to take action as soon as possible.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's body trembled immediately, and hurriedly tried to block the attack of the Water Demon King for the flame beast.

The strength of the flame beast is unknown, and it has just appeared, how could it be possible to take a blow from this water fiend king!

When Xiao Yan's body collided with the beast of flames, the blood of the demons in his body burst out, like a dead volcano, instantly filled with endless power, about to roar and erupt!

"Ow!" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions like this, a soft light appeared in the eyes of the beast of flames, and then the huge hooves stomped abruptly, and an extremely angry emotion emerged together with a deep energy!

"Boom!" After a while, the barren land under the flames beast's feet suddenly burst open. There was no evil aura in it, but there was an extremely rich earth element. In the blink of an eye, countless rock energies formed a thousand-zhang-sized beam in front of it. The energy barrier of , the terrifying defensive power contained in it, cannot be shaken!

That kind of barrier, colorful, not only has a very heavy earth element, but also contains a touch of domineering power!

That kind of power is far beyond the understanding of the Wan Yaowang and others, and even the Heisha Dragon Wolf has a palpitations in his heart at this time. I am afraid that this level of energy barrier, even if he is full of energy. Hit, can't be beat!

"Bang bang bang!" When the terrifying attack of the Water Demon King touched the colorful energy barrier, it was like hitting on cotton. All of his power was absorbed by it for a while, and his palm was actually tight. The fit together, can not move the slightest!

"This... this is impossible?" Looking at this scene, the face of the Water Demon King was full of inconceivability, and a stunned expression from the depths of his soul emerged.

"Ouch!" The thousand-zhang energy barrier protected Xiao Yan and everyone, and immediately the flame beast suddenly collapsed and came to Xiao Yan. The colorful power burst out at the same time, and the beast's eyes were full of extremely angry emotions!

This time, the color of heaven and earth changed, and even the King Huosha, who had been quiet, changed his face slightly.

Because of the two of them, from the fierce eyes of the flame beast, they smelled an endless cold killing intent!