Chapter Vol 4 934: Do you... miss me?

"Walking alone?" Outside the conference room, a shadowy figure walked aimlessly, with no masters.

Originally, I came to the human world to find my brother, but after finding my brother, I didn't want to go back.

In the past, there was always the shadow of his brother in his mind, but now after finding it, his mind is full of Xiao Yan's figure.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I want you to take care of it." Qianying was slightly dissatisfied, and said a word without looking back. From her voice, she could tell that Qianying was not in a good mood.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he couldn't help but froze for a moment, and then laughed a few times in embarrassment.

"Uh, Xiao Yan?" But as soon as she finished speaking, Mu Yingying moved her beautiful eyes, because this is the forbidden area of ​​the Fenxiang Pavilion, and basically no one would come and go, and the voice she just said was very familiar.

"It looks like you're in a trance, haven't you had a good rest?" Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"I..." Now when Mu Yingying saw Xiao Yan's first glance, she was not happy, but scared.

Because she was afraid that Xiao Yan might have other misunderstandings or opinions about her.

Although she is also human, in the final analysis, her body is a holy flame.

Because Mu Yingying had heard about all kinds of things that humans directly devoured the holy flame medicinal materials into human beings, so now Mu Yingying doesn't know what Xiao Yan thinks, she is naturally afraid.

"Do not worry."

"In my heart, no matter what your status is, we are all very good partners."

"We got out of the points grabbing competition together and came to Xuan Santian. Various things happened." Xiao Yan looked at Mu Yingying's slightly nervous mood and couldn't help but say.

"Can……"

"But I'm a human being converted from Shengyan!"

"Aren't you afraid that one day I won't be able to control myself and kill you?" Mu Yingying said after a while.

As for Xiao Yan killing herself and taking away Sheng Yan, Mu Yingying never thought about such a thing. Mu Yingying didn't even have to think about it, she knew that Xiao Yan could not be such a person.

"Don't worry, I'm not as vulnerable as you think."

"Even if that day does come, I will be willing." Xiao Yan said.

"Are you curious about my brother and me?" Mu Yingying was a little excited when she saw Xiao Yan say this.

"Well, there is one point."

"Senior Yanchi is also a powerhouse with a perfect one-star fighting spirit, how could he be bound by the powerhouse of the Xuanling royal family?"

"The strongest members of the Xuanling royal family have only the strength of the one-star Dou Xian early stage." Xiao Yan was still extremely puzzled about the matter of Yan Chi.

"According to what my brother told me."

"My brother and I were born in a treasure land, and because of the treasure land, the two of us easily converted to human beings. At that time, my brother was stronger than me, so naturally, by chance, he left me and went there. the human world."

"I came to the human world, in order to hide my identity as Sheng Yan, I started to cultivate continuously from the One Star Dou Emperor, and got to know Fen Tian."

"A series of things happened in it, but when my brother was caught by the Xuanling royal family, his strength was only the peak of Emperor Dou."

"And when I was caught, my brother was also extremely confused. He vaguely remembered that the person who caught him seemed to be an evil person, somewhat like the power of an alien clan." Mu Yingying said a lot in one breath.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he nodded slightly.

Sheng Yan is a territorial evil for the alien race, so he has a very strong perception. In addition to the relics of the bright moon, the blood curse of the alien evil race on the two brothers of the Xuanling royal family, Qi Haoran, made Xiao Yan have to think of it. Issues.

"It seems that this Xuanling royal family is not as simple as we thought." Xiao Yan slowly shook his head.

According to Xiao Yan's guess, Yanchi's arrest, because of the relationship between Yanchi and Fenxiangge, it is impossible to be caught by the Xuanling royal family, so there is only one possibility.

Alien Evil Race.

Moreover, the collusion between the Xuanling royal family and the foreign evil clan is probably extremely terrifying!

However, Xiao Yan continued to wonder in his heart. Since the Xuanling royal family colluded with the evil people from outside the realm, why did the Xuanling Emperor Xuanxin on the seventh floor of the underground palace collude with the ghost world?

At the same time, the ghost world and the alien race?

"My brother and the Xuanling royal family have a deep grievance."

"Also, my brother is also the Supreme Elder of Fenxiang Pavilion, so this time we will have a good fight in the sect competition!" Mu Yingying said with great interest.

"Your strength seems to have broken through to the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di?" Not long after, Mu Yingying came to her senses and looked at Xiao Yan, but she found out.

"Well, today's retreat has just ended, so I was busy coming over to see how you are doing." Xiao Yan said smoothly, but he regretted it after speaking.

"Yes." Mu Yingying was delighted when she heard the words, but she didn't show it.

The two were speechless and walked around the forest slowly for a while before Mu Yingying spoke up.

"Xiao Yan, if I leave, will you miss me..." Mu Yingying hesitated for a while, but decided to speak.

"Yes, yes." Xiao Yan took a few deep breaths, then looked at Mu Yingying's expectant expression, and spoke slightly.

"Thank you." Mu Yingying heard the words, her eyes were looking forward to her, and she was shining with a moving green spirit.

It's just that Xiao Yan didn't know that what Mu Yingying thought was actually not a literal meaning, because it belonged to Mu Yingying's own little secret.

"After going back this time, there is no need to run out again."

"This world is huge, and there are many bad people."

"Your identity is special, if you are seen by some people with bad intentions, what kind of bad thoughts will you designate?"

"And I also have holy flames, and in the future, I will still have to fight against foreign evil races together."

"So we will meet again in the future." Xiao Yan comforted.

"Speaking of the extraterritorial evil race, that thing in your body..." Mu Yingying hesitated for a while but decided to ask.

"That thing is no longer a serious problem." Xiao Yan was also afraid that Mu Yingying would be worried, so he didn't say it.

"Since you and your brother are all right, then I'm relieved."

"I still have some medicinal herbs that I haven't refined yet I'll go first." Xiao Yan saw that Mu Yingying's mental state was much better, and it was getting late, so he immediately found an excuse to leave here.

"Mmmm." Mu Yingying agreed, but she was very happy.

It seemed that Xiao Yan was as expected.

And just as Xiao Yan left his forefoot, Yan Chi's figure slowly appeared.

This is also something that can't be helped. Ever since Xiao Yan found Mu Yingying, Yan Chi has been lurking in the dark. After all, Mu Yingying is still an unmanned girl.

"Brother, I've decided that after this sect competition, I'll go back with you..." Mu Yingying looked at Xiao Yan's figure walking away, the corner of her mouth smiling into a crescent shape, which was quite beautiful.

"Alright."

"This time, in the sect competition, I understood Fen Tian's heart, and cured the dark disease in my body that I had been restrained for all these years, killing two birds with one stone." Yan Chi's figure slowly walked out.

Yan Chi originally wanted to refuse. After all, there are many night dreams in the human world, but seeing the last trace of expectation in Mu Yingying's pupils, it is not easy to refuse.

But Yanchi didn't know that it was precisely because of this decision that their brother and sister were separated from life and death after this sect competition!

Emma, ​​it's so hard to write here. I wrote it over and over for two and a half hours. Please count the votes for comfort~

Next is the pig's feet. I will speed up the Xiao Clan's series of things, and I will pay special attention to it in the future!

Greatly reduce the number of supporting scenes.