Chapter Vol 2 818: The token of entering Guanghan Island

"Nonsense!"

"Don't you know what state your body is in now?"

"This time, the relic masters asked me to take you out, and I will bring you back intact."

"Otherwise, how can I explain to the deputy hall master Mu Xuzi!"

"No." Facing Mu Yingying's words, Xiao Yan directly refused.

"But……"

"You really need that thing." Mu Yingying also rarely saw Xiao Yan get so angry, and immediately said weakly.

Although she herself knew more about her physical condition than Xiao Yan, this was Xiao Yan's last chance, and Mu Yingying didn't want to watch Xiao Yan go down in decadence.

"That thing is precious, and it is not as important as the life of a companion." Xiao Yan reluctantly said.

"Ah puff."

"You two." Just as Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying were arguing, Fairy Moonlight suddenly laughed out loud.

"Senior, do you have any good ideas?" Seeing this, Mu Yingying immediately cast her eyes at Fairy Bright Moon for help.

"Just repairing the spring won't cost you much. At best, you will lose some of the source of holy flames."

"Although I don't know the secrets in your body very well, repairing the spring's eye just requires the power of the holy flame. Although it will hurt the body a little, it will not be fatal." Fairy Moonlight said.

"Really?" Mu Yingying was overjoyed when she heard the words.

If it was just some physical injuries, then by virtue of Xiao Yan's identity as a pharmacist, it would obviously not be difficult to recover.

"Well, so you can go on boldly and at ease." Fairy Moonlight said something.

"Is it okay?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, but he couldn't help but ask.

Xiao Yan knew Mu Yingying's feelings for him from the beginning, but Xiao Yan didn't want to owe Mu Yingying too much, so even if this life and death were precious, Xiao Yan didn't want anything to happen to Mu Yingying, after all Xiao Yan He promised Mu Yingying to help him find her brother.

"No." Fairy Moon Moon smiled sweetly.

"It's not too late, where is the fountain?" Seeing that the matter had been confirmed, Xiao Yan did not hesitate.

"The springs of the two Yiquan of life and death are at the edge of the two circular islands." Fairy Moonlight said.

"Let's go." Mu Yingying stepped forward slightly and then said to Xiao Yan.

"Be careful." Seeing this, Yue Ru couldn't help but utter an order. Although she couldn't help Xiao Yan right now, Yue Ru swears that she must **** Xiao Yan over!

After all, as my father said, if you like it, you have to fight for it, otherwise, if you don't even dare to fight, you will only be a loser.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed softly, and immediately jumped into the roundabout with Mu Yingying on the left and right.

"Fairy Moonlight, don't think that if the two of them have two holy flames, they can repair the spring eye. Where is the spring eye, but even I can't do anything about it. How much holy flame power can the two mere six-star fighting emperors exert? "The vicious old monster couldn't help but speak while being restrained by Fairy Moon.

"You can't help it, it doesn't mean that others have no choice."

"Furthermore, you underestimated the power of Holy Flame too much." Fairy Jiaoyue laughed, Ruoyouruowu finished.

"Senior, I don't know the inheritance rune on my forehead..." Seeing Xiao Yan and the two of them go down, Yue Ru immediately asked Fairy Jiaoyue. The priority now is inheritance, and other things are nothing compared to this. It's different from the feeling of being a little witch.

"The inheritance rune on your forehead was naturally planted by me." Fairy Moon Moon said upon seeing this.

"Having this inheritance rune will indeed give you a greater chance than others to approach my inheritance, but this is just a few more opportunities, everything depends on you." Fairy Moon Moon said thoughtfully.

"I see."

"Thank you, senior." Yue Ru heard the words and seemed to know something, and gently stroked the silver moon above her forehead with her hand.

"Besides, since you have already summoned me, there is no need for other things."

"When the matter of life and death Eryiquan is over here, take the token of entering Guanghan Island and go directly to where."

"What you want to know and what they need are all on Guanghan Island." Fairy Moon Moon said.

"Senior, won't you come with us?" Yueru was shocked when she heard this.

I am just an illusory remnant soul now, and it will dissipate if I persist for a long time, and I can only rely on you in the future.

"However, in Guanghan Island, there is indeed another avatar of mine, and that avatar is the real place to hold and keep the inheritance." Fairy Jiaoyue said.

"Okay, this remnant soul won't last long, but even if I dissipate, the **** that binds the vicious old monster will not be released. After all, this is my territory." After Fairy Moonlight finished speaking, her figure suddenly became illusory. a lot.

"Also, the token you need to enter Guanghan Island, just take it from this vicious old monster." After saying this sentence, the Fairy Moonlight disappeared like a bright moon, directly disappearing in the second ritual of life and death. next to the spring.

"This **** woman!" Hearing this, the vicious old monster suddenly looked ugly.

"I heard that you have a token to enter Guanghan Island?" Yueru stepped forward slightly and spoke.

"No!" The vicious old monster roared directly.

"Humph!"

"I advise you to be wise and hand over that thing as soon as possible, otherwise you will inevitably suffer some flesh and blood." Xiu Qi stepped forward gently and smiled softly.

"You guys!" Seeing these women staring at him with malicious intent, the vicious old geek immediately felt a chill on his back, and he kept thinking about whether to hand over that thing.

But the silver mouse in the villainous old monster's clothes murmured, "It's another group of people who want to find me..."

"The feng shui turns." Qin Xin also smiled and stared at the vicious old monster, as if she had some new ideas.

"I'll give it to you!" After a while, the vicious old monster gritted his teeth and spoke directly.

"It's not too bad." Xiu Qi heard the words, and there was no sign of doing anything to the vicious old monster. After all, Xiu Qi was also afraid that if he did it too hard If this vicious old monster is at the price of self-destruction , which obviously outweighs the gain.

"Silver Rat, come out for me!" The next moment, the vicious old monster lowered his head and called into his clothes.

"What is he doing?" Yueru asked in confusion.

"It should be calling for something. I just found out that there seems to be something in this guy's clothes." At this time, Leng Fuyao stepped forward slightly and said.

"Come out!" Although the vicious old monster was bound by Fairy Moon, how could his dignified Eight-Star Dou Emperor's perfection be in vain?

Immediately with a hum, a strong wind directly threw the guy inside the clothes out.

"Why is it so exaggerated?" A dissatisfaction sounded slightly, and then everyone saw that a mouse with silver hair slowly fell to the ground, and then complained.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This is the token you want to enter Guanghan Island, take it and leave quickly!" The vicious old monster glanced at the silver mouse on the ground and said immediately.

"Is this the thing?"

"This guy won't lie to us, right?" Qin Xin couldn't help laughing when she saw this.

How could the token of entering Guanghan Island be such a little mouse?

"You are the little mouse!"

"This uncle is very powerful!" Yinguang Rat seemed to have sensed Qinxin's gaze, and said immediately.

Ask for tickets!