Chapter Vol 4 1255: The first battle of 3 stars

"Fifth brother!" Looking at the fifth elder who was swallowed by the khaki flame dragon, Ye Yunqing next to him couldn't help but let out a loud cry.

As the third elder of Kuye Zhai, he had a good relationship with the fifth elder since he was a child. Seeing the fifth elder whose vitality was passing quickly, he couldn't help shouting.

"Boom!" Without any hesitation, the khaki flame dragon opened its ferocious mouth and bit the body of the fifth elder in one bite, thus making the fifth elder unable to defend against such a terrifying flame, and the vitality passed quickly, only a few For a moment, these five elders were lying in the space like dead dogs, their breaths were almost wilted, and they were obviously dead.

If it were someone else, I am afraid that Xiao Yan would not be so easily obliterated, but these five elders are actually fire attributes!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Sheng Yan is the deity of ten thousand fires. When Xiao Yan used Sheng Yan, the fire attribute fighting qi in the fifth elder was completely suppressed and could not be mobilized in the slightest. Therefore, even if the fifth elder was a late stage two-star Dou Xian, his strength was stronger than Xiao Yan’s. A lot, but still lost.

"Destroy me!" Naturally, Xiao Yan wouldn't raise tigers. The next moment, a dazzling khaki flame emerged, and then directly under Ye Yunqing's cannibalistic gaze, he burned the fifth elder's body into nothingness. The bodies and even the souls of these five elders completely fell under Xiao Yan's holy flame.

After all, cutting grass does not remove its roots, but the spring breeze blows and regenerates.

"Ah ah ah!"

"Little chops!"

"I definitely want you to die!" Xiao Yan's actions like this were undoubtedly declaring war with the entire Kuye Zhai people, but at this time, Xiao Yan had no other choice.

After all, according to his master, the Master of Soul Eater, it is very likely that there are strong souls here, and in order to avoid future troubles, Xiao Yan can only completely burn the body and soul of the fifth elder.

"Bang bang bang!" Ye Yunqing roared angrily, and then the cyan vindictive energy, directly centered on himself, slowly spread toward the surroundings!

"Pfft!" With a sound, the two-star Fighting Immortals who were in charge of stopping Ye Yunqing seemed to have reached their limit.

"The rest, leave it to me." Xiao Yan easily caught the crowd, then sent a gentle force away, and said.

"Lord Xiao Yan, this guy is very strong!" Upon seeing this, the two-star fighting immortals expressed their gratitude to Xiao Yan.

Seeing Xiao Yan obliterating the five elders of the late two-star fighting immortal stage, these guys also believed in Xiao Yan, after all, strength is the best right to speak.

"I know, you can rest in peace." Xiao Yan smiled and walked straight to Ye Yunqing.

"Little bastard, do you still have the courage to come over?"

"I have to say, it's the first time I've seen you just because of your courage." Ye Yunqing's face was almost contorted, his eyes staring fiercely at Xiao Yan.

"I also saw a shameless guy like you once." Xiao Yan said indifferently.

Although this guy is in the early stage of three-star Dou Xian, and he is still in the early stage of two-star Dou Xian, if it is a real life-and-death battle, I am afraid that he is not afraid at all!

"Boy, let's do it."

"Don't worry, I won't kill you easily. In that case, 9 will be cheap for you. I'll let you taste what despair is..."

"I will let you know that offending our Kuyezhai will be something you will regret for the rest of your life!"

"Hahaha!" Ye Yunqing growled angrily like a lunatic.

"It's really a lunatic...but I like this kind of opponent." Xiao Yan laughed, his eyes became serious, the fighting core and burning Jue in his body were running at a high speed, and his intuition told Xiao Yan that although this Ye Yunqing was proud, he was not alone. The real strength of the three-star Dou Xian in the early stage was there, and Xiao Yan's pressure was not small.

However, pressure is also a driving force. Xiao Yan believes that if this time is successful, I am afraid that his future path will be much easier.

"bring it on!"

"Water Dragon Gang!" Ye Yunqing spoke first.

As the voice fell, the space of the formation was suddenly filled with a huge repulsive force, which slowly impacted every inch of Xiao Yan's skin.

"Damn, what a tyrannical pressure..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but summoned the earthy yellow holy flame to wrap himself in an attempt to reduce some of the pressure.

This Ye Yunqing is actually a water attribute!

Although the water attribute is gentle, in the hands of the strong, even the earth attribute and some useless attributes, which are known for defense, can radiate extremely destructive power.

"Hoohoho!" The next moment, a hundred-zhang water dragon made up of dark blue water attributes appeared directly in front of Xiao Yan.

On the water dragon, the dark blue Dou Qi slowly flowed, bringing an extremely tyrannical pressure to Xiao Yan, and beside the water dragon, there was actually a water column wrapped around it to protect it!

These water pillars protect the water dragons firmly. Even if Xiao Yan makes a move, I am afraid he can only destroy some of them. If he wants to destroy all of them, it is undoubtedly too difficult.

"Water overcomes fire... and it's still an absolute gap in strength, a step away..."

"The suppression is too strong. If this goes on, there will be no fighting." Xiao Yan moved his body quickly while thinking about how to deal with it.

"I'm afraid that this kind of oppression can only be eliminated by using the power of Huoxin Tianyan and Dou Soul at the same time." After a while, Xiao Yan had a plan in his heart.

The mutual restraint of attributes is naturally one of the keys to affecting the battle, not to mention that the strength gap is still so obvious. Now only use the holy flame to add the power of the fighting core to improve the purity of your own flame, so as to eliminate this restraint. After all, restraint Although there are, but under certain conditions, it will be eliminated to the point of being negligible.

Since he came to the ghost world and learned about the situation in the ghost world, Xiao Yan seldom used the ghost face and soul flame, mainly because the ghost world can only swallow two holy flames, and the ghost face soul flame is one of them. If Xiao Yan was exposed, he would be asking for trouble.

"Hahaha."

"Boy, just run like a lost dog."

"When I get tired of playing, it will be your death." Ye Yunqing didn't seem to notice Xiao Yan's actions, but just controlled the water dragon to continuously launch tyrannical attacks, constantly forcing Xiao Yan to retreat.

"Damn it!" Ye Ku's face became ugly when he saw the fifth elder being obliterated by Xiao Yan.

A powerhouse in the late two-star fighting immortal stage, this is the backbone of a family's power, but was actually wiped out by a hairy boy in the early two-star fighting immortal stage, which made Ye Ku a little puzzled.

"Ye Ku, it seems that this time, God will not help you!" Seeing this, Yu Tianyue smiled slowly, obviously Xiao Yan wiped out the five elders of the late two-star fighting immortal, this is something Yu Tianyue did not expect, this Xiao Yan's soul power The strength is tyrannical, and even the combat power of fighting Qi is extremely terrifying.

"You'd better take care of yourself first!" After a little deep voice, the two started a terrifying confrontation in Dudu. The two shot, both gloomy and vicious, but there was still no winner for a long time.

"The fifth elder of Kuyezhai has fallen. It seems that this time, you have miscalculated." Yumu said while dealing with Ye Shuang's attack.

"That's not necessarily the case, no matter what. This time, your Yuzong is a mortal situation. At best, it's just the difference between our Kuyezhai people dying a little more and dying a little less." Ye Shuang responded.

"Really?" After the conversation between the two ended, a fierce attack broke out in Zaidu.

"Are all the people in Kuyezhai stupid... but that's fine, I can collect a few more souls, although the soul power is too weak, but the strength is tyrannical, and after taking it back, I may not be able to help us in the soul clan. Do something." The figure hidden in the dark said slowly.

"Hey, old guy, I'll let you chatter for a while..." Xiao Yan was still thinking while running, but inside his body, a shocking wave of terror was slowly rising with an astonishing aura. !

​​