Chapter Vol 2 719: 6-star Doudi is complete!

In the Tongtian River.

At the lowest end of the Tongtian River, here a man with a heavy ruler on his back sat slowly, standing still like a statue.

I don't know how long it took, the figure slowly moved.

"Gulugulu!" After a while, the man's body suddenly burst out with dazzling fighting qi like ripples, centered on it!

"It's almost there." Feeling the changes on his body, Xiao Yan's mouth moved slightly, and he said.

This figure was clearly Xiao Yan.

Since Xiao Yan entered the top of Tongtian River a month ago, he has absorbed the purest power in Tongtian River here.

"I didn't expect the power in this Tongtian River to be so huge. Even if I had the Holy Flame and Fen Jue methods in my body, it would take a full month." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile on the corner of his mouth.

"Next, it's time to harvest!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes shrank suddenly, and then a group of dazzling power in his body suddenly spread out, and huge ripples of power continued to spread out!

"Boom boom boom!" The huge power was originally refined by Xiao Yan, but at this moment, Xiao Yan absorbed the refined and refined power into his body!

"Shabu Shabu!" With the injection of a trace of strength, Xiao Yan could clearly feel that all the limbs and bones in his body were constantly being filled!

That kind of power is probably not something that the Six-Star Dou Emperor can possess in the later stage!

"Huhu."

"Is this the perfect strength of the Six Star Dou Di?"

"Sure enough, it's not the same as the late Six-Star Dou Di." Just as he opened his eyes, he moved his hand bones, and suddenly there was a strong force!

This power is completely different from the power of Xiao Yan in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di!

"If I were to meet the original Wang Chen now, I'm afraid it wouldn't be difficult to kill him with a single blow." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth moved, and he was quite happy.

In fact, Xiao Yan himself did not expect that the mysterious suppression in this Tongtian River would actually turn into nothingness under the attack of his own soul. Otherwise, Xiao Yan would have to spend a lot of time trying to obtain the power to break through the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor.

"It's almost there, it's time to go." Standing up slightly, Xiao Yan glanced at this place and said immediately.

However, when Xiao Yan glanced over here, he was suddenly shocked!

If the previous Tongtian River was the Tongtian River, then the current Tongtian River is the real Tianhe!

With Xiao Yan's gaze, he saw that in the golden river extending toward the sky, there was only gold in colorless transparency!

But above the zenith at the end of the golden river, there seems to be something!

"What is that?" Xiao Yan is an alchemist after all, and his soul perception ability is not comparable to that of ordinary people, so he naturally discovered this scene that is difficult for ordinary people to discover.

It was a green mysterious object.

There was an indescribable terrifying aura all over his body, even Xiao Yan couldn't see what was inside.

However, this is the case, Xiao Yan is also sure that the thing is definitely not ordinary.

"Forget it, let's go." Xiao Yan didn't know what it was, but out of intuition, Xiao Yan knew that it must be extremely dangerous, so he left immediately.

Outside the Burning Incense Pavilion, the pot has already exploded.

"Damn, does this Xiao Yan want to be so arrogant?"

"It is said that there are countless mysteries in the Tongtian River, and at least the Tongtian River can help people improve their strength. How did Xiao Yan go in for fifty days and still not come out?"

"do not know."

"Could it be that he couldn't bear the pressure of the ninth-level cultivation cave and fell inside?"

"I don't think so. The top sect members are not moving. Let's wait and see the show." Some disciples in the Fenxiang Pavilion kept discussing in a low voice.

"What the **** is Xiao Yan doing inside?"

"Although the pressure of cultivating Dongtian at the ninth level is strong, it is impossible for him to have an accident?"

"It's been two months."

"I broke our first place in the Burning Incense Pavilion." Xiong Yuan was quite puzzled by what Xiao Yan was doing, and immediately said.

"Hehe, don't worry, I always feel that this kid is planning something." Mu Xuzi was really worried at first, but now he has calmed down. After all, after careful consideration, Xiao Yan's strength and temperament are beyond doubt.

"What do you mean?" Xiong Yuan heard the words and looked up at Mu Xuzi, as if this time, Mu Xuzi knew something.

"You forgot the thing in the ninth-level cultivation cave?" Mu Xuzi smiled slowly.

"That thing?"

"That's not necessarily available to the eight-star Dou Di strong." Xiong Yuan was extremely surprised when he heard this.

As for what is in the Tongtian River from the first to the ninth level, they, the deputy hall masters, are not very clear.

"That's just for us, Xiao Yan is different." Mu Xuzi pretended to be mysterious.

"And I guess it will be soon, he will come out in a few days."

"At that time, I'm afraid the best guys in your dungeon will not be afraid." Mu Xuzi said with a smile.

"Mu Xuzi, make it clear, what's going on?" Xiong Yuan heard the words and immediately chased Mu Xuzi away.

As Mu Xuzi walked, he said, "Go back and inform the people in the Earth Palace that the time to enter the Dou Ji Pavilion is waiting."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After speaking, Mu Xuzi immediately disappeared.

"This Xiao Yan is really a freak, the ninth-level cultivation cave is..." Xiong Yuan felt terrible when he thought about it.

"what?"

"Do you want to postpone the time to enter the Dou Ji Pavilion again?" Zhu Yuan sat in a study in the underground hall, holding a book in his palm, and said in surprise.

"Second Senior Brother, it's not my fault."

"It's all the meaning of the deputy hall master." Wang Chen came over and told his second senior brother just after he got the news. After all, the second senior brother is a real seven-star fighting emperor, and he has just broken through, and it is extremely necessary to have powerful fighting skills. Right in front of you What is the reason. "Zhu Yuanneng, as the second senior brother, naturally has his excellence, and after a breath, Zhu Yuan regained his calm and spoke slightly.

"According to rumors, it was because of Xiao Yan of the Human Palace."

"Fifty days have passed, but Xiao Yan, who has entered the ninth-level cultivation cave, has not shown any signs of coming out, so the time to advance to the Dou Ji Pavilion should be to wait for Xiao Yan." Wang Chen muttered to himself. road.

"Fifty days into the ninth-level cultivation cave?" Zhu Yuan frowned upon hearing this.

To be able to persist in the ninth-level cultivation for fifty days is already considered to be extremely outstanding, and it can even be described as an evildoer.

Zhu Yuan had entered the ninth-level cultivation cave, and he was only stunned and forced to quit. After all, the pressure inside was not comparable to the eighth-level.

"It seems that the Hall of Humanity is about to turn over." After thinking for a while, Zhu Yuan stared into the distance and spoke slowly.

"Second Senior Brother, you mean..." When Wang Chen heard this, he seemed to have thought of something.

"Wang Chen, keep an eye on Tongtianhe. As soon as Xiao Yan comes out, let me know immediately."

"If it's really strong, I'm afraid you can do that for me too..." After Zhu Yuan finished speaking, a tinge of heat flashed in his heart.

That incident has troubled me for too long!

"Yes, Second Senior Brother!" Wang Chen agreed and went down immediately. Although he didn't know what these Second Senior Brothers wanted to do, Wang Chen knew that everything these Second Senior Brothers did was for the sect!

Ask for tickets!