Chapter Vol 4 1445: Patterns, patterns, stones!

At this time, there are many strong people emerging in the Sifang City of Tianming Mountain Villa, so this special space has also become hot.

The next day, when the sun spreads over the land, a new day arrives as scheduled.

"Hoohoo."

"It's finally better." Xiao Yan took a good rest for a day, and his energy and energy suddenly returned to their peak.

"Xiao Yan, the owner of the valley has something to do with you." Suddenly, Liu Qing knocked on Xiao Yan's door, said something, and then went back to their own houses.

"The owner of the valley is looking for me?"

"Could it be that you are going to see the master of the plane?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised. Xiao Yan also wanted to see, who is the master of the plane who controls the entire Yinhuntian. .

"Pfft, puff!" In an instant, Xiao Yan just got up and was about to look for Du Tianhong's affairs, but an unusually surging pain came out of Sheng Yan's heart in his chest.

"Sisi!" Xiao Yan couldn't help taking a deep breath, and then there was some dense cold sweat on his forehead. Obviously, this pain was deep into the bone marrow.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan could feel a faint aura about Mu Yingying emerging from Sheng Yan's heart, and this heart-wrenching pain seemed to be... Mu Yingying was warning him?

"The ethereal ice flame is a pure thing. It has a different perception of the power of evil than ordinary people. With such a tyrannical vibration, I am afraid that there are foreign evil races in the Heavenly Mountain Villa." The Lord of Soul Eater explained.

"The dignified Tianming Villa, the core of the four continents, has also been infiltrated by the evil tribes outside the territory?"

"These guys..." Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning when he heard the words. Obviously, through the events of Dongzhou, Xiao Yan already knew that the foreign evil clan had a special method to seal Sheng Yan, although this method did not help him. I don't know, so I just have to be careful.

"Who said infiltration?"

"I'm afraid it's a seal or something else..."

"This is the place where the Master of the Plane resides. Although I can't feel the breath of the Master of the Plane, but based on the defense and vigilance here, I'm afraid it's not a place where some small people can be presumptuous." Soul Eater The Lord rolled his eyes.

"Forget it, let's go and see what the Valley Master is looking for me." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan also slowly walked towards Du Tianhong's residence.

"Gu Master, are you looking for me?" Just when he arrived at Du Tianhong's house, he suddenly found the father and daughter drinking tea leisurely, and Xiao Yan knocked on the door.

"I have something to do with you."

"This time the four continents competition, but it is related to our ranking in Dongzhou, and this ranking is related to our future cultivation resources in Dongzhou, so you must do your best..."

"And if you perform well, I can recommend you to join the superpower in Li Soul Domain, and your achievements in the future will be limitless." Duan Tianhong said with a smile.

"Follow the order." Xiao Yan heard the words, and he snorted a little, and also went back to his own house. He couldn't think of Du Tianhong's intention.

"Father..." Watching Xiao Yan leave, Duan Qifei said with a tenderness in her beautiful eyes.

"This guy has a special status. I hope you will..." Duan Tianhong also said earnestly. After all, it was rare for Du Qifei to do this to a man.

As a reincarnator, Duo Qifei is naturally able to be easily attracted by the top management of Li Soul Territory, and Xiao Yan, with many mysteries such as the Heavenly Seed Sacred Flame, may also join Li Soul Territory, and then such geniuses will be there. The cloud-clustered realm is inevitably another scene. If the two support each other, the road ahead will be much easier.

"Dad, we don't need to worry about our affairs!" Looking at Du Tianhong's scheming appearance, Duo Qifei blushed and said something, and then she left here abruptly. She knew Daddy's good intentions, but she was a Samsara. Those who deliberately curb that kind of heartbeat, after all, the greater the ability, the greater the responsibility.

"These two guys." Duan Tianhong also smiled helplessly.

"What kind of medicine is this old guy selling in the gourd?" Xiao Yan also muttered to himself when he returned to his house, obviously unable to figure out why Duan Tianhong was looking for him just now.

"Forget it, while there is still time, let's take control of the power of the formation." For a moment, Xiao Yan didn't think about anything else, and slowly took out the formation that Yuan Yan had given him before from his collection ring. Law experience.

"Hey...that's a good thing."

"Yuanzong's illustrious name is not only a few words, but it is clear... Although this scroll records not the core of Yuanzong's true formation, but for the current you, it is enough." Soul Eater The Lord said with a casual glance.

"En." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded ecstatically, and then set up the soul barrier to wrap the house with his fiery eyes. Immediately, his palms were filled with dazzling spiritual power, gently wrapping around the scroll.

"Boom!" In an instant, a circle of unparalleled terrifying fluctuations was slowly released from the scroll.

"The way of the formation is mainly based on the core inscriptions, and the formation is against each other. The formation is invincible."

"The formation of the formation consists of the simplest formation diagram, and even the later formation stones and formation patterns."

"The so-called formation map records the complete formation. If you have the formation, you can easily cast the formation. However, most of the people who use the formation are outsiders, and the power of the formation is similar to that of the battle formation master. There is also a big gap in the formation method.”

"Because the array method cast according to the array map lacks the soul."

"As we all know, as a battle formation master, condensing a formation requires a lot of mental strength to support, so as to motivate the core inscription through the inscription of life, thus forming the foundation of the formation."

"The core inscription motivated by the inscription of life is called the pattern, and the strength of the pattern depends on the number of patterns."

"The last one is called the Formation Stone."

"The so-called formation stone is a special item that carries the formation pattern. It is invisible and invisible, and it will be formed independently according to the number of formation patterns and the tyranny of spiritual power."

"Weak Dou Formation Masters or Dou Formation Masters who have just started will spread the formation patterns in the formation, trying to enhance the strength of the formation, but as the strength is exhausted, if the formation patterns are spread in the formation , will be easily erased by those who are trapped in the battle, thus putting yourself in deep danger."

"The existence of the formation stone is an excellent cover for the fluctuation of the formation pattern, so it can maximize the power of the formation." The ancient information is like a tide, slowly from The scrolls emerged, and then poured into Xiao Yan's mind.

"It turns out that I made a big mistake before." Xiao Yan felt so many experience in the formation, and immediately became ashamed. Obviously, when he used the formation, he only distributed the formations in the formation. This is a qualified person. The taboo of the Array Mage.

"It seems that the battle formation master is really broad and profound... In the future, when fighting against people, you can prepare the formation stones in advance, hide the formation patterns, and you can achieve unexpected results in times of crisis..." Xiao Yan nodded slowly.

However, Xiao Yan couldn't move the thing that was like an ancient formation in his hand.

"Wow!" And Xiao Yan is also reading the scroll's experience about the formation technique. At the same time, Xiao Yan is above the battle formation master, and it is really counted as entering the room. If he is at war with others, I am afraid it is also Can not be as tired as before.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!