Chapter 147: chat!

Everyone's heart is as if there is a big mountain suppressing them.

In the room, as Hu Du's previous voice fell, the originally harmonious atmosphere suddenly became much heavier.

Because the nine of them also know that in terms of cultivation resources, compared with other places in the seven major cities in the border area of ​​Xuanling Continent, they will only be weak and not strong. He is too powerful, so even if he is as strong as Xiao Yan, his face is tense and his eyes are a little uneasy.

After all, the current strength of the nine people present is also at the peak of Xiao Yan's three-star Dou Emperor. The other eight people are all from the late stage of the Three-star Dou Emperor or at the peak of the Three-star Dou Emperor.

Among the younger generation in the seven major cities, they can indeed be regarded as the best, but after going to Xuantian three days, their competitors are also the best in various places on the Xuanling Continent. The border areas are lacking in resources, other The local arrogance is also much stronger than them, so the city lords of the seven major cities are also strongly in favor of sending their children to Xuantian to cultivate in order to obtain better opportunities and resources.

The nine of them left the seven major cities and went to the holy land of cultivation that countless people dreamed of on the Xuanling Continent. The people in the family have high hopes for them. If they can't join any sect, then they will be treated to them by themselves. It is also a huge blow to their self-esteem, and it will obviously be a huge blow to their self-esteem.

After all, each of them is the next successor in the seven major cities. If they can't join the sect, their prestige in the family will be greatly reduced, which will lead to certain obstacles in inheriting the father's business in the future.

Hu Du glanced at the nine people, but didn't say anything to comfort them, because there are countless people on the Xuanling Continent, not to mention that the selection of disciples of the super sects within the Xuantian three days is also extremely strict, not everyone can succeed in the end. Join it, so naturally some people are happy and some cry in between.

Therefore, Hu Du did not offer too much comfort. This kind of thing has to be realized by the person concerned.

Everyone was silent for a while, and then their eyes shone with dazzling brilliance again.

Obviously, even Hu Du's words did not shock them. After all, they still have to walk their own way in the future. They are the proud of the seven cities, but they are not necessarily afraid of the proud of other places.

Seeing this, Hu Du also nodded with satisfaction. If the few of them couldn't even accept this small blow, they should go back as soon as possible, lest they would only be shamed if they went to Xuan Santian.

"Okay, since there's nothing else to do, go down and rest. You remember to adjust your peak state this month." Hu Du also said.

"Well." Everyone also said.

The "ferry boat" was driving steadily and rapidly from the black space passage. It was not long after Hu Du's words were over. On the second floor of the boat, there were several figures sitting around the wine table. It was Xiao Yan, Yueru, Feng Yihe Wang Zhong, Liu Yin, Sun Ming, and the enchanting seven people.

As for Mueller and the living dead, the seven people present didn't like to see them very much, not to mention that the relationship between the two of them and Xiao Yan was deadlocked, so naturally it was impossible to call them.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Originally, Xiao Yan only called Wang Zhong and Sun Ming. After all, he was too impressed with these two.

One is the sword idiot Wang Zhong, who is comprehending the meaning of swords and mainly cultivates the meaning of swords, and the other is Sun Ming, a berserker who cultivates the flesh.

Liu Yin was obviously very curious about the fire spirit on Xiao Yan's body, so she would definitely not miss this opportunity, so she followed, but the fire spirit fell into a deep sleep, so she had no choice but to do it.

As for Feng Yi and Yaomei, they seem to have a good relationship. As soon as they saw Liu Yin's movement, they hurriedly followed, for fear of missing something, so there was a scene where the seven gathered.

Originally, Xiao Yan also thought that before Xuansan Santian arrived and everyone had not gone their separate ways to get together, firstly, it was for many friends. Xuan Tiantian knew very little. Seeing how Wang Zhong and the others were hesitating to speak just now, it was obvious that he knew something.

Wang Zhong and the others also understood Xiao Yan's intentions, and they arrived as promised. After all, the Xiao Yan in front of him did not say anything else, just that light can obtain the great fortune in the ruins, which can show that his strength is terrible, and there is another most important thing. reason.

Xiao Yan is now a first-rank Emperor Rank pharmacist!

Even their three-star Dou Di strong are willing to make friends with such identities.

The seven people sat around the wine table. Obviously, they also knew that no matter what reputation and title they had in the seven cities in the past, they all understood that when they arrived at Xuan for three days, they would all fade away.

The road of cultivation and the road in the future must be taken by themselves, and no one knows whether they will climb to the top again or return to the ordinary.

Therefore, it was the first time that the seven of them went out such a long way, and they gathered together immediately. One was to solve the boredom on the way, and the other was to make friends. After all, when you go out, there are many friends and many ways to go. In the future, too Good mutual help.

The four girls chuckled and discussed some topics exclusive to girls, apparently because of their current age, they were also quite homesick.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also smiled slightly, then picked up the wine glass and smiled at Wang Zhong, who was beside him: "I have long heard that Brother Wang's sword intent is very pure, and when he saw it in the ruins that day, it was extremely tyrannical."

In the ruins of the Warcraft Mountains, Xiao Yan also clearly remembered the giant sword used by Wang Zhong. He was alone against a guardian of the peak of the three-star Dou Di. Xiao Yan was really surprised, and the mark on Wang Zhong's forehead was removed. Strength is also capable of bursting out extremely powerful forces in a short period of time.

"Brother Xiao passed the prize." After Wang Zhong finished speaking, he also toasted.

Obviously, this Wang Zhong is also obsessed with Sword Intent, and he is quite numb when it comes to personal affairs. Xiao Yan also smiled understandingly and didn't say anything, because he also knew that although this Wang Zhong was taciturn, if he really fought It seems that no one dares to underestimate it.

Wang Zhong raised his head to look at Xiao Yan with his black cloth wrapped around his forehead, and also raised his glass and drank it.

"I can feel that you are a rare opponent, so I hope I will have the opportunity in the future, let me try my sword well..."

Xiao Yan smiled and said cheerfully, "I will accompany you at any time."

Then Zai raised his glass and chatted with Sun Ming for a while.

After a while, Xiao Yan looked at several people with a smile on his face. In fact, he knew that everyone had already heard from the envoy of Hu Du about the challenges that will be faced in the future, so they all felt a little pressure.

Xiao Yan raised his wine glass, looked at everyone, was silent for a moment, smiled and said, "Everyone, we are also friends who have fought side by side, although our seven major cities are only a small place compared to Xuantiantian, but the starting point cannot determine a person's ending point. , so when we stand at the top of the younger generation in this Xuanling Continent one day in the future, they will know how amazing our small seven cities are."

"Everyone, I hope to see you again at the height of Naxuan three days."

"I'll do it first as a respect!"

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, there was also a strong desire for war in his eyes. Obviously, Hu Du's words aroused the passion in his heart.

Yueru also looked at Xiao Yan in a daze, obviously Xiao Yan exuded a different kind of charm at this time.

Feng Yi was also attracted by Xiao Yan's words, and looked at the latter with interest.

As for Yaomei and Liu Yin, they also looked at several people in the arena together.

Wang Zhong and Sun Ming also heard Xiao Yan's words, and immediately felt the blood in their bodies boiling slightly, then raised their wine glasses and collided heavily.

"Haha, so let's compare and see how many of us can be famous for three days after a few years!"

The update will start tomorrow, and strive to complete the ninth update by the end of this month!