Chapter Vol 4 1269: Power level division!

"Let's go." Duan Yu also noticed Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power, and said slightly.

This Mo Yu and Du Feng have a good relationship, but the two have been fighting endlessly, so the two are facing each other in many places. Just now, the elder Du Feng knew that these three guys were brought over by Mo Yu, and couldn't help it. Made some small moves.

Du Feng is a three-star fighting immortal-level strength. He just used the pressure of his own three-star fighting immortal. He originally wanted to give Xiao Yan and the three of them a disgrace, but he was eliminated by Xiao Yan's soul power.

"Come in." Du Feng said slightly, but this time it was extremely calm and nothing happened.

"I'll go down first." Hearing Duan Feng speak, Duan Yu didn't stay too long, and then retreated.

"What should we do now?" Yuwei couldn't help but ask, obviously the pressure just now, if it wasn't for Xiao Yan, I'm afraid they would have already fallen down.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan laughed, then took the lead and walked towards the wooden house. The other two women also followed after seeing this.

As soon as they entered the wooden house, the quaint sandalwood scented their nostrils, which actually calmed their minds. At this time, a white-haired old man slowly stood up in the wooden house. In front of him, some people used to register registration information. Pen and paper, and even a crystal ball of excellent quality.

"Junior Yecheng Yuzong has seen the elder Dufeng before."

"Junior Ye Chengyuwei, I have seen Elder Dufeng."

"Junior Xiao Yan, I have seen Elder Dufeng." The three of Xiao Yan said one after another.

"Hey, boy, it's you who just cleared my Dou Qi coercion?" Duan Feng looked like a disrespectful old man, his figure flashed like a ghost, and he came to Xiao Yan's side and spoke in a low voice.

"Junior is just a fluke." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say that the strength of this Forging Wind is too tyrannical. According to Xiao Yan's guess, this guy's strength is probably stronger than Mo Yu.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hey, don't hide it, you kid. The soul power you just created to resist my vindictive pressure is a little different." Duan Feng said with a smile on his face, with his smart eyes, even Xiao Yan Just a moment of releasing the power of the soul, it is also aware of something.

"Lord Dufeng, the three of us are here to register the ratio of Dongzhou." Yu Ranran also couldn't understand why Dufeng was holding on to Xiao Yan and hurriedly spoke.

"Hehe, two nice little girls, not bad." Looking at Yu Ran Ran's mouth, Du Feng was not forcing Xiao Yan.

"Then come one by one."

"Professional strength of life, report it to me so that I can register." Duan Feng saw that Xiao Yan didn't do anything else, and returned to his desk slightly.

"Junior Yuwei, One Star Fighting Immortal is complete, and there is no occupation yet." Yuwei said softly.

"Okay, the information has been registered. There is one more step. Enter your fighting spirit into this crystal ball. We also have a division of strength." Du Feng picked up the ink pen and wrote some handwriting on the registration white paper, then immediately Du Feng waved his palm lightly, and the crystal ball on the desk flew towards Yu Wei.

"En." Hearing this, Yu Wei glanced at Xiao Yan and her sister, and then gently lifted the crystal ball with her palm.

"Relax, calm down, you only need to inject the Dou Qi into your Dou Core." Duan Feng said, but he still had expectations for Xiao Yan.

"Weng Om!" Du Feng's voice just fell, and suddenly a cyan light burst out from Yu Wei's body.

"Zizi." With the emergence of this cyan light, the crystal ball suddenly glowed with a strong glow, lighting up Yuwei's body.

"Five." After a while, as the light dissipated, a vague word appeared on the crystal ball.

"Level five... not bad, not bad." Du Feng was not too surprised when he saw this. After all, Yuwei's strength is not as strong as that of a two-star fighting fairy, so it is reasonable to be rated at level five.

"Senior, what is this?" Yu Ran Ran asked out loud, wondering what Du Feng meant by the fifth level.

"Ha ha."

"The ratio of Dongzhou is very important, and it is not necessary for people from Dongzhou. After simple registration information, it is necessary to test its strength."

"The test tool is this crystal ball."

"This crystal ball was cast by our master of the Thunder Valley, which can undoubtedly test the tyranny and purity of a person's fighting spirit."

"From low to high, there are a total of ten grades."

"However, the tenth level, from ancient times to the present, is only achieved by the owner of the valley." Du Feng said.

"Level five..." Yu Wei looked at the numbers on the crystal ball in her hand and fell into deep thought.

"Miss Rain, ordinary people's fighting qi energy after condensing Douhe can only be rated as level three. You can be rated as level five, which is quite excellent." Du Feng laughed.

"Yeah." Yuwei didn't feel anything was wrong and nodded lightly.

"I'll come next."

"Yu Ran Ran, two-star fighting immortal late stage." Yu Ran Ran said with a slight smile.

"Two-star Douxian late stage?" Du Feng heard the words, although he knew that this guy's strength was good, but he was still shocked.

There is no doubt that those who can reach the two-star Dou Xian at this age are undoubtedly not the best in the entire Eastern Continent.

"Two Star Dou Immortal late stage..." Xiao Yan nodded slightly when he heard the words.

In Yecheng, their Yuzong forces are quite tyrannical, and their suzerain is a powerhouse in the late Samsung Dou Xian. Even though this is only a level difference, the difference is not even a little bit.

After all, humans on the upper plane are born with the basic strength of Dou Sheng and above, and do not need to cultivate from Dou Qi like Xiao Yan, so the difference in strength between the parents and children of a family will also be affected by the Shrink a lot.

After all, the level of Dou Xian can reach various levels, and it has nothing to do with the innate talent at birth.

"Weng Om!" After a while, the crystal ball in Yu Ran Ran's hand slowly emitted a dazzling energy, and then a conspicuous "eight" stood in it.

"Sister, you are so amazing." Yu Wei said happily from the bottom of her heart when she saw this.

They are sisters, they are not very different in age, but their strengths are very different, which is largely due to talent.

Dou Xian's cultivation is very difficult. If ordinary people don't have enough opportunities, it may take hundreds of years and thousands of years, and it is difficult to improve one point. Not everyone is like Xiao Yan, who can rely on swallowing Sheng Yan to advance.

"Level 8?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a huge wave in his heart.

Xiao Yan originally thought that Yu Ran Ran's strength rating would be level seven, but how did he know it would be level eight!

But thinking about it carefully, it is also true that when Yu Ran went to Duanhundong to rescue Yu Ran Ran with Yu Wei, Yu Ran Ran was poisoned and did not take action, and she has never been seen to take action later, but she only vaguely knew her strength.

Being able to evaluate it as level 8, Yu Ran must be a rather terrifying master.

"It's actually the eighth level?" Du Feng, who was on the side, was quite surprised when he saw this.

"Senior has won the prize." After Yu Ran Ran finished all this, she backed away slightly and handed the crystal ball into Smile's hands.

And after the strength rating of the two was completed, the rest was Xiao Yan.