Chapter 253: The cloudy moon is now, and the ghost emperor is born!

Outside the door of the seal, Yue Ru and Mu Feng, who had closed their eyes and rested their minds, listened to Xiao Yan's big drink, but they didn't have time to think.

As soon as the two of them left, they saw that the sealed door that was blocking them in front of them shattered instantly, and two completely different forces permeated the sealed door.

Then, I saw a milky white flame figure quickly leaving from inside!

Rather than leaving, it is better to say escape!

"Damn it, aren't these twin ghost emperors only half..."

"The strength is so terrifying..." Xiao Yan also said in a deep voice while flying.

It was obvious that the ghost qi on the woman in white just now was only a little bit less than the last point before it was fully integrated, but the power of the black qi attacking him on the ghost face was very terrifying. According to Xiao Yan's guess, even a five-star Dou Emperor powerhouse would know that power. When he was seriously injured and fell, he immediately threw a touch of gratitude towards the Nine Souls Monument.

If it hadn't been for the Nine Soul Monument shot at a critical moment, then although I couldn't say that I fell on the spot, I would definitely be injured...

After all, there are still four days left before the points grabbing competition.

"What the **** is in there, how can this aura be so terrifying..." Mu Feng also discovered the terrifying aura behind Xiao Yan, but he didn't have time to think about it, so he had to go out and talk about it.

Xiao Yan finally, Yueru and Mu Feng were in front, and the three quickly fled.

"Come on!"

Tianhuo Shenghu also felt that a terrifying fluctuation in the deepest part of the soul-suppressing well was slowly waking up, and immediately shouted to Mu Yingying.

Then, regardless of the three-seven-twenty-one, picking up Mu Yingying was a 100-meter sprint, and went out of the soul-suppressing well.

Mu Yingying's slightly unhappy beautiful eyes also disappeared cleanly when she felt the breath in the depths of the Soul Requiem Well.

"Is that the powerhouse in the ghost world..." Mu Yingying said slightly.

However, Mu Yingying also understood the situation at the time, and her speed was increasing. The azure flame was constantly attached to her body, and she was on the back of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, heading for the exit.

At this time, the first and second floors of the Infernal Corpse Forest are like no one, and there is no human breath at all.

It's just that the first and second floors of the Infernal Corpse Forest are full of ghosts!

They have different shapes, but without exception, their bodies are covered with extremely terrifying ghost aura. More importantly, their pupils are all staring at the sky of the corpse forest.

Above the sky in the corpse forest, there is a bright moon...

It's just that this bright moon is different from ordinary ones. The color of this bright moon is gray!

A dead gray like death!

Under the illumination of the moonlight above the sky, the numerous ghosts in the corpse forest have also grown by leaps and bounds!

"Ouch..."

"Roar..." The Infernal Corpse Forest at this time was already chaotic!

"The cloudy moon appears, the ghost emperor is born..."

"It seems that the twin ghost emperors have broken through the seal..."

"I don't know what happened to the Nine Soul Monument..."

"Nine Soul Monument, I, adding the Yinyue Tianlang, the twin ghost emperors are not without a chance..." Chang Yu, a man in red robe, also said.

"damn it!"

"A step late..." Wu Jiang also raised his head to look at the moon above the sky, and also understood.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What to do next..." Hu Du also said solemnly.

"What else can I do!"

"You can only wait!" Shen Yue also said.

Although Shen Yue was a bit harsh, his nature was not bad after all. Wu Jiang also brought him in, leaving only a few people to guard the periphery.

"How did this place become like this..."

"The ghost is getting more and more serious..."

"Even the grudge in our body is slowly eroding, this ghost..." A thin humane beside Qiu Huoniao said.

"Sky!" Another attendant also exclaimed.

"This is..." Wen Yan Qiu Huo Niao also raised her head to look at the sky.

"Overcast Moon!"

"Damn, this kind of rare thing will be encountered by us..."

"From now on, don't **** other people's points, and find the contestants to get together!"

"Also, save your vindictive energy!" Qiu Huoniao finished speaking, and walked towards the direction of the soul-suppressing well.

"This..." Luo Guang was also surprised.

"It is said that in the corpse forest, every thousand years, there will be a scene called the yin moon. When the corpse comes, the power of the ghosts in the whole corpse forest will be improved to varying degrees, and vice versa. to suppress our vindictiveness..."

"It's troublesome now..." said a woman next to Luo Guang, and then she bit her lips.

"Shabu Shabu!" Luo Guang also understood the seriousness of the matter at this time, and then took out the participation token in his hand. At this time, he didn't care about the ranking of the points grabbing competition...

"Why is it useless..." Luo Guang questioned. Obviously, when he participated in the competition, he said that if something happened in the corpse forest, as long as the token was crushed, it could be sent out...

"It's useless, now the entire Yin Corpse Forest is shrouded in a cloudy moon, you can only enter but not exit..."

"And I can feel that the disappearance of the people we participated in this point looting competition should have something to do with the ghosts in the corpse forest..."

"Maybe they arrested us as sacrifices..." The woman also said.

"What should I do now..." Luo Guang said helplessly. Although he has a strong defense, his brain is not very bright...

"I feel the breath of Wujiang and the others. They should be here to solve this problem, let's go!" The woman walked up after she said that.

"damn it!"

"It's actually a cloudy moon..." A woman with an enchanting figure also said viciously, and then there were many small snakes constantly going back and forth on her body.

"Owner……"

"The breath of the twin ghost emperors is so powerful..." The silver blue thunder wolf king was also afraid After all, he is only a fifth-rank beast of the emperor rank, only comparable to the human five-star fighting emperor. strong.

"I'm going down."

"What should come is still coming." Xiaoyue also said with a solemn expression.

"But this Xiao Yan is really beyond my surprise. Not only did he conquer the dragon soul in the secret realm, but he also got the treasure in this soul-suppressing jade tablet..."

"I'm jealous of that thing..."

"It's just that the Nine Soul Monument is too stingy..." Xiaoyue also laughed, and then fell directly into the soul-suppressing well.

"Hongye, let's go."

"Looking at this battle, Yin evil should have come out, let's go meet him."

"This time, I will let you all come back!" Youquan also said viciously, but at this time, Youquan's strength has changed drastically.

Hongye also didn't speak, and followed Youquan down the ghost town.

"Sir Yinxie, you can't be in trouble, Xie Yin has been swallowed up by this secluded spring, sir, can you..." Zhengui Jingkou, the ghost spirit also said slowly, and then threw himself down.

As these people entered one after another, the ghost town at this time was going to be quite lively.

Ask for tickets!

Tomorrow morning, I have to take the exam for subject two~

Wish me luck!

There should be an update on Saturday!

Hurry up and smash the recommendation ticket!