Chapter Vol 4 1741: Blood River Bell, No. 10,000 Ghosts, drive out 0 souls!

"Boom!" The deafening voice resounded throughout the desert hinterland like the wrath of a god.

As the two methods were exhausted, the entire desert hinterland was completely shrouded in the Heaven Devouring Divine Realm of the Lord of Soul Eater. Countless black incantations permeated the Divine Realm, setting off the body of the Lord of Soul Eater like a real god, which could not be shaken. !

At the same time, around the Lord of Soul Eater, a blade all outlined by black incantations burst out with bursts of supreme might that devoured the sky and devoured the earth, quietly crawling beside him!

"Crash!" On the other side, the body of the master of the soul turned into a stream of light, holding the evil soldier's soul-destroying sword, and in a world-destroying attitude, he stabbed the master of the soul eater, and wherever he passed along the way, those black curses Wen was actually completely obliterated by him, and even the domain space of swallowing the gods was blocked by him.

"Go!" With a flick of the main song of Soul Eater, the black blade made up of the source power of Soul Eater also burst out with a supremely gloomy aura, and shot directly at the Lord of Soul!

"Hahaha!"

"Master of Soul Eater, the grievances between us for many years...let's understand!"

"Fall for me!" With a loud shout, the blood of the Lord of Li Soul appeared all over his body, and all of them were poured into the Soul Killing Sword. At that time, the Soul Killing Sword seemed to be pulled, and the bright **** aura spewed out like a spring, and immediately In an instant, it turned into a thousand-zhang blood-colored sword light, and it vaguely carried a powerful aura that destroyed the world!

"Boom!" The two attacked in an instant, and then an explosion resounded throughout the sky, spreading completely!

"Crash!" The black and blood-colored energy, centered on the Heaven-Swallowing God Territory, completely turned into ripples of destructive energy, blasting away at the desert hinterland, and even some hills above the desert hinterland. After touching it, it instantly disappears!

"Crack!" With a sound, Tiantian Divine Realm was completely shattered, and the sky returned to its original color, but the messy sky at this time revealed a gloom, obviously already riddled with holes.

"Finally... it's over." Slowly holding the Xeon Evil Soldier's Soul Destroyer Sword, the Lord of Li Soul stood quietly in the clouds, watching the Heaven Devouring God Territory completely shattered, and even the breath of the Soul Eater was sluggish. whispered.

I have planned for such a long time, although I have paid a very painful price, but everything is worth it!

Because he not only harvested many holy flames in Xiao Yan's body, but also the soul-devouring talisman of Soul-devouring Domain and one of the evil soldiers, such a rewarding battle made the Master of Li Soul can't help laughing wildly.

Not to mention the many holy flames in Xiao Yan's body, plus the Soul Eater Talisman number 11 on the Evil Soldier Ranking, this time, the Master of Soul Li himself is the biggest winner.

From now on, the Master of Soul Li will completely take over the Soul Devouring Realm, and the Master of Soul Li will control the two largest areas in the ghost world. With time, even the center of the ghost realm with the most powerful posture will completely bow down. at your own feet.

Thinking of this, the Lord of Li Soul was shocked.

"Ding ding!" Just as the Lord of Li Soul secretly secretly rejoiced, a magical sound that penetrated the heavens and the earth slowly spread out.

"Gu Long." With a tremor from the demonic sound, the Lord of Li Soul only felt that his body could not help but froze, and even his soul fell into a brief out of control.

"Lord Li Soul, it's too early to say win now." But as soon as the voice fell, the ripples of destruction dissipated, and a strong man holding a blood-colored bell slowly stood at the top of the sky.

"Master of Soul Eater?"

"You're not dead?"

"How is that possible?" Seeing the Lord of Soul Eater standing unscathed in the clouds, a shock emerged from the eyes of Lord Li Soul!

How tyrannical the Soul Destroyer is, and the Master of Li Soul, just in case, did not hesitate to spend his own blood to cast his Soul Blade. The powerful blow under such a heavy blow did not obliterate the Master of Soul Eater, or even Unscathed, this made Lord Li Soul's heart involuntarily become vigilant.

The Lord of Soul Li stared at the past, only to see that on the palm of the Lord of Soul Eater at this time, a small bell that had already turned red slowly emerged, and a red protective cover was all over his body, protecting the Lord of Soul Eater like a sky curtain. , and even the Xeon attack of his own soul destroyer, just dented the red cover without any damage.

"That's..." After a brief moment of surprise, Lord Li Soul's expression was attracted by a blood-colored shackle around the Lord of Soul Eater.

Above this blood-colored shackle, there is an extremely powerful and sinister power, under this power, even the soul destroying knife is slightly inferior.

And this power, all of which emerged from the red bell.

"Another evil soldier?"

"How is that possible?" Seeing that the small bell actually made his heart tremble, the Lord of Li Soul said tremblingly.

There are a total of twelve evil soldiers in the ghost world, each of which contains unpredictable supreme power, and although the Soul Eater Talisman is only ranked eleventh, in the hands of the Soul Eater Lord, it is enough. It was on a par with the top nine evil soldiers, and even so, there was still a big gap between him and the seventh-ranked Soul Killer, so Li Hun felt that he would definitely win this time.

But at this time, the small red bell in the Lord of Soul Eater's hand is also an evil soldier, and judging from the red defensive cover and shackles that resist the attack of his own Soul Killer, the seventh ranked Soul Killer is more powerful. !

"This is the blood river bell." The Lord of Soul Eater waved casually, dispersing the defensive cover and red shackles around him, and looked at the Lord of Li Soul indifferently.

"The sixth-ranked Blood River Bell?"

"How could it be possible..." At this moment, Master Li's expression finally became unbearable. He knew that he was also a reincarnation. If the Lord of Soul Eater used the power of two evil soldiers at the same time, he would be the only one Only after stepping into the first level of shock can he completely defeat him, otherwise his end will be self-destruction.

"ended."

"You have done a lot of evil. Let's end these grievances with your fall today." After a while, on the hands of the Lord of Soul Eater, the red blood river bells and the black Soul Eater Talismans emerged together. A terrifying power that can make everything pale.

"Don't think that if you have two evil soldiers, you can obliterate me!"

"Wan Soul Technique, the blood soul of the sky!" At this moment, Li Hun's heart finally filled with a trace of fear If Soul Eater really let Soul Eater take the initiative to use the two evil soldiers, he would have only one way to perish. .

"Boom!" As soon as the voice fell, the master of Li Soul suddenly laughed violently, and the soul destroying knife in his hand burst out with dazzling blood. The Lord didn't hesitate too much, the Soul Killing Saber suddenly went towards his wrist, the wrist was cut by it, the blood flowed, and the scarlet blood was directly absorbed by the Soul Killing Saber.

"Hey!" The Soul Killing Blade absorbed such a huge blood power, and suddenly an illusory evil shadow suddenly emerged from its blade, and immediately suspended above the head of the Master Li Soul, holding the Soul Killing Soul that exudes endless blood radiance The knife, like a real ghost descending, is extremely gloomy!

"Die!" Seeing Lord Li's actions, Lord Soul Eater suddenly folded his palms, and Xuehe Ling burst out with a crisp sound. Adding the black lines of Soul Eater Talisman, in an instant, the entire sky was surrounded by countless Ghosts, soul creatures completely paved the way!

At this moment, tens of thousands of spooky ghosts and soul holy spirits quietly crawl at the feet of the Lord of Soul Eater. It is on the body, engraved with the black incantation of the Soul Eater Talisman, even on the bell of the Blood River Bell. Down, there is endless killing intent in the pupils!

They humbly bow at the feet of the Soul Eater, like their most respected king!

At this moment, the divine might is like fire, and the Lord of Soul Eater is the strongest ruler in this world. As for the Lord of Li Soul, he is somewhat dispensable like a supporting role.