Chapter Vol 4 1526: Xiao Lei's might, swallow pills!

"Buzz!" In an instant, the two kinds of holy flames on Xiao Yan's palm directly wrapped Wannian Xuanbing.

"Sisi." Immediately, even with the extraordinary high temperature of Sheng Yan, just when the Mysterious Ice of Ten Thousand Years was wrapped, a trace of cold air suddenly emerged.

"This thing is actually so strong." Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned and couldn't help but speak.

"This thing will take a lot of time, take your time." Seeing this, Soul Eater had no other choice for a while, so he could only speak helplessly.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan heard this and was not in a hurry. He carefully controlled the two holy flames, constantly catalyzing Xuan Bing.

Once the time passed, it was another few days. During these few days, Xiao Yan had been refining the ten thousand year mysterious ice tirelessly, but it was too hard. Fortunately, at the last moment, a trace of this thing slowly emerged. crack.

"Bang bang bang!" As Xiao Yan increased his strength, Wan Nian Xuan Bing suddenly exploded and turned into a cloud of powder, which was immediately condensed into a pile of liquid by Xiao Yan's flames.

At this moment, the three piles of liquid have been slowly formed, and with the addition of some other neutralizing medicinal materials, this first step is finally completed.

"This immortal-rank fifth-grade medicinal pill really lives up to its reputation." Xiao Yan wiped away his sweat and spoke slowly. It is so difficult just to refine it, and the next fusion, even pill tribulation, might be extremely difficult. .

It took Xiao Yan a lot of time and fighting qi just to refine the three-flavored herbs, but fortunately, with the existence of Fen Jue, the recovery speed of fighting qi was extremely fast.

"The next step is quite a difficult step... Although the wisdom in the young pill has been completely erased, but directly injecting these medicinal materials into it, I am afraid it will still cause a lot of unnecessary trouble." Take out the young pill, Then Xiao Yan's heart sank.

"Don't worry, let's do it." After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed and he stared at the four globs of liquid in front of him very nervously.

"Heart-suppressing grass, come in for me!" With a cold snort, the dazzling soul force swept out, and the first group of liquid was directly integrated into the young pill.

"Xuuuu!" The medicinal power of Heart Suppression Herb is quite gentle, so there is no difficulty along the way.

"Next is the magic core." Seeing the faint energy halo in the young pill, Xiao Yan also smiled contentedly.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a while, the dazzling energy liquid on Xiao Yan's palm was heading towards the young Dan's body, but this time, the young Dan, who already had the energy of the heart-suppressing grass, broke out a monstrous resistance. The meaning, obviously the energy of the two, one is too violent, the other is too soft, and the stalemate is hard.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"I still don't believe I can't cure you!"

"Give me a melt!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not believe in this evil. The dazzling soul power completely wrapped the magic core energy like a tide, and then launched round after round of offensives against the young Dan.

"Xuuuu!" Even if the power of the two was not right, under the control of Xiao Yan's terrifying soul power, they began to slowly merge.

And because two liquids poured into the young pill, bursts of refreshing special energy suddenly overflowed.

"Next is Wannian Xuanbing and the herbs for neutralization." After a slight pause, Xiao Yan said immediately.

"Melting it for me!" After a few breaths, Xiao Yan directly poured the liquid that Wannian Xuanbing had turned into the young Dan's body.

"Weng buzzing!" This time, there was no resistance. The liquid of Wannian Xuanbing entered directly into the young core. At the same time, a trace of chills that penetrated the heart suddenly spread throughout the house. Even Xiao Yan, who was carrying the holy flame, felt a deep sense of discomfort.

"Give it to me!" Seeing that among the young pills sent by the four groups of liquid, each of them immediately took up a position, and Xiao Yan immediately shouted!

Under Xiao Yan's control, those liquids didn't last long, but they were fused by Xiao Yan's subtle soul power. At that time, a strong Danxiang and a white jade-colored Ice Profound Dan exuded a tyrannical aura. The fluctuations slowly appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

"Successful." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but exclaimed, obviously even if he had a young pill, it would be quite difficult to refine the pill, but fortunately it was a success.

"Boom!" Bright explosions continued to emerge from Xiao Yan's house, and the soul power that Xiao Yan had set up collapsed in an instant.

"Not good...forget about the Dan Lei Tribulation!" And Xiao Yan's surprise didn't last a breath, but it was instantly replaced by a touch of heaviness!

Even if it is an elixir made from a young pill, it is a genuine fifth-grade immortal-rank elixir!

The power of thunder contained in the fifth-grade immortal-rank medicinal pill is not something that I can bear.

"Boom!" At the same time, above the entire sky of Tianming Villa, there were terrifying thunderclouds with strange shapes but boundless thunder, which suddenly appeared.

"Is this... someone is refining the fifth-grade immortal-rank medicinal pill?" The King of Heaven and Zuo Mu in the Tianming Villa slowly sat up and saw such a vision at this time, Zuo Mu exclaimed.

Inside their Tianming Mountain Villa, there is indeed the existence of an immortal-rank fifth-grade alchemist, but the existence of that level is all like a phoenix hair water chestnut, and they are often in retreat.

"The power of this Pill Thunder Tribulation is far less than Immortal Rank 5. It seems that someone is refining it with the help of young pills, and looking at the direction of Dan Lei's attack, it seems to be in a certain courtyard, I remember that there is Xiao Yan's shelter. It's really interesting." The King of Pluto was well-informed and smiled slowly.

"Boom!" In an instant, on Xiao Yan's body, the power of the holy flame disappeared, replaced by an extremely fiery flame.

"Damn." Seeing the terrifying thunder in the sky, Xiao Yan felt a heavy feeling in his heart.

"Let me try it." After a short while, a silver figure suddenly jumped out, then broke out of the house directly, and roared towards the rolling thunder above the sky!

This figure is impressively Xiao Yan's soul avatar, Xiao Lei, but at this moment on his body, a stream of thunder like a dead gray quietly emerged! Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

And just when this gray thunder came into contact with the rolling thunder above the sky, those thunders fled like frightened birds!

"Where to run!" The corners of Xiao Lei's mouth slowly wriggled, and then countless thunderbolts flowed directly into Xiao Lei's body along a rather special pattern, and the aura in Xiao Lei's body suddenly became surging!

And with Xiao Lei being dispatched like this, Xiao Yan was also afraid that Xiao Lei's identity would be exposed, so he took back Xiao Lei after a short while, but most of the power in the calamity had been swallowed up by Xiao Lei, so Xiao Yan was free to do so. With one blow, the Dan Lei Tribulation collapsed.

"Come back!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and immediately waved, Xiao Lei was also returning to Xiao Yan's soul realm.

Until this time, the Ice Profound Pill, which was used to devour the undead fire, was truly completed!