Chapter Vol 4 1889: Shocking battle!

"Crash!" The countless waves of water seem to contain some ancient power, and they just appeared to vent their anger with a terrifying aura that shattered the dead and shackled the ferocious Heavenly Fox Demon Commander. It is the void of the entire Battle Mountain Range that is filled with an extreme sense of depression and distortion, and the breathing of the two of them has become dignified.

"Ah ah ah!" At this time, the snow-white tail was actually intercepted in mid-air by the huge mirage sky, and the huge water pressure wrapped its tail tightly, twisting and crushing the latter, a Time, the tail vibrated violently, and after a few breaths, the huge depression was fed back to its body, and a trace of palpitating violence pervaded Lingtianhu Yaoshuai's cheeks.

This level of oppression made Tianhu Yaoshuai really moved. He never imagined that a small seven-star fighting immortal early stage powerhouse could actually display such a tyrannical attack!

"Little bastard, this commander is going to smash your corpse into ten thousand pieces!" After a while, Tianhu Yaoshuai hurriedly took advantage of Xiao Yan's loss of consciousness and retracted his tail, looking at the corpse that was crushed by the mirage sky. The snow-white tail that looks like a piercing roar roars out. If it is one step later, I am afraid that this tail will be completely crushed into powder, and then the original source will definitely be lost.

"This guy... is quite strong." As Xiao Yan's dragon scale fist and Tianhu Yaoshuai were indistinguishable, and the Mirage Sky Curtain blocked Tianhu Yaoshuai's sneak attack, thousands of people outside the venue were able to do so. The demon king's eyes narrowed slightly into a line, and a suspicious voice emerged.

Based on his experience, he was naturally able to perceive the power contained in the mirage sky around Xiao Yan, as well as the terrifying power above the dragon's arm that shook all things.

"Pretty powerful guy." After taking a breath, Xiao Yan's dragon scales covered Xiao Yan's arm, the pattern of the underlord was quietly crawling, and the pattern of the turtle-shaped underlord slowly surrounded his arm, like an ancient creature from ancient times. , quietly watching the world, Xiao Yan's body instantly retreated, hovering above the huge sea screen.

"Little beast!"

"This time, I'll see how you cope!"

"Tianhu Purgatory!" After he breathed, his withered tail merged with his body, and a scarlet suffocating aura spread out from his majestic body. After a while, it was densely packed like a spider web. By the side of Tianhu Yaoshuai.

"The power of the soul..."

"You Ming Tianxuan!" Seeing the furious attack of Tianhu Demon Commander in front of him, Xiao Yan's smile slowly changed from dull to cold. At the same time, an extremely surging soul force was coming!

At that time, the double attack of the mirage sky curtain and the power of the soul will completely wrap this mountain range, like a water temple containing all things imprisoned!

The water element cage, accompanied by the suppression of soul power, that kind of suppression, even the tyrannical Tianhu Yaoshuai who is like a half-step eight-star fighting immortal, is involuntarily vigilant.

"Crash!" After the blink of an eye, in the entire sky, countless snow-white fluff slowly fell off the Tianhu Demon Handsome, and every shake would make Xiao Yan's terrifying offensive contain a trace of trembling.

"It's actually Tianhu Purgatory. I didn't expect that even this was forced out. This is a fighting skill at the peak of the holy rank. It seems that this guy named Xiao Yan has made Tianhu Yaoshuai pay enough attention."

"The huge sea screen around Xiao Yan should not be underestimated, and he seems to have some unusual power. What kind of power is that?"

"..." There are some discerning people outside the Battle Mountain Range, and they said after seeing such a fierce battle in the field.

"This is... soul power?"

"Good guy, it's really unexpected." After Shun breathed, the pupils of the Ten Thousand Demon King became weird, and he smiled gloomily.

In the monster world, unless there are special monsters, they basically do not cultivate soul power, and there are very few monsters who cultivate soul power, but the monsters that can cultivate soul power are, to a certain extent, physical or combat power. For being weak, in the eyes of monsters, there is only an absolute disparity in physicality or strength. As for the other sidelines, such as the formation caster, they are quite disdainful.

"Boom!" In the field, the two attacked just after contact, and suddenly countless trees and rocks on the entire mountain range, like the end of an earthquake and tsunami, became restless, and even above the void there was a sound of the void collapsing.

"Boy, let's win with one blow!"

"If you can take this blow from me, the position of the demon commander will be handed over!" Surrounded by Tianhu Purgatory, the power of the Tianhu demon commander has skyrocketed a lot, and even a suffocating aura all over his body.

"Right on my mind!"

"If you can take this attack from me, keep your mouth shut!" Xiao Yan's eyes flickered with dazzling fighting intent, and he showed his strength to the limit, smiling slyly.

"bring it on!"

"Heavenly Fox Slash!" With an order, the shriveled snow-white tail on the back turned into a sharp blade in an instant, engraved with the figures of charming foxes, and immediately slashed down, countless charming and carrying The violent fox with monstrous aura rushed out.

The scarlet sword light flashed with extremely dangerous power, and with the sword light surrounded by countless violent foxes, even if it was a real eight-star fighting fairy, it could only temporarily avoid its edge!

"Weng Om Om!" The Mirage Sky Curtain, irrigated by the power of the soul, seemed to have vitality, and slowly transformed into a huge turtle-shaped creature composed of colorless and transparent water, entrenched behind Xiao Yan, watching the Heavenly Fox Purgatory With the help of countless suffocating appearances, Xiao Yan was quite unrestrained. When he stepped out, the turtle-shaped creature behind him was also a huge mountain-like body with a touch of a giant Xeon in the deep sea. Breath, swept away.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the huge turtle-shaped creature directly resisted the slash of Tianhu Yaoshuai with all his strength. After the breath, a trace of cracks cracked open on the suffocating sword light, and behind him was like a spider web. The celestial fox purgatory and the violent foxes surrounding Daomang were completely crushed with an aura of decadence!

For a time, an awe-inspiring breath and a surging explosion sound suddenly resounded from the void in the sky.

"This is... the power of the underlord?" At this moment, a very complicated expression flashed in Tianhu Yaoshuai's pupils, and just about to resist, a repression from the superior made him Unable to move, he could only stare blankly at the huge shadow of the turtle-shaped creature around him, slaughtering him.

Baxia is the true king of the dragon clan, and the patterned scales on Xiao Yan's arm clearly have the same origin!

"Boom!" The snow-white fluff containing the evil energy just touched the behemoth behind Xiao Yan, and a terrifying destructive force emerged spontaneously, and the energy ripples formed by the dim light energy and the scarlet energy completely exploded in the sky. , and even the countless vegetation and rocks above the mountains below were turned into dust in an instant. That kind of shocking battle shocked everyone outside the field!

"Tianhu Yaoshuai, you lost." After a while, the turtle-shaped creature behind Xiao Yan stopped abruptly. At the same time, Xiao Yan's hand wrapped in dragon scales slowly lifted up, pointed at Tianhu Yaoshuai, lightly lightly.

"I... I lost." At this moment, a sense of decadence appeared in Tianhu Yaoshuai's eyes. He had no doubt that if Xiao Yan hadn't stopped at this moment, he would have been completely defeated in the next moment. Its crushing, it is even possible...to fall directly!

Looking at the opening of the Tianhu demon handsome in the field, many other monsters onlookers flashed their surprises. They never imagined that this half-step eight-star fighting immortal rank Tianhu demon handsome, in the early stage of a seven-star fighting immortal powerhouse. In the hands, it would be so vulnerable!

At this moment, the audience was horrified!