Chapter 302: Liwei!

At this time, Mu Xuzi frowned slightly, and then with a wave, a terrifying Dou Qi light shield enveloped the power of the two.

After all, if such terrifying energy exploded here, then the hall would surely be said to be wiped out.

"Shabu!" At this time, the pupils of everyone in the hall shrank tightly in unison, and then held their breath, watching the two forces in the field collide with understanding.

"Hey, our Brother Li's halberd and mountain claws are outstanding even in immortal-level fighting skills..."

"I heard that Brother Li once used this fighting skill to kill a ghost in the ghost world that is comparable to a human five-star fighting emperor!"

"Looking at this Xiao Yan looks like a swollen face and looks like a fat man. Although the artifact above the heavy ruler is also extraordinary, it will definitely not be Li Ge's opponent..."

"It seems that God blesses us..." Some of the named disciples around Li Ji also said slowly.

Obviously, they did not find the halberd and fireball in the confrontation, so they also spoke out.

"Big brother is still big brother." Seeing this, Xiao Yi also smiled slowly.

The power in the fireball is exactly the same as his own power, so he naturally understands the horror in it.

After all, Long Yi was attached to the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng and became Xiao Yan's unique ruler, and he could also use Xiao Yan's power to help Xiao Yan resist the enemy.

"The artifact spirit on Xiao Yan's body is really not simple. It has reached the point where he can use human power to carry out an independent attack..."

"Artifact spirits of this level are quite rare even in these Xuansan days..."

"This little guy is really extraordinary. It's no wonder that he received unanimous praise from Chang Yu's high-handed and low-handed guy." Mu Xuzi also said slowly.

"And this artifact spirit is also quite interesting. Obviously, the strength of the peak must be extremely terrifying. Now that the strength is damaged, this little guy can actually conquer this level of artifact spirit. I said earlier that there is no background behind it, then I really don't believe it. ." Mu Xuzi also said in his heart.

On one side is the terrifying fighting technique used by Li Jiruo, one of the three leaders of the named disciples, and on the other side is the terrifying flame ball condensed by Xiao Yan's Chi Ling!

"Boom boom boom!" The flame **** glowing in twenty-three colors silently attacked Li Ji's halberd and split mountain claws with a monstrous weather!

Once the two collided, it was like a spark that ignited, bursting with dazzling light.

In the hall, there is a rather strange confrontation.

On one side was Li Ji's attack, controlling the halberd in his hand to attack viciously on the fireball containing twenty-three colors.

The terrifying silver battle qi seemed to slash the fireball out, but no matter how much Li Ji increased his strength, the silver halberd that had already resisted the fireball could not enter the fireball. The fireball was a circular shape. Surrounded by flames, he didn't move at all, as if he was dismissive of Li Ji's attack.

"Damn, this fireball is really weird..."

"It's as if my power has always been suppressed and swallowed up..." Li Ji also discovered the strangeness of the fireball, and immediately pondered.

In normal times, no matter who suffered such a terrifying attack as him, he would end up either seriously injured or dead on the spot!

"Humph!"

"It's time to end!" Long Yi also snorted coldly, and then an angry dragon roar echoed in the hall.

"Not good!" Hearing Long Yi's cold snort, Li Ji also subconsciously found something, and then stared at the halberd with silver light in his hand.

After Long Yi snorted coldly, the fireball that was originally stuck with the halberd suddenly burst into a monstrous light, and then broke through Li Ji's offensive in one fell swoop, and rushed towards Li Ji's body!

Li Ji also discovered this terrifying power, and immediately wanted to mobilize the vindictive energy of his entire body for defense, but he did not expect that the speed of the fireball was extremely fast, and the next moment it attacked Li Ji's body.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying flames attacked Li Ji viciously. Even Li Ji's strength in the early stage of the Five Star Dou Di couldn't withstand such a terrifying attack!

"Hey!" Li Li was also in order to not easily admit defeat, hard-working, trying to use the powerful body of five-star power to resist this horror attack.

However, the fireball containing the power of twenty-three colors of different fires, even if its power is not comparable to Xiao Yan's lotus of annihilation, its destructive power is not trivial!

"Shabu Shabu!" Long Yi also grinned happily, then looked at Xiao Yan with a face that was praised by Xiao Yan in his attempt to win.

"If you don't put out the flames, do you want to cause death!" Xiao Yan was also helpless, and said viciously to Long Yi, but anyone with a discerning eye could see that some of Xiao Yan's voice was just pride!

It is pride!

One of the three leaders of this named disciple is so vulnerable under Xiao Yan's artifact spirit, then Xiao Yan's own strength is also terrifyingly powerful!

"Yeah." Long Yi also agreed, and then Long Yi opened his mouth slightly and exhaled at Li Ji, and then all the flames on Li Ji's body returned to Long Yi.

"Cough, cough..." Li Ji also coughed violently, and then her pupils shrunk tightly just now, but just as she was about to say something, her eyes darkened and she fell instantly.

"Brother Li..." The people around him also hurriedly surrounded him. If there was anything wrong with Brother Li, it would be hopeless for them to join the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"This kid..." Mu Xuzi also walked over in a hurry, then held Li Ji's arm, feeling the injury in his body.

"He's fine, but he fell down temporarily because of lack of vindictiveness. After a while, he'll be fine." Mu Xuzi also said slowly.

At the same time, the hundreds of people in the hall also shrank their pupils and stared at Xiao Yan viciously.

The man with the heavy ruler on his back and the artifact spirit floating above his head are also extremely arrogant, but they are also helpless. Whoever made them lose their strength, now they can only swallow their anger when they are beaten.

"Come back, you did a good job." Xiao Yan also didn't care about Li Ji's life or death. After all, a person who pretended to be lofty and tried to challenge their disciples of Burning Incense Pavilion didn't need mercy.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And Xiao Yan finally let go of Li Ji's hand, or if he didn't let Long Yi stop in time Li Ji's skin is going to peel off if he doesn't die!

The horror of the power of different fire is not something that mere fighting qi can defend against.

"Fortunately not to be humiliated." Long Yi also returned to the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, and then Xiao Yan carried the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng on his back, walked to Mu Yingying and the others, and said slowly.

"Xiao Yan, you are really amazing..."

"Originally, I thought it would take a lot of time to solve this Li Ji, but I didn't expect..." Mu Feng also laughed, obviously happy for Xiao Yan's victory.

"Big brother, are you alright?" Xiao Yi also asked. Just now, Long Yi took advantage of Xiao Yan's power, and he was also concerned about it.

"It's fine." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"It seems that these named disciples hold a grudge against you, so you have to be careful." Green Flute also said slightly.

"I can't tell you that you are quite powerful." Mu Yingying also said, her silver bell-like voice and attractive figure and appearance also attracted the attention of many named disciples.

Xiao Yan naturally ignored Mu Yingying's words, and then looked at the other people in the hall slightly.

At this time, the other people in the hall all looked at Xiao Yan with the same eyes, and their malicious eyes seemed to be able to eat Xiao Yan raw.

"This Li Ji is the difference between the real disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion and the named disciples!"

"If you don't agree..."

"Then let's go together." Xiao Yan also said casually.

Ask for tickets!