Chapter Vol 4 1678: obscure!

"This guy is actually the Spirit of Holy Flame?" Looking at the figures of the strange little beast and the little Zhuoma, Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised. Naturally, he was still very surprised. After all, the gray flames on his body and the crystals on his forehead all exuded terrifying power. Even with Xiao Yan's current strength, he was still terrified.

"Weng buzzing!" At this moment, the undead ghost fighting spirit bird shadow was defeated by the seven-color energy attack. Even with the help of Xiao Yan's holy flame, it was still no match for the seven-color energy, the seven-color energy. The energy is unstoppable, and it descends like a punishment from heaven, causing the fighting spirit to continuously retreat. According to this state, it is only a matter of time before it is completely defeated, and once the fighting spirit is defeated, I am afraid that evolution is just nonsense.

"Hey!" Just when Xiao Yan's hands and feet were in chaos for a while and there was no countermeasure, Xiao Zhuoma opened his eyes slightly, a pair of gray eyes, constantly staring at the seven-color energy above the sky. spread out.

"Boom!" After a while, Little Zhuoma raised his palm and gently touched the gray crystals on his forehead. Immediately, a smear of gray liquid fell off, and then he waved his hand directly to the undead ghost fighting spirit who fell into the wind. inject away.

"嘁偁偁!" The undead dwarf bird, which had a disordered breath, was injected with this gray liquid, and the energy of countless feathers on its body seemed to be ignited, bursting out bright rays of light, and the energy above the body burned violently, frantically. He roared away at the seven-color energy, even if he killed himself like a moth to a flame.

"Boom boom boom!" With a sound, the body of the undead Mingque suddenly swelled, and immediately slammed into the seven-color energy. After the blink of an eye, the seven-color energy suddenly shrank, and the body of the fighting spirit turned into a gray light spot in the sky, obviously He had completely fallen here, but what made Xiao Yan feel strange was that he had already devoured the fighting spirit and had completely fallen. Logically speaking, he should have been injured, but nothing has happened now.

"Damn it..." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan felt a tinge of disappointment in his heart. He didn't expect to waste so much time and energy in repairing the fighting spirit. In the end, the immortal ghost bird did not evolve successfully, but instead brought his fighting spirit with him.

"Wait, something's wrong." Just when Xiao Yan was shocked, countless gray light spots in this void actually gathered towards a certain place, and after a few breaths, the body of the immortal ghost bird It was condensed, but this time, the body and strength of the Undead Sparrow were more solid and powerful than the previous one, and even the dark gray lines that appeared on the body because it devoured the King of Undead Sparrow. , is also increasingly apparent.

Those lines are gray, and they vaguely form a ferocious beast. If you look closely, it is actually an enlarged version of the little beast beside Xiao Zhuoma!

"So...this is the true meaning of the undead fire." For a while, Xiao Yan also understood something, and immediately stopped worrying about the immortal ghost. He knew that now the fighting soul has a trace of the original power of the undead fire, and only through the constant transformation of death After adapting to the new power and repeating this, it was possible to completely break through and evolve into a true Heavenly Fighting Soul.

It's all just a matter of time.

And his top priority right now is to immortalize the holy flame of fire.

"Junior Xiao Yan, the master of the three holy flames, came to the Holy Tan of Undying Fire this time, hoping to borrow Undying Fire from the senior."

"After mastering this fire, the younger generation will naturally be able to make a small contribution to the world." Seeing this, Xiao Yan clasped his fists and said respectfully to Xiao Zhuoma, his voice extremely humble.

If Xiao Yan’s previous guess was correct, then the current Xiao Zhuoma naturally cannot be inferred by common sense. Maybe under this petite body, there is a soul that has grown thousands or even tens of thousands of years. Respect Road.

"Fire Heart Tianyan, ghost face soul flame, ethereal ice flame, little guy, really hidden." As Xiao Yan opened his mouth, Xiao Zhuoma smiled like a ghost. At the time, he had come to Xiao Yan's side, laughter filled Xiao Yan's side, but the power that filled his body was shocking.

"Senior..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's pressure increased, but he still respectfully said, this little guy's laughter was as beautiful as the sounds of heaven, but the power of heaven and earth contained in it made Xiao Yan's body tremble uncontrollably.

"When I lost my memory before, thank you very much."

"If it wasn't for the two of you, once I fell into the hands of those guys, I'd be hard-pressed by the seal."

"And as the Spirit of Holy Flame, if something happens, Holy Flame will not escape bad luck." Little Dolma said in a low voice.

"Senior, what's going on here?" Xiao Yan asked immediately after listening to the words of the Holy Flame Spirit.

"Because of the holy flame and the threat of the Lord of Souls, my strength was lost and my memory was suppressed." Little Zhuoma said slightly.

"Master of the Soul?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"Before this, the Undying Fire had already fallen into the hands of the Lord of Li Soul. In order to regain the Undying Fire, I took the Undying Saint Tan Space to the Li Soul Domain. Some time ago, the Lord of the Soul unexpectedly sent the Undying Fire back. , but he seems to have other holy flame fluctuations in him, and I guess he has other plans to send back the undead fire." Xiao Zhuoma said Since then, I was going to appease Undying Fire, wait for it to stabilize, and leave here, but unexpectedly encountered the joint attack of Xuantian Temple, Demon Guard and Soul Temple at that time, so in order to protect Shengyan, he can only temporarily separate his own power from Shengyan, so There is a scene of amnesia. " Little Dolma explained.

"I see." Xiao Yan suddenly felt relieved after listening to Xiao Zhuoma's explanation.

"Senior..." After a while, the corners of Xiao Yan's mouth became dry, and it was obvious that things that were not dying would have to be said sooner or later.

"I know the intention of your trip, and the fact that you can swallow three holy flames at the same time also shows that your strength is not bad... But I have already helped you once, the previous favor has been repaid, and the preciousness of immortal fire The degree, I'm afraid..." Seeing Xiao Yan like this, Xiao Zhuoma smiled sweetly, but her heart was also extremely entangled.

Xiao Yan is carrying three holy flames on his body, and I am afraid that he can really step into the realm of the Great Thousand Worlds. Moreover, as the masters of the holy flames, they can naturally perceive that the cracks in the Great Thousand Worlds are constantly shattering, and I am afraid there will be more Soon, the Second World War will begin completely. By that time, I am afraid...

"..." Xiao Yan grinned when he heard the words, obviously Xiao Zhuoma helped him to truly evolve the undead ghost. .

"never mind."

"I was taken care of by you before with amnesia, and then the undead king of the undead sparrow was also beheaded by you. This undead fire, it is not a bad idea for you to try it." Seeing Xiao Yan's unrepentant appearance, Xiao Zhuoma smiled sweetly. , and immediately said in a rather strange tone.