Chapter 494: Shock the Xuanling Royal Family!

"Bamboo embers!"

"Do you want to rejoice at the war between our Xuanling royal family and the Fenxiang Pavilion!" Qin Tianhong roared with his eyes red.

Since this bamboo ember appeared, Qin Tian's heart became vaguely uneasy!

Shefu, a semi-immortal powerhouse alone, had already made Qin Tian feel a little tired, not to mention the two nine-star fighting emperors among the eight leaders of Medusa. Because of the strange black energy, I am afraid that Qin Tian has already been defeated!

But no matter how proud Qin Tian is, the weight of these two semi-immortal powerhouses has to be weighed!

Moreover, one of these half-immortals is still some Zhu Jin, who is known as the first battle formation master in the entire Xuantian Santian.

"Hahaha!"

"Qin Tian, ​​you don't need to use this excuse to threaten me."

"I'm afraid there are only two of you in the entire Xuanling royal family who can threaten me now, but it's a pity that you're not one of them." After saying that, Elder Zhu smiled rather funny, but But no one dared to underestimate Zhu Lao!

At this time, Lao Zhu was standing in the center of the sky where the thunderclouds were densely covered with thunderclouds, and waves of thunder and lightning of several tens of meters were constantly beating on him, and then the seemingly turbulent power of thunder was slowly absorbed by him. On that body, a tiny but frightening silver-white thunder appeared! .

"asshole!"

Qin Tian cursed secretly, and then glanced at the group of Medusa people who were attacked by the black dragon, feeling regretful.

If the black giant dragon at this time is given some time, I am afraid that it can directly defeat the nine powerhouses of the Medusa family!

At that time, adding some of Qin Tian's methods, Qin Tian will have enough confidence to kill the nine Medusa strong men, but Qin Tian also knows the current situation, and immediately does not hesitate, as if he is ready to move. doing what.

"Qin Tian, ​​this is not the you I know. The black aura on your body seems to smell like a ghost." Old Zhu walked close to the dense thunderclouds in the sky and said silently.

"Mind your own business!" Qin Tian snorted coldly, and then the black dragon that was attacking was recalled instantly.

The black giant pulled back, slowly clinging to Qin Tian's side.

"I can't believe that Duke Ming of Dignified Fudo has colluded with people from the ghost realm." Elder Zhu slowly shook his head, having confirmed his thoughts.

"Zhu Jin, you want to talk nonsense, how about this king, it's not your turn to point fingers!" Qin Tian forcibly supported, and then spoke.

"Since that's the case... then come on." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, his smile disappeared instantly, and then he waved his sleeves, and a huge lightning net made up of dense lightning bolted towards Qin Tian!

"Tips for carving insects!" Qin Tian dismissed it, but was extremely shocked in his heart!

Because of the thunder net that was attacking from above the thunder cloud, a strong and domineering aura emerged, causing Qin Tian to frown.

"The strong aura on the power of thunder is just to restrain the ghost... This is the trouble." Qin Tian secretly said in his heart, and there was no hesitation in the things in his hand.

"Roar!" The black giant roared, and the huge black dragon's tail swayed and slapped abruptly on the huge thunder net!

"It's you who's waiting!" Zhu Lao seemed to have expected such a scene for a long time. When he saw the black dragon's tail slapping out, he took a hand, and the huge thunder net instantly wrapped the black dragon. dragon tail.

"Bang bang bang!" The terrifying thunder net instantly tied the black dragon's tail, and then the dragon scales on the dragon's tail tightened slightly, and a rather miserable look came from the black dragon's pupils!

"Hoohoho!" After the black dragon's tail was wrapped up by the old bamboo net, a pure and domineering aura emerged from the net, and then abruptly dispelled the black aura of the original black dragon's tail. Nothing left!

"damn it!"

"What kind of power is this!" Qin Tian's eyes flashed with solemnity, and then he said to himself.

"Captain, if you can't do it, let's retreat first... King Xuanling and the others have already entered the Temple of Medusa, and the plan is halfway through." A few people standing on the desert core, their breath was wilted, and then the core used their own The weak soul power communicated with Qin Tiantong.

"Sigh... It seems that we can only retreat first." Qin Tian glanced helplessly at Zhu Jin standing in the thundercloud. The power that Zhu Jin had on his body at this time, I am afraid that Qin Tian couldn't deal with it when he was at his peak. Not to mention now.

"Sisi!" The next moment, the bamboo embers in the sky were like the **** of thunder, and his hands suddenly squeezed, and the huge thunder net that wrapped around the dragon's tail instantly exploded!

"Boom boom boom!" With Zhu Jin's pinching, the huge black dragon's tail was instantly cut into pieces by the fine mesh of the thunder net!

"Hohohoho!" The black giant roared in the sky, and its pupils were already full of blood!

"Blast!"

"The Medusa family, the Fenxiang Pavilion, Qin Tian has written down this hatred!" Qin Tian laughed loudly, and then the black giant dragon whose tail had lost its tail suddenly swelled up.

"Bang bang bang!" The terrifying fiery red flames, coupled with the strange black gas, gushed out instantly, and then filled the space!

At this critical moment, no one noticed that Tang Tang and the four actually skipped the white wall of the temple in a special way and entered the temple of Medusa!

"The power of flames and ghost energy... There are quite a few secrets on Qin Tian's body." Zhu Jin stood in the sky and watched Qin Tian and his party escape, but he did not stop him, because Zhu Jin knew that this It's not time for them to die.

"Go!" Zhu Jin didn't hesitate, a rather exquisite holding ring in his hand flashed a strange light, and then a silver-white scroll containing terrifying power appeared instantly!

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as the silver-white scroll appeared, it instantly turned into a bolt of lightning, as if piercing the sky, heading towards the place where the black giant blew itself at the speed of sound!

"Boom boom boom!" The black giant blew itself up, and strange black gas and terrifying flames suddenly emerged from its position! If the power of the two is allowed to spread, I am afraid that this Medusa clan's territory will cause a catastrophe!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

It's just that it hasn't spread a single point, and it's shrouded in the silver-white scroll of Bamboo Ember!

"Purification!" Seeing that the space where the black dragon blew itself up was shrouded in light on the silver-white scroll, Zhu Jin snorted coldly!

"Rush!" The next moment, the silver-white scrolls dispersed instantly, and then in the enclosed space, a wave of thunder power emerged, and in a few breaths, the strange black energy and The flames have long since been purified without a trace.

"Take it." After doing all this, Zhu Jin said slowly, and then the silver-white scroll returned to his hands, but at this time, a small black-red air appeared on the silver-white scroll.

"Zhujin, why are you here?" Shefu and his party just said to Zhujin above the sky.

"I happened to pass by, hehe." Old Zhu smiled slowly at Shefu, and then put away the silver-white scroll in an instant. After all, Shefu was an old fox, so it was not difficult to see the secret.

"Humph!"

"Old Zhu, isn't my Shefu the kind of guy who takes advantage of the situation?" Shefu was slightly dissatisfied.

"Cough cough cough..." Zhu Jin heard the words, and immediately pretended to cough a few words.

"Let's go down and talk." After that, Zhu Jin said something, and then the other eight leaders of the Medusa clan nodded.

Ask for tickets!