Chapter 555: Immortal Rank 4 medicinal herbs appeared!

"Damn Immortal Master Crazy Wood, actually put such a precious thing in this wooden hall..." In the void where the wooden hall was, once the figure said slowly, he couldn't help clenching his fists a bit.

At this time, the figure in the void outside the wooden hall was the prototype of the fourth-grade immortal-level medicinal pill.

Although I don't know why this 4th-grade immortal-rank medicinal pill will turn into a human shape at this time, the faint fluctuations emanating from its body at this time seem to be enough to reach the Nine Star Dou Emperor!

The strength is extremely terrifying!

Although the Immortal Rank 4th Grade Medicine Pill had long known that there were precious things in this manor, they never thought that it would be in this wooden hall!

The reason why he would let the box exist in the golden chair is because the golden chair is a formation, and the formation is quite good, even if it is his fourth-grade immortal medicine pill, it is enough to seriously hurt, so forgive me. Because of him, why didn't he dare to shoot rashly, so he kept letting it go.

Unexpectedly, Sanyao came here with human beings after waking up, and wanted to take away the most precious things in this mansion and manor!

"Humph!"

"With this soul liquid, I'm afraid I can completely get rid of the body of the medicine pill and turn into a real human... After all, I am the embryonic form of the medicine pill, and it's still not perfect..." The figure in the void finished slowly. , then the figure moved, and silently entered the wooden hall.

"what……"

"There seems to be some movement outside the door, is it an illusion..." Shanyao's beautiful eyes turned directly, and through the wooden door, she vaguely saw a space trembling slightly.

"Forget it, it must be an illusion, that thing should be in the backyard." Shanyao shook her head the next moment, and then said to herself.

But just the slightest connection between myself and this manor, I told myself that something seemed to be mixed in this wooden hall, but wasn't that thing always in the backyard? The strong atmosphere of the backyard may be transmitted by the manor. The information was wrong, and Shanyao didn't pay too much attention.

"This is..." Xiao Yan's palm slowly swept away the dust on the box, and then the wave of soul emanating from the box calmed down.

It was replaced by a rather mysterious bronze color.

"The contents here seem to be good things." There was a bit of contempt at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and then his eyes were fixed on the bronze-colored box.

Above the bronze-colored box, a group of wrinkled waves shook Xiao Yan's heart.

"What's above this box...is it the power of holy flame?" Xiao Yan was surprised to find that above this box, there was a terrifying aura that was isolated from the world and extremely powerful, which really isolated Xiao Yan's power.

"I don't believe I can't cure you?" Xiao Yan didn't believe in evil words, and then the Fen Jue in his body suddenly spun, and a huge force of different fires was continuously born, thus attaching to Xiao Yan!

"Burn me!" Xiao Yan said softly.

As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, the power of the fire in his body poured out like a flood against the box in his hand!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying power of different fire just appeared, and it was with a scorching temperature in this wooden hall, which made Shanyao and Snake Xing a little surprised.

"How can the power of flame on this kid be so terrifying?" Snake Xing was surprised and annoyed.

It's no wonder that Snake Punishment is like this. After all, Snake Punishment didn't fight against the flame figure just now, so naturally he didn't know the power of Xiao Yan's flame!

"This..." A few minutes later, the box was still as solid as a rock, Xiao Yan was slightly surprised, then frowned and stared at the box in front of him.

"Come again!"

The next moment, Xiao Yan's body became quiet, replaced by a huge soul power!

"Shabu!" The huge soul power poured out like a flood, and then the box also faintly resonated, and then it trembled slightly!

"There is a play!"

"It turns out that the flame pattern on the box is only to prevent some unpredictable people. What really helps is soul power." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was immediately overjoyed!

As Xiao Yan continued to increase the power of his soul, the top of the palm box also seemed to resonate, and in just a few breaths, it slowly opened!

"This is……"

"Soul liquid!" Two exclamations abruptly rang out from above the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire and from Xiao Yan's mouth at the same time!

"Soul liquid, this is the entry point for immortal alchemists!"

"The power of the emperor's soul is invisible and colorless, and it can be divided into a soul clone. The soul clone and the main body have exactly the same strength, but they do not have spiritual wisdom and need to be controlled by the main body, but once they are injured, they will be prosperous with the main body!"

"But once you step into the fairyland soul power, you can condense that soul power into a substantial liquid!"

The condensed soul liquid has a kind of attraction that makes countless alchemists quite crazy!

Break through the soul of the Emperor Realm!

There are also three levels in the soul of the emperor, the ordinary level, the earth level and the heaven level!

And the role of the soul liquid is that it has a great chance to break through the current predicament and break through to the next realm!

This is the mysterious thing that attracts countless alchemists!

However, since the condensing conditions of this soul liquid are quite harsh, there are very few soul liquids to appear!

After all, if you want to condense the soul liquid, only a pharmacist whose soul power has reached the celestial rank can forcibly draw his own soul power to fuse and condense, and then it is possible to condense the soul liquid!

As for the small-level pharmacist, he is undoubtedly a hegemon wherever he is placed. How could he take the risk of injuring the source to condense the soul liquid!

This also created the scarcity of soul fluid!

"I didn't expect to encounter soul liquid here..." Xiao Yan stared at the pool of transparent water in front of him with a little fiery enthusiasm.

The transparent water slowly flowed in the box, it was quite quiet, but in that water, a terrifying force that made Xiao Yan feel numb on his scalp was slowly about to start It was a terrifying fluctuation. This fluctuation alone is probably not something that ordinary alchemists can condense. "

"Soul liquid... I really don't know what happened to the owner of this desert mountain range to leave such a precious thing behind!" Long Yi said sadly.

Such a rich soul liquid is enough to show the tyrannical strength of the condensers, but such a tyrannical powerhouse has left behind such a precious thing. In addition to the extraterritorial evil race in this desert mountain range, Long Yi's heart is faint. is a bit heavy!

"Senior, don't worry, since I took your things, this junior will naturally help you." Xiao Yan said slowly and respectfully to the two golden chairs next to him.

Xiao Yan knew that, with this soul liquid, it was only a matter of time before he could break through the emperor's mortal-level soul power. After all, Xiao Yan had already been the emperor's mortal-level peak soul power for a long time.

Once he has broken through the emperor's mortal level soul power, then Xiao Yan's pharmacist skills will naturally reach the second-rank emperor level!

A second-grade emperor alchemist, this is a guest of a small sect. Even a super sect must pay attention to it!

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he squeezed his palm slightly, trying to put away the soul liquid.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Unexpectedly, a real force came from not far away, and immediately snatched away the soul liquid box in Xiao Yan's hand.

"This thing... was intended." A contemptuous voice sounded slowly.

Ask for tickets!