Chapter Vol 4 866: Nether double honor!

"What should we do?" Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying took a few steps forward at the same time, came to the edge of the purple cage, and spoke slowly.

"The power of holy flames is a natural restraint for foreign evil races."

"Although the evil races outside the territory cannot swallow and absorb the pure power of the holy flame, they are trying to use human means to destroy the holy flame, so that their safety can be guaranteed."

"Therefore, among human beings, there are inevitably guys who can't stand the benefits of the evil races outside the realm."

"But they forgot that holy flame is a wonder of heaven and earth, and it is impossible to destroy it." Cang Key said to himself.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Following Cang Key's voice, Xiao Yan also nodded vaguely.

"The mission of the two of you is to mobilize the power of holy flame to assist me!"

"Use the power of holy flame as much as possible to weaken the power of the two aliens, and leave the rest to me." Cang Key said.

"One-star Fighting Immortal-level strength, would you still be afraid of two noble-level foreign evil races..." Xiao Yan nodded slightly after hearing this, but he still pondered.

The two venerable alien races are at the peak of Dou Di at most, and a one-star Dou Xian level human powerhouse can definitely kill them with ease.

"I know what your kid is thinking."

"Normal venerable aliens, I am naturally not afraid, but these two guys are a little different."

"They are somewhat similar to the twin ghost emperors you killed before, so the two of them have a high tacit understanding. Even if they join forces, I am not completely sure."

"Just now, I chose to seal, wait for the arrival of the holy flame, and use the holy flame to kill them completely." Cang Key seemed to see through Xiao Yan's thoughts very easily, and said.

"And at the beginning, these two guys seemed to have some trump cards."

"It was these two guys who killed my master at the beginning..." Cang Key said this, and his face couldn't help but look a little ugly.

"Fairy Moonlight was actually killed by these two guys?" Yueru shook her head slightly when she heard the words.

Yueru didn't know the strength of Fairy Jiaoyue, but with the inheritance rune on her forehead, Yueru knew that Fairy Jiaoyue was definitely stronger than her disciple Cang Key!

"My master's strength has also reached the completion of the two-star Dou Xian, and he is only one step away from the three-star Dou Xian."

"But I still don't know how she fell in the first place." Cang Key shook his head and said.

When Xiao Yan heard this, his brows were a little ugly, obviously the matter was getting more and more serious.

"Let's do it." After a while, the Demon Whale and the Jade Rabbit looked at each other, and they understood that this matter should be resolved sooner.

"You step back a little, this hall is actually a formation used to suppress and weaken them. Although it is not very useful, it can always increase the odds of winning." Cang Key got up slightly and said.

As soon as the voice fell, Cang Yue immediately displayed some mysterious handprints with both hands, and then a dazzling light was born on the palm of his hand.

The next moment, in that great hall, a mysterious special energy emerged.

With the emergence of this energy, Xiao Yan could feel that the blood demon gold energy in his chest was slightly emitting a trace of fear. It was obvious that this energy was extremely tyrannical to suppress the evil races outside the realm.

"What a strong formation." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

Even with Xiao Yan's soul power and spiritual power at this time, he couldn't see through this formation.

"At the beginning, after the master and the two foreign evil races fought, they fell directly, leaving behind an inheritance, and the two foreign evil races were also suppressed and sealed here by the master's last breath." Cang Key said, while saying, Two heart-like things slowly appeared behind him.

"Pfft!" The two Gorefiend's fist-sized hearts were beating vigorously, and Xiao Yan found that if it wasn't for Cang Key's body that was constantly suppressed by a faint force, I am afraid that these two foreign evil clan would instantly out!

"Don't worry, the seal placed by the master is extremely tyrannical, and these two evil races from outside the territory are still in a deep sleep at this time." Cang Key said.

"What can I do?" Yue Ru heard the words and immediately came to Xiao Yan and the others, obviously not willing to be a bystander.

"Just let Yutu and the others protect you."

"After all, the inheritance of the master, if you kill the two foreigners, it will still fall on you, so you can't have any loss." Cang Yue said with a smile.

"En." Yue Ru heard the words, said something to Xiao Yan, and then backed away, probably meaning not to be brave and do what you can.

Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't listen to this. For the evil races outside the territory, he had to kill them!

Not for anything else, just because Xiao Yan possesses holy flame!

Since the first step in this hall, Xiao Yan's body has exuded a feeling of extreme hatred, and the source of hatred is the hearts of the two foreign evil races in front of him.

Xiao Yan owns it as a holy flame, so naturally he feels the most profound.

"I'll come out first." After a while, Cang Key suddenly said something.

"En?" Cang Yue's voice just fell. Immediately, the mysterious power on Cangyao's palm gently touched the purple cage, and the purple cage also issued an extremely tyrannical restriction, and then quietly opened.

Cang Yue took light steps and came out directly from the inside.

"Good guy, it's actually a second-layer seal!" Xiao Yan was surprised when he saw this.

If it is said that the power in this hall is to suppress the aliens, then the purple cage is the seal that completely seals the power of the aliens without overflowing!

The evil of the power of the alien race is useless just to suppress it. If it is penetrated by the power of the alien race , it will undoubtedly cause a catastrophe, so it must be suppressed and sealed.

"you……"

"Can you come out from here?" The Jade Rabbit and the Demon Whale both said the same thing when they saw this, obviously extremely shocked!

They, including Dou Soul, always thought that the cage and Cang Key were one, and if the foreign evil clan did not solve it, Cang Key would not be able to leave.

"sure."

"This purple cage is actually a powerful fighting skill, and it was given to me by the master, so why can't I come out?" Cang Yue said with a smile.

And with Cang Key's departure, the hearts of the two foreign evil races in the purple cage appeared in front of Xiao Yan and the two of them impressively.

Don't say anything angry, it's not a heart, it's just a black spot the size of a fist, and above the black spot, there is a thumping beating, which is very easy to be misunderstood as something like a heart.

"Plop thump!" The powerful beatings meant that the foreign evil race was still sleeping, but even so, those two hearts that were so dark that they could easily destroy Xiao Yan and the others were unceasingly. emerge.

"This is the two extraterritorial evil races."

"They have a name."

"Name, Xuanming Twins." Cang Key's voice appeared in everyone's ears like thunder.

Received the editor's notice, 12.15 is limited to free reading on the main line of the degree, and 20 consecutive updates will be released on 12.16 on the same day, so I can only have about two updates recently, try to save the manuscript, sorry