Chapter Vol 4 2145: The Demon Emperor is here!

"Boom!"

The energy storm filled with scorching heat and divine power raged aimlessly in the holy city. Wherever it went, there were corpses everywhere and blood flowed into rivers.

Whether it is the Holy See or the powerhouses above Douyun Continent, except for a very small number of powerhouses who have reached the strength of the Eight-star Douxian, other weak creatures who touch the aftermath of energy are like being caught in a storm and strangled to death. , fell instantly.

On the other hand, looking at the attack of Gu Xingtian, the tens of thousands of zhang gigantic sky blades never chopped down the colorful rainbows from beginning to end. The time of the confrontation passed slowly, and it turned out to be faintly broken under the watchful eyes of everyone. Mark of.

Gathering the power of all their strong men, Gu Xingtian's power temporarily reached the half-step third-level in the reincarnation. In addition to the attack of the giant blade of the sky, he did not defeat Blake?

From all these, this time the victory and defeat, I am afraid there is an obvious attribution.

"You go."

"The demon emperor is in the demon world. This is my source of energy. Although it's not much, it's enough to let you escape from here."

Xiao Yan spent a lot of effort to destroy the cage of the cross and rescued the demon of light, and said to him.

Now, in his eyes, the radiance of the devil flashes out, the body is blessed by the holy flame armor, protected by the scales under the tyrant, the blood-red thunder is conspicuous outside the body, and the green vines wriggle under the feet, releasing the With endless vitality, the immortal and immortal power in the body has become unprecedentedly hot.

All of these things show the tyranny of Black's attack!

Now Xiao Yan is calmer and more powerful than ever before.

With his soul perception, it is naturally clear that Gu Xingtian's failure is probably only a matter of time. Once the giant blade of the sky shatters, I am afraid that everyone here will not escape Blake's strangulation.

If you lose, this is the punishment for the loser.

Gathering the power of many eight stars and even the reincarnation elders to cast a devastating blow, they are still no match for Black!

Black's strength is too strong, and his strength is too powerful when combined with the attack of Angel's Wings.

Moreover, Xiao Yan felt that the information they had collected before was... wrong.

Judging from the confrontation just now, Blake's strength is not at the second level at all, but at the third level under Samsara!

The first-order difference suddenly made this perfect plan fall apart, which was something they didn't expect.

However, while Gu Xingtian and the others have not completely failed, there is still a last-minute chance to turn things around!

Xiao Yan believed that this crazy approach was enough to have the power to shock and even threaten Black.

This is Xiao Yan's last trump card, and it is also a means that Xiao Yan does not want to use.

The power of the devil is incomparably tyrannical and hard to come by, and he is the first and last devil in the Great Thousand World. This power seems to originate from the underworld, and there are still many mysteries waiting for Xiao Yan to unravel.

The fire of holy flame is equally terrifying. Combined with Fen Jue, you should be able to spy on more secrets in the world, but unfortunately, I don't have time now.

The current crisis must be resolved, otherwise, if something happens here, the rest will be the Endless Fire Territory and many other close relatives. That kind of ending is obviously not what Xiao Yan wants to see, so at this moment, even if his body is shattered, he cannot let Blake win!

Although the method is crazy, it is also unintentional. Furthermore, Xiao Yan is very clear that the nature of detonation and fusion are different.

Although the power of fusion is terrifying, it does little damage to itself, but the power of fusion is too weak for Blake now.

Detonation is at the cost of losing all power in exchange for infinite power of destruction. After detonation, the several holy flames, demon power and scales in one's body cannot be recovered once they are detonated.

Just like Xiao Xuan's life and death on the Dou Qi Continent, he detonated three different fires.

After detonating these powers, Xiao Yan was immortal and would not fall, but his strength would probably stay at this level forever. After all... these powers are the source of Xiao Yan.

But at this moment, Xiao Yan had no other way. It seemed that only this way could turn the tide. This level of battle was beyond his current limit.

"Wong buzzing!"

Immediately, Xiao Yan's body became illusory, and several completely different sources of power, like filaments of light, woke up in Xiao Yan's body and rolled violently.

In Xiao Yan's pupils, the light of the devil and the light of flame finally ignited completely at this moment, an unprecedented surge emerged, and the crazy fluctuations above the eyelids swept out uncontrollably.

"This is?"

The many powerhouses who were in a hard fight below had despair lingering in their hearts. Seeing the countless powers emerging around Xiao Yan, those powers actually contained a monstrous aura that instantly eclipsed everyone, and immediately became suspicious.

As tyrannical as the ancient Xingtian has been defeated, how much waves can Xiao Yan, who is not strong enough to reincarnate, make waves?

However, this kind of question has not been completely settled. After a while, under the gaze of everyone, the power in Xiao Yan's body actually quickly gathered and merged!

"This time..."

Xiao Yan didn't think much about it. The scales above his body fell off gently, and his body burst into flames. The power of the scales, the power of several holy flames, the power of demons, etc. had already penetrated into the power of the limbs and bones. , quickly flowed out of Xiao Yan's body.

That kind of feeling, as if his life was completely ignited at the same time, and his vitality suddenly passed away.

All the power was separated from Xiao Yan's muscles, skin, bones, soul, and even cells at one time, causing Xiao Yan's handsome complexion to become extremely distorted, that kind of heinous torture and pain, if it were replaced by another People, I am afraid that they will fall in an instant.

However, Xiao Yan suffered from such drastic changes, but he did not have any fear, what was just a rare touch of madness and persistence!

This time, I will succeed no matter what!

"Detonating power... It's a pity it's too weak."

"After I kill these guys, I will come to clean you up."

Black controlled countless forces to resist the giant blade of the sky that was about to be shattered, and sneered.

No matter how Xiao Yan jumped up, the difference in strength between the two was too great, and this kind of battle was nothing to watch.

"Heavenly Marks..."

"I'm quite reluctant to let this kid die. His character is as unrestrained as those Xiao clan friends you call him."

"But this time, let me come..."

The Devil of Light held the source Xiao Yan gave him in his hand, smiled, the smile was particularly bright, but before she could finish her words, before she could make any move, the power of the whole world suddenly rolled over Boil up.

"Whoa!"

A green beam of light burst out from nowhere, and quickly enveloped Xiao Yan.

And when this domineering force appeared, the gloomy ghost that was about to emerge around Xiao Yan was also disappearing.

"Pre... Senior?"

"Buzz!"

When this green beam of light enveloped Xiao Yan, the many source forces that rolled out of Xiao Yan's body were directly suppressed and returned to Xiao Yan's body.

In front of his body, a huge gap suddenly cracked open, and wisps of green energy radiated out, simultaneously nourishing Xiao Yan and the dying bodies of the Demon of Light.

"Do not!!"

"You shouldn't have come."

At this moment, the Demon of Light couldn't take care of the abundant life breath on his body, his pupils shrank tightly, his eyes fixed on the void somewhere in the sky, and his voice became choked up.

A rare tear lingered in his beautiful eyes.

He... still came.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: