Chapter Vol 4 1120: Solve the problem of fighting spirit

With the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast intercepting many strong men, Xiao Yan, Qing Wen, and Qing'er went towards the Ghost Moon Well one after another.

"I didn't expect it to be so easy this time, I thought there would be a fierce battle." Xiao Yan came to the Guiyuejing not far away, and gently stroked the flame beast with both hands, his eyes were full of tenderness, obviously he could not think of this little guy There is still such a terrible life experience, can't help but say.

"Ow!" The flame beast seemed to enjoy Xiao Yan's stroking his forehead, and let out a rather comfortable roar.

"Senior Soul Eater, what is the current situation in my body?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask as he watched the flaming beast leave the Dou Qi Sea.

"It's very rare for you to have a sea of ​​vindictive energy in your body, but it's a good thing after all."

"Because you didn't find out?"

"Even if all the fighting qi in your body is swallowed up by this little guy, your power of life and death and fighting qi will not have any effect." The Master of Soul Eater pretended to be profound.

"That's true." Xiao Yan nodded lightly after hearing this.

The Dou Qi of ordinary people is stored in the Dou Qi Sea, but Xiao Yan, the Dou Qi Sea of ​​the Dou Qi Sea has been swallowed up by the flame beasts, and he can still exert the power of life and death, which is quite strange.

"And the reason why you can be so easily unaffected by the Dou Qi Sea is probably related to this little guy," said Soul Eater.

"Flaming beasts? King of all beasts?" Xiao Yan shook his head slightly when he heard the words, obviously not knowing why.

"Because the flame beast has devoured your source of strange fire and the power of holy flame, I am afraid that it has some close connections with you. Otherwise, it will not rush out to save you when you are in danger."

"So I guess, if you want to get your Dou Qi back, I'm afraid you have to ask the flaming beast." The Soul Eater said.

"Having a grudge against the flaming beast?" Xiao Yan felt that his head was a little big.

If this flaming beast is really the king of beasts, then he is not taking food from the tiger's mouth, and the king of beasts eats what he eats, and why does he spit it out?

"As of now, that's the only way it can be." Xiao Yan daringly agreed, and then looked at the innocent flaming beast in front of him.

"Now that there is no one around, let's solve the problem of Dou Qi first." Xiao Yan glanced at the people behind him who were stopped by the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast. Qing Wen, there is still some time before Ghost Moon Well.

"Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu." It seemed that he heard Xiao Yan talking about the sea of ​​vindictive qi, and the twenty-three-colored flames on the flaming beast dimmed slightly, like a child who had done something wrong, quite mischievous.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Is all my fighting qi eaten by you?" Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing when he saw the flame beast like this.

"Woooo~" The flame beast heard the words and shook its huge head crazily, indicating that it was not him.

"There is a huge amount of Dou Qi in the sea of ​​Dou Qi in ordinary people, and that's the foundation of cultivation."

"In the end, you are a good little fellow. I swallowed all of them cleanly. How can I compress the sea of ​​fighting qi and condense the fighting core to advance to fighting immortal?"

"And he even stole my source of strange fire and the power of holy flame." Xiao Yan said with a smile on his face, but when talking about the power of strange fire and holy flame, the flames of the beast were in the eyes of the beast. There was clearly a hint of vigilance.

"Ow!" Hearing this, the flame beast continued to shake his head.

"It seems that the King of All Beasts is quite fond of the different fire and holy flame. Could it be that the ancient war was severely damaged by the evil race outside the territory, and the power of flame was needed to purify the evil and restore the power?" And the Lord of Soul Eater looked at the beast of flames, and his heart was full. He couldn't help muttering.

"Okay, I didn't plan to let you spit it all out for me, but you have to give me back my grudge." Xiao Yan smiled as he looked at this fiery beast like a living treasure.

"Weng buzzing!" When the flame beast heard the words, it was as happy as a child, and then the huge power in its body slowly flickered, as if something was brewing.

The flame beast knows that it has swallowed too many things from Xiao Yan, fighting qi, strange fire and holy flame, but fighting qi is not very useful to him, and it is okay to give it back to Xiao Yan, but the power of strange fire and holy flame is for himself. The best help cannot be easily returned to Xiao Yan.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned. It was obvious that the power within this flaming beast was disorganized, and it not only had the power of its own source of strange fire, but also the power of holy flame. Adding some other powers, this made Xiao Yan. Inflammation is strange.

"Ow!" After a few minutes, something faintly gushed out from the mouth of the flaming beast.

"What is this?" And Xiao Yan couldn't help asking when he looked at the mysterious light group in the mouth of the flaming beast.

This light group is about the size of Xiao Yan's fist, but according to Xiao Yan's perception, the powerful power contained in it may be able to easily kill a powerhouse at the peak of Dou Di. Fen Jue had a very obvious resonance, which was clearly his own vindictiveness!

"Oh, this little guy is really mysterious, and he has compressed all your fighting qi???" When he saw the fist-sized light group in the mouth of the beast of flames, the Lord of Soul Eater couldn't help but be shocked. road.

"What?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

Although Soul Eater didn't mention it, Xiao Yan knew that Dou Di's cultivation was to constantly compress Dou Qi Sea, and if his strength reached the peak of Dou Emperor, he would undoubtedly have to compress all Dou Qi in Dou Qi Sea to form a fist. Only by the size, can you condense the core of the battle have the qualification to advance to the battle of immortals.

This step seems simple, but there are countless geniuses who have fallen on this step, which is enough to see that this step is not that simple.

"This flaming beast is really mysterious. I'm afraid there are many mysterious places that you don't know about."

"But that's fine. Since it has already helped you compress the sea of ​​fighting spirit, the next step is to use this light ball to condense the core of the fighting spirit and advance to the level of fighting immortal." Seeing this, the Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Little guy, thank you very much." Xiao Yan stretched out his hand and gently put the ball of light into the sea of ​​fighting qi in his body, and immediately said to the flaming beast.

"Ow!" Hearing this, the flame beast nodded obediently.

"Weng Om!" At the next moment, the flame beast burst into flames, apparently not knowing what happened.

"This is..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan became vigilant.

"This is a breakthrough."

"Don't worry about it, since the problem of the battle qi in your body has been solved, you take it back and absorb the power of the two holy flames that you advanced before, I am afraid you can enter the next stage."

"The next time I wake up, I'm afraid there will be a real transformation." said Soul Eater.

"Well, little guy, you can't do anything." Xiao Yan directly returned the flaming beast to the sea of ​​​​do qi, and the flaming beast had just returned to the sea of ​​​​do qi, and its whole body was curled into a spherical, gorgeous The flames continued to emerge, apparently falling into a deep retreat.

"The two of the Qing family have also arrived." After Xiao Yan finished all this, Qing'er and Qing Wen also slowly descended.