Chapter 332: Xuanling City!

The most populous place on Xuanling University 6 belongs to Xuantian San, but the area of ​​Xuan Santian is also quite vast.

The northern part of Xuantiantian is the place where nine major sects and many sects are stationed, and the Nine Mountains, where the emperor's energy is extremely strong, is also here.

As for the Xuanling royal family, it is located in the middle of Xuantian San. In order to resist the expansion and invasion of the Medusa family, the Xuanling royal family has to invest a lot of manpower and material resources every year for defensive deployment. After all, the drama of the Medusa family Poison and some insidious means are hard to guard against.

The east of Xuantiantian is an endless desert area, and many tributaries of the Medusa family are life again.

Since the main body of the Medusa family is composed of snakes and scorpions, this also created their cold-blooded name.

However, living in the extremely hot desert is definitely not a good thing for the Medusa family, which is why the Medusa family wants to attack the Xuanling royal family. &1t;i>&1t;/i>

Because the Xuanling royal family is located in the middle of Xuansan, if the Medusa clan in the east of Xuantian wants to expand their territory or relocate, they must go through the Xuanling royal family, which has caused the situation between the two.

As for the southern part of Xuantiantian, it is said to be the uninhabited one hundred thousand southern border, where there are many beautiful legends and unknown secrets.

In the west of Xuantiantian, it is the world of Warcraft.

"Shabu Shabu!" The figures of four people in a row slowly emerged from a spot of light.

"Follow me." The old man who led the team also said slowly.

"Yeah." The three people behind also responded at the same time.

Taking a closer look, these people are the four old Bamboos who went to the Xuanling Royal Family from the Burning Incense Pavilion!

The distance between the Xuanling royal family in the middle and the northern sects is also constant, but with the strong man Zhu Lao, the journey of a day came to the Xuanling royal family in a blink of an eye. &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"Is that the Xuanling Royal Family..." Mu Yingying also spoke first, biting her lips slightly, and then what was reflected in her beautiful eyes was an extremely prosperous city.

The undulating city walls of dozens of feet tightly surrounded the prosperous city, and even if they were separated by constant distances, they could vaguely feel some of the most obscure and powerful atmospheres in the city.

"The Xuanling royal family is located in the middle of our Xuantian Santian, and the towering city wall that stretches for tens of thousands of miles is also to resist the invasion of the Medusa family."

"Remember that the Xuanling royal family paid a considerable price to defend against the Medusa family. If it wasn't for them preventing the Medusa family in the middle of the Xuantian three days, we would be the ones who would suffer..." Bamboo The old man also said slowly.

"The Medusa family..."

"Why do you feel extremely uneasy..." Xiao Yan heard the words and looked up at the location of the Medusa clan standing in the distance. For some unknown reason, it made Xiao Yan feel extremely uneasy. . &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"It's true that the Xuanling Royal Family has been attacked by enemies before and after..." Mu Feng's eyes kept turning, and he said.

Mu Yingying, who was on the side, surprisingly changed into a colorful dress, showing her seductive figure perfectly.

However, Mu Yingying didn't care about the words of Zhu Lao and Xiao Yan, and was quietly thinking about something.

"strangeness……"

"Something seems to be calling me here..." Mu Yingying also raised her rather delicate jade neck, and stared at the city surrounded by walls of dozens of meters.

Xuanling City, the royal family of Xuanling.

The Xuanling Royal Family lives in this Xuanling City.

"Let's go." Elder Zhu also said slowly.

The four of them followed one after another, and then slowly walked towards the gate of Xuanling City. &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"stop!"

"Please show your identities." At the gate of the city, an entire army was stationed, and the well-trained soldiers were constantly walking back and forth, obviously heavily guarded, and then said to Elder Zhu and the others.

Hearing this, Elder Zhu didn't hesitate too much. After all, the relationship between the Xuanling royal family and the Medusa family made it reasonable to have a strict investigation.

Then Zhu Lao flicked his fingers, and at the same time, a silver wooden sign with the three characters of "Fengxiang Pavilion" inscribed with dragons flying and phoenix dances slowly appeared in front of several soldiers, and then the next moment disappeared in a flash.

"This is..." Even if it just passed by in a flash, several people at the gate of the city knew the identity of the person in front of him!

Those who can have this kind of token are all leaders among the sects!

A real high rise! &1t;i>&1t;/i>

How dare they, these little soldiers, dare to be presumptuous!

"Sir, please." The next moment, the soldier stood at attention and slowly performed a standard etiquette towards Old Zhu. The soldier maintained the proper etiquette, then made a gesture of invitation, respectfully facing Old Zhu.

"The three of them are my students, so it's no problem, right?" Zhu Lao also said indifferently.

"This..." The soldiers at the city gate also hesitated...

Although there is no doubt that this is the leader of the sect, but a token can only enter one person.

After all, it is the predecessor of the Xuanling royal family, Xuanling City.

Entering Xuanling City is undoubtedly close to the Xuanling royal family.

If the Medusa family or some malicious people enter, and the royal family encounters an assassination plot, then it is the soldier's dereliction of duty, even ten lives are not enough for him to atone for his sins! &1t;i>&1t;/i>

But the soldier didn't dare to offend the old man in front of him, because the wooden sign that the old man had just displayed was the real high-level sectarian.

"Hehe, your lord came to our Xuanling City and brought a few people into it. It's natural and reasonable. Please come this way." Just when the soldiers at the city gate were helpless, a hearty voice appeared slowly With the figure of this armor covering the whole body and showing a pair of bright eyes, the soldiers at the city gate also seemed to be relieved.

Tiger teeth!

Prep team leader!

A six-star fighting emperor level powerhouse!

"Head of the regiment..." The soldier guarding the door also saw this familiar figure, and then slowly said, as if he wanted to say something, but was waved by the figure in front of him.

"Senior, go this way, the main entrance is a passage for ordinary people to enter." The officer also said slowly.

"En." Zhu Lao heard the words and led Xiao Yan and his group into another inconspicuous passage.

"These guys must be the people from the Fenxiang Pavilion who came to our Xuanling Imperial Family to soak the Xuanling Imperial Pond this time..." The person called the head of the group also spoke slowly.

"You idiots!"

"If you encounter a warrant from a sect-holding sect in the future, no matter how many people there are, just let it go..."

"A character of that level is not something we can resist." After Hu Ya finished speaking, he also shook his head secretly.

Obviously, the old people who took the lead just now, just from the breath, suppressed Huya too much. Huya, a six-star fighting emperor, felt fear in the depths of his soul, and the strength of the old man was probably quite tyrannical.

"A character of this level may only be handled by the old monsters in the royal family..."

"In addition, strengthen the inspection efforts, and don't let any suspicious people go. I heard from the above that my king and the others will have a big move recently." Hu Ya murmured.

Ask for a ticket!

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: