Chapter 580: Burning Incense Pavilion 5 people gathered

In the top of the desert mountain range, Xiao Yan and Yan are sitting cross-legged, carefully conditioning their breath, because swallowing the holy flame is no joke, a little careless, but it will end in a fall, as for Shanyao With Shan Ling, they chatted with Immortal Master Crazy Wood. After all, the relationship between the three was very delicate.

"This is..." Stepping on the steps leading to the top of the desert mountain range, several other people came here one after another!

Xiao Yi murmured while staring at the top of the huge desert mountain in front of her, and there was a hint of sadness in her handsome eyes.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Did something happen to Big Brother Xiao Yan?" The moment Xiao Yi was infiltrated by the blood demon golden energy in Xiao Yan's body, she immediately felt an extremely uncomfortable feeling.

That feeling was as unpleasant as it was piercing, causing a tear to fall directly from Xiao Yi's eyes!

"Are you alright?" Behind Xiao Yi, Mu Yingying said strangely.

Since the original separation, when the four of them got together for the second time, their strength has improved a lot.

"I'm fine, but I can be sure that my elder brother's breath is at the top of this desert mountain range, but I don't know if something happened!"

"Speed ​​up!" After Xiao Yi finished speaking, a firm look suddenly appeared in her pupils!

"According to what you said, I also feel that there seems to be something extremely evil at the top of this desert mountain range, but now that aura has disappeared, which is really strange..."

"It stands to reason that the tyranny of that terrifying aura was not destroyed by Xiao Yan... Could it be?" Mu Feng, who was on the side with the wooden sword on his back, stared at the steps that were still some distance away and looked at the top of the desert mountain range. .

"do not know."

"Let's follow along and have a look." Green Flute also said, and then the four figures trembled quickly, roaring towards the top of the desert mountain range!

Due to the weakness of the Mad Wood Immortal Master and the lurking of the Left Guard of the Gorefiend, several people had a panoramic view of the topmost layer of this desert mountain range.

After a few breaths, the four of them came to the top edge of the desert mountain range, then stopped and looked at these magnificent mountain tops!

"Xiao Yan?" Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan had some special connections, and immediately found out where Xiao Yan was!

But Xiao Yi just saw

When Xiao Yan was there, he suddenly felt that something was wrong!

At this time, Xiao Yan's upper body was already exposed, and the yellowish skin of his muscles looked quite symmetrical, but what attracted Xiao Yi's attention more was the bloodstain on Xiao Yan's chest that was very conspicuous. !

The bloodstain actually spread from Xiao Yan's neck to the side of Xiao Yan's heart, making Xiao Yan look extremely strange!

"It's Xiao Yan, let's go and have a look!" After Xiao Yi finished speaking, she didn't wait for the three Mu Yingying behind her. With a movement, she roared away at the place where Xiao Yan was!

"Be careful, there are some extremely powerful auras here." Mu Yingying said in a deep voice, and immediately followed.

"It seems that there are other people?" Immortal Master Madwood was chatting happily with his daughter, Shan Ling, when he suddenly felt a few weak forces attacking his place, and immediately opened his mouth.

"How can there be an aura similar to this human kid?" Immortal Master Madwood suddenly wondered.

"What's going on?" After Shan Ling talked with her father, Immortal Master Kuangmu, she gradually understood her father, but she couldn't accept it too much for a while.

"I don't know." Immortal Master Madwood finished speaking, and as expected, only a trace of soul power left poured out directly, and immediately covered the front of Shan Ling, Shanyao and the three of them.

When Shanling saw this, she couldn't help feeling warm.

"This breath is..." Xiao Yan, who closed his eyes and rested on the side, was overjoyed after feeling this breath, slightly opened his dark eyes, and looked at the place where Xiao Yi whistled!

"Xiao Yi!" Xiao Yan stood up excitedly and called out.

"Big brother!" Xiao Yi also found that this person is indeed Xiao Yan, and his aura is exactly the same. If someone else is a fake, he will not be able to escape Xiao Yi's perception, so he directly descends and is a bear hug to Xiao Yan.

"Cough, cough... my own person." Xiao Yan looked at the puzzled look of Immortal Master Madwood beside him, and hurriedly explained.

It's impossible not to explain. Although this Mad Wood Immortal Master is only soul power, and it is about to dissipate, but at best he is also a powerhouse at the level of Fighting Immortals, so it should not be underestimated!

"Big brother, this thing on your body?" Xiao Yi directly asked Xiao Yan, ignoring the powerful Mad Wood Immortal Master and Yan, and even the others.

"This is the blood demon golden energy of the evil clan outside the territory..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and told Xiao Yi all the things that happened before!

"Bastard!" Xiao Yi couldn't help scolding when she heard the words, and immediately, the scorching power of fire on her body was about to erupt like a volcano.

"Don't worry, isn't this okay?" Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and could see that Xiao Yi's dependence and concern for Xiao Yan.

"Old bastard, if you don't cure my eldest brother, this king will set your mountain on fire, do you believe it?" Little Eviewei said to the Mad Wood Immortal Master beside her.

"Oh?"

"I want to see how you burned my desert mountain range, but you can give it a try." Following Xiao Yan's opening, Immortal Master Mad Wood withdrew his power and then smiled slowly.

"You!" Seeing this, Xiao Yi was hurriedly startled, and the illusory figure in front of her was extremely powerful.

"Haha, I didn't expect this human being to be recognized by the Fire Spirit. This is really a rare thing." A smile came from all directions.

"Who?" When Xiao Yi heard the words, the flames around her dimmed slightly, and a sense of oppression came instantly.

"It's me." Yan smiled and walked out.

"Holy Flame?" After seeing Yan, Xiao Yi suddenly exclaimed Because Xiao Yi is a fire elf herself, her perception of holy flame is undoubtedly much stronger than that of Xiao Yan!

There are many legends that prove that fire elves grow up to be creatures that can compete with holy flames. Whether it is true or not is unknown.

"Since there are holy flames here, why don't you suppress the blood demon gold in the body for my eldest brother?"

"Once the gorefiend gold qi erupts, the consequences will be..." Xiao Yi turned to Yandao with a sullen face, and her appearance was clearly saying, if you don't send me the gorefiend gold qi to suppress the gorefiend in the body, I will To grab directly.

"It's ready to go, but before this, there is still something missing, without the existence of this thing, even if I hand over the holy flame on my body, I am afraid that the holy flame on my body will not easily agree." He smiled slightly, and then looked at Xiao Yi maliciously!

"Tell me, I'll get it right away!" Xiao Yi was too lazy to talk nonsense with Yan.

"This thing, you call it Saint Flame Crystal." Yan said slowly.

"Holy Flame Crystal?" Xiao Yi's heart sank when she heard the words, not to mention where the Holy Flame Crystal is, I'm afraid Xiao Yi has never heard of this!

"Xiao Yi, let you run slower, why are you running so fast?" Just as Xiao Yi hesitated to think, the voices of Green Flute and Mu Feng came from behind.

"What senior said, but this thing?" Just when Xiao Yan was at a loss, a silver bell-like voice came out, and then a fiery red crystal slowly appeared on the palm of his hand. .

Ask for tickets!