Chapter 563: Holy flame destroys evil!

"Where to run!" Mu Yingying quickly noticed that the black qi seemed to be retreating, and she immediately mentioned it, and she chased after the black qi!

"asshole!"

"Which holy flame is this, and why is its power so terrifying!" The black qi kept cursing. Whenever Mu Yingying approached her, the evil power attached to her body would be slowly swept away. It's kinda weird to burn!

"No, you can't just give up... If you get this holy flame crystal, let alone a small blood demon clan, it's not a bad idea to be among the most powerful places, it's worth going!" Hei Qi finished speaking, Immediately shake, and then change quickly!

"Susu!" The black qi suddenly trembled, and the next moment, blood radiated out, an extremely **** aura appeared, and then slowly appeared in front of Mu Yingying!

"This is... Gorefiend?" Seeing this, Mu Yingying made a slight voice, but the next moment, Mu Yingying's pupils actually turned blue, and at the same time, her expression seemed to have lost its color. The strange Gorefiend said.

"If you can see my body, you are the second on this Dou Di Continent, and you will be the last!"

"Susu!" After speaking, the black qi actually transformed into a human appearance!

It was a person with a rather strange appearance, with limbs, hands and feet, but the extremely ferocious smile on his face was especially heart-wrenching.

"Humph!"

"Extraterritorial evil race, the sin is unforgivable!"

"Die!" Mu Yingying said coldly, as if she had changed into a human figure since the black energy condensed into a human figure. There was not the slightest emotion in her voice, but only a boundless strangulation of strangulation!

"What an icy aura, such an aura, I am afraid that only the king of our clan has..." The black figure said.

"The blood demon energy of the blood demon family is quite terrifying. Today, I will let you try this blood demon energy!"

"The blood demonic energy enters the body, and it is irreversible!" The black figure roared slowly.

"It's just a powerhouse of the Gorefiend clan. If you gorefiends were here, I would still be afraid, but your words..." Mu Yingying said coldly.

"Arrogant!"

"Is the Gorefiend also worthy of your name?" After the Gorefiend figure finished speaking, the blood-colored aura that filled his body instantly condensed into a huge blood-colored chain!

Where the blood-colored chain blade is, the cold light flashes, extremely sharp!

"Go!" The Gorefiend figure controlled the chain and rushed towards Mu Yingying. The overwhelming terrifying and evil atmosphere made the space congeal slightly!

"It's over." Seeing this, Mu Yingying suddenly burst out with a dazzling blue flame from the azure blue pupils, and then slowly wrapped around the blood-colored chain!

"Kakaka!" The power of the blue holy flame just wrapped around the blood-colored chain of the Gorefiend figure, and the seemingly indestructible blood-colored chain suddenly made a very clear sound as if it had encountered a natural enemy, and ran away at a high speed!

"Broken!" A coquettish anger suddenly came out of Mu Yingying's mouth, and then the blood-colored chain shattered instantly!

"Puff puff!" At the same time, the Gorefiend figure suddenly spewed out a mouthful of thick blood!

"damn it!"

"The power of holy flame really lives up to its reputation..."

"It seems that we can only retreat first." The Gorefiend figure said slowly in his heart.

Because the holy flame has been mixed with holy power since ancient times, it is a Tianke for their evil races outside the realm!

"Want to run?" Mu Yingying saw that the Gorefiend figure had just turned around and ran towards the outside. Immediately, her eyes narrowed slightly, and a blue flame instantly attacked and surrounded the Gorefiend figure!

"Human, if you dare to kill me, the strong people of this clan will let you die without a burial place!" The Gorefiend figure said hideously.

The strength of the Gorefiend figure at this time is quite weak. On the one hand, it is because when he swallowed and assimilated the fiery red holy flame, he consumed too much of his source power. In addition to dealing with the holy flame in Mu Yingying's hands now, That's why the Gorefiend figure is so weak!

"Die!"

"Xiaojing, destroy the evil!" Mu Yingying said proudly!

As soon as he finished speaking, the azure-blue holy flame crystal floating on the wooden stake suddenly flashed and came to Mu Yingying's side!

The next moment, Mu Yingying and the Saint Yanjing simultaneously emitted extremely hot blue flames, and then slowly wrapped the Gorefiend figure!

"Ah ah ah!"

"Don't!" Following the package of the holy flame, a resentful voice came from the mouth of the Gorefiend figure!

"Remember, this great world is not where you should come, you should get out!" A arrogant voice came from Mu Yingying's mouth.

"Hahaha, even if I die, you humans don't have to think about it!"

"The next war will be the end of your world!"

"Susu!" The Gorefiend figure's hideous words kept echoing in this space, but it was slowly melted away by the holy flame without a trace of breath, apparently dissipating between this world!

"Cough, cough..." Mu Yingying coughed a few words as the Gorefiend figure completely disappeared.

"No...don't." Mu Yingying's body trembled a little, and she opened her mouth slightly!

"There aren't many good humans either. They either hunted monsters or wanted to obtain our holy flame, I really don't know..." Mu Yingying with blue eyes suddenly said.

"Don't..." The next moment, Mu Yingying's pupils actually recovered, and she said immediately!

But the next moment, the pupils turned blue again: "Let's do it, don't blame me for not reminding you."

As soon as the voice fell, the pupils returned to their usual appearance, as if they were the same as ordinary people!

"Huhu!" The pupils returned to their usual color, and Mu Yingying gasped for breath. The power she just used was obviously not intentional.

But isn't that power sealed by yourself? How can it appear? Could it be that Sheng Yan and the alien race are really natural enemies?

With a series of question marks Mu Yingying didn't think about it after all, and after a short rest, she came to the stake!

The circle of growth rings on the stake means that the stake is very old!

"Senior?" Mu Yingying tentatively opened her mouth to the fiery red Saint Flame Crystal suspended above the stake.

"Haha, little girl, thank you very much this time." The fiery red Saint Yanjing said slightly.

"Senior, you're very polite." Mu Yingying also smiled.

"You can have holy flame at a young age, so maybe you will be a strong person in the future."

"But your identity seems to be a bit special..." The fiery red Saint Yanjing said.

"However, Sheng Yan can only have one flower per person. This is the rule that our Sheng Yan has set since ancient times." Seemingly aware of some other meanings of Mu Yingying, the fiery red Sheng Yan Jing spoke immediately.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I know..." Mu Yingying said casually when she heard the words!

A strange thing like holy flame, just one flower has unparalleled power.

"Senior may have misunderstood, I just picked it up on behalf of a friend." The next moment, Mu Yingying smiled.

As her thoughts of subduing this holy flame failed, a thin figure suddenly appeared in Mu Yingying's heart. It was a man with a heavy ruler on his back, with a sense of justice and the calmness of stepping forward at critical moments.

That is Xiao Yan!

Ask for tickets!