Chapter 243: Soul monument!

"Who trespassed in the forbidden area!"

The ancient and terrifying voice also echoed slowly in the space.

At the moment when this voice appeared, Xiao Yan also felt that the fighting qi in his body had stopped flowing!

And there was even a brief absence!

At this time, Xiao Yan was already a powerhouse in the early stage of the Four-Star Dou Di, and his soul power had also reached the peak of the Emperor Realm!

It was enough to make Xiao Yan feel this short-lived absent-mindedness, and even to solidify his fighting spirit, which is enough to explain the horror of this stele.

"Boy Xiao Yan, I came here only to hear that there are some treasures here, so in order to borrow something..." Xiao Yan also said respectfully.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Do you know that this is the place of sealing!" There is an illusory figure in the stone tablet, but the power of the illusory figure is that even Xiao Yan is quite afraid, the figure in the stone tablet is quite terrifying Power, there are voices in power.

"Yes, and this junior also knows that this is the place where the twin ghost emperors are sealed..." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"Now that you know, let's stay..." A voice also came from the stone tablet.

Just after Xiao Yan said the twin ghost emperors, Xiao Yan clearly felt the power of the figure in the stone tablet instantly became stronger. Obviously, few people knew the secret of the twin ghost emperors.

If ordinary people knew this secret, if they guarded this stone tablet, or...

Destroyed!

Dead people don't tell secrets.

Then an inexplicable force radiated from the stone tablet and attacked Xiao Yan.

"Haha, have you asked me if you want to move my disciple?" A roaring voice from the Golden Dragon King also echoed in this mysterious space.

Afterwards, the soul body of the Golden Dragon King also exudes terrifying power, making the entire space golden and brilliant.

"Golden Dragon King?" There was also a burst of surprise from the stele.

As for the power that just radiated from the stone tablet to attack Xiao Yan, it was easily shattered by the golden brilliance of his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"Master is really strong, the attack in the stone tablet just now is logically comparable to the full-strength strike of a five-star Dou Emperor, but it was so easily shattered by his own master, the Golden Dragon King..." Xiao Yan He also looked at the stone tablet solemnly, as if the sound of crying was emanating from the stone tablet.

"Nine Soul Stele, thank you for recognizing me."

"You actually attacked the disciple!"

"If there is anything wrong with such a good seedling, then..." The Golden Dragon King also appeared above Xiao Yan's head, and then snorted coldly, with a lot of dissatisfaction in his voice.

"Golden Dragon King?"

"You were chased and killed by the three immortals of the ghost world, but you didn't die?" The voice in the stone tablet was also full of disbelief.

"Hehe, of course I'm not dead..." The Golden Dragon King continued to snort coldly.

"It really is God bless my human world!" The stone tablet was also extremely excited.

"Don't talk so early, the ghost world and the devil world are not to be underestimated..."

"What's more, there is a demon world that is eyeing..." The Golden Dragon King also said condensedly.

"Naturally, we don't need to worry about these things. There are talented people in the country." There was also a gratifying voice from the stone tablet.

"By the way, I wondered how this human boy could have your breath before, I thought..." There was also a voice from the stone tablet.

"This kid can be considered my disciple now." The Golden Dragon King also smiled at Xiao Yan and said.

"What about Tuoshe and the others..." The stone tablet also continued.

"Reincarnation." The Golden Dragon King spat out two words softly.

"It's so serious..." There was also an extremely unpleasant voice from the stone tablet, and there was some anger in the voice.

"Okay, let's not talk about this for now. I believe you also know the purpose of my visit." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

"Indeed, there must be treasures under the ghost town, but I'm just a little bit of the strength of this human boy..." There are also some unspeakable hidden words in the stone tablet.

"You can rest assured about this. Although this kid is quite weak now, there is no doubt that his potential is infinite."

"Because he and Tuo She are both practicing "Feng Jue"." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly, and he didn't continue talking after he finished speaking. Some words have already been said very clearly!

"Feng Jue?" The stone tablet was shocked, and an aura from the ancient times was also exuded!

The gray energy instantly swept Xiao Yan's body at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"Don't be afraid, I'm here." Just when Xiao Yan's body had some changes because of these gray energies, the gentle voice of the Golden Dragon King also slowly entered Xiao Yan's mind.

As the gray energy appeared on Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan's body was also slowly attached to the flames instantly, and then the innermost part of the body, Fen Jue, slowly burst out!

As if attracted by this gray energy!

"It's really Fen Jue..." There was also a very surprised voice inside the stone tablet.

"It might be fate."

"The thing here was taken by that guy Tuoshe before, now it's his turn to come first..."

"It's really one link after another..." There is also a slightly vicissitudes of life in the stone tablet.

"That's all."

"Boy, remember, I am the Nine Souls Monument, which is designed to suppress powerful ghosts in the ghost world."

"Besides me, there are eight monuments, but the ghosts they seal are getting stronger and stronger..."

"I do have extremely precious treasures here, but whether you get them depends on your fortune." A voice slowly came from the stone tablet.

"The younger generation should make some modest contributions." Xiao Yan also clasped his fists with both hands, and said respectfully towards the stone tablet.

Although Xiao Yan didn't know the power of this ghost, the nine-soul stele that sealed this powerful ghost for thousands of years has saved Xuan Santian from many disasters, and this is worthy of Xiao Yan's respect!

"Haha, what a polite little guy."

"That guy Tuoshe still looks the same. He can see people so accurately, even though Tuoshe also came up from the power of breaking through the plane on the continent of Dou Qi..." The stone tablet clearly remembered something.

"Cough, cough, cough!" The Golden Dragon King also coughed lightly when he heard the words, and then his eyes hurriedly winked.

"Okay, okay, let's get down to business."

"This treasure depends on your fate."

"But before that, we still have to resolve the matter of the twin ghost emperors."

"Otherwise, if the treasure is really taken away by you, then just relying on my strength will not be able to suppress the twin ghost emperors." The illusory figure in the stone tablet also said.

"Senior's life, junior will naturally add a little power." Xiao Yan also laughed.

Although Xiao Yan knew that the people in this stele would treat him like this, it was largely because his master Jinlong King was related to his master Tuoshe Ancient Emperor, otherwise, his fate would also be related to the white bones in the river. There is no difference.

Ask for tickets!