Chapter Vol 4 2112: I, Xiao Lei, fight for you!

"Devil, go to **** with remorse!"

Seeing that Xiao Yan actually wanted to use the power of the devil to take this blow from himself, Liu Hao looked disdainful, and poured all the bright aura of his body into the Holy Sword of Judgment and swung it down directly.

Now the Holy Sword of Judgment displayed by Liu Hao is powerful enough to kill Xiao Yan, even if Xiao Yan turns into a demon!

If Xiao Yan didn't use some trump cards, he would probably be seriously injured by his own attack, and he would not fall.

"Wong Buzz!"

The holy sword of judgment was swung down, and the endless white brilliance, like the shining sun, bloomed with inexhaustible divine light.

First, the milky white light feathers dripped down, isolating all the power in Xiao Yan's body, and then the holy sword slanted and fell down without any obstruction, and directly took the devil's heart.

"Dong Dong Dong!"

At this moment, the expression of the demon Xiao Yan froze instantly, countless demon blood flooded his body, and an extremely violent aura was like a flood of beasts, swept out uncontrollably.

"Boom!"

Xiao Yan transformed into a beast, directly wrapped in dark green evil mist, carrying a demon body, raised his hands high, and walked towards the Holy Sword of Judgment.

Facing Xiao Yan's arrogantly standing demon body, the Judgment Sacred Sword's body exuded a powerful aura that shook the world with its milky white light feathers, and the sword body pointed directly at the demon Xiao Yan.

"Crack Kacha!"

The holy sword came, and countless splendors enveloped the world, making countless human beings feel at ease, but this force acted on Xiao Yan, but it was depriving Xiao Yan of his life like an angry **** of death.

Xiao Yan raised his hands, countless evil flames and demon trees lingered, and for a while he directly intercepted the holy sword with endless brilliance in the air, but the demon clothes on his body was buzzing, a trace of Silk cracks appeared, and even the pair of hands protected by the power of the devil and the magic wood were violently burned by the flames around the holy sword!

The sky and the earth turned pale. The dark green power of Xiao Yan's hands, which was blessed by the power of the devil and the magic wood, rapidly weakened, and his breath became weak. Obviously, the power of the Holy Judgment Sword was already close to the limit that Xiao Yan could bear today.

The holy sword descended, and the endless divine aura suddenly fell. Under this divine might, the evil thoughts in everyone's hearts were purified!

It seems that under the brilliance of God, any evil thoughts in their hearts are ashamed and filthy!

"Too...too appalling?"

Seeing Xiao Yan actually intercepting the holy sword with both hands, countless strong men couldn't help but gasped and looked at each other.

"Hahaha!"

"I want to see how long you can last!"

"Bright Night!"

Although Liu Hao was surprised, but from Xiao Yan's calmness, he noticed that the void under Xiao Yan's feet exploded, and cracks appeared. Obviously, Xiao Yan paid a very painful price in order to receive the holy sword.

Liu Hao's voice just fell, and a ripple of dawn light on the sky swept out of the cloud and mist, and directly injected it into the holy sword, making its power sharply increased!

"Ugh……"

Xiao Yan let out a weak sigh, and immediately above his body, dark green energy slowly wriggled, and it burned gently like a flame.

The divine power restrains and suppresses the demonic power in Xiao Yan's body. In addition to the demonic power and the hostility of the holy flame, Xiao Yan's fire attribute power instantly fails. In addition to the means of not revealing the clan pattern, dragon **** transformation, etc., Xiao Yan Now it can be described as a single tree.

Unless you use the Devil's Cube, unleash all the power of the devil!

But like that, Austin may not be able to handle it. After all, this guy's power is probably more terrifying than Liu Hao. If all the demon's power is exposed in advance, I'm afraid Xiao Yan...

"Boom!"

Affected by Xiao Yan's power, the bright aura of the whole world trembled rapidly, as if some terrifying creature was about to be born.

The aura of light was instantly extinguished, like a river of light, and all the water in the river of light was evaporated by the actions of the demon Xiao Yan.

"Demon power!"

"right!"

"That's right!"

Xiao Yan's sudden change made Liu Hao even more ecstatic.

Liu Hao clearly thought that killing Xiao Yan with the Holy Sword of Judgment was a fool's errand, but what he thought was to stimulate all the power of the devil, so that he could completely kill Xiao Yan with the power of his angel and the power of the Son of Light.

Even if Xiao Yan is strong, he still has the soul of slaughter... This time it can be said that it is a holy war to establish his identity as the Son of Light in the Holy See!

"Ugh."

Just when Xiao Yan was about to fully activate the power of the devil, a faint voice sounded in Xiao Yan's body. With the appearance of this voice, the entire sky was suddenly covered with a layer of gray energy, and countless thunders emerged. The divine brilliance above the sword actually plummeted a lot.

"It's not yet time to use this power."

Xiao Lei took one step forward, holding the Thunder Heart surrounded by brilliant colors in his hand, and said to Xiao Yan with a relaxed expression on his face.

"This is the only way."

Xiao Yan shook his head, now he has no extra strength to deal with Liu Hao.

"Xiao Yan, although you and I are both prosperous, there is always a question in my heart that I don't understand."

"Can you answer me?"

Xiao Lei said flatly, he seemed to have the answer in his heart long ago, but he still needed to make sure.

"Go ahead."

Xiao Yan temporarily suppressed the power of the devil and said hurriedly.

"Why... why are you fighting?"

"For honor?"

"For money power?"

"I've always wondered."

"You are carrying a demon, you can leave alone in this battle, why do you want to do this when you know you are going to die?"

Xiao Lei's eyes were like torches, and after he finished speaking, his eyes were fixed on Xiao Yan.

"Fight for protection."

Xiao Yan's eyes glanced at the corner of his eye, ignoring Xiao Lei's changes, and immediately said plainly while resisting the holy sword.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan's words pierced Xiao Lei's nerves like acupuncture.

"For...protection?"

Xiao Lei murmured and nodded, his body shaking like an electric shock, as if he was thinking about something.

"Die!"

Liu Hao's voice rang out, and the holy sword of judgment instantly emerged, splitting into traces of incomparably hot divine brilliance, killing Xiao Yan who was close at hand with a posture of holding up the sky.

The intensity of the scorching radiance is outrageous Even a late stage eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse, if it falls into it, I am afraid that it will be instantly annihilated, and both body and spirit will be destroyed!

"not good!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yan's heart sank, and when he gritted his teeth, the Devil's Rubik's Cube rolled around in his body, a trace of dark green blood flowed out, and the entire sky suddenly turned gray.

"Xiao Yan, thank you."

"Thank you for your care... This time, I will fight for you!"

Seeing Xiao Yan in such a situation, Xiao Lei laughed loudly. At the same time, the heart of thunder in his hand melted with his body, turning into a dazzling lightning current that rushed into Xiao Yan's chest.

The terrifying thunder, like a majestic thunder lion traversing the entire galaxy universe, poured into Xiao Yan's body, merging and nourishing the original power that Xiao Yan lost due to the previous battle.

Even in Xiao Yan's body, in addition to the dual attributes of fire and wood, a red energy crystal slowly appeared in the sea of ​​fighting qi!