Chapter Vol 4 900: An empty 5th floor!

After the fourth floor of the underground palace was cracked, Zhu Jin discovered for the first time that the two guardians guarding the fourth floor had disappeared.

"The two guys who just left, these two have guarded me all these years."

"One turn, the nine-star Doudi Xuanyin and the eight-star Doudi's complete Xuanyang." Although Xuan Muqing was still weak, after the blood curse was completely expelled, he was much better.

"Is the Nine Star Dou Emperor and the Eight Star Dou Emperor a complete success..."

"The strength behind this Xuanling King is really not to be underestimated." Fen Tian smiled slowly when he heard the words.

"Let's go, the fifth floor of the underground palace." Ling Mengsheng seemed extremely happy, and leaned towards the fifth floor of the underground palace with Xuan Mu in his arms.

"Don't be like this, there are so many people..." Seeing Lingmengsheng's lack of euphemism, Xuanmu's face turned slightly red, he immediately got up, broke free from his embrace, and said coquettishly.

"Hehe." Reimu seemed to realize something, and grinned.

"The fifth floor of the underground palace seems to be different." Fen Tian and his group laughed slowly, and then said to the fifth floor of the underground palace below.

"Senior, I don't know what is on the fifth floor of the underground palace."

"However, since the establishment of the fifth floor of the underground palace, it seems that only King Xuanling has entered." Xuan Muqing opened his mouth slightly, but Xuan Muqing still hid the fact that he was King Xuanling's younger sister.

"It is said that King Xuanling was also an emperor who loved his people like a son, but I don't know why, after the establishment of the underground palace, King Xuanling has undergone earth-shaking changes." Xuanmu Qingdu said.

As Xuan Muqing's voice just fell, all the strong people looked at Xuan Muqing in surprise.

Among them, the most spiritual dreamer was surprised.

Ling Mengsheng remembered Xuan Muqing's prominent family background, it is said that it was before he met him.

Xuan Muqing met him when he was slaughtered, and immediately made a private life with himself, so from beginning to end, Lingmengsheng didn't know Xuan Muqing's true identity.

"How do you know?" Now it was Zhu Jin's turn to be surprised.

Naturally, everyone had never doubted Xuan Muqing's identity, but even Fen Tian didn't know about these things, how could Xuan Muqing know.

"What the two guardians said." Xuan Muqing said with a playful smile.

"That's it." Many strong people naturally believed.

"It seems that there should be some hidden secrets on the fifth floor of this underground palace..." Fen Tian said slowly.

"Furthermore, in the fifth floor of the underground palace, there seems to be similarities with the blood curse that has just been expelled..." Xuan Mu said in a stern voice.

"Let's go!" As Xuan Muqing's voice just fell, a group of strong men walked directly towards the fifth floor of the underground palace.

Leaving the fourth floor of the underground palace, continuing to walk down the stairs, towards the fifth floor of the underground palace.

"The passage here is getting darker and more humid." The old man couldn't help but said.

"This place should already be thousands of meters away from the ground, so this situation is extremely normal." Mu Xuzi laughed.

"Where is the entrance." At this time, the old man of heaven and earth pointed to a place in front of him sleepily and said.

As soon as the voice fell, everyone turned into a meteor and swept away.

"Shabu Shabu!" Everyone swept across the passage, and then came to the fifth floor of the underground palace with great ease.

It's just that after arriving on the fifth floor of the underground palace, everyone's faces became ugly.

"Damn, what the **** is this King Xuanling doing?"

"It's so bloody, I'm afraid it will take the blood of hundreds of strong people to form it." The old man stood on a rock covered with bloodstains, and the stench came from his nostrils, and then his face was a little difficult. He looked up and said.

Everyone came to the fifth floor through the passage, and immediately found that the fifth floor was an incomparably huge cave!

In this cave, there are many large and small passages, even extending in all directions, and the rocks have already been corroded by blood and full of blood, and even in some rock crevices, there is still tiny blood!

With such blood, with the perception of young and old, it is not difficult to find that it is all human blood!

"Be careful." At this time, Ling Mengsheng directly put his profound eyes behind him, and then looked around vigilantly.

"how so……"

"How can it be……"

"Brother, what the **** is he doing..." At this moment, Xuan Muqing felt extremely shocked, obviously not knowing what his brother Xuanling King was doing.

Since he was invaded by a foreign evil race when he gave birth, since then, his brother's personality has changed greatly, so what Xuan Muqing just said is not without reason.

"It does have the smell of blood demons here." Fen Tian, ​​on the other hand, was slowly trying to figure it out, obviously staring at the blood cave paved with human blood, and there were some unknown secrets.

"But there shouldn't be any blood demon aura here, I'm afraid it has already escaped." After a while, Fen Tian shook his head and said.

With the strength of the Burning Heaven Dou Immortal, it is natural to sense that although this blood-colored cave is very large, there is no sign of any creatures at all.

"The Gorefiends are the world enemies of our Xuanling Continent. When they tried to erode our Xuanling Continent, they were fought by many powerful people in our Xuantian days, and the Gorefiend Zuowei, the second strongest of the Gorefiends, was also suppressed in the The desert mountain range has been completely obliterated by Xiao Yan when he obtained the Holy Flame."

"But even so. There are still many remnants of the Gorefiends. The fifth floor of this underground palace is probably where they live." Zhu Jin also frowned and said.

"The Xuanling Royal Family has a relationship with Solomon and even the Soul Clan. We naturally know this, but when did the Xuanling Royal Family have a relationship with the Gorefiends..."

"The fifth floor of the underground palace is clearly a tailor-made habitat for the evil clan. If you want to say that the Xuanling royal family has nothing to do with the blood demon clan, then no one believes it..." Qing Lao also Open your mouth.

"It seems that the plan to save Yanchi this time is not that simple." Fen Tian suddenly thought of something and said.

"Pavilion Master..." Zhu Jin and his party heard the words and spoke slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I've made up my mind, so there's no need to persuade me."

"Since the matter has come to this point, we must continue to move forward, but we must prepare for the worst. If our plan fails, we must save our strength for Fenxiang Pavilion anyway." Fen Tian spoke slowly.

"But..." Just when everyone was about to speak at Du, Fen Tian suddenly shook his head.

They all know that the extraterritorial evil clan is powerful, and the Xuanling royal family is also extremely powerful. If these two forces collude, I am afraid it will bring endless trouble, and even if they are as powerful as Burning Heaven, they are somewhat afraid.

"Let's go, time waits for no one, the sixth floor of the underground palace."

"Where should we save the last stage of Yanchi." After Fen Tian finished speaking, he didn't stop, and went straight to the next floor.

And Xuanmu prayed secretly in his heart, hoping that his brother would not collude with the evil clan outside the territory, otherwise, in the end, King Xuanling would end up...

The third update is coming, tomorrow at 12:20 noon