Chapter Vol 4 2132: Xiao Gui, Xiao Zifan, help and reunite...

"Yingying, take everyone away!"

"Everyone, including them in the basement."

Above the sky, while Cailin resisted the fierce offensive, a rush of soul transmission within her body fell into Mu Yingying's mind without a trace.

Angel Kaili's strength is too terrifying, and now she only has the power to control the eight colors, and her strength is no different from that of ordinary eight-star fighting immortals in the middle and late stages!

If it weren't for the power of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, she would have already fallen into the hands of Angel Kelly. Cai Lin knew that she could delay the time running out, so she could only make this last resort and do her best to keep it for the Endless Fire Territory. The last flame of hope.

"Boom!"

With a sound, Mu Yingying didn't respond, but there was a flash of determination in her beautiful eyes. The pink flames and the blue flames rose together, surrounding them, and the aura of seeing death as if they were at home, set them off like a Valkyrie!

Mu Yingying's delicate body was shocked, and at the same time, she came to the sky, and the dazzling power was injected into the snake spirit. Even if it was a short-lived, she vowed to work with Cailin to resist the giant finger of light that could wipe out everything.

Because the two of them are the two recognized mistresses of the Endless Fire Territory!

"Master Mistress!"

Looking at this scene, the eyes of many strong people in the endless fire domain behind them couldn't help but turn red, and a grief passed out.

Perhaps their strength is outstanding in the Endless Fire Realm, but in the face of the divine power of Angel Kelly, they appear extremely insignificant.

At this moment, looking at the sky high in the sky, Kelly is like a **** depriving the two mistresses of their lives. In the endless fire area, nearly a million people, with big eyes and fists clenched tightly, The corners of his mouth became extremely ferocious, glaring at the sky!

Zhu Jin, Fen Tian and the others rushed towards the sky, trying to do their part, but in the endless fire realm, Yan Chi, Shefu and other seniors also flew into the sky at the same time with hundreds of elites, trying to resist Angel's might.

For a time, the scene was very spectacular, but no matter how many people there are, most of them are only some strong people with strength ranging from three-star Dou Xian to six-star Dou Xian, even if they are united to deal with Kelly Xeon's blow, it is also abnormal. of insignificance.

But they knew that this battle could not be won, and even if they were facing downfall, no one thought about taking a step back!

Taking a step back is the base camp of the Endless Fire Territory and the home they rely on for survival!

Millions of people are united, and the endless fire field at this moment seems unusually united.

"Such a prosperous and united endless fire domain has cost the two mistresses too much effort. I don't want to see it so shattered."

"That guy Xiao Yan has tried his best so many times, let us old bones do our best this time."

A series of righteous and awe-inspiring voices emerged, and suddenly here, scenes of hot aura emerged at the same time.

That is the breath of self-destruction!

These veterans of the Endless Fire Territory actually want to buy their escape time at the cost of burning their own lives!

"It's a pretty good force, but it's a pity that there is a demon leader."

"Since you don't follow, then fall here completely."

Seeing such a righteous and awe-inspiring move by the hundreds of powerful people around, Kelly smiled.

"Crack!"

The holy sword shattered and turned into countless threads of light that tightly entwined Cailin and Mu Yingying. An irresistible breath of light suppressed the two of them. I am afraid that they would be completely crushed and turned into powder after the breath. , the body and spirit are destroyed.

"Bright Judgment!!!"

"fall from the sky!"

Zai Du waved his hand, and endless rays of light and white light rushed out rapidly, with a light and sacred aura, directly killing the two of them.

Divine power is vast and unmatched!

"go!"

"Snake burst!"

Cai Lin pushed Mu Yingying back, and then many strong people were also shocked by Cai Lin's actions. There are traces of self-destruction!

In the sky, countless white rays of light sting Cailin, and the severe pain made Cailin's complexion look extremely pale, and behind Kelly, countless white rays of light turned into a giant blade of the sky, easily tearing the sky, The momentum of thunder blasted away at Cailin!

The giant blade of the sky, the breath of countless angels lingered, the power was infinite, and it was extremely shocking.

"Haha... When did the Holy See angels become so arrogant and domineering?"

"The power of clan lines, hang!"

A cold hum, accompanied by a soft halo, completely spread to the sky.

"Wong Buzz!"

A black energy, like lightning, emerged from the sky in the distance, and the heaven and earth shook suddenly and gently. After a while, a black giant sawtooth beam of light, rushing and whistling, suddenly attacked Kelly.

"what?"

"Bang bang bang!"

At this moment, Kelly's expression became darker. Although the terrifying attack in front of him was quite weak, the giant blade of the sky that he had brewed was completely disintegrated by this force!

"Xiao Clan!!!"

Kelly looked up, and on the edge of the sky in the distance, four figures, two men and two women, stood slowly. Among them, there was a man, with a black line between his eyebrows, exuding a heaven and earth. strong force.

Based on Kelly's experience, it is not difficult to detect that it is the smell of the exclusive Xiao clan!

"Hey, two sisters-in-law, fortunately caught up."

After the blink of an eye, a figure slowly paced, and instantly surrounded Cai Lin and the two, smiling broadly.

"Xiao...Xiao ghost?"

At this time, Cai Lin reluctantly regained some composure, patted the violently undulating chest and the snake spirit struggling beside her, and said in surprise.

Xiao Yan naturally told himself about Xiao Gui, but didn't their family of four go somewhere to subdue Sheng Yan?

"Two sisters-in-law, don't worry, my father is here, this time it will definitely be saved."

Xiao Gui's voice became extremely firm, guarding Cailin and Mu Yingying.

On the other side, headed by Xiao Zifan, along with Yu Rouer and Xiao Gui's wife, Luo Menglan, the three slowly stepped into the air and surrounded Kelly with a horn.

"Why does the Xiao family still have descendants of Daqian?"

"It's astonishing."

Kelly looked at the three people beside her and smiled slightly.

The strength of these three people is only in the ranks of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals to the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, and they can't cause any obstacles to herself at all, but the power of the clan marks on Xiao Zifan's forehead makes her feel extremely irritable.

"Is it……"

"Wan Yan Zhenshi!"

"Hanging!"

The three roared Countless energy overflowed, forming a fiery sea of ​​fire that was thousands of meters in size, completely detonated, and endless energy swept out. That kind of violent energy fluctuations might be enough to kill the real Eight Star Fighting Immortals. strong.

"Light!"

Kelly waved her hand gently, and a light curtain suppressed her like the sky.

"Boom!"

The attack of several people just touched, and suddenly the space trembled violently, and countless surging energies burst out like energy tides. The entire endless fire area also seemed to be abnormally shaken and disturbed. , shattered in an instant.

"Bang bang bang!"

Even though the powers of the two were not at the same level, the power of Xiao Zifan's clan lines actually broke through Kelly's defense and hit **** the skin of the defenseless body.

The power of Xiao Zifan's clan lines seems to be able to ignore the defense of light?

txt download address:

phone-reading: