Chapter Vol 4 2046: Fist of the Titans vs Fist of Domination!

"Good guy..."

"It is said that the titan mammoth is an extremely rare species among the beasts. It is not only powerful, but also has no restraint. Under one foot, almost no one can survive."

"Ordinary Titan mammoths at the early stage of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal Stage are enough to compete with some early-stage Eight-Star Fighting Immortal-level humans, and this guy's strength has reached the rare seventh-grade fairy rank, which is comparable to the late stage human beings of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal Stage. Even some middle- and late-stage powerhouses of the Eight-Star Dou Xian can only choose to retreat." Xiao Yan's body moved rapidly, instantly vacated, and whispered quietly.

After Xiao Yan's body left the Titan Mammoth and occupied the sky, Xiao Yan just realized that this guy is simply a heavyweight creature. I am afraid that its body alone occupies half of this small world.

However, Xiao Yan was also puzzled. With such a huge body, this guy naturally hindered his movement. How could this guy be called the Taishan Beidou of the World of Warcraft?

"Boom!" The Titan Mammoth seemed to have just woken up, full of resentment, and its huge pupils looked at Xiao Yan, as if they were extremely interested.

Soon, the doubt in Xiao Yan's heart was shattered by the Titan Mammoth.

"Crack!" With a sound, the Titan Mammoth raised its forefoot and slapped it towards the void where Xiao Yan was, and a harsh sound of space explosion emerged.

"No, what kind of power is this..." Before Xiao Yan had time to prepare, he suddenly felt that a dark shadow appeared above his head.

It was an incomparably huge foot, but no matter how hard Xiao Yan struggled, he seemed unable to move, and even all the power in his body was shrouded in the black shadow of this huge foot, and instantly failed.

"Will this be too strict?"

"After all, he was able to successfully refine the medicinal pills, and he already has the qualifications to succeed in the assessment. The Titan Mammoth is one of the guardian beasts of our Medicine Clan..." Feng Lao hid in the small world space and looked at Xiao Yan like this , couldn't help but said.

"Tear it!" With a sound, the void under Xiao Yan's feet squirmed, and at the critical moment, the space shuttle handprint came out, so he escaped the terrifying blow of the Titan Mammoth without any risk, otherwise, if he was trampled like this, I am afraid that he will get flesh and blood. be vague...

"This guy doesn't look like any spiritual body, but more like a real magical beast kept in captivity... Could this be the masterpiece of the Yao family?" Xiao Yan just fled away, and when Du appeared, his eyes couldn't help but become deep. .

A creature like the titan mammoth is definitely not something that ordinary human forces can possess. I am afraid that only a giant race like the Yao family is qualified to keep it in captivity.

"Hoohoho!" The Titan Mammoth didn't care about this. It had just woken up and obviously had a lot of temper. It was about to trample Xiao Yan to death, but found that Xiao Yan had escaped his attack. The child, with his elephant trunk entrenched high, his chubby body trembled and moved towards Xiao Yan.

"Dragon God Transformation!" At this moment, Xiao Yan didn't hold back, his whole body energy boiled, and the Dragon God's first transformation, second transformation and third transformation were displayed together, inspiring his physical strength to the limit!

In addition to the tempering of the Seven Profound Demonic Thunder just now, on Xiao Yan's body, there were traces of extremely dull golden lines hidden under the flesh and blood. In addition, the traces of thunder were also beating slowly, which seemed to be out of Xiao Yan's part. tyrannical.

"Dong dong dong!" After approaching Xiao Yan for some distance, the Titan Mammoth waved its front toes again, like a terrifying Titan fist. Heaven and Earth, Shake Heaven and Earth!

"Tear it off!"

"Scales of Tyrant!" Seeing such a terrifying punch from the Titan Mammoth, Xiao Yan could no longer contain his frenzy. On his arms, the blue Scales of Tyrants flashed with unusually ferocious and thick power, and his palms clenched tightly. Grip, and also form a giant cyan fist wrapped by the scales of the tyrant, attacking directly at the fist of the Titan mammoth!

"what?"

"This guy actually wants to hold the Titan Fist of the Titan Mammoth?"

"Even if this guy has a good body refining technique, the power of a titan mammoth is not comparable to that of an ordinary human." At this moment, Feng Lao's eyes looked extremely solemn, she would not stop Xiao Yan, But once Xiao Yan was defeated, she would immediately take action.

"Boom!" The two fists bombarded each other, and suddenly countless voids in the entire small world sounded like glass shattering, and time and space cracks scattered uncontrollably.

"Xuuuu!" With a sound, the double fist attack fell, countless energy ripples scattered everywhere, and the end was... a draw!

The giant body of the titan mammoth took a few dozen steps back slightly, and Xiao Yan's body was suddenly thrown from the sky by this wave.

"Hot Explosion!" Xiao Yan sneered, the speed skyrocketed, and the gorgeous flame was like a treasure, blessing on Xiao Yan's footsteps.

After the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan's figure appeared, and he had arrived at the trunk of the Titan Mammoth's predecessor!

"Weng Om Om!" The blow just now made the Titan Mammoth really pay attention to Xiao Yan, and immediately felt Xiao Yan's aura, his body shook violently, and a heavy aura like a nine-day star and moon pressed down on Xiao Yan.

"Ouch." Being suppressed by such a terrifying force, Xiao Yan's body suddenly dropped, and the giant mammoth's mouth opened slightly, as if mocking Xiao Yan for how dare a small ant like Xiao Yan dare to provoke its supremacy as the overlord of the World of Warcraft.

"Boom!" The next moment the titan mammoth didn't hesitate, raising both feet at the same time, taking advantage of Xiao Yan's current trap, trying to kill him with one hit.

"It's you who's waiting!"

"The Fist of Domination!" Looking at this scene, one second before the black shadow of the giant footsteps enveloped Xiao Yan, the cyan above Xiao Yan's arm flourished, and an illusory shadow of Domination enveloped his fist, which looked extremely solid and heavy. With the addition of a dragon roar that pierced through the heavens and the earth, it suddenly appeared, and the heaven and earth paled in an instant.

"Hehe, little guy, this second level is considered a perfect pass for you." Just when Xiao Yan started, Feng Lao's body just emerged, and a mysterious power instantly teleported the Titan Mammoth away from here.

"Boom!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's attack hit the void of the small world, and the sound of shattering and breaking continued to emerge, and the entire space exploded in an instant.

"Thank you, senior." Xiao Yan heard the words, and also put away all his strength, and said with a slight smile.

The third transformation of the Dragon God Transformation, the Pattern of Dominance, as Xiao Yan became more and more proficient, he was able to completely bless one of his arms with the force of the Pattern of Dominance. A punch of that level might be enough to forcefully kill a real person. The Eight-Star Fighting Immortal, but to deal with the Titan Mammoth just now, at most, it will cause some serious damage. As for obliteration, it is too illusory. .

After all, the power of the Titan Mammoth is obvious to all human beings, and Xiao Yan is also quite surprised by the mysterious atmosphere of the Titan Mammoth's Titan Divine Fist and even the feet of the Giant Elephant, which can obviously be hailed as a giant in the world of Warcraft. Ba, still has its pride.

However, at this time, Xiao Yan, who had succeeded in the assessment, naturally had no other thoughts to think about.