Chapter 430: 3 big pupils!

"Lu Ding San Hua Tong... It's not a big deal." Mu Feng turned around and found that the green flute was very hot towards the girl in Xiao Yan's hand, and said.

"Haha, you are not from the Snake Race, so naturally you don't know the terrifying effect of this cauldron with three flower pupils!"

"There are three kinds of extremely strange pupils among our snake people, and this three-flowered pupil of the furnace and the green snake are two of them."

"The three-flowered pupil of the blue snake ranks last. It is said that this kind of pupil can control all snake people or snake monsters for one's own use. Just imagine that you, a four-star Dou Di perfect powerhouse, suddenly summoned There are many powerhouses of the same level who have completed the four-star Dou Di, and it will have an overwhelming effect on the battlefield."

"Furthermore, there is Luding Sanhuatong. Luding Sanhuatong is known as the most respected pupil of the entire snake human race, ranking second. It is rumored that the Luding Sanhuatong can be absorbed in time to break through the current **** and become a cocoon. Butterfly is not fake...but among our snake people, it is rumored that the three flowered pupils of the furnace can speed up the cultivation speed of the snake people, and also make the snake people evolve for it!" The green flute opened his mouth slightly, but there was a difficulty under his lips. Cover up the surprise.

"Evolution?" Xiao Yan heard the words, placed a huge soul barrier next to them, and then gently put down the unconscious girl in his hand.

The comatose girl has beautiful hair that spreads out like a branch, breathing rhythmically through her nose and mouth, and her eyes are slightly closed, as if she will wake up at any time.

"Yes, that's right, it's evolution!"

"Our snake people are not like your humans. You humans can cultivate all the time. Unless you fail to break through, you will die. Otherwise, our snake people will reach their limit. If you don't break through the current realm or evolve, then it is likely to be accompanied by falling. This is also the reason why many monsters want to cultivate in human form."

"So, we snake people don't know why, even if we cultivate to the level of fighting immortals, we can't completely rely on some things of snake-tailed snake people, and these can only be more perfect close to humans by swallowing medicinal pills or evolution."

"And as far as I know, according to some extremely obscure records, this cauldron with three flower eyes seems to have some mysterious power that can make our bloodline evolve!" Green Flute's pupils were slightly fiery.

"Evolution... Although evolution is a good thing, it can not only change one's talent, but also improve one's blood power, which determines the height of one's cultivation!"

"However...if the breakthrough fails, then the fate will be doomed!" Xiao Yan recalled that when Medusa relied on the power of different fire to evolve into a colorful sky-devouring python on the Dou Qi Continent, such a terrifying process was also in his heart. There is a cold, this one is careless, if it fails, the end will be extremely tragic.

"Hey, you don't know about this. Our snake people's cultivation picture is not the same as you. Our snake people pay great attention to the power of blood. Among them, the blood of the swallowing python is the most noble, and the swallowing python has one color to nine colors. The words of Jiu Cai... have not appeared in thousands of years."

"So it's very likely that this cauldron with three flower pupils will give birth to a powerful man with a nine-colored sky-swallowing python from our snake people!"

"Nine-colored swallowing python, that is an extremely terrifying existence in the battle of immortals!" Green Flute is also fiery, because no matter what, Green Flute is in the final analysis of the Snake People, so I saw the three flowers in this furnace. When it was Hitomi, it was inevitable to be so hot.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python?" Xiao Yan exclaimed. It seemed that when Cailin was above the Dou Qi Continent, it broke through to the level of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python in the crypt of the Nine Netherworld Nether Python clan. Could it be... …

"Yes, that's right, the nine-colored swallowing python." Green Flute said affirmatively.

"Nine-colored swallowing python?"

"I didn't expect this kind of thing to actually exist. I remember my brother seems to have said that the blood of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python can reduce his strength..." Mu Yingying heard the words, her beautiful eyes rolled, thinking about something.

"However, this nine-colored swallowing python is also a top secret among our snake people. I don't know too much. The only thing I can confirm is that this nine-colored swallowing python has extremely terrifying potential..." Green flute slightly road.

"It seems that we still have to hurry up and find Cailin Xun'er and the others..." Xiao Yan made up his mind. Once the matter here is understood, he will definitely find the two of them as soon as possible. After all, they are both his Yan Emperor Xiao Yan. 's wife...

"Didn't you say that there are three kinds of mysterious pupils among your snake people... What is the other one?" Mu Feng stared at the green flute curiously.

"Forget it, that kind of pupil hasn't appeared for many years, so it's alright if you don't know."

"We'd better come out and finish the things here first, otherwise things will change later." After Green Flute finished speaking, he supported the three-flowered **** the cauldron and spoke.

"That's right." Everyone nodded, and then slowly a group of six came to the barefoot woman.

"Tsk tsk, this yellow beam is not easy."

"As far as I know, this is a method specially used to imprison people. It has the same effect as a seal. Even me, it can't be broken in a short time." Mu Feng came to the barefoot woman and turned around her. A circle of openings.

"Be careful!" Just as Mu Feng carefully observed the barefooted woman, a green light appeared on the barefooted woman's body, and the next moment it suddenly streaks towards Mu Feng.

With his powerful soul power, Xiao Yan had already sensed it, and then he pulled Mu Feng over directly with a hand, and only then did he escape the mysterious attack of the barefooted woman.

"The reaction is very fast." The barefooted woman stretched her waist slightly and said lazily.

"Haha, I have long felt that this Dou Qi beam can't trap you, but I don't know why you haven't left yet." Xiao Yan said calmly, not at all surprised by the barefooted woman's actions.

"As expected of an emperor-level soul power, although I don't know your certain soul power, but you have such a terrifying soul with only the strength of a four-star Dou Di, it really surprises me." The barefooted woman opened her mouth slightly.

"Bang bang bang!" As the barefoot woman spoke, the yellow Dou Qi beam instantly shattered, and the barefoot woman was revealed.

"You are also very surprising to me. You don't have any treasures on your body. I think that Fire Qidan and Jiuyin Demon Worm belong to another person, right?"

"However, your emperor-level mortal-level soul avatar didn't run away while taking advantage of the chaos just now Are you absolutely confident or stupid?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"It's nothing, it's just to prove something."

"But you're right, those things are not on me." The barefoot woman smiled slightly.

"You will be a very good opponent. I hope to meet you in the sect competition seven years later."

"By the way, my name is Lin Zhu, a member of the Poison Sect." After the barefoot woman finished speaking, her body turned into a green light and disappeared instantly.

"Let's go, let's go to the meeting place first. I felt the mark left on me by that person, and they should be leaving." Xiao Yan finished speaking and was just about to take a few people towards a certain direction.

"Sorry, I don't think I can go with you. This cauldron is of great importance. I have to send her back myself!" Green Flute said solemnly.

"Mufeng, go with her." Xiao Yan said, because Xiao Yan knew the importance of this three-flowered cauldron to the Snake People, and what he said, Xiao Yan seemed to feel that the Snake People were more or less the same. Less has something to do with Cailin.

"Okay, no problem!" Mu Feng said cheerfully.

"Thank you." Green Flute hugged the figure in her arms and said slightly bitterly.

After a few people stayed for a while, they separated abruptly. Xiao Yan and Yi Muyingying went to a team of three for the experience, while Mufeng Green Flute took the three-colored eyes of the furnace and headed towards the Snake People!