Chapter 171: Horror ghost emperor, escape!

"Damn!"

"What is that..." At this time, Mu Feng also discovered the ghost spirit that came out of the cold pond, and there seemed to be other more powerful things in the pond!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The ghost seemed to be only guarding the more powerful things at the bottom of the cold pond, and immediately shivered.

"Damn, what is this, we can't get out..." Xiao Yan took Mu Feng and fled towards the exit, but he was helpless and couldn't get out. It seemed that something was blocking the door and rebounded Xiao Yan. return.

Then Xiao Yan just wanted to use the power of the strange fire, but was attracted by Mu Feng's voice.

"This is a unique barrier in the ghost world, let me do it." Mu Feng said.

"The sky and the earth are infinite, the universe is yin and yang, open!" Mu Feng tried a strange handprint in his hand, and after speaking, a powerful momentum burst out instantly.

"Bang bang bang!" With the sound of three sounds, Xiao Yan also found that the barrier that blocked them turned into a tidal wave of energy and spread out everywhere, and then there was no time to stop, and the speed increased to the extreme.

The two quickly fled, and then, under the influence of Mu Feng's Yin-Yang Law, their figures were also vaguely hidden in the darkness, and even if they were carefully observed, they could not be found.

Along the way, they passed some black ghosts patrolling places, and the ghosts were not found, and the two of them were like a gust of wind.

"Master, what is that thing in the cold pool..." Xiao Yan was also shocked, and he obviously knew something from the words of his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"I didn't want to tell you these things at first, but now that I have encountered it, I have to tell you that when it comes to the cold pool, the ghost is only acting as a guardian."

"And as you expected, that cold pond is indeed sealed with a powerful ghost, but why did that seal disappear? According to my perception, the ghost sealed in the pool should be a ghost emperor! That belongs to The mainstay of the ghost world is a very difficult character to deal with."

"In the legendary ghost world, the power of ghosts is divided into the weakest ghost soldiers, ghosts a little stronger than ghost soldiers, ghost generals, ghost handsome, followed by ghosts ten times more powerful, followed by ghosts stronger than ghosts The ghost emperor who is ten times more powerful, and finally the most powerful ghost immortal. What you encountered today is the legendary ghost spirit and ghost emperor. If the Ghost Emperor can't get out, your situation is in jeopardy." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"What are you stunned for? Come with me!" Mu Feng also noticed that Xiao Yan's speed had slowed down, and immediately said.

After he finished speaking, his speed exploded, and he walked towards a passage in all directions in front of him.

"Follow him, this kid is proficient in yin and yang gossip, and he can walk on the ground even in the ghost world." The voice of the Golden Dragon King sounded in Xiao Yan's heart.

On the edge of the cold pond, the ghost was also looking at the water surface with big bubbles in the pond, and it felt a little bit of fear!

"No adults!"

"The power of the seal hasn't completely disappeared. Your lord, forcibly breaking the seal like this will only hurt the source..." The ghost said respectfully.

The creatures in the cold pond seemed to ponder a little, and then went quiet.

"Where is the ghost spirit in the cold!" The ghost spirit also patrolled the stone room and found many comatose humans, and then shouted in satisfaction.

"Ghost spirit, why did you come out? Don't you want to protect the adults?" The original figure also slowly appeared beside Hanchi.

"Haha, Youhan, you have the nerve to ask!"

"How can humans enter this place!" The figure known as the ghost spirit also said angrily.

"Human, impossible!"

"Our space transfer formation secretly transferred these humans from the ground and used the ecstasy unique to our ghost world."

"Even if the four-star Dou Emperor peak is strong, it is impossible for him to wake up in a short time." Youquan Guiling denied.

"Youquan, you have offended your lord. Those two humans not only came here, but also explored Hanchi. Thanks to your lord's obstruction, they didn't succeed."

"However, their attack also angered the adults, and the seal can only be carried out in advance!" The ghost spirit said solemnly.

"Report sir..."

"The two humans in the Tianzi room who were transferred have disappeared again..." A ghost soldier also appeared slowly.

"Waste, waste, waste!" Youquan Ghost Spirit was also furious!

"Hehe, Youquan sees the good things you've done. You can't do such trivial things well. If adults know about it..." Gui Mei Guiling also said.

"It's too late, it should be exposed here, quickly throw these humans into the pool to help the adults break the seal!" Youquan also said categorically.

"Youquan, you..."

"Even in the current situation of the adults, breaking the seal requires the blood of a hundred human beings. Now there are ninety-six, will it be..." Ghostly Ghost Spirit said in surprise.

"It's too late to capture human beings, and if you don't hurry, you will change!" The ghost of the secluded spring also said.

"Sir, things have changed, and now I have to help you break through the seal!" Youquan said respectfully to Hanchi, and then waved the palm of nothingness, and those sleeping humans were also thrown one by one. inside the pool.

"Gulugulu..." With the input of these human beings, it turned into a pool of blood just after they were put into the pool, and there were blood bubbles one after another in the pool.

At the same time, there is a circle of golden lines around the cold pond emitting a dazzling light, forming a sharp contrast with the black gas in the pond!

One gold and one black are constantly fighting against each other, and as the volume of the human beings thrown into the pool keeps increasing, the black gas gradually has the momentum to suppress the golden light!

Xiao Yan and Mu Feng kept hiding in Tibet along the way Avoiding many powerful ghosts, all this is due to Mu Feng's magical yin and yang gossip, otherwise the two would not be able to So smooth, Xiao Yan also has a new understanding of Mu Feng.

"What is that?" Xiao Yan followed Mu Feng to escape from the place of right and wrong, but when he was about to reach the exit, he saw a vague figure.

"Mu Feng, please stop, this seems to be a person?" Xiao Yan's voice also attracted Mu Feng.

"This place is already very close to the exit. If you want to come here, this person is also brought here." Mu Feng also pondered.

"Go!" Xiao Yan also directly picked up the figure and walked towards the exit.

After a few minutes, the two of them saw a place with light, and it was an exit!

There was no time to think about it, the speed was increased to the extreme, and the exit was instantly reached.

As soon as they reached the exit, the strong light made them unable to open their eyes.

After getting used to it for a while, the two of them discovered that the exit was actually on the path they had taken from the ferry and headed towards the Test Plaza!

It's just that this trail is densely distributed, so it is difficult for ordinary people to find it!

"This matter must be reported to the chief executive immediately!" The two said in unison.

After speaking, the two of them were also sluggish. You look at me, I look at you, and then they laughed.

The two walked towards Wu Jiang's residence at the same time, and the person in Xiao Yan's hands seemed to have a sense of awakening.

Ask for a monthly pass for a recommendation~