Chapter Vol 4 2023: The ancient city of the sky opens, the sacrificial ceremony is the first

One day passed in a blink of an eye.

The next day, when the sun fell, the entire ancient world ushered in an unprecedented disaster.

"Boom!" A loud bang accompanied by the thick evil aura, fell from the sky, like a galaxy falling into the mortal world. The feeling came to him, making him uneasy.

"This... what kind of power is this?"

"Is it the end of the world?" Millions of people raised their heads one after another and looked at the ancient city in the sky. A smear of black ink continued to shake and spread, and they became panicked in an instant.

Among these vassal people, most of them are mediocre in strength. If there are people with extraordinary talents, they have already been recruited by the ancient powerhouses.

"What's going on?" With the appearance of these shocking visions, Xiao Yan and the other high-level officials came forward directly, looking solemnly at the ancient city of the sky.

"The ancient city of the sky has been closed for a long time, and now it is about to appear in the world." Peerless Heavenly Emperor took the lead, his eyes were fixed on the void above, and his voice was serious.

"Bang bang bang!" A loud noise continued to sound, and in a short while, the whole picture of the ancient city in the sky was reflected in everyone's heart.

"Patriarch Xun'er, the common people are already on the move. With the help of the city stewards, we don't have to worry at all."

"Now the evil and enchanting scholar is the enemy in front of us." Behind him, powerful souls rushed out, and tens of thousands of huge scenes slowly shook the sky.

However, among these guys, there are only a few who specialize in cultivating the power of the soul. The other strong people have no physical support, and their strength will be greatly reduced if they only rely on the soul to fight.

"Don't put too much pressure on yourself."

"It's alright, it's me." Seeing Xun'er's beautiful eyes flashing with an unusually solemn brilliance, Xiao Yan pulled Xun'er with his palm and smiled.

"En." Xun'er heard the words, and the corners of her eyes were also moved. It seemed that as long as she was by Xiao Yan's side, she would feel quite at ease.

"Let's go, go meet this so-called evil and charming scholar." Xiao Yan took Xun'er and took the lead into the sky, directly facing the slowly emerging ancient city in the sky.

"Follow!"

"This time, even if we go through fire and water, we must ensure the safety of the patriarch and Lord Xiao Yan!" The mighty army of souls behind them formed a mighty sea of ​​souls, following behind Xiao Yan and the others.

"Xuuuu!" The ancient city in the sky, which was enveloped by the black ink-colored evil power, suddenly spread out, and a circle of extremely evil energy tides spread out everywhere.

"Be careful!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan wrinkled his nose, and five-colored holy flames swept out from his body, turning into a flame barrier that could cover the world and protect countless spiritual bodies behind him.

"Dong dong dong!" The flame barrier and the energy tide melted perfectly, and did not bring about other energy fluctuations.

"Is this the ancient city in the sky..."

"It's so quiet, like a dead silence, without a bit of vitality." Everyone came to the air and stopped a few hundred meters away from the ancient city of the sky, and they could smell the blood in the ancient city of the sky from a long distance. , but the city is clean and terrifying.

"Welcome to the ancient city of the sky, come up." Just as Xiao Yan and the others hesitated, a rather frivolous voice of a scholar emerged. Suddenly, the ancient city of the sky that stood in the sky changed.

At the bottom of the ancient city of the sky, a hundred-hundred-meter wide cloud chain spreads straight down toward the ground.

The cloud chain seems to be refined from chalcedony with a flawless texture. Its whole body is crystal clear, but it is more clean and tidy than milky white clouds in the sky.

"Squeak." As soon as the cloud chain reached the ground, a sound like a machine suddenly emerged, and it was completely fixed. After a while, the cloud chain directly transformed and opened, and one after another cloud ladder appeared in front of everyone.

The cloud ladder is directly connected from the ground to the bottom of the ancient city in the sky. There are countless faint star patterns engraved on it, and the silver is bright and dazzling.

"This is... It seems that the ancient city of the sky has been completely fallen, and our bodies, including the old patriarch Gu Yuan, may be in danger." No one was seen, just listening to the voice and the current scenery, a soul elder sighed behind him.

"Go!" Xiao Yan released the dazzling amber rock soul fire all over his body, and immediately took Xun'er to step directly into the cloud ladder, heading towards the ancient city of the sky.

"Follow up." The tens of thousands of soul-body powerhouses behind the peerless Heavenly Emperor ruler, with a single order, gathered into a dazzling halo and slowly walked towards the ancient city in the sky.

At the same time, suspended at the bottom of the ancient city of the sky, a huge square that stretches out as far as the eye can see emerges. The square is quite clean and tidy, but in the center, twenty-four black and ink-colored stone pillars are divided into two columns. , lined up neatly from left to right, the stone pillars are engraved with traces of complex lines, which makes people feel frightened at first glance. Obviously, these twenty-four stone pillars are absolutely no trivial matter.

"This is the ancient clan square. It is the place where the ancient clan announced some important events. It is also quite heavy among the ancient clan... But I remember that there have never been such strange twenty-four stone pillars in the past." Xun'er Beside Xiao Yan, he quietly opened his mouth, obviously he was extremely puzzled now.

"What's going on?" After a while, hundreds of soul bodies poured into the ancient clan square. Most of these guys are soul bodies of the core members of the ancient clan with seven-star fighting spirit or above, and they are also the last proof of Xiao Yan and others. .

Hundreds of souls filled the edge of the ancient square, and the remaining strong men stood slowly under the cloud ladder, ready to be called at any time, but the entire ancient square was quiet and terrifying at a glance , and only the twenty-four stone pillars standing in the center of the square stood out, and everyone's eyes flickered, staring at the evil stone pillars, and the soul body couldn't help trembling slightly.

"Boom!" With a sound, the twenty-four stone pillars in the center of the square shook abruptly, and a series of steps slowly emerged, which forcibly lifted these evil stone pillars to the ground.

After the Senran stairs appeared, an evil altar shape was slowly formed in the center of the entire square, surrounded by dozens of black stone steps. In the center of the altar, twelve stone pillars were neatly symmetrical on the left and right, and below the stone pillars, there were two thrones. Slightly gushing out, one black and the other white, the two thrones emerged in a posture of looking down on the overall situation, like the real master of this world.

"Welcome to... the ancient city of Tianxie." Suddenly, on the black throne, a man wearing ink-colored clothes, his black hair was coiled in a neat crown on the top of his head, and his delicate face was quite soft and white. Jie's hands moved from time to time, revealing a scholarly atmosphere all over his body. On his clothes, the black ink-colored lines showed an unprecedented terrifying evil force.

As soon as his voice came out, the entire sky was completely quiet, and even behind the black throne around him, a sinister figure was like a servant, humbly and prostrate.

​​

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: