Chapter 280: The arrival of the Xuanling King!

When Xiao Yan and the others came to the top of the mountain, they saw that dozens of strong men not far away had been waiting for a long time. On the side were Luo Guang and several people who were among the top ten in the points grabbing competition. In addition to Xiao Yan here , a total of fifteen people!

"Is this the recipient of the nine super sects..."

"The strength is really unfathomable." Xiao Yan also murmured.

On the top of the mountain, dozens of recipients representing the nine super sects walked in the air, and then Xiao Yan and the others watched from a distance on the ground, but the distance between them was not far. very close.

"It seems that the top ten this time seem to have some good seedlings." The elegant woman also looked at the fifteen people on the ground and said slowly.

The graceful woman is the messenger of the Heartless Palace, who is specially responsible for the reception of the newcomer this time.

"Hey, even though your Disciples from the Heartless Palace are the smallest among our nine sects, their strength is undoubtedly outstanding, so this time..." An old man dressed in expensive alchemist clothes also spoke slowly.

The old man is the strong man in the alchemy valley, and the pharmacist is naturally a hornet’s nest that no one dares to provoke, not to mention that the current alchemy valley has been condensed into a whole, and the pharmacist and the strong who serve the pharmacist emerge in an endless stream, so this is also determined. Pill Valley's status among the nine sects.

"Hehe, your Pill Valley is not bad. Every time a newcomer joins your Pill Valley, you can get extremely huge resources. I believe that this time, many of these little guys must be running for you." Yongya from the Palace of Heartless Love The woman also said slowly.

"Hahaha, then I'll borrow your auspicious words." The old man in Dangu also burst into laughter, obviously quite satisfied with this free choice system.

After all, everyone knows that pharmacists are the group with the most wealth and resources, and there is no other profession that can compare to them.

After all, whether it is the strong appeal of pharmacists, many strong people are called to **** them, and it is no exaggeration that pharmacists have been imbued with magical powers since ancient times. They have refined medicinal herbs with mysterious effects through specific prescriptions and medicinal materials. These two make the pharmacist's identity soar.

"The open and secret struggle between each other..." A sharp-eyed man also slowly shook his head, and then his eyes turned to Xiao Yan's position.

Now Xiao Yan and the others are still some distance away from them, and they immediately looked at them.

"Is that the champion of this point grabbing competition..."

"Although the aura is only the strength of the four-star Dou Di in the early days, the killing intent emanating from his body cannot be concealed..."

"This kid is definitely not a flower growing in a greenhouse..." The man was clearly a powerhouse in Purgatory Hall, and he nodded in satisfaction immediately.

"No matter what the price, this kid has to be pulled into our Purgatory Hall, and this kid will become a great weapon in the future!" The people in Purgatory Hall also quickly calculated in their hearts, because he often deals with evil things in the devil and ghost worlds, Naturally, he could recognize Xiao Yan's extraordinaryness at a glance.

"This boy with a heavy weight on his back, the soul power on his body is really terrifying..." The old man with the medicinal pill also slowly stared at Xiao Yan in the distance and muttered.

As we all know, soul power is related to the strength of the alchemist. After all, a powerful alchemist needs a huge soul perception, so as to control the flame, in order to refine higher-level medicinal pills, and the cultivation method of soul power There are very few high-level alchemists, so high-level pharmacists are quite rare, so after the old man of pills felt the invisible soul power in Xiao Yan's body, he nodded with satisfaction, as if Have any plans in general.

"This girl with two ponytails is quite good. If she can enter my sect, then the future sect competition will definitely be able to achieve dazzling achievements."

"Our Wanhua has been silent for so many years, so it's time to be calm." A rather beautiful woman also stared at Mu Yingying and smiled slowly, then said to herself.

"damn it…"

"They're all old foxes..." Chang Yu also scolded secretly, because he participated in the point grabbing competition, he naturally knew about the terrifying potential of Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying and Mu Feng, and was immediately accused of Xiao Yan by the people around him. Yan and several people are so ill-conceived, it is inevitable that they are a little unhappy.

"Damn boys, they actually ruined our good deeds..."

"If I find an opportunity in the future, I will definitely avenge the twin ghost emperors!" Solomon, a strong man, said fiercely in his heart, obviously resenting Xiao Yan and the others.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Next to the strong Solomon, a man wearing an expensive dragon robe also slowly appeared from the void. As soon as the man appeared, there was a terrifying wave on his body!

This one is the current emperor of the Xuanling royal family, King Xuanling!

Legend has it that he had been promoted to the ranks of the Nine-Star Dou Emperor as early as decades ago, and now his strength is even more unfathomable.

"Why is this guy here..." The old Dangu frowned, obviously not interested in this mysterious royal family, just out of courtesy, and other etiquette is still essential.

"How come King Xuanling is free to come here, I have lost a long way to welcome, and I am sorry." The old man of Pill Valley also said slowly, after all, whether it is himself or the owner of Pill Valley, seeing this King Xuanling is all about Respectfully.

"I heard that there are quite a few good faces in this point-snatching competition. This king is just free. Stop by and have a look."

"It would be quite gratifying if these newcomers joined my Xuanling royal family in good face." King Xuanling smiled slowly, and then said nothing more.

"Damn bastard, shameless!" Chang Yu said in anger.

As we all know, this Solomon and the Xuanling royal family are very close, and in recent years, the Xuanling royal family has been invited by some unknown people. Now the arrival of the Xuanling king, is undoubtedly Came here for some pretty good seedlings this time.

With the terrifying strength level of the Nine Star Dou Emperor, and some means of enticement, then Xiao Yan and the others would have followed his path!

That would really outweigh the gains, because if Xiao Yan and the others could join the Fenxiang Pavilion, their future achievements would never be lower...

Their Burning Incense Pavilion hasn't had outstanding new disciples for a long time. If things go on like this, it's hard to keep their name as a super sect.

Xiao Yan is also slowly moving towards the many strong men who are walking in the air. There are ten people who are already waiting for them. As soon as they arrive, the most outstanding fifteen people will also start to choose the sect. door!

"What a terrifying fluctuation..." Xiao Yan also appeared in the sky at the moment when the gorgeous Xuanling King appeared, even if they were far apart, even the Dou Qi in his body had some solidified changes.

"Nine Star Dou Di, it's no longer a distinction between junior high school and late middle school, it's for the ninth rank, above the ninth rank..."

"It's a fighting fairy..." The Golden Dragon King's voice also said slowly.

"However, this Xuanling King's breath is a little weird. Although it is small, it seems to have a faint smell of holy flame." The Golden Dragon King said in a voice that only he could hear.

The big map is about to be changed. The first time a newcomer writes it, it is a headache. In order to write well, there will be no more updates this month. Please vote for your support!

Recommended ticket

monthly pass

Throw it over with all your might!