Chapter Vol 4 1296: night talk

"Tsk tsk tsk..."

"This guy named Xiao Yan is too terrifying..." With the man in black directly being severely injured by Xiao Yan, he also lost a huge price to his right arm. At this time, no one dared to underestimate Xiao. inflammation.

After all, the guy who fought with him was a genuine late-stage 2-star Dou Xian powerhouse. This Xiao Yan was able to defeat the man in black with his strength in the early 2-star Dou Xian stage. Naturally, he did not rely on luck, but on strength.

"Since the competition is over, let's go back first." Xiao Yan and Duan Tianfeng looked at each other, and then said to Yu Ran Ran.

Needless to say, Xiao Yan knew that Du Tianfeng would definitely come to him at night to ask about the man in black, so it was better to leave as soon as possible.

"Yes." Yu Ran Ran's worries were relieved immediately, and she smiled slightly.

The two had a friendly conversation with Du Tianfeng, and then returned to the mountain range where they rested through the space formation.

Just after returning to the mountain range, Yu Ran Ran was separated from Xiao Yan. After all, her sister was left alone at home, she was more or less worried about being an older sister.

"The people of the Soul Clan... Since they came to this upper plane, there has been very little news about them. What kind of existence are they..." Xiao Yan thought slightly in his house, and then went quiet.

In the barren competitive mountain range, the battle between the top 100 and the top 50 lasted from morning to afternoon, and all the competitions were completed. The speed was astonishing.

The night in the Thunder Realm is always bleak.

"Gululu." A certain void in the house where Xiao Yan lived, suddenly wriggled strangely, and a crack slowly emerged. At this time, Xiao Yan sat cross-legged.

"Hehe, little guy." The next moment, a figure appeared in the wooden house quietly and smiled at Xiao Yan.

The person who came was the third master of the forging knife, Thunder Valley, who was in charge of the competition in the barren competitive mountain range.

"Mr. Forging." Seeing this, Xiao Yan seemed to have expected it, without the slightest surprise, he got up slightly.

"Not much nonsense, you should know why I came to you, right?" Duan Tianfeng asked with a smile, but invisibly, the oppression of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal made Xiao Yan's breathing quicker. stand up.

"It's because of the guy who fought with me today." Xiao Yan replied.

"good."

"The guy who fought with you today has a special identity." Duan Tianfeng said slowly.

"This guy is probably from the ghost kingdom or the soul clan of the human world... I don't know why he entered the East Continent. I'm afraid he has some plans against our East Continent." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"I don't see that your kid knows a lot." After Xiao Yan said this, Duan Tianfeng was slightly surprised.

Because the powerhouses of the ghost kingdom and the people of the soul clan in the human world are too mysterious, very few people know their information, but Xiao Yan in front of him actually knows it, which makes Du Tianfeng quite surprised.

"I've planted a flame mark in that guy's body. With his power, he won't be able to find it in a short time." Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

"So good."

"Now that he has been eliminated, he is no longer qualified to stay in the Thunder Realm. I am afraid there will be a big move."

"I hope the little brother can help us at that time." Duan Tianfeng said with a smile.

"Master Duan is joking, I am a small two-star Dou Xian early stage, but I can't help you too much. After all, according to my perception, this guy probably carries something similar to a space scroll... And he is also very Maybe just a scapegoat..."

"Samsung Fighting Immortals or even stronger ones, if I participate rashly, I'm afraid there will be no scum left." Xiao Yan said directly.

"Tsk tsk tsk, you guy, you are really timid."

"Do you know who you are talking to now?" Duan Tianfeng's expression became ugly when he heard the words, and the strength of the Four Star Fighting Immortals was undoubtedly on display.

"Puff puff!" The tyrannical sense of oppression poured out directly into the entire wooden house, making Xiao Yan like a great enemy, but Xiao Yan resisted with all his strength and did not kneel down, which made Du Tianfeng quite puzzled, after all The strength of the two of them is completely two steps apart.

"Senior, if it weren't for my help, I'm sure you would never find that guy." Xiao Yan endured the tyrannical oppression and said word by word.

"Don't worry, this time I'm going to lay a long line and catch a big fish. If you help us forge the Thunder Valley, we will naturally not treat you badly." The next moment, Duo Tianfeng directly withdrew his oppression, and said calmly.

"Today just finished the top 100 and advanced to the top 50."

"The remaining top 50 will advance to the top 25, and it will start in ten days. The ten days are for the first time to give the contestants a good rest, and the second is to lead this mysterious guy to reveal the hidden power behind him. , so as to catch everything." Duan Tianfeng said.

"Well, I will pay attention."

"Once that guy makes any move, I will notify you as soon as possible." Xiao Yan said, he also knew the importance of this matter, and he vaguely felt that this time, it would probably be a big move by the Soul Clan. .

"If that's the case, then I won't disturb your rest."

"But I have to tell you solemnly that the powerhouse involved in this battle is too powerful, far beyond what you can handle now, so don't go alone."

"You are now a fourth-grade heavenly pharmacist of the immortal rank, and your achievements in the future will definitely be limitless." Before leaving, Dian Tianfeng did not forget to instruct him.

"Junior knows." Xiao Yan promised softly, making the four-star Dou Xian strong so solemn, which is enough to show that this time, the four-star Dou Xian might be involved in this battle, and after Xiao Yan used Sheng Yan, the limit was It is only able to deal with the three-star fighting immortal in front of him. As for the four-star fighting immortal, for the current Xiao Yan, it is undoubtedly a thorny thorn.

"Gululu!" As soon as the voice fell Du Tianfeng's figure disappeared slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"There should be some unique treasure in this Thunder Valley of Forged Knives, otherwise it won't attract people from the Ghost Kingdom and the Soul Clan at the same time..." The next moment, the voice of the Soul Eater also slowly filled the air.

"Ghost kingdom and soul clan?" Xiao Yan said, slightly surprised when he heard this.

"These are two forces."

"The ghost kingdom is controlled by the ghost spirit of the ghost world, and its attack methods and behavior are different from those of the soul clan, but the soul clan's attack method is mainly soul locks, specializing in hunting souls, and their behavior is extremely low-key."

"But when I still didn't fall, I found out that these two forces seem to have a very close cooperation in secret." The Soul Eater said, his voice was full of strangeness.

The overall strength of Ghost Kingdom is naturally inferior to Soul Eater, but because they are too mysterious and low-key, even the Lord of Soul Eater knows very little.

"It seems that this time, there should be a lot of information that we want to know." Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

"Don't worry, the mere four-star Fighting Immortal, I don't even care about it... Even if it is a five-star fighting immortal, now I still have the power to fight."

"Golden Dragon King... This master promised you something, but he will not break his promise. After Xiao Yan leaves the ghost world, I will let you know that Xiao Yan taught by me is enough to shock you."

"Hehehe." The Soul Eater spoke slowly with a voice that could only be heard by himself.