Chapter Vol 2 844: 1 death

"Let's go." Xiao Yan said softly, and then Xiuqiwudu and his group walked towards the palace.

"This bitch, she's really ruthless, no wonder she came out of the Valley of Heartlessness, she's heartless." Seeing this, Feng Hong couldn't help but say something.

Obviously, if Xiao Yan hadn't acted to solve the problem of the black heart just now, I'm afraid the people who stayed here would have been beheaded by the men who suddenly turned into corpses.

At that time, in the palace, they have to deal with mysterious unknown creatures, and at the same time they have to deal with these corpse creatures whose strength has suddenly skyrocketed.

"The people in this Heartless Valley are really nothing..."

"If it weren't for Xiao Yan, I'm afraid we..." The strong man in the crowd couldn't help but said, and then cast a resentful look at Bing Shui, but Bing Shui seemed to be nothing.

"Let's go." The next moment, the seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouses among the many sects poured into the palace gate.

These powerhouses naturally include Hua Lexin, Qi Haoqing, Guni, Wang Xie, Meng Fei, Xinglong, Xiao Yan and the others, Bingshui, and several other seven-star fighting emperors.

"This palace is really weird, I always feel that something is wrong." When everyone went to the hidden gate of the purple crystal palace, Mu Feng couldn't help but speak.

"How do you say this?" Song Yue was slightly surprised when he heard the words. Although Mu Feng was not strong, he had left an indelible impression in his heart when he first cracked the mysterious iron gate gossip.

"I can't tell you the specifics, but what's inside seems to be mastered by my yin and yang technique." Mu Feng shook his head diligently.

"The technique of yin and yang is some quite mysterious exercises in the Great Thousand World. It is said that there are various mysteries among them." Feng Hong also stepped forward and said at this time.

"Maybe." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he stepped forward slightly.

"Have you found anything?" Xiao Yan glanced at Leng Fuyao behind him and asked.

"no."

"This palace is very big. It seems that entering the gate of the palace is the beginning." Leng Fuyao said.

"Humph!"

"Xiao Yan, this time we will let you go without food." It was Guni who spoke.

At this time, Guni, Wang Xie and Qi Haoqing were together, apparently reaching a certain consensus, and then said to Xiao Yan.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he ignored them.

After a while, everyone became vigilant in their hearts, and immediately came to the gate of the purple crystal palace.

"Come in!" I don't know who said something, but then these strong men were discouraged.

This mysterious palace is too mysterious, as soon as you enter it, you will die. Although the people here, except Xiao Yan and his party, are all seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouses, but at the moment of life and death, they are obviously hesitant.

"Shabu Shabu!" Seeing this, Bing Shui shook his head slightly, then opened the oil-paper umbrella directly, tapped his toes lightly, and flew away towards the hidden door.

"Does this guy know something?" Xiao Yan was extremely shocked. Adding in the question of the black heart just now, I am afraid that the people in the Valley of Heartfelt probably know something.

"Mu Feng, let's go, the others, stay here." Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and after speaking, his figure exploded and followed the ice water.

When Feng Hong, Song Yue, Guni and the other seven-star Dou Di strongmen saw this, they all looked at each other and followed directly.

They knew that this was the last stop of the ruins, and even if it was the Longtan Tiger Den, they had to make a foray.

"They'll be fine, right?" Xiu Qi couldn't help but said immediately, the reason why Xiao Yan didn't let them follow is for Yueru and the others' safety, after all, there are a lot of people here, if there aren't some powerful people Repression, I'm afraid it's easy to get into trouble.

"Don't worry, Xiao Yan's strength is tyrannical, and with Mu Feng, everything will be fine." Qin Xin saw that several people were silent, and then spoke up.

"Squeak." The group had just entered the purple crystal palace, and the hidden door was immediately closed.

The purple crystal palace is very large, it seems to have the size of a sect, and the gate of the palace, I don't know what material it is made of, anyway, even if the strength of Xiao Yan and a few people is gathered, I am afraid it will not be able to break.

"The way back is blocked." Mu Feng carefully inspected the gate of the purple crystal palace, only to find out that it was unsuccessful.

"What a mysterious space." Everyone heard the words, but they didn't show it. After all, there are still many people here, and their strength is not bad. Even if there are other changes, they will take care of them one by one.

Just entered the gate of the purple crystal palace, and suddenly a desperate darkness filled the air, and I couldn't see my fingers.

"This aura seems odd." Because Xiao Yan, as an alchemist, has stronger soul power than others, he naturally sensed some other things.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

According to Xiao Yan's perception, the space here is about several hundred meters in area, but in the darkness, Xiao Yan didn't know there was any mystery.

"Bingshui, have you found anything?" Seeing that everyone had no response, Song Yue asked immediately. At this time, it seemed that he could only pin his hopes on Bingshui.

"here……"

"It's weird."

"If you take a wrong step, you may be close to death." Bing Shui said with a decapitation.

"What the **** is this place?"

"It's not that Fairy Moon is kind-hearted, how could such a terrifying thing exist in her inheritance palace?" Someone couldn't help but say immediately.

"Hehe, I don't know how Fairy Moon fell. How can you be sure of Fairy Moon?" Gunny didn't fear the darkness here, and spoke directly.

"Pimples!" Just as several people were arguing, Xiao Yan suddenly shouted loudly.

"This guy." Bing Shui was a little surprised at Xiao Yan when he heard this.

The reason why she can know the secret here is because her master has a deep understanding of Fairy Moon Shabu Shabu! "Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and the surroundings immediately became quiet.

"Tick!" In the next breath, in the darkness, something seemed to drip down.

Immediately, the space became quiet.

"Who is it?" Song Yue frowned and asked.

"It's a strong man from another sect in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di." Feng Hong walked over and supported the strong man who was attacked.

"What was it that attacked you just now?" Song Yue also noticed what seemed to be a mysterious thing that attacked this person just now, and immediately asked.

"..." Facing Song Yue's question and answer, the only response to him was the dark and dead silence.

"Don't ask."

"This guy is dead."

"But the cause of death is different from those outside."

"This time, it was directly pierced through the heart and died."

"And we seem to have annoyed the guy here..." Xiao Yan's voice suddenly said.

"What?" Facing Xiao Yan's voice, Meng Fei also became puzzled.

"This guy's heart is gone." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he stared at a certain place in the darkness with interest, as if this mysterious creature had already been known to Xiao Yan.

On the other hand, Bing Shui was also staring at Xiao Yan faintly at this time. It seemed that this guy also knew the secret here.

today's six