Chapter 190: Something the werewolf guards!

Xiao Yan looked around this place and found that this place should be deep in the cave. In the middle of the wide cave, there are steps in all directions. Then, on the steps, a coffin slowly lay flat.

At this time, Xiao Yan was at the very edge of the secret room. Just as Xiao Yan was about to move forward to investigate the truth of the coffin, he suddenly noticed that the werewolf on the other side was moving.

The werewolf had now returned to its original wolf shape, lying flat on the ground, looking at Xiao Yan fiercely with dark green eyes.

The werewolf said in a low voice: "How can your soul power be so powerful? You are only about the power of a three-star human battle emperor. It is impossible to have such a powerful power, this is impossible!"

Xiao Yan smiled coldly and said, "You don't need to know about this anymore. Everything between you and me is over, and it ends with your death. If you can cultivate into a human form, it means that your strength is quite good. "

"Perhaps you tell me what the coffin in front of me is, and I will consider letting you go."

"Hmph, dreaming, humans are people who don't believe what they say." The werewolf also said in exasperation. Obviously, the imprint of Xiao Yan's soul in the werewolf caused a lot of damage to the werewolf. After all, this werewolf's body was also destroyed by Xiao Yan. Destroyed, and the soul power is also quite powerful to deal with this soul body.

Xiao Yan stood still, seeing that the werewolf was not cooperating at all, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand was also slowly wrapped by a different fire, and a dazzling crimson light emitted from the ruler, as if it was about to devour everything.

The werewolf on the ground shook his head weakly, his eyes were full of despair, and the wolf's mouth let out a desolate wolf howl.

The strange fire on the strange fire eternal ancient ruler automatically rotated, and then slowly descended, a scorching flame of light instantly covered the werewolf, slowly refining and swallowing it.

A faint smile appeared in Xiao Yan's eyes, and the milky white light around his body instantly emitted a dazzling light, illuminating the surrounding scene within a ten-meter radius.

Even on the dark stone walls, there was a faint milky white flame light.

At the same time that the milky-white flame on Xiao Yan's body was shining brightly, the milky-white flame energy surrounding the werewolf's head also increased.

The werewolf in the beam of light struggled non-stop. The weak soul would turn into a human shape and then return to a wolf shape again. The shrill wolf cries in his mouth kept going.

Slowly, the werewolf's body became smaller and smaller, and it seemed that it was about to be refined and become a part of nothingness.

"Damn human, even if I die, I will drag you to hell!" The werewolf also said hideously.

At this moment, a red and a dark light burst out from the werewolf's bewitching eyes, which was very strange.

Immediately, the werewolf's body suddenly faded, and the entire body instantly broke through Xiao Yan's flame energy group and disappeared out of thin air.

The next moment, two rays of light, one red and one black, appeared in the air, and a dazzling brilliance burst out instantly, breaking through Xiao Yan's flame energy group in one fell swoop, breaking through the air and escaping.

Xiao Yan's face changed slightly, and he said to himself, "Unexpectedly, the two red and black fangs are not just weapons. There are two different soul powers hidden in them. , He is the Trinity, so it is."

"Okay, today I'll see how far you can escape." After speaking, Xiao Yan held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his left hand, and with a slight gesture of his right hand, the black light in mid-air instantly blocked everything. When he retreated, he took a trace of the black ghost in the air into the palm of his hand.

Looking at the faint black gas in the palm of his hand, Xiao Yan smiled and said, "Werewolf, I can see that you are very smart, but it's a pity that I met me. I won't be deceived so easily by you. Now it's over." After speaking, a milky white light appeared in the palm of the hand, and instantly enveloped the black gas, and then the soul of the black werewolf was also blurring at a speed visible to the naked eye.

It's just that Xiao Yan didn't notice that the two fangs, one black and one white, were flying towards the coffin.

The werewolf's last trembling voice came: "Even if you die, you can't escape from here, so just die with this skyless coffin!"

"Hahaha!" Before the werewolf could finish speaking, he was swallowed by Xiao Yan's milky white flame.

Then, a small amount of power flowed into Xiao Yan's body along the palm of his hand.

"This ghost energy can actually enhance my spiritual power through the refining and devouring of my own strange fire!" When the tiny power flowed into Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan felt the mud with the "magic movement" natal inscription. At the palace pill, the volume actually swelled a bit!

Although the volume of this expansion is small, it has not escaped Xiao Yan's perception. Xiao Yan is also very happy about this. After all, although Ni Gong Wan has been opened up, the mental power is too small, which makes Xiao Yan's tyranny of the battle formation master impossible. After showing it off, it is different now. Knowing the benefits of this ghostly energy, Xiao Yan also laughed.

"This ghost is really a good thing..." Xiao Yan also licked his tongue.

According to Xiao Yan's estimation, his current mental strength is also increasing, and he has the power to fight against the Three Star Dou Di!

"Hehehe, you kid can be considered a blessing in disguise." The figure of the Golden Dragon King also appeared in this space.

"Master, hehe." Xiao Yan also smiled and looked at his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"Originally, I was worried about whether this strong ghost qi would affect you. After all, this ghost qi can corrode people's minds. Now it seems that my worries are unnecessary. You have different fire protection, and your The strange fire is very strange, it can actually refine and devour the ghost energy to enhance my spiritual power, this is something I have never heard of." The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also shook his head helplessly After all, there is no way to cultivate spiritual power, and now he can only rely on these sidelines.

"But don't be too happy too soon. The space here is completely closed, and it seems that you won't be able to get out in a short time." The Golden Dragon King also glanced around and said.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also a huge soul force that instantly emerged in all directions.

There is only one result of Xiao Yan's investigation. Then he can only enter the secret room where he is now, but there is only one way to enter!

It was the small door that Xiao Yan entered just now, but since Xiao Yan entered this secret room, this small door has also been closed. With Xiao Yan's current strength, it is still impossible to break through this small door.

The investigation was fruitless, and Xiao Yan also walked towards the secret room step by step.

There are many human bones and spider webs in the entire secret room, but surprisingly there is not even a single plant.

The secret room is very wide, but the most conspicuous is the coffin on the central steps of the secret room.

"Not good!" When Xiao Yan saw the coffin on the steps, he suddenly noticed that the two fangs in the hands of the werewolf that had been devoured by his refining were moving towards the coffin!

Those two fangs are not a werewolf, and there are also two souls in the fangs, so according to Xiao Yan's guess!

Those two fangs are very likely the key to opening this coffin!

And that werewolf is also the guardian of this coffin!

Ask for a ticket~

Happy new year to everyone~