Chapter 604: joke!

"Hehe, don't be in a hurry, this junior brother must be Xiao Yan from the Human Palace." Ye Qing suddenly laughed when she heard this.

Although Ye Qing felt that the strength of the person in front of him was a bit terrifying, in order to prevent him from slipping away, he could only speak out.

"By the way, the person you just said broke into the sky above Burning Heaven Territory is also me..."

"Then what...the power was too strong and I accidentally couldn't control it." Xiao Yan stopped and smiled at Ye Qing and the others.

"What?" Ye Qing's body was shocked when he heard the words. Of course, he knew the horror of this Burning Heaven Territory. This is something that even the top Dou Di peak fears, let alone this kid in front of him!

"Since that's the case, then this senior brother should go back with me to meet our second senior brother."

"After all, he's been managing this Burning Tianyu recently. If something like this happened, he would definitely not be able to escape the relationship." Ye Qing's mind quickly turned, and he immediately thought of it.

"Where are you going back?"

"I just came back, you want me to go somewhere else before we go back to the Human Palace?" Xiao Yan also felt that the three people in front of him were looking for something, and he immediately became tough.

"Hey, this senior brother, we are people in the Hall of Earth, so we won't do anything to you. You just need to go back and explain a thing or two with us, and we will definitely let you go back to the Hall of People." The two next to Ye Qing The disciple spoke up.

"Is that so..."

"It seems that it's really my fault to break into the Burning Heaven Territory, so what do you think?"

"You two go together, how about I go with you if you win?" Xiao Yan suddenly spoke up the next moment.

"what?"

"This junior brother, did you make a mistake?"

"The three of us go up together?"

"Isn't this just plain bullying?"

"Although our Fenxiang Pavilion doesn't clearly stipulate that we can't learn from each other, but if this is spread out, it will be ridiculed by other colleagues." Ye Qing said with great disdain.

"Then I'm leaving." Xiao Yan simply didn't bother to talk nonsense with these people, he still thought about going back to Wuzhuju to find Xiaoyi and the others, how could he waste time here.

"Don't go!" Ye Qing immediately shouted slightly when Xiao Yan insisted on leaving.

How do you say that you are also a disciple in the Hall of Earth, in terms of identity and status, he is much more powerful than the kid in the Hall of People, how could this kid be ignorant?

It seems that he needs to be taught a lesson!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Since you are Xiao Yan who is rumored to be in the hall of people, then I want to discuss with you, what do you think?" Ye Qingsi said.

"Is it enough to say no earlier?" Xiao Yan rolled his eyes for a while.

"Come on, let's fight quickly, I'll give you ten seconds." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Boy, sometimes, words can't save you. Don't provoke some enemies you can't afford for the quickness of words." Ye Qing said coldly, and couldn't help feeling a little angry.

The boy in front of him actually doesn't take their temple in his eyes?

Be sure to teach him a lesson!

"Let's wait until you can hold on for ten seconds." Xiao Yan completely ignored Ye Qing's words, and immediately took the lead without waiting for Ye Qing to move!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying fist directly forced Ye Qing's lower part to attack, making Ye Qing too late to dodge!

Just at the critical moment, Ye Qing's whole body flashed with silver vindictiveness, and then with a little toes, he immediately left the ground.

"It's not bad, the reaction is okay." Xiao Yan naturally did not use all his strength, after all, this is the Fenxiang Pavilion, and the discussions between the same sects are not enough to kill, so Xiao Yan's attacks are just messy and very random!

But Rao is like this, and it also caused a huge pressure on Ye Qing!

During the constant fights, Ye Qing could feel the power of flames faintly revealing from Xiao Yan's boy in front of him!

Although the flame was deeply hidden by Xiao Yan, Ye Qing still felt a trace of it, and Ye Qing's heart immediately shook!

"No, I can't go on like this, or I will be defeated by this kid sooner or later. If I lose, then..." Ye Qing's eyes flashed with determination, and then all the fighting qi in his body poured out, as if he was preparing some fighting skills. !

"Are you going to fight..."

"Alright, let me see if I can reach it with the holy flame fighting qi alone." Xiao Yan finished speaking, exuding a hint of khaki-yellow holy flame power, but the khaki-yellow holy flame power was blocked by Xiao Yan. Strictly suppressed, so Ye Qing naturally didn't feel it.

"Junior brother, let my brother teach you what it means to respect the teacher and respect the Tao." Ye Pin raised his hands high above his head, and a terrifying aura instantly condensed.

"It's just you?" Xiao Yan said disdainfully, and then slowly stimulated the fighting qi in his body.

"Look!"

"It's Lei Yinzhu!"

"This is a low-level fighting skill of the immortal rank. Unexpectedly, Senior Brother Ye Qing used it all. I think this disciple named Xiao Yan is not a fuel-efficient lamp."

"You can't say that. Senior Brother Ye Qing clearly wanted to end this competition as soon as possible so that Xiao Yan could go back to our palace, so he used this trick."

"Boy, let you try the taste of thunder and lightning." With a cold snort, the thunder and lightning beads in Ye Qing's hands that were terrifyingly exuding dense thunder and lightning suddenly attacked Xiao Yan!

Just after Lei Yinzhu left, Ye Qing's Dou Qi in Ye Qing's body had been adjusted to nine out of ten. Obviously, the use of this Dou skill was not small.

"It's good to come!" Xiao Yan laughed loudly, and then without hesitation, he was enveloped in the power of holy flames, and then directly collided with the oncoming Lei Yinzhu energy ball!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying sound of the explosion spread here, causing some places around to discover the movement here.

"Hey, isn't it where Ye Qing and the others went to check on the Burning Heaven Territory? Why does it seem like someone is fighting?"

"Did something happen?"

"Forget it, it's not too short of time, let's go and have a look!" After the beautiful figure finished speaking, she disappeared instantly, rushing towards where.

"Damn, you're going to die?" Ye Qing had just finished using the Lei Yinzhu, and the Dou Qi in his body was already a little insufficient, but seeing that Xiao Yan directly wrapped the Dou Qi and bumped up, Ye Qing was very anxious!

Although Fenxiang Pavilion does not prohibit open and secret fights, but once casualties occur, I am afraid Ye Qing will not be able to eat and walk around, and Ye Qing knows that the terrifying power above his Thunder Pearl kills one five Star Dou Emperor powerhouse is still more than enough!

"Damn, I can't take it back!" Ye Qing tried to take back the Lei Yinzhu that he cast, but found that he had lost contact with Lei Yinzhu.

"Damn, don't you die!"

"Xiao Yan!" Ye Qing's pupils shrank tightly at this time, because he was also afraid that Xiao Yan would suddenly be seriously injured, then Ye Qing would jump into the Yellow River and couldn't wash it.

"Senior brother, your immortal-level fighting skills are not good."

"Anything else, come a little more?" Just when Ye Qing was afraid, the two just met each other, without any strength or sound, Xiao Yan opened his mouth and gave the Lei Yinzhu to the Devour in!

"Mad, this guy must be a lunatic!" Ye Qing couldn't help scolding!

"People from the Hall of Earth, that's all, see you next time."

"Remember, our Human Palace is not a soft persimmon that anyone can handle." Xiao Yan said casually, the warning in his voice was obviously unexpected, and it was obvious that Ye Qing's attitude towards their Human Palace was invisible. Xiao Yan has already discovered some clues.

Xiao Yan also saw clearly the strength of these people. This Ye Qing's strength is in the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Di. Although it is not weak, compared with Xiao Yan, there is a huge difference. As for the two disciples who followed Ye Qing , let alone strength.

"Hold on, Your Excellency, I don't know how to explain the matter of Burning Tianyu?" Just as Xiao Yan turned to leave, a sweet voice came out slowly.

Ask for tickets!