Chapter Vol 4 1517: Defeated Souls!

"Success?" Seeing the strange imprisoning force around the solemn hall slowly disappearing, there was a burst of fiery heat on the face of the soul!

Whether he can crack the Gate of Dawn Light is the most important part of his plan, but with the power given by some supreme beings in him, he has finally cracked this tyrannical formation.

"Hahaha!"

"Success!"

"My subordinate Earth Poison Temple... Welcome to my queen!" Suddenly, in this space, countless heaven and earth energies became quiet in an instant, and even the breathing of the two of them became dignified, because there was no seal of the morning light gate. , Above the hall, an extremely evil figure slowly emerged.

"Squeak!" Suddenly, in the hall, a red-clothed figure stepped out slowly with graceful steps, and every step, unexpectedly, caused the energy in this space to tremble.

This beautiful woman looks weak, but on top of that delicate body, there is a touch of evil fluctuations that make the world fear, and the turquoise light slowly haunts her, which looks extremely terrifying!

"Earth Poison Temple, and the guys in Soul Hall, you've worked hard." The Poison Temple Demon Empress who just emerged, glanced at the two of them with her beautiful eyes, and immediately said in a very indifferent tone, as if she knew the soul for a long time. Sin can break the seal and release himself.

"My queen, Tiandusha has fallen, this Demon Suppression Prison is not a place to stay for a long time, we should leave here as soon as possible..." Seeing this, Didusha was overjoyed, and immediately said, after all, they are weak, and here they are again. It is deep inside Tianming Villa. If they are discovered by the strong inside Tianming Villa, I am afraid that the two of them are also in danger.

"No hurry... There are still some things that need to be settled with the strong people of Tianming Villa." The Poisonous Demon Empress's beautiful eyes flickered, and she opened her mouth slightly like an ordinary woman, but the dazzling killing intent under her voice was nonetheless. Anyone can see it.

"Respected Poison Demon Empress, in the name of the Supreme Being of our Soul Palace, I have come to help you get out of trouble, but as a price, I would like to borrow something from your lord." At that instant, the soul evil face slowly spoke with a solemn expression, although he said it was I was ordered, but it was still a big problem whether the Demon Empress of Poison Brahma would agree.

Even if the Poison Temple Demon Empress in front of her is like a human woman, with delicate facial features and a delicate body, she has been sealed for many years, but she does not dare to underestimate her. Obviously, the strength of this guy, at the level of a six-star fighting immortal, can be easily Squeeze yourself to death.

"What do you want to borrow from me, tell me."

"This empress is not a ruthless and unrighteous person, just to repay your kindness for helping me break the seal this time. After all, some old guys in the Soul Palace and I are also old friends." After a while, the strange beauty of the Poison Temple Demon Empress A deadly turquoise light flashed in his eyes, and then he stared at the soul and smiled.

"Weng Om Om!" Being stared at by the Demon Empress of Poison Sha, the Dou Qi in the soul instantly solidified, and even a fear from the depths of the soul filled the air.

"I want to use the 'evil tool' of the adult." The figure of the ghostly trembling trembled, but still said it.

"Bold!"

"Is the evil tool also something that you humans can touch?" Listening to the voice of the soul, the originally calm Di Dusha suddenly roared.

'Evil Gear', as the name suggests, is a weapon with great power. The reason why the 'Emperor' level powerhouses in the foreign evil clan can make the powerhouses in the world fear is precisely because they have the 'Evil Gear' in their hands. exist.

There are many kinds of 'evil tools', and each of them has great power. An emperor-level powerhouse with 'evil tools' has the lowest strength and is comparable to the human six-star fighting immortal. In the case of one-on-one, only very few Humanity and its confrontation.

"Evil equipment..."

"It seems that those old guys in your Soul Palace don't give up." The Demon Empress Dusha heard the words, but a playful arc was drawn on her pretty face.

"If you want it, just come and get it." After a short while, the corners of the Poison Demon Empress's mouth wriggled, disapprovingly.

"Sir, I'm offended!" After the ghost finished speaking, the dark ghost energy on his body was directly replaced by a blood-colored aura, and on top of this blood-colored aura, there was actually a terrifying power that was not lost to the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple. extremely weak.

"The breath of the deputy hall master of the Soul Palace..."

"It seems that your soul hall hates our foreign evil clan very much..." Looking at the extremely bright blood-colored aura on the soul of the ghost, the Poison Temple Demon Empress smiled slowly, but the smile was extremely coquettish, like a foodie. Human demons.

"It's too weak. If you, the deputy hall master of the Soul Palace, are here, you can still fight me, but it's a pity that a **** was sent here to die..." After a while, before the attack in the hands of the soul evil was brewing, the poison suddenly stopped. The Demon Empress' delicate palm slowly lifted, and then she gently grabbed the void where the soul was located.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Soul Evil was immediately shocked, because at this time, a majestic force that he could not resist suddenly came, and even under the invasion of this force, Soul Evil's whole body was strangely aura. become chaotic.

"It's over." The Demon Empress Poisonous Bracer slowly raised her jade hand, and then squeezed it suddenly, the space around the soul suddenly shrank, and the terrifying pressure caused the soul to collapse rapidly. New Bayi Chinese website debut https://https://

"But... Damn!" Seeing this, Hunxie knew immediately that this time, the plan would probably only end in failure. After all, he had just broken the power of the seal, but he reserved it to deal with the Poisonous Demon Empress. It is different from having fallen into a situation where the lamp has run out of oil.

"Bang bang bang!" The Demon Empress of Poison Brahma did not easily wipe out the ghosts, but after torturing her palms were raised, and the ghosts with turbulent breath like a dead dog were moved towards Throw away.

"Didusha, let's go."

"This day, Ming Mountain Villa has imprisoned me for so many years, and it's time to charge some interest... Besides, there seem to be a few interesting little guys outside my hall, which made me smell some familiar aura." The Demon Empress of Poison Temple said. After that, the strange pupils wrapped in turquoise slowly flickered, and then the two slowly stepped through the void and moved towards the outside world.

"Bang bang bang!"

"What is that?" As for the Qiankun Ancient Array, the powerhouses from the four continents were still fighting with the Soul Hall powerhouses, but at this time, the Soul Hall powerhouses had already been defeated, and immediately everyone saw that from the Qiankun Ancient Formation. The souls that flew out like a dead dog in the middle couldn't help but look at each other in dismay.

"That is……"

"Soul evil?"

"How could he?" Duo Qifei and Liu Qing also found out about this guy's situation and couldn't help but say.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hoohoo!"

"The Demon Empress of Poison Temple...has the seal finally broken?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan stopped the offensive in his hands, then stood up straight, his eyes slowly fixed on the embarrassed figure. From the figure, Xiao Yan stood up straight. Yan clearly smelled some obscure fluctuations, those fluctuations, like a man-eating demon.

Immediately, he looked at the inside of the Qiankun Ancient Array, where there seemed to be an evil aura that was like an awakened giant dragon, slowly walking out.

"The Demon Empress of Poison Temple... I'm finally willing to come out." But unlike Xiao Yan's shock, the Soul Eater Lord laughed fiery at this time, and there was an extremely terrifying wave in his voice. , Just like a six-star fighting immortal who is as strong as the Poisonous Demon Empress, in his own hands, he is also like a weak woman who has no power to tie a chicken!