Chapter 593: The Spirit of Holy Flame who changes his face faster than flipping a book!

"Are you all right?" Long Yi hurriedly asked when Xiao Yan opened his eyes.

"Haha, Elder Long, I'm fine." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"There seems to be something in your body?" The understated voice gave Long Yi a shock.

"It's just a fusion of holy flame, and it controls a different dimension." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"what?"

"Have you mastered a different dimension?" Long Yi opened his eyes wide with an unbelievable look!

The so-called different space is a space that is used alone, and there are many terrifying places in this space.

Moreover, there is a saying that is often circulated in the thousands of worlds!

Different space is the prototype of the realm!

The powerhouses who own the realm basically have the strength of fighting immortals. As for the powerhouses with different dimensions, the number is too rare!

According to Long Yi's knowledge, the powerhouses with different dimensions have at least the strength to reach the peak of Dou Di!

Because of having a different dimension, once you fight, you will drag the enemy into the different dimension that you control. With the increase of one and the other, the effect of the domain is exactly the same!

"Hey, boy, don't think that Xiao Mu is your ancestor and then be unscrupulous. If you direct this emperor to do something that violates morality, this emperor will be the first to blow himself up!" On Xinyan's delicate face, a trace emerged. Doubt means.

"Oh, it's natural."

"This time, it is thanks to the ancestor Xiao Mu that I devoured the holy flame. Otherwise, it would have been quite a burden for me!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, and suddenly stared at Xinyan and laughed!

"Hey, hey, I'm warning you, what are you doing?" Xinyan was still a young man after all, and being stared at by Xiao Yan so maliciously, she felt a little chill in her heart, and a bad feeling arose.

"In my body now, I already have twenty-three kinds of different fires and the power of your holy flame. Why is the burning decision in my body still not satisfied, and I feel faintly uneasy?" Xiao Yan checked his body doubtfully.

"Feng Jue?" As if hearing something fatally attractive, a frenzy suddenly appeared on Xinyan's face!

"En?" Seeing the sudden appearance of Xinyan, Xiao Yan felt bad in his heart!

Fen Jue should not have been mentioned just now. After all, this thing holds a pivotal position in both Dou Qi Continent and Dou Di Continent!

"Boy!"

"What are you talking about is the magical technique that evolves by swallowing flames, Fen Jue?" In Xinyan's eyes, a flash of enthusiasm flashed, staring at Xiao Yan.

"I'll just say how could you have so many disorganized flames on your body at the same time. If it were an ordinary person, I'm afraid you'd be directly exploded and killed!"

"It really is the reason of Fen Jue!" Xin Yan was quite excited and hugged Xiao Yan's arm directly!

"What are you doing!" Xiao Yan was a little sluggish at the sudden scene of Xinyan, and immediately shouted angrily!

"Don't worry, Master, first look at what level the Fen Jue in your body is now." Xinyan smiled slowly at Xiao Yan, but her eyes were turning quickly, as if thinking about something.

"What exactly is this Holy Flame Spirit doing?"

"It's faster to change your face than to turn a book. You just had a high-level attitude. How could you become like this when you heard Fen Jue..."

"Forget it, let's take a look at Fen Jue first. After all, just after swallowing and refining the holy flame, although the power of the holy flame was integrated into Fen Jue, it only has a skyrocketing strength. As for how far this Fen Jue has reached. , I'm really looking forward to it." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he was instantly at peace, his eyes were closed, and he went to the place where Fen Jue was in the deepest part of his body!

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Xiao Yan controlled his mind and entered his mind, trying to probe the Fen Jue, an ancient aura suddenly spread out from Xiao Yan's body!

That breath, the most powerful and ancient, the supreme in the world alone.

"This breath, it really is Fen Jue!"

"Since this is the case, then I will take a gamble and help this kid with all my heart. As for the other holy flames, I will plunder your power sooner or later..."

"By that time, the top ten guys on the Sacred Flame List will also..." Xinyan said calmly.

"Senior Immortal Rank!" Xiao Yan briefly probed for a few minutes, then was overjoyed!

Although the power contained in this holy flame is extremely terrifying, Xiao Yan's strength has skyrocketed to the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. As for the cultivation technique, even if it is to break through the middle stage of the Immortal Rank, it is very good. Immortal rank advanced, this is far beyond Xiao Yan's imagination.

"Fen Jue is divided into six realms. The current Fen Jue, I am afraid, has already stepped into the first realm!"

"Burn the foundation!" Xiao Yan said to himself.

Xiao Yan had felt before that the Burning Jue in his body, although the potential was extremely terrifying, only recorded Dou Di's previous cultivation, and as for Dou Di's cultivation, there was no mention of it.

However, when he first came to Dou Di Continent, he happened to save the Golden Dragon King, thus perfecting his own Burning Jue!

Ever since he perfected the Fen Jue, Xiao Yan's Fen Jue has always been at the low level of the immortal rank. Every time he fights with the enemy, his fighting spirit is far less powerful than the enemy!

But now Xiao Yan is a little more confident, just this advanced immortal rank exercise is not weaker than some immortal rank peak exercises, and it may even be more powerful than the holy rank!

If Xiao Yan's low-level immortal-level exercises before could allow Xiao Yan to use the Lotus of Destruction once, now the high-level immortal-level exercises are enough to support Xiao Yan using it three times!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This is the benefit brought by the exercises!

"Okay, master."

"This Fen Jue, as far as I know, is not comparable to any immortal rank and holy rank, because it seems to have only a few realms, and the only thing needed to step into each realm is holy flame."

"So Master, for your peak, you can only devour the holy flame constantly."

"And among all our holy flames, there are some open and secret struggles just like humans."

"Even if it's me, I would like to draw their source power from the top-ranked holy flames, so as to strengthen myself."

"So master..." Xinyan looked at Xiao Yan with fiery eyes, the meaning of what she said was obvious.

"Is this the reason why you surrendered to me?" Xiao Yan turned around and smiled at Xinyan.

"I will assist you wholeheartedly, but as a price, when you are devouring the holy flame, you must give me some other holy flame power!" Xinyan said quite hotly hehe , I didn't expect you to have such courage! "

"Then hand over the control of your holy flame space." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

Just now in the holy flame space, no matter how hard Xiao Yan tried, he could never control the holy flame space, as if there was something blocking Xiao Yan.

"Take it!" Xinyan also knew how mysterious Xiao Yan's cultivation technique was, and immediately bit his teeth, a burst of flames poured into Xiao Yan's mind!

With the influx of this flame, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that the exclusion of himself from the Holy Flame Space had completely disappeared!

"Xinyan, what I promised you will naturally be fulfilled in the future!" Xiao Yan smiled heartily!

"Burning Jue..."

"Back then, that guy Xiao Mu didn't practice the best exercises in the world, and he devoured two holy flames abruptly. This kid who practices Fen Jue will probably surpass him in future achievements."

"I'm really looking forward to it!" After Xinyan finished speaking, she seemed to have made a decision, and her attitude towards Xiao Yan became quite friendly!

It's just that none of the three of them noticed that in an inconspicuous corner at the bottom of the void, a drop of blood was slowly lurking, and an extremely evil eye appeared.

"It's actually Huoxin Tianyan. The power of a clone should be enough to destroy it."

After the bleak voice finished speaking, some evil aura suddenly emerged!

That aura seemed to be exactly the same as the previous Gorefiend Left Guard, even more powerful!

Ask for tickets!