Chapter Vol 4 2141: Pride of Blake!

Feeling the increasingly bright divine aura in front of him, the demon of light has closed his eyes, waiting for death.

The suffocation made her temporarily forget to breathe.

Despair haunts my mind, and I don't have time to think about other things.

The bottom of my heart collapsed completely, and I didn't do any resistance. I could only be like a prisoner, quietly waiting for death.

"Crack!"

The incomparably dazzling attack was about to destroy the demon of light, but it was torn apart instantly by a black shadow.

"Xiao Yan, you shouldn't be here."

The demon of light, Liu Yun, was already ready to fall, but after she breathed, she saw the black figure in front of him, with the strength of one person, forcibly shattered and tore apart all the sacred filaments, and couldn't help speaking.

But she knew that taking this simple attack seemed to be easy, but in fact it had drawn too much power from Xiao Yan.

"I promised him."

"Even if it's broken to pieces."

The devilish light in Xiao Yan's eyes was completely surging, and endless anger swept out. On the body, blood spilled from the skin, and the seemingly simple blow just now really mobilized too much power from Xiao Yan.

His voice was full of shock, and it was easily transmitted throughout the Holy City, completely igniting the war in countless people's hearts!

On Xiao Yan's body at this time, the power of the devil was about to move, but the amber fire of the holy flame swept out, and the existence of the holy flame's Kaiyi, the power of the dragon **** transformation, made Xiao Yan reluctantly cast Blake at will The power of the Holy Punishment that came out shattered.

"No no no."

"You don't know Black's strength at all."

"move."

Hearing Xiao Yan's decisive voice, an extremely ugly look appeared on the Demon of Light's cheeks.

As early as when he was young, the strength of the three red-clothed archbishops was unfathomable, and now in the past thousand years, their strength has reached an extremely mysterious level.

Blake is the leader of the three red-clothed archbishops, and even Liu Yun doesn't know how powerful he has reached.

But Liu Yun knew that even the powerhouses in the entire Doudi Continent could not cope with Blake alone.

Because this is the power of reincarnation.

Reincarnation... For the Great Thousand World, it is a strategic force.

And Black's power is likely to have reached several reincarnations, which is definitely not comparable to those of the elders of the ancient races!

"Very good, very good."

"You are the first guy who dares to openly confront my Holy See."

"You have provoked the divine might of the Holy See several times, but this time, let's stay here forever."

Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Blake and the priest behind him did not move, but Blake spoke first, his voice was extremely flat, and there was a vague sense of pride and confidence.

"Why do you give me so many hats?"

"Today's battle has long since been resolved."

"Let's do it."

Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and the monstrous fighting spirit swept out. Today, he does not use the power of the devil, which is enough to deal with the strong who touch the reincarnation. The power of the devil is a killer, and he will not use it easily.

What's more important is that Xiao Yan's Devil's Cube has been exhausted, and if he uses the power of the devil, he may face backlash.

"I didn't want to use you for a knife, but you brought it on yourself!"

"Angel's brilliance!"

The Buddha moved his hands, the void above the holy city 10,000 meters squirmed away, and a dawn beam fell from the sky and blasted towards Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan only felt that the blood in his body instantly solidified, and a chill appeared uncontrollably, and the depression of death swept over.

Before the attack fell, the entire holy city sky became violently distorted, the light flickered, and the violent holy fluctuations were enough to destroy everything!

"Weng Om!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yan saw almost all the holy flames in his body squirming at the same time, and the monstrous holy flames swept out. The viscous and dense level was like a sea of ​​flames, with Xiao Yan as the center, it was completely brewed!

Immediately, the energy of heaven and earth in the entire holy city was suddenly burned, and a faint burst of sound emerged.

With the current strength of the eight-star fighting immortals in the middle stage, and the power of the Amber Rock Soul Fire, the power cannot be underestimated!

Just as Xiao Yan was about to start, a black shadow flashed by, and immediately a huge shield appeared in front of Xiao Yan, blocking this devastating blow for Xiao Yan.

On the shield, there are looming mysterious lines, which are extremely dazzling, and there is a touch of terrifying fluctuations on it!

"Clang clang clang!"

The two attacked and contacted, and a crisp and piercing sound broke out. The dazzling light of light collapsed directly after touching the shield. Even if it cracked directly after a while, it did not damage any corner of the shield!

"This is... the Infinite Shield?"

Xiao Yan Dingqing took a look and found that there was a hint of gold in the shield, exuding an ancient aura that never fell.

Most importantly, Black's terrifying attack, directly under his defense, disappeared cleanly.

"Soul Tianhao?"

"Can you do the opposite?"

Seeing this scene, Blake turned his head and said to the gloomy man beside Xiao Yan.

"Hey, Blake, your Holy See has been doing bad things for thousands of years, and this time I'm afraid you're about to die."

Soul Tianhao controlled the Infinite Shield in the semi-finished state with his palm, stood in front of Xiao Yan, and smiled at him.

"And I."

"Me too."

Following Hun Tianhao's shot, many strong men sitting cross-legged on the altar of the holy city stood up and lifted off together, forming a majestic and terrifying scene, and said in unison.

"Soul clan, ancient clan... ancient clan."

"Xiyue Sect, Vientiane Pavilion... Super Sect."

"Good good!"

Watching this scene, Blake's body slowly trembled, his voice became hoarse, and an extreme anger swept across his chest.

"Bishop."

At the same time, in the holy city below, countless pious servants flashed a wave of death in their eyes and muttered on the ground. They raised their heads and looked at this scene in the sky, and they looked extremely angry.

The Holy City is the most sacred place in their hearts, and it is definitely not easy for outsiders to invade!

"let's start!"

Seeing this scene, Blake actually turned from anger to joy, his voice was full of fiery, and he immediately said to the priestess beside him.

"Enter the city, holy war!"

"Holy War!!"

"Holy War!!!"

Priestess Yuri's aura became extremely sharp, and she shouted.

"Shabu Shabu!"

As soon as the voice fell, countless well-trained guards of the Holy See with good strength emerged one after another from the foot of the holy mountain and the holy city, advancing together, and surrounding here in an orderly manner!

The crowds of people are like pillars of light, they are rushing here, and the momentum is huge!

What's more, among these guys, there are many strong people with the strength of eight-star fighting immortals leading the team. That kind of scene is very spectacular.

"Looks like you're ready."

Gu Yuan watched this scene, and immediately stepped out, standing in front of everyone.

He is the strongest here, and this step must be ignited by himself.

"Perhaps... But after today, the pattern of Dou Di Continent will really change."

"Doudi Continent, which has been quiet for so many years, should usher in some changes."

Blake laughed.

At this moment, the endless brilliance behind Black slowly gathered, and suddenly began to roll violently under the gaze of countless people, and a terrifying coercion gradually swept away with his body as the center.

That kind of power is the power of angels, sacred and inviolable, and like reincarnation, unmatched!

And on his face, a frantic smile also appeared.

The smile is not only a ruthless ridicule for these guys, but also an absolute confidence in his own strength!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: