Chapter 623: most poisonous father

"Boom boom boom!" Just when Xiao Yan hesitated, a terrifying wave suddenly erupted in the space of dozens of meters around him. Xiao Yan looked up and saw that it was a fist-sized thunderbolt!

"His grandma's!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly got up and swept away!

Because even with Xiao Yan's current strength in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, when he sensed the power of lightning for the first time, he couldn't help but feel nervous.

"Gulugulu!" As for Mu Yingying below, the water in the pool was still turbid, but in front of her body, a mass of yellow energy slowly brewed out.

"It's still a little bit..." Mu Yingying naturally sensed the purity of the power in the Xuanling Emperor Pond in front of her, but at this time, there was still some power left in Mu Yingying's body, so she opened her mouth.

"Boom boom boom!" The thunder and lightning in the sky just appeared for a moment, and disappeared instantly, as if it had never appeared.

"What is this lightning doing?" Xiao Yan slowly came to Mu Yingying's side, then looked at the lightning that suddenly disappeared in the sky, and murmured a few words in a low voice.

"No... This is!" Just when Xiao Yan thought that the lightning in the sky had disappeared, his heart could not help numb, because at this moment, Xiao Yan felt that the sky had been surrounded by his dense formation. In the space of the package, it shook violently!

A group of thunderclouds with the power to destroy the sky and the earth quietly emerged.

"Damn it, this thunder cloud..." Xiao Yan cursed secretly, then cast a glance at Mu Yingying, who was still trying to condense the yellow liquid, and her eyes flashed a little dignified.

"No, I can't let this thunder cloud break through this dense formation, otherwise such a big movement will most likely attract other powerhouses in Fenxiang Pavilion, although they have no malicious intentions, but with Mu Yingying's arrogance and her unpredictable nature The background..." Xiao Yan shook his head.

The next moment, Xiao Yan sat cross-legged directly, and then the core inscription of the divine movement in his body kept spinning at high speed!

"It's not enough!" A loud roar suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth, and immediately within Xiao Yan's body, wisps of yellow strange power continued to flicker out, facing the dense formation in all directions!

The power transformed by the yellow core inscription had just hit the dense formation, and the dense formation that enveloped the basin space slowly stopped shaking and slowly stabilized.

"Six thousand three hundred core inscriptions..."

"Six thousand six hundred core inscriptions..." Finally, when Xiao Yan was sweating profusely, the dense formation finally stabilized and stopped shaking!

The thunderclouds above the sky also slowly exuded terrifying fluctuations, and then they stopped fighting against Xiao Yan's dense formation. The area of ​​the thunderclouds continued to expand, as if an extremely terrifying blow was brewing.

"What the **** is Mu Yingying doing?" Xiao Yan glanced at Mu Yingying in surprise, and found that she was still in the pool without any movement.

The thunder cloud in the sky is also expanding, Xiao Yan, the alchemist, can't help but look solemn when he sees the thunder cloud like a family.

The two of them were in the basin, and before they knew it, a day passed in the blink of an eye, and a lot of things happened outside the Burning Incense Pavilion.

After the end of the individual competition, many disciples chose to retreat, firstly to appreciate the experience of this individual competition, and secondly, to cultivate hard to break through a realm so as to cope with the next team competition.

And it was only two days before the team competition started, and many people in the Fenxiang Pavilion also started to get busy.

"Old Zhu, this is not fair."

"That little Yi in your Human Palace, in my opinion, his strength is probably no less than that of some elders. If he is allowed to participate in the team competition, it will undoubtedly be unfair to our Fenxiang Pavilion." Inside the old Zhu's room, A middle-aged man smiled slowly.

"Haha, what kind of wind is blowing over your temple master today?" Elder Zhu said with a slow smile.

"It's not because of Xuan'er, I heard that she suffered a lot in the hands of Xiao Yan in your Human Palace." The man Zhu Lao called the Lord of the Earth Palace was the father of the little witch!

The Lord of the Earth Palace, Reimu Sheng!

A genuine Nine-Star Dou Emperor, as for how many times the Nine-Star Dou Emperor turns, it is unknown.

"Your little witch has been arrogant and domineering for so long, there should be someone to take care of her." Elder Zhu smiled slowly.

"It's all her mother's fault for leaving early. I dote on this child too much..." Reimu Sheng laughed at himself.

"I can't blame you for this, after all, it was the Xuanling royal family..." Elder Zhu suddenly said solemnly.

"The Xuanling Royal Family, I, Lingmengsheng, are incompatible with them... After this sect competition, I will resign as the Palace Master."

"I'll give them back all the things that the Xuanling royal family took from me." Ling Mengsheng said suddenly, his voice distorted.

"Okay, let's put aside the grievances between you and the Xuanling royal family. As long as you are a member of my Burning Incense Pavilion, no one will dare to touch you!" Zhu Lao also said slowly, for this Lingmengsheng, even Zhu Lao , also quite distressing.

"Forget it, let's not talk about it, it's just that little Yi here today..."

"He should be a unique fire elf." Ling Mengsheng laughed.

"Yep."

"Then if Xiao Yi doesn't participate, there will only be four people in our Human Palace this time, and four people can't constitute the standard to participate in the competition." Zhu Lao smiled in surprise, obviously Zhu Lao knew this Lingmengsheng's thoughts a long time ago.

"I expected you to say something like this..."

"Old Zhu, have you forgotten Lingxuan?"

"This Zhao has been arrogant and domineering for so many years, this time, let her suffer a little." Ling Mengsheng laughed.

"The people from the Earth Palace and the people from our Human Palace form a team?" Elder Zhu wondered.

This kind of thing is not impossible to do, but very few people do it. After all, the people in the Hall of Earth are stronger than the Hall of People all day long.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Don't worry I will settle the rest for you." Reimu Sheng also laughed.

"You bastard, you really started to attack your own daughter." When Old Zhu heard the words, he immediately said with a smile.

"There's no way, this girl has been so spoiled all her life, I have to avenge her mother, so she has to learn to be independent..." Ling Mengsheng said earnestly.

"Go back, I will handle this matter." Elder Zhu said slowly.

"Okay." Ling Mengsheng responded, and immediately disappeared.

"There must be a battle between this Lingmengsheng and the Xuanling royal family..."

"Saving Yanchi..."

"The entrance to the ghost world is coupled with the team competition, so it's a big trouble." Old Zhu said to himself, then rubbed his forehead.

"Is it still good?"

"The density of this thundercloud has surpassed that of the pills that I used to condense the medicinal pills..." Xiao Yan stared at the thundercloud in the sky with a density of more than ten meters in diameter. emerged in.

"Shabu Shabu!" Just when Xiao Yan exclaimed, Mu Yingying who was still in the water immediately stood up, and the dazzling and pure yellow light in front of her was instantly condensed into ten drops of liquid that shook the world. !

"Next, let me see how terrifying this Dou Di robbery is." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she looked directly at the sky, and a will of the strongest in the world suddenly emerged!

Ask for tickets!