Chapter Vol 4 1146: Consequences of underestimating the enemy

"Boy, tell the secrets about you, I can consider letting you live!" The man in black temporarily stopped the offensive in his hand and shouted at Xiao Yan.

Although the man in black worked for the Yu family, he knew too little about the Qing family and some other powerful people, so he naturally didn't know the Qing paper in front of him, otherwise he wouldn't waste so much talk and directly capture him Sending it back to the Yu family is a great achievement.

In the short fight just now, Xiao Yan's power of fighting immortals with the fire attribute gave him the coercion, but it did not fall into the power of the fire attribute of the two-star fighting immortal level in their Yu family, which made the man in black. Greed up.

After all, if you don’t have the best talents and resources, it is extremely difficult to improve your fighting power, and the improvement of fire attributes can greatly improve its combat effectiveness. , is undoubtedly too precious.

"Stop talking nonsense!" Since this place was already covered by the enchantment scroll, Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't waste time with the man in black.

According to Xiao Yan's estimation, although he is only in the early stage of One-Star Dou Xian, with the power of Fen Jue and Shengyan, it may be difficult to kill a late-stage One-Star Dou Xian, but who makes this guy a fire Attributes!

If it was replaced by the power of fighting immortals with other attributes, Xiao Yan still had no certainty of winning, but if it was the power of fighting immortals with the same fire attribute, Xiao Yan's odds of winning would increase a lot.

Because in terms of fire attributes, I am afraid that no one can compare to Xiao Yan, not to mention the strange fires that used to be on the Dou Qi Continent, the current Sheng Yan alone is enough to increase their own strength.

"When I capture you, I will naturally press you." The man in black seemed to disapprove of Xiao Yan's smile, and the man in black did not know where Xiao Yan's courage came from, whether he dared to rely on the strength of the one-star Dou Xian early stage. , to provoke himself in the late stage of One Star Fighting Immortal.

"I don't know who gave you the courage to try to challenge me with the strength in the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortal..."

"But I'm in a hurry, the game will end here." A trace of impatience appeared on the corner of the man in black, and then he was enveloped in the power of a fiery red fighting immortal, like a flaming lion.

"Is this a plan to make a quick decision?"

"However, that's exactly what I mean!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan also wrapped his body with the power of the fire attribute Fighting Immortal, and immediately launched an attack on the man in black.

However, although the two of them have the same fire attribute, Qing Wen can see that it seems that the power of the man in black in the late stage of the one-star Dou Xian is actually not as strong as the power of Xiao Yan in the early stage of the one-star Dou Xian.

"Boom boom boom!" The two just fought, fists and feet were intertwined, and the sparks that collided faintly were enough to obliterate a powerhouse at the peak of Dou Di!

"Bang Bang Bang!" After a few minutes of close combat, they still didn't have any chance of winning. Both of them took a step back.

"This guy is very strong." The man in black gave Xiao Yan a very high evaluation just for a short fight.

He has worked for the Yu family for many years and has killed many geniuses, but this is the first time he has faced a monster of Xiao Yan's level.

"Boy, today, you must die!"

"Fire attribute fighting skills!"

"The lion's roar!" The next moment, the aura of the man in black soared to the extreme, and the circles of fiery red fighting immortal power, like ripples in the water, directly took his body as the center and spread in the enchantment. Come on.

"Shabu-shabu!" The terrifying sound waves accompanied by the deadly fire-attribute power of Fighting Immortals rendered the entire barrier into a sea of ​​fire, which was quite strange.

"A sonic attack..." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly.

However, Xiao Yan was a little surprised. A normal sonic attack could not cause any harm to himself. How could this guy's sonic attack vaguely make him feel uneasy?

"Brother Xiao, this is a sonic attack blessed by the power of the fire-attribute Fighting Immortal. The power is much more tyrannical than a normal sonic attack. Be careful!" Qing Wenwen felt the huge sonic attack and immediately shouted.

"Since it's a sonic attack, then I'll use a soul attack to end you." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing as he looked at the mouth of the man in black who was fighting more and more.

Because the man in black still didn't use his full strength, he didn't seem to care about Xiao Yan, but it was this contempt that set him up for defeat.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boy, let's see if you will die now!" After the man in black launched the sonic attack, he laughed viciously, his voice extremely crazy.

Because the fire attribute sonic attack of the man in black, otherwise it is a simple sonic attack, but compresses the fire attribute fighting immortal power in his body into a sonic wave, so as to hurt people invisible, it is an extremely ingenious fight. skills.

"You're underestimating me too much." Xiao Yan smiled, then closed his eyes slightly, and the soul power in his body was vented like spring water.

"This is... soul power?" Feeling that Xiao Yan did not make any defenses, and directly summoned the huge soul power, the man in black couldn't help but look unsightly!

Soul power has always been the biggest trouble for them to cultivate Dou Qi, and except for alchemists and some talented people who can continuously cultivate soul power, for ordinary people, soul power is their biggest weakness!

"This guy's soul power is so strong..."

"Could this be an alchemist?" And Qing Wen couldn't help roaring when he saw Xiao Yan's enormous soul power.

"damn it!"

"When did the Qing family have such a monster?"

"No, this matter must be reported to the Patriarch as soon as possible, otherwise once this guy grows up, I am afraid it will be a disaster for our Yu family." The man in black turned his eyes quickly and thought.

However, when the man in black was thinking, the sonic attack, which was transformed from the fire attribute, turned into a trace of ethereal gas when it touched Xiao Yan's side, and disappeared, and Xiao Yan's body contained an indescribable energy. Horror fluctuations are also born slowly.

"Soul strength is my shortcoming. If I continue to fight like this, I'm afraid I will be carried in the hands of this kid, so I can only retreat first." Black air emerged, obviously preparing to retreat.

"I just want to leave now..."

"late!"

"You Mingtian is stunned!"

"Fall for me!" When the man in black just made a move, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, and a very special crisp cry slowly sounded in the enchantment!

And with the crisp tweet, it was a soul attack that the man in black couldn't resist!

"It's not good..." The black qi on the man in black was obviously created by preparing to escape, but it was instantly wiped out under Xiao Yan's terrifying offensive, and the man in black felt the attack of the soul that destroyed everything. The soul seems to be in the cold place of ten thousand years, shuddering, and a touch of fear fills my heart!