Chapter Vol 4 1604: Exchange souls?

Lingyuan City, the apex above the monstrous river, is a paradise above Linghe City. The entrance to this place is mysterious. The whole is like a fairyland on earth, with misty mist and dense bamboo forests. The spring water flows straight down, forming a magnificent scenery. It is beautiful, and the energy of heaven and earth is extremely abundant. It is a veritable holy place for cultivation, and being able to live here undoubtedly proves the dignity of its identity.

"This is..." The void was squirming, and Xiao Yan and Di Lao's bodies suddenly came here, but Xiao Yan found that even with Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul power, he could not easily explore this paradise. Even the demeanor of the old earth has changed from sleepy eyes at the beginning to the spirit of today.

"Here is the residence of the dean, the Lingyuan, which is the place where the dean of the spiritual academy was given to us by the master of the soul. When you see the dean, you should show some respect. After all, the dean seems to be very respectful. You have some meaning, I hope you will not let your future down." The old man said meaningfully, and he respected the so-called head of the spiritual academy in his words.

"Okay." Xiao Yan looked at the old man like this, and nodded immediately, but he was still very curious about the head of the Spiritual Academy.

"Lord Dean." After a while, the old voice softened, and he slowly called out to the depths of the misty bamboo forest inside the Lingyuan.

"Weng buzzing!" Di Lao's voice just spread, and suddenly a sound wave like ripples emerged slowly.

"Old Di...Come in." After Shun breathed, there was a burst of laughter from the misty bamboo forest, and the sound was filled with lightness, but this sound actually caused Xiao Yan to have a short-lived feeling. of absence.

"Let's go." When the old man heard the words, his eyes narrowed, and he immediately took Xiao Yan and headed towards the Lingyuan.

"The strength of the four-star Dou Xian in the early stage actually dared to use this strength to challenge the entire Qingyun Pavilion, using the holy flame and the Great Heaven Seed to fuse the flames to destroy the entire Qingyun Pavilion..." After a while, in the mist, slowly paced. A dignified middle-aged man stepped out.

The man was wearing simple clothes, like an ordinary person, but the fluctuations from his body were heart-pounding.

"Lord Dean." Looking at the imposing middle-aged man in front of him, Old Yidi's tyrannical strength like a seven-star fighting immortal couldn't help but become humble.

Although the old man was lucky enough to break through to the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, his strength was still quite different from that of the head of the Spiritual Academy in front of him.

"You brat, you really don't play cards according to common sense at all." The head of the Lingyuan Academy smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Hehe." Xiao Yan grinned when he heard the words, but at that time it was a no-brainer.

"Ling Yu was originally an important figure under our control of 'sin', but he was arrested by you... He shouldn't have died, right?" After Shunxi, the head of the spiritual academy opened his mouth.

"It's really not..." Xiao Yan heard the words, looked at the sincere eyes of the old man, and answered directly without avoiding it.

"Ling Feng owes a lot to his son Ling Yu, so he did not hesitate to resign as the head teacher of the underground courtyard, just to exchange his son's soul and understand what he owes to Ling Yu." The next moment, the Lingyuan courtyard The length is open to the mouth.

"This..." Hearing this, Xiao Yan frowned. The current Ling Yu was obviously suppressed by his three forces in his own vindictive sea. After a while, when this guy is honest, he will be able to interrogate some information. The dean of the academy wanted him to hand over this guy, but Xiao Yan was obviously a little unwilling.

"Ling Yu's fornication with the seventh crime department in the 'sin', the Devil Emperor Siye, do you know that?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively.

"The seventh crime department, I don't know that." After hearing the words, the dean of the Spiritual Academy pondered that, even with the information he had, it was probably 55% compared to Xiao Yan.

"Sir, I can't return Ling Yu's soul body for the time being. It's still useful for me to keep him, but don't worry, I won't kill him. After my affairs are over, I will personally send him back to the courtyard." Xiao Yan His eyes became firm and he fought for himself.

"Little guy, although Ling Feng feels guilty because Ling Yu colluded with the evil race from outside the territory, but no matter what, he is also a genuine seven-star fighting immortal. If we are not by your side, I'm afraid you..." The dean of the Lingyuan could not think of this. Xiao Yan, who seems to be harmless to humans and animals, actually speaks so sharply. After all, the human beings who communicated with him in the past were even ghosts. Because of his detached status, he was quite respected. Only this Xiao Yan was different.

"Damn... Isn't this a clear pressure?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning and said.

"Don't worry, you are also a genius in our spiritual courtyard, so I have won a lot of benefits for you. If you need anything, even if you can talk to Ling Feng, as long as it is within a reasonable range, Ling Feng will give it to you. ." After a while, seeing Xiao Yan's character who did not shed tears without seeing the coffin, the head of the Spiritual Academy said in a state of disbelief.

"Oh?"

"And such good things?" Xiao Yan said with great joy.

"It's natural, after all, Ling Feng only has this son." Di Lao interjected.

"I don't know if the general saint-level fighting skills and exercises are feasible?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively. Only after confirming these things can Xiao Yan dare to plan the next step with confidence.

"These things are naturally feasible, but the headmaster of the dignified courtyard, wouldn't it be cheaper for him to have such a few things?" After Shunxi, the dean of the Lingyuan also laughed like an old fox.

"I don't know if I can enter the extremely famous 'Earth Spirit Pagoda' in the underground courtyard?" Seeing that the dean of the spirit courtyard was also facing himself, Xiao Yan did not shy away, and said directly.

"Oh?"

"Do you want to enter the Earth Spirit Pagoda?" The dean of the Spirit Academy heard the words could not help but light up.

This Earth Spirit Pagoda is controlled by the Earth Court, and within this Earth Spirit Pagoda, there are many treasures, and even the things that are protected in the depths, even these old guys are unknown.

"Is it alright?" Xiao Yan asked, looking at the dean of the Spiritual Academy with a firm gaze.

Since the Qingyun Pavilion incident ended that day, Xiao Yan has communicated with Xiao Gui. According to Xiao Gui's news, the background of Xiao Gui's parents is probably related to the 'Earth Spirit Pagoda'. , the most precious Qidu Diversion Soul Cup, which heals the soul source of the Soul Eater Lord, is probably also from this 'Earth Spirit Pagoda', so there is Xiao Yan's current scene.

"Okay, you go back and wait for the news first, I will go back and fight with Lingfeng, although the qualification to enter the 'Earth Spirit Pagoda' is quite precious, but I think this guy should be happy to exchange, after all, the earth spirit Compared with his precious son, the tower is more important," said the dean of the Spiritual Academy.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded when he heard the words, and then slowly left here and went directly into the spiritual garden to practice.

"Old Di, do you have anything else to do?" After settling Xiao Yan in a valley with abundant energy from heaven and earth to cultivate in the spiritual academy, the director of the spiritual academy immediately said. .

"My lord, thank you for your protection over the years, but now the evil races from outside the territory are eyeing them, and the situation in the Seven Realms is also uncertain. After three discussions with Luo Zhamu, I plan to dismiss the post of headmaster of the Spiritual Academy and bring Menglan back. Inheriting the holy flame..." The old man said respectfully.

As soon as the voice fell, the exquisite jade in the palm of the Lingyuan Courtyard quietly fell off, like the sound of glass breaking, filling the bamboo forest.