Chapter Vol 4 990: Double Flame Exterminates Evil

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan broke out of the sky at the seventh level and six feet, and the terrifying and fierce aura accompanied by the ancient ruler of different fires directly hit the evil air mass emitted by the evil star.

It is strange to say that the evil air mass condensed by the evil star is extremely huge, and it is swept towards Xiao Yan at an extremely fast speed, and every time it falls, it will bring enormous pressure to Xiao Yan.

"Boom boom boom!" After a while, the attacks of the two suddenly hit together, sending out a terrifying aura, and waves of tyrannical energy ripples also flew away from the place where the two fought.

"Susu."

"Human, it seems that this time, I won." The attack of the two was not over, and the evil Tianxing suddenly swept away, and then came directly to Xiao Yan.

At this moment, Xiao Yan held the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng tightly with both hands, sending out a steady stream of power, resisting the evil air mass, and he couldn't pull it out at all. He immediately saw the evil star swooping in front of him, and his eyes couldn't help but emerge. A trace of fear.

"Die!" Evil Tianxing slapped Xiao Yan, who was so close, that he couldn't pull out his hand. Facing such a tyrannical blow at such a close distance, it might kill Xiao Yan in an instant.

And the evil power in the palm of that evil star kept expanding in Xiao Yan's pupils, and in just a short moment, it hit Xiao Yan's body!

"No, no!" Seeing this, Mu Yingying at the bottom couldn't help but burst into tears. Then, her speed increased and she swept towards the sky. Seeing her appearance, she was obviously preparing to save Xiao Yan.

"Yingying, calm down for me." Seeing this, Yan Chi, who had been watching his sister's condition, directly pressed Mu Yingying with a big hand, and then spoke.

"It's too late, Xiao Yan, he..." Mu Yingying just finished speaking, and when she was about to break free from her brother's restraint, Xiao Yi said.

"Big brother, you can't be so stupid." After Xiaoyi finished speaking, Mu Yingying realized that her concern would be messy, and she immediately became quiet.

"Bang bang bang!" Just when the evil Tianxing attacked Xiao Yan, a white mist suddenly appeared, and then Xiao Yan in front of him disappeared instantly.

"Suffer to death!"

"Huangquan Tian's Wrath!" The next moment, a void not far from the evil star trembled slightly, and then there was a wave that made the evil star terrified to the extreme, and even a familiar figure was slowly get out.

"Ahhh!" Being hit so hard by the soul power of the pinnacle of Dou Di at such a close distance, the evil Tianxing couldn't help but let out a scream.

"Huangquan refers to!"

"Huangquan Palm!" Seeing that the evil Tianxing in front of him was temporarily in a sluggish state due to the soul attack, Xiao Yan did not stop, and two attacks were emerging!

"Bang bang bang!" The two attacks were invariably the same, leaving extremely conspicuous injuries on Evil Tianxing's body, and the evil air mass of Evil Tianxing, naturally because it had no target, was obviously in this sky.

"How can it be……"

"At such a young age, his soul power has actually reached the peak of Dou Di..." After recovering a little, Evil Tianxing couldn't help looking at the guy in front of him and said.

"Is my clone technique fun?" Xiao Yan naturally ignored it and asked directly.

"It's really cunning."

"But even though you want to be unable to kill you, you have nothing to do with me."

"After a while, I regained my strength. I'm afraid it will be the day of your kid's death." Evil Tianxing was obviously seriously injured by Xiao Yan's soul attack just now. The reason for the two is that the strength is greatly reduced.

"It's really tricky."

"But don't forget it."

"I'm not alone." Xiao Yan said with a helpless smile.

"You..." Evil Tianxing wanted to say something, but a figure suddenly appeared beside Xiao Yan.

"Don't worry, there's me too."

"The holy flame power of the two of us is enough to completely obliterate this guy." Mu Yingying swept past Xiao Yan and said softly.

"What happened just now..." Xiao Yan couldn't help feeling warm when he saw Mu Yingying coming, but Xiao Yan was still aware of Mu Yingying's tears and impulses. Obviously Xiao Yan felt that sometimes the power of the soul was too powerful. Kind of weird.

"I... I just got a little sand in my eyes, don't think about it." Mu Yingying was obviously not good at lying, and stammered.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, but said nothing. Although he knew Mu Yingying's intentions, Xiao Yan didn't know how to face her. After thinking about it, it was better not to respond.

"Let's kill this guy first." Mu Yingying looked at Xiao Yan without saying a word, and hurriedly changed the subject.

"Okay." Xiao Yan heard the words, smiled slowly, and said immediately.

"I don't know what we should do?" Xiao Yan asked.

"It's very simple."

"Take out the holy flame crystal and directly activate the source of holy flame, there will be no scum that will naturally be wiped out of this extraterritorial evil race." Mu Yingying said with a slight smile.

As soon as Mu Yingying's voice fell, a fiery red holy flame crystal and an azure holy flame crystal emerged directly from the hands of the two of them, and on top of the two holy flame crystals, an extremely tyrannical flame The breath is just around the corner.

"Damn..." At this time, Evil Tianxing looked at the holy flame crystal on the palms of the two humans, and it was the first time that the color of fear appeared.

Among the holy flame crystals, they possess the origin of holy flames. Even if these two guys are too weak to mobilize the real power of holy flames, the power of two holy flames alone is enough to completely obliterate them.

"Holy Flame!"

"Zhu Xie!" When they realized that the evil Tianxing was about to escape, Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying immediately raised the palm-sized holy flame crystal on their palms, and the flames that purify all the evil in the world permeated~www.mtlnovel. com~ Then the azure flame and the khaki flame slowly wrapped around the evil star.

"No..." Evil Tianxing seemed to want to do something to struggle, but under the suppression of the two holy flames, his body quickly disappeared, and his body became illusory.

"Bang bang bang!" After a few breaths, the evil Tianxing that was still majestic before suddenly disappeared.

At the same time, in other places on the second floor of the blood river, several figures slowly sounded.

"Is Tianxing dead..." A man in red said among the group.

"It shouldn't be, although Tian Xing is the weakest among the four of us, but he has a fifth-level blood curse. After being stimulated, his strength reaches half-step eight-star Dou Di, even if he encounters Burning Incense []Ge Tiandian four people Can also be invincible, this…”

"Could it be that they were murderers from other sects!" Another man in blue clothes wondered.

"This idiot is too greedy. I am afraid that I bypassed the three of us to collect holy flames by myself, which is what I deserved."

"let's go."

"No matter who killed the fourth brother, this time not only the people in the Burning Incense Pavilion will die, but the disciples of the other super sects will not be able to escape."

Outside the Blood River, in the Xuanling Royal Palace, an evil voice from King Xuanling also sounded: "Did my fourth apostle fall..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

--Pull up to load the next chapter s-->