Chapter 546: Enter the mansion! !

After Xiao Yan and his party entered the channel on the water, within a few breaths, when they reappeared, they had come to another place.

"What is this place?" Just after coming here through the pavilion and Hu Bo, several people immediately began to pay attention to it.

Unfamiliar environments are undoubtedly the most dangerous.

"There is such a strong emperor qi here." Xiao Yan said slowly, the emperor qi here is much stronger than any other place. If you practice here, you will definitely get twice the result with half the effort. Not for cultivation.

"Where exactly is the mansion?" Xiao Yan asked.

"This should be the place where the strong man fell. I feel that there is a very subtle and powerful fluctuation not far away!" Long Yi said.

"I hope it can really help me break through the realm of the soul." Xiao Yan clenched his fist unconsciously. Obviously, this soul power is related to the level of the alchemist, and now Xiao Yan's breakthrough soul power is also imminent.

"The passage just now should be a method similar to the space passage." Xiao Yan analyzed, but to be able to create a space passage in such a place, the strength of the mansion owner is probably extremely tyrannical!

"Dad... This place is so familiar." Since she came here, Shanyao has been stunned, her voice is a little silly, and she seems to be trying to remember something.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan held Shanyao's jade shoulder with his palm, and then a gentle force passed over.

"Yes." Shanyao responded slightly, and then suddenly there was a hint of other expression in her eyes.

The place where everyone appeared, could not see five fingers, the huge white mist directly blurred everyone's sight, but a few people vaguely discovered that there was a rather conspicuous white path under their feet!

"Snake Punishment, what's going on?" Xiao Yan was rather strange when he heard this.

"I don't know. Although I have been here for hundreds of years, I have never entered here."

"But I'm sure this is basically the mansion." Both the snake torture and the snake spirit shook their heads.

"Dad, let's go home!" After Shanyao finished speaking, she took Xiao Yan's broad palm and walked slowly towards the path.

"I'm afraid there are many secrets on Shanyao's body."

"But it's strange, why is this white mist getting thicker and thicker, is it my illusion..." Xiao Yan smacked his tongue secretly, and then followed Shanyao to walk, but when he walked, he found that the white mist was thicker and denser than other places. ! !

"En." Snake Spirit and Snake Xing looked at each other, and immediately followed Xiao Yan and Shanyao.

After a few minutes of walking, a rather simple manor appeared in front of him.

The area of ​​the manor is extremely large, and the whole is surrounded by clouds and smoke. Only a white stone gate can be vaguely seen not far away, which has a sense of sight of a fairyland on earth.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Walking along the white path, Xiao Yan discovered the true face of the manor as he got closer to the manor!

That cloud of white mist emanated from the center of the manor!

In the fog, a breath of fresh air kept appearing.

"Could it be that someone in this mansion is refining medicine pills?"

"Why does this mist look like the fragrance of medicinal pills?" Xiao Yan walked outside the manor and said slightly.

After all, Xiao Yan was a genuine alchemist at the peak of the first-grade emperor rank. Although there was an extremely small amount of Danxiang in the mist, Xiao Yan discovered it.

Xiao Yan and the others came to the end of the stone road, and then the gate of the manor slowly appeared.

Above the gate, a huge creature was embedded on it. The creature had three legs vaguely, and a pair of extremely huge wings were particularly conspicuous, but the forehead disappeared strangely, making Xiao Yan unable to identify the specific what creature.

From the creature, Xiao Yan felt a tremendous pressure.

"The strength of the master of this mansion is probably unfathomable. He can actually use such a terrifying creature as a goalkeeper." Xiao Yan secretly said, but his heart was shocked.

For such a terrifying guard, it would be extremely difficult to open this stone gate.

I don't know what material the stone gate is made of, anyway, based on Xiao Yan's perception, it is very stiff, and with the strength of Xiao Yan and the others, I'm afraid they can't be forcibly opened!

In front of the stone gate, two stone lions face each other fiercely, lifelike.

"This should be the main entrance of the mansion." Snake said.

But as soon as the words fell, Snake Xing became vigilant, because in this mansion, there are indeed several forces that make Snake Xing fear.

"There should be a lot of good things in this mansion, right?" The snake spirit said slightly, then stared at Shanyao closely.

Although Shanyao had always insisted that Xiao Yan was her father, the snake spirit found that Shanyao's memory and strength were intact, so she was not in a hurry. The mansion was the most important thing in front of her.

And the snake spirit vaguely felt that his life experience seemed to have the answer in this mansion.

"There is an extremely terrifying restriction on this stone gate. This is a big problem." Xiao Yan sensed it, and then spoke slowly.

"This thing, I have a way!" Shanyao said slowly.

"What's the solution?" Xiao Yan wondered, the restriction above the stone gate is not a joke, a little careless, but the end is quite miserable!

"Dad, give me that conch!" At the next moment, Shanyao's small eyes flickered at Xiao Yan, and then her voice lost the milky voice she had just started, and she felt a little more steady.

"En." Xiao Yan heard the words, took out the conch, and handed it to Shanyao Logically speaking, although this conch is a fairy, it is after all the token of the last member of the Tianmuyu clan. So Xiao Yan didn't want to put it in the bag, but Xiao Yan couldn't even recognize the owner of the fairy, so he could only temporarily put away the conch, and return it to Shanyao when he had a solution.

Just as Shanyao started to hold the conch, a majestic force spread from Shanyao's body as the center like ripples in the water, spreading everywhere!

"DiDiDi." The next moment, Shanyao gently raised the conch in her hand, and then the mouth of the conch was facing her chin, and then Bei's lips were tightly attached to it, and with a little force, the conch suddenly released A very pleasant sound.

A very pleasant sound of conch shells sounded, and then the two fierce stone lions around the stone gate seemed to come alive!

"Shabu Shabu!" The two stone lions shook and moved under the sound of conch shells, and rushed directly at Shimen!

"Clang!" With the collision of the two stone lions, the tightly closed stone door opened slightly.

At the same time, a strange force from ancient times permeated from the crack of the door.

With the appearance of this power, Xiao Yan's expression became extremely pleasant: "With this fluctuation, the power of the soul has actually reached the peak of the emperor's realm?"

"It seems that there really is a soul here who may break through the peak of the emperor's mortal level..."

"As long as you step into the soul power of the emperor's realm, the alchemist of the second-grade emperor is also a matter of course!"

Ask for tickets!