Chapter 507: Xuan Wanxin's plan!

"With you in this life, what can I ask for?" He opened his eyes slightly, as if speaking silently.

"Qingmu, from the first day I saw you, I fell in love with you. If this time, if we don't die, it would be nice to marry me." Xuan Wanxin said a little bitterly, and there was a slight expression on his face. Smile like a gentleman.

"Okay." The beautiful eyes moved slightly, seemingly casually speaking, but it made Xuan Wanxin's heart viciously shake, because Xuan Wanxin knew that no matter the background, status and strength behind the eyes, it was the same. Not within reach.

"So...you can't die!" For a moment, a dignified look appeared in his pupils.

"I know, don't worry, although I have burned my life force for nearly fifty years, I won't die!"

Hearing the words, his brows trembled suddenly, burning fifty years of life, this is extraordinary!

Although the lifespan of a strong Dou Di is quite high, these fifty years are not a small number!

However, he didn't struggle with his eyes, and let Xuan Wanxin gently hug him.

On the shoulders of leaning eyes, a smooth palm slowly wrapped around her shoulders, and a trace of warmth flowed into Xuan Wan's heart.

"You can't die." A smile emerged beside Qingmu Yu'er, and then Xuan Wanxin's palm slightly moved down, directly down Qingmu's shoulder, and lightly tapped it somewhere!

At this point, the dazzling ray of light on Qingmu's body was instantly extinguished, and the fighting spirit in his body instantly contracted, in exchange for the stunned look on his face!

"You!" Qingmu said with some difficulty, the next moment, a trace of vindictiveness emanated from Xuan Wanxin's body and sent Qingmu back directly.

"Sister Xin, take good care of her for me." A rebellious voice suddenly came to the ears of several members of the Dragon-loving Legion.

"Although Xuan Wanxin is the youngest and weakest of our Dragon-loving Legion, his strength is obvious to all of you. This time, let's take a gamble and believe him!" The corners of Yaoxin's eyes clearly flickered. Heartache, he said immediately.

"But if that's the case, can Xuan Wanxin bear it..." Fan Yu said with some difficulty.

"Isn't that the way he should go..." He shook his head before speaking, without saying anything.

"Ah, this Xuan Wanxin really has twists and turns." Xuan Mo on the side said a little uncomfortable.

"Prepare, we only have a chance to strike. We must break the black barrier immediately. The task of breaking the barrier will be handed over to you. After breaking the barrier, I will teleport immediately, and we must go back!" road.

It's too late to say it!

Above the sky, after facing the death ray burst from Liu Quan's hand, Qin Tian frowned: "The Soul Shattering Card should not look like this, is there something wrong?"

Apparently facing the dark death ray, Qin Tian also noticed something was wrong. Although he hesitated, Qin Tian did not stop in his hands. After all, Liu Quan's offensive should not be underestimated.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying flame instantly condensed in his hand, and an extremely hot flame energy ball appeared instantly!

"Go!" Qin Tian drank abruptly, the energy ball containing the power of terrifying flames in his hand instantly disappeared towards the dark black death ray!

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, the two suddenly hit each other, and terrifying death ripples continued to emerge from the center of the explosion!

"Damn it, go back!" Song Li and Yang Wei, obviously already had other thoughts in their minds, and immediately said.

"Will we do this..." Song Li asked worriedly, after all, Liu Quan was their Solomon's three masters.

"Song Li, if you want to succeed, this Liu Quan must..." After Yang Wei finished speaking, he drew a few strokes towards his neck, and a sinister wave spread throughout Yang Wei's body!

"I see..." Song Li nodded immediately after hearing this, and then both of them nodded.

The next moment, a mouthful of blood suddenly spewed out of the two mouths!

"According to the opportunity!" The two said in unison.

"What a terrifying fluctuation!" Yaoxin took the look, and then several people stepped back and came to the ground, completely ignoring the two Song Li.

"Prepare!" The core came to the ground and said to a few people around him.

As soon as the words fell, Fanyu and Xuanmo suddenly stimulated the last remaining traces of vindictiveness in their bodies, and they continued to gather on Yaoxin. At that time, Yaoxin's vindictiveness and soul power returned at an extremely terrifying speed. write.

In a few breaths, the aftermath in the sky has slowly dissipated, but there are still traces of flame and black gas in the air. Although the two are extremely small, they contain frightening fluctuations.

"Susu!"

"Go to hell!" The next moment, on Liu Quan's bizarre palm, a strange, boxy object suddenly appeared, and then suddenly roared towards Qin Tian!

At that time, a chilling air filled the entire sky, causing the people on the ground to feel slightly chilled.

"This...is it the Soul Shattering Card..." Qin Tian's pupils flashed a fiery red color, and then he was slightly surprised.

On the strange boxy object in Liu Quan's hand, a broken word slowly appeared, and then in this space shrouded in black, all the black energy suddenly went towards the broken soul card!

"Soul Shattering Card!"

"Fall down, Qin Tian!" Liu Quan shouted loudly, the chilling meaning in his voice became more terrifying!

"You want our head to die?" Just as Qin Tian was about to give his all, a familiar voice came from behind Qin Tian!

Qin Tian turned his eyes away, his eyes were dull, obviously because of his concentration just now, he didn't know that Xuan Wanxin had come behind him!

"This fluctuation... Could it be?" Qin Tian asked in surprise.

The Dragon-loving Legion has a full ten people, and each of them has their own special place before they can be absorbed into the Dragon-loving Legion's drug core, the use of soul power, in Exploring this aspect has a unique advantage, as for the characteristics of Xuan Wanxin, it is strange to say!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Because the characteristic of Xuan Wanxin is that it becomes virtual!

As the name suggests!

This illusion is to make a certain person or an object with life illusory for one second at a specific time, through Xuan Wanxin's innate special means!

To say that it is illusory, it would be better to say that it is invincible.

Because in this second of blurring, whether it's a battle qi attack or a soul attack, it's all ineffective!

Don't look at it for just one second, but it can do a lot!

"Head, don't worry!" Xuan Wan drank coldly, facing Qin Tiandao with a rare gratification in his voice.

"Wan Xin!" Qin Tian casually glanced at the few people below, and found that they were all too weak. He nodded slightly, and then suddenly drank it, as if he had a plan in his heart.

"What are you doing?" Liu Quan seemed to have discovered that Xuan Wanxin was burning his own vitality, but he didn't care too much, because the vitality that Xuan Wanxin was burning was not too much, so there was no surge in strength, nor was he too attracted to Liu Quan. Care more.

It's just that at this moment, Xuan Wanxin had a rather strange gesture in his hand, and the corners of his mouth were constantly muttering something, and a rather mysterious wave slowly appeared all over his body!

Ask for a recommendation!