Chapter Vol 4 1768: Soul Palace intervenes?

"Go!"

"Tangling the other people, leaving this guy, leave it to the teacher!" For a while, the other two weak Vatican men were like ghosts, and they completely subdued Lin Qingwen and the others in an instant.

If it wasn't for the fear of Xiao Yan's strange strength, and the rumors that Xiao Yan was too high, I'm afraid they would directly take action to arrest Xiao Yan.

"Lord, go!" After being caught by the two men from the Holy See, Lin Qingwen roared at Xiao Yan who was motionless.

In any case, this time the princess explained her task, it must be completed, otherwise he Lin Qingwen will have no face to see the princess, and judging from the tone of the princess's instructions before leaving, Xiao Yan must be quite in this election. If an important person loses the election because of his own reasons, I am afraid that he will feel extremely guilty.

"Xiao Yan in the Endless Fire Territory... It's true that you have some ability, but you killed my Holy See envoy Huang Xiu, and today, this disciple will bring you to justice!" After a while, the Holy See old man stared gloomily at Xiao Yan and smiled. .

With his strength, cultivator Huang could have been rescued, but in order to obliterate Xiao Yan, there must be some reasonable excuses. After all, this guy is now also the ruler of the Endless Fire Territory. To obliterate him for no reason will give the Holy See a lesson. A lot of trouble.

"This kind of trick, don't take it out for shame."

"Don't you think that a believer in the mid-level Six-Star Fighting Immortal can kill me?"

"It's too small to underestimate my Endless Fire Territory." Xiao Yan shook his head without any extra action, but the arrogance in his voice was not concealed in the slightest. To deal with this kind of guy, the only way to deal with this kind of guy is to use violence to control violence. most convincing.

And what surprised Xiao Yan was that this guy actually wanted to use the fall of cultivator Huang as an excuse to obliterate himself. Unfortunately, this guy did not think about his own strength and battle, so there was nothing he could do about it. .

"Stinky boy, you can't live without dying!"

"Light beam!" With a light snort, the old man was surrounded by a milky white halo, his speed skyrocketed, his hand turned into an eagle claw, and it shot at Xiao Yan. The fierce attack strength turned out to be the energy of heaven and earth. They all shook violently.

"Hot Explosion Technique!" Xiao Yan said softly upon seeing this, his body suddenly became lighter, his speed skyrocketed, and he directly dealt with him.

"The guy who ranks fifth among the six major believers... This guy is the representative of close-to-hand combat, Lord Xiao Yan, I hope you are all right." At this moment, Lin Qingwen and the others could only watch the battle in silence. If things really get to the point of being irreversible, I am afraid that with their loyalty, they can only die.

"Crash!" The speed of the old man from the Holy See skyrocketed, and the attack instantly spread to Xiao Yan's body.

"Kacha Kacha!" Even if the offensive in the hands of the Holy See elders is extremely fierce, every time they hit Xiao Yan's body, they will be digested by a rather hot flame. For a time, in the entire Round Terrace Square, Xiao Yan and the Holy See elders Also keep fighting.

This is the territory of Tianmu City, but even if there is such a fierce battle here, no one will come to inspect. After all, like today's eventful autumn in the Star Continent, everyone is in danger and only seeks to protect themselves, and both sides have royal people to pick up. Introduced, these defenders do not want to intervene.

"Little brother, it's getting late, I'll send you on your way." After a while, the old man of the Holy See stopped the melee fight with Xiao Yan. Immediately, white light appeared all over his body, and a tyrannical white halo emerged like the morning sun. .

"Singing fighting skills?"

"I won't give you this chance." Xiao Yan saw the old man's intention at a glance, waved his palm, and the power of the Great Heavenly Seed swept out.

The fighting skills that this guy used were obviously not on the same level as the fighting skills that cultivator Huang wanted to use just now.

"Crash!"

"You are too embarrassed to take out such a weak power?" The old man of the Holy See shook his head lightly, disdainfully saying that he could completely destroy it with a single blow.

"Don't get too happy too soon!"

"The Array of Immortal Silk and Vine!" After a short while, Xiao Yan's mouth burst into laughter. With a wave of his palm, a green door of light completely enveloped the place.

"Pfft!" As soon as he was enveloped by the green light door, the boundless green trees grew wildly, instantly changing the appearance of everyone around them.

"teacher!"

"Sir... what's going on?" With such a sudden scene, Lin Qingyun and the other two men in black lost their voices at the same time, and the wildly growing trees around him exuded a strong sense of crisis, which made people shudder.

"This guy... is not as simple as I imagined." At this time, the old man of the Holy See blinked with different eyes, and this level of formation is not only something that an unknown person can use.

"Huhu!" After casting the formation, Xiao Yan's figure was completely hidden behind the green leaves of the trees, and the figures of the other Lin Qingwen were also rescued by Xiao Yan.

"Huh... the breath of the Soul Palace?" When Xiao Yan was just about to launch an attack, he smelled the disgusting breath of the Silk Soul Palace by relying on the formation that he had enhanced.

"Boom." With a sound, the clothes of the old man of the Holy See, a halo of sunlight, suddenly emerged, and the formation spread instantly.

"Lord Xiao Yan...what's the matter?" After Shunxi, Lin Qingwen didn't have time to be overjoyed, but found Xiao Yan's face, which was rather ugly, and hurriedly asked.

"Some uninvited guests."

"Forget it, I want to see what these guys are going to do." After some thought, Xiao Yan suddenly had other plans, and the energy in the formation suddenly decreased. As time passed, it turned out to be a faint Yoyo's became fragmentedCrack! "With a sound, the old man of the Holy See also did not understand that Xiao Yan's formation would suddenly decrease in energy and be completely destroyed by himself, and Xiao Yan's breath also became weak.

But at this time, he obviously didn't have time to think so much. As long as he dedicated Xiao Yan to Lord Zhiyi, then his status would be further improved, and his future would be bright!

"Susu..."

"Xiao Yan from the Endless Fire Territory, the fifth believer of the Holy See, this time, it's really a bumper harvest." And as Xiao Yan was pale and his face was pale, he sat in the square, a hideous laughter and black mist, instantly surrounded the entire square.

"Soul... The guy from the Soul Palace?" At this time, Rao, with the strength of the old man of the Holy See, couldn't help but get heavier.

"Not good!" At this moment, Xiao Yan also realized something and hesitated.

"Stay well for this seat!" Just as Xiao Yan was about to escape, a black light directly bound Xiao Yan to the spot, but these guys never noticed the flashing smile on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

"Hand over all of your souls, otherwise you will all fall here today." After Shunxi, a gloomy figure wrapped in black mist, like a master, said to everyone here, and there was an unexpected sound in his voice. It is full of tyrannical fluctuations.

Six Star Fighting Immortal is complete!