Chapter Vol 4 2248: Roundabout!

The pure heart is something that was researched by the evil race from outside the territory to deal with the holy flame.

Its formation is formed by human women through special power, but how to choose human women, how to form a pure heart, that is a high-level secret belonging to foreign evil races, even in the entire Great Thousand World, few people know about it.

"Boom!"

Bai Wushuang was determined to die, and the pure heart completely ignited and exploded, and the pure force unscrupulously impacted the countless evil forces in the surrounding evil prisons.

Seeing that he disappeared like this, he wanted to use his last strength to purify this prison.

"Ah ah ah!"

The evil figures headed by several reincarnation-level leaders in the evil prison saw that the target of this pure heart was not Xiao Yan, but this filthy evil prison, and a rare fear emerged from the black mist.

The power of the pure heart not only has a devastating blow to the holy flame, but also to them!

Because that is pure power, not something that evil forces can resist!

"Bang bang bang!"

The pure heart exploded, and countless black mists shattered and opened, and a steady stream of evil creatures were easily destroyed under this power, both physical and spiritual, and no one could escape.

"Senior righteousness!"

Miserable screams and mourning filled this place, and Xiao Yan's pupils were also filled with intense heat as he cupped his hands and said.

Xiao Yan couldn't stop this kind of thing, so he could only respectfully stay aside and wait for these things to happen.

"I know your good intentions, but..."

"The old man has passed away, and it is meaningless for me to remain in the world."

After doing all this and purifying this evil prison, Bai Wushuang's body suddenly shattered a little bit. Obviously, she had sensed Xiao Yan's idea of ​​trying to save her, but she directly refused.

He is already a sinner in the vast world. Even if he lives in the world, it is just a joke. It is better to use all his strength and leave something behind for his back, which can be regarded as a kind of repentance.

"I have done too many wrong things in my life. At the last moment of my life, I hope I can make up for it."

"These are some of my records about the pure heart. There are many reincarnation perceptions in them. Maybe it can help you now."

As soon as the voice fell, Bai Wushuang's delicate body trembled abruptly, soaring into the sky completely, blooming like fireworks.

"Senior, go well."

Xiao Yan stretched out his hand to take the ball of pure light, then bowed slightly, and respectfully opened his mouth to the latter.

This great gift from Bai Wushuang is not unheard of!

The secrets of the pure heart, and even some insights into reincarnation, are all supreme things that the world is moved by.

"Whoa!"

With Bai Wushuang being so righteous, all the evil forces in the entire evil prison disappeared, finally revealing the true face of the void here.

Xiao Yan is entrenched in the sky, and when he looks around, there are actually rolling cities below. Obviously, this place was a very prosperous place countless years ago, but unfortunately it was invaded by foreign evil tribes...

In the center of the city, there is an extremely magnificent and solemn mansion. Wherever you want to go is the storage place for treasures such as meteorites, stars and iron, but now Xiao Yan is naturally not in a hurry.

"Second brother?"

"Are you alright?"

Xiao Yi has been staying in the passage of Buddhist scriptures. After realizing that the evil power gradually disappearing in the void here is weird, she stepped away from the enchantment passage and hurried over, only to find that the evil power in the void has disappeared. It was so clean, even the extremely pure light in Xiao Yan's hand was dazzling.

"It's alright, everything here is settled."

"The rest, I'll talk about it when I wake up."

"Wait until I step into reincarnation."

Xiao Yan nodded heavily, and immediately sat in the void, urging his soul power to investigate the secret of this pure light group.

"The pure heart is nourished by women with yin physique in the great thousand worlds. Women must have a clean body, and only those who were born in the yin period can be nourished with the power of evil patterns of foreign evil races. , it took hundreds of years to cultivate a pure heart."

"The pure heart is accompanied by its warm cultivator, its power is greatly increased, and the pure heart can also be taken out, but the power is greatly reduced..."

"Now, according to the records of the evil races outside the realm, they have cultivated all the corresponding pure hearts that are able to resist the top five in the holy flame list in the great thousand worlds. As for the more advanced ones, even they are helpless."

In the light group, there were endless explanations about the restraint of holy flame and the pure heart. Xiao Yan's soul power invaded. He carefully felt this majestic information and kept this information firmly in his mind. among.

"It seems that the second brother should be settled."

"Well, I hope the second brother can take this opportunity to step into reincarnation."

Xiaoyi's whole body was filled with brown flames, which instantly enveloped the void here, protecting Xiao Yan. She was also caught in some kind of extremely mysterious retreat, protecting Xiao Yan.

"Reincarnation, mysterious and mysterious."

After sensing the pure heart, the pure light group actually slowly sank into Xiao Yan's body, and a bright breath entered the body, followed by a pain that went deep into the bone marrow.

With the appearance of such a bizarre scene, Xiao Yan's sanity suddenly crossed the long river of time and space and entered a certain mysterious state.

In the dark void, bursts of mourning and roaring continued to come out, but no matter how loud the sound was, no one responded after a long time, and the master of the voice had also weakened his consciousness, and was about to faint when he passed out. , but in front of him there are scenes that emerge.

"Reincarnation, the first life."

"Xiao family Xiao Yan, break off the marriage, Nalan Yanran, thirty years in Hedong and three years in Hexi, don't bully the poor young!"

"Teacher, this disciple has avenged Xue Ren for you!"

In the reincarnation of a lifetime, Xiao Yan, whose strength was exploited, lay weakly in the darkness, looking at the thin black figure in the picture.

In order to maintain the dignity of his family, he started to cultivate from an unknown person, and he has overcome countless hardships along the way, surpassing and defeating the arrogant daughter of the Cloud Lanzong little by little.

"Reincarnation, the second world."

"A azure blue plane Today's Xiao Yan has forgotten his real name, but his intuition tells Xiao Yan that his previous life should have come from here."

"In the azure blue plane, there are countless scenes of prosperity and strength, but those are far away from me."

"Reincarnation, the third world!"

"Xiao Yan in this life has become an ordinary person, not as outstanding and glorious as in the previous two lives, but was framed by others and died tragically in a foreign land."

The reincarnation of one life after another seems to be simple, but only Xiao Yan himself knows that that kind of reincarnation is by no means a simple reincarnation, but one that he has personally experienced!

Glory, power, money, beauty, ending, calculations...

The seven emotions and six desires in the human world, greed, hatred and hatred, attacked Xiao Yan's weak body like chains after chains.

The picture was blurry, and he was plunged into darkness, like the realm of primordial primordial chaos, and some of the power in Xiao Yan's body surged like an ancient source.

Rebirth, or fall?

"Even if I break through countless reincarnations, in this life, I just want to protect..."

"The people I cherish...and this great world that is not so beautiful!"

A melodious voice came out, and suddenly in this world, a mysterious force gathered towards Xiao Yan's body from all directions.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: