Chapter Vol 4 2126: The bad news came, the Soul Palace was destroyed, the red clothes...

With the fall of the medicinal clan festival, the entire Douyun Continent became extremely nervous. Obviously, the ancient battles in the medicinal world have been known by countless forces, and the forces of the secret and secret are rapidly gathering.

The power of one person may be small, but as long as there are enough numbers, there will be a real qualitative change!

In a corner of the Holy See Holy City, here is the so-called Spirit Stele Hall.

The Hall of Spirit Steles is a forbidden place for the Holy See, where all the high-level spirit steles of the Holy See are kept, which can clearly distinguish their life and death.

Because of the special nature of the Holy See, almost no one dared to disobey and kill the powerful people of the Holy See, and once there is an arrogant person, unless there are very special existences, the murderer can be clearly found through the spiritual monument, without exception.

The hall of the stele is resplendent, with nearly a hundred milky white oil lamps forming a pentagram in the void of the hall.

In the pentagram array, there are several spiritual tablets flickering.

The spiritual tablets are arranged in a triangle shape, with one at the top, then three, then six, in three columns in total. They seem to correspond to the Pope of the Holy See, the three cardinal archbishops, and so on.

"Pfft!"

With a sound, the second spiritual monument in the third row of the pentagram array suddenly dimmed. After a while, it crashed down from the triangular array of the ancestral hall. Countless tiny cracks emerged from the spiritual monument. .

"This is... the spiritual monument of the second believer Hill?"

"What exactly is going on?"

When this strangeness appeared, a void in the hall of the stele suddenly trembled, and an old man with golden hair was extremely puzzled.

The old man opened his eyes and slowly stared at the Hill Spirit Monument in front of him, thinking.

The identity of this guy is impressively a priest of the Holy See!

In the Holy See, there are only two priests in total. Although the two of them are only eight-star fighting immortals, even the three red-clothed archbishops would not dare to make mistakes when they saw them.

Because the two priests control the language of the angels, communicate with the Holy See and connect with the kingdom of angels, and are also the messengers who bestow the will of the angels!

The coming of the will of the kingdom of angels and the gift of the angel wings from the Holy See powerhouse require their strength, which also establishes the loftiness of their identities.

"Crack!"

In just a moment, Hill's spiritual monument was shattered and turned into countless star debris and annihilated in the hall of the spiritual monument.

"Someone killed a Second Faith?"

In an instant, the eyes of the priest became extremely hideous, and an unbelievable look emerged.

"Pfft!"

After a few breaths, the third column of the pentagram array was in the first position, and a light monument next to the first echelon fell uncontrollably together.

The two spiritual tablets symbolize the first believer Austin and the Son of Light respectively.

"Boom!"

An unprecedented horror lingered in the heart of the sacrifice, but before he could make a move, the spiritual monument in the second column was falling down.

Countless dense cracks crawled out, although they were not broken, they were obviously dying.

"You must report to the red-clothed archbishop and the pope!"

At this moment, the priest panicked, and hurriedly walked towards the core area of ​​the Holy City.

The fall of the second believer, the serious injury of the first believer and the Son of Light, and even the whereabouts of the red-clothed Archbishop Lacey are unknown, this is clearly a challenge to the majesty of the Holy See!

No matter who it is, once the culprit is found, the Holy See will strangle it at all costs!

...

Just as the sacrificed man walked on his forefoot, the three red-robed archbishop's spiritual monuments crashed to the ground at the peak of the spiritual monuments. On the Lacey monument, a dark and evil charm lingered around him, which was extremely eerie!

On the other side, the land of ancient races above Douyun Continent.

"Tomorrow is the day when the meeting of the ancient races begins."

"I don't know why I always have the illusion that something is wrong."

Yao Tianmo's middle-aged body sat in a pavilion and spoke softly, as if waiting for someone.

This guy has already survived for thousands of years, nearly ten thousand years. With the addition of the holy-rank eighth-rank heaven-level pharmacist technology, it is naturally not difficult to refine some magical medicines used to temporarily cover his face.

"Old Yao, everything is done properly."

As soon as Yao Tianmo's voice dissipated, in the depths of the Yao Clan's path, an old man with white hair walked out, with a rare gratification on his brows.

"Gu Xingtian, I didn't expect you to actually break through. It really makes my old bones feel ashamed."

Yao Tianmo looked at the old man walking towards him, but was unable to shake his head.

"The double reincarnation level is really mysterious and mysterious. I also used the treasures of the ancient clan to break through by luck when the deadline came."

Yao Xingtian shook his head gently, listening to Yao Tianmo talking about this, even with his arrogance, he had to bow his head.

The power of Samsara Tribulation is countless times more tyrannical than Dan Lei Tribulation. It is a terrifying catastrophe that is dependent on life and death in a single thought. Even Gu Xingtian, who is now in the second-level Samsara Realm, does not want to recall it.

"It's good to break through."

"Among our Medicine Clan, among the three Supreme Elders, I am the only one who wakes up. The other two have fallen into deep seclusion. Forcing them to wake up may cause accidents."

Yao Tianmo's brows suddenly wrinkled. Obviously, when facing a behemoth like the Holy See, he also felt powerless.

"The situation of the ancients is similar to yours. I am the only one who is reincarnated. In addition, Gu Yuan touches reincarnation."

"And according to the information I got, it seems that there is only one reincarnation powerhouse from other clans, and some of them have just touched the reincarnation, and the strongest ones can only step into the reincarnation."

"In this case, combined with the power of our ancient races, there are a total of seven reincarnations. This power faces the Holy See, if the Pope is not there, there is still a chance of victory."

"If the Pope exists, I am afraid that this time, we have no chance of winning."

Gu Xingtian's eyelids kept beating, and his expression was extraordinarily solemn.

"The Pope's strength is really so profound?"

Yao Tianmo couldn't help but ask.

"Back then, the Soul Eater of the Ghost Realm and others were fortunate enough to fight against the Pope. At that time, they were all eight-star fighting immortals. Rumors were that they were tied, but very few people knew that he was defeated by the Pope."

"Thousands of years have passed, with the Pope's talent and strength, plus the increase in the angel's wings, the strength should have surpassed that of the red-clothed archbishop."

"As far as I know, the strongest of the three red-clothed archbishops seem to have reached the peak of double reincarnation."

"So...you should know what I mean?"

Gu Xingtian said word by word.

"What about the descendant of the Xiao family?"

Yao Tianmo shook his head and asked softly.

"I have secretly sent the two of them away with a few strong men and returned to his territory. Although the medicine family is good, it is not suitable for him."

"But it's a bit strange to say that the space between Xuanling Continent and our Douyun Continent seems to be imprisoned by someone I can't shake it with the power of reincarnation, I can only succeed by luck with the power of all fairy weapons. send it back."

Gu Xingtian wondered.

"Now that you're ready, let's wait and see."

"Wait for the discussion after the ancient meeting tomorrow."

Yao Tianmo said thoughtfully, with this move, it was actually for them to leave a back-up. After all, the fate of the demon Xiao Yan is still unknown.

"Report!"

"Elder Taishang, the big thing is bad!"

"Soul... The power under the vassal of the Soul Clan, the Soul Palace, was executed by the Holy See!"

"No one survived!"

Just when the two Supreme Elders were about to discuss some coping strategies, a hurried voice slowly came from the sky of the Medicine Clan, with a mighty momentum.

txt download address:

phone-reading: