Chapter Vol 4 984: Headless blood!

"Boom!" As the voice of the guardian of Blood River Town fell, the sky was filled with an extremely terrifying smell of gunpowder!

The strong disciples of the major sects who were present knew that once they entered the blood river, they would become real opponents.

"We will enter the blood river later. The eleven of us must be connected by breath, otherwise we will be randomly teleported away."

"And if we were unfortunate enough to teleport immediately, then gather outside the center on the second floor." Mu Tianyuan watched someone pouring into the river of blood, but did not leave immediately, and instructed Xiao Yan and his group.

It was the first time for Xiao Yan and his group to enter, so naturally they had to give some instructions.

"I don't know how we can leave?"

"Returning the same way?" Xiao Yan nodded and asked immediately.

"In the center of the blood river, there is a teleportation formation. Where is the final battlefield, if it is there, I am afraid it will be the last lore for us and the Xuanling royal family." Mu Tianyuan said.

"In the river of blood, does it matter whether you live or die?" Xiao Yan asked in Zaidu.

"right."

"As long as you have enough strength." Although he didn't know why Xiao Yan asked, Mu Tianyuan still said.

However, Mu Tianyuan still had some expectations in his heart. Although this little junior brother was only in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, he seemed to have the power to fight against the Xuanling Royal Family, so Mu Tianyuan also had some expectations for Zhan Ji.

"As for Lingxuan, Qinxin, Mufeng, and you, you are responsible for taking your junior and junior brothers to practice in the first floor. They stayed for about the same time. When you rush to the second floor, you must also be careful. Among the Xuanling royal family. In addition to the Four Heavenly Congregation, there are also many powerful disciples." Seeing that Xiao Yan and the others were silent, Mu Tianyuan said to the others around him.

"Master, don't worry, we will try our best to avoid conflict with the Xuanling royal family, and join you as soon as possible." Qin Xin said.

The blood river is divided into the first floor and the second floor. Many precious treasures are on the second floor. Although entering the first floor is a step slower than those who enter the second floor, who makes oneself weak?

And the exit is in the core area of ​​the second floor, so whether it is the first floor or the second floor disciples, they are all rushing towards the second floor.

"Yep."

"Let's go too!" Mu Tianyuan glanced at the bright-eyed disciple behind him and said.

After Mu Tianyuan finished speaking, he took a group of eleven people directly, turned into a meteor, and swept toward the huge vortex in the sky.

"Fenxiangge disciple, follow me into the river of blood!" Just when Mu Tianyuan and everyone disappeared, a serious look appeared on Lingxuan's pretty face beside him. The hippie smiling face of the past disappeared, replaced by a dignified look, she knew that she heavy responsibilities.

"It's alright, there's still us." Qinxin seemed to sense Lingxuan's anxiety, and her jade hand directly held onto her fragrant shoulder and said.

"Let's go!" With Qinxin's hand in hand, Ling Xuan's tense mind immediately relaxed a little, and then as many as 400 disciples turned into meteors and swept into the vortex of space!

"Xiao Yan, this time it's up to you."

"Although the Xuanling Royal Family is powerful, I believe you won't let us down." At the burning incense station, Zhu Jin's eyes were also moist as he looked at the disappearing burning incense pavilion and said.

……

The dark darkness, accompanied by a spooky and eerie aura, reverberated in this land for a long time, and in that eerie and eerie darkness, there seemed to be some masculine and pure auras, they were struggling to support, as if they were holding on. what.

In the endless darkness, there will occasionally be some deafening roars, but these roars have completely dissipated the mind, only the endless ** of murder and bloodthirsty.

Not long after, in the dark darkness, the sound of breaking wind slowly sounded, and then figures appeared out of thin air.

"This...is it the Blood River?" A hoarse voice sounded slowly.

"This should be the second floor of the Blood River." Another voice spoke up.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Xiao Yi?"

"Where are the others?" After a few minutes, the eyes of several people adjusted to the darkness here, and then a silver bell-like voice sounded.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Senior Yanchi, Mu Yingying?" Xiao Yan also took a closer look, and suddenly realized that there were only the four of them here.

"It seems that it was immediately teleported away by this mysterious formation." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Only the four of us..."

"I hope Big Brother and the others have good luck." Mu Yingying said slightly.

"Don't worry, the teleportation of this formation is random, so they won't encounter the Xuanling royal family so early."

"Now that we are separated, it's just right, let's go to that place first." Yan Chi said.

"That place?" Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi suddenly became puzzled when they heard the words.

"I was captured by the Xuanling royal family in the blood river."

"It's strange to say that, the Xuanling royal family's familiarity with the blood river is probably not as good as that of the guardian just now." Yan Chi shook his head and said, but he wanted to continue, but his peace was broken by other things.

"Gulugulu." Just as Yan Chi was speaking, in front of the four of them, a dark air mass attacked them directly.

"I'm coming!" Just when Xiao Yan was about to act, Xiao Yi's voice sounded.

"Huhuhu!" Xiao Yi flickered, and as many as twenty-three kinds of gorgeous flames appeared on her body, directly annihilating the dark air mass in an instant.

"The flame on this little guy is really strange." Yan Chi's eyes were sharp, and naturally he found something wrong with the flame on Xiao Yi.

However, Xiao Yan is also quite helpless. The flame on Xiao Yi is indeed evolved from his own Emperor Yan, but now the nature of the Emperor Yan on Xiao Yan and the flame on Xiao Yi are different. This is what makes Xiao Yan the most Incomprehensible.

"The fire elves are similar to our holy flames, but they are not the same kind."

"I don't know the specifics about the fire elves, but there should be the base camp of the fire elves in other places. I think the spirituality of the fire elves in your brother has not been fully opened. If you have time, you can take it to the fire elves. I believe With these things on it, it has a very good status among the fire elves." Yan Chi said.

"Fire elves?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan felt a little dizzy. This fire elves is a rare thing in the world, and it can almost be compared with the holy flame. If there is a race for this kind of thing, is it still amazing?

"Be careful, there is a big guy coming..." Just when Xiao Yan was confused, Xiao Yi said to the three of them softly.

Hearing the words, the three of them hid their breath secretly, and then looked up, a huge monster with a height of several dozen meters and terribly strong muscles appeared in everyone's sight.

"It's actually a headless ghost..."

"It's troublesome now..."

"Looking at the level of ghost qi on this guy, I'm afraid he has the power to fight against the perfect human seven-star Dou Emperor, not to mention that this place is still full of ghost qi..." Yan Chi's voice on the side became solemn.