Chapter Vol 2 793: tyrannical emperor leopard

"Damn human!"

"Do you still dare to come?" An angry shout, accompanied by the sound of landslides and fissures, slowly sounded underground!

"Hehe, Emperor Leopard, why are you so angry?"

"Isn't it okay to sit down and say something calmly?" Facing the Emperor Leopard's powerful aura that was as powerful as an eight-star Dou Emperor, the aura suddenly burst out, and he said without fear at all.

"What a strong breath." Xiao Yan was extremely surprised. Although he had the defense of hating the old monster, he was shocked by the breath of the emperor leopard. The breath of the emperor leopard was like a vast ocean, which made people shudder. With the Leopard's influence, Xiao Yan coughed violently.

The breath of an eight-star Dou Emperor who is a complete powerhouse is still too reluctant for Xiao Yan, who is now a six-star Dou Emperor who is consummate.

"asshole!"

"Hate the old monster, if this emperor breaks free from this bondage, this emperor will dig out your heart to thank me for the hatred in my heart!" Emperor Leopard shouted.

The next moment, Xiao Yan saw that a huge figure appeared out of thin air, and the hill pointed by the finger of the hated old monster actually stood up and turned into an emperor leopard!

The imperial leopard has a slender body, and the snow-white leopard prints reveal a terrifying aura invisibly. There is a huge white leopard print on the forehead. If you look closely, there are actually eight extremely snow-white leopard prints. , This impressively demonstrates its current strength!

Ba Dao, it symbolizes that the strength of this emperor leopard today is the perfection of the eight-star fighting emperor!

If there is a ninth path, it will undoubtedly show that the strength of the emperor leopard has reached the nine-star fighting emperor!

However, the anger of the emperor leopard turned into anger, but the body of several dozen feet did not move, as if it was imprisoned by something.

"What's wrong with this guy..." Xiao Yan felt the terrifying strength of the Emperor Leopard, and immediately said, but the next moment Xiao Yan turned his attention to the abdomen of the Emperor Leopard, he saw that the powerful limbs of the Emperor Leopard were covered by something Bind up!

At first glance, it turned out to be a silver-white vindictive restraint!

Rather than saying that it is the restraint of fighting qi, it is more suitable to say that the restraint of the power of life is more suitable!

"What a terrifying restraint." Xiao Yan stared at the substantial silver-white force of life restraint, and immediately muttered, even with Xiao Yan's current concentration and strength, he immediately felt some vigilance.

If he was bound by that silver-white life force, he would probably end up not much different from the Emperor Leopard.

"You see."

"It's this guy, all you need to do is buy a minute for me, and you don't have to worry about the rest."

"After this is done, I will tell you everything I know about this relic, including the fighting spirit and the fact that the power of life cannot be born in your body." At this time, a dazzling power of life appeared on the body of the hated old monster. , said solemnly, obviously facing the Emperor Leopard, even with his strength in the early days of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, he was still troubled.

"This guy's strength is too terrifying." Xiao Yan also said in a low voice, even Xiao Yan wouldn't dare to face the enemy with a complete level of Eight-Star Dou Emperor.

"Boy, this is the biggest concession I can make. If you're with your mother-in-law, then you can't blame me."

"I think you're also a smart person. If you don't do anything, and you want to gain anything from me, I advise you to get rid of this idea as soon as possible." The old hater snorted coldly, obviously a little dissatisfied with Xiao Yan.

"I know, I will do my best." Faced with the words of hating the old monster, Xiao Yan naturally couldn't care less about him.

"And I'm not afraid to tell you that the restraint of the power of life at the foot of the Emperor Leopard was set by me. In order to get that thing, I didn't lose my power."

"and……"

"This emperor leopard has almost zero defense against soul power, so..." It seems that Xiao Yan agreed to cooperate, and the hated old monster also showed some sincerity.

"Really?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this. If the Emperor Leopard's defense against soul power was almost zero, this matter would be easy to handle.

"It's absolutely true." With a cold snort, he hated the old monster.

"Humph!"

"You hate the old monster, for thousands of years, you can't help me, and now you're here to die with a six-star Dou Emperor consummate human being?"

"Although I was tricked by you in person, my current strength can get stronger and stronger, and if I have some time, I'm afraid you won't be able to trap me anymore." The Emperor Leopard's fierce eyes stared fiercely at the hated old man. Strange, he obviously wanted to slash him with a thousand knives. As for Xiao Yan, he was automatically ignored by the Emperor Leopard. After all, a human with a perfect six-star Dou Emperor, the Emperor Leopard could instantly kill him.

"I was actually underestimated..."

"But that's fine, it's good for my actions." Xiao Yan noticed that the Emperor Leopard was ignoring him, and immediately shrugged his shoulders slightly, but the soul power in his body bypassed the perception of the Emperor Leopard, and then slowly condensed, its condensed The rising soul power is even more terrifying than Huang Quantian's anger!

"I see that you are itchy!"

"Look at the trick!" The hated old monster realized that Xiao Yan was mobilizing his soul power, and immediately took action to cover up for Xiao Yan.

"Old guy!" The Emperor Leopard snorted coldly, and immediately eight snow-white leopard prints appeared directly on the forehead, and then slammed into the roaring old hater!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying fluctuations of the eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouses dissipated in an instant. This short blow seemed to be flat, but the hated old monster knew that the strength of the emperor leopard had become stronger again. Will not be its opponent!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"These two guys, hate that the old monster is the power of life of the water attribute. Judging from its strength, I am afraid it is enough to be the power of life of the seventh rank. As for the emperor leopard, this guy is clearly of the ice attribute. Attribute and water attribute, this is a bit of a lively look..." Xiao Yan mobilized his soul power while observing the battle between the two!

It is said that the six-star Dou Emperor qi will give birth to the power of life, while the seven-star Dou Emperor will give birth to the force attribute. As for what the Eight-star Dou Emperor possesses, Xiao Yan is more curious.

"Ha ha!"

"I hate the old monster. I can't believe that after so many years, your strength has not increased but decreased!"

"It seems that God really helped me!"

"This time, since you're here, don't go back!" After the Emperor Leopard finished speaking, the eight leopard prints on his forehead suddenly radiated an extremely dazzling light!

With the flickering of this dazzling light, the hated old monster suddenly realized something, and then looked at the places under the emperor's leopard's feet that bound his body, but found that a sound like ice breaking suddenly sounded!

"It's troublesome now!" Seeing this, the hated old monster felt a bit of solemnity in his heart!

At the beginning, it cost a lot to restrain the Emperor Leopard. The Emperor Leopard's strength is too tyrannical. Even if it is restrained, there is no certainty of victory if hating the old monster. There is no way!

"Can't let it break free!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's surprised voice sounded instantly!

Xiao Yan knew that if the Emperor Leopard was freed from the bondage, the only thing waiting for the two of them would be death.

The powerhouse of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor Consummation is so terrifying!

Ask for tickets!