Chapter 562: Akira 圣 Flame!

"What's the sound?" Mu Yingying was shocked, her breath suddenly soared to the limit, and she stared at this space!

"Buzz!" When Mu Yingying was surprised, the blue holy flame beside her became vigilant against the black energy above the stake!

"Is it here?" After all, Mu Yingying and Sheng Yan were in the same mind. Seeing this, Mu Yingying also knew the source of the voice.

"This wooden stake seems to have an extraordinary origin, but how can there be such a terrifying thing on the wooden stake..." Mu Yingyingbei's lips moved slightly, but her pupils were turning quickly, staring at the black shadow on the wooden stake. gas.

"Sisi!" The black qi above the wooden stake seemed to have noticed that Mu Yingying had entered without authorization, and immediately a black ripple of fighting qi spread out from it, and attacked Mu Yingying in an instant!

"It's too much!" Mu Yingying snorted coldly, pouted her arrogant forehead, and stared at the trace of blackness with her beautiful eyes!

Mu Yingying is quite confident in the power of this holy flame in herself, and holy flame has been the nemesis of foreign evil races since ancient times.

"Sisi!" When the trace of black qi came to Mu Yingying's side, the blue holy flame on Mu Yingying's body immediately became restless, and then turned into a huge mouth with a ferocious expression, directly pouring the black qi into the body of Mu Yingying. Devour it all!

"Susu..." At the same moment, the strange black energy suspended above the wooden stakes turned slightly and glared at Mu Yingying!

"Go!" Mu Yingying didn't hesitate, the power of the azure-blue holy flame instantly soared, and then the figure exploded, and above the jade hand, an extremely bright holy flame power suddenly attacked the black energy!

"This is actually... Holy Flame?" An exclamation suddenly emerged from the black air!

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, the power of the dazzling holy flame in Mu Yingying's hand suddenly collided with the black energy!

The next moment, the strange evil black qi suddenly escaped from the wooden stake!

Because this black qi knew that although the strength of the woman in front of her was only in the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, but with the addition of Holy Flame, she could already kill herself, so she did not dare to take it lightly.

"Thank you..." The black air above the stake escaped, and then revealed the true face of the thing on the stake!

It was a fiery red dazzling crystal the size of a thumb. The whole body of the crystal was irregular, exuding a strange aura, but it was dim and dull. Mu Yingying felt a joy when she saw this crystal!

"This is…"

"Holy Flame Crystal?" Mu Yingying was slightly surprised, then stared at the thumb-sized crystal in front of her.

As the so-called holy flame crystal, it is the exclusive item of holy flame.

For every holy flame, there are two kinds of things: holy flame soul seed and holy flame crystal!

Holy flame soul seed is the root of holy flame, because every holy flame is a creature with extremely high intelligence. As for this holy flame in Mu Yingying's body, it seems that it is different from others because of some states. Otherwise, each holy flame exists independently!

And the Holy Flame Soul Seed can be said to be the root of the Holy Flame!

Because once the holy flame soul species leaves the holy flame, then the holy flame is transformed into a machine that only knows **** for people to drive!

Then there is the Holy Flame Crystal!

In order to obtain the Holy Flame, one must obtain the Holy Flame Crystal or the approval of the Holy Flame Soul Seed!

Holy Flame Crystal! Holy Flame Soul Seed! The existence of the two can truly be called holy flame!

"I can't think of the existence of holy flames in this desert mountain range... No wonder I always feel that something is calling me..."

"It turned out to be the power of holy flame..." Mu Yingying shook her head.

"Susu..."

"Who are you and why do you have holy flame?" Just as Mu Yingying slowly stared at the holy flame crystal, the black air mass separated from the holy flame crystal evilly said!

It is the powerhouse of the dignified Blood Demon clan. When the Mad Wood Immortal Master here fought against the powerhouses in their clan, it finally found this holy flame crystal, and through a special method, it will devour this holy flame crystal right now. Unexpectedly, Mu Yingying appeared.

"who I am?"

"I am the one who killed your extraterritorial evil clan." Mu Yingying said lightly, but she looked at this black qi extremely sharply in her eyes!

"Insanity!"

"You can also destroy my foreign evil race?"

"It's too stupid to talk about a dream!"

"Susu!" A disdainful voice suddenly emanated from the black air mass!

"Don't...wasting time with it...Save me..." An intermittent voice slowly emanated from the holy flame crystal suspended on the stake!

"Holy Flame Crystal has been eroded so badly..." Mu Yingying sighed slightly, her eyes flashing with a hint of solemnity, and then she bit her silver teeth and slowly pulled out an identical blue crystal from her bosom.

As soon as the azure crystal appeared, Mu Yingying's whole body's breath rose slightly.

"Don't talk, I'll help you get rid of the evil power in your body first, otherwise you will be controlled!" Mu Yingying gritted her teeth. Right now, the power of the black air mass of this extraterritorial evil clan is unknown, and this holy flame crystal is also eroded. It's too serious, if you don't solve it as soon as possible, I'm afraid it will change later!

"Snort!" The azure-blue Saint Flame Crystal appeared in Mu Yingying's hand, and the space immediately trembled, as if she was quite afraid of Mu Yingying's holy flame power!

"Which one is the holy flame on this woman's body, and how can its power be so terrifying?"

"Saint Yan, who is ranked in the thirties, can make many of us outsiders quite fear, and even has the power to kill us. If is ranked in the top 20... that would be... "After the black air mass finished speaking, there was a sudden movement!

"I can't let this woman drive away the evil power of Sheng Yanjing!"

"After so many years, I have tried countless methods to erode such a little bit. If it is such a waste of time..." After speaking, a **** aura erupted from the black qi, which was close to Mu Yingying!

"give it to you!"

"I'll deal with him!" Mu Yingying put the azure-blue holy flame crystal in her hand on the stake, and then spoke, apparently facing her own holy flame crystal.

"Weng buzzing!" The azure holy flame crystal seemed to hear Mu Yingying's words, and immediately let out a happy voice, as if saying leave it to me!

Seeing this, the fiery red Saint Flame Crystal, which was about to fade away, moved slightly, trying to approach the azure Holy Flame Crystal, and used that dazzling power to dispel the evil power from his body!

"Little girl, it's too late to quit now... Otherwise, die!" A voice that shot straight into the sky suddenly burst out from the black air!

"I think it's you who died, right?" After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she covered herself with azure flames, and then slowly condensed into a crystal blue battle armor.

Above the battle armor, a strong aura that shook the world slowly emerged!

"Damn, such a strong breath..." The black air mass slowly spoke, and a dignified expression emerged in my heart!

This woman's grasp of the holy flame is so tyrannical!

Saint Flame Congealing Armor, this is the means to deal with their extraterritorial evil race!

The battle armor condensed by this holy flame, I am afraid that with the current self, it is impossible to defeat it in a short time.

"Hey, I can only forget it... I'm not reconciled." The black air mass said slightly hesitantly. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: