Chapter Vol 4 1308: Mercenary Union Pastoral!

A month passed in a blink of an eye. During this month, Yu Ran Ran and Liu Qing’s two daughters came to Xiao Yan several times. Obviously, they had something to discuss with Xiao Yan, but they looked at the tyrannical outside Xiao Yan’s residence. The two of them could vaguely guess that Xiao Yan should be in retreat, so he didn't bother, otherwise, if he bothered Xiao Yan rashly, he would probably make Xiao Yan go crazy.

"Sister, do you think Big Brother Xiao Yan can make the top three?" Yu Weiyu asked with her hand on her chin above the pavilion.

Since Yu Ran came to the Thunder Realm, Yu Ran Ran has been strictly controlled by Yu Ran Ran, and Yu Ran Ran is almost in her room. The reason is that Yu Ran Ran gave Yu Ran some tyrannical martial arts and fighting skills, which led to The rain closed the door slightly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hope is great, but this time there are a lot of strong people in the top twenty-five, and they are too strong. Even me, I don't have much chance of winning the top ten." Yu Ran Ran shook her head slightly.

"No, elder sister, you are so powerful..." Yuwei hurriedly comforted after hearing this.

"Weng Om." While the two women were talking, the figures of Liu Qing and Du Qifei slowly appeared outside the pavilion.

"What a coincidence." Seeing this, Duo Qifei hurried up and greeted the two daughters Yu Ran Ran.

"You are also looking for Big Brother Xiao Yan?" Yuwei naturally didn't know the details of Liu Qing and Du Qifei, but seeing that she had a close relationship with her sister, she couldn't help asking, and the road was not far away. , is Xiao Yan's residence, he asked immediately.

"Wei'er, you can go back. Today is the day for the top 25 competition. I have nothing to do with you for the time being. I will let you play well in the second stage." Yu Ran Ran smiled and touched Yu Wei's forehead.

"En." Yuwei nodded lightly and then went back.

"Let's go too." Yu Ran said softly, and immediately headed towards Xiao Yan's residence.

The three women walked side by side facing Xiao Yan's residence, which made many disciples around them look envious. After all, the three women's looks were the best choice.

"I was going to find you guys." The three girls just moved for a while when Xiao Yan's hearty laughter burst out.

"You can be considered to be out of the customs. If you do not, I am afraid that the competition for the top twenty-five can only be regarded as abstention." Du Qifei laughed.

"This is also impossible."

"I got some feelings from the competition, so I took advantage of the one-month break to retreat." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly.

"Let's go." The next moment, Xiao Yan said with a smile, and then the three of them teleported to the space and left.

"Crash!" After a while, the four figures gathered in the deserted arena.

"Humph."

"Which guy is this blind guy?"

"I wonder if Miss Qifei is our son's favorite person..."

"To come so close... Can't you find death?" Xiao Yan's team of one man and three women had just arrived in the arena, and immediately attracted envious and hateful eyes from the surrounding people.

"It's really a disaster..." Xiao Yan glanced at the three girls unintentionally, and found that the three girls had their own characteristics, but he didn't notice what the people around them were talking about.

"Hey, Xiao Yan." The next moment, Duo Qifei glanced around and suddenly saw some acquaintances, including Fenghua Valley's Fengyu's own Spider Li from the Six Holy Religion, and then came to Xiao Yan's side and made an extremely Intimate action.

Everyone saw Du Qi Feiyu gently covering Cherry's mouth, and then whispered in Xiao Yan's ear, "Did you see that guy?"

"That guy is very annoying. Could you give me a shield for a while, and the benefits will be yours after the fact."

"Oh?" Xiao Yan heard the words and looked up immediately, and what caught his eye was a man with a violent aura.

The man was dressed in a military uniform, and on top of that face, there were tiny scars. At first glance, he knew that he was a strong man who walked on the edge of life and death all year round.

"Hello, Mercenary Union Pastoral Song." Before Xiao Yan could react, seeing Du Qifei looking like this towards Xiao Yan, the man walked over directly to Xiao Yan, then stretched out his palm, trying to talk to him. Xiao Yan shook hands, but Xiao Yan sensed a trace of anger.

"Xiao Yan." The soldiers came to block the water and cover up, but Xiao Yan helplessly stretched out his hand and grasped it.

"Shabu Shabu!" The palms of the two just touched, and in the arena, a fierce wind suddenly emerged from the two of them. Obviously, the two were shaking hands on the surface, but in fact, they were secretly fighting behind their backs. .

"Damn... This kid's strength doesn't seem to be simple..." Mu Ge was slightly surprised. His strength has reached the perfection of the two-star Dou Xian, and even the strongest of the younger generation in the entire Leicheng, now Facing Xiao Yan, he actually felt an unfathomable feeling from Xiao Yan, which was something that had never happened before.

"This guy, such a terrifying power." Feeling the force that was constantly emitting from his palm, Xiao Yan didn't step back, and directly confronted him.

"Let go." Duo Qifei couldn't help but said coquettishly, as if seeing Xiao Yan and Mu Ge's palms clasped tightly for a while and there was no sign of separation.

"Fei'er, long time no see." Du Qifei said as soon as he finished speaking, the two of them retracted their palms at the same time, and Mu Ge also scratched his head and said.

"Humph."

"The game is about to start, you should play well." Du Qifei said directly with slight dissatisfaction.

This madrigal is the most outstanding genius in the mercenary trade union. Relying on his excellent talent and strength, he has used the power of the mercenary trade union to propose marriage to his father several times. Fortunately, his father did not agree, but he expressed his admiration for him all day long. , making Du Qifei extremely depressed.

"Hey, it's really early for you all to come today." Just when Du Qifei and Mu Ge were evenly matched, Du Tianfeng's voice slowly fell.

"Starting today, the twenty-five people you are present will compete for the top twelve one by one." Duan Tianfeng said.

"Top 12? Twenty-five?"

"What if there is one more person?" A strong man muttered a few times.

"In the top 25 competition, there are a total of 12 duels, and there is only one person left. Naturally, they fail to advance directly and tie for the top 12."

"I don't know who would be so lucky." Duan Tianfeng said with a smile.

"let's start."

"The strong people here today are all strong people with good strength, so I think every game will be very exciting at this time." The contestants on the side couldn't help but said.

"In that case, let's get started."

"This time, the competition is still mainly based on drawing lots." As soon as Du Tianfeng finished speaking, the wooden box for drawing lots immediately appeared.

"Let's go." He said hello to Yu Ran Ran, and they immediately headed towards the draw.

"I'm Blue No. 1..." After a while, Xiao Yan and Yu Ran Ran suddenly returned to the distance, with a note in their palms.

"Xiao Yan, what number are you?" Seeing that Yu Ran Ran was actually number one, Duo Qifei was also curious.

"I'm a bye..." Xiao Yan helplessly flipped out the note.

"..." The three women heard the words, and their heads were covered with black lines. They never imagined that such a terrifying guy like Xiao Yan would be so lucky.

"Next... there are contestants who are also No. 1 please enter." After a while, Du Tianfeng's voice slowly emerged.

. Mobile version update fastest URL