Chapter Vol 4 2072: The quasi-holy prescription in the medicine tower!

Latest website: On the altar mountain, there is an ancient medicine tower bathed in countless golden threads. The overall shape is like a giant tower that reaches the sky, reaching a height of several hundred meters. The glittering is quite dazzling, but there is another mystery inside, which cannot be seen.

At this time, thousands of refining pharmacists have filed in the inside of the medicine tower. Naturally, the strong outsiders cannot spy on the mysteries, so they can only sit quietly on the altar mountain and wait.

On the seats of the ancient five clans and some powerhouses, the corners of the mouths of those old guys all showed a dangerous arc. Obviously, the name of Xiao Yan has been lingering in their hearts. If this guy has no support, Then after this grand ceremony, no matter what you say, it will be broken here, but if there is a huge backer behind him, I am afraid it will be another story.

"I hope you don't have any malicious intentions." Xun'er obviously noticed the bad eyes in the eyes of the old people around, but she ignored it, looking forward to it, and after a while, she closed and sat up quietly, waiting for Xiao inflammation.

For the ancients, even after the fierce battle at the level of the alien race just now, its strength and vitality have not been lost much, and it is still enough to compete with all the strong sects here, even if it is tyrannical. Like the Medicine Clan, the Ancient Clan's strength is comparable to them. This is the true heritage of the Ancient Clan.

in the medicine tower.

As soon as he stepped into this place, he suddenly watched hundreds of silhouettes go towards the upper floor of the medicine tower without stopping, but Xiao Yan did not act rashly. The whole person actually became extremely light, standing here like a feather.

Xiao Yan's soul is extremely powerful. He just stepped into this place and he naturally noticed that there are five levels of the medicine tower. Except for the fourth level, there are some medicines at the seventh grade of the Immortal Rank, and only the last level has a terrifying power to attract. With Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan vaguely felt that the fifth floor was probably the real highlight of the medicine tower, and the fifth floor of the five-storey medicine tower was guarded by an extremely thick force. I have reached the soul power of Yuanyuan Realm, so I want to give it a try.

"This guy is actually sensing the structure in the depths of the medicine tower?" The elders of many high-level medicine clan leaders on the altar mountain couldn't help but muttered when they saw Xiao Yan's actions.

Although the medicine tower in front of it is only an energy tower built at zero time, it also has five layers, each layer is filled with dozens of medicinal herbs, and each step across one layer goes to the next layer, The level of difficulty is outrageous!

"This kid is really good." At this moment, Yao Wan, who was always quiet, finally decided something and said to Yao Xuanyi who was beside him.

Soul power can only be qualified to condense the spiritual palace after stepping into the fairyland. After condensing the spiritual palace, the number of layers of the spiritual palace determines the limit of its soul power in the future, and then it is Taixu, Huayuan, Shenyou before, middle and late stage, three. The realm of the ninth level.

Undoubtedly, according to Xiao Yan's breaking through the soul stone just now, coupled with such a sharp method, Yao Wan has confirmed that Xiao Yan's soul power has stepped into the Yuanyuan realm!

Huayuanjing!

So at least it means that Xiao Yan's spiritual palace has ignited the fourth floor?

And the spiritual palace built by it is at least five layers or even higher!

You must know that the patriarch of the dignified medicine clan only built the eight-story spiritual palace, and now Fang has only ignited the fifth-story spiritual palace, reaching the peak of the middle period of Huayuan. The ordinary guy in front of him is only a little bit away from him. ?

"Gulu..." The corners of Yao Wan's mouth became dry, and an extremely unspeakable horror emerged in his heart.

He had exhausted countless resources of the Medicine Clan, and it was almost a thousand years before he paved the way for Yuan transformation. How did Xiao Yan cultivate?

Dangtang is only a hundred years old, so he has the soul power of Huayuan level?

How is this possible…

At the entrance of the medicine tower, the entrant looked at Xiao Yan's bizarre behavior. Although he was puzzled, he did not waste too much time on him. For this abnormal state, it only lasted for a few minutes, and a surging surging The power of the soul is like a tsunami wave, which is released from Xiao Yan, facing the core of the medicine tower, and sweeping away the fifth floor!

"Boom!" An indescribable coercion of the soul made many pharmacists who had been scattered on the first, second, third, and fourth floors of the medicine tower, kneel down without any hesitation, without any resistance in their hearts. force.

"What a terrifying coercion of the soul, where is this guy sacred?" At this moment, the countless alchemists who were quietly kneeling and kneeling couldn't help but wonder in their hearts.

If it was a coincidence that Xiao Yan won the first place in the first round of the soul test just now, could it be that now, countless rumors are self-defeating.

"Hoohoho!" Just when these guys were afraid, a soft halo emerged on the fifth floor of the medicine tower. It was like an ancient ripple, forming a silver soul on the top of the medicine tower. In the storm, in the storm, a silver dragon was looming, its huge dragon eyes flashed with a rather bloodthirsty gloomy aura, staring at Xiao Yan, and the endless killing intent was venting!

And just when this silver dragon was formed, a coercion from heaven and earth descended, making the bodies of countless strong people present involuntarily tense up, and the space in the medicine tower slowly became distorted and uneasy. It seems that it is the real master of the medicine tower. Once any strong person tries to covet the medicine in the fifth floor, it will kill it mercilessly.

"Good guy, the ambition is not small."

"I actually want to think of this recipe." At this moment, Yao Yichen, who was on the fourth floor, snorted coldly and stood up against the incomparable pressure of his soul, his eyes kept on the silver dragon and Xiao Yan. Rotate back and forth.

"Brother Yao, what exactly is the prescription on the fifth floor?" Hearing Yao Yichen's voice, Shi Wushuang and the others from the surrounding Stone Clan couldn't help but ask.

The prescriptions stored in the fourth floor of the medicine tower have reached the seventh-grade earth level of the immortal rank, the peak level of the heavenly rank, and the fifth floor, which is deeper, I am afraid...

"On the fifth floor, there is only one volume of quasi-sage-level prescriptions, and no one can obtain it after hundreds of grand ceremonies." Although Yao Yichen didn't want to admit it, Yao Yichen could only slowly shake his head, and then confided softly, the voice There was a faint trace of envy in it.

Even with his soul at the peak of the Void Realm, he couldn't have enough courage to touch the quasi-sacred prescription.

If you want to refine a holy pill, half-step or quasi-metamorphic soul power is the minimum standard. If you don’t reach it, you will just kill yourself if you do it rashly. Bloody lesson.

"This guy, are you really not afraid of killing himself?" Shen Hong roared, his eyes were scarlet, and he was dissatisfied with Xiao Yan's attention to the entire ceremony.

"Hehe, there are some people in UU reading www.uukanshu.com, don't say some slander here, if you are not afraid, go ahead and compete with the silver dragon, the guardian of the fifth floor, as long as you can defeat the silver dragon, I am afraid you have already won. half of the test."

"If you don't have that ability, you'd better keep your mouth shut." Ling Zixi said mercilessly. With the protection of the Spirit Clan, she was naturally not afraid of Xiyue Sect, and from the beginning, everyone Can you sense that Ling Zixi seems to be helping Xiao Yan?

"What if he succeeded in obtaining that volume of the only quasi-sacred prescription?"

"Isn't it so easy to obtain quasi-holy prescriptions?"

"And whether he can collect all the medicinal materials in the medicine valley and whether he can successfully refine it is also unknown."

"Let's see." As soon as the voice fell, the depression caused by the pressure of the soul slowly disappeared, and Xiao Yan's body was also pulled by the silver dragon, and it fell into the fifth floor of the medicine tower.

No one knew Xiao Yan's life and death, but from the fifth floor of the medicine tower, violent ripples of soul energy were heard from time to time, indicating that Xiao Yan and the silver dragon were indistinguishable.