Chapter Vol 4 1231: Master and servant meet again!

"What is this..." The dark devil's black aura was not only filled with ghost energy, but also an extremely evil aura, which was devoured by waves of soul-devouring talismans generated by the Soul Eater Lord. The power of the man felt fearful, and it turned out to make the dark demons feel vaguely uneasy!

You must know that his Dark Demon is a believer under the Dark Demon Lord, and his strength has reached the level of a four-star Fighting Immortal, but even so, he felt a fear of death on the illusory figure in front of him.

"not good!"

"Run!" At the next moment, the Dark Demon didn't dare to stay, he just slid away and disappeared. He knew that if he didn't run away, I'm afraid this trace of power would be instantly submerged in the suction of the Soul Eater Talisman. Down.

On the second floor of Icefire Island, in the dark space where the Dark Demon was imprisoned, the Dark Demon's soul power gradually returned to the body, and then his face was extremely ugly, and he couldn't help but said: "The fluctuation just now is the highest. Are you..."

What can make him feel uneasy with the strength of the four-star fighting immortal level, I am afraid that only the three words of the highest can be used to describe it. After all, the dark demons have only felt this fluctuation from the dark demons.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And the so-called supreme beings are the powerhouses standing at the top of the Great Thousand World Pyramid.

"Eater... Soul Eater?" The Earth Ape watched the Dark Demon's black energy dissipate instantly, and then looked away with some difficulty, looking at the illusory figure standing beside Xiao Yan, constantly releasing a mysterious power.

From above, the Earth Monkey felt a real coercion from heaven and earth!

"Bang Bang Bang!" The next moment, the soul power of this earth ape also dissipated instantly.

"It turns out to be the Lord of Soul Eater, isn't this guy the Lord of Soul Eater Domain... It is said that the last time he was obliterated by the Lord of Li Soul, how could it be..." The Earth Monkey in the third floor couldn't help muttering. .

"Lord... The ghost son is late for the rescue, I hope the master is not to blame." And the two black qi of the dark demon and the earth ape were directly shaken by the terrifying pressure of the soul eater, and the next moment, a dazzling soul force , pierced through the protection of the layers of ice and fire islands, and directly descended into the eighth layer of space.

"Ghost, you'll be fine." The Master of Soul Eater smiled slowly when he saw this touch of soul power.

"This is not the place to talk."

"Lord, please come with me." When the ghostly soul came to the eighth floor, it was only a trace of soul power, but with the help of the ghostly soul's understanding of the Ice and Fire Island, coupled with the sky-reaching ability of the soul eater, the two naturally It is easy to bypass all the guardians and come to the first floor of Ice and Fire Island where Ghost Son is sealed!

"Senior, this..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask when he saw that he had come to the bottom of Icefire Island so easily.

"Call me master in the future." The Soul Eater seemed to have made a decision, and then spoke slowly.

"Master... Lord..." But the ghostly soul who was leading the way in front of him heard the words, but his heart was shocked.

His ghost son has followed the Master of Soul Eater since he was a child. It can be said without hesitation that the Lord of Soul Eater can have the position of the Lord of the current Soul Eater Domain because of his talent and temperament.

However, the Master of Soul Eater was extremely proud in his life. Even after several reincarnations, he only accepted three disciples, and those three disciples were accepted by the Master of Soul Eater inadvertently. How can there be such a relationship with Xiao now? A tone of discussion.

"Yes, Master." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded secretly, but he didn't know the shock in Gloomy Soul's mind.

"Lord, it's here." After a while, the three walked into the brightly lit passage, and in a short while they came to the door of a magnificent palace.

Gloomy Soul Son's state is a ray of soul light, and even when he got to the place where he was imprisoned, he still didn't see his main body. Wouldn't the seal originally used to imprison the Six Star Fighting Immortal be normal?

"This master of the soul is really a good means, and he is willing to use the sixth-order immortal weapon 'Zhenshanhe' to imprison you!" And the illusory figure of the master of soul eaters floated in the air, looking outside the magnificent palace, a The invisible force of confinement in the circle couldn't help but get angry.

"Lord, don't be angry, I'm fine now."

"This sixth-order immortal weapon is enough to trap the six-star fighting immortal. I was indeed tortured in the past, but with the help of its effect, for so many years, my current strength has also broken through the five-star fighting immortal." Speak slowly.

"It's so good." The Lord of Soul Eater was filled with a hint of relief when he heard this.

"Five Star Fighting Immortals?"

"The sixth-order immortal weapon is enough to seal the six-star fighting immortal. The strength of this ghost son has reached the six-star fighting immortal?" At this time, Xiao Yan only felt a sense of dizziness.

According to Xiao Yan's guess, he originally thought that the Lord of Soul Eater was also a strong five-star or even a six-star Fighting Immortal, but this tyrannical six-star Fighting Immortal was only a confidant of the Lord of Soul Eater, which made Xiao Yan to fight against the Lord of Soul Eater. The strength of the Soul Lord can't help but look forward to it?

"Lord, since you disappeared back then, among the upper echelons of Soul Eater, many forces have rumored that you have fallen, trying to carve up the territory of Soul Eater's thousands of continents."

"And at that time, I happened to meet Master Fang Yanghao in seclusion and attack the realm."

"Master Hongzong has an active nature. Before your accident, he went out to travel in the seven realms and has not returned yet."

"With your disappearance, the Seven Courtyards that control the affairs of Soul Eater are also panicking and trying to take your place. Fortunately, Mr. Hao Ni'er took action in time, and the situation was stabilized. However, open and secret battles are also emerging one after another."

"For so many years, Lord Hao Ni'er has been struggling to support him alone." You Soulzi couldn't help saying.

"Yang Hao is too obsessed with cultivation, and Hongzong is naturally restless. After so many years, Ni Er has suffered." The Soul Eater heard the words and couldn't help but said, obviously his voice was filled with a sense of guilt.

"After the Lord of Souls defeated you, they made a comeback not long afterward. They seemed to be looking for something in our Soul Eater Domain, but in the end they didn't find it, and they attacked our Soul Eater Domain again."

"That time, many of our Soul Eater Domain were captured alive by the Master of Li Soul I also tried my best to protect Lord Hao Ni'er, so I was captured and detained in Li Soul. here."

"Strange to say, after the Lord of Li Hun captured us alive, he didn't mean to kill them all. Instead, he asked about the Soul Eater Talisman and your whereabouts." Gloomy Soul said slightly, but in that soul power, there was a hidden concern for Li Hun. The monstrous killing intent of the Lord.

"Haha, these years, you have really suffered."

"But don't worry, this time my Soul Eater is back, so it will be the end of their Li Soul Territory."

"What they did to our Soul Eater Domain, we will repay it tenfold and a hundredfold." The Lord of Soul Eater said in a repressed voice, his anger in a low voice seemed to have already been suppressed in his heart.

"My subordinates are waiting for the master's words."

"I believe that knowing the news of the master's survival, the entire Soul Eater Domain has become stronger." Ghost Soul said with a smile.

"This guy is a descendant of the Xiao clan, and I was plotted by the Master of Li Soul back then, hiding in the Soul Devouring Talisman to recuperate, and I got it by chance."

"But I always feel that when the Lord of Souls attacked our Soul Eater Domain, I'm afraid it wasn't just as simple as trying to **** my Soul Eater Talisman," said the Lord of Soul Eater.

"By the way, Lord, your current state is..." At the next moment, Gloomy Soul nodded, but remembered something, and said slowly.

"The current me, it should be regarded as a serious injury to my soul power, so I have lost a trace of my origin." The Lord of Soul Eater said regretfully.