Chapter Vol 2 762: remuneration

After Xiao Yan finished refining the medicinal pills, various places also resumed their own cultivation.

At this time, in a very hidden cave behind the Burning Incense Pavilion, Qin Xin's heart-piercing voice slowly resounded throughout the cave.

It's just that at this time the cave was clearly sealed by Qinxin, so the outsiders couldn't hear Qinxin's heart-piercing voice.

"Ah ah ah..."

"I do not want……"

"I can't fall down yet..."

"There are still so many things waiting for me." Qin Xin's beautiful eyes contained an extremely painful look, and the night on her cheeks exuded shocking pink.

However, at this time, Qinxin had bare her fragrant shoulders, and on top of her fragrant shoulders, a rather strange flower slowly exuded a deadly terrifying aura.

The entire cave is filled with an indescribable monstrous red color, and the source of this red emission comes from Qinxin's fragrant shoulders!

On Qin Xinxiang's shoulders, a red flower with a strange shape was beating slowly, as if it really existed, and the red flower contained an enormous power, I'm afraid that power is much stronger than the average Nine Star Dou Di.

"Stop for me!" Qin Xin's eyes were clearly emitting a chill because of the red flowers on the fragrant shoulders, and many beads of sweat were born.

"Susu!" The red flower seemed to be extremely spiritual, and the light dimmed the next moment.

As the red flowers faded, the cave returned to peace.

At this time, Qinxin sat on the ground with some difficulty, gasping for breath.

This has been countless times.

And Qinxin didn't know what the red flower on her shoulders was. She only vaguely knew that while the red flower could bring great power, it was also eating away at her vitality.

Let Xiao Yan refine the Xuanyin Pill in order to resist the red flower, otherwise every time the red flower erupts, it will bring Qinxin a huge physical and psychological fear.

"Damn!"

"What the **** is this?"

"With my experience and the power of my subordinates, no one actually knows about this." Qin Xin rested for a while, her complexion recovered slightly, she snorted coldly, and put on her clothes.

"I don't know how many times I can hold on like this." The next moment, Qin Xin shook her head hard and said, the pain caused by these red flowers cannot be described in words.

"I don't know if Xiao Yan has succeeded or not. I hope the Xuanyin Pill recorded in the secret book will be useful." Qinxin said slightly.

Obviously, he was looking forward to Xiao Yan's success. After all, he spent a lot of money to get the secret recipe. If he didn't even use the medicine pill, I'm afraid it would be really difficult to cure this thing on his body.

"It doesn't matter, go back and talk about it first." Qinxin adjusted her body, trying not to let others find her disordered breath, then she lifted her hand slightly, and a dazzling vitality emerged, and this cave just opened a small gap .

"It's been three days now, where did Qinxin go?" At this time, in the compound where Qinxin lived, Xiao Yan sat on the first place, slightly puzzled.

Since Xiao Yan finished refining the medicinal pill three days ago, he has been sitting here waiting. Three days have passed in a blink of an eye.

"Xiao Yan!" Qin Xin's movement was as fast as lightning, and she returned to her residence from the back mountain in a short time.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As soon as he returned to his residence, he saw Xiao Yan sitting in the first place with his eyes closed, and he immediately exclaimed.

Qin Xin could feel that Xiao Yan's breath was quite calm at this time. Obviously, this situation could not happen in a day or two. Thinking about it, Xiao Yan had already refined the medicinal pills and waited for him.

"It's finally here." Xiao Yan heard the words, opened his eyes slowly, and then said excitedly.

He made medicine pills for Qinxin himself. Although he secretly obtained the prescription and second medicinal materials of the Xuanyin Pill, in the final analysis, what Xiao Yan liked most was the medicinal materials he needed. Otherwise, although other things were precious, If it is not useful, it will undoubtedly reduce its value.

"Did you succeed?" Qin Xin said slightly, in disbelief.

Xuanyin Pill is the pinnacle of Emperor-Rank Second-Rank Human-level Pills. I am afraid that some old-fashioned alchemists will take two months or even three months to refine it. Unexpectedly, Xiao Yan succeeded in refining it in a month. This made Qinxin's impression on him deepen.

"Fortunately not to be humiliated." Xiao Yan was too lazy to talk nonsense, and said a word softly, and then the Xuanyin Pill standing on the table next to him rose straight up and walked towards Qinxin.

Qinxin is also a quick-witted person. She just saw the immortal medicinal pill on the table that was emitting alluring waves, and her eyes lit up.

Borrowing it casually, Qinxin suddenly felt that the medicinal pill in her hand, which was protected by a delicate jade, seemed to emit bursts of extremely bright fragrance.

"Pill pattern?" When Qinxin put her eyes on Xuanyin Pill, she suddenly shouted.

Danwen, this is only born when some extremely powerful alchemists are refining medicinal pills, and they are immediately overjoyed.

"I didn't expect that I really underestimated you before." Qin Xin casually played with the important Xuanyin Pill in her hand, and stared at Xiao Yan with great interest.

I don't know why, but Xiao Yan at this time seemed to be a bit stronger than before the one month before refining the medicine pill.

"How's it going?" Xiao Yan handed the medicinal pill to Qinxin at first, and did not rush her, but let the inspection go. After all, Xiao Yan had confidence in the medicinal pill he refined, so he was relieved to check.

Not long after, Xiao Yan saw Qin Xin's inspection, and immediately asked a question slightly.

"Such a young and promising second-rank emperor-rank pharmacist is really perverted." Facing Xiao Yan's question, Qin Xin slightly complained.

"Don't worry. The things I promise you will naturally count." Qin Xin finished speaking, slowly turning the ring on her hand that she knew about the Beyonder at a glance.

Following Qin Xin's actions, the air in the compound suddenly became colder, and Xiao Yan's eyes became hot.

"Well, this is the promised reward." The next moment, a wooden box appeared in Qin Xin's hand, and then said to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan heard the words took the wooden box and stroked it carefully.

Just touching it, a cold feeling came, but Xiao Yan didn't flinch at all, his eyes moved slightly, as if he wanted to open the box.

"Don't move, this thing is too strong, so it must be suppressed with the power of cold, otherwise you will only make this thing disappear." Seeing this, Qin Xin hurriedly spoke.

"I know."

"But..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he suddenly closed his eyes, and then an extremely terrifying power of flame and soul instantly wrapped around the wooden box.

"What is this guy doing?" Seeing this, Qin Xin was quite puzzled, but Xiao Yan was like this, using the power of soul and flame to check whether the contents in the wooden box were really what she needed.

"I didn't expect it to be the Gale Wind Treasure Fruit." After a while, Xiao Yan's gratified voice suddenly came out.

"It's a pleasure to contact you." Seeing this, Qin Xin said with satisfaction.

Although the value of the Galewind Treasure Fruit is extremely high, it is of no use to him, and Xiao Yan refined the Xuanyin Pill for himself, which is an equivalent exchange anyway.

"If that's the case, let's say goodbye."

"By the way, if there is any medicinal pill that needs to be refined in the future, remember to find me." Xiao Yan smiled slowly and then disappeared.

"Who would look for you, such a black heart." Qinxin said, she couldn't help but support her fragrant shoulders, with this thing, it should be able to restrain the red flower!

Ask for tickets!