Chapter Vol 4 2048: The little secret of Yaoshigui?

"Brother Xiao Yan, are you alright?" After a few minutes, Xun'er and Xiao Yan joined forces smoothly, and Xun'er also changed from the indifferent appearance just now to be like an active elf beside Xiao Yan, even watching When he arrived at the Medal of Alchemist on Xiao Yan's chest, his face was full of smiles.

"Why is this fairy sister so different before and after..." Yao Shigui looked at Xun'er like this and couldn't help but pouted and said, but if he knew what happened to Shen Hong and Shen Hong just now, he might have a different look. .

"Let's go, go back to the residence first. In a few days, there will be a rare auction event in Yaowang City. It will be the last warm-up before the Yaozu festival. Let's go shopping." Xiao Yan smiled casually, and the three of them immediately joined the group. He slowly left the Alchemist Association and headed towards the mansion under the leadership of Yao Shigui.

However, Xiao Yan had just left the front foot, and the story of his back foot was passed back to the ears of the high-level Yao clan by Feng Lao, and could not help but caused a burst of sighs, but it was because Xiao Yan was unknown, and now the Yao clan was nervous to prepare for the medicinal clan grand ceremony. Naturally, there was no time or extra strength to come and talk to Xiao Yan.

What's more, Liu Hao has already brought an extremely terrifying force in the Holy See, and divided into two teams. One team personally killed all the remains of the Soul Palace, and the other team came here, although they were because of the medicine. The clan had some connections and could not enter the Yunling Mountains, but the huge Yunling Mountains had already been surrounded by them, and with the addition of Shen Hong from the Xiyue Sect as an inner response, Liu Hao was not in a hurry, because the rest was just time. The problem.

Xiao Yan's residence in Medicine King City.

Originally, Xiao Yan and the three of them headed towards the assigned residence under the leadership of Yao Shigui. After Xiao Yan showed the Medal of Alchemist, the three of them were assigned a mansion with an area of ​​100 meters. All kinds of materials were readily available. There are still a lot of maids waiting on him. This kind of handwriting can be said to be envious of others, but after watching it, outsiders can only secretly smack their tongues. After all, the identity of the sixth-grade alchemist of the immortal rank is enough to shock most of the powerhouses.

There are still five days before the auction starts. Xiao Yan has been preparing the funds for the auction these days. After all, you don’t have to think about it. The items auctioned in the Yaozu auction are absolutely unparalleled, so the funds needed It is no longer as simple as the number of gold coins, and many things are carried out at the price of barter.

However, after some searching, Xiao Yan couldn't help but his eyes darkened. Obviously, there were very few things that he could get his hands on, so he was ready to take a look at it. , This young man is quite smart, which makes Xun'er quite doting, and because Xiao Yan and Xun'er love so much, Yao Shigui can also feel that the two are kind to him from the bottom of his heart, so some little secrets in his heart are slowly surfaced.

The third night.

"Brother Xiao Yan, I don't see any changes in Yao Shigui's body in the past three days. Could it be that you are worrying too much?"

Xun'er hasn't bothered Xiao Yan too much these past few days, and since moving in here, Xiao Yan has instructed Yao Shigui to take stricter care of him. It seems that this young man makes Xiao Yan quite worried.

"I carefully investigated the Emperor Yan Ring to no avail, but I think this guy has a lot of secrets in his body. We can't wait until the day he becomes an adult. I'm worried that something will happen, so we must let him devour that pill in advance." Xiao Yan said.

"But will there be any sequelae in that way?" Xun'er also wondered.

"No, find a time today or tomorrow." Xiao Yan said.

"Dong, dong, dong!" Before Xiao Yan could finish his words, there was a knock on the door.

"Yes." As the knock on the door sounded, Xiao Yan and Xun'er looked at each other, and fierce killing intent emerged. Although this is the Yaowangcheng, there is no guarantee that some ignorant people will secretly shoot.

"Big Brother, Sister Fairy, it's me." Yao Shigui outside the door looked extremely ugly, his face was pale and weak, and drops of cold sweat kept emerging, and even the corners of his mouth became ice purple.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan pushed open the door and saw Yao Shigui's situation. He couldn't help frowning. He immediately grabbed his wrist and sent in a steady stream of fighting qi. In addition, the power of his soul emerged. The abnormality of medicine stone returning to the body.

However, Xiao Yan's vindictive energy did not resolve the situation of the medicine stone returning to his body, but aggravated it, and the search for his soul power was fruitless.

"Big Brother, Sister Fairy, I have an old problem... Let's go, I'll take you to a place." Yao Shigui was trembling all over, and barely squeezed out a few words.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan and Xun'er looked at each other, and immediately they supported Yao Shigui and slowly left the mansion. They poured into a deserted street, and immediately left Yaowang City through a very hidden secret passage.

This secret passage is extremely narrow, and looking at the secret passage without cobwebs, it is obvious that there are traces of many years, and according to Xiao Yan's investigation, it seems that there is a faint breath of Yaoshigui in the secret passage. But other than that, there is no other aura.

This secret passage should be known to Yao Shigui!

"Where is this?" After about an hour, Xiao Yan and the two left Yaowang City under the leadership of Yao Shigui, and came to a rather strange place.

Just after leaving the dark passage, what appeared in the sight of the two of them was a mountain top. The top of the mountain was surrounded by clouds and mist. A bronze statue slowly stood on it. The bronze statue was like an old man refining medicine. UU reading www. uukanshu.com's eyes and all attention were focused on a medicine tripod not far from the bronze statue.

And around the bronze statue and the rock-shaped medicine cauldron, an ancient green ripple is like a formation, which is perfectly hidden and shrouded, with a very ancient and long-lasting aura.

"This is... what place?" Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering.

"Big brother, sister fairy, this is a certain peak in the Yunling Mountains."

"As for what is in front of me, I don't know, but there is always a voice in my mind calling me to come here." Yao Shigui's body was still ill, and he slowly uttered a few words.

"Go in." Xiao Yan looked around, and immediately determined that there was no suspicious person. He brought Yaoshigui and Xun'er with him and stepped into the mountain top and the flat ground in one fell swoop.

As soon as he stepped into this place, the situation of Yaoshigui suddenly improved. At the same time, a rare green energy in his body slowly overflowed, and immediately poured into the bronze statue not far away.

This is a hidden mountain top in the Yunling Mountains. The top of the mountain touches several hundred meters of flat ground, but the bronze statue and the green medicine tripod reveal endless mystery. It is completely isolated from the outside world by a terrifying formation. Come on, just the rare life force in the air here is full of vitality, and it is shocking to hear it.

​​

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: