Chapter Vol 4 1908: 1 person, 1 foot, 100,000 battles! (Down)

The latest website: "This is... a creature from the underworld?"

"It's comparable to the creatures in the early stage of the Eight-star Dou Xian?" Looking at the dark underworld warrior beside Xiao Yan, Shi Xie and Lin Shuai exclaimed at the same time, obviously smelling a rather dark aura from this guy's body. For the shocking taste.

"Kill!" Without any hesitation, Xiao Yan gave an order, and the Dark Underworld Master left Xiao Yan and shot at Shi Xie, instantly stalemate with the latter.

Shi Xie is the head of the three big demon handsomes, but now facing the dark underworld, he can only go all out, and he can't tell his heart for a while, and the charming demon handsome is ranked third, and has already been defeated by the Tianhu demon at this time. Shuai was completely entangled, and for a while, only Xiao Yan and the second-ranked Scale Monster Shuai remained on the sky.

"Nice boy, Sheng Yan and the underworld creatures, but if you only have this ability, I am afraid that today you can only stay here forever!" Looking at the Heavenly Fox Demon Commander and the Dark Underworld Master, the Scale Demon Demon Commander smiled contemptuously.

"Then I'll show you today what it means to be outnumbered!"

"What is the real fire of holy flame!" Xiao Yan's voice contained an unquestionable scorching flame, and immediately roared, but even so, Xiao Yan knew the terrifying defensive power of this scale monster, so he did not have any reservations. Amber-colored eyes were projected towards the latter, and at the same time, the surging amber-colored holy flames swept away from him, and fierce arcs burst out.

"Tricks of carving insects!" Seeing Xiao Yan's handwriting, the scale demon snorted coldly, and the strange scales on his body suddenly turned hideous like a hedgehog, and instantly formed a scale cover on his body. No matter how fiercely the amber flame burned, he couldn't shake himself in the slightest.

"Bang bang bang!" Rao is the holy flame arc of Xiao Yan's arrogant posture. When he attacked the hedgehog's scale cover, it only caused a trace of energy ripples and a few muffled thunder sounds, just like moths flying into flames. , annihilated on its scales.

"Trash is trash...let me show you, what is real fear!" After easily extinguishing Xiao Yan's holy flame, the scale demon snorted coldly, and the dazzling attacks slowly followed. brewing.

"This guy, such a hard turtle shell." Looking at the scale monster in front of him, Xiao Yan's eyes couldn't help but become deep. Any strong person must be tyrannical, and even though Sheng Yan is tyrannical, the difference in strength between the two is a whole rank. Sheng Yan’s suppression of scale monsters has also been reduced a lot. I am afraid that this scale monster can't support it with a single move.

"The thorn of the scale armor!" Above the sky, the scale monster's attack finally brewed. At that time, above the void, a strange demonic wind was blowing, and the scale monster's slender fingers slowly stretched out towards Xiao Yan, and the five fingers were On the top, a piece of slender monster scales grew frantically and shot out at Xiao Yan.

"Boom!" The harsh sound of the wind breaking and the vast demonic energy emerged from the scale monster crazily, injected into the top of the five scaled thorns, and suddenly turned into monstrous thorns, at an astonishing speed, right Following Xiao Yan's attack, the terrifying power contained in it made countless strong people below fear.

The five demonic thorns, which were like monstrous waves, stopped abruptly for a while when they came to Xiao Yan's side. Immediately after they were captured by the scale demon's palm, their speed skyrocketed, and they shot at Xiao Yan's vital point. .

Feeling the extreme power contained in the five giant thorns, a frantic smile appeared on Xiao Yan's plain face, and then his eyes turned slightly towards the scale monster in the distance.

"The Seal of the Heavenly King!" With a sneer, the palm suddenly formed a seal, and a beam of light that penetrated the sky swept out from Xiao Yan's chest, and a moment later, it attacked with the five giant thorns.

"Pfft!" An unusually harsh voice filled the entire void, but in a vague way, Xiao Yan's attack actually fell into the lower winds, with the appearance of a bit of a rout.

"Fire lion raging!" Xiao Yan also knew that just relying on the seal of the heavenly king could not completely shake the five giant thorns of monster energy, and immediately snorted, a huge flame lion shadow condensed out.

"Go!" The Heavenly King Seal held on to the last moment, and it exploded easily and dissipated in a bubble. At the same time, behind Xiao Yan, a fire lion over a thousand meters in size, with scarlet lion eyes, flashed with a rebellious terror Breath, directly pounced on the five monster thorns.

"Crash!" The lion rose and the lion fell, and the scale monster's fierce attack was suddenly destroyed by it, and the fire lion quietly crawled in front of Xiao Yan, but the shocking aura shocked everyone present.

"It's no wonder that he was elected as the Demon Commander in the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortal... But that's all!"

"Scale Wings!" Looking at Xiao Yan's appearance, the scale demon finally has nothing to hide. The power of the eight-star fighting immortal early stage is undoubtedly displayed. Countless scales of different shapes all over his body are detached from his body and are immediately injected into his body. Void in front of you.

The extremely dazzling monster scales quickly formed a pair of monster scale wings in front of it. The scale wings were solidified from countless solid scales, and the pair of thousands of feet scale wings had just condensed and formed, and were stretched out by the scale monster. , a ripple of strong demon energy was released, and even because of this power, the entire void and even the barren land below trembled slightly!

"That's the way it is!" Xiao Yan said with a slight smile at the corners of his mouth when he saw the scene of the scale inflammation. The extremely dazzling holy flame was continuously injected into the body of the fire lion around him. At that time, the incomparably holy flame breath swept out. Against the monster scale wings in front of him.

At the same time, the spiritual palace in Xiao Yan's body was also trembling very covertly, as if Xiao Yan was mobilizing a huge soul power, that level of soul power has the power to truly kill an eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse!

"Die!" As the scale wings stretched and waved on the scale monster, gusts of wind emerged, and the space above the void became distorted.

"Shabu Shabu!" After the breath, the scale wing behind the scale demon vigorously instigated, and immediately fanned out a giant shadow of scale wing energy. The giant shadow twisted the void, and under countless horrified eyes, it smashed heavily towards Xiao Yan. The Fire Lion beside him, and Xiao Yan.

At this moment there was a gust of wind between the heavens and the earth, and the scale-wing phantom was like a beam of death, tearing apart everything along the way. It seemed that the next moment would be the scene where Xiao Yan was easily obliterated.

"Master Yaoshuai!" Looking at Xiao Yan who was motionless and only protected by the extreme scarlet fire lion, Tianhu Yaoshuai couldn't help but his eyes were red and his nose was sour.

still lost...

"You'd better take care of yourself first!" Charming Yaoshuai twisted his attractive figure, and every twist would bring up many phantoms, making Tianhu Yaoshuai like a formidable enemy.

"Boom!" The energy of the scale wing destroying the sky and the earth is intertwined with the fire lion, and in this gloomy battlefield, which is already dark, a beautiful picture is formed.

That kind of scene, like a flame elf being beheaded by two wings, and then ready to be reborn from ashes, is beautiful and regrettable.

And the two just touched, one after another shocking thunder and vast energy ripples swept away, affecting the hearts of countless monsters!