Chapter Vol 4 1220: 3rd eye demon pupil

"What should I do now?" The team consisted of eight people, and the four of them had already fallen into chaos. The remaining Jade Legacy, Thunder Snake, Xiao Yan and Liu Qing looked at each other slowly, and Thunder Snake spoke first.

Looking at the four people who were in chaos, it was quite painful, and a trace of fear seemed to quietly permeate the hearts of several people.

"Knock them out."

"Otherwise, if they are left in such confusion, I'm afraid they will be confused by the guardian of the eighth floor." Xiao Yan said directly and decisively.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Ah?" When Xiao Yan said these words, Razer couldn't help being a little stunned.

The strength of their Hawkeye team was already weak. Without the protection of the Water Element, Water Moon and Earth Element Land Monkey, their odds of winning would probably be even lower!

After all, no matter what, although Shuiyue and Land Monkey are weak, their attributes and fighting skills are a good means of defense.

"Razer, do it."

"Knock them out, otherwise they will go on like this sooner or later if they don't say anything, it will only add unnecessary trouble to us." Yu Yifeng was also a decisive person, his eyes kept sweeping between Xiao Yan and the four people who were in chaos, There is a decision.

Razer shot directly, carefully knocking the four unconscious, and then the breath of the four slowly calmed down under the coma.

"You kid, you really have a second chance." Seeing Xiao Yan giving such a good method, even Jade Legacy could not help but give Xiao Yan a thumbs up.

At this time, even Jade Legacy was not as calm as Xiao Yan.

"The reason why they fell into chaos is that the guardian of the eighth floor has mobilized the hidden fear in their bodies, and added a little bit of vindictiveness, so that's what happened."

"If you don't stop them and let them go on like this, they will become unconscious at light level, and serious injuries will not heal. The best way is to knock them unconscious." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, Miss Liu Qing, it's just the four of us now. As for the purpose of our Eagle Eye team, it's just to save a villain. After all, we also have a mission to do. "Yu Yifeng also knows that the two who can remain calm under such circumstances are naturally not simple people.

Originally thought that Xiao Yan was just a stubborn child who would do whatever he wanted with his own soul power, but it turned out that was not the case.

In addition, the fact that the top officials of the Holy See asked their Hawkeye team to help bring a person to the ghost world for training and **** Liu Qing to participate in the ratio of Dongzhou is not easy.

With all these things, Yu Yifeng can only open his heart and tell his purpose, after all, they are on the same boat now.

"I'm not interested in those." Xiao Yan said helplessly, what he wanted to do was to increase his strength through experience, whether he wanted to be the Lord of Soul Eater, or to contribute to the future of his own Xiao clan.

"Me too." Liu Qing said slightly.

"Next, let's deal with this guy first."

"Be careful, it's very strong."

"Not only is the combat power stronger than Captain Yu, but even the soul power is above me." Xiao Yan's voice was unusually solemn. Obviously, this guardian of the eighth floor is the first time Xiao Yan has met since he was promoted to Dou Xian. To the strength and soul power to crush their opponents.

"Have you found it?" Razer couldn't help but said when Xiao Yan was so impressed.

Although the guardian's strength and soul strength are stronger than them, but they are four of them. As hunters, they naturally want to conquer this guy.

"I found it, but there is no trace of it locked."

"I said that its soul power is above me, so I can only roughly guess its location."

"Be careful, it's coming!" But Xiao Yan's voice increased from gentle to rapid.

"Liu Qing, be careful, it's less than ten meters behind you!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes kept glancing away at the darkness in the boundless, but he suddenly shouted.

"The Blessing of Light!" Liu Qing is indeed a figure with a high status in the Holy See. Although his soul power is not as strong as Xiao Yan's, and he cannot find the trace of this mysterious guardian, she has always been on guard. When the sound was heard, a milky white halo suddenly spread out from Liu Qing's body.

"Crash!" The milky white halo formed a natural barrier outside Liu Qing's delicate body, completely wrapping her delicate body.

"Bang bang bang!" Just after Liu Qing activated the rather tyrannical defensive energy of the light system, a silent giant hand suddenly hit Liu Qing's defensive halo.

"Ah, ah, ah!" A painful scream resounded continuously in this space, and the milky white light outside Liu Qing's body was actually abruptly dented by as much as three meters in his chest!

When it is close to a trace, it will instantly hit Liu Qing's delicate chest.

"This is..." And with Liu Qing's screams, the mysterious nihilistic attack seemed to be deadlocked for a quarter of an hour, and then it seemed that Liu Qing had discovered something.

"Crash!" A sparse voice emerged, and then the transparent energy body was directly hidden.

It was too fast. All of this happened in the blink of an eye, and even the other two did not react at all. Xiao Yan was just about to make a move. Then the guardian's attack was over, and he was in the boundless state.

"Pfft." A few slight coughs came directly from under Liu Qing's delicate body, and the three of them could clearly see that Liu Qing's blessing of light, that was Enough to resist the full blow of the powerhouse in the early stage of Samsung Dou Xian, a corner was almost broken by this mysterious creature.

The Blessing of Light is a special energy ray that forms within three meters of Liu Qing's body, weakening all attacks that are not conducive to her, and thus defending the fighting skills. However, such a tyrannical means of defense was unexpectedly forced by the mysterious creature. When a gap was attacked, Liu Qing was almost hit, which made everyone feel a little inexplicable fear of the guardian's strength.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan supported Liu Qing and said slightly.

"I'm fine, I think, I know what kind of creature this is." After Liu Qing took a few breaths, he smiled.

"En?" Xiao Yan couldn't help being shocked when he heard the words. Obviously, even his soul power close to the fairyland didn't know the true face of the guardian. Liu Qing's soul power was far inferior to himself, how could he know?

"Do you think I just screamed in vain?" Liu Qing rolled his eyes at Xiao Yan, and then said angrily.

"Could it be..." When Liu Qing said this, Xiao Yan's eyes also lit up. As long as he knew the name of the guardian, then with the knowledgeable experience of the four, he would naturally be able to find a way to deal with it.

"This is a special creature."

"It's not a soul beast, it's also a human being."

"In the ghost world, it has a special noun."

"Three-eyed ghost pupil." Liu Qing's voice seemed to be full of magic, and it slowly lingered in everyone's heart for a long time.