Chapter Vol 4 1176: Spiritual Fighting Soul, Blood Sky Thunder Ape!

"Forget it, I don't have time to play with you."

"Otherwise, my aura spreads and attracts the powerhouses above your Eastern Continent. At that time, it will be difficult to escape, and things will be even more troublesome." Hun Hao looked into the distance, but there was a flicker in his black pupils. smile.

"Hahaha."

"Since you and the guy just now are in the same group, when I capture you, I will definitely ask him where he is... You guys, you can't run far!" The shadow is a bit more solid, apparently temporarily suppressing the backlash of the fighting spirit.

"You guy, you have some strength." Seeing Yu Gan temporarily suppressing the backlash of Dou Soul, Hun Hao's expression became serious.

Although Yu Gan was a strong man who devoured the fighting spirit and was attacked, in the final analysis, this guy is a strong man with fighting spirit.

Hun Hao's strength is naturally also in the early stage of the three-star Dou Xian. Although Yu Gan's strength can only be at the perfect level of the two-star Dou Xian because of the fighting spirit, but using the power of the fighting spirit, he is enough to make up for this gap.

"The two of you are rare opponents."

"But today, I won't let you go."

"Since I got the fighting spirit, this is the first time I have used the power of the fighting spirit..."

"Next, I'll let you appreciate the true power of this fighting spirit."

"Hahaha!" After Yugan finished speaking, his entire body suddenly turned red, and the next moment, a red thunderbolt slowly gushed out from his body.

"A fighting spirit of the thunder attribute?" Hun Hao took back his three soul locks when he saw this, and then said with vigilance in his eyes.

The thunder attribute has possessed an extremely tyrannical power of destruction since ancient times, and when combined with the paralyzing effect, it can be said to be very terrifying.

"Boom boom boom!" Every time the red thunder appeared on Yu Gan's body, it had a trace of violent aura like a soul beast. That aura made people shudder, and the phantom of the fighting soul was also slow. emerge.

"What kind of fighting spirit is this?" And when he felt such a terrifying red thunder, the expression on Hunhao's face also became strange.

Hunhao naturally wouldn't be afraid of the power of ordinary thunder, but the red thunder on Yu Gan's body actually made him feel frightened. This was something that had never happened before!

If Yu Gan was only wearing the most low-level mortal fighting spirit, Hunhao would not be afraid, but if this guy devoured it, it was not the mortal fighting spirit, but the spiritual fighting spirit, then Hunhao would have to stand guard. .

After reaching Dou Xian, the power of Dou Xian in the body is already strong enough. When using Dou Xian's power, its power is more vicious than Dou Xian's power. The force of Dou Xian inherits the fierce power of Dou Xian. .

For example, if you devour a mortal fighting spirit named Demon Wolf, then if you use the power of the fighting spirit, you will summon the phantom of the Demon Wolf, shrouding you, and all subsequent attacks will be carried with The ferocity of the possessed wolf and the power of its unique attributes!

This is the most terrifying place for the fighting spirit!

Just imagine, if a Destruction-type powerhouse devoured a powerful defensive fighting spirit, you only need to use the power of the fighting spirit to summon the fighting spirit to defend, and one person alone can sweep the entire country. Such tyranny is the fighting spirit. of horror.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Spiritual product!" The next moment, Hun Hao gave an evaluation!

And just after Hunhao's voice fell, on the body of the trunk in the sky, a giant ape shadow with a size of 100 meters appeared!

"This Douhun phantom seems to be similar to Dou Di's body..." Hun Hao said slightly.

"Blood Heaven Demon Ape?" Not far away, the black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf's expressions changed drastically!

This Blood Sky Demon Ape has a reputation for being vicious. The two of them have gone to crusade many times, but they have no choice but to return empty-handed. Unexpectedly, this fighting spirit was swallowed up by Yugan!

The fighting spirits are different from ordinary magical beasts and even spirit beasts. They are very few in number, and most of them are pure energy bodies, so they are very easy to distinguish.

"Hahaha!"

"As soon as the Blood Sky Demon Ape comes out, I'll see where you are going this time!" Yu Gan's body was shrouded in the phantom shadow of the Blood Heaven Demon Ape, and he suddenly exuded a violent aura, and the power of red thunder continued in the phantom. It flows everywhere, bringing up bursts of loess all over the sky.

"The Blood Sky Demon Ape is very strong, but how much power can you use now?" Hun Hao said while running the power in his body, preparing to resist.

Hunhao is one of the twelve souls of the ghost kingdom. Naturally, he has the pride that belongs to him. Even if this **** demon ape is strong, he still cannot shake his pride.

"Blood Heaven Demon Ape, Demon Ape Roar!" However, Yu Gan didn't give Hunhao any chance to escape, he shouted loudly, and the phantom shadow of the Blood Heaven Demon Ape shrouded him suddenly drank, Yuankou took a breath, An indescribable terrifying sound wave spread out in an instant!

Wherever the sound waves are caused, the grass, wood, mud and stones are all turned into powder in an instant!

"not good!"

"The demonic roar of this **** demonic ape is its life-saving means, even a three-star fighting fairy would not dare to touch it."

"Fast back!" Seeing this, the black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf suddenly retreated, leaving the Yugan and the two hundreds of meters away in an instant.

"Bastard, I can't run away." Hun Hao watched the sonic attack that locked him away quickly, his face was pale, and a sense of powerlessness emerged!

This Blood Sky Demon Ape is the most outstanding sonic attack, and for some reason, being swept away by this sonic attack, the power in his body is vaguely solidified, and he can't mobilize the slightest.

"Spiritual Fighting Soul is able to give you such a huge power, the more powerful fighting spirit that time, isn't it..." Hunhao didn't have a trace of fear, but there was a strange smile on his face.

"Soul sacrifice!" The next moment, the invisible sound wave attack was about to attack him, and suddenly Soul Hao flicked his fingers, and a cloth bag with a rather delicate texture slowly appeared in everyone's sight.

"This is..." Yugan just launched such a tyrannical attack, but when he saw this cloth bag, his pupils shrank tightly!

As if there is something terrifying on this cloth bag!

"Hahaha!"

"There are indeed some amazing guys under Yinhun Tiandongzhou. Although the price is too high to do ~, the immortal leaves are enough to make up for the price."

"Soul sacrifice, all souls ascend to heaven!" As the voice of Soul Hao fell, a gloomy black air suddenly smashed the cloth bag.

"Woohoohoo!" A gust of gloomy wind came, and hundreds of thousands of illusory afterimages suddenly escaped from the cloth bag.

"This is... a soul body?" Seeing such a huge number of soul bodies emerging directly from the cloth bag, Yu Gan's pupils shrank tightly, and a touch of fear filled his heart.

"What about the fighting spirit?"

"Let you try this power of ten thousand souls!"

"Break me!" And tens of thousands of soul bodies just emerged, and they ran away in all directions, but the next moment, Hun Hao's palm suddenly swelled up, grabbed it suddenly, and immediately grabbed these soul bodies, and then immediately Suddenly squeezed, a shattering sound slowly sounded, and at the same time, a group of extremely bright blue light groups slowly brewed.

"Go to hell..." Hun Hao suddenly swung his palm towards Yugan, but before Yugan could react, the bright cyan light burst through his sonic attack in an instant, so the next moment, he was about to attack. to yourself!

Fighting Soul is an evolved version of the fighting emperor's body.

Both of them form an energy phantom outside the body.

And the fighting spirit can be simply understood as, if you devour any fighting spirit, you can use the fighting spirit's skills!

The previous body of Dou Di was written down, and there was almost no drama. Now Dou Spirit takes over the game!

End of this chapter