Chapter Vol 4 2047: The Xiyue Sect, the Holy See's son of a bitch?

"Huhu... Let's go, this space was blasted open by you with one punch, and I can no longer stay here, otherwise, once I get involved in the turbulent flow of time and space, even I can't face it."

"But I have to congratulate you, you have succeeded in assessing the sixth-rank heavenly alchemist of the immortal rank." Feng Lao's voice burst into bursts of pride, and with a big wave of his hand, he left here with Xiao Yan and headed for the original area. .

It was only about 20 days after entering the small world this time. In addition to the special existence of the small world, it took less than a stick of incense to pass in the outside world.

And when Xiao Yan returned, some other things happened outside.

Xun'er and Yao Shigui were sitting in the hall where they sat quietly, waiting for Xiao Yan to return. Not long after, the door was abruptly pushed open by two figures. The people who came were two men. The two men were quite handsome, but they didn't have any The reception of the medicine people, with a proud and unruly looking down attitude, is like an invisible existence of superiority.

"Brother, look, the woman Liu Hao said is the one in front of you?" One of the men looked around and found Xun'er first. Liu Hao's instructions could not help but emerge in his mind.

"You Xiyue Sect can also be regarded as the top forces in the entire Douyun Continent except the seven ancient clans. This time the medicine clan festival, I need you to pay close attention to one person for me."

"Gu Xun'er, the saint of the ancient clan, she is hidden in the snow of the ancient clan, and almost no one outsiders knows about her. I will show her portrait to the two of you to check, and remember to report her every move to me."

"After the medicinal clan festival is over, our Holy See will personally give them a big gift... These are small gifts, you can use them in the medicinal clan festival, and it will have a multiplier effect."

Liu Hao's words are mysterious and mysterious, but the two brothers can only choose to believe it. After all, he wants to surpass the seven ancient clans in the sect, and he cannot do without the help of the Holy See.

These two, the elder is Shen Yi, and the second is Shen Hong, who are the strongest of the younger generation of Xiyue Sect!

Moreover, the upper plane, the demarcation of the younger generation is rather vague, almost within one hundred years old. After all, even a strong Dou Di has a very long life. If there is no limit of life and death, it is extremely difficult to fall.

On Shen Hong's chest, a dazzling Alchemist Medal slowly flickered. Looking closely, a huge immortal character appeared, and five gold stars were surrounding him. Below the gold stars, there were three silver stars. Flickering abnormally.

The alchemist at the pinnacle of Immortal Rank 5th Grade Heaven Rank!

"This beautiful young lady..." Shen Hong was quite elegant, pacing gently towards Xun'er like a gentleman, with a soft voice.

In his eyes, today's Xun'er is graceful and graceful, with three thousand blue silk swaying freely, dancing gracefully like a butterfly elf, with an indescribable immortal temperament.

With such a shy fish and geese, and the shyness of the closed moon, coupled with the almost perfect jade-like immortal temperament, Shen Hong seemed to know why Liu Hao was brooding about him.

"Let's go, Brother Xiao Yan should be out soon." Xun'er didn't move, she just ignored Shen Hong's words and turned her eyes slightly, watching a stick of incense on the incense table beside the time is about to end , Immediately stood up and walked back to the door with the medicine stone. The graceful body attracted countless human beings.

"This stinky bitch, you're actually doing this to me?"

"I hope it doesn't fall into my hands, otherwise..." Seeing this guy look like this, a trace of anger appeared in Shen Hong's eyes.

He is a dignified immortal-rank fifth-grade heaven-ranked peak powerhouse, and has a lofty position in the Xiyue Sect. Countless women have embraced him, and it is their blessing to be able to be seen by him. How can there be such a ignorant person? woman?

"Boom!"

"Papapa!!!" Just when the violent and evil thoughts in Shen Hong's heart just started, a man in a black shirt suddenly appeared here, and then a loud slap print accompanied by bursts of hot stinging pain, stayed in Shen Hong On Hong's cheek.

All of this happened between the light and the flint, causing Shen Hong and Shen Yi to have no response, and the red slap print appeared.

"who is it?"

"Get out of here!" Feeling this inexplicable attack and humiliation, Shen Hong was furious and couldn't help but get angry. The incomparably fierce fairyland soul power and his power in the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals were undoubtedly on display.

"Next time something like this happens, it won't be such a simple lesson."

"Next time I will kill you with my own hands, refining your soul into a puppet, and suffering from horrible torment every day... Stay away from her." A terrifying breath of terror was accompanied by an extremely cold killing Intention, slowly radiated from the man in the black shirt in the hall.

"Who are you to dare to treat me like this, I am a dignified immortal..."

"Gulu..." Shen Hong's eyes froze, trying to resist Xiao Yan's attack and murderous aura, but when he saw the medal on Xiao Yan's chest, he lost his voice.

"A sixth-grade immortal rank peak alchemist?"

"Wait...that giant elephant?"

"How is that possible?" At this moment, a rare shock emerged in Shen Hong's heart.

As a pharmacist, he is very familiar with the kind of medal on Xiao Yan's body!

That is clearly a pharmacist at the pinnacle of the sixth-grade immortal rank!

And that giant elephant must be the product of successfully going through **** mode!

The alchemist who can successfully pass through the **** mode is a monster with alchemy skills and combat power!

"I hope you don't do some stupid things, or you will just kill the eight stars."

"You guys seem to have some familiar aura, tell that guy for me, don't beat my wife's attention, otherwise I will definitely make him regret it later." Yu Yin curled up, and Xiao Yan's figure also moved towards the outside world.

"This guy..." Listening to Xiao Yan's series of words, Shen Hong and Shen Yi also shook their heads at the same time.

"He and Liu Hao should have something to do with each other. Although we need the support of the Holy See, there is no need to fight against such a strong man."

"You should restrain your arrogance and anger, otherwise it will bring a devastating blow to our sect." Elder Shen Yi also noticed some other things from Xiao Yan's stern warning just now, and immediately ordered road.

"Yes." At this moment, Shen Hong did not refute, and was surprisingly quiet.

"This is not like your usual you."

"never mind."

"Let's go, I'll take you to assess the sixth-rank immortal rank. As for success, it's up to you." Shen Yi shook his head and said without thinking too much.

"Okay." Shen Hong nodded, but he has been in a high position for a long time. It was the first time that Xiao Yan was so intimidated and humiliated. The seeds of resentment had already been planted in his heart, and Liu Hao secretly gave Shen Hong a lot of treasures. The catastrophe, I am afraid, also has a lot to do with this narrow-minded Shen Hong.

The power of the Medicine Clan and the Holy See are like fire and water. The Holy See is not welcome here at all, and it is impossible to let the powerful people of the Holy See enter the Yunling Mountains. .

That was the catastrophe that belonged to Xiao Yan.

Catastrophe or rebirth, still unknown.