Chapter 493: Bamboo old shot!

"How can it be!"

"The swallowing python was actually imprisoned!"

"What the **** is that weird black qi!" Behind the swallowing python, there was a hint of fear in the eyes of the snake king, because from the dark chains that imprisoned the swallowing python, a chill emerged!

How powerful is the phantom of the swallowing python that appeared in the swallowing formation, the nine powerhouses of their Medusa clan can't figure it out!

This Heaven Swallowing Formation had truly killed a half-immortal powerhouse, but now it was bound by the strange black energy in Qin Tian's body, which made many powerhouses in the Medusa clan feel slightly dignified.

The most ugly face is none other than Shefu!

Because the core of this Heaven Swallowing Formation is the Immortal Item Jiao Python Staff, if this Heaven Swallowing Python is injured, then the damage to the Immortal Item will be the heaviest!

The Medusa family, because their nature is cold and cold, and their relationship with humans is quite incongruous, which leads to the scarcity of medicinal pills. If this fairy weapon is damaged, I am afraid that no one can repair it. This is why Shefu holds the fairy weapon. , but did not dare to exert the greatest power of the Immortal Artifact!

"That black energy is definitely not Qin Tian's power... But this power is very strange, everyone be careful!" Shefu said solemnly.

After Shefu finished speaking, he stared at the swallowing python that was imprisoned by the black qi chain!

The black qi chain is like tying zongzi, wrapping the whole body of the swallowing python!

Above the chain of black qi, black qi continued to emerge, and then continuously eroded the swallowing python!

The swallowing python let out a painful roar, but no matter how hard he struggled, he couldn't get rid of the shackles of the black qi chain!

"Hahaha!"

"Shefu, it's up to you how to deal with it now!" Qin Tian roared, and then a fiery red flame burst out from his pupils, and then directly attached to the black dragon!

The dragon-loving legion on the side also tried their best to pour all their fighting qi into the black giant!

"Roar!" The black giant roared in the sky, its figure exploded, and a murderous intent emerged from its eyes, then raised its claws and attacked the bound Tiantian python directly!

"嘁偁嘁!" Swallowing Python sensed the crisis and shouted loudly, trying to get rid of the black dragon's attack!

But what makes the swallowing python strange is that no matter how it breaks free, the black qi chain that binds it is slowly moving towards a certain place in its body!

Where, is the place of the soul!

With that appearance, it was as if this black qi was kneeling and trying to swallow the soul of the Heaven Swallowing Python!

But after all, the swallowing python is just a body of energy gathered by energy, and has no soul, so the strange black qi wandered around in the swallowing python and came out again!

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, the black dragon's attack came instantly!

The black giant dragon came to the swallowing python, raised its pupils proudly, and then the terrifying dragon claws that contained strange black energy and fiery red flames slapped directly on the swallowing python's body!

"Si Si Si!" The swallowing python couldn't break free from the chains of black qi, so it had to take the terrifying blow of the black dragon abruptly!

"Bang Bang Bang!" In the next instant, the green light on the green swallowing python suddenly diminished, and then seven inches from the snake, a huge black dragon claw appeared!

With a sound of "Bang!", the figure of the green swallowing python suddenly shattered, and then instantly disappeared between this world!

The green swallowing python disappeared, and the black gas chain that bound the swallowing python also turned into a huge force, and then after the huge phantom of the swallowing python disappeared, a dead snake-headed crutch and the dragon rod slowly appeared in the In midair!

"Kacha!" Above the python stick, in the eyes of the snake's head, suddenly there was a very clear sound!

"Jiao Python Staff... actually shattered a bit..." Shefu showed a look of fear for the first time, staring at Qin Tian!

"Die!"

Qin Tian Zhentian roared angrily, and then the other members of the Dragon Addiction Legion escaped directly from the sky and quickly fled.

"Not good!" Shefu's pupils shrank tightly, and then he saw the black giant dragon with a turbulent aura, overwhelmingly coming towards them and a group of strong Medusa!

"Flee separately!" Shefu made a decisive decision and snorted coldly, and then the snake pupil became vigilant, and the black and **** of life and death continued to emerge!

"However, Senior Shefu, this power is too terrifying, if you were alone..." Mei Lan said, obviously facing this terrifying black dragon, the Medusa clan's powerhouse did not show any signs of flinching.

"Alas..." Seeing that everyone had no intention of leaving, Shefu sighed slightly, but he was extremely happy in his heart!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Qin Tian, ​​this time, when our Queen Medusa returns, we will definitely destroy your Xuanling royal family!" Shefu laughed loudly, and then his body suddenly burst out!

The other eight strong Medusa warriors had terrifying fighting qi all over their bodies, instantly forming a hundred-zhang-sized fighting qi defense shield in front of everyone!

"Roar!" The black giant disappeared in a flash, and instantly came to the terrifying defense shield in front of Shefu and the others!

Then he opened his huge mouth, and in the dragon's mouth, a dragon's breath mixed with fiery red flames and strange black gas rushed out instantly!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying power of flames and the strange black energy continued to surround the huge fighting qi defense shield!

The next moment, the fiery red flames were instantly separated from the dragon's breath, and then the huge defensive shield of fighting qi was set on fire.

"Damn..."

"No, the defensive shield is going to be broken!" Drops of sweat the size of teardrops continued to emerge on Shefu's forehead.

"The power of this flame has restrained us. With this strange black qi that seems to directly attack the power of the human soul, we can't support it anymore!" The Snake King also said coldly, obviously seeing the huge Dou Qi defensive shield Being constantly eroded by the power of this flame and the strange black gas, he was immediately shocked.

"I said long ago that my Xuanling royal family is not your Medusa clan who can compare to you... Go to **** with remorse!" Qin Tian shouted angrily, regardless of his already red pupils, and continued. Increase the power of flame and black energy in your hands.

"Alas..." A sigh slowly appeared in the sky, and then the densely covered thunderclouds gathered vaguely, and then, within the thunderclouds, a shocking lightning shot straight into the sky!

"Who is it!" Qin Tian was immediately shocked, because this sudden scene of thunderclouds could not be due to any natural cause, it was very likely that someone was controlling it!

"Qin Tian, ​​long time no see." An old voice appeared in the sky, and then from the thundercloud, an old man slowly walked out Bamboo Ember? "Qin Tian's pupils shrank tightly, and a wave of fear emerged spontaneously!

Because at this moment, a black and white force of life and death was constantly blending beside Zhu Jin, and in addition, the thunder and lightning were all over his body, as if the black and white thunder gods had descended!

"Bamboo embers?"

"He actually made a move?" Solomon and Nu Dong said in unison, with a little shock in their voices.

"It is rumored that the relationship between the Medusa clan and the Fenxiang Pavilion seems to be unclear. Now it seems to be true."

"This time, the Xuanling Royal Family may have kicked the iron plate."

"Be careful, once Qin Tian and the others escape, we will immediately catch up!" Liu Quan said.

"This Zhu Jin actually shot?"

"The two semi-immortal strong men, together with the leaders of the eight major tribes, will be tricky now." Nu Dong said with some worry.

"With me here, what are you afraid of?" The soul clan said happily and without fear.

"That is……"

"Elder Zhu?" Mu Yingying also found Elder Zhu in mid-air and spoke immediately.

"Let's go, now that Elder Zhu has appeared, I'm afraid the battle situation here has been decided. Let's go to meet Mu Feng and the two of them first, and then go to the desert area." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and went in the opposite direction of the Medusa Temple.

Just before leaving, Xiao Yan murmured to the temple of the Medusa family, "There seems to be some familiar aura in this temple...Is it an illusion..."

Ask for tickets!