Chapter 183: The point grab race begins!

"What are you doing?" Hongye also appeared in the cold pool, and she saw Hu Du and Wu Jiang who were unconscious.

She is very aware of Wu Jiang's strength. If she is fighting alone, she is definitely not his opponent. After all, it is said that Wu Jiang is an outstanding disciple in the Fenxiang Pavilion.

I was also shocked.

"They already know about it, so as long as the trials start, everything will be in vain."

"You know how to do it, right?" Youquan also said, Youquan also did not expect that this six-star Dou Emperor powerhouse would be so weak, the adult in the pool simply shot a few times, just grabbed him and looked at it. It is not so difficult to deal with this human being.

"Yeah." Although Hongye is a woman, she is not a soft-hearted person, so she agreed, and she has a plan in her heart. Although she is a little afraid of these ghost world creatures, she has no choice but to cooperate with herself!

Besides, Hongye doesn't matter so much, what kind of life or innocent life, as long as he can save his lover, then what is all this?

Hongye had a plan in her heart, and then quickly left Hanchi and headed for the place where Wujiang lived.

Wu Jiang and Hu Du, who were in a coma, suddenly raised their brows, as if they were sending messages to each other, and then passed out again.

Three days passed quickly. On this day, as usual, thousands of people gathered in the square early, and they were all eager to try.

In a room closest to the square.

"what?"

"Can't find Wujiang?" The old man who announced the trials and tests on the high-rise building angrily said.

The old man's name is Mujing, and like Wu Jiang, he is also a six-star fighting emperor. Wu Jiang is the general manager, and he is more of a supervisor.

"Elder Mu, I really searched all over and couldn't find the person in charge of Wu Jiang!" Shen Yue couldn't tell, how could such a good person suddenly not be able to find Wu Jiang? This Wu Jiang is solely responsible for their stronghold. , If Wujiang can't be found now, then this points trial can't be opened rashly.

After all, so many people have disappeared before, and now even this Wujiang is missing, so the problem is too big.

"In that case, it seems that this trial can only be postponed..." The old man also said.

"Dong dong dong!" There was a knock on the door, and Shen Yue also opened the door slowly and depressed.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"President Wu..." Shen Yue also said in surprise.

"what's wrong?"

"Isn't today the start of the trials?" Wu Jiang also asked.

"Where have you been?" Kiui also asked.

"I went out to investigate the disappearance, but there was still no result..." Wu Jiang also said.

"Forget it, this matter can't be rushed, let's take these newcomers to the selection place first." After Mujing finished speaking, he walked out, and Wu Jiang followed closely.

There was a lively scene on the square, all three people got together in a team.

The appearance of Mujing and Wujiang made the already hot square lively.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly. For some reason, Wu Jiang's aura seemed a little weird!

"Okay, everyone be quiet. Now I will lead you to the place where the trials are held, the Infernal Corpse Forest." After the old man Kii said, he waved his hands, and a huge passage appeared on the square!

Space Teleportation Array!

Anyone with a discerning eye can recognize this huge handwriting at a glance!

This is a long-distance teleportation array, and its price is extremely expensive. Except for the super sects such as Xuan Santian, there are no seven major cities around!

"The fifth-level talent rookies will go first, the fourth-level talent will follow, and the cycle will be repeated." Kiui also said.

"Let's go." When Xiao Yan heard this, he also said to the people in his team.

"Go!" Yueru and Mu Feng also said softly.

"Since this is the case, we can't fall." He Wanxia and the other six also appeared, and then went to the space teleportation array!

As soon as the nine fifth-grade talented newcomers entered the teleportation formation, Mujing's fighting spirit appeared, and then a white light burst under the feet of the nine people!

In just a short moment, the scene in front of me changes rapidly!

"Is this the fifth-class talented newcomer from Hongshan? It also looks pretty good." A middle-aged man also smiled, and then walked towards the nine people.

"Who is Your Excellency?" The few people around looked at each other, Xiao Yan was also the first to speak.

"Don't worry, I am the one in charge of your Infernal Corpse Trials this time. My name is Qianyu." The middle-aged man also laughed.

"I've seen Senior Brother!" Several people also hurriedly said, after all, at this age, one can only be called Senior Brother.

"Let's go, I'll take you to the entrance of the Infernal Corpse Forest, just in front." Qianyu also said.

"Then there is Senior Brother Lao." Several people also said.

After walking for a while, Qianyu opened his mouth and said, "In front of you is the Infernal Corpse Forest. Everyone, let's go in. The Yin-Yang Demon Sealing Formation is set up around the forest, so you can't enter by force. You must enter from the entrance of the Infernal Corpse Forest."

After speaking, he slowly descended, and came to the entrance of the Yin Corpse Forest gently, and then lightly tapped his palm, and suddenly the door of light with a white light lit up in front of the nine people.

Xiao Yan and Mu Feng also fell by Qianyu's side, quietly looking at the corpse forest Linkou.

Just came over from the teleportation formation, and in just a few breaths, I came to the reception of the Infernal Corpse Forest from above the Red Mountain Square.

And the two of them found that even if they haven't entered the Infernal Corpse Forest yet, the gloomy wind and strange aura are extraordinarily dignified.

Zhu Zhuqing, who was beside him, also frowned slightly. It was obviously the first time he had come to such a place, and he couldn't help but feel a little scared.

He Wanxia has a fiery face, which is obviously in line with her warlike character.

As for the other four people, to varying degrees, there is no fear at all.

"Hehehe, you don't have to worry, this Infernal Corpse Forest is scary, but the token in your hands can save you in times of crisis, you just need to crush it in times of crisis." Qianyu also spoke slowly.

"Now after you go in, there are two paths in the first floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, one on the left and one on the right. You three teams can choose as you like, and when you get out not far, there will be problems again, and then you will choose your own. One, go on. As for what you will encounter or do to increase your own points, it depends on your respective luck and strength."

"And this time, all the bases of the Infernal Corps were selected together, and there are as many as tens of thousands."

"But one thing I can tell you is that there are three floors in total, and each floor has some powerful beings, and there are different monsters and ghosts in each floor. In a month's time, you The points in your hand will determine your final ranking!"

"And the most important point, you have to remember that if you encounter the most powerful existence here - Silver Moon Sirius, then don't hesitate to crush the token directly, otherwise you may not even have a chance to live. !" Qianyu said solemnly.

"But you don't have to worry too much. This Silver Moon Heavenly Wolf lives in the depths of the third floor. As long as you don't go to the third floor, you will hardly encounter it." Qianyu also said slowly.

"The point grabbing competition, let's start." Xiao Yan also murmured, and the three of them walked straight into the entrance of the white corpse forest.

Ask for a recommended collection and ask for a monthly pass!