Chapter 201: 3 people gather, tryout situation!

As the blue "soul seed" light group entered Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan felt that the blue light group was disturbingly moving in his body.

Just when Xiao Yan was about to mobilize his soul force to gather the blue light group, the huge soul force just came into contact with the "soul seed" blue light group, and the "soul seed" blue light group seemed to be quiet, and then quickly moved towards the blue light group. Xiao Yan's soul sea is gone!

In the blink of an eye, he was entrenched in Xiao Yan's soul realm.

As the "soul seed" blue light group settled into Xiao Yan's soul realm, Xiao Yan also felt that this "soul seed" light group was emitting an extremely terrifying hot wave!

"Holy Flame..." Xiao Yan also muttered.

Since coming to Dou Di Continent, Xiao Yan has realized that his family obviously has some secrets on this continent, so he can only explore all of this when he becomes stronger!

Because Xiao Yan is practicing a special technique, Fen Jue!

It can be exchanged for a huge amount of power by swallowing holy flames. It can be said that this is the best shortcut to the strong. The scarcity of holy flames makes Xiao Yan powerless. Yan's "soul seed", no wonder Xiao Yan was so excited.

After a short period of calming down, Xiao Yan also discovered that the "soul species" blue light group that settled in his soul realm would actually absorb his own soul power, which made Xiao Yan anxious. He came from his cultivation, and this soul power was also related to Xiao Yan's strength as a pharmacist, so he was also cautious.

It seems that the blue light group of the "soul species" in the soul realm discovered Xiao Yan's displeasure, and then stopped absorbing it and lay quietly in Xiao Yan's soul realm.

After Xiao Yan felt the movement of the "Soul Seed" blue light group, he smiled bitterly, obviously his worries were unnecessary.

"Boom boom boom!"

The next moment, Xiao Yan was shocked to find that the jade white coffin in front of him collapsed instantly and turned into a pile of debris. The secret room door, which was tightly closed, was also opened at this time.

"I don't know how long it has passed. It must have been a long time since I came to this secret room." Xiao Yan also sorted out the breath on his body and said after he had stabilized.

"This is just one day. After all, the time in the secret realm is very slow, and a day inside is only an hour outside." Long Yi also said.

"Let's go out and have a look first, I don't know how Yueru and Mu Feng are doing?"

"Also, I forgot about the trials." Xiao Yan put away the fairy sword after finishing speaking. After all, even if the fairy sword is damaged, it is rare in the world, so Xiao Yan still knows the truth of the innocence and the guilt, and then he carried it on his back again. Different Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler.

Speaking of which, even Xiao Yan may not have discovered that since the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng had more ruler spirits, the aura on the ruler has become much stronger.

Xiao Yan also walked out of the secret room slowly, and then walked towards the place he had entered.

the other side.

Yueru and Mu Feng also went to the depths of the passage to look for Xiao Yan from the coma. They said that the cave was intricate and complicated, and Mu Feng's tracking was also wrong many times.

"Damn, how come there are so many paths in this passage, Xiao Yan's breath is clearly in it, but why are we not going all the way?" Mu Feng also said.

"Forget it, let's go back, maybe Xiao Yan has already gone back." Yueru also said, and then exited towards the back room who came in.

Mu Feng was about to say something just now, but helplessly followed Yueru back.

"Although I don't know what your relationship is, it seems that anyone with discernment can see that you are interested in him."

"However, I still have to say that, based on my perception, Xiao Yan is very strong."

"It's very strong!" Mu Feng also said softly to Yueru in front of her.

Yue Ru, who was walking in front, was quite surprised when she heard these words. She thought that Mu Feng was someone who only knew how to slay demons and eliminate demons.

"I know, but if I give up on some things, I think I will regret it for the rest of my life."

"So in order not to regret it in the future, you should let it go now. Who knows what will happen in the future." Yueru also said with her lips slightly parted as she walked away.

"Nice one with no complaints and no regrets!" Mu Feng also smiled slightly, obviously Yue Ru's words inspired Mu Feng's thinking.

After walking for a while, a figure with a heavy ruler on his back appeared in front of Yueru and the others.

"Xiao Yan?" Yue Ru also called out in surprise.

"Well, where have you been?" Xiao Yan also responded.

"Hey, hey, we should be asking you this, right?"

"We just woke up and you disappeared. We went to the depths of this cave to look for you, but unfortunately the storehouse inside was too complicated, so we returned without success." Mu Feng also said depressedly.

"Hey, when we came here, your minds were bewitched by the illusion of a ghost, but I couldn't understand the illusion, so I had to chase down into the depths of Shendong and kill it, and then you solved the illusion."

"Then there are too many roads in the depths of the cave, and it would be difficult for me to find a way back for a while, so I wasted my time." Xiao Yan also laughed, obviously these words are true, but Xiao Yan omitted it. most of them.

"I also found out that I actually fell into illusion, this cave is really evil, let's go quickly." Mu Feng also said.

Hearing that, the three of them were also about to leave, but unexpectedly, the token on Yueru Yu's hand fell.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What about the numbers on this..." Yueru also discovered that the numbers on the tokens given to them in the trials had actually changed!

The number jumped from the beginning to the current 300!

"Huh?" Wen Yan Mufeng and Xiao Yan also took out their respective tokens but they were surprised to find that the numbers on the two of them also changed!

There is a 310 on the Mufeng token!

And Xiao Yan's token has a height of 400!

"What's going on?" Mu Feng was also surprised. They haven't done anything so far, but the points on this token have changed so much.

"I think this point should be increased by the shadow we met before I killed it."

"The rules of this audition are not to say that as long as you kill the ghosts in the corpse forest, or collect medicinal materials, you can get good points." Xiao Yan also said.

Although Yueru and Mu Feng did not know why they increased so much, but according to the sudden increase of as many as 100 points, the shadow's strength was also extremely strong, so they all looked at Xiao Yan invariably.

"Why are you looking at me like this?" Xiao Yan also felt uncomfortable by the eyes of the two, so he said.

"Xiao Yan, you are really amazing!" Mu Feng also said with a smile, obviously this trial will be more and more interesting.

"What is this?" Yue Ru also found a different button on the token and pressed it gently.

Yueru pressed it lightly, and a ray of light suddenly radiated from the token, and then a huge message appeared in front of the three of them.