Chapter 132: The power of the silent lotus!

At the moment when the twenty-two colored lotus seeds were formed, Xiao Yan trembled, looked down at the tiny lotus seeds in his hands, and murmured in a low voice, "Success!"

The words fell, Xiao Yan's face was rapidly pale, the dazed look in his eyes disappeared suddenly, at the same time, he was almost conditioned reflex, the lotus seeds of twenty-two colors in his hand, slammed into the distance in the shocking Three-winged unicorn in .

The exquisite lotus seeds containing twenty-two colors fell off from Xiao Yan's palm, and then, under the use of gravity in his hand, silently swept through the void, not even a little bit of wind along the way. However, this is the With such a light-hearted posture, the three-winged unicorn, covered in pure white and with scales, suddenly stood upside down...

The exquisite lotus seeds containing twenty-two colors hurriedly shot at the three-winged unicorn. The space that the lotus seeds passed seemed to be sluggish, but just as it was about to reach the latter's 100-meter range, the outermost circle on the lotus seeds appeared. The originally peaceful lotus seat suddenly became violent. The lotus seat shrank and shrunk, and then expanded, and then...

An uncontrollable, earth-shattering explosion sounded above the void...

"Boom boom boom!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Destruction-like energy spreads out from the void, and the void space is bursting with ripples at this moment, a towering mountain peak not far away, the ripples spread, the mountain bursts with a bang, and the fracture is smooth like a mountain. mirror.

At this moment, the Mantian Waterfall in the distance has completely stopped flowing, as if time has stopped!

In two opposite directions, thousands of miles away from the Warcraft Mountains, a few flashes of light and shadows suddenly stopped the sky, and suddenly raised his head to look out of sight, a face like tree bark and a pretty and beautiful face, all over the place Shocked and unbelievable...

"How is it possible, Xiao Yan he..." Feeling the violent energy of the flames that filled the sky, Yue Ru also knew immediately that something had happened to Xiao Yan, and then her beautiful eyes flickered slightly.

"This kid is really restless, what is he doing..." In the luxurious room of the Alchemist Association, Bai Su also raised his head and looked at the terrifying energy group like a mushroom cloud in the faraway Beast Mountains!

"Boom boom boom!"

The splendid lotus of terrifying annihilation fused with twenty-two different fires exploded above the blue sky, like the **** of fire descending on the world, sweeping the sky, and in an instant, the temperature of this world suddenly increased a lot.

Immediately, as the Lotus of Silentness was about to approach the three-winged unicorn, a terrifying energy that was so powerful that even a five-star Doudi expert felt troublesome exploded!

The explosive energy of the Lotus of Destruction is like a mushroom cloud, attracting the attention of the entire Demonic Beast Mountains!

In Qingcheng, countless people looked up stupidly at the terrifying fire wave that swept across the sky. Even though they were separated by thousands of meters, the fiery fire wave still made me sweat profusely. It's like being in a molten hell!

On the blue sky, the fire wave burst out in the shape of a mushroom cloud, with the explosion point as the center, all creatures around it were devastated.

The grove where Xiao Yan was previously was also completely unrecognizable, and the Mantian Waterfall in the distance also lost its traces of flow due to the destructive power of this terrifying lotus of annihilation!

The lotus of annihilation fused by twenty-two different fires would be so terrifying!

The waves of fire all over the sky continued to drift out from the mushroom cloud at the center of the explosion. Wherever the flames went, no grass grew, and even the ground exuded thick high temperatures!

The huge three-winged unicorn, because of its size and the distance from the explosion, was undoubtedly the most violent. In the wave of destruction that swept out, the three-winged unicorn The originally beautiful and white hair on the beast's body was completely shattered by nearly half. On the dark body, the dark red blood continued to seep out, and then it was like rain, and it kept dripping down.

Under the shattered body, several terrifying scars visible to the naked eye spread out, covering almost the entire back of his body. At first glance, it seemed that the white bones could still be faintly seen.

When Xiao Yan had just merged into the Lotus of Destruction. The three-winged unicorn felt an aura of death, and was just about to escape, but was unexpectedly hit by Xiao Yan's soul attack and missed the final escape time. Otherwise, at the speed of the three-winged unicorn, it wanted to It is very easy to avoid this lotus of silence.

After the three-winged unicorn returned to normal, the terrifying lotus of annihilation came to him in a blink of an eye. The three-winged unicorn also hurriedly waved the three pairs of wings on its back, and then the unicorn on its forehead also slowed down. Slowly exuding terrifying power, it surrounded its entire body alone!

The unicorn on the forehead of the three-winged unicorn is known as the hardest and most protective horn!

But even so, under the attack of Xiao Yan's annihilation lotus, the three pairs of pure white wings behind it all fell off, and the blood slowly flowed out from it like a small stream, and the three-winged unicorn's forehead Unicorn also slowly made a cracking sound!

At this point, the three-winged unicorn has a hideous face, and the ridicule has disappeared from the huge beast's eyes. Instead, there is a utter horror, a miserable and embarrassing appearance, and there is no previous pride and arrogance.

On the other hand, Xiao Yan's clothes were also destroyed at this time. Although the lotus of annihilation was fused by himself, the power of this thing was too terrifying, and Xiao Yan was also fused for the first time, so In terms of control, there is not much heat. Looking at the scorched incense on his skin, Xiao Yan is also gasping for breath, and then the medicine pill in the ring is as if he doesn't want money. Go with your mouth!

As soon as a lot of medicinal pills were entered, they turned into pure energies that continuously nourished Xiao Yan's severely injured body.

After doing all this, his eyes returned to the sky, staring at the center of the mushroom cloud, where the three-winged unicorn was located.

"Damn human boy, **** fellow, you lunatic, I hate fighting with lunatics like you the most. If you hadn't had some relationship with that girl, I would have killed you by now!" Far away , The three-winged unicorn finally regained consciousness and felt the state of serious injury in his body. He shivered with his huge body and cursed loudly. He knew in his heart that if it wasn't for Xiao Yan before, it was because he used the terrifying fire lotus for the first time. If the accuracy and control are inaccurate he has no doubts, the current self, I am afraid that he will directly enter the level of deep and serious injury. At that time, his strength will be greatly reduced, and at worst, he will fall on the spot!

Looking at the three-winged unicorn that seemed to still have some strength even though it was seriously injured, Xiao Yan's face darkened slightly, and the remaining fighting spirit in his body was slowly flowing, ready to deal with this furious three-winged unicorn at any time.

However, just as Xiao Yan was preparing to fight, the three-winged unicorn scolded a few times, but shrank away from Xiao Yan.

After a brief pause, the severely injured body of the three-winged unicorn suddenly vibrated violently, and immediately turned around and ran away under Xiao Yan's stunned gaze.

"Mass, you monster, can't I afford to provoke or hide?" The three-winged unicorn swiftly flew towards the sky with its huge body, escaping as fast as it saw a devil!

The means of this human boy in front of him are endless, and even with the strength of the three-winged unicorn, he will not be afraid of Xiao Yan, but unfortunately Xiao Yan is the elder brother of the girl, and the purple-winged angel is not his only position in the angel family. The little three-winged unicorn can handle it, so it is extremely depressing to leave!

"Cough, cough, cough!" Xiao Yan looked at the three-winged unicorn that left, and just wanted to chase after him, but he was helpless because of the injury in his body, so he had to sit cross-legged calmly, and then carefully adjusted the severely injured body!

At the same time, Wucheng, which is far away, is also putting on a good show that cannot be missed.

Ask for a ticket~

Plus more unified at the end of this month,

Continue to add more for a week!