Chapter Vol 4 1191: Saint Rank Intermediate, Waterfall Canopy!

"Kid, die!" A stern voice came from all directions in the village shrouded in the ghost fog, making people unable to distinguish the true direction, but the huge power contained in the black fog made people secretly smack tongue.

"Don't be too happy too soon!" And when he noticed the mysterious man's fierce attack, even Shuiyue couldn't help but be vigilant.

In fact, Shuiyue is still a little worried. After all, although Xiao Yan's soul power is strong, in the final analysis, it is only the strength of the one-star Dou Xian in the early stage. I am afraid that he will not be able to deal with these two-star Dou Xian. If Xiao Yan fails, I am afraid that his end will be bad Where to go……

"Go to hell!" Seeing that Xiao Yan and Shuiyue did not move, the mysterious man suddenly laughed violently, his palms slowly shook, and dozens of phantoms attacked Shuiyue from all directions!

On the palm composed of ghost qi, a wave of black ghost qi fluctuations slowly brewed into existence, such a terrible blow, if it is hit, I am afraid that Shuiyue will be seriously injured if he does not die.

"Dozens of phantoms, each of which is like a real body..."

"Although my attack method is tyrannical, it only has the power of one blow. If I choose the wrong one, I'm afraid..."

"Right now, I can only pin my hopes on this guy. I hope you won't let me down." Shuiyue held her hands tightly, and a tyrannical aura was suppressed in an instant. If Xiao Yan succeeded, Then naturally everyone is happy. If they fail, I am afraid that both of them will be in deep danger.

"Weng buzzing!" A slight voice actually sounded slowly in this ghost fog realm, the sound was like a locust shaking its wings!

"Keep calm and guard your soul!" When the mysterious man concentrated on attacking Shuiyue, Xiao Yan suddenly transmitted a faint sound transmission to Shuiyue's mind.

"What?" Shuiyue heard that, just after protecting her soul realm, she didn't have time to ask Xiao Yan why, and suddenly a very harsh voice sounded slowly in this ghost fog shrouded in ghost qi.

"Crying from the sky!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's soul attack also erupted in an instant!

"Weng buzzing!" Like the sound of countless locusts flapping their wings, it slowly reverberated in this space. The next moment, an invisible energy ripple with violent energy attacked the mysterious man.

The ten figures attacked Shuiyue, but Xiao Yan's invisible soul force shot at the middle figure in an instant!

"How is it possible..." When the mysterious man saw this, his face covered by the black clothes became distorted, and a fear filled his heart.

"Boom boom boom!" In just one breath, Xiao Yan's soul attack silently hit the mysterious man's real body!

Although the mysterious man transformed into ten phantoms with the help of the enchantment, under Xiao Yan's huge soul power, he could see through his real body at a glance. In addition, the mysterious man was concentrating on dealing with Shuiyue. Naturally Xiao Yan's attack was not found, and now he was hit by such a tyrannical soul attack from Xiao Yan, and suddenly a scream resounded through the enchantment.

"The two-star Fighting Immortal powerhouse really lives up to its reputation." After Xiao Yan performed his soul attack, although the mysterious person was injured, the shock force of the mysterious person also made Xiao Yan uncomfortable, and a mouthful of blood suddenly spewed out.

If this guy is also a one-star Dou Xian strong, then the attack of his soul just now, I am afraid that he can be completely wiped out in an instant, but this guy is a two-star Dou Xian!

"This is..." At the next moment, Xiao Yan just wanted to regulate his body, when a stream of clear and transparent water suddenly attached to his body, and even the injury that had just been shaken by the mysterious person was also slowly of healing.

"The rest, leave it to me." Xiao Yan shook his head, and suddenly saw Shuiyue not far from him. At this time, the clear and transparent water flow all over his body slowly wrapped it, even in his pupils. , full of a majestic atmosphere that is not afraid of heaven and earth!

"Susu!"

"You bastards!!!"

"It's a good thing for me, and you all have to die!" The black clothes on the mysterious man who was hit by Xiao Yan's soul attack shattered instantly, revealing his true colors, and he became weak in an instant, obviously suffering from serious injuries. .

"Soul body?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say, obviously he was too familiar with this illusory state.

"Let you feel the true power of the water attribute to fight immortals!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Saint-rank intermediate!"

"Waterfall Sky Curtain!" At the next moment, the water flow around Shuiyue's body quickly flowed, and then a larger flow of water burst out from her body, and then attacked the evil soul body that had already shown its original shape. go.

"It's so strong!" Xiao Yan saw that the water flow that burst out of Shuiyue's body actually formed a huge water curtain with a size of hundreds of feet, like a huge water network that was impenetrable and hungry, and the pressure contained on it It made Xiao Yan feel like he was out of breath!

"How is that possible?" Seeing this, the soul body couldn't help roaring. Obviously, the coercion that this waterfall and sky curtain gave him was like death!

"Boom boom boom!" However, Shuiyue did not give the soul body any chance to hesitate. With a sudden squeeze of the palm, the huge water curtain shot directly at it.

"Crash!" Although the power of the water flow is not strong, the water curtain with a size of hundreds of meters, coupled with the huge momentum, this force is enough to tear any strong person!

"Ah ah ah!" The soul body seemed to have lost the restraint of the black clothes, and its strength dropped significantly. Just when it was touched by the water curtain, a heart-piercing voice resounded throughout the village!

"Bang bang bang!" With such a scream of the soul body, the enchantment of the realm of ghost fog that it casted instantly dissipated.

"etc!"

"Stay alive!" The next moment, the huge water curtain engulfed all the soul body in an instant, and then a rushing voice sounded.

"Oops!" Called by this sudden ~, Shuiyue suddenly lost the breeze just now, regretting.

"These guys are actually hiding something from me, I have to keep a hand!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his hand jumped lightly, and he went directly to the claws of the soul body.

With this trace of the source of his soul, Xiao Yan was able to force him to find out the information he needed.

"Pimple!" The soul body that was swallowed by the water moon and water curtain in the mid-air, but in an instant, the sound of an explosion sounded, and then it turned into a sky full of powder and disappeared.

"Shuiyue, you!" As soon as the earth monkey appeared, he rolled his eyes at Shuiyue.

"I couldn't control it..." Shuiyue also shrugged helplessly, obviously he didn't expect that this guy's two-star fighting immortal's strength would be so vulnerable.

However, Shuiyue obviously didn't know that if it wasn't for Xiao Yan's soul attack being the biggest nemesis of this kind of soul body, I'm afraid a middle-level saint-level fighting skill, Waterfall Tianmu, wouldn't be able to kill him.

"Any clues..." Yu Yifeng and the others also came to the village. Looking at the messy village, they couldn't help but say.

"It's fine for now."

"All the people who attacked this village are dead..."

"But one thing is strange, it seems that these guys are not human..."

"Almost all of them are soul bodies." Shuiyue shook her head and said.

"Soul body?" But when he heard this sentence, the always quiet old man village chief shrank his pupils tightly, and a trace of fear flashed in his eyes!

End of this chapter