Chapter Vol 4 1792: Demon Trial!

With the help of the strange light flashing in the test object, Xiao Yan tried to see clearly the face of the fifth sin Sima, and couldn't help frowning.

Xiao Yan didn't know who the fifth sin was, Sima, but the strength of the guy in front of him was only a complete Six Star Fighting Immortal. He had dark green hair and dark green pupils. He looked like a living human being, and his scarlet skin seemed to emit light. There was a strong stench.

"No, you are not Mal." After a while, Xiao Yan frowned and shook his head.

The laboratory in front of him is extremely strange, but the mysterious man in front of him is not like the Fifth Sin Sima, because the deadly oppression on the Sin Sect is unique and definitely not something this guy can have.

"Hmph, the master has now carried out the most important experiment to the last step. As for the trash fish like you, let me clean up for the master." The mysterious man said disapprovingly.

He was very puzzled as to why Xiao Yan had the courage to break into this place with the help of the criminal's hand?

"It seems that you do have some shameful things..." Xiao Yan laughed when he heard this.

Originally, this trip to the sea was to explore the secrets of toxins. Even if this is the devil's lair, even if the strong here are invincible, it is necessary to make a breakthrough.

As for the Jasmine mercenary group and Zhang Yu, I am afraid they have already achieved their goals. As for the future, it is not important anymore. Successfully reaching this point, Xiao Yan has enough confidence to find the culprit, but Xiao Yan has been neglecting Zhang Yu's Identity, when Zhang Yu was imprisoned in the cage, she was already building a grand summoning scroll, trying to summon the angels. After a long time, a **** like a **** descended this time, and there was also an explosion here. A unique battle.

"Do you know why humans are afraid of me?"

"Remember, I am the proudest student of the master, Gamma." Seeing Xiao Yan not panicking at all, even fearless, a gloomy smile appeared at the corner of Gamma's mouth.

"Because I am the guide of disaster."

"No matter what heinous crimes you have committed, this time I will send you on your way." Xiao Yan ignored Gamma's questioning, his tone was filled with an extremely arrogant look.

Even though the power of his fire attribute has been greatly reduced above the sea area, the disease of the emperor and the bite of Shuiyuan City are largely due to the devil's lair, and Xiao Yan must do his best.

Even if it was for Lin Yunshu, Xiao Yan would not miss this opportunity, and if he could arrest the Fifth Criminal Division, he might be able to obtain a lot of useful information.

The most important thing is that since entering the devil's lair, the amber-colored holy flame crystals in Xiao Yan's body, which are fused with four-color holy flames, have been shaking. It seems to remind Xiao Yan that there are vicious demons coveting here. It seems that Sheng Yanjing is longing for something in this isolated island, or... energy.

"Fengyou, step back, I'll meet him." Just finished speaking, the dark green pupils of Gamma flashed bursts of dim light. Under the control of this dim light, the surrounding humans actually came alive like walking dead. growled at it.

"Sir, you need to be as soon as possible, the master needs your help in the final step of the test, and the material of this fairyland soul cannot be easily damaged." There is no need to worry, after all, the combat power between the two is too different.

"It doesn't matter... kill it first!"

"Acacia Flame Domain!"

"Swallowing inflammation!"

"Fighting Soul!" Seeing such a terrifying scene, Xiao Yan did not hesitate at all, the strength in his body skyrocketed in an instant, and with the aid of the increase of the two, his strength directly reached the level of the late Six Star Fighting Immortal.

After the rest, a majestic fiery red soul shadow was outlined behind Xiao Yan, like a most loyal and simple guard, the endless majestic gray fire feathers covered the soul shadow, guarding every inch of Xiao Yan's skin.

"Tsk tsk tsk... I can't tell that he is still a hidden guy."

"But that's not enough, give it to me!" Looking at Xiao Yan's sudden momentum, Gamma said coldly.

He Gamma is the most proud disciple of the fifth sin Sima. He controls tens of thousands of sea beasts and humans, and dealing with a guy in the late stage of the Six Star Fighting Immortal is not like killing an ant.

"Strange, this guy's aura seems a little weird, am I overthinking it?" Seeing Xiao Yan's soaring strength and the huge shadow of fighting spirit wrapped in his gray fire feathers, the sinner Feng You hid in the laboratory In the dark, vigilant.

"Tear it!" The six human beings lost their intelligence and turned into walking corpses. They directly used the most primitive bite, and burst out with a violent aura like a beast, rushing towards Xiao Yan with speed and strength. Strong, turned out to be no less than an ordinary six-star fighting immortal mid-stage powerhouse.

"These guys have no blood or anger in their bodies, and even their souls and essence have been drained, and there is no chance of resurrection."

"The fifth crime Sima, what exactly are they studying here?" Xiao Yan's body was wriggling, and the gray fire feathered into a dazzling rainbow light, resisting the attack of the six walking dead, Xiao Yan's eyes kept on The laboratory swiped and muttered.

"Hoohoho!" Being stopped by Xiao Yan, the dark green hair suddenly grew wildly on the bodies of the six walking corpses. In a short period of time, it turned into a length of tens of meters, and it turned out to be a huge evil net. Following Xiao Yan's suppression, the evil net contained a strange force that could easily obliterate Xiao Yan.

"Not good!" Just now, all thoughts were on the laboratory space. Seeing the dark green hair of the six walking corpses attacking him, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and a strong depression appeared in him. mind.

It seems that the breath contained in this dark green hair, once attacked him, even if he has holy flame body protection, I am afraid that he will pay a very heavy price.

"Can't be dragging..."

"Immortal Mighty Sparrow!"

"Immortal Fire Feather!" At this moment, Xiao Yan's eyes became sharp, and the shadow around his body was like a phoenix soaring for nine days. He gently stretched his wings, his wings shook, and pieces of gray fire feathers fell off slightly, and immediately turned into a death ray. , rushing towards the dark green evil net composed of six walking dead humans 咻咻! "With a sound, the fire feather just touched the dark green evil net, and it immediately extinguished like a moth to the fire, but the dark green evil net was also burned, and for a while, an extremely pungent fishy smell continued to spread. Open, it is clear that the two are evenly matched.

"This guy...it seems a bit complicated." Looking at the sky, he was able to fight with six powerful men who were comparable to the middle stage of the human six-star fighting immortal. Gamma's dry tongue licked gently, some strange Thoughts popped up in his mind.

The more powerful the guy is, the more valuable it is to study. Obviously, some of Xiao Yan's secrets have successfully attracted Gamma.

"Sir, it's getting late, you go and help the master to complete the final test, here, leave it to me." Seeing that Gamma could not solve Xiao Yan in a short time, the sinner Feng You walked over and said softly.

"Well... everything we do is for today's test. As long as this test is successful, we will become the whole sin..."

"Oh no, the entire sky, even the biggest hero of the entire Great Thousand World!"

"Susu!"

"Fengyou... catch this guy, I want to live!" A mysterious dark green light beam wriggled around Gamma's body, and suddenly the void in front of him trembled. He stepped out and disappeared directly here. , seems to be heading deeper into the devil's lair.