Chapter 155: Mysterious disappearance!

"Next, I will take you to test your talents. It's up to you to decide how many talents you can classify." After speaking, he looked at Xiao Yan with great interest.

As soon as Hu Du's voice fell, the dou qi light group riding on the nine people slowly landed on the ground.

As soon as everyone reached the ground, they immediately got up and stretched out.

Who would have expected that when he turned his head, he saw a huge square a thousand meters away, and behind the square were some quite exquisite buildings.

Whether it was the square or the side of the building, there were some well-trained soldiers guarding it. Seeing this heavily guarded place, Xiao Yan didn't look too hard.

"Master Hu has worked hard. Master Hu, let's go and rest. It's just fine for these people to take it for the test."

Watching Hu Du and the nine people slowly descend to the ground, the man who was standing on the ground wearing the word "puppet" in his clothes respectfully faced Hu Dudao.

"No, it just so happens that I have to go too, let's go together." Hu Du also refused. On the one hand, there are people among these people who need his special attention. He also wants to know what kind of talent this Xiao Yan can be rated, and the third rank should be reluctant. But even if it is a third-class talent, he can get a lot of benefits.

On the other hand, Hu Du was also worried. After all, he still had some right to speak here. If something happened to the two of them, he wouldn't be able to explain it to Yueyu. After all, the two had a deadly friendship.

"Yeah." The man wearing the word "puppet" also replied softly, and then led the way in front.

"This is the senior brother of the puppet mansion who is in charge of taking your test, and his name is Mo Chen."

"At a young age, he has reached the strength of a four-star Dou Di, and his ability to manipulate puppets with one hand is not weak." Hu Du also introduced to everyone.

"Hello, Senior Brother Mo." Several people present also said respectfully. After all, when you first came to the ramp, you must have some etiquette.

Xiao Yan also discovered that although Mo Chen's strength is only in the early stage of the four-star Dou Di, it is easy for him to deal with it, but he is a "puppet mansion" after all. It also felt quite exhausting. After all, since this puppet technique is stronger than his master, the Golden Dragon King, he is also highly praised.

Mo Chen took the lead, Hu Du was behind, Xiao Yan and the others followed them towards the huge square.

"Master Hu, you are already the last batch of people who have been picked up here, and all the people who have been picked up from other places have been tested until yesterday." Mo Chen also said.

"Hey, there's no way. After all, it's on the edge of our Xuanling Continent. It's to be expected that the back and forth will take a long time." Hu Du also laughed.

"Master Hu has found a good seedling this time?" Mo Chen also joked.

Because everyone knows that picking up messengers is a tiring job, not to mention the boring time of going back and forth. On the way to pick up and lead, if you encounter some people with bad intentions attacking, it will not be worth the loss.

However, as a price, as long as the envoy can find a disciple with third-class talent, the sect that the disciple joins in the future will also give the envoy some considerable compensation.

"Are you a good seedling..."

"There are just a few." He also looked at the nine people behind him, and laughed.

"How many people are there in our contact point this time? How many people are talented?" Hu Du also suddenly remembered and asked.

"This..." Mo Chen couldn't help being speechless when Hu Du asked this question. This is some secret that can't be said. I really blame myself for this...

However, the relationship between Uncle Hu Du and the person in charge of our contact point seems to be good...

"I forgot all about it, I can't say it." Hu Du also looked at Mo Chen and said.

"Neither."

"Our takeover test site this time is divided into thirty-six, and we are one of them. According to the statistics of yesterday, the total number of people who came here is 1,361."

"There are a total of 1,300 people who have passed the talent test. It is strange to say that there are 61 people who disappeared out of thin air. This can make the person in charge of our stronghold anxious. After all, our people can come here when they see it with their own eyes. I got off the ferry and walked towards the test site in the square, but I didn't find these 61 people..." Mo Chen also frowned, obviously this matter bothered them.

This is a test and selection competition organized by the nine super sects in the Xuantian three days. Whoever eats the guts of the bear heart and leopard will not dare to be arrogant here, let alone grab it out of thin air in this heavily guarded stronghold and come to join the sect disciple.

After all, the Dou Di Continent is an upper plane, and it is not comparable to the Dou Qi Continent. If a Dou Di powerhouse wants to break open space out of thin air, it is only necessary to reach the six-star Dou Di and above.

"Huh? How come?"

"I remember this kind of thing never happened before." Hu Du also began to ponder.

Because sixty-one people were missing, it was enough to show the importance of this matter.

"Hey, how can there be some residual aura similar to the ghosts in the ghost world? Although it is very weak, it seems that it has been covered up by people." Just when Xiao Yan heard that Mo Chen said that sixty-one people were missing , in the ring, his master Jinlong also said suddenly and quietly.

When Xiao Yan heard what his master Jinlong King said, he also rolled his eyes thoughtfully, and then followed Mo Chen and Hu Du and walked towards the back of the square.

Yue Ru, who was on the side, passed by the place Xiao Yan had just had, and was suddenly dizzy, and then the mysterious rune on her forehead slowly emitted an inconspicuous light.

Xiao Yan also kept an eye on Yueru's state at all times, and just felt that something was wrong with Yueru, and before she could ask any more questions, Yueru fell to the ground as if she had collapsed.

To say that it is late is fast. Xiao Yan, who has a quick eye and a quick hand, supports Yue Ru and doesn't care about other things. The gentle power in his body is transmitted to Yue Ru's body.

After Xiao Yan's gentle power within her body, Yue Ru's beautiful eyes moved slightly, and then she was dripping with sweat.

"Are you all right?" Xiao Yan also said solemnly, obviously not knowing what happened to Yueru.

"It's alright, I just suddenly lost my strength for no apparent reason. I'm much better now." Yueru also said.

Then Yueru also saw Xiao Yan's one hand supporting her shoulder, the other hand sending gentle power from her lower abdomen, so Yueru turned red without even passing through her ears.

"It's fine I'll help you go." Xiao Yan also looked at the tired Yue Ru and said.

"Yeah." Yueru also said softly.

"Oh, it's actually an automatic protector. It seems that the power of inheritance on this girl is really extraordinary..."

"But looking at the power of inheritance, as I expected, it should be a life-and-death enemy with that ghost world..." The Golden Dragon King also said to himself when he discovered Yueru's sudden voluminous mark.

"Have you reported to the above?" Hu Du obviously realized the importance of the matter, and his tone of speech changed.

"no……"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It was suppressed by our person in charge." Mo Chen was also frightened by this sudden momentum.

"Who is the person in charge here!"

"Immediately! Take me to see him immediately!" Hu Du also shouted loudly, and then scolded him. This is a joke about other people's lives...

"Yes, it's your senior brother Fu Ye..." Mo Chen quickly agreed.

"Fuye, take me to see him!"

"What about these people?"

"go together."

After the two of them finished speaking, they speeded up and walked towards an exquisite room at the back of the square.

When everyone in the back heard the words, they also knew the importance of the matter, and immediately followed without hesitation.

Ask for a ticket~