Chapter Vol 4 1631: The main event, the 5th floor!

"Does Phobos dominate...and a good name." The Master of Soul Eater laughed when he heard the words.

"I'm afraid this guy's specific combat strength can only be found out in actual combat. Now, I'm not in a hurry for the time being." As soon as the voice fell, the red shadow behind Xiao Yan gradually disappeared, and the speed behind him was returning to normal, but Xiao Yan was It is clear that the power of the mutated Phobon Master should not be underestimated. After all, it is also a fusion of his own fire attribute energy, and his own fire attribute energy is far superior to the powerhouse of the same level, so the strength of Phobon Master is also a geometric multiple. increase.

"Although the Shadow Master has mutated and transformed into the current Phobos Master, I remember that this guy has the power to open the gate of the underworld, but no one has been able to explore it since ancient times." Watching Xiao Yan's move, the Soul Eater Master Dao murmured, his voice was filled with surprise. Obviously, the so-called underworld, even if it is as tyrannical as the master of this soul-devouring domain, is also a palpitation.

"Underworld?" Xiao Yan frowned upon hearing this, and a trace of doubt emerged.

"The underworld is quite strange. You may be able to go there when you have time. For you, there should be a lot of good things there." The Lord of Soul Eater grinned.

"Well, I wrote it down." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, obviously it was not unreasonable for the Soul Eater to speak like this.

"Let's go... This place is about to collapse." Seeing Xiao Yan sorting out his breath, the two bodies were shaking, and they were directly strung into the space channel, heading towards the deepest part, and the deepest part was not Immediately teleported, but fixed.

The fifth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda is fixed, because this is where the treasures of the Earth Spirit Academy exist.

"Wong Buzz!"

"Is it an illusion..."

"Why did the breath of the eight-star fighting immortals permeate the Earth Spirit Pagoda just now?" Suddenly, in the deepest part of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, a dry voice slowly emerged, and it was immediately silent, but it was filled with hungry breath. , turned out to be more powerful than the disciples of the eight-star Dou Xian early stage and their dean!

And here is the core of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, the fifth floor!

At the same time, when Xiao Yan walked towards the fifth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, many things happened outside.

Among them, Xiao Zifan and the others had just escaped from the Earth Spirit Pagoda when they were intercepted by the powerful men in the underground courtyard, but fortunately, the two were powerful, so they avoided it easily. They turned around in circles, so they went to the location of Xiao Gui. As for the others, people in the underground courtyard were panicked, because the strange things that came out of the earth spirit pagoda made them vaguely uneasy in their hearts.

Several powerhouses in the Earth Spirit Pagoda have left one after another. This is a disaster for the Earth Spirit Institute. After all, the existence of the Earth Spirit Pagoda is not only to store the treasures of the Earth Spirit Institute, but also to suppress countless opponents. The Lord of Souls has a threatening enemy.

Furthermore, the Qidu Yin Soul Lamp is the treasure of the entire Earth Spirit Academy. If this thing is lost, I am afraid that the great powers of their Earth Spirit Academy will also face the threat of being impeached by other courtyards. After all, This thing is personally stored in the Earth Spirit Pagoda by the Lord of Li Soul. I am afraid that in the fifth floor, apart from the Lord of Li Soul, even the great master of the Earth Spirit Academy does not know what it looks like.

"Let's talk about it... what should we do now." In a rather imposing hall in the underground courtyard, at this time, five figures stood slowly. The most powerful person in the terrestrial courtyard today.

Among the five people, two are Headmaster Wen and Headmaster Ai. As for the other three, their identities are quite mysterious, but if the Soul Eater is here, one would be able to know that these three are from the present grounds. Chief, Deputy Dean, and Chief Executive Officer of the District Court.

The dean and vice dean of the prefectural college do not listen to the affairs of the college all day, and are busy with their own affairs. Most of the affairs in the college are left to the three head teachers and the CEO to make decisions.

"Sir, the guy who has entered the Earth Spirit Pagoda is named Xiao Yan, and he is the one designated by the dean of the Spiritual Academy to protect him, and because his subordinates made an agreement with him, so..." After a while, Headmaster Wen and Ai Zhang The teacher's face sank, and they said helplessly, how did they know that Xiao Yan was so perverted and turned the Earth Spirit Pagoda upside down.

The two of them had made a deal with Headmaster Lingfeng before, but that deal was finally turned around by Xiao Yan, so it was unreasonable for them to try to end Xiao Yan's experience at this time.

"Two adults, this is what happened." The CEO heard the words and explained what happened at the beginning.

"Confused..."

"The two of you are also highly respected head teachers in the courtyard, why are you so confused!" After listening to the CEO's remarks, the vice president couldn't help frowning and scolding.

"Forget it... that's the only way it can be done." After a while, the head of the grounds above the first place slowly opened his dark eyes and shook his head.

Since Xiao Yan is the person designated to protect by the dean of the Spiritual Academy, in addition to the agreement between them and him, even if they make a move, I am afraid it will not be so easy to successfully bring Xiao Yan out of the Earth Spirit Pagoda. After all, the dean of the Spiritual Academy Such a short-tempered character...

"Don't mention this again... everything is the same." After a while, the dean of the grounds said solemnly.

"But my lord... This guy is too weird. If the treasure of our Earth Spirit Academy is intercepted by him..." Hearing these words, the vice president couldn't help but say.

"If that's the case, then we can only admit it."

"Okay, let's go here." As soon as the voice fell, the first figure disappeared directly, leaving behind a group of staring powerhouses.

"Hey..." Several people looked at each other and shook their heads helplessly.

"You know what you're interested in... but something seems to be amiss recently The trace of the Lord of Li Soul is quite strange, and the number of guards in his temple has also increased a lot. I don't know if something happened. "Outside the void of the main hall, the figure of the dean of the Lingyuan also dissipated. Obviously, since Xiao Yan entered the Earth Spirit Pagoda, this guy has not been less worried.

On the other side, in the Spiritual Academy, following the actions of the Director of the Spiritual Academy and the resignation of the two Headmasters, the only Headmaster in the academy was very happy. Maintain its order in an orderly manner.

In the Earth Spirit Pagoda, with the passage of time, Xiao Yan also slowly entered the deepest part of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, which is the highlight of the Earth Spirit Pagoda this time!

The fifth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda!

"The fifth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda is almost here. I hope the Qidu Yinhunzhan is really here." Looking at the bright light at the end of the space passage in front of him, Xiao Yan's heart surged with concern. in.

"Strange... There seems to be some familiar aura in this fifth floor, is it an illusion?" The Soul Eater, who was hiding in Xiao Yan's body, shook his head slightly. Obviously, with his huge perception, he was shocked by the bright light. There was a slight difference in the breath.