Chapter Vol 4 859: Dragonfly Legion

"Heavenly Silk Ice Hand?" Wang Xie was shocked, looking at the pure white light in Solomon's hand, and immediately opened his mouth.

From the pure white halo, Wang Xie could feel that he was in a powerful poisonous gas and could not cause any harm!

I remember that my master said that in this world, there are only three things that can isolate the seven-faced magic spider. Undoubtedly, the thing that appeared in the hands of the Solomon Sect Master in front of him is one of them.

Celestial Silk Ice Hand, this is a kind of thing like a glove. Wearing it, it can isolate most of the venom and poisonous gas in the world. Although this kind of thing is extremely difficult to manufacture, and it is only a one-time thing, it can be used against the seven-faced demon spider. , that's enough!

"You have eyesight."

"but……"

"It's over!" Sect Master Solomon finished speaking, but the corner of his mouth smiled sinisterly, and then, under Wang Xie's shocked gaze, with the help of the special isolation power of silk ice hands, he directly penetrated into the seven-faced demon with his hands. In the body of the spider!

"嘁偁嘁!" Sect Master Solomon's hands had just penetrated into the body of the seven-faced demon spider, and suddenly the seven-faced demon spider made an extremely harsh sound.

The Seven-faced Demon Spider is powerful, but being hit by the Solomon Sect Master like this, I am afraid that it will not escape the end of the fall!

"Stop, you bastard!"

"You can't die!" Seeing this, Wang Xie immediately realized what Solomon's Lord was doing, and immediately his pupils turned red, cursing at Solomon's Lord.

"Explode!" The Solomon Sect Master naturally ignored Wang Xie, and suddenly squeezed, and suddenly an extremely tyrannical force came out, and the seven-faced demon spider turned into a blood mist in the sky and disappeared in this space!

The smell of blood and poison filled the space.

"You old bastard!" Seeing this, Wang Xie spat out a big mouthful of green blood from his body!

These seven-faced magic spiders are both prosperous and prosperous with Wang Xie. Now that the seven-faced magic spiders have completely fallen, Wang Xie has naturally suffered indelible damage.

"You could have killed me just now, but you young people are too frivolous, so you missed the best chance."

"So, in order to make up for this mistake, you should also die!" Before Wang Xie could finish speaking, a strange smile appeared on the corner of Solomon's mouth, and then his figure moved, and the dazzling power of life and death emerged in his hand, directly facing Wang Xie. .

"Master Solomon, today's hatred, tomorrow's repayment!" Wang Xie was seriously injured, and he knew that it was not suitable to stay here for a long time, and then he gritted his teeth, spit out a mouthful of blood, and sprayed it directly into the triangle formation under his feet. As Wang Xie did this, the triangular formation instantly burst out with a mysterious power, and then Wang Xie's body turned into a black poisonous gas and disappeared instantly.

"Running really fast."

"But it's not my wish to have such a big hatred with Wandu Sect."

"Forget it, the top priority now is to bring the fighting spirit back first, and when I devour the fighting spirit, let alone a mere ten thousand poison sect, even the entire Xuantian three days, I am afraid it will not be able to help me!"

"Hahaha!" Master Solomon's frantic voice echoed only in this molten world.

"Guni, you did a good job this time. After you go back, Solomon's twelve masters will definitely have your place."

"When the time comes, the resources in the gate will also be tilted towards you." Solomon's sect master also did not forget Guni's credit, and immediately said.

"The disciple thanked the sect master!" Guni heard the words and was overjoyed immediately!

Solomon's twelve masters, such attractive conditions, can be said to be jealous!

Because once you become one of Solomon's twelve masters, your future achievements will be limitless!

And Solomon's resources are huge, and it's easy to say that the resources are tilted, but Gunny knows that his good day is coming!

"Let's go!" After Sect Master Solomon finished speaking, he glanced at the extremely quiet undead underworld sparrow, and then spoke.

"Let's go!" Gu Ni also nodded secretly when he heard the words, then took the Vast Sea Cover in his palm and exited towards the molten world.

"These humans are really capable." The Undead Mingque looked at a few people quietly. Anyway, with the strength of the Undying Mingque, if he wanted to break free, it would undoubtedly be extremely easy, but the time had not come.

“Wonderful and wonderful.”

"I didn't expect that the Solomon Sect Master could kill the seven-faced demon spider."

"I thought that thing would be a thorny trouble."

"It seems that I really want to thank Sect Master Solomon." Just as the two were about to leave, Qi Haoqing suddenly clapped his palms and laughed.

"Qi Haoqing, I advise you to go back quickly."

"Your brother was killed by Xiao Yan, why are you still here, you bastard?"

"If you want to court death, I can fulfill you!" Guni heard the words, and a murderous intent emerged.

With his own Solomon Lord, Gunny will not be polite to this guy.

However, when Solomon's eyes saw Qi Haoqing, he gestured to Gu Ni not to speak.

"Well?" Facing the sudden scene of the door owner, Gunny was a little confused.

"I didn't expect you to still come." After a while, Solomon spoke slightly to Qi Haoqing. Obviously, with just one glance, Solomon's sect master knew that the person in front of him was no longer Qi Haoqing.

"Since you know, then hand over the fighting spirit, so as not to let me do it." Qi Haoqing said.

"Do it?"

"Sect Master, this Qi Haoqing is just a powerhouse in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, we don't need to be afraid of him." Gunny naturally didn't know Qi Haoqing's changes and said doubtfully.

"This guy is no longer Qi Haoqing." Facing Guni's question, Sect Master Solomon sighed slightly.

"What?" Guni heard the words, and immediately turned his attention to Qi Haoqing and found that this guy's aura was extremely evil, and even had an aura that made him fearful, which was clearly different from Qi Haoqing!

"How could this be?" Gunny was shocked when he heard the words.

"It seems that this guy is used as a medium to transport the powerful members of the Xuanling royal family into the ruins."

"This King Xuanling is ruthless, yet he is so ruthless." Solomon Sect Master said.

"Since you don't pay, don't worry, someone will treat you well!"

"Hahaha!" Qi Haoqing's crazy voice sounded slowly, and as Qi Haoqing's voice sounded, suddenly, an unusually flickering special mark in his body slowly emitted a dazzling light!

And the next moment, the mark on Qi Haoqing released a formation in the space in front of the three!

That formation, the space squirms slightly, it seems that someone is about to come!

"After doing all this, Qi Haoqing slightly restrained the evil aura on his body, but he knew that everyone in the Dragon-loving Legion still hates the power of evil."

However, according to King Xuanling's vigilance, other people should not know that King Xuanling cooperates with foreign evil races. After all, only a few people in the Dragon-loving Legion know that King Xuanling, soul clan and even ghost world have some contacts.

"Old guy, I haven't seen you for a long time. I didn't expect you to be promoted to half-immortal. This makes me very unhappy." As the space was opened, a group of figures suddenly emerged from it.

"All the Dragon-loving Legions of the Xuanling Royal Family?"

"Qin Tian..." The Solomon Sect Master looked at the people in front of him, but a feeling of powerlessness was born in his heart!

He knew that today, I am afraid there will be a fierce battle! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: