Chapter 247: The chaotic corpse forest!

"In the end, it's really cheap, you two, master and apprentice..." The old man known as the Nine Soul Stele looked at the Golden Dragon King and said quite painfully.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also overjoyed, his eyes fixed on the Nine Souls Monument in front of him.

Since the Nine Souls Stele is responsible for suppressing the twin ghost emperors, he must know the treasures in it!

"Hehehe, it's still you taking advantage of the sky. After all, although this ghost emperor has broken the seal, to a certain extent, you have recovered your own identity, right?"

"You don't want to be cheap and sell well..." The Golden Dragon King also said sarcastically.

"Golden Dragon King, your character hasn't changed at all..." Jiuhun Monument also laughed, not showing any displeasure because of Jinlong's sarcasm.

In front of Xiao Yan, as the stone tablet was shattered by the black river water in the forbidden waters, the woman in white was standing out of thin air, but a huge ghost energy was constantly radiating from the body, and then slowly surrounded Woman in white.

After Xiao Yan entered the Sealed Gate, Yueru and Mu Feng stood quietly outside the Sealed Gate, constantly paying attention to the movement around them. On the one hand, they wanted to see if there was any change in the Sealed Gate. On the other hand, it was also to wait for Xiao Yan.

"It's been a long time, why hasn't it healed yet..." Yueru also walked around anxiously, obviously very worried about Xiao Yan's safety.

"It's not an option for you to be in such a hurry..." Mu Feng also comforted.

"But there must be powerful ghosts sealed in the door of the seal. I'm worried about Xiao Yan..."

"I knew I wouldn't let him in..." Yueru also seemed to be hesitant to speak.

"By the way, Mu Feng, can you use that method again to send me in..." Yue Ru also bit her lips slightly, then looked at Mu Feng stubbornly.

"This is horrible..."

"Let's not say that the method I used just now consumes my vindictive aura. In this soul-suppressing well, which is full of ghost qi without a trace of vindictive qi, the vindictive qi in my body has only recovered a little until now..."

"So I can't use it in a short period of time, and even if I can use it, I won't let you in, it's too dangerous..."

"I don't think you will be allowed in even if Xiao Yan is here." Mu Feng also said slowly.

"Is... Xiao Yan entrusted you..." Yue Ru also said in disbelief.

"Well, that's right, I promised him not to say it a long time ago, but I still said it, hey..." Mu Feng also sighed faintly.

"Xiao Yan..." Yueru's eyes narrowed slightly, not knowing what she was thinking.

"This soul-suppressing well is really an evil sect. Even his own vindictiveness can't be recovered, so he can only rely on medicinal pills to recover..." Mu Feng also complained.

After all, the strong Dou Di has long been able to continuously absorb the fighting energy between heaven and earth to supplement their own consumption. The effect of this soul-suppressing well will undoubtedly break an arm of the strong Dou Di.

Yueru also seemed to be hesitant to speak, and then she didn't speak, she just took out the competition token in her hand, and there were only five days left on the token...

"Five days left..."

"I remember that Uncle Hu Du said that when there are four days left in the competition time, it will be the dark moon in the corpse forest..." Mu Feng also changed from the joking just now to a serious expression.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yinyue?" Yueru was also slightly surprised, apparently it was the first time she heard of this kind of thing, but she only felt what Mu Feng said just now that the vindictiveness in the soul-suppressing well could not be recovered.

"Yes, it's the cloudy moon."

"It is said that there will be some strange phenomena in this corpse forest."

"When you were on the first and second floors of the Infernal Corpse Forest, I believe you also looked up at the sky in the Infernal Corpse Forest." Mu Feng also said.

"This corpse forest is surrounded by ghosts all day long, and it is impossible to distinguish between day and night!" Yueru also suddenly remembered something and said.

"right!"

"And this cloudy moon is an extremely rare moon that appears in the shadowy corpse forest. It's just that this moon is different from the usual one..."

"This moon is made up of the ghostly energy in the corpse forest, so the moment the cloudy moon appears, all the ghosts in the corpse forest will increase in strength..." Mu Feng also said solemnly.

"And the vindictive energy in our bodies can't rely on the energy supply in the corpse forest, only through the power of medicinal pills..." Before Yueru was surprised, Mu Feng also said.

"This..." At this time, Yueru also realized that the matter of the yin moon was serious, so she couldn't help but become serious.

"Xiao Yan, you have to hurry up..."

"Otherwise there will be no time..." After he finished speaking, he closed his eyes and prayed for Xiao Yan in his heart.

"This wave is..." In a dark cave, Mu Yingying bit her lips slightly, and then stared at the place far away.

"It's the twin ghost emperors!" The Heavenly Fire Sacred Flame on the side was also extremely surprised.

He was familiar with this terrifying ghost. He was the overlord in the corpse forest back then, but with the invasion of the twin ghost emperors, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was also defeated. Unfortunately, the twin ghost emperors were too powerful, so Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger is also quite afraid.

It's just that the twin ghost emperors were sealed separately by the supreme powers within Xuantian three days. Otherwise, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger would not have today.

"Little Ancestor, let's go."

"I don't know who broke into the door of the seal that seals the twin ghost emperors. The twin ghost emperors will reappear in this corpse forest soon after the horror..." Tianhuo Shenghu was also afraid.

"Don't be afraid of the big tiger, I'm here." Mu Yingying also smiled quietly, and then picked up something on a stone platform in front of her with her jade hand.

It was a jade pendant with a green body, but I didn't know there was anything mysterious about it, but since it could exist in the depths of the soul-suppressing well, it was definitely not a mortal thing.

"Strange Why does the person who broke into the door of the seal look a bit like that guy named Xiao Yan..." Mu Yingying also bit her lip slightly, she was extremely puzzled.

"Strange, why did the contact between me and the Mu family have been cut off..."

"No, this is the way we use to communicate..." A fat man was also surprised.

Fatty is obviously Fatty Luo Guang, who is known as King Kong's not bad, but there is a woman beside Fatty.

"It should be eliminated." The woman also said casually.

"The three brothers of the Mu family, even I am quite apprehensive when they join hands, how could it be..." Luo Guang also shook his head, obviously things would not be so simple.

"Anyway, be careful. According to the information I got, everyone in the top ten entered the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest." Luo Guang was also alert.

"I'm not interested in other trash fish. What I'm looking for is Mu Yingying. I want it first." The woman also said casually.

"Damn it, the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest is so weird..." Qiu Huoniao also said, obviously the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest brought them a lot of pressure.

"Let's go, find Xiao Yan, and if we grab his points, we will be in the top three!" Qiu Huaniao finished speaking, and walked towards the depths of the third floor.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Why do you have some familiar questions on your body..." The woman who thought she was quite beautiful also spoke slowly, but on top of her jade hand, a few rather well-behaved snakes were also slowly entwining.

Ask for tickets!