Chapter Vol 4 874: Moon Fairy Inheritance Stone

"Susu!" At this moment, everyone in the hall was quiet.

Their eyes were all staring at Xiao Yan who directly used the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire to penetrate Ming Zun's entire body in midair!

And that Ming Zun, after being hit by Xiao Yan, the evil power in his body was drained quickly, and in just a few breaths, it was completely absorbed by Xiao Yan!

However, Xiao Yan's actions were extremely concealed. As soon as he was killed, the Ming Zun immediately flashed with holy flames, burning out the last trace of the evil power of the Ming Zun. So far, this Ming Zun has completely fallen!

At this time, the Soul Eater Talisman in Xiao Yan's body was absorbing Ming Zun's power continuously.

It is strange to say that although the power of Ming Zun is extremely evil, every time the Soul Eater Talisman absorbs, the evil power will not affect him in the slightest.

"After absorbing so much power, your strength should be back to fighting immortals at this time, right?" The Golden Dragon King suddenly appeared and asked the Soul Devouring Talisman.

"En." The Soul Eater in the Soul Eater said directly. After all, he knew the identity of the Golden Dragon King, and there was nothing to hide.

"Xiao Yan and I will go to the ghost world in the future, and I hope you can help us at that time." The Golden Dragon King said with a smile.

"No problem, I am more familiar with the ghost world than you." The Lord of Soul Eater was naturally happy when he heard the words. After all, if Xiao Yan and the Golden Dragon King went to the ghost world, he would be able to follow them and get a lot of benefits, so why not? for.

After a few breaths of communication between the two, Zidu calmed down immediately after accepting the ring.

After doing all this, Xiao Yan's body suddenly fell towards the bottom of the hall.

"Are you alright?" Mu Yingying quickly caught Xiao Yan at the place where Xiao Yan had fallen.

"No...it's fine." Xiao Yan said with a little difficulty.

However, Xiao Yan's current situation is extremely pessimistic, his breath is extremely weak, and his face is pale.

"As expected of the guy chosen by Xiao Mu, he is still as crazy as him." Cang Yue walked slightly to Xiao Yan's side, and a pure power was injected into Xiao Yan's body, and Xiao Yan's condition was a little better.

And Yutu and Yueru also stepped forward slightly.

With Cang Key's eyes, it is natural to know that at the last moment, Xiao Yan mobilized the power of his whole body, coupled with the power of the holy flame, he burst out the strongest blow, killing Ming Zun directly.

However, this kind of practice of hurting one thousand enemies and one hundred and eight hundred, probably no one else would do it except Xiao Yan.

"I originally wanted to kill the two ghosts of the Netherworld, but they ran away unexpectedly." Xiao Yan's expression had just recovered, and then he spoke.

"Okay, you've done a good job."

"I will naturally handle the rest." Cang Yue said with a smile, she was naturally extremely satisfied with Xiao Yan.

"I wonder if Fairy Moon's inheritance stone has something to do with it?" Xiao Yan hurriedly asked as if he suddenly remembered something.

Because at the last moment, Xiao Yan clearly saw the Gorefiend throwing Fairy Moon Fairy's inheritance stone, and then Cang Key gave up the attack. And You Zun can keep at least one person.

"I suddenly stopped and apologized just now, but the inheritance stone is too important." Cang Key said with a hint of apology.

"It's fine." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and then looked at Yue Ru, it seemed that Yue Ru and the inheritance stone had something extremely mysterious at this time.

"Your name is Yueru, isn't it?" Seeing that Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying had nothing to do with each other, Cang Key immediately turned his eyes to Yueru, for some unknown reason, when he saw Yueru, Cang Key unexpectedly turned away from this girl. I saw myself when I was young.

"Yes." Yueru replied softly.

After experiencing this incident, Yueru realized the importance of strength!

If it weren't for the existence of Cang Key, I am afraid that this time Xiao Yan came to help him, it would have been a disaster. Even so, Xiao Yan did not complain at all, which made Yue Ru unable to help but feel Yan Ran.

"The mystery of the master's fall has not yet been solved, so I will leave the ruins for a while."

"During this period of time, you can safely accept the inheritance in the ruins."

"With the inheritance stone and the inheritance rune on your forehead, although the chance of success is small, there is always a chance of survival." Cang Key said solemnly.

"Okay." Yueru nodded slightly when she heard the words. Although she knew this would be the case for a long time, she couldn't help but feel sad when she heard it now.

"Don't be afraid, everything will be fine." Seeing this, Xiao Yan naturally smiled at Yueru.

"Xiao Yan." Yue Ru heard the words, nodded slightly, and said to Xiao Yan.

"Well?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"It's alright." Yue Ru suddenly laughed at the next moment.

"Since the matter is here, then it's almost time for us to leave." Xiao Yan saw that Yueru and the people here were all settled, and then spoke up.

"Let's go, let's go together."

"The three of us also want to leave here." The Demon Whale said suddenly.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan heard the words, without hesitation, he swept away from the main hall, and the Jade Rabbit and the Demon Whale disappeared at the same time.

At this moment, only Cang Yue and Yueru are left here.

"Do you like him?"

"Well, he's quite a good guy, not only in strength but also in temperament." Seeing Xiao Yan and his group leave here slightly, Cang Yue said suddenly.

"Senior sister, you..." Yueru couldn't help but blushed after Cang Key said this.

"However, this guy is too good."

"If you want to stay by his side, you can't stay strong." The next moment, Cang Key said slightly.

"Also, he is from the Xiao family."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The word Xiao clan, I think you should know what it means, right?" Cang Key said in a calm manner.

"I know."

"That's why I need this inheritance After I successfully obtain the inheritance, I will stand by his side proudly."

"I will look at him, just like the seniors of the Xiao clan, creating miracles." At this moment, Yue Ru's eyes were blurred, and she obviously didn't know what she was talking about.

"In that case..."

"Then let's start!"

"Once the inheritance begins, victory will turn into a butterfly..."

"If you lose, there will be no bones left." Cang Key said.

"Start!" At this moment, Yue Ru's pupils flashed with an unusually determined look!

She knew what the word Xiao Clan meant, and if she wanted to stand behind such a person, it would be impossible if she was not strong.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, Cang Key directly guided the inheritance stone in his hand, and bursts of dazzling power emerged.

Seeing this, Yueru jumped forward without hesitation.

"This is the inheritance of the master. I just want a strong person to appear in this great world, and you want enough strength to stand behind Xiao Yan."

"Although the purpose is different, the reality is the premise."

"Little Junior Sister, work hard." After Cang Key finished speaking, he waved his hand, and suddenly your hall was shattered and sealed!

"Xiao Mu, I have fulfilled the master's wishes. You are trying to escape from me in your life." After doing all this, Cang Key left here directly.

And this relic of the bright moon is also completely sealed at this moment, and it will be opened at the next moment, I don't know the year of the monkey and the month of the horse.