Chapter Vol 4 1817: Asking for information, where is Gamma!

"This guy..." Lin An and Lin Fang were firmly bound by the chains formed by the power of countless holy flames, and they completely lost all their mobility. Demon-like smiles came towards them, and they couldn't help being surprised.

"It's strange to say that in this huge palace, it seems that the two of you are the strongest."

"Let's talk." Xiao Yan easily came to the two of them, squinting slightly, and playing with the amber flames on his palms, but it was this flame that caused the faces of Lin An and the two to change dramatically. Their current state, this level of flame, can easily kill them!

"Hahaha!"

"If you want to kill, kill, why is there so much nonsense!" The two of them dismissed it, snorted coldly, and their eyes were full of determination.

"Lin Fengya has done a lot of evil, this kind of person is not worthy of your service."

"But it's useless to talk too much. It seems that if I don't show any sincerity, you are not going to speak." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a huge colorless and transparent soul mountain was vented out, and it was like a flood of beasts facing the two of them. Blast away.

Now Xiao Yan's fairyland "Tai Xu" late stage power, the nine layers of the spiritual palace in the body has been filled with three, and it has already been able to use the soul power alone to evolve, carry out many attacks and defenses, at this time, the soul mountain is Xiao Yan compressing the soul power. The product of , although it is not excellent, it is more than enough to deal with two guys who have no resistance.

"Boom!" Like a violent collision between mountains, Soul Mountain just came into contact with Lin An and the two of them. The pressure of the two increased greatly, their footsteps sank suddenly, and they sank in the field. roars emerged.

Soul power, that is a very tormenting existence, not to mention that the soul power of these two people has not even reached the fairyland, and they are naturally asking for their own troubles against Xiao Yan.

"Tell me or not." Xiao Yan said lightly, but he controlled Soul Mountain's torment of the two people's souls very delicately. Every time they reached a critical point that they could bear, they would stop. People are stubborn and iron-boned, and they scream indecisively.

"You...you are dreaming!"

"Ah ah... bang bang bang!"

"..."

"I said, I said." About five minutes later, Lin An's pupils flickered with a look of laxity, and the soul realm in their bodies was close to collapsing. In the short few minutes just now, they were tortured. It's like being in hell, there is no world!

"Speak." Xiao Yan heard the words, put away the soul mountain that was brewed out of soul power, and stared at the two.

"In the palace, there is no prince and his large army. There is only Gamma in the palace. Gamma hid the devil fruit. The adults sent us to guard here day and night, trying to learn about the devil fruit from Gamma's mouth. Whereabouts..." Lin An said intermittently.

"What is the relationship between Gamma and Lin Fengya?" Xiao Yan roared.

"Co... a partnership!"

"The prince used his power to solve unnecessary troubles for them and send test humans for sin's demon research, and in return, sin would give a devil fruit to the prince."

"It's just that the relationship between Gamma and the prince is now broken. We don't know the specifics."

"Sir, please let us go!" Lin An said, his expression suddenly became frightened.

"In the next life, be a good person." Before Lin An and the two could run, Xiao Yan's amber flames quietly appeared in circles of sacred lines, and the flames burst into flames, suddenly swallowing the two bodies completely!

The two of them were originally bound by Xiao Yan and then tortured by the soul attack, and their life is better than death. Now they are comparable to the top 15 of the Holy Flame Ranking. between heaven and earth.

"Huhu." After doing all of this, Xiao Yan gently erased all traces of the domain, thereby releasing the domain, and walked along the lake facing the courtyard at the core of the mansion.

Xiao Yan came to the core of the mansion and looked at the courtyards surrounded by lakes. There was only one road in the north, and he was in trouble for a while.

The courtyard at the core of the palace is clearly built on trees as a fulcrum and is built on the lake surface. method, and the lake water faintly revealed a rather dignified aura, which made people shudder.

"Tick." With a sound, the sound of a drop of water dripping from the wooden fulcrum at the bottom of the courtyard was particularly harsh. Apart from that, there was no other movement in the courtyard.

"That's not quite right... and there is an extremely tyrannical confinement here." Xiao Yan did not step into the courtyard rashly, his eyes followed the dazzling soul power, and glanced at the lake below the courtyard.

"No?" After a few minutes, Xiao Yan didn't notice anything, just stood at the gate of the courtyard extremely puzzled.

"Don't worry, go in and have a look." Zai Du glanced around and found that in the periphery of the palace at this time, except for some basic servants and guards who had fallen, there were no other tyrannical powerhouses, and the courtyard at the core here was like It's like a forbidden place, and no one has ever been there.

"Whoa!" Xiao Yan didn't go through the only passage. With the help of the moonlight and ghost energy, his body turned into a shadow and stepped directly over the lake, but when Xiao Yan just touched the lake, a water column that reached the sky appeared. , suddenly burst out from the bottom of the water.

"Xuuuu!" Xiao Yan was impartial, deftly dodging the attack of the water column Immediately, he placed his toes on the surface of the water, and stared at the lake where many blisters were constantly emerging.

"..." After the blink of an eye, no creatures appeared on the surface of the lake. Instead, several water columns that reached the sky, with extremely tyrannical oppression, suddenly pursued Xiao Yan.

"The power of confinement, plus the formation technique..."

"It's really a good trick!"

"However, just relying on this place is not enough!" At the moment just now, Xiao Yan also discovered that it seems that starting from the place guarded by Lin An and the two just now, the core of the palace has been imprisoned, and outsiders cannot detect what was found here. One scene, so Xiao Yan can also do it with confidence!

"Fighting Soul Shadow!"

"Hot Explosion!" Xiao Yan is a battle formation master, so he naturally knows the tyranny of the formation, but he also knows the weakness of cracking the formation. Although this formation is not weak, in Xiao Yan's eyes, it is like playing a family. With a glance, it was found that the stone formation was hidden under the lake.

"Underwater!"

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan's eyes flashed with amber flames. Immediately, the speed of his figure skyrocketed, and he slid into the amber water. He suddenly crushed something with one hand, and the imposing sea immediately regained its calm.

"Oh... is anyone here?" At this time, in the courtyard surrounded by lakes, a dark green evil-haired man sat quietly with his eyes closed, but his evil eyes opened slightly and smiled.

It's just that there are countless blood-colored thin lines looming around this guy's body, completely imprisoning the entire building! !

I'm afraid Lin Fengya had already expected that someone would come to make trouble.

Here, I am afraid that is the real problem of burning!