Chapter Vol 4 1171: Out of the city, 4 clones!

With the end of the auction and the demise of the Hammer mercenary group, the entire Ghost King City actually lasted for three days of calm, and on the third day, when dawn crossed the sky, the Ghost King City also staged shocking scenes. drama.

In a rather noble inn in the ghost king city.

"Dong dong dong."

"Sir Xiao Yan." Outside a room of the inn, a man in casual clothes knocked gently on the door.

Although the man was wearing civilian clothes, his aura was quite rigorous, like a well-trained soldier.

"Who is it?" Xiao Yan was closing his eyes and adjusting his breath at the moment, when he was knocked like this, he couldn't help opening the door and asked.

"My lord, the guy who took the undead leaves... there's something going on!"

"The City Lord specially sent me to inform you." The man in plain clothes whispered beside Xiao Yan, and a scroll of letters appeared in his hand.

In this letter, there is a rather tyrannical isolation force. Obviously, Death Wind is also afraid of being intercepted by others halfway, so he makes this last resort.

"Oh?"

"Three days... is there finally any movement..." Xiao Yan heard the words, smiled slowly, and took the letter from the man's hand.

"I see, thank the city lord for me." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"must……"

"This subordinate will not disturb the rest of the adults." After the man in civilian clothes finished speaking, he immediately disappeared, apparently returning to his life.

"Squeak." Xiao Yan took a look around, and when there was no one around, he immediately placed a huge soul force in his room, and then slowly sat down.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This undead wind is naturally vigilant." Xiao Yan said while holding the letter recording the news about the undead leaves.

"Open it and have a look." The next moment, without any hesitation, he directly activated the huge soul power and slowly opened the letter.

"The mysterious man who took the undead leaves has left the city and left from the four city gates in the south, south, north and west respectively."

"It's just that the four avatars are quite strange, as if they are exactly the same, and you can't tell who is the main body." Above the letter, two lines of large characters slowly stood in it.

"what?"

"Four avatars?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he saw this.

The art of avatar can only be condensed by using fighting spirit and soul power, but each has its own drawbacks.

There are too many loopholes in the avatar that uses Dou Qi condensed, and it is easy to be seen through. As for the avatar that is condensed by soul power, it is the same strength as the main body.

This is also the reason why Xiao Yan hardly used his Emperor Realm Soul Clone. Soul power is too important to him. Not to mention, the identity of a pharmacist alone makes Xiao Yan quite jealous, so he does not As a last resort, Xiao Yan did not dare to rashly use the soul clone in his body.

"This guy's alchemist medal is fake, how can he have a huge soul power?"

"And these four avatars can't even see through the demeanor of the city lord?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"Go to the North Gate." Just when Xiao Yan hesitated, the Soul Eater in the body said.

"North Gate?" Xiao Yan said with some worry when he heard the words.

This mysterious person is obviously a good abacus. The four gates in the north, south, east, and west of Ghost King City are quite far apart.

With a 1/4 chance, it is no wonder that Xiao Yan hesitated so much.

"Don't worry, he has what I left behind on him, and he can't run far." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled. What kind of strength the Lord of Soul Eater is, he naturally has his means to deal with this level of guy, although he can't shoot. , but secretly doing some means to detect other people's breath, it is obviously simple.

"This is a bit interesting..." Xiao Yan finished speaking, tidying up a little, then he put on the black robe, and the ancient ruler of the fire was behind his back, hiding his breath and heading towards the north gate.

With the affirmation of Soul Eater, Xiao naturally didn't worry about going wrong.

"City Lord, I have successfully delivered the letter." In the City Lord's mansion, the man who had just sent the letter said respectfully in front of Dead Wind.

"That's good."

"Who is the flower of this undead leaf, I'm afraid now is the real fight."

"Bai He, let's go too."

"When they are almost fighting, there is no need for the Yu family and the mad demon group to exist." After Death Wind finished speaking, a rare and dangerous arc appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"Sir, you..." And Bai He, with his eyesight, naturally found out that there was something wrong with Death Wind.

"I temporarily absorbed that thing, and now I'm dealing with Yugan, I'm afraid I can open six or four." Dead Wind said with a smile.

"Sure enough..." Hearing this, Bai He still laughed.

Bai He and Death Feng have a deep friendship, and Bai He naturally doesn't care much about money and treasures, otherwise he wouldn't have been just a little soldier under Death Feng for decades.

As soon as the voice fell, the aura of the two of them slowly disappeared. Along with the disappearance of the two, there were still dozens of figures in black clothes. Although the number of these figures was very small, their strength was the lowest, reaching the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortals. , and even the powerhouses in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, which can be said to be the full power of the City Lord's Mansion.

"The mysterious man who took away the undead leaves has left the city."

"There are only four figures in the south, east, and northwest. I don't know which one's real body is..." In the Yu Family compound, two men with fierce aura said slowly.

"The two leaders of the mad demon group, don't be impatient." Yu Gan, who was sitting on the first place, said with a smile.

"I don't know what elder brother Yu has in mind?" asked the head of the mad demon group.

"Go to the North Gate."

"We have absolute intelligence, we can't go wrong."

"Originally this time, I planned to use the attractiveness of the undead ~ If they can see through the mysterious man's clone trick and wipe them all out, if they can't, it will take a lot of work, but it doesn't matter."

"After I get the undead leaves, they all have to die."

"Let's go, two." After Yu Gan finished speaking, he got up and walked towards the north gate.

"Brother Yu, don't forget the promise you made to us." The head of the mad demon group snorted coldly, got up and followed.

"The remuneration is naturally indispensable for the two masters."

"But I'm the one who said the ugly thing in front. If the two of you don't try your best to fool me, I'm afraid I, Yu Gan, will definitely not make it easier." Yu Gan said with a smile and a hidden knife.

"Definitely." Feeling Yugan's overwhelming killing intent, the two bosses couldn't help but break out in cold sweat and said.

After all, although the two of them have reached the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian, they are undoubtedly too small compared to Yu Gan, but they also have the skills to press the bottom of the box, so after joining forces, they are naturally not afraid of Yu Gan. It was the key to their negotiation with Yu Gan.

Only the Yu family and Xiao Yan went to the north gate at the same time. As for the Qing family and the Lei family, although they also dispatched family elites, they obviously did not have accurate information. The guess was wrong. The Qing family went to the south gate, and the Lei family went to the southeast. Just happened to be staggered with it.

The dozens of powerhouses in the City Lord's Mansion were extremely smart. Although they didn't see through the trick of the mysterious man, they followed behind the three Yu family members.

At this point, the three forces collided with the mysterious man.

. m.