Chapter Vol 2 765: Plan!

The thousand-year-old misunderstanding between the pavilion master of Fenxiang Pavilion, the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion and the Sect Master of Poison Sect was finally resolved. I don’t know how the three will treat them in the future, but one thing is certain. The relationship between them will definitely not be in a stalemate.

And the news that the pavilion master of Fenxiang Pavilion and the sect master of Poison Sect appeared in Wanhua Pavilion and disappeared together with the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion soon spread to the major super sects in Xuantian Santian.

Inside the Xuanling Royal Palace.

"what?"

"The pavilion owner of Burning Incense Pavilion appeared in Wanhua Pavilion?"

"I was rescued by the Sect Master of the Poison Sect at a critical moment, and the three disappeared?" King Xuanling sat on the dragon chair and questioned the next spy who was in charge of intelligence investigation.

"Report to my king, this is absolutely true." The spy who was in charge of spying on intelligence immediately nodded and said.

"Burning the sky!"

"This old **** actually got out at a critical moment." King Xuanling said in a resentful voice.

King Xuanling knew clearly that Fen Tian, ​​as the strongest person in the entire Fenxiang Pavilion, was definitely at the level of fighting immortals, and he was definitely on a par with the strongest among his Xuanling royal family.

"Who else knows about this?" King Xuanling stared at the intelligence spy with venomous eyes and asked.

"Reporting to my king, apart from our Xuanling royal family, I am afraid that the entire Xuantian three super sects know about it." The intelligence spy did not dare to hide anything, and immediately said.

"Let's go down." King Xuanling said immediately after hearing this.

As the intelligence spy went down, King Xuanling's pain suddenly became strange.

"Now that the ruins are about to be born, the pavilion masters of the Fenxiang Pavilion have provoked such an incident again..."

"It is estimated that the Medusa family is also reorganizing their interiors, and they will definitely attack my Xuanling royal family in time."

"It seems that the matter of Yanchi must be accelerated, and the guy who was dusted by Medusa's petrified pupil, if I can get the power of these two, I am afraid that the old guy in the royal family will also have nothing to do with me, then... …”

"Susu..." King Xuanling laughed strangely.

At this time, it was far away from the Xuanling Royal Family, on the seventh floor of the underground palace.

"I can't believe that Fen Tian, ​​the immortal old man, managed to get out of the gate..." A doubtful voice sounded slightly.

This old man is the guardian of the seventh floor of the underground palace today, and he is also the guardian of the Xuanling royal family, with a dignified fighting power.

"This time, not only the Fenxiang Pavilion, but also the three sect leaders of Wanhua Pavilion and Poison Sect were disturbed. The relationship between these three is not good." Wen Zi naturally notified the news immediately when he got the news. he.

"Haha, although I don't know the relationship between these three, they are not easy to mess with." Looking at Wen Yan, the corner of his mouth moved slightly.

You don't have to think about it to know that, whether it is the Pavilion Master of Wanhua Pavilion or the Pavilion of Fenxiang Pavilion, or even the Poison Sect Sect Master who possesses a poisonous body, the combat power of the three is far from comparable to ordinary people.

"I don't know if that force has given us reinforcements. I always feel that something is wrong, but I can't tell you the specifics." The next moment, the old man spoke slowly.

Then he stared at the figure imprisoned in the dark, and then he was relieved.

"Burning Heaven..."

"Have you finally come out of customs..."

"He went to Wanhua Pavilion this time, probably to solve that matter."

"It's been so many years, he must have figured out how to solve it." The imprisoned figure muttered a few words, then calmed down.

"Go back."

"Tell King Xuanling, what he wants, I approve, let him prepare well." The old man thought for a while, and then said.

"Yes!" Wen Zi was overjoyed when he heard this!

The reason why I got so close to this old man was because of King Xuanling's plan.

King Xuanling has been trembling all these years, so that he can enter the seventh floor of the underground palace and try to see if he can absorb this bound thing. If he succeeds, his achievements are limitless!

As Wen Zi left, the old man smiled slowly.

"Hey, a tiger father has no dog, Xuan'er, don't say that you are cruel to your father, if you don't have enough ability, I'm afraid it will be a disaster to get this thing."

"But I don't know what to do when Fentian leaves the customs this time?"

"This guy has an unusual relationship with the Fenxiang Pavilion group. Although we have intercepted more or less investigations in the Fenxiang Pavilion over the years, they probably guessed that they would exist here."

"This time the ruins always make me feel bad." Just when the old man was puzzled, an evil voice suddenly sounded in this space.

"Susu!"

"Old guy, I haven't seen you for a long time, your strength is still one-star fighting immortals!" A voice of disdain emerged instantly, and with it came a lot of evil and extremely black aura.

"Humph!"

"You're not much better." Seeing this, the old man was very unhappy on the surface, but his heart was calm.

This person is a strong soul from the soul clan!

Their Xuanling Royal Family has some secret connections with the Soul Clan, so at such a critical juncture, and the Soul Clan asked for an Immortal Fighting powerhouse to come to sit in town. Be prepared, I am afraid that the status of the Xuanling royal family is at stake!

Now that there are two Immortal Fighters on the seventh floor of the underground palace, I am afraid that the entire Burning Incense Pavilion will not be able to break through, so the old man is naturally not worried.

With the appearance of another strong fighting immortal, a very weak red flame suddenly emerged from the bound figure, and then weakly said: "Two fighting immortals..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Fentian, don't throw yourself into the trap..." There was a voice of fear in his voice.

It knows the horror of fighting immortal powerhouses well, and also knows Fen Tian's heart, but if Fen Tian insists on saving himself, I am afraid it will be a huge loss.

This is a conspiracy, you can't be fooled, Fentian!

No matter how the figure roared, the news never came out.

Inside Xuanling City.

"How are things going?" In a pink room full of temptation, Blood Rose's voice asked charmingly.

"Report to your lord The matter has been done."

"As long as the news of the ruins comes out, you can start right away!" The man who thought he was wrapped in brown clothes respectfully said.

"well done."

"Also pay attention to the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor, that guy always makes me very worried." Blood Rose said hesitantly.

"Yes!" After speaking, the mysterious man disappeared, leaving Blood Rose alone.

"Dark Crow sent people to encircle Xiao Yan before, but he didn't know that the ghost emperor's heart was no longer on Xiao Yan, and he lost his army after losing his wife."

"But what exactly are this guy and the Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal planning?" Hearing the words, Blood Rose suddenly thought.

Thinking to no avail, Xue Qiangwei tidied up her clothes and then went out to check the order of the auction.

Among Solomon.

"Sect Master, why hasn't the news of the ruins come out this time?" The extremely entourage said humbly to Solomon's first sect master.

"Haha, the ruins this time are different from the past."

"This time, the things in the ruins are too involved. I'm afraid Wanhua Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family will not miss this opportunity. At that time, we can fish in troubled waters." The Solomon Sect Master smiled.

This ruin is the training stone before the real sect competition.

In addition, in the far-flung places, this place is deserted, but there is a very strange fluctuation, which is exactly the same as the rumored ruins.

Ask for tickets!