Chapter Vol 4 1436: Between life and death!

"How could it be..." The Earth Demon Bear seemed to have forgotten that he was breaking through the fourth beast calamity, looked at the two Xiao Yan in amazement, and lost his voice.

Because the two Xiao Yan who appeared at this time are exactly the same in terms of breath and strength, even if they are pastoral songs, they can't tell their true body for a while, let alone the Earth Demon Bear.

"Two Xiao Yan...how could it be..." Mu Ge on the side was also shocked, looking at Xiao Yan in a stunned manner.

"It's been a long time." The body Xiao Yan wrapped in the fire-red Great Heavenly Seed slowly handed over, and then smiled at the milky-white Xiao Yan.

"I thought you forgot me." Milky white Xiao Yan, like a sleeping giant dragon, slowly opened his pupils, and suddenly said with a free and easy smile.

I remember that the last time I shot was on the Xuanling Continent, and it had been several years since now.

"It used to be for your and my safety. After all, the soul power is too weak. You and I are both prosperous. If you have an accident, I am afraid that I will not be much better." The main body Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"What about now?" Milky white Xiao Yan asked.

"Now my soul power breaks through the fairyland, it is enough to support all your actions, some minor injuries will not be fed back to the main body, and as long as you don't fall, it will not be any burden on me."

"If you fall completely, the origin of my soul will be completely damaged, and it will stop."

"But now... we can join hands in an open and honest way." A dangerous arc appeared at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

"I see...but...it's worth a try." The milky white Xiao Yan nodded happily upon hearing this.

He was originally Xiao Yan's soul avatar condensed through the power of his soul, and he was originally a part of Xiao Yan. Although he had his own consciousness, his power and aura were exactly the same as his body, his actions and consciousness were still based on his body.

"I can't bear the power of this beast robbery."

"What do you want to do?" Milky white Xiao Yan looked at the heart-pounding fluctuations in the sky, and asked slowly, he has the same fighting spirit and fighting skills as Xiao Yan, so he naturally knows whether Xiao Yan can take over this beast calamity. .

"I want you to completely absorb the power of this beast robbery..." The body Xiao Yan said without any shyness.

"No... This beast robbery is too strong. If I absorb it rashly, it will only fall completely." The milky white soul clone shook his head.

"Don't worry... I absorbed some of the Thunder Lord's thunder power before, and using it as collateral should be able to weaken the power of the beast robbery." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"You can try..." Soul Avatar smiled.

"How about 80% of the power?" Xiao Yan asked, his voice full of joy, because the stronger the power of the beast robbery thunder absorbed by the soul avatar, the more terrifying the increase in strength.

"It will explode." The soul clone said flatly.

"Seventy percent?"

"The sea of ​​fighting qi in my body will be suppressed and deformed. In that case, I will not be able to use fighting qi."

"Sixty percent?"

"That would be too much of a load."

"..."

"What about 50%?" The body Xiao Yan asked with a frown. Obviously, if the weakness is lower, it might have an impact on Xiao Yan's plan.

"No problem!" The soul avatar smiled slowly, and the voice was also full of madness.

"You wait here. When I suppress the beast robbery, it will be time for you to absorb it." The body Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Okay!" Hearing the words, the soul clone also sat down cross-legged and tried to adjust his breath to deal with the dazzling power of the beast robbery thunder, but at that time, the body Xiao Yan, a trace of gray thunder, also quietly fell off, and then Attached to the soul clone, the gray thunder, like the master of the world, is a trace of the thunder master's power in the thunder pool.

"I can't see it, you are hiding quite deep." The pastoral song on the side was also ashamed.

The method of soul avatar is known to almost all the powerhouses whose soul power has reached the emperor realm, but in the whole world, no powerhouse dares to practice in this way. It is also the first time to focus on the fire of the soul avatar, and once the soul avatar has an accident, it will affect his future potential, so this approach is despised by others.

"You guy, you are not small."

"But I like it!"

"Do it!" With a roar, all the original power of the Earth Demon Bear was withdrawn from its body.

"Is it in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals... This guy has been suppressing for too long. I am afraid that the power of the fourth beast robbery should not be underestimated." Watching the Earth Demon Bear recover all his power, his body Xiao Yan also smiled slowly.

"Boom!" At the same time, the countless thunderclouds above the formation finally completely locked the figure of the Earth Demon Bear, and suddenly a dark brown thunder beam with a size of dozens of feet quietly emerged from the countless thunderclouds. , emerges.

"Hey!" The dark brown thunder beam just appeared, and in this space, the countless energy of heaven and earth became quiet in an instant, and even the flow of Dou Qi in the bodies of Xiao Yan and Mu Ge slowed down. , and the reason for all this was actually because of the tiny thunder beam in front of him.

"This Beast Tribulation is actually so much more tyrannical than Dou Immortal Tribulation?" Mu Ge said through gritted teeth. He just broke through the Three Star Dou Immortal Tribulation not long ago. Naturally, he had learned the power of the Three Star Dou Immortal Tribulation. Compared, the difference is too big.

"In this beast calamity, there is actually a trace of mysterious fluctuations?" Realizing this strange situation, Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering.

"This is the taste of the realm." Suddenly, the milky white soul clone said softly.

"Do it!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and was instantly enveloped by the fiery-red Great Heavenly Seed, like a flame elf trapped in his rightful place!

"Boom!" The target of the dark brown thunder beam is the Earth Demon Bear. It is condescending, looking down at the panicked Earth Demon Bear, as if it can take a random blow to deprive the Earth Demon Bear of everything vitality.

"Where to go!"

"Death to me!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's soul beast was enveloped by the crimson flames of the Great Heaven Seed, and countless fiery red flames suddenly emerged, venting the entire space into a sea of ​​fire, and then the figure swept away, whistling away at the dark brown thunder beam. .

"Pfft." With a sound, Xiao Yan's attack accurately hit the thunder beam, but it was like a moth to a flame, meaningless!

"Wong Buzz!"

"It's too strong!" Coming to the dark brown thunder beam at close range, the vindictive energy and flames in Xiao Yan's body were suddenly uncontrollably uncontrollably and drained rapidly. At the same time, the soul below The avatar also frowned, obviously both were prosperous, making him feel that Xiao Yan was in an unprecedented crisis.

"Since one is not enough... then add another holy flame!" In an instant, a mad voice suddenly resounded through the sky. At that time, the khaki-colored holy flames in Xiao Yan's hands and on his body suddenly exploded like bamboo shoots after a rain. come out.

"Zizi!" At the same time, it was not until Xiao Yan's body was blessed by the fiery red big heavenly seed crimson flame and the earthy yellow holy flame, like a flame demon, with a strong posture, facing the dark brown thunder beam, the thunder beam officially started!

"Destroy me!" With a roar, Xiao Yan's palm suddenly lifted up, and on the palm of his hand, a terrifying fire ball containing a fiery red great heavenly seed and a khaki-yellow holy flame quietly emerged, and then cut through the void, suddenly Hit the thunder beam!

And the thunder beam, which was looking down indifferently, finally began to move under Xiao Yan's tyrannical attack!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!