Chapter Vol 4 957: war! (Happy Year of the Dog~)

Crazy thoughts emerged in Feng Zhen's mind, but in the face of the Golden Dragon King's dragon claws, Feng Zhen did not dare to neglect, and the dazzling power of fighting immortals directly condensed around him, and then turned into a huge silver shield!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Obviously, the reputation of the Golden Dragon King is too huge. Even if he is not strong now, he still has to guard against Feng Zhen!

Just as the Golden Dragon King's dragon claws were activated, they immediately swept towards the space where Feng Zhen was, and three giant claws of shocking golden energy swept away suddenly.

There is a golden light on the giant energy claws, as well as some extremely obscure mysterious lines, as if the mysterious power that destroys everything is attacking Feng Zhen's defense.

Xiao Yan knew that this mysterious pattern had never been used against a strong Dou Di before, and he could smell a hint of danger from the mysterious pattern.

"Boom boom boom!" Three golden dragon claws instantly hit Feng Zhen's defense, and then waves of extremely huge fluctuations radiated directly.

"This bastard, such a tyrannical power." Facing such an easy blow from the Golden Dragon King, Feng Zhen was shocked, and the steady stream of power strengthened his defense, but he could hear a crack after another from his defensive shield. emerged from above.

"Bang bang bang!" After a few breaths, the silver shield shattered directly, and although the golden dragon claws dimmed a lot, they still attacked Feng Zhen's mind. Its wind shock kills!

"The Domain of the Wind!" Feng Zhen was in a hurry, but just as the golden dragon claws were about to attack Feng Zhen, a humming sound came out, and then a gray light directly permeated thousands of meters in the Forest of Death.

"Kacha!" And with the permeation of this gray energy, the golden dragon claws suddenly shattered.

"It's actually a guy with a real domain." The Golden Dragon King was surrounded by golden rays of light at this time, and surrounded Xiao Mu vigilantly.

This field of wind has just appeared, and the pressure on the Golden Dragon King has been greatly increased.

Although the Dragon God Claw just now is tyrannical, it cannot be used a few times in the current state of the Golden Dragon King, and now Xiao Mu is absorbing the power of the Holy Flame from the Holy Flame Crystal, I am afraid that it will take some time to recover some power, so What the Golden Dragon King can do is to drag the wind as far as possible.

"What a strong domain." Xiao Yan, who was entrenched in the soul realm, couldn't help but say.

Since the domain of Fengquan just appeared, a sense of heaviness immediately appeared in Xiao Yan's perception. Within the kilometer covered by the gray energy domain, I am afraid that Fengquan will be at a rather terrifying level.

"The King of the Dragon Clan, the Golden Dragon King, really lives up to its reputation." Feng Zhen stepped on a trace of gray energy, and then said to the Golden Dragon King with a smile.

"Knowing this king's name, why don't you retreat quickly?" The Golden Dragon King said coldly, his voice full of arrogance.

"It is said that in the most tragic battle in the Daqian World, the King of the Dragon Clan fell. It seems that it is just a rumor." Feng Zhen did not seem to take the words of the Golden Dragon King in his eyes, and said to himself.

"But I believe that this rumor will soon become a fact."

"Go to hell!" After Feng Zhen finished speaking, the gray energy that wrapped thousands of meters suddenly became restless, and then a dazzling energy that made the scalp numb, suddenly compressed, and Feng Zhen's palm in his own domain A mass of gray light condensed above it, and the gray light seemed to annihilate everything, extremely terrifying.

"Golden Dragon King, go to **** with remorse."

"Don't worry, I will take good care of your soul power, and I will take care of your dragon clan in the future..." Feng Zhen finished speaking, as if the winning ticket was in his hands, his figure flashed, and when Du appeared, he had already arrived at the Golden Dragon King. before!

The next moment, the palm of his hand was suddenly raised, and he suddenly attacked the Golden Dragon King who was close at hand!

This kind of terrifying attack, if the Golden Dragon King was at its peak, would naturally seem painless, but now the Golden Dragon King has lost his body, only the soul remains, and the Golden Dragon King, the most arrogant is the power of **!

"Xiao Mu, after watching this for so long, it's time to deal with this guy." Facing the terrifying attack, the Golden Dragon King said softly without the slightest panic.

In the face of death, neither humble nor arrogant, this is the real powerhouse!

"It's good to come!" As soon as the Golden Dragon King's voice fell, a figure wrapped in khaki flames suddenly strung out from a space, and then directly hit the wind shock that seemed to destroy the world!

"Boom!" The gray energy and the khaki flames hit instantly, and then a scorching heat wave spread out, making the gray energy in the kilometer space shrouded in the wind shock field slightly dimmed!

"Xiao Mu, you are courting death!" Seeing that his tyrannical blow was intercepted by Xiao Mu, Feng Zhen was furious and looked at Xiao Mu angrily.

However, I don't know if I don't see it. I was shocked when I saw it. The strength of Xiao Mu just now was only the strength of a two-star fighting immortal, and there were some scars on his body to varying degrees. Countless mysterious crystals are tightly held in the palm of the hand, and even the breath has returned to the level of Samsung Fighting Immortal!

"Holy Flame?" Feng Zhen is indeed an old river and lake. With just one glance, he discovered the origin of the khaki flame on Xiao Mu's body, and immediately said.

"bingo."

"As a reward, will send you to hell." After Xiao Mu finished speaking, he did not rush to act.

Because Xiao Mu knows that, although his strength has recovered a lot due to the increase of the holy flame, he still has to be careful just in case, so he is constantly urging the holy flame crystal.

"Damn!"

"Going is the best plan!" Feng Zhen is indeed an old-fashioned generation. Although the Golden Dragon King in front of him is extremely attractive, he knows that he is not the opponent of Xiao Mu, who has holy flame and has returned to the level of three-star fighting immortals!

"Crash!" With an idea in mind, he flashed his figure and swept away into the distance, looking at the appearance, naturally he thought.

"Uncle Shi, this guy is going to escape!" Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan couldn't help but say something.

"Don't worry, this guy can't go." And just when Feng Zhen moved, that Xiao Mu also moved!

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Mu, although I didn't arrest you this time, but knowing the secret of the Golden Dragon King, you should wait for the stronger people in the center of our human world to come to find your troubles!" Feng Zhen said while running away. .

"In the early days of the three-star battle of immortals, if you run away, I, Xiao Mu, will be called in vain." After Xiao Mu finished speaking, he threw the holy flame crystal in his hand instantly, and then in the sky, circles of khaki flame patterns appeared. It slowly spreads out like ripples.

And when the khaki-colored ripples spread out, the figure of Feng Zhen, who had already escaped several hundred meters, suddenly solidified, and then his face was ugly: "It's actually the Holy Flame Domain..."

"It's troublesome now..."

: . :