Chapter Vol 4 1567: The strong fight!

"It seems that this time there is a guy with good strength." In the molten world, everyone in Qingyun Pavilion stood slowly, and the dazzling fighting spirit on their bodies was exerted to try to resist the erosion of the molten slurry, but they found helplessly that these molten slurry To be able to pass through their Dou Qi defense and directly erode their Dou Qi, the molten flame contains a very special power, if it goes on for a long time, I am afraid that they will be directly eroded without any bones!

"Second Elder, are you alright?" After a while, Xiao Yan's figure instantly appeared in the molten world, so he retrieved his heavy ruler, and then came to the second elder and whispered.

"Your Excellency is..." The second elder was stunned when he heard the words, but from Xiao Yan, he could not feel the slightest killing intent, and even a hint of the same family.

"I was sent by the Spiritual Academy." Xiao Yan said lightly.

"Three-star fighting immortal late stage?" The next moment, the second elder was secretly surprised.

"Second elder, please restore your strength first. This guy is strong, and it may be difficult to rely on me alone." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he left some medicinal pills behind, and immediately set foot in the purgatory formation.

"Now the formation pattern has barely reached 40,000, which is enough to trap the powerhouses in the early stage of Four-Star Dou Xian, but the strength of this old guy in the late stage of Four-Star Dou Xian may be a little tricky." Xiao Yan stood in the center of the molten world, watching Looking at the formation pattern that had just reached 40,000 on the formation stone at the center, looking at the people in Qingyun Pavilion in the molten world, he couldn't help but speak.

"You guys stay here, this guy, let me come." After a while, Qing Yunkun's face became strange, obviously when he raised his eyes and saw Xiao Yan, he understood that this guy is Ling Yu. Named one of the two people who need to be arrested, and although his strength is only in the late stage of Samsung Dou Xian, but it can be valued by Ling Yu, I am afraid it will not be a simple person.

Although I don't know why Ling Yu wanted to arrest him, but the powerhouses in the late Sanxing Dou Xian period might not have any power to fight back.

"I didn't expect you to be Xiao Yan." As soon as the figure moved, Qing Yunkun's figure came directly to Xiao Yan's side, and said indifferently.

"You are the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion... Qing Yunkun, a powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian, is indeed extraordinary." Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not rush to act. In his own formation, he had many advantages, but The huge gap in strength between the two is also very obvious.

"Your formation is good, but unfortunately there is no restraint on me."

"It just so happened that someone offered a high price for your head. I didn't expect that you would be delivered to your door automatically today."

"Then I'll accept it without hesitation!"

"Feng Yuanshu!" A cold snort appeared, and a cyan battle qi appeared on Qing Yunkun's figure. After a while, his body moved freely inside the molten world like a ghost, and in a short moment, he attacked Xiao Yan.

"Hot Explosion!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan felt a sense of heaviness in his heart. Obviously, the pressure Qing Yunkun put on him was the most tyrannical one since he entered the Central Territory, and he didn't dare to be sloppy immediately.

"Not bad speed, but trying to compare the speed with my wind attribute is a bit unwise." Seeing Xiao Yan's speed also skyrocketing after performing his fighting skills, Qing Yunkun sneered.

"Qingfengtian Fingers!" The two chased after one another. After a while, Qing Yunkun's body slowly stopped, and the bright blue light on his body slowly condensed on his fingertips, a touch of restless and violent energy. , spontaneously.

"Boy, take me a finger!"

"Boom!" A dazzling energy suddenly emerged from his fingertips, and with dazzling destructive power, it instantly turned into a 100-foot finger, directly locked on Xiao Yan, and roared away.

"The first finger of the sky, call the heaven and earth!" Xiao Yan saw this, his face was solemn, and he could clearly smell a dangerous aura from Qing Yunkun's seemingly random finger. The attack made Xiao Yan extremely solemn.

"Crash!" At the same time, the dazzling big heavenly flames on Xiao Yan's body gathered at his fingertips, and at the same time, a hundred-zhang flame fingertips quietly met Qing Yunkun's blue fingertips.

"Boom!" The **** collided, and silent energy ripples suddenly spread around the molten world, but the attacks of the two were evenly matched at first, and the next moment, it was Xiao Yan's attack. The rout of the flaming fingers emerges.

"hateful……"

"Second finger!"

"Broken the sky!" Xiao Yan's face sank as he saw the flaming fingers that were gradually retreating and retreated, and a dazzling finger was pouring into it, so he was able to destroy the attack. For this reason, Xiao Yan But it took a lot of vindictiveness.

"It seems that you are no more than that." Seeing Xiao Yan taking so much trouble to resist his own attack, Qing Yunkun couldn't help shaking his head and said, this guy is not so tyrannical, and I don't know why Ling Yu wanted to arrest him, but Out of his own caution as the pavilion master, he still went all out.

"Hoohoo!"

"Swallowing the flames!" Xiao Yan heard the words, but he was not ready to keep his hands. The bizarre exercise route of swallowing the flames in the body ran out, and immediately a small red cauldron was slowly suspended in his chest!

"Great Heaven Seed, Fire Heart Heaven Rock, Ghost Face Soul Flame, swallow it for me!" After a cold snort, Xiao Yan's strength suddenly jumped from the late Three Star Fighting Immortal Stage to the peak level of the Four Star Fighting Immortal Early Stage!

"Oh... and these secret methods, it seems that you have something good on you!"

"When I capture you, I must interrogate you well." Qing Yunkun looked at Xiao Yan's sudden terrifying aura, and said with a smile, with his strength, he was able to detect Xiao Yan's appearance like this, and he was able to improve his performance in a short period of time. Qing Yunkun was extremely surprised by the two-star level secret technique. If he captured Xiao Yan and forced him to find out the secret technique, he would also be able to gain a lot of benefits.

"It can't be delayed." After Xiao Yan's strength has skyrocketed, his face is still extremely dignified, the pressure that Qing Yunkun put on himself is too tyrannical, and this guy is also an old Jianghu feet come! With a cold snort, the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler was immediately removed behind him, the figure rioted, and shot directly at Qing Yunkun.

"Small tricks for carving insects!" Seeing this, Qing Yunkun saw a bright blue Dou Qi appearing all over his body, and then he continued to deal with Xiao Yan.

"Spirit Devouring Blood Monument!" After the battle was unsuccessful, Xiao Yan's body contained **** special energy suddenly burst out and shot towards Qing Yunkun.

"Boom!" Rao was completely imprisoned by dozens of blood-colored stone tablets because of Qing Yunkun's dazzling power. In an instant, Qing Yunkun's power and fighting spirit were suppressed by these stone tablets from the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian to the middle stage of the Three-Star Dou Xian. .

"Now, let's see what else you can rely on." Today, the two of them, Xiao Yan's four-star Dou Xian early stage peak, and Qing Yunkun is only the middle stage of four-star Dou Xian's strength, so Xiao Yan naturally has the power to fight.

"It's really a guy with endless means, no wonder he is valued by that adult."

"If this is all your means, then today, you can only fall here again." Facing Xiao Yan's suppression of the Spirit Devouring Blood Monument, Qing Yunkun did not feel any loss. Emergence, and just when this frenzy emerged, the molten world in the purgatory map shivered a little, and the source of the tremor was because of the man in front of him!

""

""