Chapter Vol 2 733: 1 step left

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan has been grasping the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire for the past few days, constantly absorbing the attacks of fake Xiao Yan.

And as he absorbed it, Xiao Yan slowly discovered that the power of the fake Xiao Yan seemed to be getting weaker and weaker, while the Ancient Ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand was born with another kind of power besides Emperor Yan!

"It's time!" In the stone hall, Xiao Yan suddenly flashed a hint of determination.

In five days, all that mysterious power has been absorbed by his Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler, and it's time to enter the next stage!

As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand suddenly shone brightly, and an indescribable terrifying flame was born in an instant.

"Go!" Xiao Yan had just finished speaking, and suddenly an incomparable terrifying force radiated from the ancient ruler of the different fire in his hand, and he walked away at the fake Xiao Yan!

"Boom boom boom!" Facing Xiao Yan's terrifying blow from a strange fire and an ancient ruler, there was still no change on the fake Xiao Yan's face, but Xiao Yan smiled slightly.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's terrifying power swept down.

"Gulu..." The terrifying wave just came into contact with the fake Xiao Yan, nothing appeared, but it exploded in the next breath.

"No..." The fake Xiao Yan was initially unmoved, but the next moment, when Xiao Yan's terrifying attack hit him, he knew it was too late.

"Your strength is indeed powerful, but I have the ancient ruler of different fires. Although I don't know why, you are not a big threat to me."

"Disappear." Xiao Yan turned into a fire **** and said directly to the fake Xiao Yan.

"Gulu!" As Xiao Yan's voice fell, the fake Xiao Yan suddenly turned into white smoke, and then dissipated in Xiao Yan's terrifying attack!

"Hehe, this Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler is really a good thing." Seeing the crisis contact, Xiao Yan looked at the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler in his hand and smiled slowly.

This strange fire eternal ancient ruler was originally from the Dou Qi Continent, and the twenty-two different fires were condensed. The first time it was used was when killing the Soul Emperor. Since then, it has been following Xiao Yan. , Even Xiao Yan didn't know the specific origin of this ancient ruler of Eternal Fire.

However, Xiao Yan knew that this thing was definitely not simple!

Otherwise, the fake Xiao Yan just now was so terrifying, this Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler was not afraid at all, and even coveted his power.

"It's over?" Xiao Yan watched the fake Xiao Yan disappear, and immediately looked around with vigilance.

At this time, with the disappearance of the fake Xiao Yan, the stone hall has returned to calm, and the eight stone pillars are also immobile, as if they have not been moved just now.

As for the mysterious fighting skill scroll that was looming above the eight steps in the stone hall, Xiao Yan did not even think about taking it. Treasure, if it is so simple, I am afraid that the name will be in vain.

"Hey, this kid's comprehension is very good, the figure condensed by the stone pillar is actually just an energy body at best, and it won't kill anyone, but it is so huge that it surpasses his full first-order strength, so he dares to fight, enough to show that this The virtuous nature of the boy."

"This first step is solved, but if you can't discover the secrets in this stone palace, even I can't help you."

"Defeat this energy body is only the first way. If you want to cultivate the treasure of our human hall, you must have that kind of thing." Right above the stone hall, the mysterious old man slowly stared at Xiao Yan, and was extremely satisfied with Xiao Yan's performance just now.

Since Xiao Yan entered this stone hall, he has not moved in confusion, because he knew that this stone hall might be in danger, so even if he faced the counterfeit Xiao Yan from behind, he would still take every step.

Another thing that surprised the old man was that even if Xiao Yan was about to be put to death by the fake Xiao Yan, he did not panic at all, which made the old man's evaluation of Xiao Yan even higher.

However, the old man naturally didn't know that most of the power of the counterfeit Xiao Yan's attack was absorbed by the Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler, otherwise the old man would not give Xiao Yan any evaluation.

"This stone pillar..." Xiao Yan stood alone in the stone hall.

Relying on the huge soul power and fighting spirit, Xiao Neng discovered that this stone hall was already a sealed space, and unless his strength reached the Nine Star Dou Emperor, he would not be able to leave this stone hall at all.

However, the purpose of Xiao Yan's trip is here, and naturally he will not leave easily.

"The arrangement of the stone pillars and the arrangement of the steps seem to..." Xiao Yan thought about it.

"Weng Om!" After realizing that Xiao Yan had found something wrong, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire on Xiao Yan's palm also exuded a force, but the force was directed at the stone pillar.

"You mean, the secret exists in this stone pillar?" Xiao Yan sensed the meaning expressed by the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and immediately said in surprise.

Because Xiao Yan's perception told him that the eight stone pillars were solid and had nothing at all.

However, Xiao Yan was also a vigilant person, his body flashed slightly, and then he walked towards the eight stone pillars.

"What secret does this stone pillar hold..." Xiao Yan thought slowly as he walked.

Just after he finished speaking, Yi Huo Heng’s ancient ruler was behind his back, and then Xiao Yan’s palm was gently lifted and he walked towards one of the eight stone pillars.

"Beep beep beep!" As soon as his palm touched the stone pillar, a cold feeling spread throughout his body.

This penetrating coldness made Xiao Yan's body suddenly shakeNo..." After a few breaths, Xiao Yan probed the body of the stone pillar, but there was nothing. He immediately shook his head.

"Look at the next one." Just as Xiao Yan was about to pull away from his palm, the ancient ruler behind him suddenly shook, breaking away from Xiao Yan's restraint and hitting the stone pillar directly!

"Boom boom boom!" With the sudden scene of Yi Huo Heng Gu Zhi, Xiao Yan was extremely surprised!

But the next moment, a vision appeared directly!

"Boom boom boom!" The gray copper stone pillar collided directly with Xiao Yan's twenty-three-colored radiant ancient ruler, and the dazzling power was born directly!

"This is..." Xiao Yan's pupils only shrank, because of the collision between the two, Xiao Yan felt that the power from the collision of the two was the same mysterious power on the Dou Skill Scroll!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I just absorbed the power of the fake Xiao Yan, although the power on the fighting skill scroll is similar, but what is missing after all, now..." After Xiao finished speaking, he suddenly laughed, and then without hesitation, his body burned at a high speed. When it runs, it continuously absorbs the power of the ancient rulers and stone pillars of the different fires!

As for the scrolls of fighting skills on the eight steps in the stone hall, they slowly surfaced as Xiao Yan continued to absorb power.

The pupils of the old man above the hall became weird at this time: "This kid, is this okay?"

Ask for tickets!