Chapter 520: The strange fall of the ice-marked tiger!

"What's going on here!" Green Flute and Mu Yingying looked at each other slightly, and then looked at each other.

This Frozen Tianhu is a powerhouse that is comparable to the human six-star Dou Di, and now he is chased by a black beam of light and flees all over the sky. This is too inconsistent with the pride of this Frozen Tianhu!

"Elder Long, what's going on?" Xiao Yan was quite puzzled, so he had no choice but to ask his Yihuo Heng ancient ruler for help.

"This thing seems to be a trace of evil...a trace of something that is enough to control the souls of others or even the body..." The strange fire Hengguchi behind Xiao Yan was slightly surprised, obviously not knowing why there was such a thing.

"Damn!"

"Under this strange evil wind, our bodies are deadlocked..." Xiao Yan cursed secretly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After the appearance of this strange evil wind, Xiao Yan and the others felt that the crowding force in the sky was too terrifying, and they could not support them with the strength of their five-star fighting emperor, so they could only come to the ground!

As for the ice-marked Tianhu, the amber pupils became dignified, as if they were extremely afraid of the black beam, and then fled everywhere!

"Damn it...how did this thing come to the first floor? Isn't this thing only available on the last second floor?"

"Back then, I was injured by that character and stayed here forever..." The Ice Mark Tianhu moved quickly, constantly dealing with the black beam!

"It can't be delayed anymore!"

"This black light beam is weird, let's take action together and solve it!"

"Otherwise, things will change!" Xiao Yan's pupils flickered with solemnity, and then he said.

The next moment, Xiao Yan directly took off the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler behind him, and then a terrifying flame with twenty-three colors appeared!

Seeing this, Mu Feng was extremely sensitive to the ghosts in the ghost world due to the peculiarity of the exercises in his body, so he had some special feelings about the black beam.

"It's really strange, this thing doesn't seem like the spirit of the ghost world? What the **** is it, it can be so evil..." After Mu Feng finished speaking, his body was filled with a dark blue vindictive energy, and his eyes looked directly at the black figure behind Binghen Tianhu. beam!

"This thing... Could it be the foreign evil clan that Xiao Yan said?" Mu Yingying tilted her head slightly, glanced at Xiao Yan, who was extremely dignified, and whispered.

"Let's go!" The green flute said softly, and then the green fighting qi suddenly emerged, the speed increased sharply, and it suddenly went towards the ice-marked tiger!

"Wait, let them fight first." Long Yi suddenly said.

Afterwards, although Xiao Yan was puzzled, he stayed with everyone.

As for Xiao Yi, she stayed put.

"asshole!"

"Why are you always chasing me!" Frozen Tianhu screamed in the sky, causing some other beasts to keep making fearful sounds in the nearby forest.

"Since you insist on doing this, this emperor will not let you have a better life!" After struggling for a while, Frozen Tianhu realized that he couldn't break the pursuit of the black beam no matter what, and immediately said angrily.

The next moment, the body of Frozen Tianhu suddenly changed!

On top of the snow-white fluff, extremely conspicuous chills emerged one after another. This chill was different from what Xiao Yan had seen before!

The cold air just now can only be regarded as a small disturbance at best, and now this Frost Scar Heavenly Tiger is the real alert state!

When the black beam saw the Ice Mark Tianhu stop, it also stopped moving, and then stood slightly in the air.

"Heavenly crampons!" A loud shout appeared, and then the sharp front claws of the ice-marked tianhu suddenly lifted, slashing viciously at the space where the black beam was in front of him!

The next moment, under the claws of the ice-marked tiger, three extremely sharp icicles suddenly appeared, and then crashed towards the black beam!

"Snort!" The three icicles produced by the crampons were mysteriously melted away at a distance of one meter from the black beam!

Then it turned into a mist and dissipated in this space!

"What!" Frozen Tianhu was shocked when he saw this!

My own crampons are enough to kill the average six-star Dou Emperor, how could they be so vulnerable under this black beam!

"Susu..." After the black light beam melted the crampons, the speed skyrocketed, and then it went directly to the ice-marked Tianhu!

The speed is extremely fast, and an evil force that kills everything constantly emerges from the black beam!

"Bastard!" Seeing this, Binghen Tianhu didn't dare to neglect, the hair all over his body stood up, and a fear of death permeated his heart!

"Ice Mark!" A mad laugh suddenly appeared from the mouth of the Ice Mark Tianhu, and then in front of the Ice Mark Tianhu, a huge crack appeared out of thin air!

In the crack, a terrifying ice beam nearly a hundred meters in size appeared!

At the time when the terrifying ice glow appeared, this space condensed slightly, and the temperature instantly dropped to below zero!

There were even strands of ice on the trees next to the human beings, and even the river froze instantly!

"Cavity!" An extremely sharp voice instantly appeared from the crack in front of the Ice Mark Tianhu, and then the cold air flowed everywhere, and the icy glow on the body left the crack and flew towards the black beam!

The black beam also seemed to realize that this thing was not easy to mess with. Immediately around the black beam, an extremely majestic evil force continued to emerge, and the black beam was surrounded by water in a short period of time!

"Clang!" With a sound, like the sound of glass breaking, the sharp ice beam was instantly shattered by the black beam!

However, the light on the black beam was also dimmed a bit. Obviously, the ice beam is not a fuel-efficient lamp.

Immediately, the black light beam was not in a hurry, and went towards the ice-marked Tianhu!

"Hey... It seems that I still can't escape this disaster." Binghen Tianhu said slowly, there seemed to be a hint of relief in his eyes, and then he closed his eyes!

The next moment, a scar covered by fluff appeared on the Frozen Tianhu!

A trace of evil power flows around this scar, exactly the same as the black beam in front of it!

It's just that Xiao Yan and the others didn't find it.

"Shabu!" The black light beam cut off the forehead and body of the Frozen Tianhu directly like cutting vegetables!

It's just that the forehead and around the body, traces of black gas like flames are constantly flowing!

"It's so cruel!" Mu Yingying couldn't help but say something, Mei Mu couldn't bear to look directly.

"Although I don't know what this black beam is But the power is too terrifying."

"Now this Ice Mark Tianhu is dead, if you don't do anything, the magic core and blood essence will be lost!"

"Do it!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a monstrous aura emerged, and then he spoke the unusually dazzling light from the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire in his hand, and went towards the black beam!

After the black beam killed the Frozen Tianhu, it seemed that he did not give up and planned to do something, but before he had time to do it, Xiao Yan appeared beside the Frozen Tianhu!

"There is a magic core!" Mu Feng, who was behind Xiao Yan, shouted excitedly.

At this time, Xiao Yan stared at the black light beam in front of him, and a chill emerged from his heart!

However, the Soul Eater Talisman in Xiao Yan's palm exudes a more fiery aura. It feels like he wants to swallow the black beam in front of him!

"Xiao Yan, leave it to us here, go and subdue the demon core and blood essence of this Frozen Tianhu!" Mu Yingying spoke slightly.

"Give me three minutes!" Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and also knew the current form!

"Don't say three minutes, ten minutes will be fine!" Mu Feng responded, and then surrounded Xiao Yan with Mu Yingying and Green Flute.

"Strange, although this strange black light beam is extremely terrifying, it shouldn't be like this, how can this ice-marked tiger be so weak..." Xiao Yan murmured, and then regardless of Mu Yingying and others, he squatted down and looked at The ice-marked Tianhu, which had lost its vitality and was divided into two halves.

Ask for tickets!