Chapter 322: Bamboo old!

"Junior Xiao Yan, I have seen Senior Bamboo." Xiao Yan also respectfully said to the wooden house, and then the next moment, he stepped forward and walked slowly towards the wooden house.

When Xiao Yan walked to the wooden door of the wooden house, the wooden door of the wooden house slammed open, and then inside the wooden door, a terrifying strong wind came towards Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan's first impression of the terrifying strong wind was that it was in full swing and unstoppable, so Xiao Yan didn't care at all, and started directly.

"Humph!" Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and then a terrifying milky white flame instantly emerged, covering Xiao Yan's body.

The next moment, the invisible strong wind also made terrifying fluctuations, colliding heavily with the milky white flame on Xiao Yan's surface.

"Boom boom boom!" An invisible wave from the two scattered from Xiao Yan's body.

The next moment, the invisible wave turned into a ripple, centered on Xiao Yan, and spread out towards the surroundings!

There was also a slight turmoil in the entire dark room, but it returned to calm.

"Not good!" Xiao Yan also secretly said in his heart, even the defense of his milky white flames did not block the invisible strong wind, this invisible strong wind is so terrifying!

"Your flame doesn't seem to be simple..." A happy voice appeared slowly.

Xiao Yan fixed his eyes and saw that he was a thin, plain old man.

With Xiao Yan's ingenuity, he naturally knew that this was the so-called Old Bamboo in front of him.

"This..." Xiao Yan also didn't know which old Zhu Lao got out, but when the whole body was covered with milky white flames, the terrifying strong wind increased instead of decreasing!

The next moment, Xiao Yan's expression changed greatly!

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan didn't have time to think, the terrifying golden immortal body also appeared instantly!

The immortal body appeared, and the terrifying strong wind seemed to hit the stone with an egg, and then hit Xiao Yan's golden immortal body heavily.

The next moment, the terrifying strong wind also disappeared without a trace.

"Hehe, it's actually an immortal body..." Old Zhu also walked out and came to the edge of the wooden door, and then appeared in front of Xiao Yan and looked at Xiao Yan.

"Just now, it was just a little trick of carving insects, in order to force out your immortal body..."

"If you can't even resist that, then you're here today for nothing..." Elder Zhu said ruthlessly.

When Xiao Yan heard this, his head was also full of black lines, this old Zhu really is...

"However, this kid is really unexpected. I was lucky enough to enter this immortal body back then, but I didn't get the approval of that senior..."

"It can choose you, which means that you are also destined." Elder Zhu's voice also echoed in the wood.

"Senior has been awarded..."

"Junior is just a fluke." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly at Old Zhu.

Even if it was just a momentary contact, Xiao Yan realized that this Zhu Lao is not only extremely terrifying, but also has a very familiar force!

mental strength!

Therefore, the old Zhuo in front of him is very likely to be a powerful fighting formation master!

After all, the spiritual power of this old Zhu is many times stronger than that of Xiao Yan.

And what has always troubled Xiao Yan is the cultivation and leveling method of this spiritual power. After all, even a strong person as strong as his own master Jinlongwang knows nothing about it, so Xiao Yan can only put hope in front of this bamboo. old body.

"Do you know why I'm looking for you?" Elder Zhu also laughed strangely.

"It should be the matter of going to the Xuanling Emperor Pond this time." Xiao Yan also thought for a while and then said.

"Hehe, although this is also part of it, it's not the most important thing." Elder Zhu also said to Xiao Yan with an inscrutable face, and then walked back and forth with Xiao Yan, looking at Xiao Yan seriously. again.

"What is that..." Xiao Yan was also puzzled.

If this old Zhu is not looking for him for the Xuanling Emperor Pond, then adding this old Zhu’s identity and strength, it is very likely that…

"Look at my house first." Elder Zhu's voice sounded slowly, and the next moment, the entire wooden house became brighter.

"Well..." Xiao Yan was also puzzled just now, why it was dark when he entered this room, and it was because of this old Zhu's restraint.

"This is..." Xiao Yan didn't notice it just now, but when the room brightened, he also noticed something incredible.

"These are actually..."

"Formation scroll!" Xiao Yan's pupils were also staring at the scrolls scattered all over the room!

The room is about several hundred square meters, and none of these scrolls are placed in the room, occupying most of the room area.

Xiao Yan could also feel a very familiar wave from these scrolls...

Even the core inscription deep in Ni Gong Wan within the body is slowly moving.

"Senior, you are..." Xiao Yan was also extremely shocked, and then looked at the old man named Zhu Lao in front of him.

"Why should I believe that you also know it." Zhu Lao is also inscrutable.

"Could it be..." Xiao Yan's pupils were also beating slowly, and then he looked at Old Zhu in front of him hesitantly.

"Worship me as a teacher." The simple sentence sounded like a thunder in Xiao Yan's heart.

Xiao Yan joined the Fenxiang Pavilion. To a certain extent, the elders of the Fenxiang Pavilion can be regarded as Xiao Yan's teachers, but there are undoubtedly two situations with the real apprentices.

In the Burning Incense Pavilion that Xiao Yan joined, although the elders were Xiao Yan's teachers, they were largely in a state of stocking. Only in times of crisis.

But it is different from this kind of apprenticeship.

The real apprentice is the one who lives and dies together with this one, and the teacher will teach them all the money, and they are extremely protective of their shortcomings, so many strong people hope to find a disciple with extraordinary talent or find a powerful person in their lives. The teacher bowed down to it.

"Elder Zhu, you may be disappointed, this junior already has a master..." Although Xiao Yan looked at the scrolls of formations in Elder Zhu's room with great enthusiasm, he decisively refused the apprenticeship.

After all, no matter how powerful a person is, he can be called a human only if he has a principle in his heart. Otherwise, if a person has no choice and no bottom line, what is the difference between a machine that only knows how to kill.

"Hehe, don't you think I'm joking."

"There are countless people in this Fenxiang Pavilion who want to worship me as a teacher, you brat..." Elder Zhu also smiled slowly, but he was interrupted by Xiao Yan's words before he finished speaking.

"I know that senior, your strength and status are good, but the junior has already worshipped the teacher."

"As the saying goes, being a teacher for one day and a father for life, one cannot betray one's own teacher." Xiao Yan also said to Old Zhu.

When Xiao Yan's words fell, it was also vaguely revealed that there seemed to be a rather bad aura in this room...

And this breath is obviously emanating from Zhu Lao.

"Junior farewell." Xiao Yan also had the intention of withdrawing, then slowly clenched his fist at the old Zhu in front of him, and then quietly walked towards the wooden door.

Ask for a ticket!

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: