Chapter 437: Sit back and enjoy!

"How holy is your Excellency? It's quite shameful to do this." Pill King Chen snorted coldly with a gloomy face.

If it weren't for the terrifying strength of this mysterious person, I'm afraid Dan Wang Chenxin would have shot directly!

They worked so hard to get this fire qidan, but in a blink of an eye, they made a dowry for others. With such a huge gap, Dan Wangchen couldn't help but feel a little angry.

"Hehe, the well-known Dan Wang Chenxin and the emperor rank ninth-grade caster are also quite shameful, so there is no need to scare me like this." Zhu Lao was covered by a black cloak, so there was no need to worry about being recognized by the two of them. Out, the fire unicorn in his hand swayed a few times, facing the two people.

"Damn it, you're actually enjoying it, this old bastard!" Even with the arrogance of Pill King Chen Xin, he immediately scolded him.

"This person is very strong. At least when the Fire Qidan was taken from you, the power of life and death blended together. It was too terrifying. We could only retreat first." Master Lu said solemnly, because he felt it from Zhu Lao. A rather trembling force!

Only when they reach the level of their Nine-Star Dou Emperor can they become more clear about the terrifying gap in each of the nine turns, not to mention the terrifying degree of the fusion of life and death on the body in front of them. Only Dou Xian can have it.

"Yep."

"However, what are these flames around us..." Pill King Chen Xin also deserved to be a person from Pill Valley, and calmed down the next moment.

Although the value of this fire qidan is quite high, under the choice of life and fire qidan, there is no doubt that only the former will be chosen.

"This... it seems to be an array?" Master Lu felt a little bit, but said in surprise.

At this time, the two of them had already lost the green poisonous gas around them, but what replaced them was an extremely hot wave!

Flames could be seen everywhere, only the place where the three of them were, Master Lu, had a gap, and the other places were filled with flames.

It felt like it was like being in a sea of ​​fire outside.

"What a terrifying power of flame... This kind of control strength, I am afraid it can be comparable to the power of the sect master to control poison." Bing Xin said a little weakly, although the fire qidan was taken away, but now he is also fierce. few.

It wasn't that Bing Xin didn't want to stop Pill King Chen Xin from taking away the Fire Qidan, but it was because the recoil of the fairy ring was too terrifying, so Bing Xin couldn't help it.

"Formation?"

"There are not a few of us who know how to use the formation technique in Xuan Santian, but most of them are just a few sidewalkers. The ones who can really use the formation technique are really pure... It seems that only the bamboo embers in the Burning Incense Pavilion." Dan Wang suddenly remembered.

"Bamboo Jin...that's the first mage of the entire Xuantian Santian. If this person is really him, we will be in trouble." Master Lu said, staring at the mysterious figure not far away.

"Leave here first and talk about what Huo Qidan said..."

"Let's see fate." Dan Wangchen gritted his teeth with a bit of heartache, but this was something he couldn't do.

"En." When Master Lu heard the words, he glanced at the calm Pill King Chenxin beside him in surprise. This was not like the Pill King Chenxin he knew at ordinary times.

This Pill King Chenxin asked himself to be moved this time, but he offered quite a lot of conditions. If he returned empty-handed, then this Pill King Chenxin would have lost everything!

"Don't look at it, this formation is a bit weird, let's break it first, otherwise the two of us will be more fortunate today." King Dan found Master Lu's surprise, and then explained.

"Okay!" Master Lu smiled when he heard the words.

The next moment, Master Lu directly released the immortal bundle that bound Bing Xin.

With the disappearance of the immortal ring, Bing Xin fell down instantly, and the feeling of weakness in the body continued to spread throughout the body. Even if the immortal ring had been detached, the huge sealing force contained in the immortal ring made it so Bingxin would be hard to move for a while.

"Shabu Shabu!" Dan Wang Chenxin and Master Lu worked together to fight against the formation arranged by Zhu Lao.

In the formation, there are flames everywhere, and the temperature of the flames is extremely high. Even King Pill Chen, who has been dealing with flames, can't help but frown.

"Drink!" Master Lu and Dan Wang Chenxin drank at the same time, and then the terrifying fighting spirit instantly filled their bodies.

Two huge fighting qi just appeared, and the flames around the body were instantly extinguished, but before the two of them had time to be happy, terrifying flames were emerging!

In the next moment, the flames around the body violently wriggled and condensed into a flaming python, swallowing the snake letter from time to time, and the snake letter accompanied by the terrifying flame grudge constantly filled the flame python's body.

"damn it!"

"This flame python actually has a lot of wisdom." Dan Wang Chen Xin saw at a glance that this flame python was unusual, and immediately became vigilant!

Pill King Chen Xin had just broken through to the Nine-Star Dou Emperor some time ago, and now he is at best a Nine-Star Dou-Emperor, not even a Nine-Star Dou-Emperor.

And Master Lu is a Rank 5 nine-star Dou Emperor!

It's just that the two of them at this time were quite embarrassed by the flame python.

Originally, the neat clothes of the two of them smelled burnt, and some faint flame burn marks appeared on their bodies.

"Can not hesitate any more!"

"one strike!"

"You must leave here!" Master Lu said firmly.

Master Lu knows that although this formation is not strong, as time goes by, Master Lu can feel that the power of flame in this formation seems to be constantly getting stronger!

If it is delayed like this, I am afraid that even Master Lu will not be able to solve it!

"Chen Xin, hold it back!"

"Give me a few minutes!" After Master Lu finished speaking, he sat down and settled down, as if an extremely terrifying offensive was brewing!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Okay!" Dan Wang Chen heard the words, nodded secretly, and then dealt with the terrifying flame python.

"The little doll of the Poison Sect..." Zhu Veteran, who was the center of the formation, put away the Fire Qidan and murmured.

"Ugh……"

"Our pavilion master really has a deep love between sons and daughters..."

"Not only with the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion, but also with the sect master of the Poison Sect." Zhu Lao said helplessly, and then the figure disappeared strangely in place.

When he appeared in the next instant, he appeared beside Dan Wang Chenxin and the others!

With a wave of Old Zhu's palm, a terrifying handprint of energy passed by Pill King Chenxin in an instant!

"No!" Upon seeing this, Dan Wangchen hurriedly shouted, just trying to stop this old Zhu's attack, but he unexpectedly slapped the weak Bing Xin away!

"This person... seems to remember what the sect master once said." Although Bing Xin was weak, when Zhu Lao pulled himself away, he clearly couldn't feel any dangerous aura from the energy handprint. Gentle power.

After the old general Bing Xin was pulled away, he didn't stay here too much. Pulling Bing Xin was a strange move, and then slowly disappeared in the eyes of Pill King Chen Xin!

With the departure of Zhu Lao, this formation is not self-defeating.

"What about the bamboo embers of the Burning Incense Pavilion..." Dan Wangchen muttered viciously, then looked at Master Lu beside him.

"Let's go back first." Seeing this, Master Lu reluctantly stretched out his hand.

As Zhu Lao left with Bing Xin, two shadows kept rushing towards here in the distant sky.

Ask for tickets!