Chapter Vol 2 839: Mantis catches cicada oriole behind

"Successful?" Yue Ru and Mu Yingying couldn't help being surprised, and then said to Xiao Yan above the sky.

Xiao Yan's every move just now affected the hearts of the two girls, especially when the power of the calamity was finally detonated, the two girls were extremely worried, but fortunately there was no danger, otherwise the two girls would have to take action if they were desperate.

Besides, the power of such a terrifying calamity was actually taken over by Xiao Yan. Although this largely depends on the help of the Heavenly King Ginseng and the Golden Demon Puppet, who can deny that without Xiao Yan's boldness and carefulness, he succeeded Just fine.

"Hehe, thank you very much." The human-looking Heavenly King Shen immediately clasped his fists at Xiao Yan, but his movements were stiff, obviously because he had just mastered this body and wasn't quite used to it.

"Then, what I promised you." The next moment, Tian Wang Shen threw his body directly to Xiao Yan.

He knew that if it wasn't for Xiao Yan, he would have completely fallen into the last catastrophe.

"Hehe." Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and took over the day Wang Shen.

Tianwang ginseng just started, and a special energy from the heart suddenly emerged from it. Rao was slightly surprised by Xiao Yan's strength.

"If the king ginseng is also solved today, the resurrection of the ancestors is almost the last medicinal material."

"Sky Dew."

"But this thing is really a headache." Xiao Yan carefully put away the Heavenly King Ginseng, and then thought to himself.

According to the information Xiao Yan knows now, I am afraid that this Canglonglu will not appear in the human world, so Xiao Yan can't be asked to find it in the dragon clan.

There are too many strong people in the dragon clan, I am afraid that the current Xiao Yan's past is like sending him to death.

"Let's go down first, we have caused too much movement here, I'm afraid it will attract a lot of coveted humans." Tian Wangshen said.

"You can be considered a real human now." Xiao Yan and Tian Wang Shen descended slightly into the barrier, Xiao Yan laughed.

"really."

"However, the strength has also dropped to the level of the initial stage of a one-star Dou Di." After Tian Wangshen finished speaking, the corners of his mouth were indeed full of excitement.

Although the strength of the human being converted directly dropped from the peak of Dou Emperor to the one-star Dou Emperor, Tianwangshen didn't say much, because he knew that if he didn't convert to human, I'm afraid he wouldn't be able to survive the second catastrophe.

This first catastrophe alone made him so embarrassed, and the following few things could directly kill him.

"congratulations."

"Since you're a human, you definitely need a human name, so you can't always be called by the Heavenly King, the Heavenly King." Yueru said with a smile.

"Hahaha."

"really."

"Let me think about it."

"Why don't you just call it Tianshen."

"My main body is Tianwangshen, and now I have converted to human beings, omitting the word king." Tianwangshen smiled.

"Alright."

"Then I will call you Tianshen." Xiao Yan suddenly smiled when he heard this.

"Yes." Tianshen smiled happily.

If you convert to human, you can see the beauty of the human world, and you don't have to worry about the catastrophe all day long.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Is your puppet okay?" After a while, Tianshen said suddenly.

"It's fine." Xiao Yan responded slightly after hearing this.

"It's fine if it's all right." Tian Jian Xiao Yan said that it was all right, so he felt at ease.

He knew that the manufacturing price of powerful puppet refiners was quite high. If there was any loss, Tianshen would naturally make up for Xiao Yan.

"Since the medicine garden is over, find a few others and go to the Purple Crystal Palace first."

"Where is the final destination?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"A purple crystal palace?"

"Although I do know some things inside, but now that my strength has declined, I am afraid I can only rely on you." Tianshen said vigilantly, facing the purple crystal palace, even if it is as powerful as Tianshen, he is quite afraid.

"Yes." Xiao Yan knew the situation of Tianshen for a long time, and said immediately.

"This barrier is quite sturdy." Xiao Yan jokingly said, Xiao Yan realized that he could not open the barrier with his own strength, and said immediately.

However, Xiao Yan was perceptive, but he knew that the two who were following him were still outside. Immediately, the core inscription of the divine life at Ni Gong Wan continued to flash with a trace of spiritual power, clearly arranging something.

"Hey, this is solved." Tianshen said with a grin after hearing this.

"Disperse." Following Tianshen's opening, the barrier immediately disappeared, revealing Xiao Yan and the others.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan just opened his mouth, but he noticed two figures as fast as a gust of wind.

"Hehe, Brother Xiao Yan, don't leave in such a hurry."

"The fluctuation just now seems to be caused by the tribulation of the wonders of heaven and earth. I wonder if Brother Xiao Yan saw it?" Wang Xie and Guni also appeared, blocking Xiao Yan's way and then spoke.

"People from Solomon and Ten Thousand Poison Sect?" Yue Ru was slightly surprised when she saw this, because judging from the breath of the two, it was obvious that the two were not weak.

Guni's strength has reached the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and Solomon's low-key behavior is probably extremely difficult to deal with.

And the behavior style of Wandumen is extremely strange, Wang Xie's strength has also reached the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, these two powerful people, immediately made Yueru have a fear.

"Finally can't stand it anymore?" Xiao Yan seemed to have long known that the two were following him, so he spoke slightly, his voice extremely flat.

"You already knew?" Seeing this, Guni immediately spoke.

"I've known since you entered the medicine garden." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"What if you know?"

"Now that you are separated from the people of the Poison Sect and Wanhua Pavilion, even if you are strong, I am afraid that today will not escape bad luck." Wang Xie looked disdainful. Fear of Xiao Yan's six-star Dou Di's complete strength This statement is reasonable. "

"However, if I say that I deliberately separated from them, just to lure the two of you out, I'm afraid you won't believe it." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile, the corners of his mouth curled into a dangerous arc.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, I respect you as a man, but you're not afraid to flick your tongue when you speak?"

"Your Six-Star Dou Emperor's perfect strength, but you still have two burdens, is this also a vain attempt to fight us?"

"We're not little shrimps." Wang Xie said quite amusingly.

"It's natural."

"How can the outstanding disciples of Solomon and Wandu Sect be ordinary people?"

"However, you must underestimate me too much." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the surrounding space suddenly flowed slightly, and an invisible wave of hot fire directly wrapped everyone around!

"Formation?" The next moment, Wang Xie discovered something and said in surprise.

"They are gone!" Gunny was also vigilant, and then he glanced around, but found that the place had already changed.

"We should be trapped in the formation by Xiao Yan now."

"Damn!"

"I actually forgot that Xuantian's first battle formation master came from their Burning Incense Pavilion." After Wang Xie finished speaking, he and Guni became vigilant at the same time, because this formation was full of dangerous flame power!

Seven shifts today, six shifts tomorrow, and ten shifts the day after tomorrow.