Chapter Vol 4 1654: Weird Mu Wushuang!

"Little Zhuoma... can you tell my sister, why did those big guys chase you?" Irene asked hurriedly after seeing the little girl looking at Xiao Yan vigilantly.

"I have no idea……"

"I just woke up, and they kept chasing and killing me. Little Zhuoma ran and ran, but couldn't get out of the red fog, just when Little Zhuoma couldn't hold it anymore..." Little Zhuoma said slightly.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, his head full of black lines.

"It's okay, those bad guys have been driven away by the big brother, we will protect you."

"So big brother is not a bad person." Irene hugged little Zhuoma, pointed her finger at Xiao Yan lightly, and said.

"It's not a bad person...but inside him..." Hearing Eriner say this, little Zhuoma looked complicated and hesitated.

"Forget it, take her with you first, and wait for her memory to slowly recover."

"Also, I have to clean up the dirt on her body first, you are not allowed to peek!" After a while, Eriner protected Little Dolma and walked behind a rather hidden shade of a tree.

Obviously, getting rid of dirt is quite easy for a water-type powerhouse.

"These two guys." Seeing the appearance of the two, Xiao Yan couldn't help but be touched, and a figure named Xiaoxiao echoed in his mind.

"That Nizi and Cailin were carved out of the same mold, and I'm afraid they are also a lady now."

"It seems that after finishing the matter here as soon as possible, we will go back to the lower realm and bring them up, but the place is not settled yet, so we should wait." Xiao Yan muttered slowly.

As for the lower realm, the Dou Qi Continent, there is still a prosperous world at this time, but after Xiao Yan and the others have left for many years, there are also some Dou Di strong people coming out there, but they temporarily suppress the plane reception by virtue of their strength. After all, Xiao Yanwu The life and death of a Dou Emperor stepping through the void is unknown, and they naturally won't easily step out of the Dou Qi Continent.

"Grumbling..."

"It should be here."

"Those soul beasts that were tracked just now were actually dumped. I hope the target is not lost. After all, that little girl is an extremely important part of obtaining immortality." A strange breath permeated out.

"who!"

"Get out of here!" Xiao Yan was still in a state of melancholy, but by instinct he smelled an extremely dangerous aura, and immediately frowned, staring at this space with a vigilant look.

"The middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals?" Hearing Xiao Yan's voice, the soil loosened, and a man with a gloomy complexion burst out of the ground with a very surprised tone.

"The aura on this guy's body is so weird." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's eyes became serious.

"Special ghosts tempt their souls, impermanence seeks their lives."

"In the next Mu Wushuang." The strange man clasped his hands and faced Xiao Yan. As soon as he finished speaking, his whole body was enveloped by a sinister black ghost.

"Soul body?"

"Native inhabitants of the ghost world?" Seeing such mysterious power, Xiao Yan was extremely shocked in his body.

Since Xiao Yan entered the ghost world, he has always lived in a place where there are many humans, so he is quite weak against ghosts, and the power of ghosts far exceeds that of normal humans. Otherwise, the huge area of ​​the ghost world will only have a false name. That's it.

"I don't have much effort to entangle with you, so..."

"Ghosts are bound!" At that time, the ghosts and human bodies suddenly became illusory, and the black rays of light turned into ferocious and terrifying dim lights, roaring away at Xiao, and among those dim lights, there was unexpectedly filled with a terrifying light. Xiao Yan was quite afraid of the strange power.

"Moving the Sky Ruler!" Xiao Yan didn't dare to have any contempt, and his eyes became serious.

"Bang bang bang!" A series of explosions sounded. The seemingly fierce attack was transferred to another place by Xiao Yan. After the blink of an eye, a huge pit with a depth of tens of meters emerged, and even the edge of the giant pit, a trace of A faint light filled the air, and in these dim light, a touch of mysterious power permeated.

"What kind of power is this?" Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering, this kind of spooky ghost energy was the first time Xiao Yan had seen since he entered the ghost world.

"I can't see you have a second chance!"

"Pick me up!"

"Ghost Eating Soul!" Seeing Xiao Yan easily evading his own attack, the gloomy man also showed slight surprise, but the more powerful attack in his hand appeared in an instant!

"Where is this guy sacred?"

"These attacks of him seem to be directly attacking the power of the human soul, and they are still hard to prevent..." Xiao Yan's body, the extremely hot flames spread out like ripples, and immediately asked in doubt.

"You Ming Tian Trance!" Seeing the gloomy man in front of him attacking like this, Xiao Yan's eyes closed, the soul power in his body suddenly squirmed, and countless powers in the spiritual layer were mobilized by Xiao Yan, and instantly filled out.

Although imprisonment limits the perception of everyone, there is no limit to the power of the soul.

"Soul fighting skills?" A trace of shock appeared on the illusory face of the gloomy man looking at Xiao Yan's blow.

"However, this level of attack is too weak for me." The gloomy man smiled slowly, and an extremely terrifying dim light suddenly condensed into a giant palm that was thousands of feet in size. On the palm of the hand, the extremely gloomy ghost energy, like the continuous flow of Taotao river water, is domineering. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Boom!" After a while, the two attacked, easily attacked together, and a circle of destruction ripples emerged from the center of the two's attack. The degree of tyranny of the forces was shocking enough.

"Kid, die!" Before the battle wave dissipated, the gloomy man roared, and the more powerful wave attacked Xiao Yan.

"Curtain of Tianshui!" The aftermath slowly spread, and a humming sound emerged from a distance. A sturdy water curtain, like a barrier, completely protected Xiao Yan. Immediately, the bodies of Irene and Xiao Zhuoma, also emerged.

It's just that little Dolma was dressed in an orderly manner by Irene, with her double ponytail and bangs covering her forehead, and she wore a rather small dress, which was quite beautiful.

"This little girl is indeed here...but the strength of these two guys, I'm afraid it's difficult to deal with it alone, so I'd better go back and report the news to the adults." The gloomy man looked at the three present. Looking at the dazzling water curtain barrier, he shook his head.

"He wants to run, stop him!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly shouted.

"Susu." With a sound, Xiao Yan and Irene's attacks landed directly on the ghostly aura, but in order to spread out a trace of strength to protect Xiao Zhuoma, the gloomy man immediately used the cover of the ghostly aura to leave here.

After a while, the place returned to calm, and only Xiao Yan and the three were left.

Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network