Chapter Vol 4 1476: Conspiracy!

"Crash!"

"In this maze, there is such a strange atmosphere..." Xiao Yan and Du Qifei slowly walked on a maze road, stopped and said.

"I'm afraid there is something in here that makes me feel a tinge of dread in my reincarnation fluctuations." After a while, Du Qifei also stared at the strange aura dissipating in the void and said.

"Be careful." Xiao Yan nodded, but his heart was still shocked.

It can make Du Qifei feel fearful of the fluctuation of reincarnation, is it a more powerful evil creature?

"The power of reincarnation fluctuations has not been fully reincarnated, so the general four-star fighting immortal and five-star fighting immortal powerhouse will also have this kind of situation." Duo Qifei explained, seeming to see through Xiao Yan's doubts at a glance.

"Let's go, let's see what is in this maze." After a while, Xiao Yan and Du Qifei also walked towards the depths of the maze.

"Boom!" The two walked slowly along the maze passage, but as they went deeper and deeper, the passage was still extremely calm, and no danger appeared. At that time, the sound of water droplets sounded at the corner of the passage.

"Water droplets?" Xiao Yan heard this, stopped and walked slowly to the corner of the wall, staring at the water droplets dripping down from the top of the passage, wondering.

"Why are there water droplets in this passage?"

"And there is no danger at all. Could it be that we have gone the wrong way?" Du Qifei was also puzzled by this and asked in confusion.

"It should be correct, let's go on." Xiao Yan kept looking at the pond below and the water droplets on the top, and then slowly opened his mouth.

Judging from the depth of this pond, it was three feet deep. Obviously, the existence of these water droplets may have existed for a long time. After all, Xiao Yan still understands the truth of water droplets passing through stones.

"This should be the Heavenly Palace of Fascinating Souls." Xiao Yan vigilantly walked deeper with Du Qifei, and the Soul Eater said thoughtfully.

"The Heavenly Palace of Bewilderment?" Xiao Yan said in surprise, because when he just entered the maze, Xiao Yan's mind collapsed and there was a slight palpitation. the way.

"The Heavenly Palace of Fascinating Souls, this is probably the first level of the ruins of the Heavenly King's possession. I guess its purpose is to prevent the entry of foreign evil races."

"I remember that at the beginning, Tianwangzang used his own strength to forcefully entangle the Poison Temple Demon Empress for a while, and later, in cooperation with the Lord of the Soul Heavenly Plane and some powerful guys, he dispatched great means to destroy the Poison Temple. The Demon Empress' seal is suppressed here."

"And in order to completely suppress the Poison Demon Empress and weaken the power of the evil tribes outside the realm, it finally evolved into a Demon Suppression Prison to suppress endless evil creatures, but for this reason, the Tianwangzang also fell into darkness, so that its ruins and corpses Trapped in the Demon Suppression Prison, but fortunately at the last moment, Tianwangzang still used some means to leave his lifelong learning in the ruins, and even set up tests and formations. Those who are destined to inherit their own mantle and mantle are also to prevent the invasion of foreign evil clans, after all, I am in the Suppression Prison, once the poisonous demon queen escapes, the consequences will be disastrous." The Lord of Soul Eater ignored Xiao Yan, Said to himself.

"As for the origin of the Fascinating Heaven Palace, it is said that it was a formation that was controlled by luck in the hands of Tianwang Zang. Once this formation was used, it turned thousands of miles of territory into a labyrinth formation, which could easily imprison many enemies, even in the formation. Hidden murderous intentions, when the caster's mind is moved, it can cut people into the invisible, it is a tyrannical formation that is worthy of the name of attack and defense, and this formation, at the beginning, also made great contributions to the illustrious name of Tianwangzang." Soul Eater The Lord opened his mouth.

"I see."

"It seems that this Fascinating Heaven Palace is really weird." Xiao Yan agreed slowly.

"But I don't see any attack intentions in the Temple of the Soul, I am afraid that the guards are testing you." The Lord of Soul Eater whispered, but Xiao Yan didn't listen.

After a while, he ignored his master and continued to walk with the two of them. In the end, they returned to the place where the two and the others had just separated. Obviously, no matter how the two moved, they were all spinning in place. There are no changes to the road left.

It seems that this fascination Tiangong can only go out and cannot enter, which is quite strange.

"With a drop of blood."

"Any blood is fine." After a while, the Lord of Soul Eater also said.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan heard the words, the ring in his hand suddenly wriggled, and a drop of bewitching monster blood appeared.

"With fire, burn it."

"Remember to use holy flame... I hope my guess is correct." The next moment, the Lord of Soul Eater opened his mouth.

"Bang bang bang!" With the khaki-yellow holy flames emerging from Xiao Yan's body, he easily burned the blood of the demon beasts into nothingness, and suddenly a pungent aura of demon beasts slowly drifted out.

"Sure enough, it's Sheng Yan... Forget it, these two guys are cheap." At the same time, a strange figure in the depths of the fascination Tiangong let out a gloomy smile, so the palm was gently closed, and a strange power was present at that time. , abruptly walked towards the direction of Xiao Yan and the two of them.

"Hush!" For a moment, before Xiao Yan could ask what this strange power was, the surrounding walls suddenly started to turn slowly under the gaze of the two of them.

Under such squirming, the only way out of the labyrinth was slowly disappearing, and even several other passages were slowly disappearing, and the surrounding walls were still entangled in the middle. Seeing this, it was astonishing that they wanted to take Xiao Yan and the two of them together. The figure was crushed to pieces!

"not good!"

"Let's go!" And looking at the suddenly wriggling wall Xiao Yan didn't have time to ask the Soul Eater Lord, and immediately looked shocked, and directly pulled Du Qifei towards the only one in front of the two. He walked away through a passage, because Xiao Yan knew that the walls were covered with obscure and ancient lines. If they were so closed, it would be useless to even cast the Dragon God Transformation. This level of power is obviously not their mere three-star power. Dou Xian's initial strength can handle it.

"Bang bang bang!" The wall squirmed, and the passage that had just left disappeared without a trace. Even in front of the two, only the only passage was exposed, but above this passage, it was completely different from the passage just now.

The walls around the passage are quite sturdy, and the countless tiny lines make it extremely mysterious. Through this wall, I can vaguely see a light of dawn reflected not far away.

"There...will it be the end of the labyrinth?" After a while, Xiao Yan slowly raised his head, and the holy flame in his body also burst out with a thrust, causing Xiao Yan to go towards the light mouth.

"Go and have a look." Seeing that there was no way out, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, looked at Du Qifei, then walked gently and walked towards Guangkou.

"Come in, two little fellows." And when the two moved towards the mouth of the light, the matter of getting closer and closer to the mouth of the light, a kind voice slowly came from behind the mouth of the light.

There was a gentle smile in the sound that seemed to be kind, but the power hidden under this smile made Xiao Yan shudder!

The strength of this mysterious voice is astonishingly surpassing the strength of the four-star fighting fairy just now, even more than that!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: