Chapter 206: Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger vs Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King!

"Wolf King, you and I don't make river water, why is this?" The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger's amber pupils stared at the silver Canglei Wolf King not far away, and there was no lack of anger in his voice!

"Ouch~" The silver blue thunder wolf king also howled, and then attacked the holy tiger of heaven!

"Damn it, is this silver Cang Thunder Wolf King controlled by his summoned intelligence..." The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was also vigilant. Facing a powerhouse of the same level, he did not dare to be distracted in battle.

"Brother, what do you think the silver blue wolf king has against the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger?" Yu Jing also asked curiously.

"I'm not too sure. After all, this is the first time we have summoned, and the strength of the silver blue thunder wolf king is not too clear."

"However, the summoning scroll of the silver blue thunder wolf king made me waste a lot of strength to get it, and its power should not be underestimated." Yu Hui also stared at the two behemoths in the field and said.

The Silver Blue Thunder Wolf King ignored the words of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger at all, because the Silver Blue Thunder Wolf King summoned by the Summoning Fighting Skill had lost his original wisdom and became a fighting machine that only knew how to fight according to Yu Hui and the others. !

It's like brainwashing! This is the tyranny of summoning fighting skills!

Absolute loyalty, and you don't have to worry about summons backlash.

The silver blue thunder wolf king moved, his strong and powerful forelimbs jumped, and his hind legs were powerful, and in an instant, like a sharp sword resting on a bow and arrow, he swiftly moved towards the place of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger.

When the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger saw this, the red flames all over his body suddenly began to beat violently. The snow-white fluff on the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger's body was also fluttering in the wind. When surrounded by red flames, it looked quite elegant, but if you look closely, it is possible. It was found that the space around Tianhuo Shenghu had a slight vibration, and then a more powerful force burst out!

"This breath..."

"Damn it!" When Yu Hui saw the flame aura on the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, he also understood that the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger who had just fought with them was obviously disdainful of fighting them, so he was teasing them. The current Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger is the real one. of it!

However, if you look closely, you will find that there is a very small azure blue flame in the red flame on the body of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger.

This power has a level comparable to that of a human five-star fighting emperor!

Yu Hui also knew very well that although the Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King had the strength not inferior to that of a human five-star Dou Emperor, he was undoubtedly insignificant compared to the king in the eastern part of the corpse forest.

"Damn it, Yu Jing, be careful, if the situation isn't right, let us slip away immediately." Yu Hui also snorted coldly.

The battle on the field has begun.

The silver Canglei Wolf King moved towards the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger at a swift speed. In an instant, he came to the side of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, and then raised his left wolf claws, which were several tens of feet long, and carried the overwhelming power to face the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger. The tiger slapped it fiercely!

His eyes are full of greed!

This seems to be a simple blow, but it contains the powerful power of the silver blue thunder wolf king. If there is no defense, this blow is enough to easily kill the powerhouse at the peak of the four-star fighting emperor!

Although the attack of the Silver Canglei Wolf King was fast, he could not escape the capture of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger. Then the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger's amber pupils also turned abruptly, and then he looked at the attacking wolf claws!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Space freezes!"

The space solidified once again, and the powerful strike of the silver blue thunder wolf king was cracked away, and then the Tianhuo Holy Tiger was not idle. At the moment when the silver blue thunder wolf king was locked by his own "space solidification", The right tiger grabbed the red terrifying flames all over his body and attacked the body of the silver Cang Thunder Wolf King!

"Shabu Shabu Shabu!"

With the attack of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, although most of the power was blocked by the defense of the silver blue thunder wolf king, there were still three conspicuous wounds left on the body of the silver blue thunder wolf king!

Through the wound, you can vaguely see that the flesh and blood under the gray hair of the body has some small blue flames remaining, and the blue flame is slowly beating at the wound. The attack of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger is so terrifying!

"Ow!"

The silver blue thunder wolf king also howled violently. Obviously, he did not expect that the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger would actually use the technique of "space freezing", so he suffered a big loss. However, although the attack of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was tyrannical, he was still attacked by it. I resisted it, but I didn't expect that the attack of this flame giant claw would actually attach to my body.

The shocking wound on the silver blue wolf king's body was even more painful under the scorching heat of the flame!

"Ow!" The silver blue thunder wolf king kept howling, obviously underestimating the flame power of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, and screamed aloud by the scorching flames.

Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, as the name suggests, are the most powerful flames. Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger has grown to the fifth-order beast of the emperor, and has devoured a lot of flames, although these flames may only be weak and weak beast fires and the like. But the victory lies in the huge number, so the power generated cannot be underestimated.

Moreover, the most taboo thing for the Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King is the blue flames at the three wounds on his body!

Don't look at the small flames, because the strength of the silver blue wolf king is quite timid, as if the blue flames are extremely terrifying!

The Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King also ignored the attack of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger. Silver rays of light flashed all over his body, and then thunder appeared on his body!

Because it knows that if the azure flame is not extinguished as soon as possible, then this wound of its own will further expand!

When the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger saw this, it didn't stop. It attacked the Silver Thunder Wolf King, who was eager to extinguish the blue flames on his body. There were several scars, but the blue flame did not appear.

"Ouch!" The silver blue thunder wolf king finally extinguished the blue flame on his body, so he screamed a few times angrily. At this time, he also understood that if this went on, he would definitely not be the opponent of the Heavenly Fire Holy Tiger. !

The Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King himself was already injured. On the other hand, the Fire Sacred Tiger that day, the flames on his body continued to surround him, and his strength became more and more courageous.

"This..." Yu Jing was also stunned as she watched the battle on the field. What kind of game was this playing, and the silver blue thunder wolf king was directly crushed?

"To shut up!"

"Give it the rest of your power!" After Yu Hui finished speaking , he also started the exercise, with silver light flashing from his body, and he walked away towards the body of the silver Cang Thunder Wolf King.

With the injection of the power of the two silver rays of light, the aura of the silver wolf king also became stronger.

The Silver Blue Thunder Wolf King's one-eyed stared at the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, and then seemed to have a plan, the breath of the whole body soared to the extreme, the terrifying silver light filled the whole body, and the power of thunder was constantly beating on the body, just like thunder. king!

The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also understood that the Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King was planning to kill with one blow, so the breath of his body was raised to the extreme, and then the flame was compressed.

An extremely hot flame breath and an extremely huge thunder breath, two huge breaths also permeated the sky, forming a different kind of scenery on the second floor of the corpse forest.

"What kind of aura is this? How powerful?" Many people in the second floor of the Infernal Corps were attracted by the sky-piercing thunder and flames.

"Where is Xiao Yan?" Mu Feng also asked.

"Why does this flame smell so weird?"

"Let's go, let's go and have a look." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also headed towards the destination first.

"It's actually a battle between the Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King and the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger. This is a rare encounter. It just so happened that I also went to see the kid who entered the secret realm." A rather handsome man also said, taking a closer look at the man He was the one who discovered that Xiao Yan had entered the secret realm and was enjoying the moonlight in a cave!

Ask for a ticket, hello~