Chapter Vol 4 1174: The might of the fighting spirit!

"Boom boom boom!" In the sky, the black giant snake was pierced by the chain in an instant, and then the pitch-black rune was turned into a burst of black smoke, bursting with dazzling energy ripples, frantically blasting towards the hills in all directions. Shoot away!

At the same time, the momentum of the chain still did not weaken at all, and whistled away at Yugan on his own, looking at this appearance, he wanted to use the power of the chain to completely obliterate Yugan!

"What kind of power is waking up in this guy, so strong!" And Xiao Yan, who was below, couldn't help being startled and said.

The strength of the black-robed man is inherently tyrannical. Even if he is as powerful as a feather, he is forced to use even more powerful power. If this black-robed man is a soul clan, I am afraid that the souls of the great thousand worlds Clan, compared to the soul clan of Dou Qi Continent, is much stronger.

"This is... the fluctuation of the fighting spirit?" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, the Soul Eater said in surprise. With the eyes of the Soul Eater Lao Lai, it was a moment when he noticed Yu Gan. the purpose.

"Hahaha."

"Old chop!"

"Originally, this thing was reserved to deal with the wind of death, but I didn't expect you to force it out."

"I have to say that you are very strong, but this game is over!" Yugan stood in the sky, the explosion Yu Bo hadn't completely dissipated, and crazy laughter suddenly came from the center of the explosion.

It's just that at this time, Yu Gan's aura has undergone earth-shaking changes. The original aura is only with some violent thunder power, but at this moment, its aura is full of violence, like a peerless beast. generally!

"Chok Cho!" The black-robed man's chains were held by Yu Gan, and he was thrown off the ground at will like a mangy dog.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying impact made the jet-black chain shoot directly into the ground for dozens of meters, and when the chain just touched the feather stem, the pitch-black rune on the chain was actually melted by the feather stem. And go!

And after using the soul lock to destroy the giant black snake Yugan, he tried to kill Yugan in one fell swoop with the help of that fierce breath, but the man in black robe, who was the winner, never thought that this feather still has such strength?

With just one encounter, he instantly destroyed his chain, and even the mysterious rune on his soul chain was turned into powder by the blow just now!

"Pfft!" With a sound, black blood emerged directly from the mouth of the black-robed man. Obviously, the soul lock had some secret connection with him. Now the runes on the soul lock have been completely wiped out by Yugan, and the black-robed man He also suffered serious internal injuries!

"Do... Dou Soul?" The black-robed man raised his head with a bit of bitterness at the corner of his mouth, looking up at the sky, exuding a violent aura, like a mighty beast like a feather, he couldn't help saying.

Yugan's aura is inherently tyrannical, that's why the man in black robe wants to kill him in one go!

And with the emergence of the power of the fighting spirit, the black-robed man can feel that this feather is several times stronger than when he fought against him before!

"Hoohoho!" Yugan was in mid-air. At this moment, a phantom appeared behind him. The phantom was floating, making it difficult to identify his true identity, but his pupils were extremely red.

"This guy actually forcibly devoured the fighting spirit..."

"Aren't you afraid of being attacked..."

"What a lunatic." The black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf on the side couldn't help cursing in a low voice.

If it really devours the fighting spirit, once the power of the fighting spirit is used, the main body of the fighting spirit will also be attached, and the city master is a great help, but the phantom like Yugan is obviously caused by the backlash of the fighting spirit. This situation is undoubtedly the sequelae left by forcible phagocytosis.

Fighting Soul is the most obvious thing among the fighting spirit powerhouses. It can be said without any hesitation that if a strong person in the early stage of a one-star fighting immortal has a fighting spirit, it is enough to easily defeat a middle-stage one-star fighting fairy. of the strong.

It is the kind of crushing that is easy and effortless!

No matter how monstrous the powerhouse in the middle stage of Star Dou Xian is, it will be completely crushed by the powerhouse in the early stage of One Star Dou Xian with the soul!

This is where the fighting spirit is strong.

It's just that there are many ways to devour the fighting spirit, but the feather in front of him swallowed it like this, obviously it was forcibly swallowed, whether it was the use of the fighting spirit or the load on himself, it was quite a lot!

But even so, Yu Gan, who had displayed the power of fighting soul at this time, wanted to obliterate the black-robed man. seriously injured!

"Damn bastard!"

"A little ghost king city under the shadowy sky actually has a strong man who devoured the fighting spirit."

"Miscalculation." The black-robed man forcibly suppressed the shock in his body and said word by word.

As a high-level ghost kingdom, he naturally knows the horror of fighting spirits, but even a powerhouse of his level cannot devour the fighting spirits. Strong?

The man in black robe is jealous and hateful, but after weighing it, he will definitely escape temporarily. Not to mention that he is injured now, I am afraid that this guy's fighting spirit is not something he can deal with, not to mention that there are still some human beings in the dark. Covet.

"I only want to leave now, it's too late!" After a while, Yu Gan seemed to forcibly suppress the backlash of the fighting spirit in his body, so the blood-colored pupils locked onto the black-robed man, and an extremely terrifying and violent aura suddenly burst out.

"Susu." Being stared at by Yu Gan's violent aura, even if he was as powerful as a black-robed man with a two-star fighting spirit, he couldn't help shivering.

"Senior, can you tell what kind of fighting spirit this is?" Xiao Yan asked.

He also possesses the immortal ghost bird. Although he hasn't swallowed it yet, Yugan is undoubtedly the first strong person that he has encountered to use the power of the fighting spirit.

"can not see clearly."

"This guy forcibly devoured the fighting spirit, so the power of the fighting spirit could not be fully exerted, and I estimate that every time he used the power of the fighting spirit, he would have to endure the suffering of the fighting spirit backlash."

"But this guy's fighting spirit is too small compared to the undead ghost." At the end of the sentence, the Soul Eater said.

"Boom boom boom!" At the moment when the two were talking, the figure of Yugan skyrocketed, leaving a trail of afterimages in the void, and instantly appeared in front of the black-robed man. On the huge palm, a blood-red Dou Qi suddenly grabbed it.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Not good!" When the black-robed man saw the blood-red claws attacking him, he was secretly surprised, because there was an invisible prestige on the blood-red claws. The fighting qi in the body seems to have solidified, and it cannot be mobilized!

"Pfft!" As soon as he hit the man in black robe, the figure of the man in black robe who was about to escape in mid-air suddenly hit the ground like a meteorite, and the terrifying impact actually pushed down the ground for dozens of times. Meter.

"Old guy, hand over the undead leaves...!"

"Otherwise...die!" The black-robed man lying in the pit on the ground like a dead dog sneered.

"asshole!"

"Crappie!"

"Little beast!"

"Hun Hao, you are still watching the play, and you haven't shown up yet!"

"Kill him for me!" The black-robed man who was seriously injured in Dudu said angrily into the sky.

And as soon as the black-robed man's voice fell, the sky that was originally clear sky suddenly darkened, as if something was about to appear.