Chapter 290: The Burning Heaven Territory, the Burning Incense Pavilion in the Huashan Burning Heaven Array!

Huashan, a mountain range with some beautiful history and heritage, before the emperor's qi waned, this Burning Incense Pavilion produced many famous giants.

"Hehe, it's almost there." At the foot of Mount Huashan, a space trembled slightly, and then Chang Yu slowly appeared along with the voice. Behind him, a group of newcomers also looked at the mountains in front of him in surprise.

"high!"

"Straight into the sky..."

"Boundless as far as the eye can see..." This is the first impression that many newcomers have of the number one mountain range.

"Uncle, where is our Burning Incense Pavilion..." A rookie disciple also spoke slowly.

"Hehe, don't worry, our Burning Incense Pavilion is on the top of Huashan Mountain."

"There is a Protector's Dharma Formation - Burning Heaven Formation in Mount Hua!"

"The inside of the Burning Heaven Array is extremely fierce. If no one leads the way, ordinary people will be seriously injured or fall down... and there is an independent space inside, which we call Burning Heaven Territory, and our Burning Incense Pavilion is in other places. "Chang Yu also said slowly.

"Burning Heaven Formation?" Mu Feng also exclaimed, obviously shocked by Chang Yu's voice.

"Huh?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan also turned his head to look at Mu Feng, obviously he was quite unfamiliar with this Burning Heaven Formation and Burning Heaven Territory.

"This Burning Heaven Array is quite powerful. Legend has it that it was a formation created by a certain fighting immortal powerhouse with all his life's efforts. The formation is very powerful and mainly focuses on the fire attribute. I remember that I once killed a fighting immortal powerhouse!" Mu Feng Also muttered.

"Have you killed a fighting fairy..." Xiao Yan raised his head with great interest and looked at the top of Huashan from the bottom of Huashan.

Along with his eyes, there are also extremely pure soul powers, trying to explore some secrets of Huashan.

Naturally, Chang Yu, who was beside him, noticed Xiao Yan's actions, and then he didn't say much, but smiled slowly.

"This..." Xiao Yan's soul power had just spread out over a distance of several hundred meters. Under Xiao Yan's control, he headed towards the top of Huashan Mountain, but was suddenly swallowed up by an inexplicable force!

This terrified Xiao Yan. The trace of his soul power just now was not weak, and the soul power at the peak of the emperor's ordinary level was actually swallowed up in an instant...

"That is the outermost formation of the Burning Heaven Array." Chang Yu also saw Xiao Yan's doubts, and said.

"This Burning Heaven Array has lived up to its reputation in the past!" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and then stared at the clouds halfway up the mountain...

Where, it should be the outer formation of the Burning Heaven Array, with such a terrifying guardian formation, plus some powerhouses and the Huashan Mountain, which is quite rich in emperor energy, this is the capital of Burning Incense Pavilion.

"Let's go, this Burning Heaven Array's restriction makes you unable to fly, so you can only walk away." Chang Yu also smiled slowly, and then looked at Xiao Yan and the others from time to time, very satisfied.

"This time, we have received so many newcomers in the Fenxiang Pavilion. It is really the blessing of the ancestors of Huashan..." Chang Yu also said slowly, and then no longer hesitated, took the lead and climbed towards Huashan.

The disciples that followed also shook their heads and followed. Obviously, since they had joined the Fenxiang Pavilion, they would naturally not be trapped by the difficulty in front of them.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hey, Xiao Yan, you really joined the Fenxiang Pavilion." Mu Feng, who was beside him, also hurried up, came to Xiao Yan's side, and said carelessly.

"It seems that we are in the same family again." Xiao Yan also smiled at Mu Feng.

On the side, Mu Yingying, with two pretty ponytails, walked up and down, with her beautiful eyes turning her head to look at Xiao Yan from time to time, not knowing what she was thinking.

It's just that when he saw Xiao Yishi beside Xiao Yan in his eyes, Mei Mu also hesitated.

Xiaoyi's keen perception also found Mu Yingying's small movements, and then she shook her head, but with Xiaoyi's current strength in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, she actually felt a dangerous aura from this Mu Yingying, which was very Strange……

"Hehe, Brother Xiao Yan is really amazing, not only for his strength, but his guts as well." Luo Guang also smiled at Xiao Yan, and the fat man smiled, and he was quite friendly.

The strength and courage that Luo Guang was talking about was naturally what Xiao Yan had previously dealt with the twin ghost emperors in the Yin Corpse Forest.

No matter who it was, no one dared to provoke the ghost emperors in this ghost world. Just when his life was in danger, Xiao Yan stood up, and in the end he successfully defeated the twin ghost emperors and plundered them for participating in points. The contestants have solved the worry of their lives, otherwise no one will stand up to deal with the twin ghost emperors, and their fate will also be...

"Brother Luo is polite, Brother Luo's defense is beyond my reach..." Xiao Yan also said politely.

When he was in the corpse forest, Xiao Yan just found out that Luo Guang's defenses were quite terrifying. Regardless of his strength in the late stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, if he really used defense methods, even a five-star Dou Emperor could withstand it for a long time. Strength.

This is also what Xiao Yan needs, because Xiao Yan found that the Dou Di powerhouse is different from the past. His speed, strength and even his temperament are much stronger. Even though he has a lot of strength and attack methods, he has almost no defense methods. .

This is also destined for Xiao Yan's future direction to focus on melee combat, and use the power of one-hit thunder to solve the battle.

However, Xiao Yan also wanted to learn some defensive measures. After all, more life-saving things were essential.

"It seems that I still have to learn some life-saving means. After all, the trace of Saint Flame is also..."

"The seventh level of breaking the sky is also about to start training the second level, the first level can no longer deal with the current enemy..."

"As for the clone technique in the body, it's also a good killer..."

"Emperor's mortal-level soul clone can also begin to practice..."

"And the most important thing is the body of Dou Di, which should be condensed." Xiao Yan thought to himself, and then kept having it.

The green flute on the side also walked up on purpose, and then the little snake around him kept pouting snake letters at Xiao Yan.

"It seems that you are very popular with them." Green Flute also said.

"You have a familiar smell..." Xiao Yan also said slowly I know, at first I thought it was you who killed our Medusa royal family, so there would be such fluctuations... …”

"But I found that I was wrong..."

"The familiar fluctuations in your body are a bit like the smell of heirs..." Green Flute also said slowly.

"Children?" Xiao Yan also looked at the green flute in confusion, as if the aura on the woman's body was quite similar to Cailin.

"in other words……"

"It's the husband and wife..." Green Flute arrived quietly with a voice that could only be heard by the two of them.

"Do you know her whereabouts?" At the same time, Xiao Yan, who was still calm just now, grabbed Green Flute's shoulders with one hand, and said absentmindedly.

"Cough cough cough..."

"You hurt me!" Lv Di Jiao said.

"where is she!"

"Come on!" Xiao Yan's eyes also exuded some different colors, and then he waited for Green Flute's answer.

"I don't know where she is, but the only thing I know is that she's all right now..." Green Flute also said.

"Don't tell me!" Xiao Yan said, the huge fire attribute grudge also spread out instantly.

"She's in retreat!"

"It won't come out in a short time!" The green flute was also afraid, and for some reason, the flame on Xiao Yan's body was rather strange, and it could actually make her bloodline feel faintly burning!

Ask for tickets!