Chapter Vol 4 2227: The spirit of the wild beast, the holy pattern!

"Gulu... what is that?"

Xiao Yi noticed that the power in Xiao Yan's body was fading at a rapid speed, and immediately followed Xiao Yan's line of sight, and noticed the huge wild beast at the top of the lair.

"Shhhh, it's still a little bit."

Xiao Yan pursed his lips and made a shush gesture. Now the three of them are fighting on the ground, and with the deliberate cover of Xiao Yan and the formation, the ghost has not yet discovered the appearance of this desolate beast.

"Second brother, let me help you!"

Xiao Yi immediately understood, the reincarnation mark between the eyebrows flashed out, and the purple flame instantly poured on the wild beast, making its figure stare even more, the terrifying coercion that spread invisibly, like the real overlord of ancient times. , once shot, I am afraid this space will be completely broken open.

This wild beast has an extremely irregular shape, like a tiger but not a tiger, like a cow but not a cow. It is bathed in a layer of dead gray energy. At the center, a heart composed of amber flames is beating slightly. Layers of purple flames bless the body, making its aura even more terrifying!

"Ma Lin, it's not the way to go on like this... Although this guy's strength is only a normal quadruple reincarnation level, but gathering the strength of the two of us can't really cause substantial damage to him, so go on like this..."

Yao Lao Gui's majestic power leaned out, resisting the terrifying attacks of the evil shadow demon again and again, and snorted immediately.

"The Eye of Gaze!"

Just when the two of them felt troubled, a loud shouting sound emerged from below, followed by two strange things like beads.

The two beads are filled with an extraordinarily terrifying power, the purification power of holy flame, and the majestic soul power.

As the death-grey energy fluctuations at the top of the lair swept out, this scene was finally discovered by the ghost. Although the ghost was surprised, the palm of the hand rolled violently, and a touch of pale golden magic energy turned into a thunder fox, which directly penetrated the void. Shoot at the spirit of the wild beast!

"Pfft!"

The demonic thunder fox had just been strung out, but it did not cause much fluctuation. Suddenly the spirit of the wild beast stomped and collapsed, and the energy of heaven and earth in the entire lair collapsed, and conspicuous cracks appeared one after another, the demonic thunder fox, Immediately submerged under such tyrannical pressure.

"Damn!!!"

"Miscalculated..."

Looking at the spirit of the wild beast, the fear in the ghost's mind also followed.

"Your opponent is us."

"You can't run away this time."

Seeing that Xiao Yan's attack temporarily gained a certain upper hand, Ma Lin and the two stepped out one step at a time, and the reincarnation aura burned around them, intercepting the ghost.

"Go away for this deity!"

Seeing that the spirit of the wild beast is becoming more and more solid, and the amber heart beats faster in the body, the ghost finally dare not hold any more hands!

"Magic Seal!"

The shadow roared, and on top of the dark body, there were actually things like crystal glass fragments flying out, easily condensed in his palm, a beautiful crystal magic seal, completely formed.

In the crystal magic seal, there are not only countless mourning and mourning sounds, but even a faint brown flame emerges, but the power of that brown flame is actually stronger than that of any elf powerhouse. Be tyrannical!

"This is... the power of the previous patriarch?"

"How can it be?"

Looking at the crystal magic seal, Ma Lin's mind was buzzing.

"Purple Spirit Shield!"

"Fire Spirit Shield!"

Although the two were surprised, terrifying energy fluctuations swept out between them, and two ancient flame light shields stood out.

"retreat!"

"Protect Xiao Yan!"

After displaying two extremely strong flame light shields, the four bodies stepped into the top of the lair at the same time, behind the spirit of the wild beast.

"Boom!"

The crystal magic seal was projected by the magic shadow, piercing the void, and even the air was twisted. The terrifying evil force whistled and raged in the elf lair together with the elf power.

"Kacha!" Although the two flame light shields were tyrannical, they didn't last long before they exploded completely.

"Xiao Yan, all hope depends on you."

When Second Elder Ma Lin and Yao Laogui saw this, a natural elf figure suddenly appeared in front of their chests. Those reincarnation powers were like spring water, all of them converged towards Xiao Yan's body.

"It's too much to take this seat too seriously!"

"Let's be completely destroyed!"

The magic shadow sneered and controlled the crystal magic shadow to fly towards the four of them. At this time, on the crystal magic seal, the whole body was pitch-black like fireworks that were about to bloom, and its power was endless!

"Wild!"

Xiao Yan continuously absorbed the power of reincarnation from the two, and immediately injected all of them into the spirit of the wild beast.

"Boom!"

The crystal magic seal exploded, and the earth-shattering evil wave impacted, causing the nest protected by the formation to sway, as if the formation would be completely broken at any time, the distorted void, the messy lair, only the golden coffin And Yaoji statue, the three of the elders sitting in meditation have no effect.

"Suffer to death!!!"

"Hahaha, this is the end of offending my evil spirit body."

He didn't deliberately feel the death of several people at the top of the lair. The ghost's perception feedback came, and everyone's breath was sluggish. It was obvious that they had fallen into a state of exhaustion under their own strongest blow.

"It's too early to say this now?"

"The spirit of the desolate beast is wild and desolate!"

The earth-shattering energy fluctuations dissipated, and a sneer was transmitted from the top of the lair At that time, the ancient barren formation in the whole lair actually made a strange sound like the rotation of gears. At the same time, a horizontal The majestic gray shadow that spanned nearly half of the lair was like a **** of death, and several strange flames flickered from top to bottom.

Above those flames, although the nature of the power is completely different, anyone can clearly find that they are all filled with a particularly terrifying coercion.

"How can it be……"

"You can actually control this formation?"

"And what exactly is the flame on your strange virtual beast?"

At this moment, the voice of the ghost was filled with a long-lost fear!

"Using the power of the six sources of holy flames, combined with the origin of the wild beasts left in the ancient formation of the deserted source, to form a desolate spirit, to kill you here, it will not waste the illustrious name of your evil spirit body."

Xiao Yan's voice was like an ancient Hong bell. Just as it fell, the power above his body actually flashed out.

The ancient flames carried their exclusive flame patterns, stripped them from Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi, and immediately injected them into the wild spirits.

"Temporary triple reincarnation level peak strength?"

"Six holy flames?"

Immediately, the demonic shadow evil spirit looked at the two sluggish elves beside Xiao Yan, and an extremely surging anger and fear crept into his heart.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: