Chapter Vol 2 758: Slow refining

"Boom!" In the black magic cauldron, the raging holy flames continued to burn. During the period, Shengyan also tried to escape from the cauldron, but was blocked by the black devils. After all, the black magic cauldron is no trivial matter. Flames flow out.

And at this time, the scorching temperature in the cauldron may directly melt human flesh and even soul power.

"The temperature is almost there." Xiao Yan sensed it and found that the temperature was just right, and immediately opened his mouth slightly.

The first step in refining medicine pills is to heat the fire. Only skilled fire can bring the medicine pot to a saturated temperature, which is suitable for medicine refining. Otherwise, the flame temperature is not enough, which is a waste of medicine materials. , both the medicinal materials and the refining pharmacist will suffer.

The next moment, Xiao Yan divided the three medicinal materials into two parts, and directly collected them into his own diet.

Qinxin also said that as long as Xiao Yan succeeded in refining once out of these three times, then the other herbs would be given to Xiao Yan. With Qinxin’s background, it was naturally very credible to say this, and Xiao Yan naturally wouldn’t Be polite to her, these medicinal herbs are expensive to make, and if you take them out for auction, they are sky-high, although Xiao Yan is not bad.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I hope you will get better luck, it will be successful once, and you will save the waste of extra medicinal materials." Xiao Yan muttered in a low voice, and immediately took the medicinal materials in his hand.

At this time, in Xiao Yan's palm, he only held the core herbs of this Xuanyin Pill.

The sea of ​​blood, Tianquan, Cangyan Xuanlei, Fallen Star Branch.

These three herbs are the most fundamental and most important thing in refining Xuanyin Pill. It can be said that without any of these three herbs, it would be difficult to succeed.

"The first is the sea of ​​blood and Tianquan."

"The refining of this sea of ​​blood and Tianquan is quite difficult."

"I remember that I encountered this thing on the Dou Qi Continent. At that time, I hadn't been promoted to Dou Emperor, so I didn't get it." Xiao Yan felt a little regretful when he remembered it.

"Blood Sea Tianquan, this is a treasure of heaven and earth, and its shape is impressively a prismatic blood crystal the size of a palm."

"The formation of the Sea of ​​Blood and Tianquan is extremely harsh. It not only needs fresh human blood as nourishment, but also needs to be deep in the seabed, so it is quite difficult to find."

"However, the most precious part is that the blood crystals are solidified. Only by melting the blood crystals will Tianquan be truly revealed." Xiao Yan murmured.

The next moment, Xiao Yan put down the other medicinal materials and only held the prismatic blood crystal in his hand.

"Go!" After a while, Xiao Yan shook with force, and the blood crystals on his palms were thrown directly into the Black Devil Cauldron. Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, he clearly wanted to melt the blood crystals as quickly as possible.

"Gulugulu!" The holy flame that was blazing in the black magic cauldron suddenly felt an extremely hard object enter the cauldron, and suddenly let out a sound of dissatisfaction, and then continued to hit the blood crystal with hot attacks.

"Boom boom boom!"

"Boom boom boom!"

"Boom boom boom!" After hitting again and again, Xiao Yan kept controlling his soul power, and immediately found that the hardness of this blood crystal was far beyond his imagination.

"Strange thing, if you can't refine the blood crystals to extract the Tianquan in the blood crystals, then the next steps will be difficult." Xiao Yan was slightly puzzled in his heart.

"I don't believe that this thing can really resist the power of holy flame." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the more dazzling holy flame burst out suddenly, and then under the control of Xiao Yan's subtle soul power, attacked the blood crystal in the black magic cauldron. .

And with Xiao Yan's beating, the originally sturdy appearance of the blood crystal also faintly showed signs of loosening.

Day after day, Xiao Yan refined blood crystals so non-stop, ten days passed in a blink of an eye.

"It's time." On this day, Xiao Yan's spirit was abnormally plump, and then he was holding the broken blood crystal in the Black Devil Cauldron, and a slight smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

Originally, according to Xiao Yan's guess, it would take 20 days to refine the blood crystals to extract the Tianquan, but the power of the holy flame was shortened by half.

"Refining for me!" Xiao Yan was increasing his soul power and suddenly suppressed the broken blood crystal.

The blood crystal had already adapted to Xiao Yan's pressure, but at this time, with Xiao Yan's sudden and powerful suppression, it instantly turned into pieces and traveled in the Black Devil Cauldron with a bang.

"Hehe, this first step is finally a success." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slightly.

After a while, Zaidu controlled his soul power and went to the shard of the blood crystal.

These fragments are the raw materials of Tianquan.

"Boom boom boom!" When Xiao Yan put these fragments together again and baked them with the power of holy flame, dozens of crystal silver and antimony water droplets slowly appeared in the cauldron.

"It's done!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help feeling overjoyed.

"The next step is Falling Star Branch." Xiao Yan saw that the first step was finished perfectly, and immediately said.

"Falling star branches are not as strong as blood crystals, so the refining time should be faster than blood crystals."

"It took ten days for the blood crystals, I'm afraid that five days is enough for the fallen Xingzhi." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

After finishing speaking, Xiao Yan held the Falling Star Branch in his hand, and suddenly a cold and thorough feeling spread throughout his body, and even Xiao Yan vaguely felt that the Falling Star Branch actually had an impact on the blood demon gold in his body. Qi has a trace of resistance!

This astonishing discovery made Xiao Yan suddenly shocked, but Xiao Yan also knew that the blood demon gold energy in his body could not be solved unless a two-star fighting immortal powerhouse made a move After all, it was as powerful as the color scale. Xingdouxian are helpless.

"Let's start." Xiao Yan put aside his thoughts and said a word, and then the gray fallen star branch about the size of an arm was thrown directly into the Black Devil Cauldron by Xiao Yan.

As soon as he entered the Black Devil Cauldron, the overwhelming power of holy flame rushed towards him frantically under Xiao Yan's control, trying to refine it, but this fallen star branch is also an extraordinary thing, and a trace of gray was born in the body. The power of Xiao Yan's flame power is constantly isolated from the invasion.

"It's really a strange treasure, but I want to see how long you can hold on!" Xiao Yan laughed when he saw such an interesting scene, and immediately took out a large amount of medicinal pills from his arms. , and swallow it.

Looking at the appearance, it is obvious that he is ready to fight a protracted battle.

Unconsciously, another five days passed.

On this day, the sturdy branches and leaves of the Fallen Star were slowly refined into a pile of gray liquid by Xiao Yan.

At this time, in the Black Devil Cauldron, dozens of drops of crystal silver and antimony liquid refined by the blood sea and Tianquan, plus the gray liquid refined by the fallen star branches, are also within easy reach of the Chengdan.

"The last is Cangyan Xuanlei." Xiao Yan immediately laughed when he saw that the two most difficult parts had been completed.

As for the final Cangyan Xuanlei, that was what was added when condensing the medicinal pill.

At this time, some other ingredients are needed, and this Xuanyin Pill can become a Pill!

Ask for tickets!

There's one more at eight o'clock in the evening