Chapter 273: Ghost Emperor Armor, Ghost Sword!

"Not good..." The moment Yin Xie also appeared in Xiao Yan's palm, the delicate lotus seed, he felt an aura full of destruction spontaneously arise!

You must know that he is a real twin ghost emperor now. If the ghost energy in his body did not return, then it would not be a problem to fight against a human eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouse. It would make such a terrifying powerhouse exude this kind of fear. If so, Xiao Yan's attack is also very terrifying!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Seeing the appearance of this terrifying lotus seed, Yin Xie did not know why there seemed to be fear in the bottom of his heart, and then the extremely evil arm around him was directly swallowed by Yin Xie, and then two forces slowly appeared in front of Yin Xie, like something. .

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the Lotus of Destruction appeared, it attracted everyone's attention.

The lotus of silence at this time is quite exquisite, because on the periphery of the lotus of silence, there are two full circles of energy, and one circle is a circle of flames mixed with twenty-three colors. Although it is small, it contains a lot of energy. Even a five-star Dou Di powerhouse dare not underestimate the energy. The other circle is an invisible force, a bit like the fusion of soul power and spiritual power. This power is the fusion of Xiao Yan's restraint of ghosts. , and the destructive power of the lotus of silence and the mysterious power of the soul-devouring talisman are in the innermost layer!

And only Xiao Yan knows that the innermost layer of this lotus of annihilation has absorbed the power of a lot of soul-devouring talismans. Soul-devouring talismans are the twelve evil soldiers of the ghost world, and they have a fatal nemesis for these twin ghost emperors!

"How can there be the aura of Brother Yanchi in this Xiao Yan..." The most intuitive feeling is Mu Yingying, but at this moment Mu Yingying fell into contemplation. There are only two results of having an aura. One is It was taken by force, and the other was given by others. Obviously, Mu Yingying did not think that Xiao Yan would have the second possibility.

"Xiao Yan, if you do anything too much to brother Yanchi, I will try my best to kill you." A Wei Wei oath also sounded in Mu Yingying's heart.

"Damn human..." Yin Xie also scolded, and then had to stop absorbing Xiao Yan's original power of purification and the power of ghost energy in the blood-colored vortex to replenish himself, and the two powers in his body were also budding. Waiting to be released soon.

Yin Xie's idea was to use Xiao Yan's huge purification power just now, and then return to his peak state. It is not difficult to say, as long as the power of the two can be transformed to a certain extent.

But what Yin Xie didn't realize was that this terrifying attack of purification power was not Xiao Yan's trump card!

When the lotus of annihilation slammed heavily on the **** vortex, Yin Xie felt a wave of destruction.

However, when Xiao Yan attacked the lotus of annihilation on top of the blood-colored vortex, his aura also weakened, and he regained his initial strength of the four-star Dou Emperor.

Although Xiao Yan was quite pleased with the sudden surge in the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor just now, Xiao Yan also knew that he still had to walk his own way, and Xiao Yan still understood the reason that he couldn't make a big fat man with one mouthful.

With the release of Xiao Yan's trump card, Xiao Yan also fled from the edge of the blood-colored vortex in an instant, because Xiao Yan knew that the improved lotus of annihilation and the soul-devouring charm of the evil soldiers of the ghost realm was injected, and its power was undoubtedly stronger than before. Is more than a little bit powerful!

"Boom boom boom!" Just as the terrifying flames of annihilation touched the edge of the blood-colored vortex, a destructive force erupted from the sky!

First, the outermost layer of the lotus of silence, twenty-three colors of flame power forcibly destroyed the edge of the blood-colored vortex, revealing a gap leading to the blood-colored vortex!

Afterwards, the lotus of annihilation also entered viciously through the gap, and then in the dark space within the blood-colored vortex, a white-clothed woman with evil spirits and two forces appeared!

"The blood vortex was actually broken..." Chang Yu was also excited. As long as the outermost defense was broken, then they also had hope.

"What kind of power is this..." Yin Xie also said in a deep voice, obviously he did not expect that Xiao Yan's attack could actually destroy the ghost skills he displayed, which made Yin Xie a little unbelievable.

"Forget it, although I don't know what method you used, it's all over." Yin Xie also looked at Xiao Yan and said slowly, then his aura suddenly soared, and the ghost energy in his body also recovered 90%!

Immediately, a terrifying ghost qi burst out, and the two forces also emerged instantly, and then transformed into a suit of black armor on the body of the twin ghost emperor Yinxie!

At the same time, the Yibing Judao slowly appeared in Yin Xie's hands.

"Ghost Emperor Armor, Ghost Sword..." The face of the Nine Souls Monument also became extremely ugly!

"Damn it, I thought that the Ghost Emperor's Armor and the Ghost Sword were also lost after sealing the evil spirits, but I didn't expect them to be hidden by the evil evil spirits..." The Nine Soul Stele also said solemnly.

No one knows the power of this Ghost Emperor Armor and Ghost Sword better than himself!

Back then, thousands of years ago, the twin ghost emperors relied on the strength of their powerful seventh-grade ghost emperors, and with the help of the ghost emperor armor and the ghost sword, they caused a **** storm in Xuan Santian!

And now, with the strength of the twin ghost emperors, after adding the ghost emperor armor and the ghost sword, I am afraid that even the nine-star fighting emperor has a burst of power, not to mention the strength of Xiao Yan, the seven-star fighting emperor.

"Boy, I have to admit that your mere four-star Dou Emperor's strength is capable of emitting a power that terrifies me, but in this world where strength is paramount, when you meet me, you are still a little tender..."

"Go to **** with remorse!"

"Susu!" The terrifying laughter also emanated from Yin Xie Ghost Slash! "Yin Xie's white-clothed body looks dark and solid against the backdrop of the Ghost Emperor's armor, and the big knife in the jade hand is tightly gripped, and then a terrifying aura emerges instantly!"

Just as the lotus of annihilation entered the blood-colored vortex, the evil voice sounded slightly, followed by an extremely terrifying black sword light of hundreds of meters, and a majestic voice also appeared in the sky. In the **** vortex!

Xiao Yan was far away, but at this time the Lotus of Silentness was still under Xiao Yan's control, and it also stood slightly in the gap on the edge of the blood-colored vortex.

"Shabu Shabu!" A jet-black sword light instantly emerged from the blood-colored vortex, and then headed towards a small gap in the blood-colored vortex!

Where is the small gap in the blood-colored vortex, there seems to be an extremely hot energy coming fast.

With that appearance, it looks like a rather delicate lotus seed is slowly waiting to be released.

"go!"

Seeing that the terrifying attack was approaching, Xiao Yan also understood that this was his last blow, and immediately gave all the remaining fighting energy in his body to the lotus of annihilation. .

A pitch-black sword light of a hundred feet came from the depths of the blood-colored vortex, and a delicate lotus seed was rapidly approaching at the gap on the edge of the blood-colored vortex. Once the two approached, there would be a monstrous explosion!

Success or failure is here!

Ask for tickets!