Chapter Vol 2 766: The strong gather

The Poison Sect is located in a desolate land, which is quite desolate.

At this time, in a wide space hundreds of miles away from the Poison Sect, something seemed to come down!

Looking around, this is a rather barren land, with no grass and few people.

"Hehe, I haven't seen you for many years, but you are getting older and stronger." After a while, the space shook slightly, and then an old man appeared faintly in an inconspicuous void in the sky.

The old man was a silver roe deer, even if he was quite old, he couldn't hide the powerful aura between his brows.

"Hey, isn't this Pill King Chenxin, one of the three famous Pill Valley giants?" The old man glanced at the back slightly when he heard the words. At this moment, a middle-aged man was looking at him behind him.

"Hehe, senior really likes to joke around." The middle-aged man said calmly, not at all because of the words he looked at.

This old man is the current Hall Master of the Ancient Desolate Hall, Huang Li.

Don't underestimate the power of the desolate. Although the ancient desolate hall is not ranked in the top three among the sects of Xuantian Santiantian, but in terms of the degree of physical tyranny, I am afraid that it is well-deserved.

Moreover, although Huang Li is old, his body is extremely strong. More importantly, this Huang Li's current strength is a real half-immortal level!

In addition to the unique skills of their ancient desolate temple, I am afraid that only by virtue of the power of the body, they can stand invincible against the real fighting immortals.

The gap between the fighting immortals is not a little bit. The fact that Huangli can deal with the real fighting immortals with the strength of half-immortals is enough to show its horror.

The middle-aged man is from Dan Valley.

Pill Valley has almost monopolized the entire alchemist of Xuan Santian. It can be said without hesitation that more than 90% of the alchemists in Xuantian were recruited by Pill Valley at a very attractive price. After all, a huge If the sect wants to inherit, it has to continuously absorb fresh blood, and the sky-high price offered by Pill Valley is quite tempting, and few people will refuse.

The remaining 10% are pitifully small. These people have not joined the Pill Valley for more or less reasons. This is why the major super sects treat the pharmacists as guests. The door is strong, and medicinal herbs are indispensable, and when it comes to medicinal herbs, it is natural to avoid the alchemist.

The man is handsome, dressed in expensive alchemist clothes, and the pride between his eyebrows is not afraid of even the strength of the half-immortal desolate force!

The man's name is Chen Xin. He is one of the three giants in Pill Valley today, ranking third. His strength is the Nine Star Dou Di.

The reason why Chen Xin is not afraid of Huang Li is naturally because of his identity as an alchemist. After all, he is the Chen Xin who is known as the Pill King of Pill Valley. Although his strength is not as good as Huang Li, he is worse than a helper. If the two really fight , I am afraid it is not certain who will kill the deer.

"This should be the entrance to the ruins." Huang Li didn't care about Chen Xin, he glanced around slightly and found that there was indeed a very special energy below that isolated this place, so that they could not find the specific entrance to the ruins. He opened his mouth immediately.

"really."

"Just because of the energy that hides the entrance, I am afraid that it must be the powerhouse of Fighting Immortals."

"And not to mention the power to seal the entrance." Chen Xin heard the words and nodded slightly, obviously this is the entrance to the ruins, but the huge power hides it, so it was not until this time that they let them at this time. Just found the basic position.

"People from other sects have also arrived." Huang Li just wanted to say something, but when he heard Chen Xin say something, he suddenly became quiet.

"Haha, in the Ancient Desolate Palace, the people from Pill Valley are quite fast."

"I just don't know if it is possible to enter the ruins so quickly after a long time." A sneer slowly rose from the sky!

It was the Xuanling King!

With the weakening of the seal at the entrance of each other's ruins, the great powers of all parties also slowly discovered their location. This time, they came to investigate the information and to understand the ruins.

"Humph!"

"Older Xuanling, don't be arrogant!" Huang Li and King Xuanling were mortal enemies, and snorted immediately.

"Hehe, don't worry, you two, there are some people who are here too." Chen Xin saw that the strong man representing the power of the two forces was so sharp just after meeting, and he immediately stopped the export.

As Chen Xin's voice just fell, some people came slowly.

"Ha ha."

"King Xuanling?"

"The last time I went to the Medusa family, didn't they die?" A very arrogant voice descended from the sky.

When King Xuanling heard the words, he knew who it was without even thinking about it.

Now, there is no one who dares to speak to himself like this, except the mortal enemy Fenxiang Pavilion.

And in the Burning Incense Pavilion, the bamboo embers are the most old fire at this time!

"Bamboo Embers!" King Xuanling said viciously, and then he wanted to eat Bamboo Embers with a ghastly face.

"Oh yo?" Zhu Jin floated slightly in the sky, and then laughed.

"Hehe, you guys." With the arrival of these people, a man with a heavy sword on his back slowly stepped into the air.

With the arrival of the sword-carrying man, the place instantly became quiet.

"Even people from Wanjianmen are here." Zhu Jin muttered slowly.

Wanjianmen, as the head of the Xuantian three super sects, rarely intervenes in these matters, even if it is a major event such as the ruins, it seldom participates.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe, Old Man Zhu, King Xuanling, Chen Xin, Huang Li, I haven't seen each other for hundreds of years, don't come here and be safe The man with the sword on his back laughed slowly, but there was a lot of sky hidden in his voice. The sword qi is extremely conspicuous.

"I'm afraid this guy's sword intent has reached another level. If so, I'm afraid I won't be able to deal with him." Zhu Jin was shocked when he heard this.

This person is the deputy head of the current Wanjianmen, Jiujianxian!

Just by hearing the name, you can tell that he is a fighting fairy, and this guy's comprehension of swords is even more extraordinary, so even if Zhu Jin has the title of the first fighting formation master in Xuantian, he can't help but feel his scalp hairy. numb.

"Just how many of us?" Seeing that the surrounding space was quiet, Chen Xin said something.

The powerhouses among the nine super sects are not the only ones who feel the location of the ruins.

"Hehe, it's okay, since they want to sit and eat, let them wait." Huang Li said with an indifferent expression.

"Then, let's do it."

"Jointly tear apart the energy of the hidden entrance, find the entrance, and explore what is in the ruins."

"It's better to go back to their respective sects with the news." Jiu Jianxian opened his mouth slightly, and then his eyes fixed on the void in front of him!

At this time, there was a void in front of the five people, and invisible power was radiating from it, and this strange power made everyone feel an ancient breath!

With this appearance, apart from the rumored entrance to the ruins, it cannot be anything else!

Ask for tickets!

The seventh update is over, can you ask for support?