Chapter 162: The importance of soul power! ( )

"What the **** is going on!" Wu Jiang also looked at the nine-colored light with glowing eyes, then waved his palm, and the huge fighting spirit on his body surrounded the room where the few of them were.

"Uncle Wu, to tell you the truth, I just led the nine people brought by Uncle Hu Du to the test, and then the light on this suction bead came from Xiao Yan's hand!" Mo Chen also said in a proper manner, his words The meaning below is also very clear, because he also knows the importance of this matter.

"Is this true?" Hu Du also squinted and wondered.

"Mo Chen saw it with his own eyes!" Mo Chen also said.

"This is really God bless me for three days!" Wu Jiang said something after finishing speaking.

"Senior, what's going on?" Xiao Yan was also confused by them.

"Hehe, since your soul talent has reached the tenth level, then we won't hide it from you." Hu Du also smiled, with an indescribable excitement in his smile.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also responded.

"You don't know, although this so-called test seems to be divided into three parts, the strength test, the soul test and the physical strength test, but the most important is the test of the soul's innate strength, and the other two parts are just confusing."

"Although people with tyrannical strength and strong physical strength can certainly have good talent potential, they are undoubtedly insignificant compared to people with extraordinary spiritual talent."

"Do you know why?" After Wu Jiang finished speaking, he looked at Xiao Yan excitedly, and obviously he had a problem.

"Junior doesn't know." Xiao Yan also said modestly, after all, he didn't know either.

"It means unlimited potential!" Wu Jiang also said enviously.

"Unlimited potential?" Xiao Yan also wondered.

"Hey, you don't know anything about this. Whether the talent of soul power is outstanding or not will determine future achievements."

"Although the tester's own strength and physical strength are too strong, some super sects will take a fancy to them and be included in the sect, but compared with you, one is accidental and the other is inevitable."

"Simply put, if you don't participate in the trials now, all the super sects will be jealous of you, and will strongly invite you to join their sect!"

"Because everyone knows what kind of talent this "tenth" level soul talent is."

"After all, we have appeared five times in Xuantian Santian since it was recorded, and you are the sixth one so far!" Wu Jiang also said a lot in one breath.

"May I ask the seniors, they are the last..." At this point, Xiao Yan understood why he was so shocked. Since the record of Xuan Santian, it may have been tens of thousands of years...

"In the end, they all stood at the peak level of Xuan Santian." Wu Jiang also said respectfully.

"This..." Xiao Yan's pupils shrank when he heard the words, and then he also understood the importance of this.

"Aren't you surprised? But don't be surprised."

"I think you don't know why the innate power of the soul makes us attach so much importance to it, right?"

"On our Dou Di Continent, the strength of the soul's innate power will be felt by its future achievements."

"Some people do nothing but mediocre all their lives, just because the soul's innate strength is not enough."

"Maybe you don't have enough strength now, so you didn't find it, but the more you practice, you will find that after the six-star Dou Di, each level of promotion is related to the soul power. If the soul power cannot reach the corresponding level, then The promotion, no matter how well prepared you are, will end in failure."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"And do you know why our Xuantian Warriors are only able to count with one hand?"

"It's also because of soul power."

"As far as I know, the most fundamental thing to be promoted to Dou Xian is to have the soul power of fairyland."

"If the power of the soul is not in the fairyland, countless heaven's favored people will be trapped at the peak of Dou Di together."

"But soul power is too illusory, and cultivation is not as good as fighting Qi cultivation. If you don't have enough talent, then..."

"And your soul innate power can reach "ten", which means that your achievements in the future are limitless. After all, at your age, you can reach the soul power of the emperor realm, and it is only a matter of time before you reach the fairyland."

"So a good embryo who has reached the level of fighting immortals will naturally receive a lot of attention." Wu Jiang also said.

"So that's the case." Hearing that, Xiao Yan just nodded, knowing that the improvement of Dou Qi level in the future is closely related to soul power, but he didn't pay too much attention to Wu Jiang's talent because Xiao Yan is also Knowing that this so-called talent is of no use, only down-to-earth cultivation step by step is the right path.

Although Wu Jiang was excited, he did not lose his sense. Seeing Xiao Yan’s behavior, he nodded with satisfaction. Many people would be rebellious when they heard that they had such a terrifying potential. Obviously, Xiao Yan did not do this. Human nature and concentration are both good.

"Hey, since that's the case, then I'll make the decision. Xiao Yan, you don't have to participate in the selection this time. When the time comes, you can join the nine super sects at will. If you want to come, they can't ask for anything." Hu Du also grinned.

"what?"

"Senior is no good, I also really want to try this so-called selection, just to sharpen myself." Xiao Yan was also a little surprised by this sudden scene.

"Oh?"

"you sure?"

"This time, there are many powerful people in the selection competition. With your strength as a three-star Dou Di..."

"Right now, don't be too arrogant Your potential is so terrifying, so you need to protect it." Hu Du also laughed.

"Senior, don't worry, as the saying goes, it's easy to break, but Xiao Yan is not so delicate yet, and just wants to try this talent-collected selection competition." Xiao Yan also smiled, after all, he also knew that he wanted to improve his strength and actual combat experience. , fighting is the best and most time-saving way.

"Hahaha, what you said is very reasonable, I'm too impatient." Hu Du also suddenly said.

"In that case, Mo Chen, take him down to rest, and the selection will start in a few days."

"Also, the rest don't need to be tested. Give Xiao Yan the status of a fifth-class talent."

"Remember, this matter must not be rumored!" Wu Jiang's seemingly simple and casual words made Mo Chen envious.

"As a fifth-class talent, there are as many as ten in one stronghold..."

"Let's go, follow me down to your residence to rest." Mo Chen also said.

Xiao Yan followed Mo Chen away, leaving behind Wu Jiang and Hu Du in the room.

"It's better to report this matter to the sect master as soon as possible. If Xiao Yan can be included in our sect as soon as possible, then we will not end up in the last place in the competition of the nine sects this time." After Wu Jiang finished speaking, a scroll of red The scroll with a conspicuous "burn" character appeared out of thin air, and then Wu Jiang wrote some handwriting on it, waved it, and the space squirmed and swallowed it away.

Ask for a monthly pass for a recommendation!