Chapter Vol 4 1200: Punishing the guards!

The location of Ice Fire Island is quite mysterious, and every time it appears at the entrance, it will be wrapped by the two attributes of ice and fire. This type of ice and fire attribute is extremely special, and ordinary powerhouses cannot withstand the extreme terrifying fluctuations, and they will be exploded in an instant. He died, so he needed something else to defend against this power of ice and fire.

Ice and fire grass.

This is a rather special plant that grows in some gloomy and humid places. If you find the entrance to the Icefire Island, you only need to refine the Icefire Grass, and it will instantly form a mysterious shackle on its body. The power was weakened a lot, thus greatly weakening the pressure of ice and fire when entering.

"Strange, how did the aura of the sin guard become weaker?" Not far from Shawu Village, in a hidden forest, a figure wearing a black robe with "sin" painted on it raised his head and said Look in the direction of Shawu Village.

He is here at this time, and he has set up a teleportation formation. After all, they are notorious for their "sin". Whether they get the undead leaves or not, they must leave here immediately, otherwise they will be discovered by the great powers in Dongzhou. , I am afraid that will use this to press their higher-level traces.

"Forget it, the teleportation formation is almost ready." The next moment, the crime guard slowly shook his head and buried himself in the forest to continue his arrangement.

"Susu!" After a while, an inexplicable and powerful aura spread out from the direction of Shawu Village.

This breath is quite small, and it seems to spread in a certain pattern, which is difficult for ordinary people to detect.

"Yep?"

"Is this information from the Flower Sin Guard?"

"This information is..."

"Have you found the undead leaves?" The criminal guard couldn't help laughing when he heard this.

Among them, the guards are also clearly divided into strength levels. Most of the guards are one-star Dou Xian or even lower, and their current strength of two-star Dou Xian can be attributed to him if he can find the undead leaves. , then it is very likely that oneself will be bestowed with evil power, and then not only will the status and status rise, but even the strength will increase straight like flying on a plane.

"Hua Sin Guard, if you want to blame it, you are too weak, but it is your honor to be my stepping stone." The sin guard smiled slowly, and then instantly wiped out the mysterious transmission of breath, and his figure moved. , towards Shawu Village.

"Will that guy fall for the trick?"

"If that three-star fighting immortal guy is attracted, I'm afraid we..." Yu Xiaoye on the side opened his mouth slightly, obviously not targeting Xiao Yan, but became extremely nervous because it was the first time to play this kind of hide-and-seek game. .

Yu Xiaoye is quite favored in the Yu family, so she has a temperament of the eldest lady, and even every training, the family members breathe and hide their strength, which makes Yu Xiaoye overestimate herself, but this is the first time she is facing this situation. When the crisis of life and death, Yu Xiaoye seemed a little scared.

"Don't worry, I'll be fine..."

"If it is that guy, I have the confidence to take everyone away." Xiao Yan's soul power slowly spread out, and then everyone quieted down, quietly looking at the unconscious guards in the altar. As for Xiao Yan himself, there was a trace of it. The deeply hidden inscriptions of the core of natal life appeared, quietly pervading around the altar.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this time, they were located outside the outermost wooden house of the altar. They were wrapped by Xiao Yan's huge soul power, and they subtly merged with the surrounding colors.

And the unconscious guard was sleeping in the center of the altar, but in front of him, a rather delicate leaf was beating slowly, but his person contained this frightening fluctuation.

This thing is naturally an illusion condensed by Xiao Yan's expensive soul power, in order to deceive people.

"Gulu..." For a minute, there was no trace of anyone, only the sound of the wind blowing.

"..." Five minutes later, there was still no one there.

"...It's not the signal I sent, is it?"

"But according to this guy's memory, the fluctuations in the transmission of information are clearly correct..." Xiao Yan also said helplessly.

However, Xiao Yan was not feeling well at this time. It took a lot of soul power just to maintain the illusion of the immortal leaves, not to mention that he had to cast the soul power on the four people to hide their figures.

"Five more minutes. If he doesn't show up again, I'm afraid I can only withdraw first." Xiao Yan said helplessly.

"Shhhh, someone's here." Just as Xiao Yan's thoughts fell, the void outside the altar suddenly wriggled slightly, and an extremely dark evil aura slowly emerged, which instantly turned into a human figure.

This figure is exactly the same as the criminal guard in a coma, with a rough figure, wrapped in black robes, with a red coat "sin" on the back, but the breath, compared to the unconscious criminal guard, is undoubtedly much more powerful.

"Susu, Hua Sin Guard, I never thought you would have today." The Sin Guard of the late two-star Dou Xian had just appeared, and there was a hint of sneer on his face under the black robe.

"It seems that this undead leaf has no relationship with you, so it's really cheap for me." Seeing this, the guilty guard of the late two-star Dou Xian slowly burst into a rather crazy wave, looking at the appearance, he wanted to swallow it. !

"Do it!" At this moment, Xiao Yan said directly, and then everyone suddenly shot.

Absolutely can't let the late two-star Dou Xian guards swallow the late one-star Dou Xian guards, otherwise, once the strength skyrockets, they will definitely not be able to handle it.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and the altar, which was originally a clear sky, was suddenly completely enveloped by an unknown mysterious force. Even the criminal guard who was as strong as the late two-star Dou Xian felt an invisible sense. pressure.

"Eat me!"

"Waterfall!" Shuiyue didn't hesitate, her figure swept away suddenly, and a huge energy water column with a size of dozens of meters permeated instantly from the palm of her hand!

"Sure enough, there is an ~ But this power is irrelevant to me." The sin guard in the late two-star Dou Xian seemed to have expected this situation long ago, without any surprise, facing Shuiyue The tyrannical energy water column also clapped his hands gently, and suddenly the energy hand beads of Shuiyue disintegrated out of thin air.

"Space system?" And Xiao Yan took the lead in displaying the formation. At this time, everyone was in his own formation. Naturally, he discovered the scene of the sin guard in the later stage of the Two Star Fighting Immortal.

"one two three four……"

"Three one-star Fighting Immortals, one two-star Fighting Immortal in the early stage, does Yu Yifeng look down on me like that..." The sinner cast a casual glance, then shook his head in disappointment.

"Susu!" As soon as the voice of the guilty guard in the later stage of the Two-Star Dou Xian fell, a dazzling evil force burst out from his body, and immediately shot away at the crowd!

"Ah, ah!" Where did Yu Xiaoye suffer from such a terrifying scene, just when she felt the evil power that was extremely evil and could instantly obliterate her own evil power, her legs softened and she fell directly on the ground of the formation.

"Damn!"

"It's too late." Shuiyue and Liu Qing looked at each other and said helplessly, the distance between the two could not keep up with saving Yu Xiaoye, but the speed soared and they rescued her.

"Be careful!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't have time to send the core inscription to maintain the strength of the formation, and the figure flew away suddenly, and the power of fighting immortals, which was covered in fire attribute, suddenly burned on the body, trying to use the evil power. When attacking Yu Xiaoye, stop it!

. m.