Chapter Vol 4 1737: ended?

"Chichi!" The Lord of Soul Li stood on the black throne, and for a while the black throne was filled with a special evil pattern, like the most ancient and tyrannical power between the world.

Ignoring the changes of the Lord of Souls, the Demon of Light tried his best to cut down his final blow. Immediately, relying on the increase of the Light Saint Clothes and the double-sided wings, he floated weakly in the air, and the corner of his mouth raised with a smile.

Even if the Lord of Li Soul breaks through the cycle of reincarnation, she still believes that under her light-based forbidden technique, the Bright Judgment Sword, the Lord of Li Soul can only be completely turned into nothingness!

This is the confidence of the Demon of Light, because the forbidden technique of the light system has a natural restraint on the Lord of Li Soul. In addition to the fluctuation of the half-reincarnation level at this time, the Demon of Light has enough confidence!

"This time, I still won." He glanced weakly, and then the Demon of Light laughed.

"That's not necessarily... Reincarnation, isn't it possible that half reincarnation and a forbidden technique can threaten it?" Listening to the words of the demon of light, the face of the master of the soul became crazy, and a breath that surpassed heaven and earth suddenly filled out!

Reincarnation!

True reincarnation!

It's a pity that even if he has gathered many strong men from the entire West Temple and Li Hunwei, he still hasn't completely entered the first reincarnation!

However, the melancholy reincarnation is enough!

A wisp of black energy suddenly appeared on the body of Lord Li Soul, and then it was slowly entangled around the new body of Lord Li Soul. After the breath, it turned into a pair of extremely evil black wings. With an overwhelming power, even the soul will be shaken away by it.

And the pair of black wings, like objects carefully carved by a demon, slowly stretched out, and after the demon's wings were unfolded, the entire sky became overcast, a shock and anxiety filled everyone under the desert. heart.

"I am afraid that the forbidden technique will not be able to defeat the Lord of Souls under Samsara, and the demon of light should be less fortunate." At this time, Xiao Sensheng, who lived in Xiao Yan's body, spoke softly and said solemnly.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, his eyes froze immediately, even with the increase in Xiao Sensheng's power, if it really came to the last moment, Xiao Yan would naturally not abandon so many companions.

"The forbidden technique of the light system is indeed tyrannical, but the master of the soul under the reincarnation is even more terrifying..." Hao Ni'er also said, obviously the matter decided in his heart has not changed now.

"Boom!" The Bright Demon Judgment Sword was swung down by the Demon of Light, but the speed of its descent was extremely slow, which gave the Lord of Soul Li a chance to breathe.

The Lord of Li Soul looked at the thousand-meter-long bright Judgment Demon Sword in the sky, and slowly surged towards him. The qi was purified so much that the light pattern on the Demon Judgment Sword was covered with countless sacred breaths, and the face of the Lord of Li Soul also became pale.

He has just broken through the reincarnation, and he has not fully grasped the power of reincarnation, and the attack of the demon of light is extremely tyrannical. If he is not careful, I am afraid that all plans will be ruined.

"Great Immortal Art!"

"Gui Nirvana False God Finger!" Looking at the pure white devil-judgment sword that was like the wrath of a god, the black wings of the Lord of Li Soul suddenly surged, and immediately a strong aura that surpassed the heavens and the earth spread out.

Countless dark auras and a rather faint pink flame filled his body, and after a while, they madly gathered towards the void in front of him. After a short while, the void collapsed suddenly, and a swipe of the world was engulfed in it. The discolored black giant finger suddenly emerged from the void!

The black giant finger is filled with a black aura, which is the fluctuation of reincarnation, and there are countless black lacquer lines on it, which is completely decorated like a real magic pillar!

"Great Immortal Art?" Seeing such a terrifying blow from Lord Li Soul, the extremely violent aura suppressed everyone in the desert, and a sense of depression appeared in their hearts. Obviously, this level of attack was performed with the power of true reincarnation. Beyond the realm of heaven and earth, reaching a real Xeon strike is enough to destroy the sky and destroy the earth.

"Boom!" The black giant finger was completely wrapped in countless mysterious lines, and immediately roared away with the world-destroying power that crushed the void.

"Destroy it!" Seeing Lord Li Soul's counterattack so violently, the Demon of Light nodded slightly and smiled sweetly.

The attack of the Lord of Li Soul is tyrannical, which is comparable to the forbidden art, but how can he resist this bright aura?

"Boom!" A deafening voice came from the sky, and two powerful attacks immediately approached, and as the two approached, the void became trembling for a while, as if it would be at any time. Crushed jade is as fragile!

"The Demon of Light...it's time to end."

"I had a lot of trouble today, and I have to thank you for the previous things. My path of reincarnation was also helped by you." After a while, the voice said with a smile, the more bright and terrifying.

"What's the matter..." Hearing the words of the Lord of Souls, the demon of light's delicate body was suddenly shocked, as if he had sensed something, his beautiful eyes suddenly moved, and he looked at the Thousand-Zhang Demon Judgment Sword!

"Lovesickness and Brokenheartitis!" Just as the black giant finger and the Bright Judgment Demon Sword were about to touch each other, energy ripples that destroyed all things erupted, and a pink flame uncontrollably fell off from the body of Li Soul, and immediately faced it directly. The Bright Judgment Demon Sword is attached!

"Kacha Kacha!" After the breath, there were cracks on the blade of the Bright Demon Judgment Sword, which suddenly appeared, and with the emergence of these cracks that full of forbidden magic level The sword, the breath disappeared rapidly, and it suddenly dropped in just a moment, and the power was greatly reduced!

The Light Element Forbidden Technique is indeed very powerful. If he really fights against the Lord of the Soul, the Lord of the Soul will also be seriously injured. Unfortunately, the divine aura of the Demon Judgment Sword is useless to the Holy Flame, so after being attached by the Holy Flame, The aura of the Demon Judgment Sword was sluggish, and there were faint traces of shattering.

"You actually successfully swallowed Acacia Broken Enteritis?"

"Not good!" Looking at this scene, the pretty face of the Demon of Light finally turned ugly and pale.

It is ridiculous that the forbidden light technique that he exerted with great effort was finally cracked so easily by the Master of Soul Li!

"Kacha Kacha!" Without any hesitation, the pink flame instantly disappeared into the body of Li Soul, and then the body of the Demon Judgment Sword shook violently, and the cracks continued to enlarge and finally shattered like a crystal. The flames came out like this without any destructive power.

"Die!" After the sight of the forbidden technique was resolved, the Lord of Li Soul waved his hand, and the destructive energy contained in the black giant finger suddenly went up.

At this moment, the demon of light just felt what real fear is!

Attacked by the reincarnation level attack, his body became stiff, unable to move at all, the blood flow became extremely slow, an indescribable depression filled his heart, and the breath of death filled his body!