Chapter Vol 4 1624: Mysterious help?

"Guru." With a sound, Xiao Yan had just used the isolation of his soul to get rid of the molten flame and came to the bottom of the molten world. It was as if he had entered another space. He swallowed hard and lost his voice.

"This is... what is it?" Just when I came to this space, the burning feeling disappeared without a trace, and what was replaced was a touch of silence, which made my heart feel cold.

This is a rather special dark space, endless as far as the eye can see, but the molten world is standing above this space, just as if the two spaces are blocked by some force, so they are separated from each other.

"Boy!" Just when Xiao Yan was surprised by the mysterious dark space and the molten world here, a roar came out, but at this moment, the sound was unusually loud and piercing, as if it was right in front of him.

"This is……"

"Ancient Phoenix?" With the appearance of the voice, Xiao Yan's eyes and soul force easily captured the source of the voice with the help of the source of the voice.

This is a giant-like creature, with cyan flames burning all over its body, and it is vaguely integrated with the color of this space. The cyan flame is like a scorching sun, beating slowly and never stopping, and above its body, The lifelike, rather extravagant feathers seemed to be mixed with some mysterious power, indicating that this guy was extraordinary.

Phoenix!

The aborigines among the Phoenix clan are also ancient giant creatures with the blood of the phoenix!

"It's actually an ancient alien beast Phoenix... This guy should be a strong person in the Phoenix family, but I don't know why it exists in the Earth Spirit Pagoda. Could it be imprisoned by the Chaos Element of the Earth Spirit Pagoda?"

"But that's not right, the Phoenix Clan is like the Dragon Clan, and they are also like giants in the world. How can it be?" Looking at the huge Phoenix beast in front of him, Xiao Yan muttered to himself.

However, Xiao Yan found that this ancient alien beast surrounded by cyan flames seemed to be completely bound by countless extremely large green plants and could not move the slightest. , also dare not contaminate the slightest.

"Kid, die!" Seeing Xiao Yan's arrival, the ancient beast did not hesitate. Above the head and crown, an extremely hot blue flame emerged, but the power of this flame was as big as Xiao Yan's. A tyrannical power like a flame of heaven.

The head and crown surging, the feathers all over his body trembled, and after a while, blue flames filled the air, and then the overwhelming attack roared away at Xiao Yan.

"Damn..." Xiao Yan fell into a brief thought because of the appearance of this ancient giant beast. He thought that this guy could not help but directly attack people, and suddenly a trace of blood flowed out from Xiao Yan's skin, but it was only in the blood. , but it contains a strange taste, not only with the blood of the dragon clan, but also with the power of the Xiao clan.

"This blood..." With a successful strike, the ancient beast's pupils shrank tightly, as if he could smell some other fluctuations in Xiao Yan's blood, and his face immediately turned hideous.

"Not good!" Xiao Yan turned around and suddenly wiped out the blood, but it was still a step too late.

"Little bastard... How can there be such fluctuations in the blood on your body?" In an instant, the voice of the ancient giant beast filled the entire space like a thundering thunder, full of anger.

"Dragon Clan or Xiao Clan?" Xiao Yan's expression became ugly, he was always vigilant about this guy, but he was still puzzled in his heart.

The strength of this ancient giant beast is probably the real Seven Star Fighting Immortal. Even if Xiao Yan is now bound in this space, if Xiao Yan wants to obliterate or escape, it will be as difficult as reaching the sky. After all, the powerhouse of the Phoenix family is still stronger than Seven Star Fighting Immortal is probably not something Xiao Yan can handle now.

"Die!" In an instant, as the ancient alien beast suddenly became hideous, an indescribable wave of destruction suddenly swept the entire dark space with ease!

"Xianshu?" Seeing the violent fluctuations of hungry energy around, at this moment, even all the power here was completely mobilized by the ancient giant beast, and Xiao Yan's absorption and grasp of the energy of the world was temporarily cut off. General.

"Boom!" After a while, around the ancient behemoth, an exquisite little energy fire phoenix-like energy body slowly appeared. On the fire phoenix, quite exquisite lines were engraved, and a touch of strong fluctuations, gently diffuse out.

Like the power of heaven, like the thunder that destroys the world, Xiao Yan's heart was shocked.

"I'm afraid... I can only fight." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's eyes became deep for the first time. The Dragon God's three transformations were displayed in an instant. In the blue half-dragon arm, the dazzling pattern of dominance moved violently, and even It was the two holy flames plus the power of the Great Heavenly Seed flame, which were quietly hidden under the blue dragon scales. Once the fire phoenix hit, Xiao Yan would shoot without hesitation!

"People of the Xiao family must die!"

"Phoenix Feather!" After a while, the bound ancient giant beast trembled, its uncontrollable power suddenly turned into a wave of incomparable strength, and blasted towards Xiao Yan.

The fire phoenix is ​​quite small, but it is extremely beautiful. It was called by the ancient giant beast, and its body trembled. It walked directly through the dark space and descended towards Xiao Yan.

"Damn...the surrounding space is imprisoned!" Xiao Yan's body became difficult to move when he sensed the approach of this devastating blow.

"Die!"

"For what the elders of the Xiao clan did to our Phoenix clan, let's get some interest back from you... In the future, our Phoenix clan will definitely kill your Xiao clan!" Seeing Xiao Yan waiting like this With a deadly appearance, the ancient behemoth suddenly laughed, his voice filled with a smile.

"Humph!"

"Huofeng, my dignified descendant of the Xiao clan can also be wiped out by a mere bird of yours?"

"Death to this seat!" Just when Xiao Yan's eyes turned red and he was ready to fight, the void around Xiao Yan's body shattered in an instant, and a tyrannical force descended directly, like heaven and earth The overlord-like Xeon aura permeated this dim space.

"Xiao Zifan?"

"You weren't imprisoned and obliterated in the depths of the Earth Spirit Pagoda... how could it be?" Perceiving the sudden appearance of the phantom, the bounded Huofeng's huge body couldn't help shaking!

The strength of the two of them is also the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, but they are one in the sky and one in the ground, and the strong one is the so-called Xiao Zifan!

"Go away... The little Phoenix family, there is a misunderstanding, someone will come to rescue the siege in the future. If you are obsessed with it, then you can't blame me!" Seeing the Phoenix of Destruction roaring away at Xiao Yan, the sound of nothingness contained in it. A hint of vicissitudes permeated gently, and all the energy in this space suddenly became quiet, and the fire phoenix also became quiet, and after a while, it completely dissipated.

"Guru!" With a sound, the void was closing, and Xiao Yan's figure suddenly disappeared here, leaving only Huofeng alone.

"asshole!"

"Damn Xiao clan!"

"In the first World War, if it wasn't for your Xiao clan, how could our Phoenix clan have suffered heavy losses?"

"You... will always be the eternal enemies of our Feng Clan." As soon as the words fell, the place returned to calm, but this Huo Feng's hatred for Xiao Yan was already buried in the bottom of his heart.