Chapter 691: Heart rock burst!

"Boom boom boom!" The blood-colored beads contain extremely powerful destructive power. Just when they confronted the Five Elements Beast, they were crazily eroding the power and vitality of the Five Elements Beast!

"Five elements... soil!"

"Golden Tortoise Shield!" The Five Elements Beast shouted suddenly, and then the tortoise shell around it instantly burst out with an extremely dazzling golden light!

The golden light enveloped the tortoise shell of the five-element beast, and the tortoise shell of the five-element beast seemed to be invincible!

"Do you think this can stop my attack?"

"I am now the Lord of Luoling Mountain!"

"The power of Luoling Mountain!" said the two-tailed demon fox hideously, the violent power and hideous laughter kept coming out!

"Bastard, this guy wants to use the power of the spirit of Luoling Mountain and the power of the entire Luoling Mountain to break through this space, so as to go to the human world!" Seeing that the five elements beasts were constantly defending against the attack of the two-tailed demon fox, the Tianmu beast said secretly. .

"One-eyed!" The next moment, the giant beast of the sky also discovered the five-element beast that was gradually losing its match, and immediately closed its compound eyes, only revealing one of the largest eyes!

That eye was dark red, as if possessing other mysterious powers, which made people look quite shocked at first glance!

"Five-element beast, step back and let me come!" The Tianmu beast exclaimed, and then its huge body suddenly shot at the two-tailed demon fox!

Strangely, since the Celestial-eyed Giant Beast did something strange, the Celestial-eyed Giant Beast only had one eye.

"It seems that this giant beast of the sky is also ready to go all out." The five elements beast secretly said.

The Celestial Giant Beast is famous for its countless compound eyes, and no one dares to look directly at it, because it will kill its soul, but few people know that once the compound eyes of the Celestial Giant Beast are closed, there is only one pupil. Beasts are the most terrifying!

"you……"

"All have to die!" At this moment, the two-tailed demon fox, with fur covered in blood, reluctantly shot at them.

At this time, the two-tailed demon fox was still in a weak state. After all, it had just lost one life. Even if it was strong and had three lives, it was still not lightly injured. After all, it was the self-destruction of the spirit of Luoling Mountain.

"This eye..." Night Cat opened his mouth slightly.

As for the two-tailed demon fox's actions and today's scene, Night Cat has long thought of it, but he didn't expect this day to come so quickly.

"Since it's me who started this matter, I want to send you once!"

"Two-tailed demon fox, you must escape from here...because..."

"The human world is really wonderful!" After the night cat finished speaking, he directly projected it away, trying to use his body to block the blow of the giant beast Xeon!

"Boom boom boom!" A beam of death beams pierced through the sky in the eyes of the giant beast, and it suddenly met the two-tailed demon fox.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The two-tailed demon fox just wanted to escape, but it was too late.

"Damn, do I have to lose another life here..." The two-tailed demon fox said unwillingly.

Although the three-tailed demon fox has three lives, it can't stand it!

And although the spirit of Luoling Mountain has just been eliminated, but the three-tailed demon fox lost a life, its strength will also drop sharply in a short period of time. As for the toughness just now, it was just pretending to be seen by the five-element beast and the giant beast. The two guys were not fooled.

"Ah, ah!" Just when the two-tailed demon fox hesitated, the Heavenly Eyed behemoth's powerful blow had already come to the two-tailed demon fox!

However, to the surprise of the two-tailed demon fox, the fatal blow of this giant beast did not seem to hit him.

"What's going on?" Hearing this, the two-tailed demon fox woke up suddenly.

The scene in front of her shocked the two-tailed demon fox.

The enchanting body of the night cat was instantly pierced by the death beam of the giant beast!

In just a short moment, he was insightful, and then the vitality of the night cat was rapidly lost.

"Ye..." The two-tailed demon fox suddenly said with a bit of trouble.

Scenes of deja vu appeared in the mind of the two-tailed demon fox!

Born in Luoling Mountain, he was bullied by other dead beasts and even tried to kill him. Fortunately, he met the night cat who was also young. The night cat did not know that for various purposes, he saved the three-tailed demon fox, and he never gave up along the way. Continue to help the three-tailed demon fox become stronger!

It can be said that the three-tailed demon fox does not believe in other similar species from beginning to end, but the night cat is only an anomaly!

When the night cat saved the three-tailed demon fox, the three-tailed demon fox told the night cat about the beauty of the human world, so the night cat believed it, but although the night cat was cunning by nature, in the final analysis, the three-tailed demon fox still had a crucial role to play. important role!

"No!" A heart-piercing voice suddenly sounded from the mouth of the two-tailed demon fox!

"How could it be..." Seeing this, the Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast also weakened.

Just performing that supreme blow just now consumed a lot of power, and the power of the Heavenly Eyed beast at this time was slightly exhausted.

"What should I do now?" The Five Elements Beast said hurriedly.

"Wait and see." The Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast glanced at the Five Elements Beast helplessly, extremely helpless.

Although these five-element beasts have amazing defensive power, their attack power is close to zero.

"Ah ah ah!"

"Night cat, night cat, what's wrong with you?"

"Didn't you promise me that you would accompany me to see the flowers and plants of mankind?"

"How could you leave me alone like this!" The two-tailed demon fox suddenly hugged Ye Cat, but the obvious wound on Ye Cat's body quickly lost its vitality.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Demon fox, don't cry."

"Ever since I met you, I knew I would have such a day, sooner or later."

"Promise me, live well...with my expectation..." Night Cat said Night Cat, I just want you to go to the human world and live a long life. A happy life, but I have left you in the cold, I'm sorry..." The two-tailed demon fox revealed the most sincere side.

"Needless to say, I know it all, but I can't continue to accompany you...cough cough cough."

"Demon Fox, you must live a good life!" After Ye Cat finished speaking, the body suddenly shattered, turning into fragments and disappearing on the top of Boundless Mountain!

Being hit by the powerful blow of the giant beast in the sky, it will turn into dust in a short period of time. The night cat can last a few more minutes, and the night is enough to see how powerful she is!

"Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast!"

"This time, you must die!" The next moment, the weak two-tailed demon fox exploded, and the terrifying anger suddenly surfaced!

When the Five Elements Beast and the Heavenly Eye Giant Beast heard the words, their bodies suddenly trembled. Just from the voice of the two-tailed demon fox, they both knew that this time, it would only be a dead end!

"Haha, the fight was quite lively, why don't you listen to my suggestion?" Just as the two-tailed demon fox and the five-element beast were fighting with each other, a man surrounded by flames had a dangerous smile on his mouth, slowly Get out of the three.

As the flaming man walked out, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that something was missing from his body, but Xiao Yan was not surprised by this flaming man.

"Finally can't stand it anymore..." Xiao Yan also said with a slow smile.

Xinyan, you have your conspiracy, so why not me!