Chapter Vol 4 1031: Enchanted Note Hitomi!

"Bang bang bang!" A series of voices slowly exploded in the Holy Flame space, and then the figures of Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying slowly appeared.

"Are you all right?" Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying had just killed Xuetian, and suddenly the special space formed by the blood formation diagram of Xuetian and Mu Yingying's holy flame space were directly shattered, and the two of them naturally returned to the blue fusion In addition to the pulp, after a while, Yan Chi asked with concern.

"We're fine." Xiao Yan said quite casually, but then he looked away, but Mu Yingying's face turned pale.

"Here...it's yours." Xiao Yan's eyes were stern, naturally, after seeing Mu Yingying's Saint Yanjing lent to him, his body weakened and he said immediately.

Although holding Mu Yingying's Holy Flame Crystal in his hand made Xiao Yanxiao's innermost Fen Jue restless, Xiao Yan knew that this Holy Flame Crystal was as important as Mu Yingying's heart. She could borrow it so easily. Giving it to myself is already considered a life-and-death relationship. If I have some other thoughts, I am afraid it will be a big rebellious.

"En." Mu Yingying did not hesitate at all, she directly took back her holy flame crystal, and her face became slightly better.

"Old Yan, what's going on with this Gorefiend?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask when the matter was over, because with Xiao Yan's perception, he suddenly realized that although this Gorefiend was powerful, he still couldn't help it. There is a feeling of being strong and dry.

"The power of the Gorefiend was once divided into two by the ghost face and soul flame. Here, half of the power of the Gorefiend is sealed, and the other half is at ease."

"And the Gorefiends also want to save this half of the Gorefiend's power, so as to expand the true power of their clan." Yan Chi said.

"If that's the case...then this Gorefiend uses half of the power to gather the power of a few of our holy flames, and absolutely cannot let him escape." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he continued to recover the power consumed in his body and said.

"Why the eyelids keep twitching... Is there something bad to happen..." As for Mu Yingying, she said to herself.

"I can't think of a mere human powerhouse in the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, who could kill four of my blood demons in a row."

"This hatred can be described as..." Seeing this, the Gorefiend in the distance wriggled slightly at the corners of his mouth, and an evil killing intent slowly emerged.

"Big brother, they are really amazing..." Xiao Yi was overjoyed when she saw that nothing happened to Xiao Yan and the two of them, and she completely wiped out Xuetian and Xuexuan.

"Gorefiend, this is the end, do you still think you have a chance?" Ghost-faced Soulyan looked at Xiao Yan's thunderous means, and immediately said to the Gorefiend with great joy, and now the four Gorefiends have completely fallen. , Just a blood demon envoy, in the hands of so many strong people, but there is no room for struggle, not to mention that there are as many as four holy flames here.

"Hahaha, that makes sense."

"But don't you humans say something like this..."

"It's not until the end, it's not certain who will get the flowers."

"But this kid named Xiao Yan, the envoy took it down."

"I killed the Gorefiend Four and Gorefiend Left Guard successively. One day, I will let you experience the torment of this world." The childlike Gorefiend's evil voice slowly wriggled.

"Then see if you have the strength!"

"Look at the move!" Seeing this, Xiao Yi immediately condensed the brilliant flames and attacked him away.

"Although this guy's flame is not as good as holy flame, why does it make me feel uneasy?" Seeing Xiao Yi's attack appearing, the blood demon ambassador didn't hesitate immediately.

"Forget it, it's almost over." But the next moment, the Gorefiend made a sudden decision.

"Bang bang bang!" When Xiao Yi's terrifying attack was about to hit the Gorefiend's body, he was easily stopped by a figure wrapped in an evil aura.

"This is?" Seeing this, Xiao Yi and Mu Yingying frowned, apparently facing the guy who suddenly appeared, they seemed to be afraid.

"Yanchi... Haven't you always been curious about the reason for the fall of the few geniuses who were once in a hundred years before you Fenxiang Pavilion..."

"Next..."

"I'll tell you."

"Yin Tong, let's meet your fellow brothers and sisters from Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Hahaha!" When the last word fell, the figure of the figure wrapped in the evil aura suddenly exploded, and an incomparably huge evil aura suddenly spread out, revealing its original appearance.

This is a man. The man is wearing a black robe, with a long head down and a jade qin on his back. The handsome man between the eyebrows, even Xiao Yi thinks he is inferior. There is a dead air in it, like a dead person!

"Note pupil..." As soon as the Gorefiend's voice fell, a trace of hot liquid was slowly brewing in his fiery pupils.

"What an evil spirit..." Xiao Yi said in a deep voice at this time, obviously Yintong's incomparably dazzling evil spirit at this moment was even comparable to that of the Gorefiend.

"Okay, you bastard, you actually demonized our disciples of the Burning Incense Pavilion."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Our Burning Incense Pavilion and your extraterritorial evil clan are at odds with each other!" Seeing this, Yan Chi exclaimed.

"Demonization..." Xiao Yan frowned when he heard the words. Xiao Yan had also heard about demonization. It is said that this is the usual method used by some powerful people from the evil race outside the realm to kill humans Continue to nourish his body with his own demonic energy, and when the time is right, the figure will completely lose its humanity and turn into a real killing machine!

"This guy……"

"Yintong was actually subdued and demonized by him all the time, so I said why I haven't found this guy's body..." And Ghost Face Soul Yan also shook his head slightly when he saw this scene at this moment.

"You immortal guy, you better take care of yourself."

"After catching you, it was originally an agreement with the Xuanling royal family. I didn't think that these wastes of the Xuanling royal family would be of no use at all, but you escaped in the end." The Gorefiend said with a smile.

"Don't worry, I will avenge all these revenge." Looking at the arrogant blood demon envoy, Xiao Yan put a hand on Yan Chi's shoulder and said.

"Be careful, Yin Tong is a genius who has mastered the vindictiveness of the sound system!"

"If there is a chance, leave him a whole corpse." At the end of the sentence, Yan Chi turned out to be a bit vicissitudes. Obviously, the Yin Tong after being demonized by the blood demon, even if they are as powerful as fighting immortals, There is still no way.

"Okay!"

"Xiao Yi, Senior Ghost Face Soul Yan, do it!" As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan's figure burst into motion, and shot directly at the note pupil. As for Xiao Yi and Ghost Face Soul Yan, their breaths skyrocketed and they attacked frantically. go.

"Take good care of them." The blood demon emissary said slightly, and then the demonized note pupil flickered with blood-red pupils, and an extremely evil voice also slowly echoed in this space.

"Yes, my king."