Chapter Vol 4 1177: get away

"Old bastard!" Seeing the cyan light coming towards his face, Yu Gan's blood-red pupils couldn't help but suddenly dilate!

This azure light group is condensed by countless soul bodies, and the soul power has been related to the alchemist since ancient times. Unless the alchemist or some very special forces will cultivate, otherwise the soul power of normal people, all is too weak!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And this weak soul power is undoubtedly a fatal point for them!

Even if it is as powerful as Yugan in the early days of the three-star battle of immortals, with a fighting spirit, and its soul power has just reached the emperor realm, if it wants to deal with this attack that is purely formed by the condensed soul body, I am afraid it will be quite difficult.

"Bastard **** bastard!" Yu Gan couldn't help scolding, this is the first time he heard of using the means of attacking the soul body, but at this time he obviously didn't have time to think about other things, the blue light group disappeared in a blink of an eye. It was the sonic attack that easily swept through his own, and slammed into the 100-meter phantom of his **** demon ape!

"Woooooo!" The cyan light just hit the phantom of his **** demon ape, and the phantom suddenly screamed in pain!

Although the Blood Sky Demon Ape is a spirit-level fighting spirit, it is a thunder attribute, but there is no way to deal with this kind of attack that is condensed by the power of the soul!

The cyan light group just attacked the phantom, and immediately hit the source, causing quite serious damage to the Blood Sky Demon Ape.

"no……"

"If it goes on like this, the Blood Sky Demon Ape will be wiped out by this soul attack!" Yu Gan also felt the pain of the Blood Sky Demon Ape and couldn't help saying.

If the fighting soul is swallowed, all the consciousness of the fighting soul will be assimilated by the master and become part of the master's strength, and the memory and power of the fighting soul will be inherited by the master, but Yu Gan's forcible swallowing, the blood demon. The consciousness of the ape is naturally backlashing all the time, so it is reasonable to have this appearance.

"Hahaha!"

"The power of your fighting spirit is indeed tyrannical. If it weren't for the fact that I have something in the bottom of the box, I'm afraid I would have fallen under your sonic attack..."

"It's a pity." Hun Hao on the side also smiled, but there was a trace of pain on his face, tens of thousands of soul bodies, this is the result of his almost three years, if it is not for his own critical survival time, what kind of soul Hao was also reluctant to take it out.

After all, if these tens of thousands of soul bodies are handed over, it can give him a lot of strength, but getting the immortal leaves is also a kind of compensation.

"It's a bit... You underestimate me!"

"Blood Demon Ape."

"Swallow it for me!" In the next moment, the red thunderbolts all over Yugan's body were as terrifying as a thunderfield, but those red thunderbolts slowly penetrated his body, and all of them appeared to the phantom of the Bloody Demon Ape. on top!

"What!" With the emergence of those red thunderbolts, the 100-meter-sized body of the Bloody Demon Ape that was about to be shattered has expanded several times, and even its breath has skyrocketed a lot.

"Guru!" With a sound, the cyan light group was swallowed by the Blood Sky Demon Ape without a trace!

"Shabu Shabu!" The soul light group swallowed by the Blood Sky Demon Ape instantly came to Yugan.

"This soul light group is actually full of various emotions."

"The joys and sorrows, joys and sorrows..."

"However, we're running out of time now!" As soon as he finished speaking, Yugan opened his mouth slightly, took a sharp breath, and immediately sucked the cyan light into his belly!

The power contained in this soul light group is too terrifying. If it is not solved, I am afraid it will destroy itself! And now the best solution is probably to swallow it!

"asshole!"

"Dare to absorb the source of the soul like this, are you crazy?" Looking at Yu Gan's actions, Hun Hao couldn't help frowning!

It is extremely difficult to collect these tens of thousands of soul origins. In order to collect these soul origins, Hunhao almost fell into the hands of human powerhouses several times, but even so, these soul light clusters are full of emotions. , even he did not dare to absorb it rashly.

But it was actually absorbed by this feather in front of you?

"Ah ah ah!" Just after absorbing the soul light group, countless emotions rioted in its body. Obviously, although this soul source is a great tonic, it is also a poison!

"Tsk tsk tsk."

"This guy, I'm afraid the mind has been disturbed by the Blood Sky Demon Ape."

"The source of the soul is powerful, but if it is swallowed so much, I am afraid that it will become a lunatic."

"Calculate the time, Soul Wuya should also be in a safe place, and I should go too."

"Lord of Li Soul, the revenge of our ghost kingdom will start from this ghost day."

"Susu." After Hunhao finished speaking, his figure flashed, turned into a black qi, and headed into the distance.

"Sir!" And the many strong men in the City Lord's Mansion hidden below couldn't help but say.

"Go!"

"Baihe, you bring a large army and bring the black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf to justice on the spot!"

"As for Yugan... He's in a very bad situation right now, don't touch him first, just in case there's a scam!" Dead Wind said.

"How about you, my lord?" the old man on the side asked.

"That guy had a familiar aura just now, I have to go and find out!" After Death Feng finished speaking, he flickered and immediately followed the direction of Hun Hao's disappearance.

"Do it!" Bai He said in a deep voice, and then dozens of silhouettes burst out at the same time, facing the sky!

"Brother, what should we do now?"

"I'm afraid this Yugan has gone crazy." On the side, in order to avoid the Scar Wolf who just used the power of the fighting soul to radiate the wave, he couldn't help asking.

"do not care."

"Yu Quan just swallowed the azure light group, I'm afraid he's lost his mind now."

"We were walking on the tip of the knife Since he failed, we must escape from here as soon as possible!"

"I always feel that the atmosphere here is not right!" After the black-faced tiger finished speaking, he looked around, but he didn't see anything.

"Let's go." Scar Wolf glanced at Yu Quan who kept holding his head and screaming in the sky, swept his figure and fled into the distance.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the Scar Wolf just got up automatically, as if it had hit the wall for a year.

"What's going on?" Scar Wolf looked at the transparent space in front of him, but didn't understand what was going on.

"Formation?"

"We...were surrounded." The black-faced tiger also frowned and said slowly.

"Black-faced tiger, scarred wolf, let's capture it."

"You are already guilty of serious sins, and you even colluded with the Yu family and plotted against the law. I am ordered by the city master to kill the two of you." At the next moment, dozens of figures lined up one after another and appeared in front of the two.

"If you want to capture us, let's see if you have the ability!"

"Do it!" The black-faced tiger's face sank. He knew that the strength of the two of them would not be able to defeat the elite of the city lord's mansion in front of him, but right now, there was nothing to do!

If the two of them are captured by these guys, I am afraid that what awaits them is death!

However, although the two of them are quite strong, but here are the elites of the City Lord's Mansion, and it is only a matter of time before they are captured.

And with the end of the matter here, Xiao Yan's figure also slowly chased after Soul Wuya with the undead leaves.