Chapter Vol 4 1771: Arrive at Tianxing Continent!

"Huh...this flame?" Just after Xiao Yan and the others left, a man with a rather strange attire appeared on the square where they left like a ghost. His attire was like that of a monk but contained a touch of sacredness From the perspective of his attire, it is not difficult to see that this guy is probably also a member of the Holy See.

This high-ranking priest of the Holy See appeared in the place where Xiao Yan and the others had just fought, and immediately carefully checked all the clues in the space passage square. After all, the Holy See had some special tracking methods, so he easily sensed Yas Nail. The land of the fall has now been traced and there are no traces. Only useful traces can be found, so as to return to life.

Because a powerhouse of his level, if he rashly enters other continents, he will probably cause a lot of panic.

"Collect this flame, the bishops must know who the flame came from..." While speaking, the guy who was sent by the cardinal to collect intelligence collected a rather faint amber flame and left immediately. Here, with this thing, with the power of the bishop, it is enough to track down the murderer who really wiped out Yas Nail. At that time, with the power of their Holy See, it is enough to easily arrest the murderer.

the other side.

"Bang Bang Bang!" As Xiao Yan and the others left, they headed towards the Star Continent. The journey went smoothly. In a few days, they arrived at the core of the Star Continent.

Tianxing Continent, it is said that in ancient times, it was a continent opened up by an almighty who mastered the power of stars. The power of stars was mysterious and unpredictable. After the death of this almighty, some human beings formed it in order to protect the mantle of this almighty. The royal family that guards the Tianxing Continent, but unfortunately under the rule of hundreds of generations of the Lin family in the Tianxing Continent, for some reason, the power of the stars has disappeared without a trace, but in this regard, on the Tianxing Continent, the wood attribute and some The research on the casting formation method is quite rich, and it can be regarded as a blessing and a curse.

The Tianxing Continent is vast, no less than hundreds of continents and towns, and its core is naturally the Tianxing City where the Lin family stands.

In Tianxing City, is the resident of the Tianxing Empire, and the Tianxing Empire is naturally the residence of the Lin family. In addition, Tianxing City has a huge territory and is located in the core of the Tianxing Continent. There are countless superpowers here. , but no matter how powerful these superpowers are, they all follow the management of the Lin family of the Sky Star Empire. After all, the overall strength of the Lin family is the strongest in the entire continent. If there is any unsightly force that tries to provoke them, they will end up waiting. , I am afraid it will be quite bleak.

"Squeak." With a sound, Xiao Yan and his group slowly emerged from the space passage.

"Sir Lin, you're back." As soon as they emerged from the space passage, several seemingly gentle young men were waiting at the exit with a smile on their faces, smiling.

"Well... how is Sky Star City recently?" Lin Qingwen stepped out of the exit and immediately asked,

"Sir, it seems that it is quite quiet in the Star City today, and nothing seems to happen." The figure in charge of the space channel said.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan casually glanced away and found that this place was just on top of a mountain, apparently to isolate the space channel from Skystar City. After all, if something happened to the space channel, it would easily affect the entire empire.

"Sir, please here." Lin Qingwen respectfully made a gesture of invitation to Xiao Yan, and immediately followed the mountain path towards Tianxing City.

The exit of the space channel is naturally on a mountain top outside the city, and the sky here is equipped with a tyrannical forbidden power, so whether it is royal relatives or ordinary people, they can only walk on foot. This is also the sky star. Continental regulations since ancient times.

"Sir, in front of you is Tianxing City." A few people followed the trail down the mountain range, and Lin Qingwen immediately pointed to the huge city thousands of meters away in front of him and smiled.

"What a huge handwriting." I don't know if I don't see it. When I saw it, I was startled. Xiao Yan looked at it, and suddenly a look of horror filled his heart.

This is not a city, it is clearly a huge territory.

Because from the halfway up the mountain range here, there is a huge city of splendor and splendor. The territory of that level is probably no less than Xuan Tiantian, or even more tyrannical than Xuan Tiantian.

In the city, dozens of mountain ranges have emerged, and around the mountains, exquisite buildings have emerged, and some people are coming and going, quite peaceful, even in this huge city, there are countless lush green atmosphere and Wood attributes, blowing in the face.

"Hehe..." Hearing Xiao Yan's appearance like this, Lin Qingwen and the others laughed and said, this Tianxing City is their pride. There is a lot of energy in the sky and the earth, and the combination of forest mountains and city buildings, these methods were created by the Tianxing Continent.

"Go, the princess lives on the third mountain range." After Shunxi, everyone left here and headed towards the mountain range.

the other side.

In Tianxing City, in a rather mysterious mountain manor, a beautiful shadow slowly stands here.

"His Royal Highness...Lord Lin Qingwen came back with Lord Xiao Yan." After the rest, a dark shadow emerged from the forest path breaking through the void.

"Understood, let's go down."

"Also keep an eye on the other two electors. If they have any action, let me know as soon as possible." Qian Ying turned her back and said softly, not knowing what she was thinking.

"Yes, Your Royal Highness." As soon as the voice fell, the shadow was disappearing, but the power brewing on the body of the shadow was heart-stopping, I am afraid it also reached six Star Dou Immortal level.

"Sister Lin, please go and invite Qingwen and the others. I'm worried that the other two guys will secretly use some means, and Xiao Yan's true identity should not be completely exposed." After a while, Qian Ying's wrist turned slightly, and the whole body was empty. In the degree of shaking, a middle-aged woman appeared gently.

"Well...but I'm still a little curious, can this Xiao Yan be able to hold the position of the Lord of the Endless Fire Territory? After all, it is also a huge force based on the Xuanling Continent." The young woman wondered.

"You'll know when you go." At this moment, Qian Ying smiled sweetly.

"My subordinates take orders." As soon as the words fell, the middle-aged woman also disappeared, and went to pick up Xiao Yan and a few people.

"Xiao Yan... I might have to use your help this time. Today's Tianxing City, open and secret intrigue is too sinister, and whether it's public or private, I must get this inheritance, otherwise my two brothers will appoint a meeting. The whole continent will be wiped out." After arranging everything, the beautiful girl's beautiful eyes flashed with determination and smiled.

Qianying was dressed in a green princess dress, and her body was set off like a fairy from the dust. Her black hair fell like a waterfall, and even above her beautiful eyes, there was a touch of endless depth like the sea of ​​stars, gently. emerge.

That is... the power of the stars, and this figure is Qin Xin who went to Xuantian Santian Burning Incense Pavilion to study and cultivate.