Chapter 445: Break through the 5-star Doudi!

At this time, in Xiao Yan's body, there are already three places with different powers.

One is the Nigong Pill in the body, deep inside the Nigong Pill, the inscription of the core of life slowly floats on it, slowly emitting an invisible wave!

It is the power of the mind!

Xiao Yan's spiritual power attainments are still in the entry-level stage. Old Zhu has not taught him the way to cultivate spiritual power. However, Xiao Yan believes that after this experience is completed, when Xiao Yan returns to the sect, he will start to cultivate spiritual power. strength!

Mental strength is the foundation of a battle formation master!

Just ask a powerful fighting formation master, without exception, he is a person with strong spiritual power.

When he thought of blocking thousands of troops with the power of one person, Xiao Yan's mind was filled with enthusiasm!

The being is the soul realm in the body!

The soul realm contains a huge amount of soul power!

The foundation of a pharmacist is soul power!

Only when the power of the soul is huge to a certain level, can you continuously advance to the rank of alchemist by controlling the perception of the soul and the flame!

The reason why Xiao Yan is still only an alchemist at the peak of the first rank of the emperor is that this soul power has been unable to break through for a long time!

Now that Xiao Yan's soul power has reached the peak of the emperor's mortal rank, Xiao Yan believes that as long as his soul power breaks through the current bottleneck, then advancing to the second rank of the emperor must be a matter of course.

The huge soul power exists in the soul realm, and the soul power forms a vast ocean. At this time, the white Xiao Yan is cultivating the seventh layer of the sky-shattering ruler on it!

Finally, there is the Dou Qi Sea separated from the Soul Realm!

In the sea of ​​fighting qi, huge and gorgeous flames dominate!

Because Xiao Yan is cultivating the fire attribute fighting qigong method, Burning Jue!

Furthermore, in addition to the twenty-three kinds of different fires in Xiao Yan's body, flames can be seen everywhere in the Dou Qi sea at this time!

It's just that in the Dou Qi Sea, countless flames are everywhere, and there seems to be something in the center of the Dou Qi Sea!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I didn't expect this sea of ​​fighting qi to be so huge..."

"If this is to be compressed into a fist-sized fighting core, then I don't know how difficult it would be." Xiao Yan looked inwardly at his own fighting qi sea for the first time, and immediately said in secret surprise in his heart.

The area of ​​the Dou Qi Sea is within Xiao Yan's body. I am afraid that, judging from the flames everywhere, this Dou Qi Sea has a huge space of tens of thousands of meters!

If you compress this ten thousand feet of space, I am afraid it will not be so easy.

"Let's take one step at a time." After the words were finished, Xiao Yan poured most of the remaining power of the Dou Di Pill into the sea of ​​Dou Qi!

The reason why Xiao Yan injected part of the power of this Dou Di Pill into his limbs before was to strengthen his body!

After his body was fully absorbed, Xiao Yan did not hesitate to run the Burning Jue directly, pouring most of the remaining pure power of the Dou Di Pill into the Dou Qi Sea!

"嘁嘁嘁!" The enormous power of Dou Di Dan had just entered the Dou Qi Sea, and the scattered flames in the Dou Qi Sea seemed to have discovered the enemy, and instantly rushed towards a certain point in the Dou Qi Sea.

"Shabu!" In an instant, the flames scattered around the Dou Qi Sea formed a ferocious beast!

The whole body of the beast is pitch-black, it stands on all fours, its nine tails sway slightly, and then its majestic and powerful limbs, coupled with the destructive aura that Ruowu radiates, is really terrifying, a bit like a unicorn!

It's just that twenty-three colors appeared on the pupils and hair of the beast!

At the same time, above the beast's forehead, a group of twenty-three-color flames slowly beat.

A monarch descended, and the aura of the Vulcan descended from the world instantly emerged from the flame beast!

"Woooo~" It seems that the power of Dou Di Dan sensed the horror of this flaming beast, and he couldn't help trembling slightly, giving off a feeling of fear.

"This flaming beast is so terrifying..." Xiao Yan didn't even intend to take action, because Xiao Yan seemed to feel an air of pride from the beast, and Xiao Yan could feel it, the flaming beast seemed to be is real!

Absolutely not fake!

Otherwise, with Xiao Yan's current 4-star Dou Emperor consummate strength, he would definitely not feel a wave of death from this flaming beast when he added the soul power of the mortal-level peak of the God Realm.

"This flaming beast seems to be real. Even I can't match this fire control power... I just don't know why my fighting spirit is like this..."

"Let's go back and ask Elder Zhu." Xiao Yan shook his head, and then looked at the sea of ​​Dou Qi in his body, because Xiao Yan also wanted to know how this flaming beast absorbed this Dou Di Pill!

Every promotion of Dou Di is mainly to compress the Dou Qi sea in his body, but all the Dou Qi in Xiao Yan's Dou Qi Sea at this time is gathered on this flaming beast, so Xiao Yan is looking forward to it!

"Ow!" The flaming beast stood on the ground, saw the dazzling power beside the Dou Di Pill, raised his forehead suddenly, and roared at the Dou Di Pill hanging in the air.

The flaming beast shouted, and the dark figure suddenly had several different colors. The twenty-three colors in the pupil became hot, and then the flame composed of twenty-three colors on the forehead, It suddenly burned, and the next moment was to wrap the entire body!

"Shabu!" The flaming beast was covered in flames at this moment, and then he stomped hard with his hind feet, and the space around it suddenly squirmed violently, and in the next instant, the flaming beast disappeared out of thin air.

The white light transformed by Dou Di Pill seemed to smell a dangerous smell from the flaming beast. Even if all consciousness was lost, out of instinct, the white light transformed by Dou Di Pill was in the place where the flaming beast had just disappeared. Moment, instant surge!

He was escaping very fast, as if he was escaping from something dangerous!

"Bang bang bang!" The white light transformed by Dou Di Dan had just left, and the sky where it was originally broke through violently squirming, and then the flame beast, the front palm suddenly lifted, a terrifying force that destroyed the sky and the earth mixed out!

"Boom boom boom!" No matter how fast the white light transformed by Dou Di Pill was, he still did not escape the fierce blow of this flaming beast!

The flame fierce beast waved its palm out, and a handprint of flame energy nearly a hundred meters away went towards the white light transformed by the Dou Di Pill!

Seeing the white light, suddenly flashed, and instantly evaded the handprint of the hundred-zhang flame energy!

"Boom boom boom!" The handprint of flame energy flew into the air and fell directly below it.

The next moment, a huge tunnel with a length of several hundred meters emerged.

The flaming beast launched a terrifying attack, then stayed in the sky, stuck out its tongue and licked its own hair, then stared at the white light.

The white light saw the hundreds of feet of big pit appear not far in front of him, and immediately gave up resistance, because it knew that this place was already the territory of this flaming beast, and no matter how hard he struggled, he couldn't escape, so he might as well give up resistance.

The flame beast raised its head slightly, then the figure moved, the space was squirming, and when it appeared the next moment, it came directly to the side of the white light!

"Pfft!" With a sound, the flame beast opened its huge mouth and swallowed the white light directly!

The white light had just been swallowed, and the entire body of the flame beast turned white, but the dark body had some color, but it was not very obvious.

Then the flame beast snored very humanely, and lay down in a clean place and fell asleep!

Just as the white light entered the body of the flaming beast, Xiao Yan suddenly felt an extremely hot feeling appear in his body...

"This is…"

"The feeling of a five-star fighting emperor!" Xiao Yan said with a face full of surprise!

Ask for tickets!