Chapter 336: Tall, fat and skinny siblings!

Xiao Yan and the others also stood under the steps, and after stepping on the steps, they entered the entrance of the hall.

"That is……"

Xiao Yan also murmured and raised his head, and then a rather majestic hall appeared slowly, and two big characters in the hall that attracted attention slowly appeared.

"Underground Palace!" Mu Feng also whispered, but the surprise in his voice could not be concealed.

"It's actually an underground palace?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly when he saw those two words!

Because my master, the Golden Dragon King, told me impressively!

The last time I saw Yan Chi back then was in this underground palace!

That Yan Chi was naturally a holy flame, so Xiao Yan was also so surprised.

"Look at the surprise of the two of you, what exactly is this underground palace?" Mu Yingying also found out what was wrong with Xiao Yan and Mu Feng, and immediately said.

"The underground palace is the largest place in the entire Xuanling royal family. It contains all the heritage and treasures of the Xuanling royal family, but it is a treasure in the true sense!"

"Countless people and thieves patronize this place, so the guards of this underground palace are extremely strict." Mu Feng also spoke slowly.

"I don't know why this person brought us here..."

"Xuan Santian has often rumored that the guards of the underground palace, even the powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di, have to be weighed." Mu Feng also said.

"This underground palace actually has such a history..." Mu Yingying also turned her beautiful eyes slightly, then stared into the depths of the underground palace, trying to find out, but strangely, she didn't find anything even though she was allowed to probe.

"It is rumored that this Xuanling Emperor Pond has various magical effects, but its geographical location is unknown..."

"Could it be in this underground palace?" Xiao Yan also stared at the hall marked with the word "underground palace", and an immature idea slowly formed in his mind.

As for the holy flame, we should wait until there is a chance to talk about it!

After all, this is the territory of the Xuanling royal family.

The next moment, Xiao Yan also looked at Wen Zi next to him and stayed outside the underground palace, without saying hello to these guards at all, as if he was waiting for someone!

Elder Zhu also squinted leisurely.

Xiao Yan's dark brown pupils also moved slightly, and then he made up his mind.

The next moment, an invisible soul force also spread towards the underground palace, trying to find out!

Just when Xiao Yan's soul power was just shot, Wen Zi also suddenly discovered it, then turned around, glanced at Xiao Yan, and seemed to whisper, "Why is this kid's soul power so terrifying..."

With Elder Zhu around, Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't be afraid of Wen Zi, so he boldly released his soul power.

However, when Xiao Yan was quite relaxed, his soul force was suddenly swallowed by an inexplicable powerful force just after arriving at the gate of the underground palace!

The next moment, that inexplicable power also seemed to have discovered something, and then rushed towards Xiao Yan!

"Not good!" Xiao Yan also secretly shouted in his heart, it seems that he underestimated the defense level of this underground palace, but at this time it was useless to do other things, so he had to bite the bullet and take this attack. .

"Go..." Just when Xiao Yan was shocked, the squinting old Zhu Lao also said slowly, and the inexplicable invisible force was shaken away by Zhu Lao.

"Damn..." Wen Zi also scolded secretly. If the old Zhu didn't make a move just now, the attack alone could injure the man with the heavy feet on his back, and he might save an entry. The qualifications of the Xuanling Emperor Pond.

Xiao Yan also looked at Old Zhu with grateful eyes, and the next moment he put away his small movements, but he muttered: "Strange, why is there no flame breath..."

"It stands to reason that if the holy flame is there, the surrounding temperature will also be extremely hot..."

"Haha, it's finally here." Wen Zi also hurriedly changed the subject.

I saw another place, and the figures of the two were also slowly coming towards the place where Wen Zi and the others were.

Taking a closer look, it was impressive that the two were of the same age as Xiao Yan.

One is tall and the other is short, I know they are quite commensurate.

The tall one was a man. He probably estimated that he should have a height of two meters. However, apart from being tall, the man's muscles were also extremely thin. Bone was the best description.

As for the other short one, it was a woman, who was the exact opposite of the tall but thin man.

This woman is very short, she seems to be only about one meter three, but the strange thing is that the fat all over her body is very plump.

"Hello, Mr. National Teacher." The woman's voice with a hint of anger also slowly appeared behind Wen Zi.

However, when Xiao Yan appeared in the two of them a long time ago, he felt the difference between the two, so he also paid attention to it.

Surprisingly, Xiao Yan found that the extremely serious expressions of many soldiers patrolling in the underground palace also changed conspicuously when they saw these two people.

It was clearly showing goodwill to the two of them.

"Haha, you guys came just in time." Wen Zi also waved his feather fan gently, and then said to the two of them.

"It was ordered by the teacher, but luckily I caught up." The man also spoke slowly.

The relationship between the man and the woman is obviously very good, because from beginning to end, the two of them never let go of their hands.

"Are these two the favored sons of your Xuanling royal family..." Elder Zhu also said slowly There was a rare surprise in his voice.

"Haha, yes, these two are exactly the people we entered the Xuanling Imperial Pond this time. With the three of you, there are five people in total." Wen Zi also said.

"Haha, the bones of these two are amazed. Obviously, their achievements in the future are quite large." Elder Zhu said slowly.

"Your Excellency is humble, the three disciples in your cabinet are also very good, and they will surely become powerful people in the future." Wen Zi also smiled, but he was quite happy about what this big man said, after all The two people in front of him have such appearances except for the special reason of the practice. Otherwise, they are the real geniuses of the Xuanling royal family!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Since we're all here, let's go." Wen Zi also said with a smile.

The two people in front of them are the geniuses of their Xuanling royal family. As for their height and appearance, it is also related to the exercises they practice, so it can only be the case.

"Let's go, three little fellows." Elder Zhu said slowly, and then he stepped out.

"Remember to keep your soul power and spiritual power, this underground palace is no better than our Burning Incense Pavilion." The next moment, just as Zhu Lao was walking, a voice also reached Xiao Yan's mind.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he also nodded to Elder Zhu secretly, but then he muttered in his heart: "It seems that the secrets of this underground palace will only be more than I imagined..."

Ask for tickets!