Chapter Vol 4 1441: Qiankun Ancient Array!

"Xiao Yan?"

"Are you back?" Xiao Yan and the two had just returned to the Thunder Valley camp, and everyone immediately became excited. After all, both of them had great convincing power in Thunder Valley regardless of their strength or prestige.

"Let's get down to business first." Xiao Yan nodded slowly to the group and smiled.

"That's the way it is... How credible do you think this is?" Duo Qifei also told Xiao Yan about Yuanhong's cooperation one by one.

"I think it's ok... The strength of this Yuan sect powerhouse should not be underestimated, and our top priority now is to enter the Tianming Villa. As for the rest, we don't have to think about it." Xiao Yan thought for a while, then opened the mouth and said, Obviously, as long as you can enter the Tianming Mountain Villa, even if you are calculated by Yuan Zong, it is reasonable.

"If that's the case, then have a good rest tonight and climb the mountain tomorrow!" Du Qifei said with a smile.

"By the way, this is... looks a bit shy." The next moment, Feng Yu looked at the strange man beside Xiao Yan and Mu Ge, and couldn't help but ask.

The strength of Xiao Yan and Mu Ge was deliberately suppressed by them, so everyone did not easily find that they had broken through, but the invisible fluctuations emitted by the man of the Earth Demon Bear shocked everyone.

"Hey... I'll finish my affairs first, and I'll go with you tomorrow." The Earth Demon Bear heard the words, grinned, and then disappeared here.

After a night of silence, it was the next day.

"Let's go." The figures of Xiao Yan, Muge, Du Qifei, three women and two men were at the forefront of the team, while on the other side, the Yuanzong sisters were at the forefront of their team.

"Big brother, this mountain is so strange..." Yuan Yan whispered to Xiao Yan. Obviously, they had hunted for treasure together before, and Xiao Yan cared about him, which caused Yuan Yan's affection for Xiao Yan to increase greatly.

"Be careful." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, making Yuan Yan a tyrannical guy feel strange, which is enough to explain the horror of this mountain.

"Let's go!" In an instant, the two teams of people walked towards the mountain one after another.

"This yellow sand... seems to contain some kind of partition power?"

"It seems to be preventing the spread of some kind of power in the mountain peak?" As soon as everyone came to the edge of the mountain peak, Xiao Yan suddenly bent over, wiped some yellow sand, and said slightly.

"The car must have a way to the front of the mountain, and the boat will naturally go straight to the bridge, so you can only bite the bullet." Liu Qing also said.

"En." As soon as the voice fell, the second team slowly crossed the yellow sand and stepped into the mountain peak.

"It seems... there's nothing weird about it?" The crowd rushed into the mountain peaks and strolled in the ancient forests, only to feel the energy of heaven and earth that was many times more intense than the outside world, and there was nothing else.

"What did you find?" Xiao Yan and the Yuan Zong two stood at the front of the team, and Xiao Yan asked after all his investigations were fruitless.

"Not at the moment." At this time, Yuan Hong was also rather strange and spoke slowly.

"Look!"

"What is that?" The next moment, a surprised voice suddenly sounded from the back of the team.

"That's..." When Xiao Yan and several leaders heard the words, they slowly looked up, but they noticed a shocking scene.

At this time, in the center of the mountain, a huge gate of light bathed in a pure white halo slowly emerged, and even from the gate of light, many tyrannical powers of space emerged.

"The Gate of Space?" Feng Yu said in surprise for the first time.

"The Gate of Space!"

"This is the entrance to Tianming Mountain Villa, brothers, go ahead." Feng Yu's voice just fell, and suddenly many disciples in the back suddenly seemed to be possessed. go.

"Wait, don't go there, I'm afraid this is not right!" Xiao Yan watched dozens of people emerge, and suddenly burst into a drink. After walking outside for many years, Xiao Yan's perception of danger was particularly strong.

"Go back!"

"Get out and stay away from the mountain!"

"Get out of the yellow sand!" Suddenly, a rare seriousness appeared on Yuan Yan's attractive little face!

"Bang bang bang!" Yuan Yan's voice just fell, and those figures who rushed towards the door of space were suddenly shaken back at the same time they touched the door of space.

"Damn...it's too late!" The expression on Xiao Yan's face also became ugly.

"Weng Om!" As more and more disciples were directly knocked back by the gate of space, the fighting qi in those disciples disappeared in an instant, and then the aura became sluggish the next moment, and fell directly from the air. So fell into a coma.

"We... got the plan." At this time, Yuan Hong's expression also became strange.

"Huuuu!" Just as Xiao Yan and the others were about to retreat, in the space gate at the center, bursts of colorful fighting qi energy instantly spread, suddenly emerged, and then completely wrapped the entire mountain with ease.

At that time, a heavy feeling filled everyone's heart.

"What the **** is going on?" Du Qifei was a little puzzled, apparently not knowing what was going on, all his disciples fell into a coma.

"The yellow sand outside the mountain exists to prevent the power of the formation from overflowing."

"And the door of space in front of us is the entrance to Tianming Mountain Villa... It's just that the planner has set up a formation around him... Therefore, when we came into contact with the door of space with the same door, all the vindictive energy in our bodies was instantly swept away. Suck it away, thus activating the formation..."

"Now... it's troublesome." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and all over the space, colorful energy emerged, and at the same time, a sense of oppression was transmitted.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the soil emerged under everyone's feet, and the Earth Demon Bear also appeared.

"It actually touched the formation." The Earth Demon Bear just emerged, and this space was completely blocked, and even the power of space could not escape.

"What the **** is this..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask.

"This is the formation... It's called the Qiankun Ancient Formation." At the same time, Yuanyan said softly.

"Ancient Qiankun Formation?"

"How can it be!"

"This formation is the most powerful formation used by the ancient powerhouses to suppress the evil races outside the realm. How could it possibly appear here?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words This formation is not complete. It's just an engraved version, but it's more than enough to deal with us Samsung Fighting Immortals. "

"And now it's just the beginning of the formation, and it hasn't fully demonstrated its power." Yuan Hong said softly on the side.

"Boom!" Just as everyone was talking, the entire mountain peak was scolded for spreading the yellow energy in the ancient formation of Qiankun, and in an instant, a force of annihilation continued to destroy every grass and one in the mountain peak. Wood.

When it touched the yellow light, every grass and tree in the mountain instantly turned into powder and disappeared completely!

"This time... there's a good show to watch." Seeing that the many disciples below were unconscious, and only Xiao Yan and a few people were left, the strange white mist was flickering, and he laughed immediately. As for Du Tianhong He Yuanzong's leading powerhouses were directly passed out of the mountain when the formation was activated.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!