Chapter Vol 4 1966: Mistress Feng Wan'er!

"Susu..."

"Old man, I haven't seen you for a long time." Beside Xu Shao, a gray-haired old man with red arms easily stopped the mistress' jade staff, turned his head to speak to the mistress, and there was a strong voice in his voice. It has a strong desire to fight, and its eyes are staring at the latter like a violent beast, and the comer is not good!

"This guy?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan and Su Xueying couldn't help but look at each other. It was obvious that they could smell an extremely tyrannical oppression from the old man. Seeing that there was nothing in the two coffins behind Xu Shao, they immediately Also understand what.

That kind of breath is also reincarnation!

"The Eight-Star Dou Xian Perfection Flame Peak in the Yan Clan, and the Supreme Elder Yan Yan, it seems that the genius of the Soul Palace for nearly a thousand years is none other than you." At this moment, the mistress's eyes narrowed slowly, a touch of indifference The terrifying aura of doubt swept across the square like a stormy wave, and the surprise at the Soul Palace Xu Shao reached the extreme in the voice.

Even in the ancient times, there was absolutely no one person in the Soul Palace who could control so many means, not to mention Xu Shao's actions today, which were undoubtedly self-defeating.

The eight major races in ancient times, except for the Xiao clan, the remaining seven major races, the patriarchs and even the elders in the clan, their strengths are only seven-star fighting immortals or even eight-star fighting immortals, and these guys have a long heritage. It is also because of the ancient races. Some powerhouses who have reached the reincarnation or the eight-star Dou Xian perfection will be promoted to the Supreme Elder in their respective clans and enter the forbidden areas of their respective clans to retreat. Unless the race is destroyed, they will not be able to do so. will show up easily.

Elder Taishang is the real strategic powerhouse among these noon!

This is also the restriction imposed on the ancient races by the Doudi Continent's law enforcers. After all, if the reincarnation power is strong, once he does it, it may cause an uproar.

Of course, these are the secrets of the seven ancient races, and only those with high morals and respect know about them.

"Feng Wan'er... I haven't seen you for ten thousand years. I didn't expect you to end up like this because of the tribulation of reincarnation." At this moment, the old man Yan Yan beside Xu Shao had a hint of vicissitudes in his voice, and he spoke from here. The tone of... It seems that the two of them have known each other for a long time?

"Hmph, old man Yan Yan, how can you call the name of this seat at will?" Feng Wan'er's hunched figure stood up slightly, and a trace of anger immediately emerged.

"Actually, I'm curious as to why the relationship between your guardians and the Xiao clan broke up?" Yan Yan, the supreme elder of the Yan clan, was not in a hurry and continued to speak.

"You're courting death!" Being so provocative by this old guy, countless white energy ripples suddenly appeared on Feng Wan'er's palm, and when she squeezed her palm, a force capable of crushing everything was directed at the latter. Blast away!

"Weng buzzing!" For a time, the situation on the square changed, the void was directly frozen and solidified, and a conspicuous ice shackles filed out, and the aura that erupted on the way was truly suffocating!

"Forget it, I have long wanted to compete with the first guardian, but unfortunately mine was not worth mentioning in your eyes."

"But now, it's not what it used to be!"

"Today, I'll let you know that the defeat of your guardian's men is enough to make you look up!" Yan Yan's voice just fell, and countless flames swept out of his body like a tide, instantly rendering his white hair into a A spooky brown!

Brown hair, surrounded by brown flames, set off the power of the Yan Clan Supreme Elder Yan Yan to the extreme.

Reincarnation!

And by no means is to touch reincarnation, but to truly step into reincarnation!

"The strength of this seat is profound and subtle, but it is not comparable to your reincarnation!"

"Since you dare to break into this place, let this seat stay here forever." Feng Wan'er's beautiful eyes flickered with a trace of icy cold murderous aura that could even freeze human souls, staring at Yan Yan, The temperature above the entire square plummeted, like a ten thousand year cold cave slowly taking shape.

"Boom!" Just by being stared at by Feng Wan'er, the void around Yan Yan was instantly shrouded in ice and imprisoned. Countless ice fragments emerged from the void around Yan Yan, and then they all exploded at Yan Yan's key points. Shoot away!

"Crack!"

Countless ice strands containing the power of ancient and mysterious reincarnation are enough to destroy the sky and the earth, but when piercing Yan Yan's body, this guy's body was riddled with holes and was about to fall completely. Those attacks and wounds healed in an instant!

"How is that possible?" At this moment, Xiao Yan and Su Xueying frowned, this "immortal" magic technique exhibited by Xu Shao could actually work on the reincarnation powerhouse?

Moreover, as the supreme elder of the Yan clan, Yan Yan's strength is probably enough to rank in the top three among the Yan clan. How did this guy steal his corpse?

And how to bless the "undead" sorcery on it?

You must know that Xu Shaoke is only the power of the initial stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

"It seems that you came prepared." Seeing such a strange phenomenon on Yan Yan's body, the calmness on Feng Wan'er's face also slowly disappeared, replaced by a rare dignified look!

His strength had already stepped into the third-level reincarnation, but when he crossed the fourth-level reincarnation, he failed to transcend the calamity. Heavy layers.

Otherwise, the Immortal Fighter would have endless lives. If it wasn't for the failure of transcending the tribulation, Feng Wan'er wouldn't be so old.

But now Yan Yan is only a reincarnation, but in the case of his own dark disease, he can easily deal with it, but if this guy has such a strange "undead" body, I am afraid even if It's Feng Wan'er, and there's nothing she can do!

This kind of power is unheard of, even with Feng Wan'er's experience, there are only a few people in the entire Great Thousand World who know how to control the immortal body, and it is impossible for these people to control them anyway.

"It seems that something is wrong... There seems to be a vague connection between Xu Shao and the dark red coffin, as well as these two guys?"

"Is it an illusion?" When the two were at a stalemate, Xiao Yan's soul power and eyes were looking at Xu Shao who was protected by an eight-star Douxian Perfectionist.

At this time, Xu Shao looked quite strange. A rare blood color flashed all over his body, and on his illusory forehead, there was an evil blood pattern that seemed to originate from ancient times, swallowing countless powers. At the same time, his The blood lines covered with countless blood-colored words trembled slightly. Every tremor would have a faint connection between the two coffins. In those words, there was a power that Xiao Yan hated extremely.

"Xiao...Xiao Yan." Su Xueying also saw that the current situation was extremely difficult to understand, and immediately made a low voice.

"Sigh...it's really troublesome." Xiao Yan sighed softly, venting out the overwhelming soul power.

Xiao Yan knew that between public and private, Feng Wan'er was the first guardian, and he must help, and once they were defeated, I am afraid Xu Shao would not let him go!

Exactly, the new hatred and the old hatred are counted together here today!

This time, no matter what, he couldn't let Xu Shao go. Xiao Yan always felt that the threat of Xu Shao was more terrifying than anyone in the Soul Palace!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: