Chapter 613: Mysterious man!

"Don't worry, he's fine, he just fell into a coma temporarily." Xiao Yan walked out of the competition arena, patted the dust on his palm, and said to Ling Xuan.

"Xiao Yan, what the **** are you doing!" The little witch couldn't stand it anymore, and she roared at Xiao Yan!

"what did I do?"

"I didn't do anything, I just came and didn't go indecent." Xiao Yan said helplessly, but his voice contained a clear warning.

"You must have used some shady means!"

"Senior Brother Wu is a dignified mid-stage Six-Star Dou Di, how could he be unable to hold on to a single move in your hands!" The little witch spoke sharply, obviously not believing what she saw now!

"I'm useless, aren't you clear?"

"It really doesn't work, just wait until he wakes up and ask him."

"Furthermore... the Six-Star Dou Emperor is not only found in your underground palace." Xiao Yan simply did not bother to talk to this Lingxuan, and said directly.

"You!" The little witch stomped her feet angrily!

But after a short period of anger, the little witch also calmed down!

Just now, I was deceived by Xiao Yan. Now that I think about it carefully, Xiao Yan could be on an equal footing with me before, and now it is so easy to deal with Wang Chen in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di...

"Furthermore... Six-star Dou Di is not the only one in your palace..." Ling Xuan's mouth opened slightly, Xiao Yan's words kept echoing in her mind.

"Could it be..." The next moment, the little witch's eyes became a little distracted, of course she knew what the six-star Doudi meant!

"Let's go first if there is nothing to do." Xiao Yan simply ignored the little witch.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan turned his head and said to Mu Feng.

"I didn't believe it before, but now I finally believe it." Mu Feng shook his head, and immediately saw a seductive smile on his cheeks.

"Impossible. When he entered the Fenxiang Pavilion, his strength was the perfection of the four-star Dou Emperor. Even by plane, it is impossible to break through to the six-star Dou Emperor within five years!"

"And he doesn't have any power of life and death in his body, it's impossible!" After the little witch finished speaking, her eyes became a little frightened!

If this Xiao Yan is really so powerful, I am afraid that in their palace, the only ones who can defeat Xiao Yan are the unknown senior and second senior brothers...

She shook her head suddenly, trying her best not to think about it, then Ling Xuan ran directly to the competition arena, trying to help Wang Chen up who fell into a coma!

"Ah, ah, it's burnt to death."

"What the **** did Xiao Yan do!" As soon as the little witch came to Wang Chen's side, she found that Wang Chen's body was hot and red and swollen, as if boiling water was terrifying!

"You guys, bring him back to me!" The little witch thought about it, and immediately faced the other onlookers in the test room.

Being pointed at by the little witch, the two of them couldn't run even if they wanted to, so they had to go obediently!

"No, this Xiao Yan is too weird, I have to tell Daddy!" After the little witch finished speaking, her figure flashed and disappeared instantly.

"Hehe, Xiao Yan, you don't know how relieved you were just now!"

"These people in the Hall of Humanity only have five of our disciples occupying our Hall of Humanity. They know that they are annoying us. We finally stopped bothering with them, and they went to attack the named disciples of our Hall of Humanity!" Mu Feng said indignantly. .

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But if you do this, your relationship with the Temple of the Earth will become worse invisibly."

"Also, there are disciples above the Seven-Star Dou Emperor in the Earth Palace, so our Human Palace can..." Mu Feng said with hesitation.

"Do not worry."

"The Seven Star Dou Emperor is just that. If the real fish is dead and the net is broken, I will pull him along with my life." Xiao Yan slowly raised his head and looked at the distant palace.

There are indeed a few breaths in the distant hall that make Xiao Yan feel exhausted, but Xiao Yan is not afraid of this!

"Let's go, there's such a big commotion, I'm afraid it won't be peaceful in the next few days."

"For the past few days, we'd better go out less." Mu Feng said.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed casually. The purpose of coming out today was to shock the disciples of this temple. The disciples of these temples in the province relied on their disciples to be the most ostentatious among the three temples.

As soon as the words fell, the two slowly left the competition venue and walked towards the Hall of People!

Xiao Yan believed that with the threat of this battle, those who wanted to come to this palace would not be too presumptuous, after all, the team competition was about to begin.

"Hehe, how come you are so busy today that you have time to come to me?" There are many simple wooden houses in the Heavenly Palace, but the forest path is surprisingly peaceful.

In the Temple of Heaven, on an elegant bamboo forest pavilion, an old man was sitting slowly on the pavilion, with a pot of turbid wine in front of him. He was tasting wine slowly when he suddenly saw a young man.

This man was the one who appeared in the competition field before and found that Xiao Yan was not easy.

At the same time, he is also the elder brother of the Heavenly Temple!

"Hehe, Qing Lao, can't I come and see you if I have nothing to do?" The man smiled slowly and said to the old man.

"As soon as you come here, there must be something wrong." The old man who was called young and old complained.

"Hey, Qing Lao, you can't say that. Every time I come to see you, isn't it a good thing?" The man said politely, facing the old man without hesitation.

"Let's sit down and talk." Qing Lao slowly opened his mouth and said to the man.

"How is it going?" As soon as the man sat down, the old man changed his laughter and replaced it with a hint of heaviness.

"That Xiao Yan came back, and his strength actually broke through to the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, and on him, it seems..."

"There are fluctuations of holy flame..." The man said thoughtfully word by word.

"What?" The old man heard the words, his palm suddenly exerted force, and the turbid wine in his hand shattered instantly.

"Are you sure?" the old man asked.

"It was just today that I passed by the competition arena and saw Xiao Yan and Wang Chen competing in the competition. Then Xiao Yan only used one move to knock Wang Chen into a coma..."

"Although this kid is very hidden, the moment he shot, I still noticed a slight fluctuation of holy flame The man analyzed.

"Hehe, Zhu Jin, this old guy, doesn't know what the **** is going on."

"It took a few years for the only five people in the Hall of People to ask for leave, and this Xiao Yan took five years..."

"It seems that during the time when they disappeared, the old guy Zhu Jin should have guided them to a certain place..." Qing Lao said slowly.

"Qing Lao, then this Xiao Yan..." The man hesitated, not knowing how to speak.

"Forget it, you don't need to worry about this, I'll go meet Bamboo Ember." After the old man finished speaking, he was so excited that he didn't know what to think.

"By the way, the other six people from the Heavenly Palace are almost ready to be sent out, just to experience the experience." Qing Lao suddenly remembered something and said.

"But that team competition..." The man hesitated.

"Fenxiang Pavilion can't teach them anything anymore. The rest of the way, they still have to walk by themselves."

"As the eldest, you can take them to the ghost world. It may be a good place." After the old man finished speaking, he turned into a stream of light and disappeared into the pavilion.

"The strength of this young man, I am afraid that he can rank in the top five in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion." The man was slowly surprised, and then there was a glimmer of enlightenment in his eyes. As for the young man, how could he be the dignified elder brother of the Heavenly Palace? I do not know.

"I don't know if it's right or wrong to join the Heavenly Temple with a **** head..." After the man finished speaking, he slowly shook his head, and a flash of nostalgia flashed in his eyes!

Ask for tickets!