Chapter Vol 4 2010: 9 The Seal of Reincarnation of the Profound Fire Lord!

"Xun'er..." Seeing the delicate and beautiful figure in the sky, Xiao Yan suddenly felt deeply touched in his heart.

The fog in the sky slowly dissipated, and a scorching sun hung high on the top of the mountain range. Endless glorious holy aura and scorching aura emerged. Below the scorching sun, Xun'er's figure was slowly wrapped by a golden giant cocoon!

Looking around, the golden flame above the dazzling sun actually poured into Xun'er's body, and at the center of Xun'er's eyebrows, a sun-gold pattern was slowly branded.

Silver bell-like tremors emanated from the sky. Above Xun'er's figure sitting cross-legged, the veil was graceful, as beautiful as a hibiscus emerging from water. The fluctuations spread out slowly.

Suddenly, the entire mountain range suddenly vibrated, and a huge force was like a galaxy falling into the world. The huge pressure filled everyone's heart, and people couldn't help but feel a sense of suffocation.

This kind of power is quite mysterious, like the most ancient power between heaven and earth.

"The eighth in the Holy Flame Ranking, the Nine Mysteries Chongmingyan." Xiao Yan also said with relief, since Xun'er was fine, he could feel at ease.

"Nine Profound Chongmingyan...how is that possible?" But unlike Xiao Yan, Peerless Heavenly Emperor's eyes shrank tightly, and an unparalleled throbbing swept out from the bottom of his heart.

"Jiu Xuan Chong Mingyan is one of the four major holy flames in the beginning of chaos. It is comparable to the top three holy flames, because it is the Lord of Nine Profound Fire and because the nine golden crows are its true form."

"It is said that in ancient times, the first-generation controller of the Nine Profound Chongming Flame, the Lord of the Nine Profound Fire, only relied on his own innate power, and with the addition of the Nine Profound Chongmingyan, he successfully cultivated the nine golden crows without losing any strength. People, even in the rank of reincarnation, can be called the peak of existence..." Xiao Yan looked at the scorching sun of holy flame above the sky, and his heart was shaking.

I have been exhausted and exhausted, and I have experienced countless life and death junctures, and I have only harvested five holy flames, and the ranking of the five holy flames is still quite low. The holy flames on the left and right are average, but Xun'er actually relies on the inheritance of the ancient clan, the heritage of the ancient clan, and directly obtained the eighth-ranked holy flame?

This made Xiao Yan quite a bit unhappy. Excluding these, the inheritance of the holy flame of the Xiao clan is somewhat inferior. Even with the addition of Mu Yingying, Yan Chi, and Su Xueying, the inheritance of the holy flame of the Xiao clan is better than that of the ancient clan. too far behind...

And what puzzled Xiao Yan the most was that the Xiao Clan was like a giant in the world, how could it be so much worse than the Ancient Clan?

"Xiao Yan, do it!"

"With your holy flame, help Xun'er to devour the Golden Crow!" After the breath, the shock on the face of the Peerless Heavenly Emperor turned into a rare smile, and a rapid roar swept out.

"Okay!" Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded lightly, as if he had sensed something. The golden scorching sun and the golden lines on Xun'er's eyebrows seemed to have some kind of special connection.

"Weng buzzing!" Without any explanation, the dazzling amber rock soul fire spread out all over Xiao Yan's body in an instant, and a figure wrapped in flames kicked hard with the help of the void, and suddenly went towards the top of the mountain.

"Clang!" Even with the blessing of Holy Flame, the operation of Fen Jue, Xiao Yan's speed was suppressed a lot, but fortunately, Xiao Yan successfully reached the top of the mountain.

"Xun'er..." Just after arriving at the top of the mountain, the tyrannical pressure of the holy flame and the terrifying temperature caused Xiao Yan's face to change slightly, but Xiao Yan still gritted his teeth and walked towards Xun'er step by step.

Xiao Yan always felt that Xun'er now seemed to have entered some kind of special state, and all of this was probably related to the scorching sun above the sky.

"Pfft!" With a sound, a trace of golden flames scattered above the scorching sun and shot vertically towards Xiao Yan. For a while, countless conspicuous scars appeared on Xiao Yan's body.

"Tear it!" Once again, the golden flames turned into golden crows that roared violently, and roared away at Xiao Yan. Even if the Amber Rock Soul Fire resisted hard, it would be wiped out and swallowed by it after the breath. clean.

Without any protection, Xiao Yan's body was directly exposed to the air, and then subjected to the most deadly roasting of the Nine Profound Chongming Flames, his body was tense, and circles of blood red appeared on the skin, but Xiao Yan did not care. Care, among his eyes, only Xun'er who is close to Chi Chi in front of him!

"Senior, the holy flame on Xiao Yan's body is not enough to resist Jiu Xuan Chong Ming Yan. If this continues, he will die." Gu Yuan said with a bit of heartache, his eyes couldn't help but look at the sky with reddened eyes. Whether it was Xiao Yan or Xun'er, he didn't want to see anything, after all, the palms and backs of the hands were full of flesh.

"Don't worry, since they are husband and wife, then this kind of thing must be done by them themselves." Peerless Heavenly Emperor narrowed his eyes slightly, and immediately stared at the scorching sun above the sky, and said quite mysteriously.

"Crash!" Countless golden golden crows attacked Xiao Yan, even if it caused extremely serious wounds, but under Xiao Yan's unafraid of death, coupled with the power of immortality and immortality in Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan Yan came to Xun'er easily as if nothing happened.

"Silly girl, thank you for your hard work." Just came to the golden giant cocoon, looking at Xun'er wrapped in the golden giant cocoon, breathing one after another, the alluring pink lips were swallowed, and a trace of golden flame was swallowed by it .

"Do you remember that I once told you that among the ancient clan, there is a supreme elder who is only in name?" After Shunxi, the Peerless Heavenly Emperor said.

"You mean... the supreme power who once used his own strength to quell the turmoil of the entire ancient seven clans? The first-generation master of Jiu Xuan Chong Mingyan, Jiu Xuan Huo Master?" At this moment, Gu Yuan's pupils shrank suddenly. , An indescribable shock swept through the body.

"It's alright, I'm afraid this girl has already awakened the Nine Profound Fire Lord, and I can only rely on them for the rest." Peerless Heavenly Emperor clenched his fist tightly and couldn't help muttering.

"This is... a mark of reincarnation?" In an instant, Xiao Yan's heart beat violently as he approached the distance. When his eyes were fixed on Xun'er's eyebrows, a sense of loss of voice and numbness on his scalp swept across. whole body!

"Reincarnation Seal, Jiu Xuan Chong Ming, nine Golden Crows."

"Everything is silent, Jinwu appears, Jiu Xuansheng!" One after another ancient Sanskrit sound, like the ancient overlord of the chaotic world at the beginning of the world, slowly emerged.

"Boom!" The Sanskrit sound appeared, Xiao Yan's body was instantly bounced off dozens of meters, and the holy flames on his body were directly absorbed by the scorching sun in the sky. In an instant, the nine golden crows spread their wings like rocs, and stretched out in the sky!

"嘁嘁嘁!" The strange roaring voice has surpassed the world, above all things. After the breath, the nine golden crows flew towards Xun'er's eyebrows from an extremely strange angle!

"Pfft!" With a sound, the nine unstoppable Golden Crows slowly drowned in Xun'er's eyebrows, and a wave of extreme fluctuations slowly emerged.

That is the nine-color golden pattern formed by the nine golden crows, and it is also the inheritance of the supreme power of the ancient times, the Nine Profound Fire Lord, reincarnation!

Xun'er actually obtained the reincarnation seal of the ancient super strong when inheriting the holy flame, which was absolutely unexpected for the three present.

And as the holy flame and Samsara were completely absorbed, Xun'er frowned slightly, and the slender jade hand wriggled slightly, which was obviously a sign of waking up.

Chapter List