Chapter Vol 4 1116: Qingniu Tianmu!

"This Yinyuetan is really mysterious."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"From a distance, there are poisonous lakes everywhere, but when you look at it, it becomes a beautiful paradise."

"It's approaching evening, and it's estimated that the moon will appear all over the place in the near future. Only then can Yinyue Tan Yinyue Tan be able to truly reflect the moon." Lei Shi saw that many of the strong men around him had stopped, and he immediately responded. Yinyuetan spoke slightly behind her back.

"The Yu family and the Qing family are here..."

"The three major families of Ghost King City are gathered together, I am afraid this Yinyue Tan can be jointly opened by the three of them."

"Let's just wait quietly." Some figures couldn't help muttering as they watched the three families gather.

"Xiao Yan, you'd better pray that it doesn't fall into my hands, otherwise this emperor will definitely ask you to survive, but not to die." Yu Quan just saw the figures of the Qing family, and the corners of his mouth suddenly turned gloomy. Get up and curse.

"I hope you don't fall into my hands, otherwise you will feel better." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was naturally unwilling to be outdone and responded.

Although Yu Quan's strength is terrifying, it is far from the point where Xiao Yan is taboo. After all, Xiao Yan's body is a fierce beast of flame and two holy flames, adding the soul power of the peak of the **** realm, even if he can't beat him, It is not a problem to want to escape.

"Just be brave, you will feel better in a while." Yu Quan left a sentence directly, and then walked away to the edge of the Yinyuetan.

"Brother Xiao Yan, be careful, this Yu Quan is an insidious villain, he is particularly vengeful, and his strength is not low." Qing Wen, who was beside him, spoke slowly.

However, what surprised Xiao Yan was that even in the face of Yu Quan, who was as powerful as a fighting fairy, Qing Wen did not show any fear. Obviously, he should have something to rely on.

"Since the troops have already arrived, let's enter Yinyuetan." Looking at the dozens of powerful and powerful men around him, Yu Quan looked back and said lightly.

"Entering Yinyuetan?"

"Isn't this courting death?"

"The soul beast in the Yinyue Tan is so powerful, I'm afraid we can't handle it." Seeing Yu Quan speaking, some strong men couldn't help but back off.

Although they all knew that the legendary Ghost Moon Well was in this Yinyuetan, the mysterious and powerful soul beast in this Yinyuetan made them timid.

"Don't worry, that soul beast of Yingyuetan, our Lei Qingyu family will naturally deal with it." Yu Quan opened his mouth and seemed to sense the fear of these powerhouses.

"You said yes?"

"Lei's Lei Shi, Qing's Qing document." Yu Quan had just finished speaking to the other powerhouses when he turned his head and said to the two of them.

"The strategy is good, use the crowd to suppress us."

"If it wasn't for the thing in Yinyue Tan, I, Lei Shi, would not have cooperated with a sinister villain like you." Seeing Yu Quan like this, Lei Shi's figure moved slowly and laughed loudly.

"Let's go." And Qing Wen also smiled and smiled.

"You two, stay here."

"Let's go!" As soon as Qing Wen's voice fell, he immediately brought Qing'er, Xiao Yan, and a group of three people into the Yinyue Tan.

And other Lei Shi, Yu Quan and some powerhouses who had reached the peak level of Dou Di also followed suit.

"Strange." As soon as he poured into Yinyuetan, Xiao Yan suddenly felt a rather mysterious aura in his body, as if he was about to burst out of the ground.

That kind of aura was cyan, but it was not the power of flame. On the contrary, it was more like Xiao Yan's alchemist, with a faint wood attribute mixed with the fire attribute.

"Brother Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Seeing Xiao Yan being a little absent-minded, Qing Wen couldn't help but ask.

"I'm fine."

"However, this Moonlight Tan is quite mysterious." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"This Yinyuetan has a long history."

"It is said that Yinyuetan is a mysterious place that was created when the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast broke through the immortal battle, which attracted immortal calamities and successfully passed through."

"It looks like Yingyue, but in fact, there are already poisonous lakes everywhere, and there are many mysterious places, which are very dangerous." Qing Wen said.

"I said, stop dawdling with the three of you, hurry up and leave." Seeing that the three powerhouses of Lei Qingyu had just poured into the Yinyuetan, they were suspended in the air and did not set foot on the water of the Yinyuetan. Instead, they stood quietly in the air, and some strong people were immediately dissatisfied and said.

"Shabu Shabu!" The man's face showed a burst of impatience, and just after he finished speaking, a rushing sound of breaking wind slowly came to him, killing him instantly.

The terrifying cyan hurricane strangled the figure without any scum left.

"Huhuhu."

"If you don't want to hunt for treasure, just go straight and leave." Yu Quan shot in an instant, killing the figure with a thunderous force, and all the other powerhouses suddenly had their throats dry and hoarse. Do not hesitate.

When the Qing family and Lei Shi saw this, they also shook their heads.

The reason why they didn't act the first time was because they were looking for the trace of Qingniu Tianmu.

"I found it." After a while, Qing Wen's voice slowly echoed.

"Be careful!" As soon as Qing Wen's voice fell, a huge water column with a shocking water flow shot directly at it.

"Bang bang bang!" The water column hit the position of Qing Wen with a huge force, but fortunately Xiao Yan was quick-witted and pushed it away, the water column also fluttered. null.

"Brother Xiao Yan, thank you very much." And Qing Wen didn't expect it to be so dangerous just now, so he couldn't help saying.

"It's too early to thank you." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he was currently staring at the water below.

"That beast has appeared..." And some figures couldn't help muttering when they saw such a tyrannical attack.

"Since you don't dare to move, then let my Yu family make this early bird." After Yu Quan finished speaking, his figure swept away, his speed exploded, and his entire body suddenly burst out with cyan fighting energy, and swept away towards the water surface.

"Why is this guy so impatient..." And Lei Shi couldn't help muttering while watching Yu Quan's abnormal movements.

The Yu family has always been a sinister villain who only acts for his own benefit. If he is so eager to act on Qingniu Tianmu, it is probably enough to show that there is probably something in this Qingniu Tianmu that can attract him.

"This **** actually knows about the Qingniu Tianmu..." And Xiao Yan couldn't help roaring when he saw the Yu family like this, the Tianmu of the Qingniu Tianmu, Xiao Yan is bound to win, if it is captured by the Yu family After leaving, I am afraid that my wood attribute will inspire hopelessness.

"Do it!" Looking at each other, Xiao Yan and Qing Wenxian immediately burst into motion, catching up with Yu Quan in an instant.

"Crash!" When the three powerhouses of Lei Qingyu attacked the water surface, the water surface began to twist under the eyes of everyone, and then a huge monster came into the eyes of everyone.