Chapter Vol 4 1116: Soul power in the middle stage of Taixu!

"Lingchi?" Xiao Yan was relieved when he saw this scene, but only muttered slightly.

"Lord... how did you do that?" Suddenly, in the void of the ghost cemetery, the illusory body of the Soul Eater and the figure of the Queen of Ghosts appeared at the same time, and the Queen of Ghosts said in shock.

"When the Lord of Souls attacked our Soul Eater Domain, I was plotted by them, which caused my source to be injured, so I could only follow the tide and leave Soul Eater Domain, but fortunately, I was met by this little guy halfway, so I was taken care of by this guy along the way. Reluctantly regained some strength." Looking at the red-clothed figure in front of him, the Soul Eater opened his mouth slightly, his voice full of vicissitudes.

"Lord...it's great that you're fine." The Queen of Ghosts was also excited when she heard the Master of Soul Eater make such an understatement.

"Lingchi, because of me, our Soul Eater Domain suffered heavy losses during the war. I'm ashamed of you." Seeing Lingchi being so loyal in front of him, the Soul Eater Lord couldn't help shaking his head and said.

"Lord, you are wrong."

"In the ghost world, there is no second person who knows the righteousness like you, so even if we disappear, we are still willing."

"This time, we, Soul Eater Domain, must pay Li Soul Domain!" Suddenly, looking at the Soul Eater Lord in front of her, the Queen of Ghosts spoke hotly.

The Queen of Ghosts was originally a strong man in Soul Eater, but in that war, she was captured by the strong man in Li Soul Territory, so because of the particularity of their own strength, it was difficult to be easily obliterated. In the past, the ghosts of Ice and Fire Island were generally sealed and suppressed in some places in Li Soul Territory.

"This is my fourth disciple, Xiao Yan... He is a member of the Xiao family." After a while, the Soul Eater slowly looked at Xiao Yan and smiled.

"The fourth disciple?" The Queen of Ghosts was shocked when she heard the words.

Who is the Lord of Soul Eater? This is the real power of Soul Eater in the entire ghost world. It is enough to rank among the supreme people in the Great Thousand World. To be accepted as a disciple by such a power is enough to show the talent of this guy. .

"Xiao...Xiao Clan?" Suddenly, as the Soul Eater opened his mouth, the Ghost Queen couldn't help covering her mouth and nose with her jade hand through the veil and lost her voice.

Xiao Clan!

These two words seem to contain some kind of special magic that shocked the countless powerhouses in the entire Great Thousand World.

The word Xiao Clan is enough to represent the existence close to the peak of the Great Thousand World. However, in the Great Thousand World, the Xiao Clan are also many allies who will never die, and some mortal enemies against them, but fortunately, in the Soul Eater Domain Most of the powerhouses in the group have a good relationship with the Xiao clan.

"This little guy, I can't tell that the details are so mysterious... But hasn't the Xiao family disappeared now?" After a moment of shock, the ghost queen also recovered her calm.

"This time, we entered the Earth Spirit Pagoda to restore my source power... Soon, it should be the day when our Soul Eater Domain and Li Soul Domain will really declare war." The next moment, the voice of the Soul Eater Lord was like divine punishment. General majesty is lowered.

"Lord... the battle between the two domains, this is a big event, it can't be sloppy, and..." Hearing the words of the Soul Eater, the Queen of Ghosts couldn't help but hurriedly said.

The most urgent task now is to restore the power of the Lord of Soul Eater, so that he can safely **** him back to the Soul Eater Domain. After some sorting out, it will not be too late to return for revenge in the future.

"Don't worry, Ni Er has taken some of the main force of our Soul Eater Domain to secretly go here..."

"The prestige of our Soul Eater Territory must be washed with blood by the powerhouses of Li Soul Territory!" The majestic voice emerged like thunder.

"Lord... Shengming." Seeing that Soul Eater was so confident, the Ghost Queen immediately said respectfully.

"For now, I'd better give this little guy some strength. After all, the rest of the Earth Spirit Pagoda can only rely on him." After their brief conversation, the Soul Eater said.

"Little guy, come here." Hearing the Master Soul Eater speak, the Queen Ghost's voice softened, staring at Xiao Yan and said.

"Sister Lingchi, hehe..." Seeing the Queen of Ghosts being so kind, Xiao Yan also laughed. Obviously, this guy was suppressed in the Earth Spirit Pagoda by the powerhouses of Li Soul Domain. Naturally, he has gained a lot of treasures over the years.

"The mouth is quite sweet..."

"According to the rules of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, my power can only be obtained by defeating me, but since you are the fourth disciple of the master, then I can break the line for you once!" The Queen of Ghosts laughed.

"Boom!" With a sound, an incomparably majestic tide of soul spread out from the feet of the ghost queen, and immediately swept the entire ghost cemetery.

"Lord... Please dodge first, I will block the perception of the strong in the Earth Spirit Academy, otherwise you will be leaked." After a while, the Queen of Ghosts said slowly.

"En." With a sound, the Soul Eater's body rushed back into Xiao Yan's body.

"Crash!" The Soul Eater had just disappeared, and suddenly, in the ghost cemetery, countless gray and white tombstones exploded suddenly, and a wave of unspeakable terrifying fluctuations suddenly exploded, and in these tombstones, a trace of essence Pure power gathered towards the center, and at the same time, something seemed to be cut off on the first floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda.

"The first floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda... the ghost cemetery."

"I remember that this is the residence of the Queen of Ghosts. Why was the connection suddenly cut off?"

"These powerhouses in Soul Eater have become more and more restless recently. Is it a sign that something major has happened?" The young man with the broom slowly opened his mouth and wondered.

This guy's strength is extremely obscure, but very few people know that this guy is the vice president of the earth courtyard.

"Weng Om!" After a few minutes, in the entire ghost cemetery, countless gray and white tombstones turned into powder, and the land became smooth, but on the only red tombstone that existed at the top of the ghost cemetery, there was a A pale blue light pill slowly appeared.

"This is the source of the ghost... The ghost is similar to the soul body, you can directly absorb it and break through the soul power of the mid-term peak of 'Tai Xu'. The opening said, obviously in order to condense this thing, it consumes a lot of power.

"Thank you." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he didn't refuse, he just stood cross-legged in the void, and the source of the ghost was swallowed directly. Immediately, one after another of pure soul power was strung directly into his spiritual palace, facing the ninth-floor spiritual palace. The second layer is filled up.

"This is the power of devouring... You can't expose it now. When the horn blows, you can easily crack the suppression here by using it."

"In addition, with your soul power, you should be able to contact some of the powerhouses in our Soul Eater Domain. No matter where they are, as long as they can be contacted, they can be rescued this time. In this battle, we It's impossible to lose." Seeing Xiao Yan absorbing soul power, the Soul Eater immediately said.

"My subordinates take orders." The Soul Eater and the Queen of Ghosts were intensively planning, and Xiao Yan's second-floor spiritual palace was constantly being filled, and his soul power also peaked from the middle stage of "Tai Xu". Step into the later stage of "Tai Xu" slowly.