Chapter Vol 4 1338: The test begins!

"Senior...that is?" With the disappearance of the soul space, Xiao Yan immediately asked.

"President of the Alchemist Association, a guy who is extremely troublesome in strength and soul, but is extremely partial to his precious disciple. According to this situation, it seems that he wants to use his strength to let his disciple and you before the test. Fight, so as to find out your details, or completely defeat you, so that you will take the initiative to admit defeat and lose your confidence in the competition."

"After all, among the many contestants in this second stage, you are the only one who can make these guys feel the pressure." Duan Tianhong's voice slowly sounded in Xiao Yan's mind.

"Don't worry, although Yun Qi has a good talent, you are not much worse than her. I am looking forward to your competition." Du Tianhong finished speaking and slowly disappeared.

"Yun Qi?" Xiao Yan also nodded vaguely, but no matter how arrogant the opponent was, Xiao Yan would naturally not give away the reward for the first place in the second stage.

"Master, what happened just now..." In Leicheng, Yun Qi raised her eyebrows and asked her master, just now she had clearly used a soul attack, and the next moment she was able to fight Xiao Yan, but she was interrupted. .

"This guy Xiao Yan is also a member of our Alchemist Association, and I don't know what identity this guy is, so he can be so valued by Duo Tianhong..." The president of the Alchemist Association wondered.

"Forget it, rest in peace, the competition is about to start." The next moment, the two of them finished speaking, but they didn't continue talking.

After a night of silence, it was the next day in a blink of an eye.

"Finally, it's time for the second stage to officially start the competition." On this day, Xiao Yan got up early, went directly to call the three girls, and then walked towards the competition ground.

"Fei'er is there too?" Just brought Yu Ran Ran to Liu Qing's residence, and immediately found that Liu Qing and Du Qifei were talking and laughing. Obviously, after Du Qifei completely absorbed the token of reincarnation, there was not much obvious happening. The change.

Invisibly, it means that the time for reincarnation to wake up is still early.

"Let's go, let's go together. I don't want to participate in the second stage of the soul test, but I really want to see how the battle between soul powers is like." Du Qifei smiled slightly, her eyes full of beauty. A trace of curiosity, apparently all day long inside the Thunder Valley, made her feel fresh about many things.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan also laughed when he saw Du Qifei's normal appearance.

After a while, the four of them came out of the bamboo garden in a group.

"There are only so few figures in the second stage of the competition?" Xiao Yan suddenly wondered when he saw that he was wandering outside the bamboo garden waiting for the competition.

You must know that the first stage of the individual competition was attended by tens of thousands of people, and even more than a hundred arenas were used. The scale was the first time Xiao Yan had seen in his life. Compared with the personal competition, this soul competition was , is tantamount to insignificant, because the number of people who signed up seems to be less than one-tenth of the first stage.

"That guy should be the strongest opponent in this soul competition." After a while, Du Qi Feiyu raised her hand slightly and pointed at a veiled figure in front of the crowd.

"Yun Qi and Hua Fei from the Alchemist Association..." Xiao Yan also laughed when he looked at the man and woman.

However, for some unknown reason, he was vaguely hostile to the president of the Alchemist Association and Yun Qi, but on the contrary, he continued to like Hua Fei and Tan Chen.

"Xiao Yan?"

"His strength seems to have improved a lot again." Hua Fei naturally discovered Xiao Yan, and just wanted to say hello to Xiao Yan, but looked at Qian Ying beside him and suppressed his thoughts.

"Welcome all of you to participate in this competition." The next moment, a white-haired old man appeared slowly, and then spoke to the dozens of people.

"The soul of the knife-forging Thunder Valley..." When Liu Qing saw the emptiness of the old man, he immediately frowned, obviously feeling a tyrannical pressure from it.

"Soul of Wonderland, this guy is not a fuel-efficient lamp." After saying a word helplessly, everyone became quiet and waited for the old man to announce the start of the game.

"Today is the second stage, the day of the soul competition, and the old man is the soul of the knife-forging Thunder Valley, and the person in charge of this competition, Lei He." The coercion of the soul suppressed many people present.

"Senior Lei He, is it time to announce the start of the competition?" The next moment, the tulle Qianying Yunqi gently wriggled the corners of her mouth, and then said, obviously very annoyed by this boring waiting.

【】 "Hey, this time, the little doll is really impatient."

"But before the competition starts, I would like to advise you all."

"The sword has no eyes in the soul competition. If it loses its origin or falls in the competition, it is understandable... So everyone should think twice." Lei He said softly with an old and cunning look.

"This guy…"

"Soul competition is so dangerous, or we retreat..."

"Reserve the strength to deal with the third stage, otherwise in the second stage, if it fails, I'm afraid..." Some experts with insufficient soul power in the fairyland also spoke slightly, and their voices were full of fear. It affects their future achievements, so they dare not take such a risk to compete.

"If it's decided, then come with me." As soon as the voice fell, Lei He body suddenly, a circle of white and transparent soul power gently spread out like ripples, immediately wrapped his figure, and then formed a space channel . UU reading www.uukanshu. com

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Let's go."

"The next should be a duel between the strong." Liu Qing smiled slightly, and then without any fear, the four jumped directly into it.

"What a huge arena." Just after entering the space passage, Xiao Yan and the others saw a huge arena with a radius of several thousand meters appearing in front of everyone. The arena was perfected by the dazzling soul power everywhere. The isolation is like a natural battle saint, obviously this is the venue for this competition.

"Then the second stage of the soul test will begin."

"All the contestants came forward to draw lots."

"Draw lots on the right under Soul Power Wonderland, and draw lots on the left for those with Soul Power in Wonderland."

"This battle is divided into two battles, which are transformed into soul power. The upper and lower fairyland are each a war zone. There will be five promotion places under the fairyland, and five places will be competed for the same above the fairyland."

"Come on." Lei He's fiery voice echoed in this huge arena.

"Finally... Has it started?" Xiao Yan also smiled slightly, then separated from the three daughters, and slowly drew lots towards his side.

Yu Ran Ran and Liu Qing's soul power is close to the fairyland, but they haven't reached the fairyland yet, so it is natural to draw lots on the right side. As for Du Qifei, she just came to watch the play.

Don't look at the fact that there are only dozens of people in this second stage, but the battle between soul powers will be wonderful.