Chapter 587: The origin of Fire Heart Tianyan, Heart Rock!

Xiao Yan stared at the Saint Yanjing that exuded a barren aura in his hand, and a wry smile appeared.

Since I came to this Doudi Continent for so long, I finally found the first holy flame!

"Xiao Yi, if you can't wait for me, then leave first. I have to swallow this Fire Heart Heavenly Rock!" Xiao Yan also understood the value of the Holy Flame Crystal in his hand, so he didn't want to delay his speech!

This holy flame crystal is the root of holy flame. Only with the approval of holy flame crystal can it devour holy flame, otherwise everything is nonsense!

Moreover, this holy flame, no matter where it is placed in the outside world, will attract countless strong people to go crazy for it!

"Okay!" Xiao Yi and Mu Yingying looked at each other and immediately understood what Xiao Yan meant, and then spoke slowly.

"Boy, this Huoxin Tianyan is extremely stubborn by nature. Even if it is approved by Sheng Yanjing, it is not easy to control. You will swallow it before you can control your heart, otherwise..." Yan instructed Xiao Yan.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed softly, and immediately took out several medicinal herbs that had been prepared for a long time!

Except for Na Xusheng Dan, the three things that must be used to devour the holy flames, the other two have already been prepared.

Just after taking out all the materials for Xu Shengdan, Xiao Yan glanced at Sheng Yanjing, which had dimmed but contained world-destroying power in the palm of his hand.

"What are you doing?" Yan asked inexplicably.

"Refining medicinal pills and swallowing holy flames is no joke, you must be fully prepared." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

Although the holy flame is already in his hands, he must not be careless.

"You brat, this holy flame used to be a member of your Xiao clan, so now you don't have to use so many things, just swallow them directly." Yan smiled slowly.

"This..." Xiao Yan suddenly stared at the Saint Flame Crystal in his hand in amazement.

"Let's begin, I have already forced all the source power of the holy flame into the holy flame crystal."

"You just need this..." Yan said slowly to Xiao Yan.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard the words, according to what this Yan said, it should be feasible.

"As for you guys, follow me to another place to practice for a while." Yan finished speaking, and directly took Xiao Yi Muyingying and those who were in a state of cultivation and disappeared to the top of the desert mountain range, obviously going somewhere else The place!

"Since that's the case... let's start!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded slightly, and there was a fiery heat in his pupils!

"Spirit of Fire Heart Heavenly Rock, come out." Xiao Yan said lightly as the top of the desert mountain range calmed down.

"..." Xiao Yan's voice echoed in the top of this desert mountain range for a long time, but what responded to Xiao Yan was only his own echo.

"His grandma's." Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning and cursed.

Then Xiao Yan raised the holy flame crystal in his hand, and suddenly wrapped it away with the power of strange fire!

"Wow!" The next moment, a terrifying voice suddenly burst out from the holy flame crystal in Xiao Yan's hand!

The originally bleak and colorless Saint Flame Crystal suddenly burst out with a dazzling khaki flame and dispersed, and after a while, it directly wrapped the top layer of the entire desert mountain range!

What was reflected in Xiao Yan's pupils was the huge body of thousands of feet condensed by the power of the khaki holy flame, which made people look very shocking at first glance!

Above the khaki-yellow flames, layers of rock-solid rocks envelop it. With such a terrifying defensive power, even Xiao Yi can't help but feel exhausted!

"Is this the body of Huoxin Tianyan..." Xiao Yan stared at the behemoth in front of him, Fen Jue in the depths of his heart trembled violently, and Xiao Yan's body couldn't help but get excited!

"I didn't expect it to be you..." The top layer of the entire desert mountain range was wrapped in circles of khaki-yellow holy flame power, and the barren and heavy aura permeated the entire mountain range, but it was located in the flames of thousands of meters, and a line about touching the baby A large and small figure suddenly appeared in the sky, and then Huoxin Tianyan slowly opened his mouth on the conditions, and the voice was extremely vicissitudes.

Then, it is the origin of Huoxin Tianyan!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The top layer of the entire desert mountain range was enveloped by the power of the khaki-yellow holy flame, Xiao Yan suddenly felt the pressure greatly increased, the barren aura above the holy flame permeated, and Xiao Yan was shocked.

"Kid, Yan has already told me about you. With the approval of Sheng Yanjing, this emperor can follow you, but you are too weak, if you want to rely on me..." Huo Xintian Yan said with some doubtful voice.

"This Fire Heart Tianyan is stubborn."

"Never mind!" With a cold snort, Long Yi, who was in the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind Xiao Yan, instantly appeared with a huge body, and then walked away to the Fire Heart Tianyan in the sky!

"Human?" The baby-sized Huoxin Tianyan immediately noticed Long Yi's movements, and immediately turned his eyes in surprise.

It was a baby whose whole body was condensed by the power of the khaki holy flame. The whole body exuded a desolate aura, but only those khaki eyes were particularly eye-catching!

"Xiao Yan!" Long Yi shouted at Xiao Yan when he saw that his attack was blocked!

"Leave it to me!" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he gritted his teeth, and a drop of blood essence in his body emerged from between his brows.

"Hope Yan don't lie to me!" He said in a low voice, then Xiao Yan's whole body burned to the limit, the blood essence in his hand contained terrifying power, and he went towards the source power of Fire Heart Tianyan above the sky!

"This is... a very familiar fluctuation." Huo Xin Tianyan stopped Long Yi at will, and then calmly looked at Xiao Yan who was whistling towards him.

For some reason, Huoxin Tianyan actually felt a long-lost reunion from the bright red blood in Xiao Yan's hand.

"Go!" Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, and directly raised the blood in his hands to the top of his head with both hands, and smashed it towards the source of Fire Heart Tianyan not far away!

"This is..." In an instant, the blood essence was ingeniously received in front of him by Huoxin Tianyan Immediately, the doubts in Huoxin Tianyan's heart were immediately melted away by the blood essence!

"People from the Xiao Clan!" Huoxin Tianyan's surprised voice suddenly echoed in the sky, like a thunderstorm.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Elder Long, come back." After Xiao Yan finished all this, he spoke directly, and then, ignoring the source of Huoxin Tianyan who was still in surprise, he stopped directly not far from the source of Huoxin Tianyan.

To mobilize the blood of the Xiao family in the body, for Xiao Yan, the load is extremely large.

"I hope you won't let me down..." Xiao Yan knew that if this holy flame refused to accept himself, the swallowing process would be extremely dangerous. In addition to what Yan just said, this Huoxin Tianyan has some origins with their Xiao clan, so The blood essence should be able to convince Sheng Yan greatly, Xiao Yan made a rash move, but fortunately he succeeded.

"Well, since that's the case, then this Emperor is believing in you once!"

"Xiao Mu, since this person belongs to your Xiao clan, I believe that the day I will see you again."

"The day when I see you again, this emperor will definitely ask, why did you abandon this emperor on that day!" A roaring voice suddenly emerged from the mouth of Huoxin Tianyan, and then the Huoxin Tianyanben Yuan laughed loudly and devoured the blood essence directly!

Immediately above the Fire Heart Tianyan Fire Infant, something like the clan lines on Xiao Yan's forehead loomed out!

After a while, the source of Fire Heart Tianyan didn't hesitate, turned into a stream of light, and flew towards Xiao Yan's body!

Ask for tickets!