Chapter 637: rainbow team

"Oh, there are so many bugs here..."

"It's so humid here..."

"It's so hot here..." Along the way, Xiao Yan and the four kept paving the way for Lingxuan, but all they heard along the way were Lingxuan's complaints.

"Oh little auntie, we are here to complete a mission this time, not for a vacation, please be a little more conscious, okay?" Mu Feng couldn't help saying.

"Humph!"

"How dare you talk to me like that, do you know who my father is?"

"Do you know who I am?" Ling Xuan said to Mu Feng with her hands on her hips.

"Damn, this person is so troublesome, do you want to throw it into the mud pond..." Mu Feng's eyes flickered slightly, looking at Xiao Yan.

"Cough, cough, cough." Xiao Yan heard the words and coughed a few times with malicious intent.

Seeing this, Mu Feng immediately walked over to Lingxuan and smirked: "Little auntie, it's not my fault."

After Mu Feng finished speaking, she was just about to start, but unexpectedly, Ling Xuan suddenly rioted, and an invisible grudge spread instantly, looking at Mu Feng vigilantly.

"Okay, let's hurry up and use less vindictiveness." Xiao Yan and Mu Feng's eyes just wanted to rectify this Lingxuan a little bit, otherwise it will definitely affect the next mission more or less. To this guy indiscriminately direct action.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Humph." Ling Xuan looked at the mud pond not far from her, obviously a little angry. If she entered such a dirty place, then...

Lingxuan felt uncomfortable just thinking about it.

"Luoling Mountain is very dangerous, everyone be careful." The dramatic scene just appeared, causing Lingxuan to be incompatible with the team at this time. As for Lvdi and Mu Yingying, they nodded slightly, apparently tacitly acquiescing to Xiao Yan. practice.

After all, if this Lingxuan has always maintained this aloof appearance, then for them, this task will only be more difficult.

"Hmph, Xiao Yan, I will definitely ask my father to show you a good look when you go out this time." Ling Xuan still said angrily, obviously holding a grudge that Xiao Yan wanted to throw her into the mud pond.

"Is there any movement?" Xiao Yan didn't pay attention to Ling Xuan's abuse at all, and then the huge soul force continued to emerge and probed in all directions.

However, what makes Xiao Yan feel strange is that the scope of this Luoling Mountain is probably very large, and even in Xiao Yan's perception, there is a large space of hundreds of thousands.

The huge area of ​​hundreds of thousands has also created the dangers of this Luoling Mountain.

"What's the matter?" Mu Yingying stepped forward slightly and spoke to Xiao Yan.

Among the five people here, if the light theory probes perception, I am afraid that no one can match Xiao Yan. After all, Xiao Yan is a genuine alchemist, and his rank is not low.

"It's alright." Xiao Yan said casually, then his eyes moved slightly, and he slowly walked towards the front. As for Mu Yingying and the others, they continued to follow, but Xiao Yan noticed that there were hundreds of meters behind them. There seems to be some movement in the place.

"Damn, how can this person's perception be so powerful?" A few hundred meters behind Xiao Yan and the others, a figure slowly emerged from behind the trees.

At the foot of the figure, a branch is slowly appearing, but it seems to have been trampled into powder.

This figure is also very puzzled. Originally, he was responsible for tracking Xiao Yan's team to hide his whereabouts and did a good job, but where did he think that it was because of his own negligence that he stepped on this twig, and the slightest sound was made Xiao Yan noticed something.

"Forget it, the overall strength of this team is not bad. Although there are some Lingxuan's strength in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, I think this little witch is not that difficult to deal with. In addition to the other one who has just stepped into the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. The woman and the two late-stage Five-Star Dou Di people want to come to this team." The figure on the branch said, slowly disappearing.

"Wait a minute." Xiao Yan always pays attention to the figure on the branch, because Xiao Yan's huge soul force has already locked it down. Once the figure has any plans or actions, Xiao Yan will not hesitate to launch an attack. .

"What's the matter?" Mu Yingying realized that something was wrong with Xiao Yan after Xiao Yan said that there was some movement. Now that she said that, she was even more sure of what she was thinking.

"That person is gone." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Who?" Ling Xuan asked half-answered.

"I think, we seem to be being watched." Xiao Yan immediately spoke slightly.

"Is being targeted?" Mu Feng immediately frowned when he heard the words, because although Mu Feng has a big heart, he is still a thoughtful person, so naturally he would not naively think that this task is just a task.

"It seems that although this mission is the main theme, it will still add various seasonings to us." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, but the meaning contained in his voice was obvious.

"It seems that someone is going to do something to me." Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes moved slightly, although she vaguely discovered that they were being targeted by the power of the holy flame in her body, but she was not specific about the mysterious person. The location is not very clear, but he did not expect Xiao Yan to be so terrifying in front of him.

"Take one step at a time." Xiao Yan heard the words, and the huge soul power spread out immediately, and then led a few people forward, and the exploration with soul power opened the way. Xiao Yan and the others almost avoided most of the dead beasts along the way. As for The individual dead beasts were fled by Xiao Yan and the others on the principle of not doing anything as much as possible.

After all, Luo Lingshan couldn't recover the vindictive qi that he had consumed, so the few people still used their vindictive energy sparingly.

"Captain, find a team." The next moment, under a big tree, a few figures slowly appeared , headed by a man in a rudimentary dress, the man looked very good, obviously the strength It is extremely tyrannical. As for the man, there are one woman and three men. When these people are on them, I am afraid they are extremely terrifying.

"What team?"

"What is their strength?" The captain said slowly.

"In terms of strength, there is one six-star Dou Emperor in the early stage, two five-star Dou Emperor in the late stage, and the little witch in our dungeon. As for their leaders, I don't see the strength clearly, as if they were isolated by something." The figure who appeared behind Xiao Yan and the others said slowly.

"Ling Xuan's team..." The man in charge said slowly, obviously thinking about something.

"Team, it's not too late. If it's too late, I'm afraid others will get on board first." A teammate next to him said eagerly.

"Let's go, let's meet this team first." The man who led the team said slowly.

"There is only one quest above the red nightmare-level quest, and no other information about the team quest is mentioned. Obviously, to start the remaining quests, you must defeat other teams and get the wooden card from them before you can start the quest related. Explain, because there is only one mission above this red nightmare, and only starting with some details can help us to create a mission better."

"So, Little Witch Lingxuan, let our Rainbow Team come to meet you." After finishing speaking, the man in charge raised his arms, and then the five figures suddenly moved up and whistled towards Xiao Yan where they were.

Ask for tickets!