Chapter Vol 4 1503: Earth Spirit Blood is coming!

"That's..." After a short while, as Xiao Yan and the others approached, there was a burst of ecstasy on Xiao Gui's face. It was obvious that he was the first to spot the five people approaching the large army.

"Xiao Yan!"

"You're all right!" After a while, Xiao Yan and the others fell down gently and joined the large army, Mu Ge couldn't help laughing.

"The main force is fine, and it seems that the trip has been quite good." Just after landing, Xiao Yan suddenly glanced at the dozens of people behind him, and the aura on their bodies was faintly increased.

"Big brother, hehe." After a while, Xiao Gui smiled at Xiao Yan, and there was a hint of kindness in his voice.

"You bastard, ran away without saying a word, and didn't say a word to me?" Seeing that Xiao Gui's figure was intact, Xiao Yan immediately scolded softly. Obviously, this guy has the same bloodline as himself. He was quite concerned.

"Hey, eldest brother, after I separated from the Dead Valley, there was a voice in me that directed me to some places in the Demon Suppression Prison, and then retrieved some things." Xiao Gui said with a smile, but at this time Xiao Gui, Instead of being taciturn as before, he talked and laughed like a cheerful man.

"It seems that his parents should have left him a lot of good things."

"After a few months, this guy is not only very mature in temperament, but even his strength has skyrocketed to three-star Dou Xian perfection." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"what?"

"Samsung Dou Xian is complete?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words.

In the mausoleum, Tianwangzang allowed himself to break through the middle stage of the three-star Dou Xian, and Xiao Yan realized that every level of the gap between the three-star Dou Xian was like a gulf. After all, there are reincarnation runes. The power of reincarnation runes is all integrated. At least it is a six-star fighting immortal or above, and even the reincarnation rune of the Thunder Lord.

It's just that Xiao Gui's power suddenly soared so much.

"Brother, in addition to this, I also heard that the Hidden Soul Society and the powerhouses of the Soul Palace seem to have teamed up, and they are trying to attack the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple in the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison." After a while, Xiao Gui whispered in the Xiao Yan said in his ear.

"Is the Hidden Soul Society and the Soul Palace?" Xiao Yan frowned. Obviously, this Soul Palace is really ubiquitous, and the power of this Soul Palace is too far.

"Do you know their specific strength?" Xiao Yan asked.

"The Hidden Soul will have four heroes, and they should all have the strength of the late Samsung Fighting Immortal and the Perfection, but the one in the lead seems to have something like an arm in his hand, and that thing makes me feel uneasy for a while."

"As for the Soul Palace, it seems that there is only one guy who claims to be the Six Soul Venerable, and the other guys are not to be afraid of. Although his strength is only a complete three-star Dou Xian, there is probably something dangerous about him, even if I meet him, The odds of winning are also very few." Xiao Gui said in a low voice.

"Is that so..." Xiao Yan nodded slowly when he heard the words, but with the reminder from his master, Soul Eater, Xiao Yan had no doubts about the skyrocketing strength of Xiao Gui and the information he had inquired.

After all, Xiao Gui is the descendant of the strong people of the Xiao clan and the ghost world. There must be many secrets in his body. In addition to some treasures left by his parents, this guy is a hidden rich child.

"Let's sort out the big troops first, then we should head towards the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison. You guys should take them around."

"If it doesn't work, then quit. After all, in the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison, it is not possible for a large number of people to gain an advantage." After a while, Xiao Yan also said solemnly.

"In that case, let's separate again."

"The honor of Dongzhou will be handed over to you." Immediately, Mu Ge also nodded.

"We're leaving, you all take care." At that time, the group slowly explained, and immediately divided the troops into two groups, constantly hunting evil things along the way to gain a few points, and all the way to the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

And Xiao Yan's group, including the Yuan sisters, Liu Qing, Duo Qifei and Xiao Gui, kept heading towards the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison.

"Six Soul Venerable, don't you want to deceive me, that guy Xiao Yan actually has the formation stone of the Qiankun Ancient Array?"

"Why don't I know this information?" On Xiao Yan's path, two figures were slowly lurking.

The path that Xiao Yan and the others were on was originally a very flat plain, but not far away was a dense bamboo forest, and two figures appeared quietly in the bamboo forest. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Susu."

"A dignified spirit and blood general, you are also afraid that I will deceive you?"

"As for the news that Xiao Yan has the Qiankun Ancient Formation Stone, it is naturally the news that I got from the Soul Palace." The six souls of the Soul Palace in the magical black robe snorted coldly and said with a smile.

"The guys from the Hidden Soul Society have come out of the tomb of the Tianwangzang. The trip to the tomb collapsed. The treasures of the Tianwangzang fell into the hands of Xiao Yan, and even the fall of the Tiandusha was caused by Xiao Yan's assistance to Tianwangzang. ." Six Soul Venerable said.

"Where is he?"

"I have to obliterate this guy to pay homage to my king's spirit in the sky." In an instant, the blood of the earth spirit slowly created a wave of extreme evil on the body, which undoubtedly set off his strength in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortal.

"Wait at ease, this is the only way to go deep in the Demon Suppression Prison, that Xiao Yan who obtained the relic of the Heavenly King's Treasure, will naturally go to the Qiankun Ancient Array and put it back into the formation stone to secure the seal, and this bamboo forest is the only way for them.”

"As for the formation stone, the seal can be stabilized in the first place, but if the power of the formation stone is reversed, it is enough to completely destroy the seal. When the formation stone is taken away from Xiao Yan's palm, our plan for this trip will be completely successful." , Suddenly, around the bamboo forest, several figures slowly emerged.

"This bamboo forest is really strange." Xiao Yan and the others skillfully penetrated the plain and came into the bamboo forest. They looked at the green bamboo forest and couldn't help but speak.

Among the bamboo forests, countless bamboo forests are obviously tens of meters high, and the green atmosphere even vaguely isolates the invasion of the evil atmosphere, which is quite mysterious. appear.

"Through this bamboo forest, you can reach the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison." Xiao Yan raised his head, but his vision was completely blocked by the bamboo forest.

"Through this bamboo forest, it seems that you can see the ancient formation of Qiankun..."

"Big Brother Xiao Yan, the stone formation in your body is also useful." After a while, a hint of cunning appeared on Yuan Yan's face, and she said with a smile, obviously the reason why she followed Xiao Yan was largely because Qiankun Ancient Formation, after all, this girl is very talented, and in terms of team formation, it is almost obvious at a glance.

"Ancient Qiankun Array, this is a tyrannical formation for the evil races outside the territory. If it can be subdued, it will also be a great help for me." Xiao Yan felt the scorching hot breath from the formation stone and the demon-suppressing coffin in his body. It is also the place to understand the seal of the poisonous demon puppet, which is not far away.

"There seems to be some kind of breath here, it's weird." Liu Qing on the side glanced slowly at the beautiful eyes, and looked at the bamboo forest with deep love, only to see a black shadow of a behemoth emerging from the depths of the bamboo forest, waiting for Liu Qing The sound, suddenly an evil voice resounding through the heavens and the earth, suddenly spread out.

"Xiao Yan..."

"I've been waiting for you for a long time."