Chapter 643: The secret of the wooden sign

"Don't pretend to be dead, I know you're not dead?"

"Hand over the wooden sign." Xiao Yan slowly put away the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and then came to the ground where Feng Ling was lying.

"..." Feng Ling's body burned with flames, it was obvious that Xiao Yan's attack just now contained flame energy that Feng Ling couldn't help but be unable to resist.

"You still want to eat a foot?" Xiao Yan immediately frowned when he saw Feng Ling pretending to be dead, and shouted.

"Cough, cough..." The next moment, Feng Ling, who was still lying on the ground, immediately stood up like a corpse when he heard the words, but his body kept coughing, and it was obvious that he was seriously injured.

"This little brother, I really don't know what secrets are in this wooden token. As for this wooden token, it has no effect..." Feng Ling said humbly.

No way, how does Feng Ling know that Xiao Yan's strength is actually in the late stage of the Six Star Dou Emperor!

Although this Xiao Yan has no life force in his body, the strength of that Six-Star Dou Emperor in the late stage is enough to crush him!

"It seems that you still don't have a long memory." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he slowly reached out with his hands towards his back, as if he had taken down the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire.

"Okay, okay, lord, I'm afraid of you."

"Take it and take it." After a few breaths, Feng Ling did not dare to hesitate, and directly handed the wooden token in his hand to Xiao Yan.

"Lingxuan, come and have a look, I don't know much about this thing." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was naturally afraid that Feng Ling was playing tricks, so he immediately said.

"This thing is indeed true." Ling Xuan came over, took the wooden token in Feng Ling's hand, and spoke slowly.

"What's the use of this thing?" Xiao Yan asked slightly, and then the other four members of the Rainbow Team shook their heads, apparently even they didn't know about this thing.

However, Ai Lin looked at Xiao Yan, obviously not knowing what he was thinking.

"I vaguely remember what my father said, this wooden sign seems to be a key." Ling Xuan recalled hard.

"It's fine if you don't say it. Anyway, I'm an alchemist. I can use my soul power to enter your brain and find out directly, but I can't guarantee that you will become an idiot in the future."

"So, Feng Ling, did you say it or did I force you to say it?" Xiao Yan didn't bother to talk nonsense with Feng Ling. After all, Xiao Yan had a hundred ways to solve the mystery in front of him.

"I said, I said." Under Xiao Yan's intimidation, Feng Ling's face darkened slightly, and he immediately said with some fear.

Feng Ling has heard a lot about what Xiao Yan just said about the alchemist using soul power to enter the human brain to probe memory, so Feng Ling is also afraid.

"Let's talk, what's going on." Xiao Yan heard the words, and naturally he was too lazy to do it, after all, it was quite troublesome to use his soul power.

"This team game in our Burning Incense Pavilion is a group of five, and it is divided into three levels. We are the most difficult here, but the benefits are undoubtedly the best."

"There are a total of ten teams entering our Luoling Mountain, but in the end, there is only one team that wins."

"And according to the information I got, the tasks of our ten teams are all the same." After Feng Ling finished speaking, he slowly looked at Xiao Yan.

"What is your mission?" Xiao Yan heard the words, suddenly felt that this was not good, and said.

"Defeat the five-element beast." Feng Ling said flatly.

"What!" Just as Feng Ling finished speaking, the four including Mu Feng suddenly exclaimed.

"It should be true." Xiao Yan thought for a while and then said.

Xiao Yan has some absolute confidence. With this red nightmare scroll and wooden plaque on his body, it is impossible for anyone to detect the quest in the scroll. If so, I am afraid what Feng Ling said is not false.

"Looking at your expressions, what I said should be right?" Feng Ling asked tentatively.

"Go on." Xiao Yan said.

"Actually, it's more appropriate to call it a game rather than a game."

"Because in Luoling Mountain, the five-element beast is the biggest trophy in this competition." Feng Ling said slowly.

"What does this have to do with the wooden sign?" Mu Feng was quite puzzled.

"Hehe, very few people know about this. I only learned it from others at a high cost. If it wasn't for you, I'm afraid you wouldn't even know if you were eliminated." Feng Ling snorted slightly.

"The **** in Luoling Mountain is extremely vast, probably thousands of miles in size, and because of the special ancient times, many dead beasts were born here. The strength of these dead beasts is extremely terrifying."

"Wherever there is life, there will be rulers."

"One of the three giants in Luoling Mountain is the Five Elements Beast."

"Five-element beasts are full of treasures. Not only is the body a rare body refining material, but the blood essence and its demon core are also rare." Feng Ling said.

"If we defeat the Five Elements Beast, everything will belong to us?" Mu Feng asked in confusion.

"Of course, everything we got in this Luoling Mountain is our private property, and the sect will not take it back, but the level of danger here is too high, and the team that enters here every time is pitiful. "Feng Ling said.

"What's the matter with the wooden sign being the key?" Xiao Yan heard the words and couldn't help but believe Feng Ling's words, and immediately asked.

"As for this wooden sign, it is the key to entering the residence of the Five Elements Beast." Feng Ling said slowly.

"Where do the Five Elements Beasts live?" Green Flute couldn't help being shocked when she heard the words.

"Hehe, don't underestimate the five-element beast, the five-element beast is not so easy to deal with, and if you want to go into the place where the five-element beast lives to defeat it, you must get three wooden cards, otherwise the powerful space imprisoning force outside the five-element beast will be I won't let you advance even a little bit." Feng Ling Zaidu opened his mouth, his voice solemn.

"The Five Elements Beasts live in one of the three highest peaks of Luoling Mountain where the breath of countless fallen powerhouses gathers, so the gathering has become a special space that can only be entered by using three wooden cards." Feng Ling said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Looking at the fact that there is no fluctuation of power on the wooden token, I never imagined that such a shocking secret is hidden." Xiao Yan naturally sensed the extremely weak fluctuation on the wooden token, so he said.

"Okay, you can get out now." After Xiao Yan asked, he immediately closed the formation surrounding this space and the wooden sign of Team Fengling in his hand, and said to him.

"Boy, this time we will admit it, but next time, I'm afraid you won't be so lucky." Feng Ling shouted viciously to Xiao Yan, then he didn't stop and left here with his team.

"How true or false are they saying?" As Feng Ling's team left, Mu Yingying stepped forward slightly.

"It shouldn't be false, but I think he seems to be deliberately covering up something." Xiao Yan said slowly.

Just now, Xiao Yan had been staring at Feng Ling with his soul power, and found that Feng Ling seemed to have no other thoughts.

"I always feel that these five-element beasts are not so simple." Mu Feng said.

"Let's go, go deeper." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he immediately took action.

"Hehe, Xiao Yan, just wait, the three giants of Luoling Mountain will make you never reborn sooner or later." Feng Ling, who had left, smiled slowly, especially gloomy.

Ask for tickets!