Chapter 661: transaction reward

"It's almost the same." Seeing this, Ling Yun was also a little surprised.

Although the strength of these named disciples is very weak, even Ling Yun admires the spirit of perseverance, but at this moment, Ling Yun can't care so much. You will be able to enter the three major mountain ranges, and at that time, Xiao Yan and the Dawning Team will be fighting.

Ling Yun thought to himself, and immediately the dazzling energy of life emerged from his body, in order to prevent Li Ji and the others from suddenly counterattacking.

"Bring it here." Ling Yun gently came to Zi Lian's side, raised his hand and said.

"Then you take it." But the next moment, a smile suddenly appeared on Na Zilian's face.

"Huh?" Immediately, Ling Yun felt a phantom flashing around him as fast as lightning, and the wooden sign that had been put down by Zi Lian suddenly disappeared!

"Captain!" After this sudden scene, the other four teammates in the women's team came to Lingyun's temple and watched the surroundings vigilantly.

"Senior Brother Zilian, it's unreasonable to give this thing away so easily, right?" A hearty laughter slowly came from the shadow above the sky.

Through that phantom, a wave of flames slowly emerged.

"Xiao Yan..."

"It's finally here." The Dawning team, which was hidden in the dark, was slightly startled when they heard the words.

As for Xiao Yan's strength, they are very clear.

He was clearly a late-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor, and even without any vitality in his body, he defeated their entire Dawning Team by himself!

Although in the end it was Dawning Team Captain Guang Lu who escaped early in order to prevent someone from attacking, but Guang Lu did know that which of his and Anli's energy fusion skills did not work on Xiao Yan, then they had already lost.

"Xiao Yan!" Seeing the figure who had just separated, Qianzhang suddenly burst out with a feverish fighting spirit.

"Let's watch a good show." Guang Lu naturally knew this belligerent personality, and immediately said.

In another place, when the phantom above the sky gradually revealed its true face, the wooden plaque of the Nazilian team was already tightly held in his hand.

"You're Xiao Yan?" Ling Yun couldn't help but be startled when he saw this. Apparently, just now Ling Yun found a phantom flickering around him, and it was Xiao Yan who took away the wooden token she had!

"Brother Xiao Yan, this time we've come here is beyond our expectations, so this wooden plaque should be given to you by us." Seeing this, Zi Lian was overjoyed and immediately said.

"You old bastard, can you still have a face?" A petite woman in Ling Yun's team couldn't stand it any longer, and immediately scolded.

This wooden sign was clearly forced to hand over because Zi Lian couldn't beat their captain, so why is it now a gift to others?

If you wanted to send it, wouldn't you send it earlier?

They've already been taken away by others before they were given away?

"Don't talk about it." Ling Yun immediately glanced at the petite woman behind him, and then the petite woman seemed to be very afraid of Ling Yun and kept her mouth shut.

"Cough, cough..." After being said by the petite woman, Rao's face flushed slightly because of the temperament of this zilian.

"I accept this, leave the rest to me." Xiao Yan naturally knows this, but it is not too public or private. Xiao Yan is a member of the Human Palace, although the three halls of heaven, earth and people in the Burning Incense Pavilion , but these Zilian people are also named disciples of their Human Palace.

"Then let's say goodbye first." Knowing that a war was about to break out here, Zi Lian immediately said a few polite words to Xiao Yan, and then disappeared directly here.

Without the wooden sign, they lost their qualifications to enter the three major mountain ranges, so Ling Yun and the others did not entangle with Zi Lian's team too much.

"It's not a wise choice to stand up for others." After Zilian's team left, Ling Yun stood on the ground, looking straight at Xiao Yan with an astonishing coldness in his eyes.

"Now I'm a team with three wooden cards, so I won't play with you, let's go first." Xiao Yan laughed slowly, and then he was just about to walk. Completing the five-element beast task is the main thing.

"Do you want to leave like this?"

"Isn't it too much to take my Lingyun seriously?" Ling Yun's voice contained a bit of anger!

Although the strength of the Zilian team is not very good, more or less, they have consumed some of Lingyun's power, and in this mysterious Luoling Mountain, the power consumed cannot be supplemented by their own exercises, and can only rely on Medicine to recover.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The most important thing is that the wooden plaque of the Zilian first team is clearly something that he can easily get, but this Xiao Yan gave him the first step. This is the most irritating!

"I don't know if Senior Sister Lingyun has anything to teach me?" Xiao Yan slightly came to the ground from mid-air and looked at Ling Yun.

After all, this is Luoling Mountain and there are many restrictions, so even if Xiao Yan wanted to run, he couldn’t run very far.

"Hand over your wooden plaque, I may consider forgiving you." Ling Yun said slightly, not at all shocked by Xiao Yan's terrifying strength!

Because in terms of strength, Ling Yun believes that apart from the very few disciples in the Fenxiang Pavilion, there is no one who can surpass her.

A life that is too smooth is not necessarily a good life.

"Look at the time, a few of them should have arrived." Xiao Yan naturally didn't listen to Ling Yun's words. After all, everyone is not a three-year-old child. Who would really do as Ling Yun said.

Before, Xiao Yan and his group came here. With the help of the holy flame in his body, Xiao Yan's speed was also faster than a few others, so they came here first.

"Our captain is talking to you!" Seeing what Ling Yun said, Xiao Yan ignored it, and the dark-skinned woman immediately said angrily.

It's no wonder that the people in their Human Palace are so rare, and they are so rude...

"This sentence, I'll give it back to you." Xiao Yan finally couldn't bear the woman's chatter, and immediately spoke slightly.

The next moment, a majestic Emperor Yan's power instantly covered Xiao Yan's body, like a flame overlord!

"It's really terrifying... Looking at the appearance, I'm afraid it has reached the level of the late six-star Dou Emperor." Although Ling Yun is arrogant, he can have such a strong strength and network at such a young age. It's not just that Appearance depends more on one's own strength.

"Captain, how could this Xiao Yan's strength be in the late six-star Dou Di?" The next moment, the four women in the women's team spoke at the same time, and their voices were filled with incredible voices.

"Hey, Xiao Yan, you ran so fast, but luckily you caught up." Just when Ling Yun and the others were attracted by Xiao Yan's power of Emperor Yan, four figures slowly appeared on the side!

Lined up in order, it was Green Flute, Mu Yingying, Mu Feng and Na Lingxuan!

"It's interesting now." After Ling Yun finished speaking, a smile appeared in his heart.

Ask for tickets!