Chapter Vol 4 2021: Convergence of power, greater challenge!

"Giggle." Looking at the awkward atmosphere in the field, Xun'er frowned slightly, covering her seductive red lips with her slender jade hand, and laughed.

"What are you laughing at? Be more serious." Seeing this, Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"Oh." When Xun'er heard this, she laughed even more happily, as if she hadn't seen Xiao Yan like this for a long time.

"I've never seen Brother Xiao Yan look like this." The red lips were quietly close to Xiao Yan's ears, and a burst of hot air accompanied by bursts of seductive fragrance passed to Xiao Yan's ears.

"Cough cough cough." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help coughing a few times.

"In the past, I was the one who was sorry for Xun'er Saint Daughter. Now that the catastrophe of the ancients is imminent, I hope that Saint Daughter can help us tide over the difficulties regardless of the past."

"Our ancient clansmen are willing to bow their heads and serve as ministers, and Saint Lady Jian is the new patriarch." After the rest, a rather old elder in the crowd brought many core elders behind him and bowed to the two of them at the same time.

Bends down and bows his head, his body and feet are at a 90-degree level, with a serious and dignified style.

Great gift from the ancients!

This is a true etiquette that only the patriarch of the ancient clan can afford!

"Father, teacher, brother Xiao Yan, look..." After Shun breathed, Xun'er's beautiful eyes flickered, and there was a trace of reluctance in her heart, and she hurriedly cast her gaze towards the three of them.

"You decide." Xiao Yan smiled.

"I promise you...but if any clan members disobey my orders, they will be dealt with according to the clan rules." After blinking, behind Xun'er, a golden flame golden crow opened its eyes like gods, and looked at everyone from a bird's eye view. There is no doubt that a strong attitude of contempt and pride is displayed.

"This... this is?"

"Nine Profound Chongming Flames?"

"Xun'er Patriarch Shengming!!!" Looking at the golden flame Golden Crow in front of him, the worries of all the elders behind disappeared, and they couldn't help being convinced.

At that time, all the powerhouses in the ancient prison, including nearly 90% of the soul body of the entire ancient clan, will all be led by Xun'er.

"Organize the team, evacuate the ancient prison as soon as possible, and leave some strong people on guard."

"As the elder of the ancient clan, notify the major powerhouses in the vassal city to cover the army to the ground."

"Call all the powerhouses above eight stars to discuss the final battle against the core of the ancient clan."

"..." Orders were issued from Xun'er in an orderly manner. It has to be said that this kind of daring and magnificent handwriting gave Xiao Yan a new understanding of Xun'er.

"When did this girl become so powerful?" Seeing Xun'er issuing orders so majestic, and no one dared to disobey, Xiao Yan also smiled gratified.

"Hey, this is just the tip of the iceberg. This girl is much more tyrannical than you think."

"A long time ago, I heard Xun'er say that his Ruyi Langjun is an unparalleled hero. When I see him today, he really deserves his reputation." Peerless Heavenly Emperor turned his head and looked at Xiao Yan with admiration.

Not to mention other things, Xiao Yan's feat of breaking into the evil ancient prison alone, I am afraid not many people dare to do it. The two are really talented and beautiful, and they are a match made in heaven.

In one day, the army in the ancient prison was transferred in an orderly manner, and it was a secret transfer. In order not to expose the target, Xun'er and Xiao Yan rarely had some spare time at this time, and the two ran to a meadow on the edge of the vassal city at the same time. Lie flat on top.

Waiting for the transfer of the army to complete, the final battle will start completely.

"what is this?"

"Evil spirit?"

"But it has some power like a pattern, is it an illusion?" Xiao Yan lay quietly on the grass, and when he scratched it at random, he found a rare black ink-colored energy.

"Brother Xiao Yan, did you do it on purpose just now?" After taking a breath, the void wriggled, Xun'er's slender hand covered Xiao Yan's eyes, and immediately said indignantly.

Just now, he clearly wanted to let the ancient powerhouses take Xiao Yan as the master, but Xiao Yan pushed it directly to him, which made Xun'er feel a little angry in his heart.

"Doudi Continent is divided into four parts. I have integrated three continents and established the Endless Fire Territory. The Douyun Continent here is the most difficult one, and for the ancients, I believe you are more suitable than me." Xiao Yan said that Putting away the things, he immediately looked at the people around him, he naturally saw Xun'er's careful thoughts, raised his finger and pointed at the Qiong nose between Xun'er's eyebrows, showing a very loving appearance.

"Is Sister Cailin okay? I heard that she is helping you manage the Endless Fire Territory..." After a while, Xun'er lay quietly in Xiao Yan's arms, pouting and whispering.

"Don't worry." Xiao Yan didn't say more, his palm gently followed Xun'er's three thousand blue silk, and his soft voice was quite quiet.

"Patriarch, my lord, everything is ready, just wait for the two of you to be seated." After a few minutes, a voice transmission of the soul was accurately transmitted to Xun'er.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan got up and stretched, and said lazily.

"I miss Xiao Lin and the others a bit. After waiting here, let's go home and have a look... okay?" Looking at the huge city in the distance, Xun'er smiled slightly, but under the smile, it was a mother's thoughts. Child's cut.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded heavily, he also missed Xiao Lin and Xiao Xiao quite a bit.

After a while, the two turned into meteors and headed towards the conference room in the city.

"Gu Qingkong is in charge." Just when he came to the conference room, looking at Peerless Heavenly Emperor and Gu Qingkong, Xiao Yan glanced at them.

"Master Xiao Yan, Patriarch Xun, come to the table." Gu Qingkong warmly greeted him.

"Since you are all here, why is Xun'er not beating around the bush?"

"Now our ancient clan is facing an unprecedented disaster. The entire interior has been eroded by the evil clan outside the territory, and the core of the ancient clan is controlled by the evil clan outside the territory."

"The disaster of the ancient prison was solved by luck. Today, we should directly pursue the core of the ancient clan, take over the ancient clan, and slaughter all the evil clan outside the territory." Xun'er said.

"I agree with the patriarch's point of view." A group of elder souls nodded and said, the rest is the opinion of the major powerhouses who control the cities where the vassal races live. After all, the power in their hands cannot be underestimated.

"Sir Xiao Yan, you are kind to me, and we would like to agree with you and Xun'er Patriarch's opinion. However, when you went deep into the ancient prison, we found some strange things here." Gu Qingkong and Gu Yang, two representatives at the same time When he opened his mouth, there was an unspeakable hiddenness in his voice.

"What's weird?"

"Could it have something to do with the tiny holes in your neck and neck?" Xiao Yan frowned when he heard this, as if he had thought of something.

"Sure enough, you can't escape your worries, Lord."

"When you left we took a risk to investigate and try to eliminate this tiny hole, but in exchange, a strong person turned into pus, unable to cure, and finally disappeared. "

"And this tiny hole is actually the center of the extraterritorial evil race to mobilize the power of our souls, and it is also a special kind of poison."

"Extracting the soul body was done by the strong man in the ancient prison, in order to turn us into nourishment for demon babies, and this tiny hole is the work of the heartbroken demon at the core of the ancient clan."

"This is a poison and a bomb, because he can control our mind and body through this tiny hole. If we violate his orders, we will be dissipated in an instant."

"And I have checked that in the entire vassal city, all human beings are planted with such tiny holes."

"Small holes and pores are generally small, painless and itchy, and I don't know when it was planted... and once it is within a thousand miles of the core land wrapped by the gray enchantment of the ancient sky, even our Eight Star Dou Immortal-level powerhouses will also be controlled by their minds and become a real walking corpse." Gu Yang and Gu Qingkong shook their heads and said, their eyes blurred. Obviously, this kind of information was tested by them using a lot of human lives.

As soon as the voice fell, the audience was silent. Obviously, no one thought that things would be so serious!

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: