Chapter Vol 4 1039: The self-destruction of ghost face and soul flame

"Spirit of Ghost-faced Soul Flame, what do you want to do?" The Gorefiend noticed the power of holy flame shaking violently on Ghost-faced Soul Flame's body, and immediately asked.

"Hahaha!"

"Gore Demon, do you have a day when you're afraid too?"

"What do I want to do, didn't you ask knowingly?" The Ghost-faced Soul Flame Spirit laughed loudly in the face of the suddenly timid Gorefiend.

"asshole!"

"If you blow yourself up!"

"Not only will everyone here die, but your Holy Flame Spirit will also disappear completely!" The Gorefiend couldn't help roaring.

If the Spirit of Holy Flame blew itself up, the power generated in this Holy Flame space might not be able to handle half of his power.

"I know, but I won't make you feel better!"

"This farce, it's time to end!" As soon as the voice of the ghost face and soul flame fell, a blue prismatic crystal appeared directly in the palm of his hand.

"Bastard bastard!" Seeing this, the Gorefiend couldn't help cursing loudly in his pupils, obviously frightened by the sudden action of the Ghost Face Soul Flame Spirit.

"In the name of my ghost-faced soul flame, let's burn, and let the last ray of light bloom!" Ghost-faced soul flame said a little to the holy flame crystal in front of him, and suddenly there was a flash of determination in his pupils, and he said resolutely.

"Hula-la!" As the voice of the ghost-faced soul flame just fell, an indescribable terrifying wave slowly emanated from the blue prismatic holy flame crystal.

"You lunatic!" Seeing this, the Gorefiend couldn't help roaring in a low voice.

"Yanchi, come back to me!" Seeing the increasingly rich cyan flame on Ghost Face Soul Yan's body, the Gorefiend didn't hesitate, and called Yanchi directly in front of him.

"Let's go!" Seeing Yan Chi coming back, the Gorefiend didn't stop, and said something directly to Yan Chi, as if he wanted to leave this holy flame space, because he knew that once the ghost face and soul flame exploded completely, I'm afraid he would You will be severely injured!

"Where to go!" The ghost-faced soul flame spirit was mobilizing all of his power, and he wanted to explode himself so as to use that powerful power to completely leave the Gorefiend here. Seeing that the Gorefiend was about to escape, he whistled away directly. .

As soon as the voice fell, a cyan-colored holy flame force immediately wrapped the holy flame space tightly!

"Damn..." When the Gorefiend saw this, he could only temporarily give up the idea of ​​​​running away, and kept gathering strength to prepare to resist the self-destruction of the Holy Flame Spirit!

This holy flame space was originally the domain of ghost-faced soul flames. With such ghost-faced soul flames using the power of holy flame crystals, it was impossible for the Gorefiend to escape within a short period of time.

And when the ghost-faced soul flame spirit and the gorefiend were in a stalemate, other things happened on one side.

"Xiao Yan Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Not far away, Mu Yingying came to the ground and directly supported Xiao Yan who had just been seriously injured by Yan Chi, her horrified face filled with a hint of apology.

"Pfft..."

"I'm fine..." Xiao Yan reluctantly gave Mu Yingying a smile that was not too friendly, and said slowly.

However, Xiao Yan is clear that the injury in his body is extremely serious. If nothing else, that immortal body was directly pierced by Yan Chi with a gap the size of a skeleton, and even the few ribs in his chest are also in the flames. Under the attack of Chi, it was directly shattered!

If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's body being tempered by more than 20 kinds of different fires and protected by the power of holy flame, I am afraid that the blow of Yan Chi just now would have directly wiped out Xiao completely.

"I'm sorry, I just blamed me for being too impulsive... uuu..." Mu Yingying saw Xiao Yan's pain, and tears rolled in her beautiful eyes. Obviously, if she hadn't made such an assertive statement just now, Xiao Yan wouldn't have been affected by it. Seriously injured.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Do not……"

"You did the right thing, that's your brother after all." Xiao Yan coughed violently and calmed Mu Yingying. Since Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying met, he was more or less aware of Nizi. nature.

"You'll be fine..." The tears in Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes couldn't stop flowing out, and then her palm flickered lightly, and a prismatic blue crystal slowly appeared in her hand, and a burst of blue The power of the flames converged directly towards Xiao Yan like a stream of water.

"What are you doing?"

"Your injury is too serious, you will die if you continue like this!" Mu Yingying looked at Xiao Yan and directly blocked her source of holy flame, and said immediately.

"I'm fine now. The source of holy flame is your life. If you lose it like this, it will affect your foundation." Xiao Yan said forcibly supporting the weakness in his body.

"Don't worry... I'm fine." Seemingly looking at the stubborn Mu Yingying, Xiao Yan opened his mouth and said.

"What is Ghost Face Soul Yan doing?" And Xiao Yi also came to Xiao Yan's side for a while, just watching the two people's actions so intimate, did not make a move, and then the next moment when she saw Ghost Face Soul Yan and the Blood Demon Envoy, said suddenly.

"This is……"

"Ghost Face Soul Flame is about to explode!" And Xiao Yan's complexion recovered a little after quickly swallowing a few pills. As for the shattered ribs, they were temporarily protected by Xiao Yan with holy flames, and there was no danger.

"Self-destruction..." Mu Yingying's pretty face showed a trace of ugliness, then glanced at Yan Chi, and a trace of pain emerged.

"Crash!" After a short while, the entire space of this holy flame space became restless, bursts of cyan flames mixed with black ghosts, suddenly burst out.

"Humph!"

"Although you were born as the Spirit of Holy Flame, if I kill me like this, I would be underestimated!"

"Yanchi, do it!" The Gorefiend looked at the dazzling holy flame power in the holy flame space and said, obviously he was also a little scared.

"Boom!" When Yan Chi heard the words, a fiery red holy flame also erupted, and an extremely evil blood energy erupted from the Gorefiend.

At this point, three tyrannical forces suddenly reverberated in this space.

"Let's go!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan knew that it was not advisable to stay here for a long time, and immediately said something to the two of Xiao Yi.

"Brother..." Mu Yingying couldn't help feeling sad when she looked at the evil Yan Chi in front of her.

"Don't worry... I will rescue him." Xiao Yan put a hand on Mu Yingying's shoulder.

"En... Thank you, Xiao Yan." Mu Yingying smiled slightly at the corner of her mouth, revealing a very beautiful little dimple, and then without hesitation, she gently swept her jade hand towards the note pupil beside her. Under control, the four of them left the Holy Flame Space directly!

"The four of them... have they finally left?" When Xiao Yan and the four left, the holy flame crystal on the palm of the Ghost Face Soul Flame Spirit disappeared instantly and fell silently into Yin Tong.

"Blood Demon..."

"It suppressed you for so many years..."

"It's time to end." After the Ghost Face Soul Flame Spirit finished speaking, the blue flames in the entire space were extremely bright, and then in a short moment, the power of the Gorefiend and Yan Chi was suppressed, a burst of destruction. The fluctuations like this slowly spread out.

When everyone gets together, it’s easy to drink alcohol. After a year of hard work, let’s relax in these few days.

Regarding the update, I actually didn't save the manuscript. I was too busy after I got home, so the update is the current code, and the update is still updated twice a day. If I don't update at 12 noon, I guess I'm drunk and will be unified that night. Make up for it. If you have strength, it is estimated between 6 and 10.