Chapter 651: lure

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan was slightly startled.

Although the other members of the Dawning Team were only in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, with the auxiliary attacks of Guanglu and Anli, no matter who they attacked, the intensity of the attack made Xiao Yan have to guard against it.

"Captain, this kid's grudge seems to be..." Tan Shaoyang said slightly.

Although he kept attacking Xiao Yan with the help of Anli, every attack could be resisted by Xiao Yan, as if the vindictive energy in Xiao Yan's body was not limited by this Luoling Mountain and could not be used up at all. !

However, the few of them naturally could not have imagined that Xiao Yan's constant consumption of vindictive qi was recovered by Xiao Yan's swallowing the medicinal pill.

"Attack with all your strength!" Guang Lu said softly in his heart.

Originally, Tan Shaoyang thought that even if this Xiao Yan had the ability to reach the sky, he could only retreat in the face of their team. How could he have thought that this Xiao Yan was so powerful!

"Withered Leaf Palm!" A hint of decisiveness flashed in Tan Shaoyang's eyes, and then the dazzling vitality of life slowly condensed in the palm of his hand, and an aura of destruction permeated out!

"Xiao Yan takes the move!" Tan Shaoyang's figure moved instantaneously, and in a short time he came to Xiao Yan's side, and the palm of his hand with a terrifying strong wind was instantly photographed!

"Huangquan's finger!" A cold hum came from Xiao Yan's mouth, and then a hundred-zhang-sized Dou Qi suddenly swept away!

"Boom boom boom!" The two just touched a little, and a terrifying fluctuation suddenly occurred!

"It's not over yet!" When Tan Shaoyang and Xiao Yan were fighting hard, Qianqiu on the side moved.

I saw Qianqiu's emaciated figure instantly turned into a stream of light, roaring towards Xiao Yan!

"Meteor Slash!" Qianqiu's entire body turned into a stream of light, and his speed was extremely fast. In a blink of an eye, he came to Xiao Yan's side and slashed towards Xiao Yan!

"It's good to come!" When Xiao Yan had just dealt with Tan Shaoyang, he was already ready to deal with others, and when he saw the attack of Qianqiu, he couldn't help laughing slowly!

"Boom boom boom!" Huang Quan's finger was instantly retracted, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand flipped over instantly, directly using the ruler to smash Qianqiu directly.

"Shabu Shabu!" As the captain, Guang Lu was not idle either. The dazzling energy of life continued to emerge from his body, and then he gathered towards the bodies of the four teammates.

With the gathering of the power of Guanglusheng, Xiao Yan vaguely discovered that the strength of the three people he was dealing with in front of him had vaguely increased to the peak of the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, which was only a short distance away from the latter stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. a step far!

"It seems that there should be some secrets in this Guanglu and Anli..." Xiao Yan continued to deal with Qianqiu and the others, but he quickly figured it out in his heart.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

I don't know why, Xiao Yan actually felt an unprecedented wave from Guanglu and Anli, this wave couldn't help but make Xiao Yan feel a little bit of fear.

"It's really a bit difficult to deal with..." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth moved slightly, and then a familiar figure suddenly appeared.

"Two Xiao Yan?" The other Xiao Yan just appeared, and the three Qianqiu, who were under attack, shrugged in disbelief.

"The substantive body condensed from the cultivation of the emperor's mortal-level soul power?" This Xiao Yan's avatar just appeared, and suddenly Anli, who was beside the light path, suddenly opened his mouth.

"Soul avatar?" Seeing this, the terrifying offensive in his hands stopped slightly.

"Yes, it is the soul avatar."

"This soul avatar is the favorite method of some tyrannical pharmacists. After all, the strength of the two is the same, and the degree of cooperation between them is beyond that of most people." A trace of solemnity emerged in the dark crow's beautiful eyes. , Obviously this Xiao Yan's strength is already in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and adding a teammate who is also in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and the direct cooperation between the two is not an exaggeration.

"It's been a long time." Xiao Yan, dressed in Tsing Yi, said to the white soul clone Xiao Yan that appeared from his soul realm.

"You're really a newborn calf and you're not afraid of tigers." Bai Xiaoyan saw the strength of the five people in front of him with just a glance!

Three six-star fighting emperors in the middle stage, one six-star fighting emperor in the late stage, and one six-star fighting emperor is complete!

Such a terrifying lineup is probably enough to be called some small sects.

Xiao Yan actually wanted to challenge by himself!

"Let's do it."

"It's been a long time since I had a happy battle." Xiao Yan nodded to him, and then spoke slightly, his voice full of fiery heat.

"Let these people see how powerful we are." After Bai Xiaoyan finished speaking, the same Emperor Yan's power instantly emerged around him, and in a short time, two Xiao Yan burst out with a shocking aura.

"Captain, what should we do now?"

"The two powerhouses in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di." Seeing this, Qianzhang opened his mouth slightly. It was obvious that Xiao Yan had already caused him a lot of pain, and now the two of them would be extremely difficult.

"come back."

"I still miscalculated, but I didn't expect this kid to have such a huge soul power, and the soul power actually condenses the soul clone. This is the most unexpected." Guanglu said slowly, then looked at himself. Anli beside her, Guanglu believes that no one in the team knows more about the power of the soul than her.

"The clone condensed by soul power is an excellent partner for direct combat, but the conditions for its birth are too harsh, and the soul power of the emperor's mortal level is just the beginning." Dark Crow's eyes also had expectations.

As a pharmacist, I am afraid that no one wants to use their soul power to condense a soul avatar that perfectly cooperates with themselves, because this can not only help their alchemist increase the success rate, but also play a great role in battle.

"Are you an alchemist?" Dark Crow said slightly.

"En?" Xiao Yan's mind moved and motioned for Xiao Yan, his white soul clone, to hold his troops, and then his eyes fell on Anli.

"Ming people don't speak secretly."

"I can see that you are quite smart, why don't you join our team. Although our team is not the strongest among the ten teams, it is still enough to rank in the top three." Anli spoke slightly and threw an olive branch towards Xiao Yan.

"to join you guys?"

"I'm not interested, but if you obediently hand me the wooden cards in your hands, maybe I'll consider letting you go." Xiao Yan said with a flat face, his voice extremely indifferent.

"Arrogant boy, you will regret it." Guanglu stopped Anli directly, and immediately said viciously.

For some reason, Xiao Yan felt a chill in his heart when Guang Lu finished saying those words.

"Don't hide it anymore, Tan Shaoyang, the three of you will attack with all your strength."

"Anli, you cooperate with me..." After Guanglu finished speaking, the speed of the three people's breaths suddenly soared, obviously planning to use their real strength.

As for Guanglu and Anli, they hugged tightly in front of everyone's eyes, but Xiao Yan noticed that even so, the other three members of the Dawning team didn't show any meaning on their faces, as if they had become accustomed to it. generally!

"What the **** are these two trying to do..." Xiao Yan's mind was moved, but he couldn't be busy with the two of them, so he and his soul clone attacked the three who were whistling away!

Ask for tickets!