Chapter Vol 4 1280: Test level 1!

"Teacher, the assessment is ready." After a while, Xiao Yan and Tan Chen chatted in the hall, and Hua Fei returned here by himself, and said respectfully, but Xiao Yan clearly smelled this guy. When there is another breath, that kind of breath is extremely powerful like nothingness.

"Let's go, little guy." Tan Chen nodded slowly when he heard the words.

"Okay, I just don't know where the assessment site is?" Xiao Yan asked.

Because refining medicine pills and evaluating pharmacists are not trivial matters, if they are disturbed by outsiders, it is very easy to get into trouble, and according to the results obtained by Xiao Yan's soul power, it seems that there is no place for evaluation in the pharmacist association.

"Hey-hey."

"After all, this is Leicheng, the head of the entire Eastern Continent, and our Alchemist Association, in order to prevent accidents from being disturbed by others, our ancestors have already figured out how to deal with it." Tan Chen smiled slowly, then moved.

As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, before he could open his eyes, he felt that a dazzling space force suddenly surged up in Tan Chen, and then turned into a stream of light, covering the three of them, and the next moment they actually escaped directly. After entering the Alchemist Association, he headed towards a mysterious place.

"This is the place where you will assess the fourth-grade pharmacist of the Immortal Rank." After a few breaths, Tan Chen brought his apprentices Hua Fei and Xiao Yan to a void.

This void is rather strange, without any trace of energy from heaven and earth. When he just arrived here, Xiao Yan could immediately perceive that the flow of spatial strength here is much slower than the outside world, and with such a treasured place, Xiao Yan is not afraid because of the assessment. The level of refining pharmacist delayed the ratio of Dongzhou.

"This guy." Seeing this, Hua Fei shook his head helplessly, because he knew that his teacher was the second alchemist in the entire Thunder City. How cold he was on weekdays, he was almost a rigid face to outsiders, but to Xiao Yan was so enthusiastic, which made Hua Fei feel a little more envious of Xiao Yan.

After all, Hua Fei knew his master's pride. If he wanted him to bow his head, then only... he was better than him.

"This place is really a good space." Xiao Yan glanced around, and was suddenly surprised by something in this void.

At this time, the three of them stood in a void. In front of the void, a behemoth was slowly standing in front of him. The behemoth was like a huge medicine refining cauldron, with vents and even an invisible and extremely terrifying cauldron Soul power, completely shrouded it, so that outsiders can't get close.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This kind of big means of storing the alchemist association in the void is probably only the alchemist who is rich enough to be able to do it.

"This is the base camp of our Alchemist Association. The outside is just to deal with some little guys." After Tan Chen finished speaking, he waved his palm lightly, and suddenly an extremely powerful suction force directly sucked the three people into it.

"Vice President, the assessment of the fourth-grade immortal pharmacist is ready." Just as the three of them stepped into the building that looked like a medicine cauldron, Sister Wang's voice came slowly.

"It's time for work." Tan Chen said, and then took the crowd directly to the assessment site.

It has to be said that this is like a medicine refining cauldron headquarters, the interior is extremely complex, occupying intricately, and even the huge and tyrannical soul power emerges endlessly, there are a lot of faint explosions, presumably some refining medicine masters are refining issued by the medicine pill.

"Just here." Not many, the four of them, led by Tan Chen, crossed several paths and came to a stone gate. The stone gate was tightly closed. It seemed that some tyrannical force was suppressed inside, and the surrounding stone gate was , are all wrapped by countless huge forces, which are strictly protected here.

"This is the first step in your assessment."

"Soul strength." Tan Chen pointed his finger lightly at the stone gate, and the corner of his mouth moved.

As we all know, the alchemist is a special profession for casting magical medicines, but the higher the level of this profession, the more powerful the energy.

But it is rude to say, don't look at Tan Chen's Immortal Rank fifth-grade pharmacist, even today's knife-forging Lei Gu Guzhu should be courteous to him by three points. After all, every pharmacist is a hornet's nest. Poke and explode.

"How to test this first step?" Xiao Yan looked at Shimen with dull eyes, smelled a feeling of pressure from inside, but he was still a little puzzled and asked.

"The necessary condition for the assessment of an alchemist of the immortal rank is that the soul power reaches the fairyland. Although your own soul power has reached the fairyland, the alchemist rank identified before is only the first rank of the emperor, so this step is essential." Tan Chen explained.

"Master is really eccentric." Hua Fei couldn't help but whisper a few words. In the past, similar situations like Xiao Yan had happened, but they were far from where Tan Chen personally received them, and the alchemist level assessment must be from the The emperor rank first-rank second-rank third-rank rank step by step, this time is good, Tan Chen directly saves Xiao Yan the second-rank third-rank assessment, and directly conducts the fourth-rank assessment, although Xiao Yan himself does have this strength, but Hua Fei is still a little bit. envy.

"There is a soul beast composed of soul power inside. After you enter, defeat it to prove your soul power." Tan Chen laughed. UU Reading www.uukanshu.com

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded lightly. Obviously, this first step should be very simple for him, but the Alchemist Association has its own rules since ancient times, and these tedious steps cannot be omitted.

"Now that you know, let's get started." However, before Xiao Yan was ready, Xiao Yan only felt that his body suddenly trembled strangely, and was kicked in by Tan Chen.

"Crash!" That Shimen was also very strange. When Xiao Yan's figure approached, he suddenly swallowed the entire Xiao Yan and regained his calm.

"This old guy!" Xiao Yan didn't expect Tan Chen to play his cards according to common sense, without any defense, and directly came to the first level.

"Huhuhu!" Just after arriving in the space behind Shimen, there was a sudden gust of gloomy wind blowing from nowhere, and a strange figure slowly sounded.

"The enemy is dark and we are clear, so be careful." Xiao Yan couldn't see the so-called soul beast at first, so he could only walk out with the power of his soul, trying to find out this dark space.

"Damn..."

"The soul power that was released seems to have been swallowed up." But the soul power released by Xiao Yan was like evaporating from the world, disappearing without a trace.

"Interesting." Xiao Yan felt this scene, without any fear, instead he had a strong interest!

His soul power is extremely tyrannical, but he lacks the tempering and use of soul power. Now this first level can just make up for his shortcomings.