Chapter Vol 4 1709: Poison barrier, mourners!

"Clang!" With a sound, the giant bronze door slowly opened, and then an awe-inspiring aura came out from the crack of the door, making both of them tremble.

"Go!" They glanced at each other without any hesitation. The two figures turned into meteors and jumped directly into it. Immediately, the giant bronze gate closed slowly, just like the eternal static standing, just in bronze The two waiting behind the giant gate are extremely dangerous.

"This is..." He just entered the space inside the bronze door, and was immediately shocked by the scenery here. Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering to himself, and his expression became extremely solemn.

"Poison Barrier?" Looking at the endless dark green area, huge bubbles constantly emerged from under your feet, and immediately exploded. Every explosion would bring out bursts of strange dark green aura. In the green breath, there is actually a deadly poisonous gas that is suffocating!

A veritable poison barrier!

Under such a severe poisonous barrier, even a strong and powerful person may become a poisonous person without spiritual wisdom over time. This is the horror of the poisonous gas, and for the The resistance of qi is extremely difficult to resist.

"It is said that there is a mourner in Li Soul Territory, and I never thought that I would see her here today." Mei Mu Zaidu glanced around the special space filled with countless poisonous mists and whispered.

"Mourners?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"Yes, the mourners."

"And the so-called mourners, to put it bluntly, have extremely tyrannical power. This power has threatened the existence of a region, so they are jointly imprisoned by the ruling high-level here."

"Speaking of which, this guy also made a lot of credit for Li Soul Territory at the beginning, but he couldn't control the power in his body. Once he missed, he destroyed a quite fertile plane under Li Soul Territory. Later, that special power was It was discovered, the identity of the mourners was confirmed, and after the Great Thousand Worlds united to kill them, they were finally obliterated by the top management of Li Hunyu."

"It's just that the senior management of Li Hunyu said on the surface that she had been executed, but the powerhouses of the five major courtyards knew that this was an excuse for being protected. After all, the ability of a mourner is enough to rank among the top The most precious combat power under Samsara." You Er said seriously.

"This guy's poison art is really terrifying." Xiao Yan heard that, and immediately looked at the strange dark green poison barrier around him, and frowned for a while. It seemed that the poison barrier mist here was more terrifying than the poisonous body. .

"Of course."

"The mourners have powers that are not in line with the Great Thousand World, so they are jointly attacked by countless powerhouses in the Great Thousand World." You Er continued.

"Her power has threatened the Lord of Li Soul?"

"Eight Star Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder.

"Do not."

"Her strength is only at the level of Seven Star Fighting Immortals, but because she is a mourner."

"The origin of the mourners is basically the same as that of the extraterritorial evil clan. They all control the Xeon's sorcery. It's just that humans are trying to distinguish the extraterritorial evil clan from them, and the two are different in nature."

"The power of sorcery has surpassed immortal art, and is close to divine art. The difference is that the sorcery among the foreign evil races is created by themselves, while the sorcery of the mourners is a natural talent, innate. , but this kind of power is too tyrannical and destructive, so it is extremely difficult for the mourners to control, and once they get out of control, the scenes are suffocating."

"The mourners have an extremely rare natural talent. This kind of thing can make them burst out with extremely terrifying power during battle or at some special time. This power is called sorcery by the world." You Er Continue.

"Is there someone coming?" After a while, a dark green bubble suddenly appeared in front of the two of them, and a rather sweet voice came out slowly like a sleeping beauty.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly panicked, and suddenly stopped You Er, and his figure quickly retreated.

"Pfft!" As soon as the sound disappeared, the dark green bubbles instantly shattered, and the void where Xiao Yan and the two were just collapsed completely, but the strange thing was that the collapsed void returned to its original state in the blink of an eye. The collapse and fluctuation of Xiao Yan was enough to easily obliterate the two of them.

"You... who are you?" Seeing such a terrifying scene, before the two of them could breathe a sigh of relief, dark green bubbles appeared.

"Damn, what the **** is going on?" Xiao Yan ran away with You Er in his hands, but the strange thing was that every time the bubble appeared, a sentence would appear, and it would shatter immediately. got used to. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"This is the mourner. They have the power to destroy everything in their bodies, but she can't control this power, so she can only be destroyed."

"Lord Li Soul's actions have violated the Great Thousand World Covenant, but the imprisonment is also to protect her." You Er said helplessly.

"Senior, where is your body?" The next moment, dark green bubbles appeared, and Xiao Yan took the opportunity to ask directly.

"The center of the swamp." After the bubble finished, it shattered.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan heard the words and turned his eyes towards the center of the dark green poison-barrier swamp.

Fortunately, Xiao Yan had been in contact with the poisonous body, and with the protection of the holy flame, this severe poison barrier did not cause much trouble to the two of them.

"Former...Senior?" The two of them just came to the swamp area in the center of the Poison Barrier Void and suddenly saw a rather simple wooden house. On the swing among the trees, leisurely in front of the swing.

Qian Ying is clearly a young woman, with three thousand blue silk falling vertically, her delicate melon-seed face and slender figure set off a dust-like beauty.

No one could have imagined that such a mourner with the power to destroy all things could be such a beautiful woman.

"You Er of the Soul Academy of the younger generation, I have seen the mourners." Looking at the figure in front of him, You Er said respectfully.

"What are you doing here?" Seeing this, Qian Ying smiled slightly, then walked down gracefully from the swing and asked.

However, this Qianying always maintained an elegant smile, as well-mannered as a lady, and kept a distance from Xiao Yan and the two of them from beginning to end, and I don't know why.

"This is nothing like the mourners you mentioned..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was really not connected with the so-called mourners in You Er's mouth.

"Senior, junior Xiao Yan, came here just to find the master of the soul." Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and directly stated his intention.

"He's not here." After Xiao Yan said this, the smile at the corner of Qianying's mouth instantly solidified, but a strange emotion permeated, Qianying shook her head and said.

"..." Hearing this, Xiao Yan cast a vicious glance here and said immediately.

"If that's the case, then disturb." The two of You Er looked at each other, and immediately prepared to leave.

"Master Li Soul is not here, but according to his instructions, anyone who breaks into this place must stay here quietly for the last month." The beautiful girl smiled gracefully, but at this moment, Xiao Yan felt that , The murderous intent hidden under this woman's smile is suffocating!哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~