Chapter 106: Mysterious Demon Thunder!

?? "Why is this Dan Lei different from the one he had drawn from refining medicinal pills before??"

Staring closely at the thunder that swims like a silver snake in the dark clouds, feeling the huge power contained in it, Yue Ru's eyes also flashed with surprise and doubt...

Because this time Leiyun is more powerful than the one in the Alchemist Association assessment, I don't know if Xiao Yan can continue...

Alchemist is indeed the most powerful profession in this world.

Countless pharmacists, the biggest hope in their lives is to refine a thunder cloud that can attract more and more powerful, which means that the rank of the medicine pill is also higher. In their opinion, it is a great honor, and Xiao Yan is also proud of this.

He clearly remembered that even when he was refining medicinal pills in the past, he had never triggered such a terrifying scene. Today's scene is due to the skyrocketing strength. After all, refining medicine is also an extremely time-consuming matter, not only cost-effective. The power of the soul is also not a small load on one's own vindictiveness.

As the fluctuations from the medicine tripod became stronger and stronger, after arriving, a loud and loud noise rang out in the sky of the Yue Family Courtyard, and immediately everyone felt that this piece of heaven and earth seemed to suddenly disappear. It was dark, and in the sky, the clouds quickly condensed from all directions.

The cloud layer condensed this time is not an ordinary black color. As more and more thunderclouds condense, it is an extremely deep dark dark color.

The sky is full of thunder clouds and black fog, and there is no thunderclap, but when people look at the dark clouds that are so deep that they can be sucked in, it seems that even the soul is slightly at this moment. trembling.

In this world, there are only some extremely precious 8th-grade elixirs that can attract the Nine-color Pill Thunder. Above that are the 9th-grade elixirs or even stronger elixirs, and above the 9th-grade is the legend. Among the emperors.

"This Xiao Yan is actually refining imperial medicinal pills?" At this time, even the extremely experienced alchemy masters of the Yue family's complexion became quite exciting.

Being able to watch a master alchemist refining pills at such a close distance will greatly improve one's own medicine refining skills, which is always very attractive to pharmacists. After all, many master alchemists refine pills. There will be strong guards when the medicine is taken, and it is easier to watch it at such a close distance.

"I haven't seen Xuan Molei for many years." Yue Yu, who was standing on the roof, raised her head at this moment, looking at the strange black clouds in the sky, and muttered.

"It's actually a mysterious thunder?" The Golden Dragon King also said with a wry smile, unexpectedly attracting such a powerful thundercloud.

"Master, what is Mysterious Demon Thunder?" Xiao Yan was also puzzled, although he felt a familiar smell from this dark thundercloud.

"I heard Tuo She said that when refining medicinal pills, the ninth grade will attract extremely powerful thunderclouds, and the black magic thunder is one of them, but the thundercloud drawn by refining the imperial medicinal pills has nine colors of thunder. Cloud, Mysterious Demon Thunder, Earth Demon Thunder, and Heaven Demon Thunder!"

"Emperor medicinal pills are also divided into one to nine colors of thunderclouds. Although the power of this thundercloud is undeniable, it is not too dangerous."

"Above the nine-color thunder cloud is the mysterious thunder. This mysterious thunder has quite powerful power, and every thunder calamity is very terrifying."

"Guben Peiyuan Pill is worthy of being a first-order pill of the emperor's rank, and it can actually attract the mysterious lightning. As far as I know, this mysterious lightning is quite vicious, and ordinary four-star fighting emperors are quite difficult to deal with. Because of the hard work..." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also stared solemnly at the black cloud that was constantly wriggling. From there, he felt an extremely strong destructive power. This kind of power was more powerful than the nine colors that appeared in the refining of medicinal pills before. Dan Lei and Black Demon Lei, I don't know how many times stronger...

In the distant sky, the black sound layer was constantly wriggling, and the entire sky and earth above the Yue family was silent, without the slightest sound of thunder, but it was this deadly silence that made people feel terrible.

With the constant squirming of the black cloud layer, about ten minutes later, a square void suddenly and slowly opened in the center of the cloud layer. Inside the void, there was still a black lacquer, like the deepest black hole.

However, just when this circular hole appeared, the cold hairs all over Xiao Yan's body stood up slightly, and the monstrous aura finally swept out of his body without reservation.

When Xiao Yan's aura was soaring, in that void, countless thunder powers condensed together, and then an abnormal sound finally came out, and immediately a black lightning as thick as a tree shot out from it, and then quietly Silently, he swept away towards Xiao Yan below.

Looking at this small black lightning bolt, the surrounding Yue family members were horrified and their bodies retreated sharply.

Because they all know that although the refining of medicinal pills is successful, there is still one last step to meet, and how many high-level medicinal pills are destroyed in this last step.

Xiao Yan stared at the black lightning that even he could feel some danger. With a flick of his finger, a figure glowing with a little golden light swept out of his receiving ring, and then appeared over the wooden house, and it was That golden demon puppet that can absorb Dan Lei.

He also wanted to see if the Golden Demon Puppet could take over the Profound Demon Lightning. After all, the potential of the Golden Demon Puppet that was comparable to that of a five-star Dou Emperor still made Xiao Yan quite satisfied.

"boom!"

With a flash of black thunder, it appeared on the top of the golden demon puppet, and then directly hit the latter's body, but this time, the golden demon puppet, who had never missed a single shot in the past, When the black thunder melted into the body, it was instantly stiff. Immediately, the clothes on the hard surface of the body burst into a mass of powder.

"Bang bang bang!"

After the clothes on the skin of the golden demon puppet were destroyed, the following thunderbolts were also caused, and almost did not have the slightest blocking effect. As long as they were stained by the black thunderbolts, the extremely hard body would be It became soft in an instant. This kind of thing was the first time Xiao Yan had seen in so many years.

Xiao Yan's expression became more and more solemn. With the ability of this golden demon, it was obvious that he could not absorb the destructive power in the black thunder. If this continued, it would also damage the golden demon that had been improved by his master, the Golden Dragon King. , At this time, he must take the shot himself.

"call……"

He let out a sigh of relief, Xiao Yan stepped on the soles of his feet, and his figure appeared directly above the wooden house. He raised his head, surrounded by flames, and in the dark pupils, black lightning flashed violently.

Looking at the black thunder that was getting closer and closer, Xiao Yan clenched his palms slowly, and with the thick clenching of his palms, the energy between this piece of heaven and earth was almost stimulated by some kind, and gathered in his fists overwhelmingly. above.

Dou Di powerhouses are capable of controlling the energy of the heavens and the earth. At this level, even if there is no Dou Qi in their bodies, they can still perform attacks that destroy the world and destroy the world. This is the most terrifying thing about Dou Di powerhouses!

"Let me, Xiao Yan, come and test how capable you are of this mysterious thunder!"

Terrifying energy gathered on Xiao Yan's fist, and among those many shocked eyes, a fist slammed on the black thunderbolt. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: