Chapter 548: Weird Sanyao!

After Xiao Yan read the handwriting on the white paper, his eyes became hot, and the next moment, Xiao Yan wanted to look at the white paper, but unexpectedly the handwriting on the white paper slowly disappeared, as if he had regained his calm. .

"It seems that this great master still has some secrets." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he simply did not stop here.

Looking around, that Shanyao had already read a lot of books, and Snake Xing was also patiently reading the books.

"Did you find anything?" Xiao Yan slowly paced over, came to Shanyao, and spoke to her.

"no……"

"I am the last little princess of Tianmuyu, but I don't know much about Sister Snake Spirit's life experience." Shanyao said, as for the identity of the little princess of the Tianmuyu clan, Xiao Yan naturally told Shanyao.

Although Shanyao didn't believe it at first, Shanyao gradually realized it, so she recognized it.

Following Shanyao's words, Xiao Yan seemed to feel that the youngest princess in the Tianmuyu clan seemed to be extremely smart!

"Don't be in a hurry, look for it slowly." Xiao Yan said comfortingly.

"Yes." Shanyao responded, and then Zaidu grabbed the ancient book and found it.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, did you find anything?" Snake walked towards Xiao Yan and said with a smile, because Snake just saw Xiao Yan go to the desk, as if he saw something, but Snake passed by himself. At that time, nothing was found.

"I didn't find anything." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"Forget it, let's go. Although we haven't found any clues, the life experience of Sister Snake Spirit must have something to do with this mansion... I can feel it." Shan Yao searched for a while, but found nothing, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Let's go." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he glanced at the blank sheet of paper at the back that had already returned to calm.

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the group slowly left the study and returned to the stone table.

"Go to the main hall first or not?" Seeing that Shanyao and Xiao Yan didn't speak, Snake Xing opened his mouth slightly, and then asked for their opinions.

"Go to the pharmacy first!" The next moment, Xiao Yan and Shanyao spoke at the same time.

"Uh..." Snake Xing was taken aback by the simultaneous opening of the two.

"Dad, we have a good understanding." Shanyao smiled slowly.

"Shanyao, don't call me father, it always makes me feel weird." Xiao Yan said helplessly, every time Shanyao called her father, it always made Xiao Yan think of Xiao Xiao who was still on the Dou Qi continent. .

"Then what am I going to call you?" Shanyao said a little unhappily.

"Call me Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan said casually.

"Then I'll call you Brother Xiao Yan!"

"After all, if you hadn't brought the token of our Tianmuyu clan, I'm afraid I would still fall asleep." Shanyao smiled slightly, even if she had accepted that Xiao Yan was the benefactor who saved their clan, she was still joking.

"It's up to you." Xiao Yan also smiled when he heard the words.

"I just saw that you found a lot of books in this study, did you find anything?" Xiao Yan said.

"I didn't find it, but I always felt that when my father put me and the snake spirit in the depths of the lake, it was to let the blood of Sanye Xianlan and the three-headed water spirit snake continue to nourish our body, how did we know that we would be tortured by snakes? The big brother suddenly broke in and not only took away the blood of the three water snakes, but also took the two of us away."

"But I also have to thank Big Brother Snake Xing." Shanyao cast a grateful look at Snake Xing.

"Cough, cough..." Seeing this, Snake Xing couldn't help but feel embarrassed for a while.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"My memory at that time is not very clear. I can only vaguely sense that I seem to have come to this mansion before... and it was brought by the snake spirit." Shan Yao said.

"What?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this!

If Shanyao and the others have visited this manor, doesn't it mean that this is their other home!

If they have been here before, doesn't it mean that Snake Spirit and Shanyao's two daughters have an inseparable relationship with the owner of this mansion!

Xiao Yan was thinking about how the two snake spirits at that time were still baby girls, how could they have been here?

Thinking of this, Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning.

"We did come here before, but I vaguely remember that we came here in a dream..." Shan Yao said slightly.

"In a dream..."

"Immortal-level pharmacist..." Xiao Yan's heart sank when he heard the words, as if he had guessed something.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, what's wrong?" How old-fashioned Snake Punishment was, it was not difficult to see Xiao Yan's concerns.

"It's okay, I should have thought too much." Xiao Yan shook his head, trying his best to make himself not want to go on.

After all, if you were thinking about it, it would be too shocking!

Xiao Yan had vaguely heard that the soul power of immortal-level pharmacists was extremely powerful, and it was easy to implant some memories or other things between Snake Spirit and Shanyao.

"Let's go to the refining pharmacy first. It should be the place where the master of this mansion refines medicine."

"A pharmacist who can step into the immortal rank, a pharmacy is like a rare treasure." Xiao Yan swept away the displeasure just now, and immediately laughed.

"Refining a pharmacy... I remember that there are indeed a lot of strange things in it..."

"But it seems like something broke out of this pharmacy?" Shan Yaobei bit her lip and said in pain.

"What came out?" Xiao Yan asked slightly.

"I don't know, but that thing is very strong!"

"At least it's similar to Big Brother Snake Punishment." Shanyao said solemnly with a gloomy face.

"Be careful!" Xiao Yan was enveloped in the power of his soul, and then he vigilantly probed the surroundings!

If there is really something comparable to snake torture in this refining pharmacy then its strength, I am afraid that it has stepped into the level of the eight-star fighting emperor!

An eight-star Dou Di level powerhouse, I am afraid that a single slap can seriously injure Xiao Yan!

"Don't worry, I'm here!" Snake Xing heard the words, and his heart became vigilant. Obviously, the medicine that Xiao Yan promised himself was very important to Snake Xing at this time, so even if there were really eight-star Dou Di For a high-level character, snake torture will not cause Xiao Yan any problems!

Not to mention the transaction between Snake Xing himself and Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan's strength and temperament shown before is worth Snake Xing's help!

Snake Xing believes that this Xiao Yan will definitely be a character in the future!

"Go in and have a look!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, then glanced at Shan Yao who was standing quietly beside the stone table.

"Shanyao?" Xiao Yan said slightly when he saw that there was no movement in Shanyao.

"I'm fine, it's just Brother Xiao Yan, don't you think it's too obvious to place the pot of turbid wine on this stone table here..."

"I vaguely remember that this pot of turbid wine was not placed here..."

"This is clearly what was placed in the hall... How could it be placed here?"

"And looking at the stone table, the refining pharmacy and the hall, there is not a trace of dust on the three, there must be something wrong here!" Shan Yao finished speaking, her pupils exuding a slight chill!

"Is there anyone here!"

"But why didn't I feel the breath..." Xiao Yan wondered.

Ask for tickets!