Chapter Vol 2 801: The news of life and death 2 Yiquan

"That girl..."

"It seems to be someone from the Valley of Astrology?" It seemed that they were looking at the two girls who were gradually moving away, and some people with good eyesight in the crowd immediately spoke up!

Astrology Valley, a special sect, the number of people in this sect is extremely rare, and the practitioners are different from other sects.

Most of the ordinary sects practice Dou Qi, and except for the Poison Sect that cultivates Poison Dou Qi, or the sects that focus on physical exercise, such as the Ancient Wilderness Hall, the Astrology Valley can be said to be a slanted sword.

Because this sect is impressively practicing astrology, which is the so-called language.

It is said that the true masters of astrology practice in their gestures, cut off life and death, and control life.

It's just that it's not known whether it's true or not, but no one has ever reached that supreme state in the Astrology Valley, so the position of the Astrology Valley is probably enough to be ranked at the bottom of the entire Xuan three days.

With the help of the right time and place and some visions of heaven and earth, the occurrence or result of some things is inferred.

Or change your life against the sky, the various legends about the valley of astrology can be described as extremely absurd.

However, Astrology Valley has always faded out of people's attention. After all, there are too few strong people in this sect, and very few disciples. If it weren't for its particularity, I'm afraid it would have ceased to exist long ago.

The two women just now were two disciples in the Valley of Astrology.

The girl's name is Xing Taki, and she is a powerhouse in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. As for the maid-like woman behind her, it is Xing Taki's little junior sister, Xiaobi, who is in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. Both of them are only average in strength.

It is said that Xiaobi is an orphan who was abandoned. In addition, Xingtaki has been helping Xiaobi in the Astrology Valley, and Xiaobi regards Xingtaki as her own master, so there is a scene like a master and a servant now.

"Miss, what the **** is the Spring of Life and Death?" Xiaobi wondered, and she wrote how her master Xing Taki felt like she lost her soul when she heard the Spring of Life and Death, as if there was a fatal thing in the Spring of Life and Death. Attractive.

"Xiaobi, you don't know something."

"The Eryi Spring of Life and Death is a strange place. It is said that the Eryi Spring of Life and Death has the mysterious effect of changing the power of the human body. In addition, there are some very special effects, but there is no record in the history books."

"But the fact that we can evolve the energy of life in our bodies is enough for us to go."

"After all, in the entire three days of Xuan, there is no response that can improve the level of the power of life, and the level of the power of life determines our combat effectiveness." must.

"It looks like this Life and Death Eryiquan should be a good thing, so let's go take a look." Xiaobi laughed at herself and immediately followed.

As the two women walked towards the location of the two springs of life and death, there were already many disciples around the two springs of life and death.

"Damn, it's really bad luck!"

"I originally wanted to enter the spring of life and death to improve my strength of life, but now where is the spring of life and death?"

"It's strange to say..."

"I remember that others said that Yiquan of Life and Death is here, why can't you see it..." A group of figures said indignantly on a stone.

Following everyone's abuse, I saw that this was actually a swampy area!

In the swamp, the sky was full of trees, which blocked the line of sight, and the visibility was extremely low under the layers of fog.

In the swamp area, keep in mind the danger, the layers of mist seem to have a mysterious power that is seductive, if you step on it a little, you may be swallowed by the swamp in an instant.

However, among the crowd, in a tall tree, several figures slowly appeared here.

"came back?"

"How is it?" With the trembling of the big tree, it seemed that someone was coming back, and then everyone around him stared at the two extremely burly men in front of him, and their voices were full of urgency.

"No, the beast guarding the entrance to the Second Yiquan of Life and Death is too scary. Although the two of us are extremely strong in physical fitness, we can't break through."

"In addition, this is a swamp area. If you use a little body technique, you will be swallowed by the swamp, so it is difficult to deal with." One of the two burly figures said.

These two figures are impressively the two talented disciples of the Ancient Desolate Palace, Feng Hong and Du Chun.

"Impossible, even the two of you can't handle it?" Qi Haoran on the side spoke directly, his voice full of doubts.

"It's not that we can't handle it."

"Although the strength of that beast is comparable to that of the late human Seven-Star Dou Di, this is a swamp area after all. If it is above the ground, we naturally won't be afraid of it." Feng Hong snorted coldly and then spoke.

"I didn't expect you two to be helpless." The next moment, Qi Haoqing stepped forward slightly and smiled.

Qi Haoqing just tried it, and the situation is just as Feng Hong and the two said.

"Qi Haoqing, others are afraid of you, but I am not afraid of you in the Ancient Desolate Palace. If you don't believe it, why don't you let your brothers go and try?"

"Don't you know if you try it?" Feng Hong immediately countered Qi Haoran's Nuo Nuo intimidatingly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's alright, alright, stop arguing." Just when the conflict between the ancient palace and the Xuanling royal family was gradually at odds, Song Yue of Wanjianmen suddenly stood up and said.

"I don't know Brother Song, what's the best way?" Qi Haoran saw Song Yue coming out and it was not easy to care about the people in the ancient wasteland, so he immediately turned his attention to Song Yue.

Beside Song Yue, Hongqian stared at Qi Haoran slightly. For some reason, Hongqian could always feel a very special aura from this guy, but he couldn't tell what it was, but he let him. Hongqian was extremely uncomfortable.

"The current method, I'm afraid..."

"Since the strong can't be done, then the only way is to be soft." Song Yue didn't have a good solution for this, so he spoke immediately.

"Right now, there are not a few people around the Yiquan of Life and Death. Even me, I don't have enough confidence..."

"If you share this news, I'm afraid you will get the benefits in the end..." Qi Haoran obviously knew what Song Yue meant, and immediately opened his mouth. Obviously, Qi Haoran didn't want to give up this free hand.

"Then what else can you do?" Song Yue frowned when he heard this.

"Ah..." Qi Haoran thought for a while, then said helplessly.

"Let's go, share this news and see who has a solution."

"The most important thing now is to break the guardian in front of us first. Only by breaking the level of the guardian will we have a chance to enter the spring of life and death."

"As for destroying the guardians, it depends on their respective strengths who will go into the two Yiquan of life and death to gain benefits in the end." Song Yue said.

"Now, that's the only way to do it." Brother Qi Haoran and Feng Hong nodded immediately after hearing the words.

five more to