Chapter 473: Get the snake out!

"Senior, Qing Yan knows." After a while, the space outside the temple suddenly became quiet.

"It's good to know."

"But don't worry, if you improve your strength, I'm here." Shefu said slowly.

"Xiaoqing, you seem to have made a great contribution this time." After Shefu finished speaking, he slowly turned his head to face the blue and white snake.

"Master, things in the desert area have been very unstable recently, aren't they?" The blue-and-white snake was overjoyed when he saw his master's agreement, and this three-flowered cauldron followed his master's side, I'm afraid the entire nine tribes of the snake-human tribe would be overjoyed. No other thoughts can be regenerated.

His master, Shefu, is currently the most powerful person in the entire Medusa clan!

"The little guy who has the blood of my Snake People and the disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion went to the desert area, where, it doesn't seem to be very peaceful recently..." The blue-and-white snake said slightly, and a chill emerged.

"In that desert land there is a forbidden existence of a fighting immortal powerhouse. Even I can't get in, but I still have to go in there. The things in there are very useful to Qingyan." Shefu finished speaking, the waist Slightly straight.

"En." After hearing this, Qingyan and Qinghua Snake nodded slightly.

"Blue and white snake, something bad happened!" A roar echoed outside the entire temple space.

The person who came was Ang Dong, who was in a state of embarrassment and had some scars of varying degrees on his body.

"Angry East?"

"What's going on?" Blue and white snake shell lips slightly parted, and a bad premonition permeated his heart.

"What are you angry about... This guy's ambitions are quite big, this time it seems..." Shefu narrowed his eyes and said in his heart.

For some unknown reason, after seeing Nu Dong, Qingyan on the side felt a chill of fear spread from his heart.

As for Shefu's partner next to him, the little snake looked at Nu Dong coldly!

This Nudong has a very bad reputation among the nine major tribes of the Medusa clan, and it is said that this person has great ambitions and has to be guarded against.

"A human team entered the Charming Snake Tribe, injured Mei Ye, the deputy leader of the Charming Snake Tribe, and interrogated the location of the desert area. It seemed like what to do..."

"And that group of humans led by a strong man who was even more terrifying than me..."

"Its lineup has two nine-star Dou Emperors and two eight-star Dou Emperors!" Nu Dong said, enduring some pain on his body.

"what?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Two nine-star fighting emperors, two eight-star fighting emperors?" The next moment, the blue-and-white snake was suddenly shocked, and there was a hint of heaviness in his eyes.

"Damn human!"

"Take me away!" The blue-and-white snake snorted coldly, and then the fighting spirit around it slowly dissipated.

"Let me go."

"The two nine-star fighting emperors are not something you can handle." The old man on the side of Shefu said lightly.

"But Master, can't you leave here?" Blue and White Snake said in surprise.

It is said that the guardian who guards the Temple of Medusa cannot leave this place for a lifetime.

"Rules are dead, people are alive."

"But Xiaolu, you should guard here." The old man Shefu stomped the snake-headed cane and limped towards the bottom.

"Let's go, I want to see who actually has the courage to break into our Medusa clan." After the old man of Shefu finished speaking, he exuded a huge green fighting spirit all over his body!

Among the green grudges, the power of black and white is the main force, supplemented by green.

"Bastard, this Shefu is actually a semi-immortal strong man!" Nu Dong cursed in his heart, and then without hesitation, he moved his figure quickly, and then left to face the Charming Snake tribe!

With the departure of Nudong, Qinghua Snake, Qingyan, and Shefu, the space outside the temple suddenly became quiet, and only Xiaolu was here silently.

"Ugh…"

"The rare peace is estimated to be over." The little green snake's pupil moved slightly, then sighed.

After finishing speaking, Xiaolu's whole body turned into a green light, and then turned into a huge snake shadow about a hundred meters in size, slowly lying around the temple.

"Do you want to do it?" Mu Chenfeng opened his mouth slightly, obviously based on his perception, he had long discovered that the Shefu had stayed away from here.

"Wait, there seems to be a huge movement in the temple!" Qin Tian, ​​who had his eyes tightly closed, said.

"What's going on in the temple?" Yaoxin and Xuanling King both looked at each other when they heard the words, and then shook their heads.

"Shabu!" At this moment, in the temple in front of him, an invisible terrifying ripple spread from the surface of the temple.

"Bang bang bang!" Seeing this, Little Green hurriedly activated his vindictive aura and only cared about forming a huge defense in Baizhang Snake's body.

"This is... the blood pressure of the ten-color swallowing python?" The next moment, after the invisible ripples spread, Xiaolu's snake pupils shrank tightly, and then said in shock.

"She... actually succeeded!" A voice of excitement came from Xiaolu's voice!

The invisible ripples and fluctuations just now, ordinary people will definitely not feel any abnormality, but Xiaolu, who also has the blood of the royal family of Medusa, is very clear about this power that comes from blood!

The invisible fluctuation just now was clearly possessed by the blood of the Ten-Colored Sky-Swallowing Python.

In the temple at this time, in a dark space, one person and one beast are slowly closing their eyes.

It's just that the auras on both of them suddenly intensified.

The color scales floated in the air, and the blood of the blood-red ten-color swallowing python was continuously being absorbed into the body. At the same time, the nine-color halo around the color scales was extremely dazzling, and even faintly had the tenth color. appeared!

As for its strength, it also skyrocketed after absorbing blood essence!

Just such a terrifying fluctuation, I am afraid that King Xuanling has never had it!

"What is this?" In a hidden space outside the temple, everyone murmured in the face of the invisible ripples.

"Forget it, let's grab the snake shadow first."

"Remember, you can't let her send a signal, you have to hit it!"

"Otherwise, it will be troublesome." King Xuanling said in a deep voice.

"En." The eight people around responded instantly, only Ye Mo and Qin Tian didn't respond. After all, it's not their turn to do something like this!

"It's actually the power of the ten-colored swallowing python. This time, our Medusa family will definitely give birth to a king!" Xiaolu said with great excitement.

"嘁偁嘁!" Before Little Lu was happy, a few ghostly figures appeared in an instant, and then directly surrounded the little Lu Baizhang figure.

"Humanity?"

"Eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouse?" Xiaolu exclaimed in surprise, and then the huge figure stood up, and a dignified expression appeared in his heart.

"Humph!"

"Go to hell!" Without hesitation, a strange vindictive voice hit Xiao Lu directly!

"Shabu!" Even if Xiaolu has a snake body of a hundred feet, he moves as fast as lightning!

In an instant, he opened a distance of several meters and avoided the terrifying blow.

Seeing that he didn't succeed with a single blow, Xuan Mo was slightly surprised.

"Don't waste time." Several people around said, after the eight people shot together, eight battle qi mixed with different attributes instantly emerged, and then converged into eight-colored rays of light to face the giant snake in front of them!

"Humph!" Xiaolu snorted coldly, and then the figure moved, the speed increased to the extreme, and suddenly fled towards the exit, just about to escape from here, but was unexpectedly scared down by a giant hand.

"Nine Star Dou Di..." Xiaolu was photographed directly by the giant hand, and then was directly imprisoned by the eight-colored light!

Looking up slightly, there are three extremely terrifying figures.

Ask for tickets!