Chapter Vol 4 1807: The battle of good and evil!

Angel!

Holy See Angel!

It symbolizes the highest existence in the world of law enforcement that is generally aloof!

There was a legend in the Daqian world that the angel family was an existence above the heavens and the earth. They were independent and dictatorial and were not bound by the world. They lived in the kingdom of angels. About the entrance to this realm, not many people in the whole Daqian world knew.

The only thing that human beings know is that there is a force dedicated to serving angels in Daqian World. They believe in angels, spread the virtues of angels in Daqian World, and also do things for angels. If they contribute enough, there is still hope to ascend to the kingdom of angels and get Blessed by an angel, there is little hope of eternal life!

That power is the Holy See.

The word "angel" symbolizes the highest-ranking arbiters in the world. Their status in the Holy See is second only to the red-clothed archbishop and the pope, and even in the Great Thousand World, they are not bound by any forces.

"Angel, I didn't expect that I would actually attract an angel to show up..." At this moment, looking at the angel shining like a **** in the pentagram, the demon Marr said with a cracked smile, but there was no fear on his face. , and even a trace of excitement, a crazy smile!

"I'm a roving angel who roams the world, eradicating evil and promoting good, Mekal." The two-winged angel did not say anything. In a lighthearted way, the countless dark green demon powers in this lair were completely wiped out like moths to a flame. Disintegrated, turned into bursts of Sanskrit sounds and dissipated between heaven and earth.

At this moment, the power of the gods is mighty, as solemn as the real gods are reading the judgment to the demon Marr!

"Angel... A long time ago, when I was a mere first-time criminal guard, I wanted to visit in person." At this moment, the demon Marr let out bursts of weird laughter.

As early as when he was one of the weakest members of sin, he had seen the angels, in order to obliterate the devil, he did not hesitate to completely obliterate some innocent lives, including Mal's family. From that time on, slaughtering angels became Mal's wildest wish.

"I am the messenger of God and follow the will of God."

"The devil appeared today, wait, you can't escape the verdict!" Mekal didn't seem to be in a hurry at all. With a look of beauty, a ray of divine light was vented and shot at Marr, and the rest of the light was actually facing Looking at the evil tripod above the evil tree, it can be seen that this guy seems to have some other thoughts about the devil fruit.

"Hahaha."

"The dignified Vatican angel actually came to my poor house. If you don't treat me warmly, wouldn't the world say that Sima is too cold-blooded for my fifth crime?" Marr didn't say much, just waved, a dark green light beam, attacked and walked away, The fierce offensive contained on it is suffocating.

"Boom!" The hot and holy light and the dark green evil light just collided, and suddenly brought a monstrous momentum in the air.

Just like a curtain of light and the black world colliding head-on, the endless divine aura and evil power were vented from the wandering angel Mekal and the demon Marr, and the entire space became violently shaking, and it would completely collapse at any time.

"These two guys are crazy... Do they want to destroy this place?" Seeing that the battle field in mid-air had already evolved into a battle field of roving angels and demons, Soul Yan and Soul Wuji forcibly displayed the body protection black fog protection himself, but the black fog was easily resolved by the power of the angels. I am afraid that if this continues, the two of them will only have to fall.

"It seems that this so-called roving angel is also a bit selfish." At this moment, Xiao Yan stood on the shoulders of the Dark Underworld, and the Dark Underworld burst out with a black light to protect himself, ready to be dispatched by Xiao Yan.

When Xiao Yan just entered the devil's lair, he sensed a trace of divine aura, but he didn't know it was an angel. Now that the capture of Marr has reached the last step, the angel has just appeared, and he just glanced at the evil cauldron from the corner of his eye. Xiao Yan couldn't help guessing about the remaining two Devil Fruits.

"You must get the devil fruit first!" A crazy thought emerged in Xiao Yan's mind, and he quietly approached the evil cauldron with the help of the battle in the sky.

"Boom!" The two eight-star Fighting Immortal-level powerhouses fought against each other, causing a huge wave in the entire nest for a while. Countless overcast winds blew through, and ripples of destructive energy also burst out from the two sides.

"Eight-star fighting immortal-level demon... it's just a low-level means of relying on some evil things." After a simple collision between the two, Mekal returned to the sky above the pentagram to enjoy the holy light. Moisturizing, and the demon Marr also appeared on a branch of the evil tree.

"Squeak!" At this moment, the dark green skin of Demon Marr suddenly exuded an aura that was almost morbid. At that time, a dark green evil energy gently emerged around his body.

"Shengmang, verdict!" Looking at the little movement of the demon Marr, Mekal sneered, and the pentagram all over his body suddenly shone with hot rays of light, and the white wings behind his back were gently stirred, and a pure white saint surrounded by countless angel wings. The sword, like a pillar of the sky, stands in the sky, and it traverses the entire nest space with ease!

"The power of the devil!" Seeing that Mekal used the power of the angel's judgment as soon as he came, the devil Marr did not hesitate, the dark green blood in the body boiled violently, like an erupting volcano erupting, countless dark green evil energy , like the breath of a giant dragon, completely covering the entire nest space.

"Mar!"

"Stop doing unnecessary struggles!"

"Otherwise, all the creatures in the devil's lair in the depths of today will not be able to escape!" With the blessing of the holy sword behind him, Mekal's high-pitched voice penetrated the entire lair.

"It's a pity that we can't slaughter the angels this time, but I believe that when we meet next time, someone will really slaughter you!"

"Squeaky!" At this moment, feeling the extremely hot holy sword above the sky, there was a hint of determination in the eyes of the demon Marr, and then the skin around his body turned into a splatter of blood just like the residual ice meets the raging fire.

"Master... I still failed." Looking at this scene, Gamma and the several sinners behind him looked complicated, looking at Marr who looked like now and shook his head.

"The evil person finally fell into the experiment of his own research, which is really ridiculous!"

"But even so I will bring your soul and body back to the Holy See to accept the cruelest torture in the world!"

"You heretics are unforgivable!" Mekal laughed when he saw the demon Marr.

After the breath, the white and slender jade hand gently lifted up, volleyed a little, and suddenly the countless energy in the lair squirmed violently, the heaven and earth lost their voices, so that the pure white holy sword was forcibly pulled out by it, and the beautiful eyes locked on Marr. The divine power of judgment that can be learned from the world fills the entire void!

"No...you are all wrong."

"The devil experiment, it was successful."

"However, the devil fruit I swallowed is not mature, so I am not a qualified devil, so in order to be able to give birth to a devil with the purest bloodline, I am willing to dedicate my life." At this moment, the dark green color around the devil Marr The evil fog was nourished by Marr's blood, like a group of unforgivable demons, roaring wildly, laughing wildly, and suddenly roaring away at Mekal in a crazy gesture.

"Gamma!"

"Take the rest...you know how to do it!" At the last moment, Marr's voice rushed towards Gamma, and the space immediately turned into a real hell.

In the dark green evil fog's lair, a pure white holy sword filled with sacred aura traversed the entire space, and there were even some other auras here, but for a while, the entire space collapsed and shattered.