Chapter Vol 4 1757: Xeon attitude!

"Humph!"

"In the words of your human beings, are you afraid of flashing your tongue when the wind is strong?"

"Isn't this queen's dignified Six-Star Fighting Immortal's perfect strength comparable to that of a mid-five-star Fighting Immortal in your district?" After a moment of silence, the Demon Queen of Poison Temple opened her mouth.

Since the end of the Demon Suppression Prison, she has returned to the evil tribes outside the realm, and has been reused. Even some king-level powerhouses have improved her strength, and immediately assigned her to go to the Xuanling Continent to capture Medusa and others. In order to hold Xiao Yan hostage.

Although Xiao Yan's strength is weak, the news of the existence of many holy flames on his body has been vaguely exposed to the eyes of the foreign evil clan, so the foreign evil clan will naturally not raise tigers for their long-planned plans, let alone The fall of many evil races is more or less related to Xiao Yan.

"Then give it a try." Xiao Yan said slowly, too lazy to talk nonsense.

His own strength had already reached the late stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, but because of the resurrection Mu Yingying was reduced to the middle stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, and even lost Acacia, but Xiao Yan's combat power was not what it used to be, with the addition of many in his hands. Means, in the face of the six-star Dou Xian consummate Poison Temple Demon Empress, she also has the power to fight.

"Joke!"

"Look at the move!" The Demon Empress of Poison Temple did not hesitate, the red clothes floated, and red energy slowly emerged from under the red clothes. Even after this energy appeared, the sky that was originally clear sky suddenly became The turbid, like the blood-colored scenery of the end of the world, slowly appeared, causing people to panic.

"It's just a little trick... don't panic." Xiao Yan's eyes became deep, and the ancient ruler of the ancient fire of Eternal Fire appeared behind him, staring at the Poison Temple Demon Empress and said.

"Xiao Yan, the future is not what it used to be. Since you insist on courting death today, the future will completely fulfill you!"

"Qiansha Demon Abyss!" With a cold snort, a harsh roar spread out.

"Bang bang bang!" As the Demon Empress of Poison Bracers roared like this, endless blood clouds filled the vast sky of Xuantian San suddenly, and in those blood clouds, there were actually blood-colored phantoms that contained one after another. , The expressions of those phantoms are extremely painful, there are reluctance, hatred, and evil, but without exception, they are all eager for human blood and skin! New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest computer: https://

"嘁偁嘁!" The blood cloud and Moyuan that was so evil in the sky slowly emerged, and countless ordinary people in Xuantian days, an inexplicable depression filled their hearts at that time, they put down all actions in their hands, His eyes were fixed on the emaciated bodies of the evil Poison Demon Empress and Xiao Yan who were bathing in the sky.

At this moment, Xiao Yan's thin body and the body of the Poisonous Demon Empress surrounded by countless evil bodies undoubtedly formed a sharp contrast.

"He...will he win?" At this time, the Poison Sect's residence, Fenxiang Pavilion, Wanhua Valley and some of Xiao Yan's familiar companions in the past slowly stared at the sky surrounded by the blood-red Demon Abyss, and couldn't help but murmured slightly. The clenched, it seems that this is an unprecedented catastrophe.

"Don't worry." After a while, an old man walked out slowly and comforted with a smile.

Bamboo Ember Bamboo Old!

"Then we will wait for the return of his king." After a while, Ling Xuan and the others in the Fenxiang Pavilion also quietly looked at Xiao Yan in the sky.

"A long-lost power... I said goodbye to being busy at first, but now."

"Accept the trial!"

"Come on ruler!"

"Amber Rock Soul Fire!" Xiao Yan's body trembled slightly, and the ancient ruler of the eternal fire was held in his hand.

It's just this time, with the blessing of the amber four-color holy flame, the ancient ruler of different fire has become bright, and even a strange streamer has emerged. The power contained in this streamer is far from It was comparable at the beginning. Obviously, this ancient ruler of different fires is not just a fighting skill condensed by different fires. It seems that there are even bigger secrets, waiting for Xiao Yan to explore.

"The ruler explodes!" Without doing anything, he just grasped the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler in his hand, and immediately used the power of the Amber Rock Soul Fire to abruptly slashed towards the Poison Temple Demon Empress.

"Crash!" The seemingly ineffectual strike contained a holy power to purify the soul, and immediately slashed a huge opening dozens of meters across the blood-colored demonic abyss that filled the sky.

"Devil eats a thousand souls!" Looking at the strange amber flame on Xiao Yan's body, the beautiful eyes under the hat of the Poisonous Demon Empress couldn't help but burst into shock. She didn't dare to hesitate, raised her palms, and even behind her back. Countless shadows in the Demon Abyss projected towards Xiao Yan.

When he was in the Demon Suppression Prison, Xiao Yan didn't have such strength. Now, in the past few decades, Xiao Yan's strength has soared to a level that makes him fearful. become their confidant.

"Bang bang bang!" Scarlet Moyuan was pushed by the Poisonous Demon Empress like this, and immediately carried an unstoppable evil aura, as if the sky was falling, and shot towards Xiao Yan.

"It's good to come!"

"The Third Transformation of the Dragon God!"

"Swallowing inflammation!"

"Hot Explosion!" Seeing such an extremely evil Mo Yuan, Xiao Yan did not have any fear and smiled lightly.

For a time, Xiao Yan's body strength increased rapidly, and the scales on his arm with amazing defensive power, the speed skyrocketed, the most important thing, the power suddenly increased from the middle stage of the Five Star Fighting Immortal to the middle stage of the Six Star Fighting Immortal!

The Amber Rock Soul Flame under the fusion of the four-color holy flame, coupled with the increase of the swallowing flame technique, really made Xiao Yan's strength skyrocket by a whole rank in a short period of time!

"Four fingers in the sky!"

"Call the sky with one finger!"

"Two fingers break the sky!"

"Three fingers break mountains and rivers!"

"Four-fingered hole in the sky!" Seeing the blood-colored demon abyss getting closer and closer, Xiao Yan's palm suddenly lifted, and the four heaven-penetrating fingers shot directly at it. That kind of power was enough to easily obliterate any Five-Star Dou. fairy.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, Xiao Yan also knows It is obviously not enough to completely solve the six-star consummate Poison Temple Demon Empress by attacking. Some powerless.

"Bang bang bang!" Four fierce fingers just appeared, and they blocked the arrival of the blood-colored demon for a while, and immediately shattered.

"Acacia Flame Domain!"

"The reincarnation of Buddha's anger in the state of four colors!" As the four fingers completely dissipated, the entire sky was also completely enveloped by a touch of extremely hot pink flame energy, and even Xiao Yan quietly stood in the field, on the palm of his hand. , the four-color beautiful lotus seeds are gently creeping, but there are heart-pounding fluctuations on them!

"Not good!" Seeing this scene, the face of the Demon Empress of Poison Sha was finally completely moved!

Because from the inconspicuous four-color fire lotus, she could smell a wave of destruction that was infinitely close to death!

"late……"

"Let's stay here completely!" Seeing that the Demon Empress of Poison Brahma was so desperate, she even gave up Mo Yuan's support and control, and fled outside the realm as if she were fleeing. The void completely solidified, and the delicate lotus seeds in his hands were projected away.

At this moment, the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple just knew why Xiao Yan was noticed by the great powers of the evil clan, but unfortunately she did not know that Xiao Yan had mastered so many terrifying fighting skills of holy flame fusion, otherwise it would be given to her. Even if she had a hundred courage, she would not attack the Xuanling Continent with the power of the foreign evil clan.

It's really a wrong step, a wrong step.