Chapter Vol 2 813: settled

"Soul Devouring Talisman?" Xiao Yan saw the appearance of this extremely mysterious thing, said to be one of the best treasures in the ghost world, and immediately hesitated, not knowing what the purpose of this thing was at this time.

However, he felt vaguely uneasy. The evil power contained in this soul-devouring talisman was probably more terrifying than the two on them.

"Soul Eater Talisman?" Seeing the evil power of the two Qi Haoran brothers who were still laughing, he snorted coldly, and then stared straight at the mysterious rune in Xiao Yan's palm!

The mystery of the Soul Eater, 3 is more evil than the evil power in them!

"Why, do you recognize this thing?" Xiao Yan asked immediately when he saw the evil power on Qi Haoran's body exclaiming.

"Boy, you give me this, no matter what you need, I can give it to you!" Qi Haoran's evil power controlled Qi to speak immediately.

"for you?"

"Okay." Xiao Yan heard this and smiled, as if a smirk slowly sounded in his heart!

This Soul Eater Talisman has already recognized Xiao Yan as the master. Unless Xiao Yan takes the initiative to release this binding, or Xiao Yan falls, others will not be able to use this thing. Therefore, when this evil force speaks, Xiao Yan does not wait at all. Hesitantly, he said directly.

"Give it to me!" Xiao Yan saw Qi Haoran's pupils staring at the mysterious and evil Soul Eater Talisman on Xiao Yan's palm, an indescribable greed.

"Here!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and suddenly threw the Soul Eater Talisman in his hand towards Qi Haoran.

"Hahaha!"

"Soul Eater Talisman, I finally got you!"

"From now on, I will be the ninth five in the ghost world, and any strong person must respect me!"

"Hahaha!" Qi Haoran's terrifying smile echoed in the entire molten world. As for Qi Haoqing beside him, he stared at Qi Haoran blankly.

"That is…"

"Qi Haoran?"

"What is he doing?"

"What is that thing in his hand?" Not long after, the crowd that entered came slowly to the edge of the swamp, the top of the molten world.

"It's too early to be happy." Because Xiao Yan was concentrating on dealing with the evil power of the evil race outside the realm, he didn't notice the crowd that had already appeared.

Following Xiao Yan's voice, a force from Xiao Yan rushed towards Qi Haoran, but the target was the Soul Eater Talisman in his hand.

The Soul Eater Talisman in Qi Haoran's hand was controlled by Xiao Yan, and it suddenly transformed into a very strange black gas. With a whistling sound, it devoured Qi Haoran directly!

The breath completely disappeared, obviously it has fallen, not even the scum is left!

"no no!"

"You can't devour me!"

"I am..."

"Your master..." Before Qi Haoran could finish his words, he was immediately swallowed up by the Soul Eater Talisman!

On the other hand, Qi Haoqing, with fear in his eyes, fled desperately towards the swamp area, trying to stay away from Xiao Yan, the murderous devil!

"It's your turn!" As the Soul Devouring Talisman devoured Qi Haoran, Qi Haoran's strength was as powerful as the late stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, and all the scum that was swallowed by the Soul Devouring Talisman was not left, and then he held the black Soul Devouring Talisman. Chase away towards Qi Haoqing.

However, the Soul Eater Talisman devoured Qi Haoran and dispersed some evil power into Xiao Yan's body. The evil power was immediately absorbed by the blood demon's golden energy, which affected Xiao Yan's perception.

And just in the molten world, when one person chasing another person dramatically appeared, some of the powerhouses at the top of the molten lava couldn't help but murmured, "This Xiao Yan, actually dare to kill someone from the Xuanling royal family?"

After the strong man finished speaking, his face was full of disbelief!

But the truth is in front of you!

Just when they came to the molten world, they clearly saw that Qi Haoran seemed to be crazy, and then Xiao Yan displayed a black power, and all the scum that Qi Haoran was killed was not left!

"It's troublesome now..." Xiao came back to his senses, and seemed to have found those strong men in the sky, and immediately snorted inwardly.

"Well, Xiao Yan, you dare to kill the disciples of the Xuanling royal family. Now I think you jumped into the Yellow River and can't wash it!" A familiar figure spoke slowly in the crowd.

This person is Xu Guang!

Xu Guang had been hiding in the crowd because he was seriously injured before, but now he saw what Xiao Yan had done and immediately stood up.

Xiao Yan killed his own follower. This matter can be big or small. With Xu Guang's temperament, it is natural to know that Mingjiao can't do it for the sake of a small follower and Xiao Yan, but Qi Haoran was killed by Xiao Yan. , this is different.

Who is Qi Haoran? Qi Haoran can be said to be the most gifted and powerful disciple in the Xuanling royal family.

"Boom boom boom!"

"Xiao Yan, you should wait for the sanctions of the Xuanling royal family." After Xu Guang finished speaking, he swept out of the molten world. With his current strength, I am afraid that the ruins will not be able to benefit, so now the only way is to use This news told the Xuanling royal family that someone would come to clean up Xiao Yan at that time.

"Xiao Yan, he actually killed Qi Haoran." Although Xiu Qi was extremely surprised, Qi Haoran was a real powerhouse in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, and Xiu Qi himself had no certainty of victory. killed.

"The Xuanling Royal Family will definitely not give up, this is trouble." Qin Xin saw this and understood the importance of the matter, so she said slowly in a low voice.

The relationship between the Fenxiang Pavilion and the Xuanling royal family was like water and fire.

"Alas, it seems that Xiao Yan's fate had this fate." Seeing this, Song Yue shook his head involuntarily.

Before Xiao Yan gave them medicinal pills to help his lover relieve the pain, Song Yue had a good impression of him.

"It seems that the Fenxiang Pavilion is in big trouble." The five poisons also said slightly, and the most senior sect disciples like them naturally know what a talented eldest disciple means to the sect. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

"I don't care." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, put away the Soul Eater Talisman, straightened his breath, and flew up slightly towards Mu Yingying and her party.

Xiao Yan's figure just came to the top of the molten world, and everyone suddenly took a step back.

"Are you alright?" Mu Yingying didn't care about other things, she only cared about Xiao Yan's safety.

"It's fine." Xiao Yan replied softly.

"It's fine, nothing else, let's go back and talk about other things." Seeing that Xiao Yan was hesitating to speak, Xiu Qi said directly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Everyone, we are here just to enter the Spring of Life and Death. As for other things..." Xiu Qi snorted coldly, and then the killing intent emerged from the sky.

Seeing this, the other powerhouses took a step back, but Xiao Yan knew that these people were excellent disciples of some sects.

"Forget it, let's take one step at a time." Xiao Yan shook his head slightly, obviously there was nothing he could do about the pitiful soul-devouring talisman.

Just when Xiao Yan killed Qi Haoran slowly subsided, in the molten world, a huge body suddenly stirred violently!

"The guardian has successfully survived the calamity..." Song Yue said slowly with an extremely ugly expression on his face.

Ask for tickets!

today's six