Chapter Vol 4 2225: Join forces to summon the devil, the ancient formation of the wilderness!

"Boom!"

The scorching purple flame and blue flame, like two flaming blades capable of opening up the world, stood majestically in front of the two of them.

"What a powerful offensive."

Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan hid behind an ancient tree. When their eyes were fixed on their bodies, the void beneath their feet suddenly twisted. Get heavy.

"The power of the Great Elder's formation cannot be underestimated."

Xiao Yi said.

"This kind of formation is probably condensed from hundreds of thousands of formation patterns. Although it is not a battle formation master's technique, it is displayed only by the formation scroll, but it is extremely terrifying!"

Xiao Yan's eyes became extremely cold.

"Let's do it!"

The monstrous offensive condensed by the two flames swept down like an angry thunder that soared for nine days, with unparalleled terrifying fluctuations, directly hitting the edge of the formation.

At that time, the formation was so provocatively provoked, and endless strange auras slanted out. Those powers were like transparent and illusory, spreading for hundreds of meters, wrapping the Yaoji statue and the position of the great elder, but the two flames The attack fell, but there were no energy ripples. I saw a humming sound in the original transparent formation, and the gray energy spread out without warning. It was like a desolate source that corrodes all things. Wherever he went, it turned out to be ashes, and even the flames involved in the two reincarnation forces dimmed in an instant, and disappeared without a trace after a while.

"Crack!"

After the blink of an eye, the two flames did not cause any disturbance, and were swallowed up by the gray wasteland.

In the entire vast void, one after another dead gray desolate source spread out, and the bursts of roars seemed shocking.

Suddenly, above the golden coffin, a jet-black beam of light suddenly condensed out, and immediately shot out from above the golden coffin at a speed invisible to the naked eye, trying to break through the shackles of the formation and escape from here.

"Whoa!"

For a time, the entire space of the nest was shrouded by the formation, the wind was blowing, and countless wild beasts from the ancient times roared and reverberated in the nest.

"The power of the waste?"

Seeing that the two men's joint attack was actually swallowed up by this gray energy, the two explained invariably and said, their bodies were several meters away from the edge of the formation.

Even when he saw that the strange black pillar was actually destroyed by this formation, the core inscription of divine movement in Xiao Yan's body became squirming.

"The real waste is an ancient divine beast, a peerless beast that is comparable to the three gods, and its strength has already entered the realm of the source, how is it possible..."

Second Elder Ma Lin stared at the scene in front of her with her beautiful eyes, she couldn't believe it.

As the second elder, she is very aware of the terrifying power of the formation in front of her, but according to the records in the clan, it seems that this formation has never had such terrifying power?

"This is the power of the formation. The power of this formation is not bad. In my opinion, I am afraid that when the Great Elder used it, he should have deliberately added a trace of the origin of the ancient desolate beast. The power of this formation is stronger than that of the previous formation. Wei is too domineering."

Xiao Yan hurriedly spread his voice out and asked the two to do a lot of defense.

"Could it be that this is the formation left by the goddess Yaoji, the ancient formation of the wilderness?"

Yao Laogui didn't attack rashly, but kept looking at the space below, on the wood strips on the edge of the nest, where there were shadows of obscure wild beasts.

It seems that this land is filled with a rare dead gray color, and this strange dead gray color makes them extremely uncomfortable.

But in the same way, with the existence of the power of the formation, those evil auras cannot completely leave here.

"No, this formation should be set up by the Great Elder in order to prevent evil spirit monsters from leaving here rashly and harming my elves."

"Regardless of the enemy or me, once a shot is made, it will stop the attacker."

"But in order to completely solve the scourge, we can only crack the formation first."

The two shook their heads, and for a while they had no choice but to bite the bullet.

"Two seniors, the power of the formation can be broken without brute force. It is different from the power of the soul, so let me try it."

Just when the two looked solemn, the power of reincarnation in their bodies was running to the limit, and when they were about to suppress the formation with brute force, Xiao Yan took a step forward and came to the two of them.

"A battle formation master?"

"But your formation pattern skills are only about 100,000. This ancient deserted source formation has a terrifying existence of 200,000 to 300,000 pattern patterns. I'm worried that you will not be able to bear it..."

Seeing Xiao Yan's brave figure, Second Elder Ma Lin was extremely pleased, but after thinking about it, such a move was extremely inappropriate, so he hesitated.

"Don't worry, I trust this guy."

"You control and decipher this formation, and we will share the rest of the power for you, but remember, don't force it."

"The power of the pattern is different from the power of the soul. Once it is broken, I am afraid no one can save you."

"And the power of this ancient desolate formation is desolate. Once it is contaminated, I am afraid that even us will be extremely concerned. You have to be careful."

Yao Laogui said with a solemn expression, no jokes can be made at this time.

"Okay!"

Xiao Yan readily agreed, but he was overjoyed.

I was worried that I didn't have this level of formation, but I didn't expect to encounter it.

"Wong buzzing!"

Xiao Yan closed his eyes and rested his mind. The core inscription of the divine movement in his body and the Nigong Pills worked together, and the majestic spiritual power emerged like a river, easily entwining around the edge of the formation.

"Is it really useful?"

In order to prevent the evil spirit monsters from running away Second Elder Ma Lin and Yao Laogui joined hands to seal the lair in Zaidu, and just now stared at Xiao Yan carefully.

"bring it on!"

When the power of the array pattern reached its limit, Xiao Yan's eyes flashed with rare madness, and he immediately controlled these powers and stepped into the range of the ancient deserted formation.

"Pfft!"

Under the inclination of Xiao Yan's fighting formation master's power, the power in the entire nest instantly quieted down, as if time and space had stopped.

Under such an unusually cold silence, everyone saw that the extremely terrifying gray desolate source was slowly injected into Xiao Yan's body under Xiao Yan's control.

"He... he is absorbing the power of the wasteland?"

"Can't you find death?"

At this moment, Rao Yi Yao Lao Gui's calm expression couldn't help but roar.

"Huhu."

"Let's live up to expectations, the main event is next."

Xiao Yan opened his eyes, and the two elders could clearly feel that an invisible ancient desolation was spreading from Xiao Yan's body. That kind of aura actually made them both feel a long-lost heart palpitation!

At the same time, the luxuriant forests, trees, and even the soil and rocks in the entire nest turned dull and ashes in a rotten and withered appearance.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: