Chapter Vol 4 1622: Tier 3!

"The Pattern of Dominance?"

"What is this?" Hearing the surprised voice of the Soul Eater, Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly became deep, and his eyes were filled with doubts, but Xiao Yan could find that his right arm passed halfway through. After the dragon transformation, the power, destructive power and even the defensive power will increase by geometric multiples. I am afraid that it can easily cope with the powerhouses in the late stage of the four-star fighting immortals.

"I told you that Baxia is one of the powerhouses in the Great Thousand World who has cultivated to the peak of the water attribute. The scales of Baxia are the scales on his body."

"And the dragons are different from your human beings. The dragon scales on the dragons are close to the body. Over time, they will be contaminated with the power of their cultivation. Therefore, there is a very weak chance on the dragon scales. It will carry its dragon marks. A dragon scale with a dragon pattern has a trace of the dragon king's power." The Soul Eater said expectantly, and then his eyes fixed on the dragon scale on Xiao Yanqing's right arm, even if it was a His current power is also able to faintly discover some subtle fluctuations from above, as unfathomable as the ocean.

"A trace of strength?" Xiao Yan said incredulously when he heard the words.

Xiao Yan does not know the specific power of the nine dragon kings of the dragon clan, but to be so praised by the Soul Eater Lord, I am afraid that their power is unfathomable, and if they really have the power of a trace of the tyrant into the water, then Xiao Yan is a collection of The powerhouse with the four attributes of fire, wood, thunder and water!

Four-attribute powerhouses, the powerhouses who master the two types of attributes are very few in the world. If Xiao Yan, the four-attribute powerhouses, let go of the wind, I am afraid that they will become the target of countless forces to loot, and if they grow up in the future, their combat power will be very low. , I am afraid it is very scary.

"How is it?" After Shun breathed, the Soul Eater asked eagerly, watching Xiao Yan close his eyes and concentrating on carefully comprehending the water attribute power contained in the pattern of the tyrant on his arm.

Although this tyrant's pattern is a tyrant's thing, it is hard to say whether it carries the peak water attribute power of the tyrant. Hastily decided.

"I sensed that the pattern of the tyrant in the dragon scales of the tyrant is actually a defensive fighting skill..." After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes flashed with surprise, and he said.

"Defensive fighting skills?" The Soul Eater nodded lightly when he heard the words, and he mastered the power of mountains. The defensive power was extremely terrifying, and with the power of the water attribute, this defensive fighting skill must be extremely terrifying, just right for it. Xiao Yan today.

"Now that I have the Defensive Fighting Skill of the Water Attribute, and I add the Destruction Power of the Fire Element, the power of Xiao Lei, the soul clone, and finally cultivate the Power of the Wood Attribute, I'm afraid I can handle many emergencies... even The one-hundred-year agreement is also strong enough to set foot on." Xiao Yan muttered to himself when he noticed the dazzling power on the dragon's arm, but when talking about the one-hundred-year agreement, Xiao Yan's palm involuntarily clenched tightly. .

Xiao Yan has always attached great importance to the century-old appointment made by the so-called guardian of the Xiao family, Qianying. Originally, Xiao Yan's strength reached Dou Xian, so he could go to the appointment. It is to repay the help of the Soul Eater, so he came to the ghost world to help the Soul Eater, and secondly, it is also to accumulate strength.

Xiao Yan knew that the Xiao clan was wiped out overnight for no reason, and even countless vassal races disappeared. It was him who went to the appointment, and the guardians of the Xiao family would not reveal all the secrets they knew.

However, after this trip to the ghost world was over, Xiao Yan believed that he already had the strength to understand and solve those things, so the one-hundred-year appointment was delayed again and again by Xiao Yan.

"Are you alright?" Seeing Xiao Yan falling into a trance for a short time, the Master of Soul Eater opened his mouth and said.

"fine."

"Teacher, this place has been resolved now. The defensive fighting skills of Dominion are also in my heart. In the future, I can directly use it when fighting people. It's not too late, let's go to the next floor." The dragon arm was put away directly and returned to its normal appearance. With one step, he walked towards the passage, which was the entrance to the third floor.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan had just left his forefoot, and suddenly a man like a sweeping monk appeared here.

"What kind of guy has entered the Earth Spirit Pagoda? Why is the Ghost Queen's breath extremely vague, and the Dragon Blood Emperor's breath is also extremely obscure, what the **** is going on?" The man dressed as a floor sweeper stood in the barren void on the second floor. self-mumbling.

"That guy is a disciple of our Spiritual Academy, named Xiao Yan." Just when this sweeping monk was puzzled, a strong man with the same dazzling aura also appeared together.

Ling Yuanzi, the head of the Lingyuan Institute!

"Ling Yuanzi, the inner space of the Earth Spirit Pagoda has lost two strong men one after another. One of them is the old part of the Lord of Soul Eater, and the other is a descendant of the Dragon Race. The matter of these two is no trivial matter, and this disciple's experience must be terminated."

"It's over!" Seeing the appearance of Ling Yuanzi, the man who was sweeping the floor did not step back, and the dazzling aura permeated his body.

"Di Xuzi, these things are not something you need to worry about... You should think about how to raise the status of the Earth Spirit Academy to the top of the five academies, so as to ensure that the Lord of Souls has given us abundant resources."

"This disciple, it's impossible to quit... Otherwise, if I'm hungry, I don't mind having an upright fight with you. After all, I haven't fought with all my strength for a long time." At the end of the sentence, the two were actually fighting with each other, as if they would meet at any time. General war.

"Oh, that's all, if something happens in the depths of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, you will be responsible for all these responsibilities." As soon as he finished speaking, the figure of the sweeper slowly disappeared. He knew that if the two of them really foughtI am definitely not Ling Yuanzi's opponent.

"It seems that they were right to choose to leave Li Soul Domain... When I repay the favor of the Lord of Li Soul, it will be time to leave."

"But I've been restless recently, is there something going on..." As soon as the voice fell, the two figures disappeared one after another, and the place was returning to peace.

"Huh!" On the other side, Xiao Yan, who had left the second floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, stepped into the space passage and immediately walked towards the third floor. However, Xiao Yan found that as the floors of the Earth Spirit Pagoda got deeper, the The pressure of the stock is also diffused. This pressure is the absolute suppression above the strength, just like in the Earth Spirit Pagoda, because of the Chaos Element, I am afraid that there are many powerful guys who are suppressed and sealed.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the dark space channel was shattering, and Xiao Yan's figure was pulled directly into an unfamiliar area. This time Xiao Yan did not panic. Because of the chaos system of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, everyone entered. In the Earth Spirit Pagoda, every floor experienced is different, because of the mysterious and unpredictable chaos system.

"What place is this?" Just as the space stabilized, the dazzling white light disappeared, Xiao Yan's pupils slowly opened and he lost his voice.

"This is... a world of lava?" The next moment, Xiao Yan felt the scorching heat around him like a steamer.

On the third floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, it seems...

Is it a molten world?