Chapter Vol 4 932: 7 Star Doudi?

And with the huge battle of the Medusa family and the Xuanling royal family, it naturally spread to many super sects in Xuantian Santian.

However, the senior leaders of the super sect were also indifferent and did not make any noise. After all, the sect competition will start in less than a year. At this moment, the disciples of their respective sects are concentrating on their cultivation.

Burning Incense Pavilion Five Bamboo Residence.

"Huhu."

"The air outside is still good." Xiao Yi pushed aside her room and said while looking outside.

Xiao Yi was also quite helpless when her eldest brother Xiao Yan called her to go to the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family. She entered the underground palace smoothly, but did not find Xiao Yan's aura, and immediately returned without success.

As soon as he returned to the Burning Incense Pavilion, he learned the news of Xiao Yan's retreat, but the good news is that Xiao Yan also deliberately put the fire of life and death in his room, so at this time, Xiao Yi has successfully entered the next door. a stage.

"If you are fighting with Big Brother's possession, I'm afraid you can fight the Nine Star Dou Di who has entered the rank nine level."

"Devouring the life-and-death medicinal materials, my strength has skyrocketed to the level of a rank five nine-star Dou Emperor." Xiao Yi felt the power of the origins in her body and couldn't help laughing.

"It turned out to be Brother Yi."

"Your aura is a bit strong." Mu Feng said slowly.

Although Xiao Yi's identity is special, but now Xiao Yi's strength is probably even more arrogant.

"Xiao Yan hasn't left the customs yet?" Seeing Xiao Yi sitting in the yard smiling and responding to him, Mu Feng came out directly.

The five of them, Green Flute had already returned to the Medusa clan, while Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi had just returned, and they had retreated one after the other. In addition, Mu Yingying had been in the forbidden area of ​​the Burning Incense Pavilion since her return. , so Mu Feng was suffocated.

"I think it should be soon." Xiao Yi looked at Xiao Yan's room and said.

"Squeak." Just as Xiao Yi finished speaking, Xiao Yan's house was gently pushed open, and a figure appeared slowly.

"Big brother." Xiao Yi said directly without thinking about it.

"Hahaha, your kid actually broke through in front of me." Xiao Yan said with a hearty smile, and immediately put his hand on Xiao Yi's shoulder.

"Hey, it's still the life-and-death gunpowder that big brother collected." Xiao Yi said with a grin.

"Breakthrough?" At this time, Mu Feng's pupils also solidified slightly, and his smile gradually became strange, staring at Xiao Yan.

"I was lucky enough to break through to the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di." Xiao Yan said without concealing it.

"Damn, you are all monsters." Mu Feng couldn't help but utter a foul language when he heard this.

He possesses a mysterious cultivation technique, and with the help of that mysterious cultivation technique, his current strength has finally been raised to the level of a six-star Dou Emperor consummation. …

"Good luck." Xiao Yan was not proud, but said modestly.

"I got it."

"If anyone had your luck, I'm afraid our Fenxiang Pavilion would have occupied the master of the Xuanling Continent." Mu Feng rolled his eyes and said.

"By the way, how long until the sect competition?" Xiao Yan suddenly asked.

"It should be half a year." Mu Feng said.

"Half a year..."

"It just so happens that I still have some medicinal herbs to refine. I think I can perfect them before the sect competition." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Where are Mu Yingying and Lvdi?" Xiao Yan asked after looking around and seeing that Mu Yingying and Lvdi were nowhere to be seen.

"Green Flute has returned to the Medusa family. There should be something."

"As for Mu Yingying, I don't know much, but I always feel that I might have to trouble you with this matter." After Mu Feng finished speaking, her face turned ugly.

Obviously, after returning from Mu Yingying, you have never been to Wuzhuju, so I don't know if she was under house arrest or what.

"In this case, you'd better go to the forbidden area to see for yourself." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he sighed and walked slowly back to his room.

"Big brother." Seeing Mu Feng like this, Xiao Yi couldn't help but say something.

"As I said, she is our partner." Xiao Yan slowly shook his head.

"I'll take a look, you guys are here waiting for my news." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he went directly to the forbidden area of ​​the Burning Incense Pavilion.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this time, the forbidden area of ​​Burning Incense Pavilion is naturally the highest-standard conference room.

Since Yanchi was rescued back then, this conference room has become a living place for Mu Yingying and Yanchi.

"Brother, I want to see him..." At this moment, in the conference room, Mu Yingying stared in the direction of Wuzhuju, her pupils filled with longing.

When I left my own world and came to Xuan Santian, I was looking for my brother. Now that I found my brother, I have also let go of the heavy responsibilities in my heart, and naturally I have time to think about other things.

"no."

"Although according to what you said, that kid is very likely to know the identity of your holy flame, plus that kid always feels weird to me, it seems that he exists to devour us..."

"So it's impossible for me to let you go into the tiger's mouth." Yan Chi said.

After Yan Chi came back, he re-dressed, his eyebrows and hair were all red, which looked quite strange, but his strength was undoubtedly a perfect level of one-star fighting immortals!

"Brother, Xiao Yan is not that kind of person!" After Yan Chi said this, Mu Yingying frowned immediately, and said to Yan Chi Jiao Jiao, her beautiful eyes also revealed a deep resentment.

"Silly sister, believe your brother's words."

"I just don't want you to get hurt." Yan Chi couldn't help but the girl was so coquettish, and his tone softened immediately.

"do not want."

"During your absence, if it wasn't for that guy, I'm afraid now I don't know that he was eaten by that person." Mu Yingying continued.

"That kid's aura is too weird. Just because that kid already has a holy flame on him, I won't let you take the risk." Yan Chi said coldly, he knew that this kind of thing has two consequences. , so for the safety of Mu Yingying, it is better to refuse from the beginning.

"My good brother, I have listened to your words for so many years. This time, let me be willful, okay?"

"Also, the injury in your body also requires Xiao Yan's holy flame." Mu Yingying walked quickly to Yan Chi, stretched out her jade hand, and directly grabbed Yan Chi's arm and swayed.

"Ugh……"

"I really can't help you But..."

"No, no..." Looking at the fiery anticipation in the girl's pupils, Yan Chi sighed, and then gently patted her with her arms, trying to knock the girl out.

"why……"

"Why is it impossible..." And with Yan Chi's approach, the arm had just been raised to Mu Yingying's stamina, and before it hit, even the three thousand blue silk in the pupil of the girl in front of him instantly turned into a blue sky Color, an unprecedented majestic force, suddenly emerged.

"My brother is here."

"Let's go back."

"No more treatment, let's go back, I just want you to be happy." When Yan Chi finished speaking, his nose suddenly became sore.

"Brother, I hate you!" After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she broke free from Yan Chi's restraint and ran out, but there was a deep resentment in her pupils.

"Oh, my silly sister."

"People's seven emotions and six desires, only the words "love" hurt people the most. My brother has been wounded all over the place. I don't want you to make the same mistakes again..."

"I just want you to be simply happy, what did I do wrong..." Rao Yiyanchi's current One Star Fighting Immortal Consummate strength was helpless for a while, but his nose was sore.

However, it's not just Yan Chi, even Fen Tian didn't detect the inconspicuous bloodstains on Yan Chire's body before. The bloodstains are extremely evil!