Chapter 51: 7 light groups and 7 stone carvings!

"Xiao Yan!" Wu Huan said viciously towards Xiao Yan who didn't know what strange method to use to break the formation.

Xiao Yan also wondered why the formation did not attack others but attacked himself, but when he first came into contact with the fire dragon, he felt that the fire dragon seemed to be very afraid of Xiao Yi!

Then, following Xiao Yi's footsteps, he led Yueru through the formation. With Xiao Yi leading the way, the flame power and the demon lotus in the formation obediently gave way, and this was the scene.

The hall is very wide, and people stand in it, like ants. In the center of the hall, there are seven huge light groups. The light groups are suspended in the air. A scroll-like thing exists.

"Immortal fighting skills and exercises!"

Just relying on the terrifying fluctuations emanating from the light group is known.

His eyes swept through these light groups that exuded a strange coercion. Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly stopped at the center of the seven light groups. There, there was a stone seat and a stone coffin. The stone coffin was calm and peaceful. It's inconspicuous, but on the stone seat on the side, there is a gray-white skeleton, hand pinched, sitting cross-legged...

"The bones of the emperor..."

Looking at the skeleton, Xiao Yan's mouth suddenly felt a little dry. This was the first time he had seen the skeleton of a strong Dou Emperor since Dou Di Continent. The coercion at the place was like a jack, causing Xiao Yan and the others to feel a sense of depression.

"This is the main hall of the ruins..." Yueru whispered.

Xiao Yan nodded slightly, his eyes shifted away from the light group and the skeleton, and looked behind him, at the exit of the formation, where there were already quite a few figures standing, and all of them had a strong aura, and among them, Xiao Yan Also saw Feng Yi, Wu Huan and others again.

"Hey, it came quite quickly..." Seeing these figures, Xiao Yan couldn't help but sneered across his face.

Because he also learned from the well-informed master, the Golden Dragon King, that the formation before the main hall could not stop them for a long time. For some reason, the formation seemed to lack the core things.

Inside the vast hall. The figures are scattered, except for a few loners, most of the rest are those big forces with strong reputations in the five major cities, except for the powerful Wu Huan in Wucheng and Feng Yizhi in Fenglei City. In addition, the Living Dead City, Magnolia City, Beast City and other forces all came here. It seems that their goals are quite clear. Once they broke the formation, they rushed here directly, for fear that they would be a step late. People take away!

And when Wu Huan and the others entered the hall, Xiao Yan, who was carrying a heavy ruler, naturally attracted the attention of many of them. The next step was to be alert, or hostile, or friendly to Xiao Yan. Projected over.

To these glances, Xiao Yan smiled and glanced at the direction where Wu Huan and the others were, only to see the latter and the others staring at him gloomily, presumably still remembering what they had eaten in that formation. A big loss, Xiao Yan also had a sneer on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth when he saw this scene, under the gazes of those many eyes.

He walked slowly into the hall with Yueru, and then stopped in the hall.

Walking into the main hall, Xiao Yan just discovered that there were seven figures sitting around the towering stone seat. How many years have been preserved, but even so, these seven stone sculpture-like figures exude a terrifying aura, making everyone dare not set foot in the ten-foot range around the stone steps.

"protector?"

Seeing these stone-like figures without the slightest anger, Yueru also whispered in surprise.

"Well...and I'm afraid they are quite powerful guardians. You can feel it just from the stone carvings. If I expected it to be good, these seven stone carvings should all have the strength of Dou Di."

"Since this is the place where the emperor lost, these people should be the guardians of the emperor."

Xiao Yan's eyes also flashed a dignified color. Although these stone carvings are motionless at the moment, they have just not been triggered. It is conceivable that once these stone carvings are activated or awakened, it will inevitably be a fierce and unusually brutal fight. .

"Moreover, these stone carvings can guard the main hall. These people must have been strong men before their lives. Maybe they are the emperor's subordinates. We should be careful." Xiao Yan also noticed a slight difference with his bright eyes. .

Hearing that, Yueru has changed slightly. Although the seven Dou Di-level powerhouses do not know the clear strength of stone carvings, since they can follow the emperor, how can they be mediocre? This lineup. Even if the powerhouses present work together to clean it up, the loss will certainly not be small.

"As expected of the relics of the emperor and the strong... If this is a fight..."

Yueru was also amazed, and even she felt a little shudder with such a lineup.

"Be careful later, don't separate..." Xiao Yan reminded solemnly, then turned his head, a smile quickly appeared on his face, and cupped his hands in a certain direction, Xiao Yan looked along, it turned out to be Qing A member of the Alchemist Association of Chengna. .

"Hehe, little friend Xiao Yan, it's better to come early than coincidence. This is the main hall. You can see that the gray-white dividing line is getting weaker and weaker. I'm afraid it will completely dissipate in the near future..." See When he arrived at Xiao Yan, Bai Shan also smiled, leading the strong pharmacist to come and smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Elder Baishan, could this be the goal of this trip? How come there are as many as seven?" Xiao Yan smiled and asked, this Baishan is also an elder of the Alchemist Association. Those present, I am afraid he has a better relationship with the Alchemist Association. In any case, he is also a nominal elder of the Alchemist Association. The others are either unfamiliar or opponents.

"Well, it should be true, but I think the seven light groups should be related to the seven stone sculptures in front of me. Although I don't know what it has to do with it, who can get it depends on luck and strength. ." Bai Shan smiled and nodded, and said that he was quite satisfied with Xiao Yan.

To be able to break into the hall deep in the ruins with two people, Baishan himself, who is not at all extraordinary, would definitely not believe it.

No wonder the president told Xiao Yan to take care of him before he left.

"Well, I think so too." Hearing this, Xiao Yan also stared at the seven stone sculptures carefully, and then swept over the seven light groups with a strange gaze. There are indeed many flower heads in the ruins of the emperor. In the end, it was not easy to get even one of these seven light groups.

"Well..." Bai Shan smiled, his eyes swept around the hall, and he said softly, "Little friend Xiao Yan, it seems that there are quite a few people targeting you this time..."

"It's just a little trouble..." Xiao Yan smiled. Those present, who were hostile to him, were just Wu Huan. Although he didn't know why Wu Huan was hostile to him, even if this Wu Huan was a three-star In the later stage of Emperor Dou, Xiao Yan was also not afraid, and Feng Yi, Feng Lei Cheng should not be regarded as hostile, at most there was a hint of discussion, and then there was the living dead who stole Yueru Crescent Cuiguo, although it was fake Crescent Moon Cuiguo, but he couldn't let him go.