Chapter Vol 4 909: Collect the mother of fairy bodhi tree!

"I felt it too." Xiao Yan repeatedly confirmed that Dong Xuan had completely fallen and escaped without a trace of breath. He also raised his head and looked at the top of the ancient tree.

Where, there seems to be an extremely ancient aura!

I remembered that my uncle Golden Dragon King said before that the sixth floor of this underground palace seems to contain the mother of the fairy bodhi tree, and that thing is necessary to save my uncle Golden Dragon King!

So no matter what, you must go up and take a look.

Moreover, Xiao Yan and the others were hiding behind the Fentian crowd. The guardian in the underground palace was taken care of by Fentian, so Xiao Yan didn't have any burden and came here easily. The breath, I am afraid they will be discovered by Fen Tian, ​​but fortunately, Fen Tian and the others did not find it.

"Go." The two of them looked at each other, then walked directly up the stairs composed of leaves.

"Master of Soul Eater, are you too greedy?"

"It devoured the foreign evil race before, and now it has devoured the soul of an immortal warrior." In Xiao Yan's acceptance of the ring, the Golden Dragon King looked lazily at the Soul Eater and said, as if he was terrified of the Soul Eater's remorse. Controlling the Soul Eater Talisman to absorb Dong Xuan's soul power is quite dissatisfied.

"I'm not here to increase my strength..." The Master of Soul Eater couldn't help but said in the Soul Eater Talisman.

This Golden Dragon King is the overlord of the Dragon Clan. Even if he is at his peak, he is not necessarily an opponent of others, so the Soul Eater is quite afraid of the Golden Dragon King.

"You're quite quick to strike." The Golden Dragon King said in Zaidu.

"Hahaha."

"Almost all the ghosts in our ghost world are soul bodies, so the soul bodies can directly enhance our strength, so..." The Lord of Soul Eater also hurriedly explained.

"Are they all soul bodies..."

"I remember this guy Xiao Yan said that their soul halls on the Daoqi Road in the lower plane are also composed of some soul bodies. I don't know if there is any connection between the two." The Golden Dragon King said to himself.

Watching the Golden Dragon King leave, the Soul Eater slowly digested the power of Dong Xuan's soul body that he had just swallowed. The soul power of a genuine fighting immortal is extremely powerful for the Soul Eater at this time. supplement.

"The mother of the fairy bodhi tree, with it, I can restore my peak soul state. When the time comes, let Xiao Yan refine a body for me. It's time to solve some things."

"Xiao Yan, this kid's strength is almost the same, I am also relieved to leave, but before leaving, there are still some things that need to be resolved."

"Yanchi, when we parted, I didn't expect you to be in deep danger." The Golden Dragon King kept thinking.

"This space is really mysterious." Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying came to the top of the ancient tree at the same time, and then spoke slightly.

It's just that when they came to the top of the ancient tree, both of them found that the place where they stepped into the top of the canopy was actually isolated by a seal.

The seal was green, obviously it was just arranged by Dong Xuan.

Speaking of which, this seal is also strange. Dong Xuan has completely fallen, and this seal has not been destroyed.

"This seal is supposed to isolate the thing inside from exuding aura." Xiao Yan's soul is powerful, so naturally he noticed something was wrong at the first time, and immediately said.

"Look at me." After a while, Mu Yingying suddenly raised the Frost Snow Immortal Sword on her palm and flashed, and casually stroked the seal in front of her.

Immediately, the seemingly sturdy seal was broken open!

The seemingly extremely random attack was actually evolved by Mu Yingying based on some information about the sword spirit in the immortal sword.

Since Mu Yingying received the Frost Snow Immortal Sword, she couldn't put it down and held it in her hand, and the sword spirit cast by Master Lu was always hidden in it and never appeared.

However, Xiao Yan could see that Mu Yingying's use of the immortal sword and the sword spirit were quite smooth, without any weirdness.

"Shabu!" As the seal was broken, an extremely strong fragrance came out of the space sealed by the top of the tree canopy.

The fragrance is so seductive, as if the power of the soul has been greatly nourished.

"Come in." Feeling the huge scent, Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying looked at each other immediately, it seemed that there was indeed a treasure inside.

Immediately, the two of them swept in, and Xiao Yan's soul power flickered, instantly sealing the entrance. After all, if such a strong fragrance was released, it would be bad to attract other people.

"What a beautiful tree canopy." At this moment, Mu Yingying suddenly said with a smile.

When the two came to the top of the ancient tree, they found that the top of the ancient tree was a space about a hundred feet in size. In the space, the energy of the wood attribute was extremely strong. The effect of getting twice the result with half the effort, and the top of the canopy is also bred with extremely exquisite decorations everywhere.

Those exquisite decorations are obviously made of wood, but they are natural.

At the top of the ancient tree, a green canopy of about one meter bulged slightly, and many branches and green leaves concealed the contents inside, but Xiao Yan knew that the contents there might be the only It is the treasure of the sixth floor of this underground palace!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The mother of the fairy bodhi tree!

"Where, such strong soul fluctuations." At this time, Mu Yingyingyu pointed to the canopy and said.

"Go over and take a look." Xiao Yan said also cautiously.

Although I don't know why Zhu Jin and the others didn't take this treasure, Xiao Yan still understands the principle of being careful. After all, this fairy bodhi tree tree, in some respects, even the fighting spirit can't compare to it. Alluring.

"What a strong soul fluctuation."

"The contents here are probably related to the power of the soul." Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan both came here, and immediately spoke, their voices were full of surprise.

"It is indeed the mother of the fairy bodhi tree." Xiao Yan said slowly after sizing up.

Although it was protected by the branches and green leaves wrapped by these protections, Xiao Yan was still sure about the perception of some soul power and its appearance.

"The mother of the fairy bodhi tree?" Mu Yingying was once again puzzled.

"This thing, for some powerhouses whose soul power has been seriously injured, is a treasure that can heal all of their soul power." Xiao Yan's doubts about Mu Yingying were also relieved, and he explained immediately.

"Then I'll give you this thing." Mu Yingying was very interested, because she didn't plan to take this thing away.

Moreover, Xiao Yan is an alchemist, so he is probably more useful to his soul power than himself.

"Since that's the case, then I'm welcome." Xiao Yan heard the words and directly activated his soul power to put the entire canopy that wrapped the mother of the fairy bodhi tree into the ring.

At the same time, Mu Yingying on the side opened her mouth slightly.

Obviously, the power of Xiao Yan's soul-devouring talisman was eerie and strange, and the addition of Dong Xuan's corpse just now made Mu Yingying quite puzzled, but she did not mean to ask.

Xiao Yan effortlessly put the mother of the fairy bodhi tree into the collection ring, and then the huge soul force naturally discovered the concerns in Mu Yingying's heart.

"The evil forces and ghostly auras that have appeared in my body before are not mine." Xiao Yan also spoke slightly.

"Yep."

"You don't have to say it."

"I know it all." Mu Yingying smiled slowly.

"then you……"

"Don't be afraid, I'm really an evildoer?" After Mu Yingying said this, Xiao Yan immediately opened his mouth.

"If you are really evil, then it is also my evil." After speaking, her pretty face flushed, and she poured out of the ancient tree.

"It's really strange words." Xiao Yan shook his head, and then followed him. He knew that when he got out of here, the real highlight was about to begin!