Chapter Vol 4 1168: Feather dry!

"Boom boom boom!" A dazzling storm of destruction resounded in Xiao Yan's formation.

"It seems that this seal fighting skill has to wait for the next time." Xiao Yan looked at Yang Fei who was far away, and immediately shook his head. Because of Yang Fei's figure, he had already escaped from his formation, and it was far away from the hammer mercenary group. The base camp is quite close, such a terrifying battle in Yu Bo, if it attracts the strong in its group, I am afraid it will be quite difficult.

After all, the Hammer mercenary group has a two-star Dou Xian powerhouse in charge. The two-star Dou Xian powerhouse is undoubtedly too difficult for the current Xiao Yan to deal with.

"Boom boom boom!" After a while, Xiao Yan directly dealt with all the self-exploding energy, and then there was a hint of helplessness in his eyes. After doing all this, he left to face the ghost king city.

As for the reason why Hua Guard, who was as powerful as a star in the middle stage of Dou Xian, fell so easily, firstly, it was because he had rashly absorbed the power of his own holy flame. It was also that Thunder Tiger might be its source power. The combination of the two naturally fell into Xiao Yan's hands.

"This guy……"

"It is a rare seedling to retreat in spite of difficulties."

"But I still underestimate Hua Guard's strength, otherwise Yang Fei wouldn't be let go." Bai He on the side said, and then he went to the Ghost King City.

"Hehe, this old guy is gone." Seeing Bai He appearing and talking to himself, and then returning back, Xiao Yan couldn't help but stop and said with a smile.

What happened just now was naturally done for Bai He to see. The seal fighting skill can directly enhance his strength. Xiao Yan would not easily let go of such a treasure.

"Let's go to the Hammer Mercenary Group's base camp first... Cover it with the power of the soul, and add the ghostly aura generated by the ghost face and soul flame to cover up, even if you can't beat it, you can still escape."

"However, it always feels as if a strong man is heading towards the Hammer mercenary group, is it an illusion..." Xiao Yan looked up at the distant sky, shook his head and said, after speaking, he was enveloped by a layer of black energy and soul power at the same time. Go to the base camp of the Hammer Mercenary Group.

In the ghost city.

"City Lord, Yu family Yugan seems to have disappeared..." In the city owner's mansion, a strong man in charge of monitoring the Yu family couldn't help but say.

"Looks like they're ready to start..."

"What is their first goal?" Dead Wind asked.

"Yugan seems to be heading towards the hammer mercenary group outside the city." The strong man said.

"Hammer mercenary group..."

"Okay, I know, let's go." Dead Wind said.

"Yes." The strong man heard the words and disappeared into the mansion.

"Yugan, you still can't help but do it."

"Since you want to use the hammer mercenary group to make a knife, then you can do whatever you want... But you probably didn't think that the final winner would only be me..." After Death Feng finished speaking, he slowly laughed.

Outside the Ghost King City, a figure stood slightly in the sky, dressed in a cyan robe. Behind the robe, a silver Yu family was lifelike, with the sound of rushing wind, heading towards the hammer mercenary group's base camp.

"Yu Gan?" Xiao Yan hid in the dark, with the help of the ghostly energy generated by the ghost face and soul flame, and the power of the soul, he perfectly concealed himself, but when he saw the figure in the sky, his pupils Couldn't help shrinking tightly.

At this time, there was only one person in the sky, but Xiao Yan was quite surprised by this person's faint aura!

"Pseudo-three-star fighting immortals..." At this time, the Master of Soul Eater spoke lightly, with a hint of worry in his voice.

"This ghost world is really terrifying. Just a small ghost king city, its overall strength is much more tyrannical than Xuan Santian." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but have a wry smile on the corner of his mouth.

You must know that the powerhouses of Xuantian Tian are only killed by the Dou Emperor Peak Flame One-Star Dou Immortal strong, but in the ghost king city, the one-star Dou Immortal strong has become a cabbage that can be seen everywhere. This kind of gap makes Xiao Yan was quite helpless.

"Humph."

"I told you a long time ago that the entire Daqian world is very big, and there are too many continents that are more tyrannical than Xuantian, so this kind of thing is naturally common."

"And if you have the opportunity to go to the center of the ghost world or the center of your human world, then you will understand what an ant is..."

"It's a little bit, it's too far." The Soul Eater said.

"The figure just now should be Yu Gan, the head of the Yu family. Judging from this appearance, it should be going to the hammer mercenary group base camp."

"There's a good show to watch now, keep up and try if you can fish in troubled waters." Xiao Yan smiled, deliberately suppressing his breath at will, and slowly followed.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

With the dual protection of soul power and holy flame power of ghost face soul flame, Xiao Yan is not worried that he will be discovered.

"This kid actually dares to plot against a three-star fighting immortal powerhouse. Don't you know that a three-star fighting immortal powerhouse can be wiped out with a slap..."

"But this character... I like it." After Soul Eater finished speaking, he also laughed.

As Yu Qian and Xiao Yan headed towards the base camp of the Hammer Mercenary Group one after the other, Yang Fei had already reached the base camp.

"Young regiment commander, are you back?" Yang Fei just came to the foot of the mountain, and the soldier in charge of patrol immediately smiled at him.

"Yep."

"Is father here?" Although Yang Fei was extremely angry, he didn't show it, and just asked.

"The head of the regiment and several leaders are in the regiment." The soldier in charge of patrol responded.

"En." After Yang Fei finished speaking, he walked towards the top of the mountain.

The base camp of the Hammer Mercenary Group has occupied a small mountain range, that is, it occupies the entire top of the mountain.

The top of the mountain is undulating and easy to defend and difficult to attack. It is a rare treasure, and the base camp of the Hammer mercenary group is impressively on the top of the mountain.

"Young commander." After a while, Yang Fei came directly to the top of the mountain, and immediately came to a rather huge tent.

"Father, several uncles."

"No... something ~ Yang Fei couldn't help but say when he saw the people in front of him.

"Fei'er, what's the matter?" The head of the Hammer Mercenary Group couldn't help asking with concern when he saw his son's appearance.

"Let's go to the auction..." Yang Fei stabilized his emotions, and then explained everything one by one.

"what?"

"Undead leaves?"

"Emperor-rank third-grade pharmacist?"

"Hua Guard has fallen?" After Yang Fei finished speaking, the head of the Hammer Mercenary Group and several powerful leaders in the group couldn't help roaring.

He provoked an emperor-rank third-grade pharmacist, I am afraid that their hammer mercenary group will not have a good life.

Moreover, although the immortal leaves are precious, there are still three Lei Yuqing families who are eyeing them, so I am afraid it will not be their turn.

Furthermore, even Hua Guard has fallen. The strength of Hua Guard is obvious to all, and he is a rare man in the Hammer mercenary group.

"Father, how can this be good?" Yang Fei couldn't help asking.

"It seems that Ghost King City has been quiet for too long, and it's time to change the dynasty." The head of the Hammer mercenary regiment shook his head slightly at this time.

"Father?"

"Head of the regiment?" Everyone in the tent couldn't help asking, wondering what this meant.

"Hammer mercenary group, I've really looked up to it for a long time." Without waiting for everyone to react, a voice with a monstrous atmosphere suddenly resounded through the sky in the tent!

End of this chapter