Chapter Vol 4 2180: Red King Rank, Blood Clothed Centipede!

"Here is not only the place where the powerful people of the evil race from outside the territory suppress the tyrants, but also the place where the strong ones from the evil race outside the territory are suppressed by the tyrants."

"Two Xeons!"

Xiao Yan's eyes became hot, and he could smell a creepy fear from the blood-colored windbreaker.

That level of power is obviously a strategic powerhouse breath among the evil races outside the territory!

But after a while, the visual whereabouts also smelled an extremely terrifying fluctuation from the cyan chain that bound the blood-colored windbreaker.

Xiao Yan is no stranger to that kind of fluctuation.

The cyan chain is the power of the Tyrant Dragon King. It not only has the lines of the tyrant's lower body, but also the azure dragon shadows, which are terrifying!

However, these cyan chains are buzzing now, and cracks are looming, I am afraid they have reached their limit.

And the blood-colored windbreaker on the side is the power of the evil powerhouse of the blood-robed centipede!

Countless densely packed dark parasites, like ants, like man-eating insects, devoured the energy of the sea continuously and transported them away to the blood-colored windbreaker.

Moreover, with the transmission of these biological powers, coupled with their gnawing on Baxia's body, I am afraid that sooner or later Baxia's body will be completely destroyed, and this red king will be completely resurrected!

A red king, once resurrected, wakes up. I am afraid it will set off a terrible storm of destruction.

"This is the purpose of our trip."

"Before he fully recovers, strangle him!"

As the old Zen master spoke, the golden Buddha's body flourished, and some ethereal Sanskrit energy condensed.

"This is... a relic?"

Xiao Yan murmured, looking at the golden beads emerging from Zen Master's hands, lost his voice.

The golden bead is only the size of a longan, and it is similar to a medicinal pill, but it is engraved with endless mystery. If you carefully sense it, the power contained in it may not be weaker than a single holy flame in your hand.

It is self-evident that the value of the relics of the strong in the Buddhist world is similar to that of the human heart in the human world!

"Holy flame is the supreme divine object born from the beginning of the world."

"There is a devastating suppression of the evil races outside the territory. I will help you with the relics and kill these evil venerables forever!"

The Zen master's voice was full of fearlessness.

The relic is the essence of the life of the Zen masters and monks in the Buddhist world. Once the relic is condensed, there is no doubt that he will die. The Zen master's righteousness also caused Xiao Yan's heart to feel bitter.

However, there are also rumors. It is said that when the Heavenly Slaughter Tathagata realized the Dao, he walked through reincarnation nine times and created a supreme relic, which ranked first in the Buddhist artifact list. Wei.

With this relic, one can transcend the world, enter the Zen master's Buddhist way, and obtain the supreme glory.

"Boom!"

Xiao Yan nodded solemnly, the amber flames on his body suddenly fell off, he knew that every next move could cost his life in vain.

But so what?

I am the master of the holy flame, and this kind of thing is my own responsibility, and I cannot shirk it.

A thousand-foot flame ignited in this dark world, like a ray of dawn suddenly emerging, illuminating this place completely.

The amber rock soul fire was suspended in the sky, and the dazzling purification flame was beating rapidly, and some dark parasites were instantly destroyed in it.

The dark tide came, gloomy and eerie, and instantly touched the attack of Xiao Yan and the two.

The simple collision of the two brought about a shocking energy fluctuation, and the humming sound that resounded through the heavens and the earth spread out. The sound and power turned out to be numb to the scalp, and the void in front of him became twisted and broken.

Without the protection of the holy flame power, those under the reincarnation will completely perish in the touch just now.

The holy flame, ancient and boundless, continuously bloomed with its unique power, purifying this filthy dark realm, and with the blessing of Xiao Yan Fenjue, it was extremely sacred.

The golden light of the relic was prosperous, and countless ancient Zen sounds emerged. The two intersected each other, and in the blink of an eye, the dark power here invaded half.

Immediately, he seemed to feel this long-lost fluctuation, and a shocking azure light erupted from his lower body. The power of the three colors actually killed all these dark parasites here.

"Wong buzzing!"

Seeing that the two of them joined forces and gained some advantages in an instant, a rare smile appeared in the hearts of the two of them. The power of these evil parasites is not so irresistible.

"Crash!"

At the same time, the entire dark realm suddenly became restless.

It was too late to be happy because of the temporary advantage, the vision of the two was suddenly attracted by the throne above the altar, and an extremely surging blood-colored aura spread out, like a demon crawling out of the depths of hell, blood-colored aura. At the spreading place, countless voids twisted, and cracks swept in uncontrollably.

"Finally... it begins."

Xiao Yan and the old Zen master took off into the sky, and with the help of the brilliance of Sheng Yan and the relic, they stared at the blood-colored trench coat on the throne!

The blood-colored windbreaker is like an empty shell, and there is no physical existence, but it slowly outlines a phantom figure of Tongtian Evil Venerable. Above the windbreaker, a lifelike blood-colored centipede began to wriggle.

It was this huge gap that made Xiao Yan understand that this blood-colored trench coat was the most terrifying.

"Pfft!"

There was movement in the blood-colored windbreaker, and rounds of exquisite blood-colored patterns on the windbreaker exuded a despairing and suffocating awe-inspiring blood!

"Go!"

Xiao Yan and the two looked at each other, the dazzling attack was like a hurricane whistling, madly blasting away at the throne, the attack was so powerful that it was no less terrifying than a triple reincarnation-level powerhouse's full-strength shot!

"Pfft!"

The joint attack of the two did not cause any fluctuations, and just after condensing, they spread out quietly, which was extremely strange.

"Boom!"

When the two of them were extremely vigilant, a monstrous magic light vented out from the bottom of the realm.

The breath contained in this magic light is definitely not the kind of power composed of ordinary dark parasites There are countless mourning and crying sounds, whispered, and it actually caused Xiao Yan and the two of them. emotions are rendered

"Whoa!"

The monstrous magic light spread from the bottom of the dark realm, reached the sky in an instant, and then spread out slightly, turning into raindrops and falling down.

With the appearance of this kind of action, Sheng Yan behind Xiao Yan and the relic behind Chan Master let out a very sharp low roar, obviously it took a lot of effort to resist such a terrifying attack.

The magic rain dripped, and the entire dark realm was nourished with terror, and parasites appeared one after another, but they did not attack Xiao Yan and the two of them, but quietly crawled aside.

At the same time, the throne above the altar suddenly began to change.

The magic rain dripped, directly piercing the collapsed void around the throne, and then wrapped around all those ancient cyan chains.

"Crack, click!"

The cyan chain did not know whether it was extremely fragile because of the corrosion of the years, or because it became vulnerable to the invasion of the magic rain just now, and at this time, one after another conspicuous cracks appeared.

On the throne, a blood-colored trench coat, a thin figure, looming.

Under this thin figure, it seems that all power becomes ridiculous.

Under that thin figure, the power contained is probably enough to suppress everything!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: