Chapter Vol 4 1569: peaceful!

"Good boy, he is really a brave and careful person. He actually combined the power of the holy flame of ghost face and soul flame with the pupil of staring. This kind of courage is a bit incredible." As Xiao Yan fell into a coma, the attack in his body suddenly The Soul Lord couldn't help but praise.

Staring Eyes, it's just a soul interference fighting skill. Although it can attack the soul to a certain extent, it is quite weak against the late stage four-star fighting immortal powerhouse, but this soul interference fighting skill was added by Xiao Yan to the ghost face spirit. The power of the flame, and the power of the ghost face and soul flame is extremely special, so it seems that some mutations have occurred. It not only has the power to attack the soul, but also has the strange power to attack the human body. This kind of power is a bit terrifying.

Moreover, according to the estimation of Soul Eater, if it wasn't for Xiao Yan's first use, he would probably be able to completely obliterate Qing Yunkun with this move.

"However, you are a little too arrogant, forget it..." After some struggles, the Soul Eater took action and repaired some of the damage Xiao Yan caused by this new fighting skill. Otherwise, it will affect Xiao Yan. its future potential.

"Lord Xiao Yan?" After a while, Xiao Yan's body was also caught by the second elder, and the second elder burst into tears. How could he have thought that this guy was actually the biggest contributor to saving their crystal veins, and don't forget At this time, Xiao Yan was only in the late stage of the Three-Star Fighting Immortal, which made him, the second elder in the early stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal, ashamed for a while.

"Come here, send Lord Xiao Yan to the depths of the cave to take good care of him. For the rest, follow me to sort out the crystal veins and search for the third elder and others." After checking again and again, he found that Xiao Yan was not in serious trouble, it was just because The conflict between soul power and vindictiveness temporarily passed out, and the second elder immediately left two guards to guard Xiao Yan, and immediately took the remaining few people towards the outside of the crystal vein.

"Second Elder...Are you alright?" After a while, the two elders and the third elder's men and horses also slowly gathered, and the figures of the two were all right.

"What about Sir Xiao Yan?" Once asked, the third elder couldn't help but ask.

"Lord Xiao Yan temporarily passed out... and the pavilion masters of Qingyun Pavilion were all driven away by Lord Xiao Yan with his own power." Seeing that the crystal vein was not damaged, but lost a lot of guards, the second elder It was also distressing.

"Now I can report peace with the sect master... This time, the Lingyuan has sent an incredible manager. Our Wanhuo Sect is hopeful for the revival." After a while, the third elder said in Dudu.

"Come on, the rest of the brothers take turns on duty and strictly guard the crystal vein. If there is any trouble, report it immediately." After a short while, orders were issued in an orderly manner, and at the same time, Qingyun, who escaped from the crystal vein with the space scroll The people in the pavilion looked extremely embarrassed.

"The pavilion... What kind of magic trick did that Xiao Yan use? Our disciples are actually insane, as if they had been robbed of their intellect!" In a narrow mining area, Qing Yang looked at the accompanying people. The several disciples were mad and strange, as if they had lost their souls, and couldn't help roaring.

From the beginning to the end, he didn't know what happened, but when Xiao Yan finally showed his strange pupils, a force of destruction came out, and then the pavilion master used the space scroll to escape.

"This Xiao Yan... is not easy."

"The attack just now should be a rather tyrannical soul attack, but even I can't resist it easily. As for why they did this, I'm afraid they were infected by the mysterious power of the pupil at the moment when the pupil appeared. ." After a while, Qing Yunkun said solemnly.

"Go back first, think long-term, this Xiao Yan, it's not that simple."

"However, what we lost this time, we will make Xiao Yan, this bastard, pay back ten thousand times in the future!" A resentment emerged, and the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion brought a few delirious subordinates and slowly returned to the sect. However, Qingfeng, who was accompanying him, was also seriously injured in Xiao Yan's hands, which made the entire Qingyun Pavilion's hatred for Xiao Yan and the Ten Thousand Fire Sect reach a new height.

It was just this trip that Qing Yunkun never imagined that the master of his dignified pavilion, a late-stage Four-Star Dou Xian, would be shriveled in the hands of a late-stage Three-Star Dou Xian.

In the depths of the crystal vein, with the departure of Qingyun Pavilion, a rare calm was restored here, and with Xiao Yan in charge, there was news that a late-stage Sanxing Douxian powerhouse had defeated the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion. No one dared to make up their minds.

The dark cave under the crystal vein is **. The cave was obviously dug out to mine the crystal vein. Therefore, the cave is surrounded by some precious crystal stones, which are used for lighting. At this time, the cave is deep.

"Oops." A voice sounded slowly, Xiao Yan's pupils opened slowly, his palms were raised and kneaded back and forth on his forehead. The last moment of opportunism almost caused Xiao Yan to be attacked by soul power. The existence of the master of the soul, I am afraid that the current Xiao Yan is already a half-dead person.

"Sir Xiao Yan, are you awake?"

"Is there a serious health problem?" As Xiao Yan just woke up, the figures of the second and third elders came into view at the same time.

"Where are the people from Qingyun Pavilion?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking. The vague memory made Xiao Yan vaguely remember that at the last moment, he used the Soul Interference Fighting Skill Eye of Gaze, but he added the power of Saint Flame to himself, so just now When it was displayed, it suffered the backlash from the spiritual palace in the soul realm and passed out, and when it woke up, it was now here.

"The people in Qingyun Pavilion were repelled by the adults. The power of the last blow was extremely powerful, and it directly knocked out several three-star fighting immortals in Qingyun Pavilion. I was afraid, I crushed the space scroll and ran away."

"Right now, the entire Central Territory is spreading the news that the Lord defeated Qing Yunkun in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian with his strength in the late stage of the Three-Star Dou Xian." The second elder said with a gratified smile.

"That's it." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also lay down at ease.

"Second Elder, how is the crystal vein now?" After a while, Xiao Yan asked.

"Reporting to the lord, this time the crystal vein was attacked by the Qingyun Pavilion, and we lost a lot of disciples, but the crystal vein was guarded by us, and with the reputation of the adults, there are even many good seedlings ready to join us." The three elders laughed.

"The fallen powerhouse will be buried well, and newcomers who try to join our sect must investigate carefully." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"Yes!" The two elders immediately admired Xiao Yan even more.

"Okay, let's do this for now. After I have a few days off, I will sort out the affairs here at Crystal Vein." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan also issued an order to evict guests. After all, the soul interferes with the combination of fighting skills and holy flame. The power is not bad, but it still has a lot of sequelae. It must be restored to normal before going to the Acacia tree, otherwise it will affect the later itinerary.

"Yes, my lord!" When the two elders heard the words, they also nodded secretly, and immediately backed out.