Chapter Vol 4 1336: Sign up to compete!

"Hey, hey, have you heard that this second-stage test is actually a soul test..."

"Damn it, soul power is a mysterious thing. Except for alchemists and some guys who practice soul power, who else can participate in this stage of the competition?"

"Isn't this an obvious trick to trick us?"

"After all, although our fighting spirit is not weak, but in the hands of the tyrannical soul powerhouses, the fighting skills have not yet been displayed, and they are interfered by their soul power. One thing is going up and one down, and we will only lose..." Lei Jiezhi In the middle of the mountain range where tens of thousands of disciples lived, there was an endless stream of complaints.

"Hey, boy, if you don't sign up, just go!"

"Didn't you see that there was a way for Uncle Ben to sign up?" Xiao Yan, a man and two women, slowly came to the sign up point, and was immediately reprimanded by a strong man behind him.

This registration point is impressively set in a bamboo garden. Outside the bamboo garden, there are already sparse figures queuing up to sign up, and there are very few people signing up.

"Hey... it's really a beauty and a disaster." Xiao Yan said helplessly. Obviously, Liu Qing's body is spotless like a hibiscus, and Yu Ran Ran looks like a big sister. The two girls are not only beautiful. Just like a stunner, even his temperament is the best choice, causing Xiao Yan some unnecessary troubles.

"You!" Yu Ran Ran's brows furrowed when she heard the words, but she suddenly lost her voice when she saw the first-rank alchemist medal on the chest of the strong man.

"Humph."

"It's just a small emperor-rank first-grade pharmacist." Liu Qing's eyebrows swayed, and the dazzling soul power was released directly, making his figure couldn't help but be slightly afraid.

"What a tyrannical soul power, it seems that these three are the masters who can't be provoked." The strong man also had the intention of retreating. He just wanted to hide in all directions, but he saw the man between the two women, who seemed to be in his own hands. There was something on his chest, and he couldn't help but glance.

"Immortal... Immortal-level pharmacist?"

"How is that possible?" But with a slight swipe, it made the strong man feel like a thunderbolt, his body tense and motionless.

"Now, can you make a move?" Xiao Yan put on the pharmacist's medal, and then asked lightly without wasting too much time with the strong man in front of him.

"My lord, please forgive me for not knowing Mount Tai."

"These are some emperor-rank medicinal pills. Although they are of low rank, they will compensate you a little bit. I hope that the adults will not care about what happened just now."

"My lord, please." The figure of the strong man was sweating, and a fear of death permeated his heart.

The person he provoked was an alchemist of the fourth rank of immortal rank and heaven rank!

If an existence of this level wants to plot against him, I am afraid it will be enough for him to die a hundred times.

"The next applicant." After a while, a rather lazy voice came from the bamboo garden.

"Sir, please." The strong man directly drove away all the figures who were queuing in front of Xiao Yan and the others. Then Xiao Yan and the others were the next applicants. The three of them laughed helplessly when they saw this.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, then walked in.

"It is said that the adult in charge of registration has a very bad temper. I hope these guys can be lucky." The heavy responsibility outside Zhuyuan said with a heavy heart.

"Yep?"

"Where's the person who signed up?" Just entered the bamboo garden, and immediately saw a pavilion surrounded by lake water. The four treasures of the pen, ink, paper, inkstone, and study on the round table were all in the bamboo garden, but no one was seen.

"Crash!" The next moment, the three figures just walked towards the pavilion in the center of the lake, and the surrounding lake suddenly appeared in front of the three in a strange appearance.

"Hoohoho!" The lake water actually formed a ferocious snake head in front of the three of them, and roared at the three of them. Among the ferocious snake heads, there was no ordinary fluctuation of fighting spirit, and some were just an extremely dazzling spiritual pressure.

"In the shape of a soul condensate, this guy is a strong man." With just a glance, Xiao Yan also smelled some other breaths from the head of this hideous snake.

"Shabu Shabu!" The hideous snake head composed of lake water did not retreat at all, and rushed towards Xiao Yan and the three of them. However, when it was about to hit Xiao Yan, an invisible soul wave instantly cracked the hideous snake head. go.

"Oh……"

"Little guy...it's interesting." When he noticed this scene, a white-haired old man suddenly appeared above the pavilion.

I saw the old man lying flat on a reclining chair in the pavilion, shaking slightly.

"Senior, the three of us have come to sign up." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile.

"A fourth-grade celestial alchemist?"

"Wonderland Soul?"

"Boy, who is your master?" The next moment, the old man stood up straight from the reclining chair, and in just a moment, he came to Xiao Yan.

"The tutor is named Yao Lao." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile.

"Yao Lao?" The old man was puzzled when he heard the words. Obviously, based on his experience, he had never heard of such a person above Dongzhou.

However, it is normal to have not heard of it. After all, Yao Lao is still above the Dou Qi Continent, but Yao Lao is Xiao Yan's only teacher above the refining technique, so what Xiao Yan said is not without reason.

"What a hell."

"Why is an immortal-rank fourth-grade heaven-rank pharmacist so worthless?" The next moment, the white-haired old man said depressedly.

"Oh...Senior, is it possible that among the contestants who signed up this time, who else is?" Xiao Yan heard the words, he didn't care too much at first, but the next moment he asked.

"That guy is the direct disciple of the president of the Alchemist Association. His refining skills should be similar to yours, but his soul power hurts more than you," said the white-haired old man.

"Forget it, I have registered for you and hurry up. This is too shocking." The old man took a pen and wrote down the registration information of Xiao Yan and the three of them on the white paper. .

"Are these guys all monsters? They have reached the pinnacle of the fourth-grade immortal pharmacist at such a young age This makes us live for hundreds of years and has not reached this level. What kind of face is this old guy. "The old man said very depressed.

"Master, what are you looking for from me?"

"If you have something to tell me, I'm still waiting to refine the medicinal pill you explained to me last time." In the inner courtyard of the Alchemist Association, a man and a woman slowly appeared.

"You are just too stubborn."

"A few days ago, someone came to our alchemist association to conduct a pharmacist level assessment. At that time, I was not in the association, so I asked Tan Chen to take care of me."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"That's a little guy, about the same age as you, but his soul power has reached the middle stage of the fairyland Taixu, and the assessment level has succeeded in the fourth-grade fairy rank." The president of the Alchemist Association spoke softly, his voice full of There was a deep worry.

"Who is he?"

"I want to see him!" After Qian Ying finished speaking, her beautiful eyes suddenly filled with hostility, and she spoke immediately.

"I'll build a soul channel for you tonight, you can go meet him." The president of the Alchemist Association did not shy away, he spoke directly. With his strength, he would naturally be able to let his precious disciple and Xiao Yan have a relaxed soul. Contest without being discovered by others.

"Thank you, master."

"No one can stop me from winning the championship." The woman smiled playfully, her voice was full of extreme confidence, under this confidence, her soul power was actually stronger than Xiao Yan!

. Mobile version update fastest URL