Chapter Vol 4 1235: 2 star Douxian early stage

The fighting spirit is a special form that can only be swallowed by the strong fighting immortals.

After devouring the fighting spirit, it can greatly increase its combat power, fight against others, and summon the fighting spirit to attach itself to the surface of the body. Its own strength is combined with the unique power of the fighting spirit. Combining the two, the battle may be presented. Geometric multiple increase.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, this also has many requirements for swallowing the fighting spirit.

After fighting immortals, the differentiation and restraint of attributes is extremely important. The powerhouses of the same level and strength, fighting skills, and even the mutual restraint of attributes will undoubtedly become the key to affecting the battle.

And devouring the fighting spirit also has many attributes.

As the fighting spirit of the predecessor of Undying Fire, Undead Mingque must have a lot to do with Undying Fire, but Undying Mingque did not tell Xiao Yan any news about Undying Fire.

The immortal sparrow itself is the predecessor of the immortal fire, so its attribute is naturally fire. In addition to Xiao Yan as a pharmacist, the two attributes of fire and wood, the immortal sparrow is for Xiao Yan at this time. quite fit.

If nothing else, Xiao Yanguang is a fire attribute, which means that he is stronger than ordinary people who cultivate the fire attribute. In addition to the holy flame and the fire attribute immortal sparrow now swallowed, I am afraid that Xiao Yan is a fire attribute. Invincible existence.

"Huhu."

"Breath adjustment is over." Xiao Yan slowly opened his pupils, and then looked at the immortal ghost bird that was almost covering the entire blood pool, and couldn't help but exclaimed.

Originally, because of the lifting of the seal and the refining of the undead nymph, some power was consumed. Xiao Yan naturally had to be fully prepared before he dared to devour the fighting spirit. After all, although the undead nymph at this time had no psyche, only pure energy was left. , but the resistance generated by instinct should not be sloppy.

"This big guy." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Come on!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes became deep, and then the fire attribute circular fighting spirit in his body revolved at a high speed, and the Fen Jue deep in his body also revolved rapidly, slowly dispersing a tyrannical suction force. Go to the undead ghost.

"Devouring the fighting spirit is not the same as you usually do, swallowing the power of the fighting spirit into the body."

"Because the fighting spirit is a whole, it cannot use the most primitive devouring."

"And the way of swallowing it is to let the huge fighting spirit cover your body, let the fighting spirit adapt to your body, your strength, and your will, so that you can control the fighting spirit. After the swallowing is successful, it will be attached to The surface of your body forms a fighting spirit."

"You can compare the fighting spirit to your armor, summon it when you need it, and remove it when you don't need it." Xiao Yan just started, and suddenly recalled what the Soul Eater had said earlier.

"To devour the fighting soul, you must first use the soul power to overlap the fighting soul's body with your own body. Remember that you can only use the soul power, and you cannot move. The reason for this is to make the fighting soul adapt to your own soul power in advance. ."

"It can't be swallowed directly, otherwise this guy's energy is too huge and it will explode."

"I want to control my body, so that it can adapt to my strength and soul." Xiao Yan calmed down and did not rush to swallow it, but repeated the words of the Soul Eater.

"Crash!" At the next moment, as if he suddenly understood something, Xiao Yan directly controlled his huge soul power and slowly moved the undead ghost shrouded above the blood pool.

"This guy is too big, so he can't be smaller..." After a few breaths, Xiao Yan found that he was a little far away from the top of the blood pool controlled by the undead Mingque, and within a few breaths, he However, he moved it a little bit, and even the distance moved was negligible, so he shook his head.

"Come here!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's stubborn temper came up, the soul power and the holy flame power were directly directed at the undead ghost, but this time, this guy actually didn't move.

"..." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan couldn't help rolling his eyes.

"It seems that we can only take it slowly." Xiao Yan smiled helplessly when he saw this.

The next moment, he was directly controlling the power of his soul, and slowly moved the position of the immortal ghost to his own position.

One minute……

ten minutes……

an hour...

Time passed slowly, finally, this kind of movement like a snail, on the third day, the body of the undead ghost finally slowly overlapped with Xiao Yan's body!

"Next, I'm afraid that's the most important thing!" Seeing the overlapping figures of the two, Xiao Yan couldn't help but take a deep breath and said solemnly.

"And the second step, after the two of you overlap, the power of the fighting spirit and your power will have an extremely strong impact, remember to protect your heart, and you must not be washed away by the power of the fighting spirit, Otherwise, everything is in vain.”

"And the most important step in the second step is to transfer your own power into the body of the fighting spirit, so as to replace its power and pour your power into the body of the fighting spirit, and the original energy of the fighting spirit is the Influx into your body, as for whether you can break through the one-star fighting immortal, it depends on your own good fortune." Seeing the success of the first step, the mind of the Lord of Soul Eater appeared in his mind.

"I still don't believe it. I, the dignified and dignified Emperor Yan of Wan Huo, can't deal with a small fighting spirit." Xiao Yan slowly closed his eyes and looked at the fiery red immortal ghost bird that was nearly a hundred meters in size outside his body. , couldn't help saying.

"Wow!" The undead Mingque seemed to have sensed the danger. With its instinct, it made a very strange cry. It had just merged with Xiao Yan's body. At that time, it exuded an extremely violent aura, just like the most primitive aura of a demon beast. , shot at Xiao Yan frantically, as if he wanted to obliterate and devour Xiao Yan.

"It's good to come." Seeing this, Xiao Yan murmured, and then the dazzling soul power and fighting qi shot directly at the fiery red fighting qi!

To deal with violence, violence can only be overcome by violence!

"Boom!" The dazzling attack exploded directly, and then the immortal ghost bird without intelligence seemed to be a little afraid of Xiao Yan, and couldn't help but let out a resentful cry, the dazzling fiery red flame was attacking Xiao Yan. And go.

"Boom!"

"Boom boom boom!" The undead Mingque attacked again and again, trying to obliterate Xiao Yan, thereby taking away Xiao Yan's body, but Xiao Yan only defended and could not attack, and let the immortal Mingque attack so arrogantly, it was all being attacked. Xiao Yan resisted.

"Looking at your breath is also wilting."

"It's not bad." When he noticed that the breath of the immortal bird had been waning, Xiao Yan's pupils slowly opened, and then the first layer of the spiritual palace in his body flashed brightly, a wave of incomparably tyrannical soul fluctuations Leaning directly on the undead ghost!

At the same time, two khaki and cyan holy flame crystals also appeared in Xiao Yan's hands, and then two drops of liquid that were quite crystal silver slowly disappeared towards the phantom of the undead ghost.

"jijijiji!" A strange chirping sounded slowly!

And with Xiao Yan's method, the body of the undead ghost that was originally wrapped in the fiery red flame was slowly wrapped by the power of Xiao Yan's blue-yellow holy flame, and a more powerful wave than before slowly radiated out. .

"Weng Om!" This change only lasted for a few minutes. At that time, Undead Ming completely gave up resistance and let Xiao Yan assimilate. At this time, it had obviously become Xiao Yan's fighting spirit.

"Wait, what is this..." And realizing that the Undead Might Sparrow gradually lost all resistance, Xiao Yan just wanted to laugh, but found that a fiery red flame and A faint gray flame directly escaped from the body of the undead ghost, and then abruptly went towards Xiao Yan's body of fighting spirit and burning determination.

In the end, the fiery red flame and gray flame directly filled Xiao Yan, Dou He and Fen Jue, and then Xiao Yan's aura suddenly soared!

"Crash!"

"One Star Fighting Immortal late stage!"

"One Star Fighting Immortal is complete!"

"Half-step two-star fighting immortal early stage!"

"..."

"Early stage of two-star fighting immortals!"

Aware of this sudden scene, Xiao Yan's brows couldn't help but show a touch of shock.