Chapter Vol 4 2250: The bed of the earth!

"Boom!"

The stone door of the Manjusri Hall opened, and a barbaric force like the ancient times emerged, and the two of them stood outside the door in a daze, and could vaguely see some furnishings in the Manjusri Hall.

In order to prevent any accident from suddenly entering it, the two did not step into it rashly. They stood at the door and began to look at it, and vaguely saw that the furnishings in the Manjusri Temple were extremely well-ordered.

There is a golden plaque in the center, and the four characters of Manjusri Bodhisattva are splendid, surrounded by some Buddha statues, high platforms, pillars, and nothing else, but the center is blocked by a dark thing.

"Second brother, good stuff!"

"Bodhi beads, it is said that it is the famous magic weapon of Bodhi ancestors, which is designed to break all evil forces."

"Zen sound wooden fish..."

Xiaoyi's eyes glowed, even if she hadn't stepped into the Manjusri Hall, she could see a lot of expensive things standing in the hall with only her peripheral vision. With the blessing of Buddhism, the power is a bit more tyrannical than the fairy weapon.

"Though these things are good, they are not suitable for us, and such precious things, I don't believe they would give them away so freely."

Xiao Yan shook his head, stepped out into the Manjusri Hall, and then walked towards the high platform in the center of the hall. It seemed that in addition to these things placed on the periphery, there were more precious things in the center of the hall.

Because these things are precious, but their placement is disorganized, even Xiao Yan thinks that these things seem to be thrown randomly?

The real highlight is the center of Wenshu Temple!

"Guru..."

"Is this the so-called meteorite iron?"

When the two of them walked to the center of the hall, a blue-black shadow stone blocked their path and sight. After careful identification, Xiao Yan felt that this thing should be the meteorite iron he needed.

About 20 meters long and 50 meters high, it looks terrifying, and on top of the meteorite, the dark lines are extremely solid, even if Xiao Yan used the glazed flame to burn it, it did not move at all?

Therefore, Xiao Yan repeatedly confirmed that this is meteorite iron!

"Is this meteorite iron too big?"

Xiao Yi looked at this piece of star iron with a bit of astonishment, she couldn't believe it.

"Don't think about it. Although this meteorite iron is huge, what is really useful is its core. Only by extracting the purest source of this iron can it be possible to cast and repair the magic weapon."

"It seems that the volume is so huge now, but the volume will be reduced countless times after refining." Xiao Yan explained.

"Hehe." Seeing that her inner thoughts were broken, Xiao Yi scratched her head immediately.

"Remove this thing first, and then search for the remaining two treasures, it is best to find treasures suitable for the two of us... And I suspect that this star iron should not appear here for no reason, I am afraid there are better ones in the future. Baby is covered by it."

Xiao Yan looked around, his soul power couldn't penetrate this star iron, and he couldn't go past this thing towards the back.

"Okay!"

"Wait, it's not quite right."

"This piece of meteorite iron seems to be absorbing the power in my body?"

"Accurately speaking, is it absorbing the power of the brown holy flame in my body?"

Xiao Yi just came to the meteorite iron, raised her hands to fit it, and suddenly said in surprise, it seems that the closer she is to this iron stone, the more terrifying the suction released from it!

The most peculiar thing is that you can't resist this strange absorption?

Can only let this iron stone suck?

If things go on like this, even the strength of one's own reincarnation will be completely absorbed by this meteorite iron!

"Burning Judgment!"

Xiao Yan looked at Xiao Yi's astonished expression, the burning art in his body started to run, and the terrifying power of the color of glass emerged, but when he just touched the iron stone, it suddenly disappeared, and was also absorbed and swallowed by the latter!

"Destroyed?"

"Master Lichen didn't specifically say the effect of this iron stone. It seems that it is also a test for us."

Xiao Yan nodded, then quickly pondered some questions in his heart.

"Try other powers!"

"Wood property!"

After thinking about it, circles of dense wood-attribute power surged out from Xiao Yan's arm and body, and then wrapped the iron stone inside and out.

"fine?"

Seeing this scene, Xiao Yi secretly clicked her tongue.

"Crack!"

Xiao Yan exerted all his strength, but was unable to move the slightest bit. In the end, he had no choice but to use all the powers such as Long Hua. He was struggling to twist the position of the iron stone, but Xiao Yan didn't notice that he was able to move the iron stone. The main reason turned out to be the help from the Buddhist realm from the demon realm.

"Second brother, here..."

Without the obstruction of the meteorite iron, the rear is the real face of the center of the hall, but Xiao Yi just looked up, and the slightly raised platform seemed to have something fatally attractive, and a touch of surprise filled his eyes. Eyes, there is a touch of incredible expression and a touch of extremely fiery fluctuations in the eyes!

What catches the eye is a scene of a high and uplifted round platform. Buddhist scriptures are scattered all over the round platform, which is sacred and solemn. The statues of Arhats are scattered around, forming an extremely mysterious formation!

Counting carefully, there are actually eighteen figures of these Arhat Buddha statues!

Looking up, Xiao Yan and the two were as small as ants. The extremely tyrannical pressure and the majestic Zen sound emanating from the round platform made the two of them tremble!

On the round platform surrounded by eighteen Buddha statues of Arhat, a tree carved out of golden material is ten meters tall, and beside the golden tree, there are two statues of Buddha sitting quietly. The image is very recognizable!

"Manjushri?"

"Patriarch Bodhi?"

Xiao Yan was surprised and stopped Xiao Yi, but did not step onto the circular Buddhist altar rashly. From the two of them, he could smell an extremely frightening chill.

"Second brother, that golden tree seems to be related to the holy tree that has been rumored in the Buddhist world..."

"Bodhi...an ancient tree?"

Xiao Yi's pupils shrank slightly, and then she spoke in disbelief.

The ancient Bodhi tree, this is the symbol of Bodhi ancestors, the eminent monks in the Buddhist world, but now it actually appears here?

Is there any relationship between Manjushri Bodhisattva and Bodhi Patriarch?

But the strength of these two is definitely not something they can resist now. Is it possible that they gave up like this?

Countless questions plagued Xiao Yi.

"The ancient Bodhi tree... Why is there a green and lush energy on this ancient tree?"

When Xiao Yi said this, Xiao Yan focused his attention on the ancient Bodhi tree. After a while, the majestic soul power swept out like a spring, and probed towards the ancient Bodhi tree.

"Crack!"

Even with the current level of soul power of Xiao Yan, when approaching the ancient Bodhi tree, a trace of black smoke spread out without warning, and the soul power released by Xiao Yan was instantly annihilated.

"Second brother?"

Xiao Yi's eyes narrowed slightly, she gritted her teeth viciously, and then stepped around in front of Xiao Yan.

"Good guy!"

"It's actually the bed of the earth!!!"

At this moment, Xiao Yan's expression was ecstatic, his eyes fixed on the golden ancient tree in front of him!

Above the ancient Bodhi tree, a looming green shawl slowly emerged, with countless life runes engraved on it. Under this power, everything seemed to be silent.

And this kind of power fluctuation is not the bed of the earth that you are looking for, what is it?

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: