Chapter 489: Qin Tian Xiaosheng!

"It's a mystery!" In the black and white barrier, Shefu held the dazzling snake-headed cane fairy weapon, and then said indifferently.

"That is……"

"Jiao Snake Staff!" The weak blue-and-white snake on the side opened his mouth slightly, staring at the snake in the black and white barrier in surprise.

Inside, Shefu held a dazzling snake-headed crutch, and stood on a high place, staring at the somewhat strange Qin Tian.

"Jiao Python staff?" Qing Yan on the side was slightly surprised, then raised his delicate face and looked into the black and white barrier.

"Yes, it is the Jiao Python Staff!"

"Jiao Python Staff is one of the few fairy weapons in our Medusa clan!"

"It is said that this snake and python rod was used by a powerhouse of our Medusa clan at the level of fighting immortals. With this fairy-level weapon, I don't know how many powerhouses have fallen with hatred!" Blue and White Snake said in surprise.

"What about Senior Green Snake?" Qingyan asked a little bewildered, because it was obvious that Senior Green Snake was walking towards the python stick just now.

"Senior Green Snake is not only the companion spirit snake of Teacher Shefu, but also the artifact spirit of this Jiao Python Staff..."

"The two of them should be about to decide the winner. After all, they both used such a terrifying battle, but Qin Tian is worthy of being the powerhouse at the peak of the Xuanling royal family's fighting emperor, and he can actually force the teacher to use the fairy weapon." Qinghua Snake opened his mouth slightly, then took Qing Yan and slowly retreated from the battle circle.

"Susu, do you think you can kill me with your immortal weapon?" The five black and white energy **** of life and death around Qin Tian quickly revolved around his body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yes and no, try it and you'll know?" Shefu's pupils flashed an extremely dazzling greenish green, and then above the Flood Python Staff, the light suddenly surged, like a huge energy that couldn't be suppressed. It's about to explode!

"The Spirit of the Flood Python!" Shefu shouted loudly, and then the unusually radiant Flood Python Staff suddenly pointed at Qin Tian!

The next moment, a beam of sky-shattering rays of light of hundreds of meters emerged from the Jiao Python Staff!

A black dragon and a white python constantly surround the sky-shattering light, alternately entrenched from left to right!

"嘁偁嘁!" With Shefu's terrifying attack, the black and white barrier surrounding the two of them shattered!

"The Spirit of the Flood Python, this is the one who has truly killed a half-immortal powerhouse... The Snake who can be forced to make this attack, it seems that this battle is over." The snake king above the desert easily resolved Xuan Xuan. The attack of a few members of the royal family, then glanced at the two fighting in the sky, and spoke slowly.

"Snake King, fight quickly, or else..." Mei Lan on the side also knew that the duel between Snake Fu and Qin Tian had reached the white-hot stage, and immediately shouted to the Snake King.

"En." The Snake King heard the words and turned to the few people in front of him with a gloomy face, and his breath increased to the extreme.

However, what made the Snake King depressed was that although his own strength absolutely suppressed the crowd, but these people cooperated very well with each other, and the fighting spirit with their joint efforts actually surprised the Snake King.

The Snake King is not hesitating, the monstrous attack is going away!

"It's such a terrifying fluctuation. With such strength, in some time, I'm afraid I can really break through the half-immortal and enter the fighting immortal..."

"It's a pity..." Qin Tian sighed slightly, and then the extremely hot fiery red flames were like a volcanic eruption, and suddenly filled Qin Tian's body!

The five black and white energy **** on Qin Tian's body were also slowly dyed with some hot flames, and then spun violently!

It's just that when this fiery red flame appeared, a circle of extremely strange and mysterious huge runes loomed at Qin Tian's feet!

"Come on!" Qin Tian squinted his eyes, and then shouted!

Shefu was at a height below zero, and after the huge attack from the Jiao Python Staff in his hand, his whole body became sluggish, but Shefu still looked at Qin Tian from a height below zero!

This contains the power of life and death, plus the attack of the three kinds of powers of Jiao Python, it depends on how Qin Tian resolves it!

"Boom boom boom!" Like a bolt of lightning, the huge dragon's spirit swept across the sky in an instant. Wherever it passed along the way, the space collapsed instantly!

"Good job!" Qin Tian laughed loudly, and then a huge circle of light circles suddenly spread out under his feet walking in the air, and in the huge circle of circles, strange and mysterious giant runes slowly appeared!

The huge aperture was circular, and just after it appeared, hundreds of strange runes poured out. Then Qin Tian shouted loudly, and the five huge black and white energy **** around him instantly turned!

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, the Flood Dragon Spirit brought a huge Flood Dragon shadow and a python snake shadow and bit into the space beside Qin Tian!

"嘁偁嘁!" Jiaolong and python opened their huge mouths, leaving only the sky-shattering pillar of fighting qi lingering in the air!

"King Fu Ming!" Qin Tian snorted coldly, and then his pupils turned red, and a **** aura continued to emerge from his body!

With Qin Tian's side, five black and white energy balls, plus the mysterious runes in the huge light array under his feet, the huge suction force made the dragon and python silhouettes instantly uncontrollable!

"Come on!" Qin Tian raised a palm gently, then raised his head to the sky and let out a long roar!

In the next instant, the five black and white energy **** lined up above Qin Tian's head at a speed visible to the naked eye!

Then, with Qin Tian's raised palm as the center, it spun violently!

The figures of the dragon and python were instantly uncontrollable, and were directly sucked by the five energy **** that were spinning at a high speed!

"Not good!" Shefu, who was at a height below zero, just discovered something was wrong. For Qin Tian, ​​even Shefu's own half-immortal strength did not dare to underestimate it!

Because Shefu knew that the fighting skills and medicinal herbs mastered by human beings, or some mysterious power, are definitely not found in the snake people!

"Do not move the Ming Wang formation, kill!" Qin Tianzai suddenly drank!

This time, with Qin Tian's shocking shout, the huge light array under his feet instantly burst into extremely dazzling rays of light, and mysterious runes continued to emerge!

"Wow!"

"嘁!" The dragon spirit that was sucked by Qin Tian's five energy **** suddenly let out a roar!

"It's not dead yet!" Qin Tian also noticed the tenacious vitality of the two Flood Python Spirits, and immediately clenched his teeth, a fiery red flame instantly appeared, and then directly hit the two of them!

"Shabu!" The fiery red flames just swept up on the dragon's body, and the terrifying sound of pain suddenly resounded through the sky!

"Bastard!" Shefu on the side endured the injury in his body, and then glared at Qin Tian!

For some unknown reason, Shefu actually felt a fear of death from the fiery red flames on Qin Tian's body!

"Fufu Mingwang Formation, lore!" At the next moment, Qin Tian's eyes were red, like a peerless beast, his figure suddenly left the huge light formation under his feet, and then walked towards the snake! Just ignore the five black and white energy **** that the huge light array and the extreme speed vortex suppress the Flood Python Spirit!

"Shefu, it's over!" Qin Tian's figure was very fast, and he came to the front of Shefu in an instant, and then raised his slightly depleted palm.

On the palm of the hand, a flame surrounds, or appears fiery red, but at this time, in the eyes of Snake, it is like a **** of death!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying ripples suddenly spread in the sky!

"Shefu Banxian, shouldn't he be dead now?" Qin Tian gasped for breath, then stared at the Shefu who was viciously photographed from the sky by himself!

Ask for tickets!