Chapter Vol 4 1581: Acacia fruit in the acacia tree!

"What's this... what's the situation?" In an instant, as the shadow disappeared, and the place was quiet, Xiao Yan also asked in a trance.

This acacia spirit was surprised at the double holy flames in his body at first, but then he became so good at communicating. This is the best communication spirit that Xiao Yan has encountered since ancient times.

"The Acacia tree has survived the eternal life, naturally it has its consciousness of life, and the woman just now is probably the guardian of the Acacia tree, and I guess, the reason why she is like this, I am afraid there is something that needs your help, after all, this Acacia For her, I am afraid that the tree can only go in but not go out."

"As for the third treasure of the Acacia tree in her mouth, I'm afraid it has something to do with Acacia and Broken Enteritis." After Shunxi, the Soul Eater said lightly, and it was obvious that he had more or less guessed what happened along the way. what.

"Acacia Bronchitis."

"Yingying..." Xiao Yan's heart couldn't help but become solemn after listening to Soul Eater's words. Obviously, no matter what, this time he had to get Acacia Brokenheart or get news about it.

"Forget it, the acacia fruit is also a very precious treasure in the acacia tree, but even I have never seen this kind of thing, so this time, I can only rely on you." The Lord of Soul Eater Zaidu said, obviously also I don't want to disturb Xiao Yan.

"En." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded lightly, then adjusted the aura in his body and stood quietly on the pink roots of the acacia tree.

"Acacia tree, Acacia tree, Acacia Heartbroken inflammation, is it really that magical?" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, the Soul Eater shook his head helplessly, and immediately hibernated quietly in Xiao Yan's body.

"According to the guardian's words, the Acacia Fruit should exist in the Acacia Lake, but I don't know how to make the Acacia Fruit appear..." Xiao Yan muttered slightly.

"Spiritual Palace!" In an instant, after some conditioning, Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power tilted towards the Acacia tree in front of him like a tide, trying to force out the Acacia fruit with the tyrannical power of his soul.

The acacia fruit should stand in the acacia tree, but how to force it out is an extremely important issue.

"Soul strength is useless?" After struggling, Xiao Yan wondered when he found that the Acacia tree had not changed.

"Try your spiritual power." After a while, the soul power stopped abruptly and was replaced by a touch of dazzling spiritual power, hitting the acacia tree in Zaidu.

"..." In this way, it is still deadly quiet, without any changes.

"This..." Soul power and spiritual power were useless, Xiao Yan barely opened his eyes, and touched the roots of the acacia tree with his palm, a trace of unwillingness emerged in his heart.

"Douhe... Flame Dou Qi!" After the breath, a dazzling fiery red Dou Qi emerged from Xiao Yan's body, covering the entire valley directly.

"..." Even if Xiao Yan acted like this, the Acacia tree was still immobile.

"I can't believe I can't cure you!"

"The power of double flames, burn me!" At that time, two kinds of holy flames emerged directly, filling the entire valley. The valley at this time was tantamount to a sea of ​​fire.

"Shabu Shabu!" Being burned by Xiao Yan's double holy flames, the Acacia tree suddenly moved, but the movement was like a self-defense.

"Yingying, I'm sorry..." All of a sudden, with all his efforts, the acacia tree was left indifferent, Xiao Yan clenched his fist and hit the roots of the acacia tree heavily, a touch of self-blame welling up in his heart.

In Xuan San San, he couldn't look directly at Mu Yingying's love in his heart, and even his own strength was too weak, which led to the sacrifice of Mu Yingying, which has been pressing on Xiao Yan's heart. , Now that I have finally encountered the acacia tree, there is such a glimmer of hope to save Mu Yingying, but why can't I find the way to solve it.

"Hey... the emotions and desires are the most hurtful." At this time, the Master of Soul Eater was not easy to speak, so he could only shake his head secretly.

"Weng buzzing!" Aware of Xiao Yan's sudden self-defeating, a dazzling azure blue flame burst out from the heart of Sheng Yan at the chest, slowly clinging to Xiao Yan's body, as if trying his best to comfort Xiao Yan.

"Tick." Being taken care of by the gentle power of the azure blue flame, a drop of tears lightly dripped out of the corner of Xiao Yan's eyes, and immediately fell under the roots of the pink acacia tree, a moment later. A strange thing happened.

"Xuuuu!" Following Xiao Yan's actions, the countless pink light spots in the valley easily converged towards the place where the tears fell under Xiao Yan's feet. Even at this moment, the entire Acacia tree burst out with an extremely comfortable feeling. Emotions, the dazzling power of lovesickness whizzed away at Xiao Yan's feet at the same time.

"Boom!"

"This is..." After Shunxi, countless portals in the entire valley roared out in an instant, converging at a certain point.

"Two acacias?" In an instant, the self-blame in Xiao Yan's heart slowly disappeared, and a shock appeared in his heart.

What caught my eye were two crystal fruits the size of a palm. The whole body of the fruits was pink, and the pink halo flickered like a spar. The whole fruit was beating violently like a heart. The most important thing was these two. Above the fruit, a strong Acacia power emerges. What's more, the power contained in these two Acacia fruits is probably no lower than the Dou Xian Dan. If you swallow it, you may be able to get a lot of power. .

"Yingying, thank you." At this moment, Xiao Yan's mind calmed down, and then Xiao Yan's palm slowly held his chest, and said sincerely, he knew that without Mu Yingying's help this time, I'm afraid the acacia tree The trip is a life-and-nine death.

Mu Yingying is quite a playful girl but Xiao Yan can feel her love and care all the time.

"Let's do it... If you devour all the two Acacia Fruits, with the Dou Xian Dan in your hand, I'm afraid it will be enough to break through the middle stage of the four-star Dou Xian. At that time, your strength will also be in this Earth Spirit Academy..." The Lord of Souls also spoke up, but at the end of the conversation, it stopped suddenly.

"Forget it, leave one for her." Xiao Yan blurted out without any hesitation.

Two Acacia Fruits, so I can improve my strength a lot, but the resoluteness and determination of the scene when Mu Yingying sacrificed can't be dissipated for a long time in my heart, and now I still haven't found Acacia Broken Enteritis, leaving an Acacia As a result, reviving Mu Yingying in the future will also be able to provide more protection.

"What a sentimental boy."

"But throughout the ages, sentimental guys, if they are not trash, are the most powerful people in the world."

"Like the demon emperor of the demon world, with the strength of one person, he fought alone against the powerhouses of the three realms to gain an invincible position. Unfortunately, in the end, his lover was also Xiang Xiaoyushuang. Because of his love, he was ambushed by the supreme being of the three realms, and thus was completely sealed and suppressed. "The Soul Eater shook his head.