Chapter Vol 4 922: 1 injured 1 escape!

"Boom boom boom!" Fen Tian's attack hit Xuan Xin unreservedly, and Dark Night Ghost Immortal was also temporarily stopped by Zhu Jin and his party, and then he couldn't take it out.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Fen Tian's attack beam disappeared, and the Xuan Xin, which was arrogant before, was now floating directly from the air, like a dead dog, and floated toward the ground!

But after a closer look, he knew that Xuanxin's left hand actually disappeared at this moment! And in that pupil, there was a look of extreme anger and pain, and even the whole body was full of blood, obviously suffering from extremely heavy injuries!

"Bang bang bang!" Xuan Xin fell directly on the ground, and couldn't help stirring up a burst of dust, his whole body was dying, but he obviously still had a breath.

This Xuanxin's left hand was obviously destroyed by Fen Tian's attack just now!

And if it wasn't for the Xuanling Royal Family and Fenxiang Pavilion's consideration, Fen Tian had just kept his hand, I'm afraid this Xuanxin would have completely fallen under that blow.

"asshole!"

"This Xuanxin is extremely vigilant, how could there be so many mistakes?"

"Dragon-loving Legion and Dong Xuan, these are the two most powerful forces at present, how can they not be under the command of Xuanxin for some reason..."

"And my cooperation is only with Xuanxin. Now that Xuanxin is injured, I am afraid that his status in the Xuanling royal family will be greatly reduced..."

"Could it have something to do with that person?" After a while, Dark Night Guixian suddenly thought of the person who often came to the seventh floor of the underground palace, the national teacher Wen Zi, but at this time, Xuan Xin was seriously injured, obviously these things are not important.

"Go first!" With Xuanxin's serious injury, Dark Night Ghost Immortal is worthy of being a decisive person. Seeing Xuanxin's injury, he didn't hesitate or think about other things. With a shake, he directly entered it and disappeared on the seventh floor of the underground palace.

"Want to run?" Seeing this, Zhu Jin couldn't help urging his own strength to stop the Dark Night Ghost, but the Dark Night Ghost was so powerful that he was instantly escaped.

"Dark Night Ghost..."

"You bastard..."

"And Fen Tian..." At this time, Xuan Xin forcibly endured the pain of his arm turning into powder directly under Fen Tian's attack, and his entire body was severely injured.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Let's go!" Fen Tian couldn't help but sneered when he saw Xuanxin's appearance. He didn't stop here, he left his domain, and then headed towards the silver statue of the dry river.

"Pavilion Master, just let him run away like that?"

"This guy was one of the parties involved in that incident back then..." Zhu Jin couldn't help but said when he saw this.

"What do you want?"

"kill him?"

"And then caused a war between the two super sects?" Fenxiang frowned. Obviously, he was in a very bad mood at this time, but as the pavilion owner of Fenxiang Pavilion, he had to consider other things. .

"I..." Zhu Jin shook her head when she heard the words.

"Let's go, save Yanchi first, and then leave here directly."

"This Xuanxin can't be killed, otherwise, the Xuanling royal family will use this as an excuse..."

"And the man in black robe just now is one of the three ghost immortals. The ghost immortal entered Xuan Sansan. This is a major event. I estimate that the battle with our Xuan Santian will also start." After Fen Tian finished speaking, he appeared in a flash. on top of the silver statue.

When the other Zhu Jin saw this, they couldn't help but follow him. Only at this moment did the tense expression on Xuan Muqing's face slowly calm down.

"Are you going to make a move..."

"Gather the power of me and you, and have more than 90% confidence to keep these people." At this time, the source power of the Blood Demon Envoy, who was hidden in the dark place, suddenly opened his mouth.

"Need not."

"I want to put a long line and catch big fish."

"Yanchi, I gave it to them. I believe that he will bring me more precious things in the future." King Xuanling laughed strangely after he finished speaking.

"This guy is really a lunatic." Hearing the words, the source power of the Gorefiend also calmed down.

He naturally knew the meaning behind the words of King Xuanling. In Yan Chi's body, it seemed that something was planted by King Xuanling. That thing, even a two-star Dou Xian powerhouse, would be extremely difficult to find, but once it erupted, it was completely invisible. People can be enemies.

"strangeness……"

"The seventh floor of the underground palace seems to be a little too simple." Seeing Dark Night Ghost Immortal and Xuanxin Fighting Immortals, one wounded and one flee, Xiao Yan couldn't help thinking.

It stands to reason that the strictness of this underground palace is the treasure house of the Xuanling royal family, how can the guards be so thin...

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, the blood demon gold energy in Xiao Yan's chest suddenly rioted, causing Xiao Yan's body to be filled with a suffocating energy!

"Are you... alright?" Mu Yingying's thoughts were all on her brother, but she felt the aura on Xiao Yan's body, but her beautiful eyes flashed with disgust!

Sheng Yan is a natural nemesis for foreign evil races, so Sheng Yan is also extremely sensitive to the aura of foreign evil races.

"Dong dong dong!" Xiao Yan felt that the always quiet blood demon gold energy was fighting the riot, and he couldn't understand why, but there were many strong people from their Burning Incense Pavilion here, and Xiao Yan didn't dare to expose this thing. , and then slammed his fingers on his chest, temporarily suppressing the blood demon gold qi.

"Huhu." This seemingly simple thing consumed a lot of Xiao Yan's life force, so he took a deep breath.

"Don't worry Looking at Xiao Yan's slightly ugly face, Mu Yingying smiled slightly, obviously not aware of the sudden evil spirit on Xiao Yan's body just now, but her trust in Xiao Yan was not at all. No reduction.

"This statue is indeed the founder of the Xuanling royal family."

"But after being sealed by Medusa's petrified pupil for so many years, I don't know if it is alive or dead." After Fen Tian finished speaking, his eyes were fixed on the space above the statue.

Above the statue is a rather strange space, slightly collapsed, giving people a very heavy feeling.

"Pavilion Master, according to our investigation just now, the aura of Yan Chi should be here..." Zhu Jin said.

"here……"

"It's really a bit weird, and it's no wonder you guys can't open it." After Fen Tian finished speaking, he suddenly laughed.

"Pavilion Master, even you can't do anything about this thing, what should I do now?" At this time, the people standing on the silver statue, looking at the void where even Fen Tian couldn't help, couldn't help saying.

"I don't have a way, naturally someone has a way."

"I said yes?"

"Xiao Yan, a disciple of the Human Palace?" After Fen Tian finished speaking, he suddenly looked at a rock in the dry river below.

And as Burning Incense spoke like this, there was a slight movement behind the rock, and after a while, two figures emerged instantly.

"Hehe, pavilion master, all deputy hall masters, Elder Zhu, I have a solution for this eye-blocking method." Xiao Yan took Mu Yingying and swept up directly, then came to the crowd and said with a grin.