Chapter Vol 4 858: 7 Faced Spiders vs Lord Solomon

"Guni, take this thing and step back!" The Solomon Sect Master's face sank. He knew that he could only do it quickly, and immediately handed the Vast Sea Cover to Guni and said.

"Okay." Hearing the words, Guni carefully took the Vast Sea Cover, fearing that it would be damaged, and then stepped aside.

Just starting the Vast Sea Cover, a huge energy of extremely origin echoed in his hand, as if he was holding the power of a sea!

"This guy, let you stop for a while."

"But I really didn't expect that the Wandu Sect would even hand over this thing to Wang Xie."

"Magic spiders, even the Ten Thousand Poison Sect, are very few. They regard them as treasures."

"And these seven-faced demon spiders are probably extremely valuable in the Ten Thousand Poison Sect." Qi Haoqing stood aside and said slowly.

Until this time, Qi Haoqing's soul power and even consciousness have all disappeared. At this time, Qi Haoqing is no longer Qi Haoqing.

"Do it!" Wang Xie said gloomily, and then the black poisonous gas wrapped the seven-faced demon spider and launched an attack directly on the Solomon Sect Master!

"Zizi!" The seven-faced demon spider moved at a high speed, not forgetting to spit out a mass full of powerful destructive and corrosive power at Solomon's mouth.

"Shabu-shabu!" Sect Master Solomon was not a vegetarian either, so his figure flashed and he avoided it instantly.

However, the black venom was heading towards the space behind the Solomon Sect Master!

"Zizi!" With a weak voice, the molten slurry was instantly corroded and a big hole was formed!

Such a terrifying venom, I am afraid that the strength is not enough for a half-immortal strong person, and it will die instantly!

"Humph!" Sect Master Solomon shouted loudly, and then on the palm of his hand, a dazzling ghostly energy emerged, attacking the seven-faced demon spider!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying ghost energy and the poisonous attack combined to create an explosion all over the sky, making this lava world quite poignant.

"This guy, why does he have the ghost spirit of the ghost world?" At this time, Wang Xie also found something wrong, and immediately opened his mouth.

Ghost qi, the heart is a special energy that only ghosts in the ghost world possess.

"Ghost Slash!" After a while, the ghost energy in the hands of the Solomon Sect Master condensed into a black demon sword, and then lightly lifted it, and an extremely sharp wave was instantly born.

"Defend!" Wang Xie was shocked when he saw this, but he didn't have time to hesitate, and the attack immediately landed on the seven-faced demon spider!

"Zizi!" The seven-faced demon spider was hit by such a powerful blow from Sect Master Solomon, and immediately the black poison wrapped around his body dissipated a lot, and his breath weakened slightly. Obviously Sect Master Solomon's attack was too tyrannical !

"No, this is the molten world. The seven-faced demon spider is too weakened. It seems that we need to fight quickly!" Wang Xie summoned the seven-faced demon spider. Naturally, he lost his blood essence, so Wang Xie naturally didn't want to. Waste time, or let this Solomon master succeed, then what awaits you is death.

"Seven-faced spiders, five-faced!" The next moment, Wang Xie called out directly to the attacking seven-faced spiders.

When the seven-faced demon spider heard the words, the place with seven faces in its abdomen suddenly turned into seven raised balls, and at this time, five of the seven were appropriately flashing with unusually brilliant colors.

"What a violent poisonous gas!" Seeing this, Sect Master Solomon immediately shook the palm of his hand holding the Ghost Qi Demon Sword.

"Kill me!" Wang Xie shouted loudly, and then the five splendid **** on the Seven-faced Demon Spider exuded deadly poisonous gas, and rushed towards the Solomon Sect Master!

"Looking for death!" In the face of such an attack from the Seven-faced Demon Spider, Sect Master Solomon naturally knew how terrible this thing was, so he immediately scolded, and just wanted to raise the demon knife in his hand, but was unexpectedly blocked by a thick white thing. .

"Cobwebs?" Sect Master Solomon turned his head to look, and he didn't know when he was surrounded by a lot of cobwebs!

"Damn!"

"When did this thing appear?" Sect Master Solomon was shocked, but he would not be able to break free for a while.

"That cobweb really appeared silently." Guni was also a little worried at this time. After all, the cobweb appeared just now, but Guni could see it clearly. It was when Sect Master Solomon attacked the seven-faced spider. , the seven-faced magic spider was cast out, but Gunny didn't know why their Solomon Sect Master didn't find it.

"What a strong anesthesia..."

"Body, don't obey." In just a few short breaths, Sect Master Solomon was dripping with sweat on his forehead.

The body was entangled by the strange spider web of the seven-faced demon spider, and the entire body was also invaded by a very special anesthesia. At this time, Master Solomon only felt his head dizzy and almost fainted.

If it weren't for Solomon's sect master possessing a half-immortal-level strength, he would have been instantly stunned by the spider web, thus becoming a delicious food for the seven-faced demon spider.

"Five-faced magic feet!"

"Kill him!" Wang Xie's body is also starting to weaken, but for Wang Xie, as long as he kills the Solomon Sect Master and devours it, I am afraid that his seven-faced demon spider can evolve into a real eight-faced demon. Spider, when the time comes, it can be comparable to the monsters of the human beings who fight immortals!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Although this kind of thing can't be used for a long time, it is obviously very good as his last killer.

"Zizi!" Hearing the words, the seven-faced demon spider suddenly had five small **** that bulge out of its abdomen, dripping with liquids of five colors, and then slowly wrapped around the five thin feet of the seven-faced demon spider!

"Bastard!" Seeing this, the Solomon Sect Master couldn't help but scolded secretly, and the demon blade in his hand also instantly fell into the molten world. Obviously, the power of anesthesia was too great, so that the half-immortal Solomon Sect Master couldn't even eat it. go!

But the next moment, there was a strange look in the eyes of Sect Master Solomon, and on the palm, a pure white breath suddenly appeared That breath instantly isolated all the poisonous gas, extremely mystery!

"Kill!" As soon as Wang Xie's voice fell, the entire molten world was exuding the deadly venom of the Seven-faced Demon Spider!

"Zizzi!" The seven-faced demon spider obeyed Wang Xie's words, gently lifted its five legs painted with five-colored venom, and blasted towards Solomon Sect Master!

With such a terrifying attack, Sect Master Solomon is also caught in the shackles of the Seven-faced Demon Spider. If he is hit by the Seven-faced Demon Spider, I am afraid that Sect Master Solomon's half-immortal strength will also fall instantly!

"ended!"

"from now on!"

"Lord Solomon no longer exists!"

"The dignified Solomon Sect Master actually fell into the hands of one of my juniors. If this is spread out, I'm afraid it will make others laugh out loud!"

"Hahaha!" Wang Xie laughed at this moment.

"Really?"

"Young man, he is too young."

"Jiang is still old and hot." After Solomon Sect Master finished speaking, a bright white light suddenly appeared on the palm of his hand, and then the seven-faced spider that made a fatal blow to Solomon Sect Master was instantly killed by Solomon!

Sect Master Solomon directly pierced the body of the seven-faced demon spider with his palm with pure white light!

And the Seven-faced Demon Spider couldn't believe it until he died. Sect Master Solomon was clearly already in his own pocket. How could he break free from the shackles of his spider web, and that pure white light could actually resist his deadly venom!