Chapter Vol 4 1758: Interrogation, evil race situation!

"Boom!" Ripples of destruction like spring water continued to permeate out of the pink Acacia Flame Realm, adding the characteristics of the Acacia Flame Realm.

Weakened the enemy's one-star power and enhanced his own one-star power. Now the Demon Empress of Poison Sha is only in the late stage of Six-Star Fighting Immortal, and Xiao Yan's power is also tyrannical, also in the late Six-Star Fighting Immortal stage, so Xiao Yan has become unmatched for a while. starter

"Pfft!" With a sound, when the four-colored fire lotus touched the Poisonous Demon Empress, the Poisonous Demon Empress' expression dimmed, and the evil tools in her hands were being used.

"Boom!" In the face of Xiao Yan's deadly holy flame and fire lotus, a monstrous green demonic energy emerged from the body of the Poisonous Demon Empress. Immediately on the palm of her hand, the silver demonic weapon was instantly swept away by her. enlarge.

For a time, the poisonous demon bell turned into a huge shroud of demonic energy, completely wrapping the body of the poisonous demon queen, slowly isolating the destructive fire lotus that resisted Xiao Yan.

"See you next time, I will definitely kill you completely!" The Demon Empress of Poison Bracers said in a deep voice, her face was extremely ugly, and she was actually in the hands of this guy twice.

"Don't worry, it's just three things, you don't have a chance!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't look shocked and said slowly.

"Poison evil demon bell, explode it for me!" I called out softly, and the demonic hood around my body suddenly shrank, and it was about to explode in an instant. Xuan three days will be affected.

"Forty thousand core inscriptions!"

"Give me a bundle!" Seeing the scene of the Demon Empress of Poison Shaking so desperately, the core inscription of the divine movement in the depths of the Nigong Pill in Xiao Yan's body shook violently. The flame formation of Wan Dao's core inscription spread out.

The formation not only contained the power of Holy Flame, but also added a special power of confinement by Xiao Yan.

"Gulu... how is this possible?" Looking at Xiao Yan's irresistible means, the demonic hood around the Demon Empress of Poison Bracers suddenly shrank, and was only a few dozen meters in size in an instant. After the package, he has nowhere to go.

"Huhu, sure enough, the formation and soul power cultivation can't be left behind." Xiao Yan said with a satisfied smile, but this time, although the battle qi and soul power have been greatly improved in this trip to the ghost world, he still has a problem with his own fighting and soul attack methods. In other words, the improvement is quite small, and even the battle formation master and the refining technology have not been used for a long time. It seems that they have to find time to make up for these together.

"If you want me to die, don't think about it better!"

"Break up this queen!" Seeing that there was no way out, the Demon Empress Dusha froze, and immediately tried to blow herself up.

"..."

"What's going on?" Just as he was about to self-destruct, he found that the evil power in his body could not be used under the siege of the Acacia Flame Domain and the Flame Array?

"Don't waste your efforts... Just accept the sanctions." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

He had long expected that this guy would choose to self-destruct, so he added a special power to the core inscription, thus limiting self-destruction.

"I want to ask you something, I hope you tell the truth." In a space where there were only two people, Xiao Yan was not shy and said directly.

"You're dreaming!" The Demon Empress of Poison Sha roared with a ghastly expression, and there was a faint trace of extremely evil on her forehead under her hat, which quietly emerged.

"Has an evil pattern been planted?" Even if it was a flash in the pan, it didn't escape Xiao Yan's detection, and he suddenly couldn't shake his head.

There are many powerhouses among the evil tribes outside the realm, and every time the top powerhouses tell their subordinates to do anything, they will personally plant the evil marks on them, so that even if the mission fails, they will not reveal any news.

"Soul!" After a while, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, the third floor of the inner spiritual palace in the soul realm in his body burst out with dazzling rays of light, and immediately the soul avatar, Xiao Lei emerged.

"I'll leave it to you!" Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, he needed a lot of information about the foreign evil clan and some things, and the Poison Sha Demon Queen's status among the foreign evil clan was not low. Xiao Lei entered his mind and searched for useful information.

"Yes." Xiao Lei nodded lightly, and immediately turned into a stream of light, penetrating directly into the body of the Poison Demon Empress.

"Boom!" With a sound, Xiao Lei's figure was completely blocked by the pitch-black lines on the forehead of the Poisonous Demon Empress, and even Xiao Lei became unsupportable for such a level of evil lines.

"pass it to me!"

"The power of holy flame!" Seeing this extremely evil pattern, Xiao Yan's pressure doubled, and the amber rock soul fire under the fusion of the four-color holy flame turned out to have only a trace of prestige, and even Xiao Yan felt that this pitch-black pattern The arranger of , whose strength is probably the lowest is also...

Reincarnation.

It's the kind of extraterrestrial evil clan superpower who really stepped into the ninth level of reincarnation!

Otherwise, Xiao Yan, who has four holy flames, cannot be made to be like a great enemy.

"Kacha!" With a sound, the pitch-black pattern didn't last long, it was completely shattered, and then dissipated. Xiao Lei also turned into a meteor and jumped into it.

"..." After a few minutes, Xiao Lei's figure emerged.

"The meeting of the kings?"

"What on earth are these foreign evil clans planning?" After a while, as Xiao Lei probed his memory, Xiao Yan suddenly learned of rare news.

Obviously, this meeting of the kings is probably the real event of the entire extraterritorial evil clan, and Xiao Yan always has a hunch that it seems that the extraterritorial evil clan will have a big move soon, but this memory exploration does not have much useful information, obviously The status of the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple is far from touching the core of the extraterritorial evil clan, but in the first part of her memory, the Demon Queen of the Poison Temple who murdered extremely evilly made Xiao Yan quite hate it.

"Forget it, let's destroy it like this." Seeing the Poison Braces Demon Empress in a coma, Xiao Yan did not show any mercy, the dazzling amber holy flame suddenly spread and burned it completely , and the dignified Poison Temple Demon Empress also completely fell here.

At the same time, beyond the distant Daqian world, on an evil mountain.

"Kacha!" With a sound, a pitch-black jade stone suddenly shattered, and on top of the jade stone, the four characters of the Demon Empress of Poison Bracers were unusually conspicuous.

"The Demon Empress of Poison Temple, has she fallen..." The black air mass above the mountain muttered while looking at the jade fragments that were turned into powder on the palm of her hand.

"Lord Demon of Darkness, Lord Demon of Light led all the demon guards under his command, killed some of our important territories, and immediately betrayed the evil race from outside the territory. If we leave it alone, it will be extremely unfavorable to us." After a while, a black Shadow Zaidu emerged from the void, and immediately said respectfully.

"Three black-level kings were dispatched, and the demon of light must be brought back."

"Also, send someone to pay attention to the power in the Holy See of the Human World..."

"Yes, my lord!" The voice fell, and the black shadow disappeared immediately. The whole evil place, the evil atmosphere, was like a scene of doomsday.

"Demon of Light, you were the one who begged me to fall into the abyss voluntarily, and now you want to be liked by the world like an archangel?"

"Where do you put my demon of darkness?" As soon as he finished speaking, the place suddenly became quiet.

It's just that this so-called demon of darkness, with that kind of strength, probably stands at the top of the entire foreign evil race. First release https://https://