Chapter Vol 4 1871: Water Stream Cliff!

"Forget it, since Your Excellency is all right, let's go back and leave early. After all, all parts of the demon world are in troubled times." The woman shook her head gently and said to Xiao Yan.

As for the Demon Fate Cave that Xiao Yan asked about, it was obvious that the two of them did not regard it as the same thing. After all, this thing is a well-known existence. There are countless demon spirits who go there all the year round but get nothing, because this is the most mysterious place in the demon world. There are hardly any demon spirits that can be found in person, so it is also a common phrase used by demon spirits to ridicule others.

"Let's talk about anything, anyway, I..." Xiao Yan opened his mouth and said, just about to say something, but he saw the fierce anger of the caravan captain.

"No, you are trying to find a fight, aren't you?"

"Still looking at my eldest young lady's national beauty, do you want to be lazy and not leave?"

"I have to tell you, I usually kill someone like you, who doesn't know what's good or bad!" Seeing this, the caravan captain approached Xiao Yan, his aura was awe-inspiring and full of oppression!

In the early stage of Six-Star Fighting Immortals, a mountain-like aura was blowing in his face. The body of this caravan captain was probably a supernatural being related to mountains.

"Xiao Yan." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't explain too much. He slowly raised his palm and held it against the caravan captain.

"He Lei." Upon seeing this, the captain of the caravan held Xiao Yan with his palm. He also wanted to teach the latter a lesson and tell him to stay away from the eldest lady. Moreover, the eldest lady is kind by nature. How many things like this have happened. Again, they were almost killed by others for money a few times, so they would naturally be more careful.

"Sisi!"

"Good boy!" Xiao Yan and He Lei just touched their palms, and they squeezed together without a smile, but after a while, He Lei's complexion and the blue veins on his arms bulged, obviously suffering from extreme pain. The tyrannical oppression, on the other hand, Xiao Yan's smiling face is like a normal person.

"I don't know if I can follow you back to Butterfly Valley. I think I should be able to help now, right?"

"As for where I came from, I'm afraid I'm as stupid as you said... I also forgot." Xiao Yan said with a little regret.

"Miss...this?" Seeing this, He Lei looked at the beautiful figure beside him in confusion, apparently the only woman among the crowd was their confidant.

"My name is Dieqi, you can go back with me, maybe I can help you." After speaking, the woman gently walked towards Xiao Yan, and slowly stretched out her clenched jade hand towards Xiao Yan. .

"Nice to meet you." Xiao Yan also shook hands and said with a smile.

It's just that the palm of this butterfly prayer is extremely white, and there is a faint aroma drifting away, as if there is some strange power.

"I have nothing to do, I'm going back." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan was returning to the tent, adjusting his breath, and making himself fit for the demon world as soon as possible. Even in the future, he would have energy to protect himself.

"Miss, this guy's strength should not be underestimated."

"The strength of the hand just now, to say the least, is more than the level of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal. This kind of powerhouse is currently lacking in the family." He Lei said with a complicated expression.

"Let's talk about it, this kind of thing can't be forced, let's rest early, we will arrive at Shuijianya tomorrow, where there is probably a fierce battle waiting for us." Die Qi finished speaking, and his body was not in a tent.

"Alas... Ever since Lord Monster Emperor disappeared inexplicably, strange things have been going on in the Monster World. I think that Lord Monster World led us to attack the Three Realms in a row and beat them down!" Yu Yin curled up, and calm was restored here.

At this time, in the long dark night, far away from the habitat of Xiao Yan's people, there was a cliff of Shuijian Mountain surrounded by the sound of running water.

"Is the information clear?" In a shady place behind the water stream, several mysterious figures emerged here. One of them, an old man with white hair, asked a few people around him in a contemptuous tone. road.

"Three elders, everything is clear. It is said that the eldest lady in Butterfly Valley is the one who is in charge of material delivery this time. Her own strength has reached the middle stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal. In addition to the guard captain He Lei, the Six-Star Fighting Immortal In the early days, the two Six-Star Fighting Immortals might be a little tricky." The guards around him couldn't help but hesitated when they heard the words.

"The surrounding mountains in Butterfly Valley are steep and steep. This is the only way to get in and out. When they arrive tomorrow, let's kill them all." The old man's eyes were cold and extremely frightening.

"Yes, three elders!" Several people heard the words, and each set up some ambush in this water stream.

The difference between demon spirits and human beings is reflected at this time. If the demon spirit itself is some spirituality related to rocks and soil, it can also exert a lot of power in the human state today.

"I don't know how the plans of the adults are going. It will take a lot of time to start the strategy from the edge of each demon country..."

"Furthermore, the hundred countries of the demon world are now torn apart, and the flames of war are about to ignite. I hope we can capture the ten thousand demon kingdoms as soon as possible, and cooperate with many powerful forces to integrate the power of the demon world. Our demon realm is severely damaged, so we have enough strength to deal with the other six realms!"

"Our demon world is the leader of the world. What **** humans are, in the final analysis, it's just coveting the demon pill in our spirit body, trying to absorb the essence of the demon pill or use it to refine pills, it's really a group of hypocritical creatures..." The old man The resentful eyes turned into resentment, and its human body was slowly illusory, becoming like a phantom of a huge dragon over a hundred meters long, and the fierce aura, under the shroud of the night, was full of demonic energy. !

The next day, the sky was clear, Xiao Yan and everyone were heading towards the water cliff, but along the way, Xiao Yan found that, apart from the caravan captain He Leige and the eldest lady Die Qi, who were friendly to him, the other guards complained to him. Quite deep, what do you say that you are white-eyed and eat free food or something...

Xiao Yan was unable to refute this, and could only continue on his way.

"Miss is in front of Shuijian Cliff, do you see?" At this time, the guard in charge of exploring the road slowly came back, with a tone of inquiry.

"Captain He took the lead and told everyone to be optimistic about the supplies. After I came to the end, the water cliffs were surrounded by unattainable rocks, and there were special restrictions, so be careful." Die Qi nodded lightly, her beautiful eyes looking through the surrounding soil, Looking at the water cliff standing hundreds of meters above the soil in front of him, he said.

"I'll break it too... and there seems to be some good things in it." Xiao Yan took a step forward and surrounded Die Qi. For some reason, Xiao Yan's soul power was fed back to Xiao Yan. Something is definitely not simple, even in this so-called intricate water cliff, there seems to be something that can attract Xiao Yan.

"Let's go." After some arrangements, everyone entered one after another, but they didn't know whether it was a blessing or a curse this time.

With the entry of the caravan, this complex rocky water cliff was surrounded by a gray mist, and in the mist, there was a soaring aura rising to the sky.

That is demonic energy, and it is still extremely strong demonic energy. In this water cliff, I am afraid that there is a powerful and powerful monster!