Chapter 298: One of the three leaders of the named disciples, Li Ji!

"Is it difficult for the five of us to deal with these hundreds of people?" Green Flute also said somewhat incredulously.

Of the five of them, Xiao Yi's real strength is that of a seven-star Dou Emperor, but through Xiao Yan's special technique, Xiao Yi's strength was suppressed to the level of a four-star Dou Emperor. On the one hand, in order not to attract the attention of others, one The aspect is also to hide the identity of the little Ina fire elf,

Others, Ludi himself is a late stage four-star fighting emperor, Mu Yingying is a four-star fighting emperor's perfect strength. As for Mu Feng, it is strange to say that his strength has been slowly improving.

Since the Infernal Corpse Forest came out, Mu Feng's strength has also been abruptly raised from the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor to the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor!

With the rapid increase in strength, even Xiao Yan was quite ashamed.

This makes Xiao Yan quite strange, but according to his master Jinlong King, the reason why Mu Feng's strength has increased so quickly is very similar to Xiao Yan himself, that is, absorbing power!

He absorbed the power that did not belong to him, and then transformed it into his own power through a special method, so the increase in power made Xiao Yan quite ashamed.

"Master, Mu Feng's strength has increased a little quickly..." Xiao Yan was also surprised and asked slowly in his heart. After all, Xiao Yan has never heard that strength can increase so quickly, even in adversity. Poison also does not have such a terrifying speed.

"Hehe, you don't know about this. The Fen Jue in your body can continuously improve the level of Fen Jue and your own strength by devouring the power of the different fire or the fire between heaven and earth."

"And the yin and yang gossip exercises in Mu Feng's body are not as valuable as your Fen Jue, but they should not be underestimated."

"When I was in the corpse forest, I discovered that there are some strange things on Mu Feng's body, and now it seems to be correct."

"The yin and yang gossip exercises on his body should be similar to yours, Fen Jue."

"You can absorb the huge flame energy to quickly improve your strength, then this Mu Feng can also absorb the ghost energy in the ghost world to improve your strength." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's heart.

"This yin-yang gossip technique is really terrifying..." Xiao Yan was cultivating Fen Jue. Naturally, he knew the power of this technique, but behind the power, he had to endure more pain.

And now, the Yin-Yang Bagua Cultivation Technique on Mu Feng has similar effects to Xiao Yan's Burning Jue, how can this make Xiao Yan not shocked.

"Okay, don't take the initiative to contact me recently. There are some quite powerful hidden auras in the Burning Incense Pavilion. If they detect it, it will be more than the loss. After all, we haven't found the holy flame yet." The Golden Dragon King finished speaking, and there was no voice.

"Uncle, I don't know how to conduct this kind of competition?" Xiao Yan also respectfully asked Mu Xuzi.

Hearing this, Mu Xuzi also raised his hand helplessly, obviously ignoring Xiao Yan and the others' inquiry, everything had to rely on them.

"It's easy, which one of you will come first?"

"Fight until one side admits defeat." The man in the hall said slowly.

"Hehe, don't think that we don't know about the battle of your wheel, we are not fooled." Mu Yingying also recovered her quirky personality after yesterday's rest, so she also said to the people in front of her.

"Then what do you guys think?" The man was also a little embarrassed. After all, the five people in front of him were the proud ones who joined the Fenxiang Pavilion this year!

Those who are qualified to join the Burning Incense Pavilion will definitely not be ordinary people. After the selection of the points plundering competition, since they can stand here, they must have something extraordinary, so these named disciples are not stupid, and they plan to use the tactics of wheel battles. They, even if they have the ability to reach the sky, when the fighting qi in the body is exhausted, there will only be one end.

It's just that what these new disciples didn't expect was that these people didn't play cards according to the routine.

"What a beautiful woman..." Many named disciples also looked at Mu Yingying with hot eyes.

A man's favorite things are, after all, beauty, money and status.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Don't forget the business." Seeing that some people were attracted by Mu Yingying, there were many named disciples who raised their voices deliberately.

"Then what do you want to do?" Among the named disciples, a man in plain clothes also said slowly to Xiao Yan.

"Why don't we all go together." Xiao Yan also looked at the hundreds of people, and immediately said.

With his outstanding soul power, Xiao Yan also discovered that the man in plain clothes in front of him should be the most terrifying of these named disciples.

If Xiao Yan feels right, there are 128 people in total, among them, there are three powerful people who have completed four-star Dou Di, and the man in simple clothes just now is one of them. The remaining four-star Dou Di has twenty people. There are so many people, and the others are basically the strength of the late four-star Dou Di.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Go together?"

"Are you sure?" As Xiao Yan's voice just fell, the 128 named disciples suddenly exploded.

"Is this person mentally ill..."

"We actually let us go together. We have 128 people here, but there are only five of them..."

"It's too much to take us seriously..." There was a constant voice among the named disciples.

"Li Ji, what should we do..."

"This is a hard-won opportunity. For this opportunity, we have not done less work for Fenxiang Pavilion in the past." A named disciple was also humane to the plain clothes just now.

"I know." The simple man, Li Ji said.

"This kid, is the strength in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor so rampant..."

"To deal with 128 of us with the power of five people, isn't this a fool's dream..."

"No Things shouldn't be so simple..." Li Ji quickly calculated in her heart.

On the side, Mu Xuzi looked at these people silently.

He is very clear that the contribution of these 128 named disciples to their Fenxiang Pavilion in the past is enough for them to join the Fenxiang Pavilion, but there is still one hurdle in front of them, so go to these five people.

If they defeat Xiao Yan and the other five, then the cultivation resources given to Xiao Yan and the five will continue to be allocated to them, but at that time, many of these 128 disciples will become Xiao Yan’s fellow disciples. .

But if these 128 people did not defeat Xiao Yan and the other five, it also means that the talents of these 128 people are not enough to join the Fenxiang Pavilion. At that time, the Fenxiang Pavilion will not absorb these people.

"By the way, Brother Li, I heard that the first place in the points looting competition, relying on the strength of the four-star Dou Di in the early stage, I don't know what method I used to kill the twin ghost emperors who were seriously injured. "A named disciple also seemed to remember something.

"What's his name?" When Li Ji heard the words, her pupils suddenly shrank tightly, and then she stared at Xiao Yan who was carrying a heavy black ruler in front of him, while roaring at the person beside him.

"It seems to be a man with a heavy black ruler..."

"My name is Xiao Yan..."

The second update is here!

Ask for tickets!

Five more today!

Can I ask for a guaranteed monthly pass?

Thank you!