Chapter Vol 4 1254: trailing

"Sir... You are..." This hidden space in the space formation is extremely hidden. The five people in Yihong Courtyard in the narrow and hungry space are not weak, even the most powerful ones. The weak ones have reached the strength of the two-star Dou Xian, and the strongest is Ye Ku in the late three-star Dou Xian.

This group of people is impressively the people of Kuyezhai. The space here is set up just after they mastered the space teleportation formation. The small space is enough to accommodate ten people, but the people of Yuzong are completely unaware of it.

"The fluctuation of the soul on this kid is extremely terrifying, and it has reached the fairyland." The man in black said, and his voice was filled with extremely hot fluctuations!

His purpose is to collect souls!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And the so-called soul body, to a certain extent, is the soul power separated from the body!

Therefore, the strength of the soul power determines the strength of the soul body.

"Wonderland soul power?" Ye Ku on the side couldn't help frowning when he heard the words. Obviously, although he was not a pharmacist and had never practiced soul power, he still heard about soul power.

If it is only based on the soul power, the powerhouse of the fairyland soul power is no weaker than a three-star fighting immortal powerhouse!

Even under certain coincidences, the three-star fighting immortal powerhouse will be seriously injured by the fairyland soul powerhouse. This is the most terrifying place.

"This kid, I want it, I don't care about the rest." After the man in black finished speaking, he calmed down and waited for the opportunity to do something.

"Fuck, this bastard, if it wasn't for you from 'that power', I'm afraid the master of this restaurant would slap you to death!"

"This Xiao Yan is the murderer who harmed my son. I still want him to die..." But Ye Ku, although extremely unhappy in his heart, didn't show it. After all, the power behind this black-clothed man can only be said in a single sentence. Let them be removed from the ghost world, unless Ye Ku doesn't want to mix, or give him a hundred courage, and don't dare to provoke them.

Kuyezhai's group of five slowly stood in the dark passage. Once the space teleportation formation was successfully repaired, they would take action without any need.

"Boom!" The battle in the space formation continued.

"Weng Om!" Xiao Yan's soul attack directly seriously injured the silver dragon, and then added the Great Elder's lightning net cage, and the silver dragon was imprisoned immediately.

Although the silver dragon is tyrannical, it has no intelligence. It is like a child who has just been born but controls enormous power. Regardless of its tyrannical strength and lack of intelligence control, it is also vulnerable to the joint efforts of Xiao Yan and several others.

At this time, the silver dragon was constantly lingering with the power of silver space, exuding an extremely dangerous atmosphere, but outside it, layers of airtight lightning nets tightly imprisoned it. Looking at the appearance, it is impossible to break free in a short time.

"I didn't expect Xiao Yan to reach the soul of the fairyland at such a young age. It really makes the old man ashamed." Seeing the silver dragon being subdued, the first elder Yumu couldn't help but apologize together.

Originally, I thought that it would be too expensive to dispatch a third-grade soul core of the immortal rank to hire a hairy boy, but now, after seeing Xiao Yan's combat power, Yumu felt that it was worth it, it was worth it!

It seemed simple just now, but if it wasn't for Xiao Yan's soul power attack that seriously injured the silver dragon, I'm afraid that they would not necessarily be able to bind the silver dragon.

"The power of space on the silver giant dragon is really disordered..." Xiao Yan felt the power of space on the silver giant dragon, and even faintly made his scalp feel numb.

"Young friend Xiao Yan, rest assured, this silver giant dragon is a mutant energy body of the power of space. As long as the sect master repairs the core of the formation, then this guy will disappear." The elder said with a smile.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, but he didn't have the consciousness to stop, but moved towards the bound silver dragon.

"Everyone is responsible for vigilance. Although this silver dragon is a collection of space power, it is inevitable that some missing space power will attack the core of the formation, so you can't relax your vigilance." The elder said solemnly.

"Yes!" When the other people heard the words, their bosses opened their eyes and focused on the changes in the formation space.

Xiao Yan was in charge of the defense of soul power, naturally he was not as vigilant as others, but walked gently to the silver giant dragon, as if he had some plans.

"The power of space on this guy is disordered, but it can only be used by five-star fighting immortals. What if I absorb it..." Xiao Yan laughed slowly, and then there was a trace of fiery red on his finger. The flame slowly came out, and the next moment, it shot directly at the silver dragon.

"Weng Om!" The fiery red flame easily penetrated the power of imprisonment of the thunder net, and then came to the skin of the silver dragon. Leaving the shackles of the lightning net.

"I hope it's all right." The flame returned to Xiao Yan's hands with the chaotic power of space. From such a close distance, Xiao Yan could clearly feel the enormous power contained in the power of space. Two Douhe, Fen Jue and Sheng Yan, if this method is feasible...

"Humph."

"If you want to die, just swallow it And just when Xiao Yan's heart was moving, a basin of cold water from the Master of Soul Eater directly drowned out the fiery thoughts in Xiao Yan's heart.

"Master?" Xiao Yan finally calmed down, and then spoke slightly.

"The power of space is an extremely rare thing. Only after the strength reaches the five-star Dou Xian, can a little bit be born, and then the Dou Formation Master can be greatly mobilized."

"And the particularity of this power proves that it cannot be swallowed."

"Even if you have several kinds of treasures in your body, if you swallow it directly, you will probably end up in one explosion and die," said Soul Eater.

"Bang bang bang!" When the Master Soul Eater's voice just fell, the silver space power in Xiao Yan's hand burst out with a violent aura, and then suddenly exploded in front of Xiao Yan.

"I... I rely on it!" Thanks to Xiao Yan's quick eyes and quick hands, he directly threw the power of space out.

"Do you know now?"

"The power of space is not in a hurry. When your strength reaches a four-star Dou Emperor, you may be able to try it. With your status as a Dou Formation Master, your combat power will probably increase dramatically." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Well, then let's wait." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and had no other thoughts.

"Be careful, there seems to be some other aura in this formation space, that aura is a bit like a person from the ghost kingdom, or even a person from the soul clan in your words..." The voice of the Lord of Soul Eater He opened his mouth slowly.