Chapter 80: Emperor 1 drop of blood!

Xiao Yan looked at the skeleton that was frozen inside and outside, and the drop of blood on his chest was slowly beating, which seemed to have life. The power of the source is still beating vividly under the ice. Although the power of the holy flame has been suppressed a lot, it is also the real power of the holy flame, but this really shows the power of the blood of the emperor.

Xiao Yan was also shocked and said, this drop of blood essence was condensed by the life-long essence of a seven-star Dou Emperor peak powerhouse, and the terrifying power emanating from this blood essence alone is enough to show that the powerhouse of this powerhouse is sky-high. !

But it's strange. When I saw this skeleton for the first time, it seemed that there were several drops of blood essence. Why is there only one drop now?

Xiao Yan looked at the skeleton with his eyes, and just about to reach out to take the blood essence from his chest, he felt a trace of extremely hot temperature from the ice cube!

Seeing this appearance, Xiao Yan's fingers that had stretched out his hand were also instantly withdrawn, and then the milky white flames covered his hands, and he roared away at Du's chest with lightning speed!

"Bang bang bang!"

When Xiao Yan just touched the blood fog ice cubes on the outermost layer of the frozen skeleton, he felt a death-like smell from the blood fog through the power of ice sealing. The strength, I felt the extremely hot temperature from the blood fog ice cubes, and the milky white flame in my hand seemed to be a little afraid, and then I increased the strength of the flame and continued to move forward.

Xiao Yan also didn't care about the terrifying temperature, he forcibly broke through the outermost layer of blood fog ice cubes, and then went straight towards the drop of blood on his chest.

"Bang bang bang!"

When Xiao Yan's milky white hands touched the layer of frozen power inside, a chill came from his heart, and then Xiao Yan's fingers suddenly turned into ice cubes!

"Damn it! You actually ignored my strange fire?" Xiao Yan was also greatly surprised. Although Su Xueying's holy flame was ranked twenty-third, the power of flame in her body was also a fusion of two The new flames of the thirteen kinds of different fires are not as powerful as the former, and it is impossible for them to be so different...

Xiao Yan's palm wrapped by the milky-white flame also slowly turned into a block of ice at this moment. The strange thing was that the milky-white flame was not extinguished, it was still beating...

"go!"

Su Xueying also looked at Xiao Yan with her beautiful eyes, and then she drank lightly, and immediately the green lotus that her jade feet stepped on turned into a ball of light that hit Xiao Yan directly.

"Sorry, I forgot to tell you that my holy flame's frozen power will be attacked by everyone except me."

Su Xueying also said gently with a hint of apology.

When the light group on Su Xueying's body slowly appeared on Xiao Yan's palm, which was frozen into ice cubes, Xiao Yan also felt that the icy cold on his palm disappeared instantly, and he couldn't help frowning, and then he couldn't care about the power of holy flame. , go straight to grab the blood essence at the skeleton's chest!

"Boom!"

Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, then looked at Su Xueying in surprise.

"How is that possible!" The purpose of Xiao Yan's just wrapped the milky white flame on his palm was to isolate the power of the holy flame, and then grabbed the blood essence from the skeleton's chest, but the strange thing was...

Xiao Yan's palm actually pierced through his blood essence!

Su Xueying's eyes moved slightly, apparently thinking about something.

"Master, this?" Xiao Yan was also full of disbelief, but he didn't panic, and hurriedly asked his master Jinlong King for help.

"You kid, you can't eat hot tofu in a hurry. If the blood of the emperor is so easy to get, what is the blood of the emperor? This is the blood of the seven-star fighting emperor peak." The Golden Dragon King also looked at the one. Xiao Yan with a dazed face couldn't help laughing.

"The blood essence condensed by the peak powerhouses of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor already has the same high level of intelligence as the medicine pill. Did you see a few drops of blood essence when it was just fused with a part of it and then on top of the skeleton?"

"Yes..." Hearing his master say this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but recall that he seemed to have seen several drops of blood essence on the skeleton's chest just now, why is there only one drop now?

"That's the trick it set up to protect itself."

"Don't worry, I see that there seems to be something on this little girl who really needs this drop of blood." The Golden Dragon King also took a careful look at Su Xueying and said.

Hearing what his master said, Xiao Yan couldn't help but stare at the drop of blood essence on the skeleton's chest.

The blood-red blood was slowly swimming in the empty chest of the skeleton.

Xiao Yan also did not believe in evil and grabbed the essence and blood, but his palm went straight through the essence and blood!

"I'll try."

Su Xueying stepped forward slowly with her jade feet on Qinglian, and then raised her slender jade hand to grab the blood essence at the skeleton's chest.

"Boom boom boom!"

What Xiao Yan imagined to penetrate the past was not discovered, but a strange scene appeared.

When the blood-red blood essence hit Su Xueying's jade hand, it jumped violently, and then calmed down and slowly lay flat on her hand.

"It seems that we are really destined." Su Xueying looked at a drop of blood-red blood essence on her palm and couldn't help smiling, showing a smile that was enough to charm all beings. the same resonance.

"Master, this?" Xiao Yan also frowned, looking at Su Xueying's attitude, this drop of blood is definitely going to cause a conflict, is it still going to be a fight in the end?

"Little Yanzi I will give this drop of blood to this little girl. In my opinion, I have a good relationship with this little girl now, and you can go back and get some of the original after you are strong enough. The things that belong to you will be much easier for you with her help." After speaking, the Golden Dragon King kept silent, as if he was afraid of leaking.

Xiao Yan also understands that his master, the Golden Dragon King, is for his own good. If there are some mysteries, it is better not to know if he does not have enough strength, otherwise it will lead to the disaster of killing...

"It doesn't matter..." Xiao Yan also struggled violently, and now he and Su Xueying are indifferent, because if they fight now, he may not necessarily be Su Xueying's opponent, not to mention Xiao Yan has also seen the power of Sheng Yan's source... …

"The emperor's blood essence contains the strength of this senior's life. If he can absorb it this time, his strength will surely increase a lot..." Xiao Yan still thought to himself.

Xiao Yan's heart moved, and he looked at the drop of blood red blood that appeared in Su Xueying's palm. As soon as this drop of blood appeared, the energy of the surrounding heaven and earth violently rioted. Xiao Yan could clearly feel that Su Xueying was the leader. In the center, the space in this stone room is a hundred feet in radius, and it seems that all the energy has escaped far away.

"As expected of the blood of the emperor, he is actually domineering to such a degree..."

Feeling this scene, Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile. This was the first time he had seen such domineering energy, even the energy of heaven and earth was driven away.

"Although it's a bit presumptuous, I must get the blood of the emperor." Su Xueying was also trying to regain a tough attitude, and then looked at Xiao Yan's aching face and said.

"But as a price, I can make a promise with you."

"About the Xiao Clan's covenant you want to know."

​​