Chapter Vol 4 1643: Xuanshi Hall, Shi Chen!

"Lord Xiao Yan, this meeting will be in front of you." Looking at the magnificent building on the top of the mountain, Huo Yi said behind him. After speaking, his heart became hot.

This mountain top is the core of the Central Territory, occupying countless heaven and earth energies, and it is a holy place for cultivation, and only the six super sects that make up the Central Territory Alliance can enter here.

Entering here is not only a manifestation of strength, but also a proof of identity.

"Is this the destination..." Xiao Yan raised his head slightly when he heard the words, and also smiled, but now this level of cultivation blessing land is obviously not very useful to himself.

"Shabu!" But at this time, Xiao Yan was obviously already on the mountain road. There were some flowers and trees around the mountain road. At this time, some strange voices came out from the grass, which attracted Xiao Yan's attention.

The magnificent building was in front of him, but Xiao stood slightly on the mountainside, looking at the back, standing still.

"Sir..." Huo Yi just wanted to open his mouth to ask when he saw this, but he saw that not far behind, the leaves behind a pile of bushes trembled, as if there was something. After a good rest, a man slowly appeared. .

The man was dressed in plain clothes, but his whole body revealed a rather sharp aura. He had an eagle face and a small stature. It was rather strange, but that kind of aura made Huo Yi unable to help it.

The four-star fighting immortal is complete!

This seemingly strange man is actually a real four-star Douxian Perfectionist!

"Is this the famous Xiao Yan from the Myriad Fire Sect?"

"It is said to have defeated the three geniuses of Irene, Ling Yu and Wen Yi in the courtyard. When I saw you today, it really is..." The eagle-faced man just appeared, and suddenly he seemed to be familiar, and walked out of the grass gently, right Xiao Yan came, but the footsteps did not bring any dust, it was quite strange, there was a strange smile on the corner of his mouth, and there was a hint of irony in this smile.

"This guy's earth-attribute power and aura seem a little familiar." Seeing this, Xiao Yan scrutinized slightly in his heart.

As early as when he took the space tunnel to get here, Huo Yi secretly told himself that there are six superpowers in the Central Territory Alliance and their characteristics, so although he has never fought against these guys, Xiao Yan already knows a lot. information.

The hawk-faced guy in front of him seems to be a disciple of one of the forces.

"Shi Chen, the eldest disciple of His Highness Xuanshi, it is said that he has practiced the art of controlling soil with one hand, and his strength has already reached the perfection of the four-star fighting immortals. Seeing the man in front of him with such a tense attitude, Xiao Yan did not pay much attention to him, but turned his eyes lightly and said softly.

The Xuanshi Hall belongs to the top forces in the Central Territory, and it can be called the top forces because there are five-star fighting immortals in the sect, so it can step into the top ranks. The Myriad Fire Sect is obviously far from this level. A little bit.

"Brother Xiao Yan has good eyesight..."

"However, there are still some doubts... so."

"Wan Shi Skull!" After Shunxi, the corners of Shi Chen's mouth became strange. Obviously, because they are superpowers, they can't interfere too much in the competition of the Earth Spirit Academy, so they have been practicing with peace of mind, and now they are praised by the outside world as Xiao Yan, the first person in the Earth Spirit Academy, was naturally unavoidable.

"Sir!" Looking at the surrounding soil and rocks, they seemed to have life in an instant, wrapping the two of them together, a strong breath permeated, and Huo Yi said with a solemn expression.

Today was originally a meeting of the superpowers to discuss the matter of Shengyan, but this Shi Chen actually came out like this, which Huo Yi never expected.

"It's okay." Xiao Yan stretched out his hand, and said with a frenzied smile on the corner of his mouth.

It happened that his strength had increased significantly during this period of time, Xiao Yan had not had time to find an opponent to test his combat power, but Shi Chen took the initiative to send it to the door, which surprised Xiao Yan.

"I have no intention of doing anything to you, but you must know that the top forces in our Central Territory don't even interfere with the Earth Spirit Academy, because our every move is their acquiescence."

"So you, the so-called first person in the Earth Spirit Academy, it's better to restrain yourself. After all, this is the core of the Central Territory."

"It's a dragon, you have to coil..." Shi Chen was covered in khaki-colored rock armor, and said condescendingly to Xiao Yan, his warning was obvious.

With his pride, he naturally wanted Xiao Yan to step on it completely, so that this guy could know that there are people outside of people, and there are heavens outside of heaven.

"If you want to say this, you're still... not qualified." Xiao Yan stretched out his hand slowly, as if stretching his waist. After a while, a trace of extremely terrifying flames filled his pupils. The technique was cast, and the figure moved quickly like a ghost.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"You!" When Shi Chen heard the words, his face became extremely ugly. No one had ever dared to speak to him like this. Originally, he just wanted to warn Xiao Yan, but now it seems that he wants to teach him a lesson.

"It's so fast!" Seeing Xiao Yan so calm, Shi Chen's expression suddenly became vigilant, because Xiao Yan's current speed, even his four-star Dou Xian perfection powerhouse can't see through, you must know that Xiao Yan can It's just the mid-term strength of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal. The huge contrast in it suddenly made Shi Chen's pressure greatly increase.

"Gabion... Imprisonment!" The next moment, the strange earth-attribute Dou Qi around Shi Chen was injected into the soil and rocks, and countless forces rushed away against Xiao Yan's overwhelming attack.

"Squeak." With a sound, Xiao Yan's figure appeared in this void, but those clay rocks containing vitality lost their vitality in an instant, and the smell of burning on them was quite pungent. , and even what happened at that moment, even Shi Chen himself didn't know Kacha! "At this time, Shi Chen, who was standing on the branch in the distance, his face became dignified, and the branch under his feet was instantly broken.

"Hehe, Brother Xiao Yan."

"There were so many offenses just now, please bear with me."

"Let's get into the seats as soon as possible, so as not to make others wait in a hurry, let's take a step first." After speaking, Shi Chen waved his sleeves, the speed skyrocketed, and he fled towards the top of the mountain.

"My lord... there are old guys from their superpowers here." Seeing Xiao Yan so calm, Huo Yi hurriedly said, because behind Xiao Yan's seemingly calm appearance, there was a monstrous killing intent.

"Forget it, let him go." Xiao Yan heard the words, the core of his body and the shadow behind him slowly calmed down, otherwise, if this move was used, I am afraid that Shi Chen would not be far away today.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the void in front of this guy suddenly burned violently. The tyrannical flame power wrapped a trace of soul power, which actually made Shi Chen quite embarrassed. He came down and fell into the dust, his face was ashen, and he was quite embarrassed. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Xiao Yan!"

Realizing that he was so ugly, Shi Chen's eyes became gloomy, and the four-star Dou Xian aura of perfection emerged, roaring at Xiao Yan.

"If a dog bites someone, I won't bite back."

"Because you want to treat others in the same way as others." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he didn't pay any attention to this guy, and walked straight into the mansion.

"Damn, I hope you can be so calm at the meeting, and you will look good in a while." After finishing speaking, Shi Chen slightly tidied up his face and entered the aura together.

For a time, several tyrannical breaths burst out from the top of the mountain.