Chapter 606: The 6-star Dou Emperor Tribulation that disappeared inexplicably!

"Big Brother, I knew you were fine!" Xiao Yi was the first to feel Xiao Yan's breath, and then walked away with a single stride.

Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi instantly hugged each other, and their deep affection was undoubtedly revealed!

"How is it?" Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan separated and asked a little fiery.

"Well, it succeeded." Xiao Yan said calmly, and then on the palm of his hand, an extremely bright khaki-yellow holy flame quietly emerged!

With the appearance of this khaki flame, the terrifying temperature around it rose sharply, and even the spatial dimension sent out a slight tremor fluctuation!

"This is……"

"The power of holy flames?" Seeing this, Xiao Yi's pupils immediately emitted a terrifying wave, as if she was extremely curious about the holy flames on Xiao Yan's palm!

"Holy Yan ranked thirty-fifth, Huoxin Tianyan." Xiao Yan said lightly.

"But what's the matter with the power of holy flame and the power of different fire?" Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan had some secret connection, and immediately discovered the abnormality in Xiao Yan's body.

"This thing, I'm afraid I have to take it slow." Xiao Yan said helplessly, obviously swallowing the holy flame, but the holy flame and the strange flame in the body have always been in a hostile attitude, if it is not Xiao Yan to separate the two forces, The terror will explode in the body in an instant!

"what……"

"Your aura seems to be..." Just when Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi were chatting jokingly, that Mu Feng suddenly appeared on the right side of Xiao Yan, and then his eyes were fixed on Xiao Yan.

There seemed to be an extremely terrifying aura on Xiao Yan's body, which made Mu Feng slightly surprised. Mu Feng is now the strength of the late Five-Star Dou Emperor, and Xiao Yan's such aura was not there when they left the desert mountain range.

"Hehe, I was lucky to break through." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, but did not hide it, after all, these people are all people who can meet and make friends.

"Six Star Dou Di?" The green flute, who had always been taciturn, suddenly spoke up, now looking at Xiao Yan.

"Almost." Xiao Yan explained a little.

"Then what is the level of your Dou Di Tribulation?" The next moment, after a brief hesitation, Mu Feng immediately asked Xiao Yan.

"Dou Emperor Tribulation?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and his heart sank immediately, his own strength in the late stage of the Six Star Dou Emperor has never broken through any Dou Emperor Tribulation!

At most, after swallowing Sheng Yan, Fen Jue evolved, causing Xiao Yan's strength to skyrocket, and there was no Emperor Dou Tribulation at all.

"Don't tell me that you broke through to the Six-Star Dou Emperor without going through the Dou Emperor Tribulation?" Mu Feng, the boss with wide-eyed eyes, then looked at Xiao Yan like a monster.

"There has never been a Dou Emperor Tribulation. When I devoured the Holy Flame in the desert mountain range, the Dou Emperor Tribulation may have been covered up by the mystery of the desert mountain range or the power of the Holy Flame." Xiao Yan thought about it for a long time, and that was all he could do. A reasonable approach.

"Nonsense, you have some mysterious powers in your body. If you survive the Dou Emperor Tribulation, you will be very successful, but why haven't you survived the Dou Emperor Tribulation?"

"Strange thing." Xinyan in Xiao Yan's body let out a doubt, obviously suspicious of what Mu Feng and the others said.

"Impossible. We were soaked in the Xuanling Emperor Pond. We have a high chance of success in breaking through the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and even if it is to cross the Dou Emperor Tribulation, it will be even more terrifying."

"And I heard that only after stepping through the Dou Di tribulation and stepping into the six-star Dou Di will the power of life and death in the body." Mu Yingying stared at Xiao Yan for a while, but she could only feel the power of a very terrifying flame. Thinking about it, it was the power of holy flame, but he didn't have the slightest sense of the power of life and death.

"But you don't have any power of life and death in your body... It's really strange." Mu Yingying said slowly towards Xiao Yan with her beautiful eyes.

"what?"

"The power of life and death will be born only after passing through the Emperor's Tribulation?" Xiao Yan's expression was rather embarrassing at the next moment.

Because as Mu Yingying said, although Xiao Yan's current strength has reached the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, he does not have any power of life and death in his body!

The reason why the Six-Star Dou Emperor can be said to be a watershed of the Dou Emperor is because if you want to set foot in the Six-Star Dou Emperor, you must go through the Six-Star Dou Emperor Tribulation!

The Six-Star Dou Di Tribulation is divided into one to nine levels, with the first level being the lowest and the ninth level being the highest.

Having experienced the baptism of Dou Di Tribulation, the power of life and death will be continuously born in the body!

The power of life and death is brighter and more terrifying than the fighting spirit!

This is the trump card of the six-star Dou Di powerhouse!

"You, the Dou Di Jie that disappeared inexplicably, is a bit mysterious." Xiao Yi said earnestly, Xiao Yi knew little about these things of human beings, after all, Xiao Yi was just a fire elf.

"Forget it, wait until I go back and ask Elder Zhu." Xiao Yan was extremely surprised when he saw this, but he also knew that the few people here probably didn't know much, so he exited.

"Forget it, just come back." Seeing this, the four of them spoke.

"What, is there something good?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

Since swallowing the holy flame, not only has the strength skyrocketed, but even the power to control the fire has become even more powerful. On top of that, due to the skyrocketing soul power of the soul liquid, I am afraid that the refining technology has skyrocketed by a lot.

"Hehe, your retreat is for five years. During these five years, the layout of Xuan Santian has changed a bit." Mu Feng smiled, obviously he knew quite a lot about these gossips.

"Don't give a shit, hurry up and say it." The green flute on the side rolled her eyes at Mu Feng, and then said.

"Let's talk about the Xuanling royal family first."

"The most powerful force of the Xuanling Royal Family, the Dragon Addiction Legion, the deputy head and several powerful people, together with the Xuanling King, have disappeared, although the Xuanling Royal Family has tried their best to suppress it and seems to have gone somewhere. I haven't come back but this matter has been noticed by many people."

"Many people have predicted that the Xuanling royal family will change."

"Furthermore, the Purgatory Hall has killed a lot of people from the ghost world, but they found a huge gap. They suspect that people from the ghost world have entered our Xuantian Santian, but the truth of this matter is not allowed. And know."

"In the end, among the other major super sects, competitions were held one after another, trying to select the best seedlings, so as to participate in the super sect competition two years later." Mu Feng smiled slowly.

"In five years, a lot of things have really happened." Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately had some plans in mind.

The grievances between the Xuanling Royal Family and the Fenxiang Pavilion are already deep, and the Xuanling Imperial Family is sad. This is what the people in the Fenxiang Pavilion want to see, but Xiao Yan has always wondered where the people of the Xuanling Imperial Family have gone?

It seems that the members of the Xuanling Royal Family, the entire Dragon-loving Legion and the Xuanling King have all gone to the Desert of Death. It is unknown why.

In addition to the discovery of the gap in the ghost world eroding Xuan Santian, Xiao Yan was also not afraid of whether there were ghosts entering Xuantian Santian to plot mischief. After all, there was such a thing as a soul-devouring talisman.

"You said that all the major sects are conducting competitions, do you know how our Fenxiang Pavilion competition is going?" Xiao Yan hesitated for a while before asking suddenly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Because just below the Burning Heaven Territory, it seemed that I heard someone in the Hall of Earth say that the individual competition seemed to be over.

Ask for tickets!