Chapter Vol 4 2162: Space channel, encounter evil!

In the endless dark space channel, the sound of tearing is incessant, there is no life here, some are just an endless breath of darkness swallowing, and when you carefully sense it, a rare cold spreads out.

"Domain Lord, according to our current journey and the information of our soul clan, we will arrive at the crack in the plane of Dou Qi Continent in at least three days."

"Where is the only way to enter the Dou Qi Continent."

Hun Tianhao and several eight-star perfection powerhouses stood on the deck, looking at the endless end of this space passage and said.

Although things like space ships are precious, in today's endless fire domain, they have become drizzle and are generally not worth mentioning. Furthermore, because of the fear that the cracks in the void will be corroded by evil forces, taking a space ship is the best way.

However, with such a vast lineup, unless the reincarnation powerhouse can sense it, the ordinary eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse will not be able to sense it, because the outer space where Xiao Yan and the others are riding is surrounded by a thin layer of black mist, as if fused in this passage.

"Yep."

"Is there any news?"

Xiao Yan's eyes became deep, and a faint demonic breath permeated it. It seemed that in this dark space passage, there was a black glow that was hard to detect.

In the black light, there was an extremely weak **** aura, which made Xiao Yan feel uncomfortable.

"Although there is no definite information, according to my guess, I am afraid that this matter has nothing to do with the evil race outside the territory."

"My subordinates boldly guess that there may be a strong man from a foreign evil clan guarding the end of the space passage..."

Hun Tianhao shook his head with a complicated expression, and when he mentioned the word "extraterritorial evil race", a violent aura emerged.

Of the seven ancient clans, only the patriarch of the soul clan came with him. After all, he was the leader of the intelligence network, so Xiao did not say much.

As for Mu Yingying, she originally wanted to stay in the Endless Fire Territory, but Xun'er and Cailin's second daughter naturally knew that she was afraid and worried and took her away in one fell swoop.

"Are they all set up?"

Xiao Yan asked back.

"They have all concealed their strengths perfectly, and now there are only the six of us emitting aura from the space ship."

"With such a huge energy mist, no one can detect our traces except for the reincarnation powerhouse."

The other two Eight-Star Douxian Chengxian, who were standing on the deck together, knew that the situation was serious and whispered.

"Wait, there's something wrong here."

"You guys stay here, I'll go out and have a look, so as not to startle snakes!"

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his whole body turned into a black light. The Fire Guard Master Shi spread out and hid in the space passage. As for Mu Yingying's three daughters and the others, they stayed on the space ship quietly.

"Sisi."

"The evil fluctuations of the alien race?"

Xiao Yan had just left the space ship and appeared in the space passage. A trace of icy and **** smell lingered in the void, making the holy flame fire in Xiao Yan's body extremely restless. Already haunted.

"It seems that it has something to do with the alien race!"

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the void around his body surged slightly, stepping into it in one fell swoop and hiding his figure.

"someone is coming?"

"The passage between Dou Di Continent and Dou Qi Continent has been destroyed for decades, and now a new space passage has appeared in Dou. Who is it?"

Just as Xiao Yan's forefoot disappeared, the void where he was staying suddenly trembled, and an evil air mass shook uncontrollably.

"The aura of the evil race outside the territory fluctuates?"

"Eight-star fighting immortal level?"

Xiao Yan quietly hid in the void, and he could clearly feel that closer to the entrance to the Dou Qi Continent, there were more powerful aura fluctuations.

That kind of power fluctuation, even the current Xiao Yi may not be able to deal with it easily and calmly.

"Forget it, let's report this matter as soon as possible, otherwise the big people in the world will notice my king's intentions, I'm afraid..."

The black qi evil group was patrolling around the city, and there was no suspicious aura, and immediately squirmed lightly, the speed skyrocketed, and went towards the end.

"Pfft!"

Just as the evil air mass was about to leave, a cold hum appeared, and several incomparably fierce flames suddenly emerged from the void of the space passage. The flames actually carried extremely ancient hot fluctuations.

As soon as the flames came out, the entire dark space channel became brighter, but the terrifying momentum contained in the flames was suffocating!

"Your Excellency, please stay."

Xiao Yan's voice surrounded the quiet void, and suddenly several flames of energy were trained to form a flame cage, which completely imprisoned the evil group.

"who is it?"

Feeling the ancient fluctuations in the flames, the uncontrollable shaking of the evil air mass began, and a wave of fear emerged!

"Speak your purpose, I can consider leaving you a whole corpse."

Xiao Yan's eyes were filled with icy killing intent as he stared at the evil air mass. This kind of cold and suffocating energy alone made the evil air mass feel unprecedented pressure!

"Evil explosion!"

"Boom boom boom!"

The evil air mass squirmed, and the huge demonic energy rose into the sky, with great momentum!

Xiao Yan looked up and saw dozens of afterimages suddenly appeared in the evil air mass. Their bodies were no different from ordinary people, but there were wisps of black liquid visible to the naked eye!

An extremely thick evil energy was condensed in the liquid of the dark night, and the fluctuation of that level was no less than that of the king-level force among the evil tribes outside the territory that Xiao Yan had encountered before.

"waste time!"

Xiao Yan didn't have too many plans. He just lifted it casually, the bright amber flames rolled, and after a while, it turned into a majestic fire rain killing this guy.

"Puff puff!"

The means of the evil air mass and the evil aura are not bad, but under the attack of Xiao Yan's majestic fire and rain, the evil energy spewed out, and in the end, without exception, they were attacked and purified by Xiao Yan's holy flame.

"Holy Flame?"

At this moment, the evil air mass seemed to feel some kind of fear. With a murmur, the overwhelming evil aura burst out, and attacked Xiao Yan viciously. On the other hand, the main body showed signs of escaping.

"Die!"

Xiao Yan's majestic fire and rain attack became more and more fierce, and finally turned into a deadly arrow, piercing the sky abruptly, and piercing it with a chilling place.

"My king, save me!"

Seeing Xiao Yan's fatal blow, the evil air mass suddenly shouted, almost exhausting all the strength of his body, roaring hysterically!

"Grumbling."

When Xiao Yan's attack was about to hit the evil shadow, the void in front of the latter shook, causing Xiao Yan's attack to hit the void in an impartial manner, turning it into powder.

At the same time, this piece of heaven and earth suddenly dimmed, and a monstrous sea of ​​demons with a full hundred zhang came uninvited with the terrifying evil power that corrodes all things.

In the boundless rolling and roaring sea of ​​magic, there seemed to be several ghosts slowly stepping out.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: