Chapter 271: Get 1 minute of your time!

The silver long sword in Mu Feng's hand brought a monstrous light to the sky, and then the speed was also increased to the extreme. It rose from the ground and went towards the blood-colored vortex!

"You must catch up..." Mu Feng murmured, and Mu Feng also found that the blood-colored vortex seemed to be about to become completely dark!

Moreover, the evil spirits in the blood-colored vortex also seemed to have discovered that something was wrong with Xiao Yan!

"This human kid seems to have something in the palm of his hand..."

"There seems to be something familiar to me..." Yin Xie also said coldly, but what Yin Xie couldn't figure out was that Xiao Yan's strength was only in the early stage of the four-star Dou Di. The skyrocketed to the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, but this does not change the fact of failure.

In the final analysis, these humans are too pretentious, thinking that with the strength of these few people, they can suppress themselves again!

I paid a very heavy price for this seal!

"It's time to change. Although it's still a little short of absorbing these powers perfectly, let's deal with this human first."

"Let the last beliefs of these human beings be shattered, showing expressions of despair and horror..." Yin Xie finished speaking without hesitation. In the black and red vortex, an extremely evil ghost was slowly taking shape.

"damn it…"

"Xiaoyi, the recharging time of this ancient sword of purification is too long..." Xiao Yan also pondered. Obviously, the evil spirits at this time also found something wrong and did not intend to delay the time. In this case, if this ancient purification sword If the sword cannot break the edge of the evil blood-colored vortex, then the power of the lotus of annihilation will be greatly reduced!

This is their last chance!

Therefore, Xiao Yan did not dare to be careless!

"Don't worry, leave the rest to me!" Mu Yingyingbei bit her lips and said in a silver bell-like voice.

"Don't fight, I still need a minute." Xiao Yan also knew that this was not the time to be hypocritical, so he also cared.

"Yeah." Mu Yingying also responded softly, and then she didn't stop, her whole body was pushed to the limit, facing the ghost in the blood-colored vortex!

Mu Yingying also knew that Xiao Yan's attack was a little short of time, and he couldn't be affected by this ghost, otherwise their chance for the last blow would also be lost.

Tianhuo Sacred Tiger also knew the seriousness of the matter, and did not start with Mu Yingying, and guarded Xiao Yan. At this time, Xiao Yan was full of strength, and immediately guarded it to prevent any mistakes. .

Mu Yingying turned into an azure flame and headed towards the ghost in the blood-colored vortex!

At the same time, Mu Feng also turned into a mysterious blue light, heading towards the ghost in the blood-colored vortex.

Yin Xie also seemed to have discovered these two breaths, but he didn't take it to heart. After all, a four-star Dou Emperor early stage and a human at the peak of the four-star Dou Emperor were not enough for him to take it seriously.

"But the flame on this woman..."

"It seems to be a bit like a holy flame..." Yin Xie also looked at the blue flames on Mu Yingying's body, causing the countless pitch-black ghosts around her to disperse, and she also had doubts.

"Forget it, let's deal with this human boy first, otherwise the power of purification in his body will restrain me quite a bit..."

"Faithful servant of the ghost world, destroy the enemy in front of me." The deep voice also sounded from the evil mouth, and then a place outside the blood-colored vortex twisted quite strangely, and countless ghost qi also gathered crazily. Go away, as if something terrifying is about to be born.

"It is said that every ghost emperor has a special mount..." The Nine Soul Stele also remembered something.

"Come out..." As the sinister and eerie voice sounded, a certain space in the blood-colored vortex shook violently!

Immediately, countless pitch-black ghosts gathered crazily, and a pitch-black arm with a size of dozens of meters surrounded by ghosts also emerged from the wriggling space!

Just one arm has a length of several tens of meters, and its volume can be imagined!

"Susu!"

The terrifying power caused the entire blood-colored vortex to vibrate slightly.

At the same time, Mu Feng also came to the sky, and then closed his eyes slightly, his face was solemn, and he quickly muttered: "Yin and Yang, Five Elements, Qiankun and Eight Trigrams..."

"Destroy the evil!"

After Mu Feng finished speaking, an extremely terrifying force also appeared on him, but with the appearance of this force, Mu Feng's body also slumped. Obviously, the price of this blow was quite high, and then Mu Feng no longer hesitated. , with a sky-high blue light, facing the huge arm in the blood-colored vortex!

"Boom boom boom!"

Mu Feng's attack came in an instant, and at the same time, the evil spirits in the blood-colored vortex also widened their eyes, and the clothes looked unbelievable.

"How can it be…"

"The teleportation space was actually destroyed..." Yin Xie's pupils shrank tightly, and then he felt that the space within the edge of the blood-colored vortex suddenly lost contact with him.

"Susu, **** human..."

"How can this kid have such terrifying power..." Yin Xie also discovered something was wrong with Mu Feng, a mere four-star Dou Emperor level human could actually interrupt his own teleportation space!

This is unheard of!

"Cough cough..."

"Xiao Yan, I'll leave the rest to you..." Mu Feng tried his best to launch an attack, and then he fell down from the blood-colored vortex in the sky!

As if the blow just now exhausted all his strength.

"This kid actually has the Yin-Yang Bagua Cultivation Technique..." The Nine Soul Stele was also extremely surprised.

"This kid is a bit amazing..." Chang Yu also discovered that since Mu Feng's attack, the strange space in the **** vortex used by Yin Xie to transport his mount seems to have lost contact with Yin Xie, the terrifying mount. It also stopped appearing, and was cut off by Mu Feng!

"This Yin-Yang Bagua Cultivation Technique is the most powerful nemesis to restrain the ghosts in the ghost realm other than the twenty evil soldiers in the ghost realm..."

"I didn't expect this kid to have such an accomplished level of Yin-Yang gossip exercises. UU reading www.uukanshu.com" The Nine Soul Stele also said with admiration.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this time, Mu Feng, who fell from a distance, also used up all his strength, and then fell straight like a meteorite.

"You did a good job, leave the rest to Xiao Yan." Yue Ru also quickly took over Mu Feng, and gave some of the recovery medicinal pills to Mu Feng, and then stared at the sky. fighting.

At this time, the connection between the strange space on the edge of the blood-colored vortex and the evil spirits had already been destroyed by Mu Feng, but the arm that was several tens of meters long appeared in everyone's sight.

A dark arm of several dozen meters slowly fell out of the strange space, and the arm was full of evil aura.

Mu Yingying bit her lips slightly, her beautiful eyes slightly wrinkled, her eyes fixed on the arm, because Mu Yingying felt an evil aura from it!

"Go!" Mu Yingying raised her jade hand slightly, and an azure flame also moved towards the pitch-black arm. The azure-blue flame just touched the pitch-black arm, and immediately gave off a terrifying confrontation!

"it's time."

"Purify the ancient sword."

Elsewhere in the sky, the pupils of a man in fire armor suddenly opened, and the strength of a peak seven-star Dou Emperor mixed with an extremely strong purifying power filled the sky.

Ask for tickets!