Chapter Vol 4 856: Hanhai cover

"This guy is so powerful." In the huge molten space, the Solomon Sect Master continued to emit extremely terrifying attacks, but no matter how the Solomon Sect Master attacked, the undead Ming Sparrow easily resolved the offensive. Regarding the strength of the Solomon Sect Master Banxian, he is still calm.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"My soul has said that if you tame me with your mere half-immortal strength, it will be like a fool's dream."

"And if I hadn't promised Fairy Jiaoyue some things, I'm afraid that at my peak, with your half-immortal strength, I could instantly kill you." On the wings behind the undead Mingque, there was a slight burst of red flames, and then the mouth of the bird Said at the outset.

"Sure enough, that's the only way to do it." Sect Master Solomon heard the words and smiled bitterly.

He naturally knew the authenticity of what the immortal Mingque said, but at this time the strength of the immortal Mingque was suppressed to the peak of Dou Di, and he had a great chance!

And I don't know why, the Solomon Sect Master seems to be quite strange to the people of the Xuanling Royal Family and the Soul Clan. Obviously, the people of these two forces should not sit idly by and ignore such things as fighting souls, but the powerhouses of these forces have been delayed. Appeared, so the Solomon Sect Master wanted to solve the fighting spirit quickly, otherwise it would change later.

"This guy is actually so strong." Seeing this, the other strong men couldn't help but have the intention of retreating.

Among them, Hua Lexin is the most obvious.

Hua Lexin was actually well prepared this time. He brought the treasure of the puppet mansion, the puppet talisman!

The puppet talisman is a special kind of existence. It is specially aimed at puppets. After using it, it can greatly improve the strength of the puppets.

With the existence of the puppet talisman, Hua Lexin has the confidence to make his puppet greatly improve his strength. I am afraid that with the help of the puppet talisman, he will not be afraid to deal with the eight-star Dou Di strong.

But seeing that Gu Ni directly summoned Lord Solomon in some way, and his strength was unmoved at all, with a half-immortal strength, he knew that he had no chance.

"Unlucky!" He cursed viciously, and immediately retreated to the very edge.

And the undead ghost bird above the sky didn't seem to want to kill these people, so he showed the entrance directly and let Hua Lexin run away.

Following the arrival, Feng Hong also plundered directly. A semi-immortal powerhouse can already prove too much, and there is no need to stay here immediately.

In the next moment, a trace of reluctance appeared in the hearts of the other powerhouses, but under the balance, their lives were still the most important, so they swept them out.

And Solomon's sect master didn't mean to kill them all. After all, these disciples, as the best seedlings in the sect, must have something to save their lives, so there is no need to offend so many sects.

Until now, there are only three guys left in this molten world, Guni, Wang Xie, and Qi Haoqing. .

"These two guys, aren't they running yet?" Gunny looked at the other two with a stunned expression, a little incredible.

I am afraid that these people do this, it is no different from seeking death. Now that they are the Solomon Sect Master, and the strength of the dignified half-immortal, the two of them will not have the slightest chance.

And the two of them didn't seem to be in a hurry. They found a place to hide from the battle between Lord Solomon and the Undead Nether Sparrow, and waited quietly for the opportunity.

Sect Master Solomon glanced at the remaining few people at random, but didn't make any move. Anyway, they were not afraid of their dignified and half-immortal strength.

"Undead Mingque, it seems that if you don't show some real skills, I'm afraid you won't surrender to me today." Sect Master Solomon said with a slight smile, and then put away the strange black qi, he knew that this ghost qi was very harmful to me. An undead ghost with a fiery flame doesn't have much effect.

"Since you are courting death, then I will fulfill you!" Undead Mingque, regardless of what Sect Master Solomon wanted to do, opened his mouth, and an extremely bright flame roared away at him!

Don't underestimate this flame!

It is said that the undead ghost is a fighting spirit who knows the undead fire. If it is lucky enough to refine and devour the undead, according to the memory of the undead, it is very likely to obtain the legendary holy flame, the undead fire!

Although the flame of the immortal ghost at this time is not comparable to the holy flame, its power is far more powerful than ordinary flames or even different flames. In addition, at this time, the two of them are the molten world under their feet, so the power of the flame is in the range rise.

"What a terrifying flame."

"Such fighting spirits are qualified to be my fighting spirits!" Facing the flames of the undead Mingque that were enough to kill the powerhouses at the peak of the Dou Emperor, Sect Master Solomon was not only not afraid, but even showed a slight smile.

"Death!" The immortal ghost bird swallowed it in one mouthful, and the overwhelming terrifying energy flew away in an instant, and it hit Lord Solomon in a blink of an eye.

"It's good to come!"

"Look at me!" In the next moment, Sect Master Solomon took something out of his arms, and immediately confronted the blazing flame!

"That is……"

"Good guy, you are so willing!" Wang Xie's pupils stared at the thing in Solomon's hands!

The thing that appeared in the hands of Sect Master Solomon was neither big nor small, slightly the size of a fist, with enchanting green light flashing all over his body, and a mysterious power emanated from it, as unfathomable as the sea.

"Vast Sea Cover?" At this moment, the Undead Might Sparrow suddenly spoke, and the voice was full of incredible voices.

"Destroy!" Sect Master Solomon didn't hesitate, just opened his mouth, and with Solomon Sect Master's opening, that dazzling flame that was extremely life-threatening was directly swallowed by the Vast Sea Cover in his hand!

"It's actually the Vast Sea Cover, it's a rare thing in fairy artifact."

"It is said that it can absorb all power, and because its formation is quite special, it has a strong restraint on fire."

"It seems that the Solomon Sect Master really came prepared." Seeing this, Wang Xie couldn't help but say.

In fact, the Hanhai Cover has always been only one of the top ten immortal artifacts that have been circulated in Xuantian three days I can't imagine that it really exists.

In the Xuantian three days, there were ten known immortal artifacts, many of which were collected by super sects, and this Vast Sea Cover was one of them.

Everyone knows the power of the Hanhai Cover. This is a well-known immortal artifact among the immortal artifact. Countless Xuantian powerhouses have been searching for it for a lifetime and have not found it. Unexpectedly, it is in the hands of the Solomon Sect Master!

"Suppress me!" After a while, Solomon wiped out the flame attack emitted by the undead ghost, and threw the Vast Sea Cover in his hand at the undead bird!

As soon as the hood of the sea left his hand, it suddenly turned into a huge green cauldron with a size of 100 zhang, and suppressed it towards the undead finches. This group was shrouded, and I was afraid that the power of the undead finches could be suppressed in an instant. According to Solomonmon The strength of the Lord can also leave the ruins directly. At that time, the fighting spirit will fall into the hands of Lord Solomon in the true sense.

"Can't wait, let this guy succeed together, I'm afraid things will be very troublesome later!" Wang Xie glanced at Guni and Qi Haoqing next to him, and then the figure left them instantly, obviously what he was going for.

"This guy, can't you bear it any longer..."

"Alright, I'll let you know what it means to compete with snipe and clam for the fisherman's profit."

"However, this immortal sparrow is also interesting. Do you want to make a move?"

"Although the power of the Hanhai Hood is tyrannical, it is still far from being able to suppress the undead ghost. This Solomon Sect Master is too stupid!" Qi Haoqing said quite viciously. The immortal ghost bird suppressed it and went away!