Chapter Vol 4 1795: Bottom of the lair, purgatory on earth!

"Dong dong dong!" At the bottom of the devil's lair, the bustling voices of walking emerged from the two sides of the dark passage, and this dark passage was connected to the bottom of the lair, and a dark and damp breath filled the air, which seemed to be indescribable. Corpse gas is generally suffocating.

"There is no way to turn in front, but according to my soul perception, there are two strong guys at the door of the bottom lair, they should be gatekeepers."

"It doesn't matter, look at it in the past, the feeling is getting stronger and stronger." Xiao Yan hid the Fire Guard Master around himself to prevent emergencies from happening, and immediately hid his breath, relying on the identity of Qiao Zhuang Cheng Fengyou, directly and leisurely. of turning over.

Just after turning the corner, a giant bronze gate filled with dark green aura was immediately attracted. Its giant gates stood at the bottom of the passage, and an incomparably evil aura permeated above the bronze giant gate, and even there seemed to be a more terrifying existence behind the giant gate. , that kind of breath is despairing, and there are endless screams, extremely miserable.

"Stop, who are you?" On the two sides of the bronze giant gate, there are two men with four eyes and no vision. The two men are dressed in human attire, blue robes, and full of empty pupils. At a glance, they know that they are not ordinary human beings.

"Two six-star fighters who are full of immortality... It seems that this place cannot be underestimated, and what Feng You said before his death may have concealed a lot from me." Xiao Yan walked over to face him, but his heart kept on think.

"Fengyou, the sinner, come to protect a few adults." Xiao Yan walked over gently, his body was filled with black energy, and the power of Ghost Face and Soul Flame could naturally forge ghost energy, so he could easily deceive them.

"En... Let's go in." The two demon guards looked at each other, nodded, and a dark green energy fell from the two of them, and then injected directly into the bronze giant gate.

"Clang!" With a sound, the bronze giant door slowly opened, and a stench of **** aura spread out from the gap in the bronze giant door.

"Hush!" Xiao Yan turned into a stream of light and poured directly into it, and the place suddenly returned to silence.

"here……"

"here?"

"Here!!!" Xiao Yan stepped behind the giant bronze gate. After his sight was restored, countless human and sea beast bodies were stacked to form a mountain of people dozens of meters high, thus obscuring the whole view of this space. There is only a narrow passage of several meters in the mountain, connecting the ground of the space.

The humans and sea beasts on the mountain are all gods without masters, like walking dead and motionless, but there are very distinct human anger, blood, etc. on them.

"What the **** is going on here!" Xiao Yan forcibly suppressed the shock in his body, and carefully prepared to cross the mountain and head towards the center of the area. So far, every time he walked on the path of the mountain, he would ask someone to find someone. The beating of the heart in the body became more intense, and the fluctuation of threats and death suppressed Xiao Yan.

"Clang!"

"Purgatory... A furnace." With a sound, Xiao Yan walked around for a while. He directly crossed the mountain of people and came to the ground level. Through the huge mountain of people, he saw the most mysterious scene at the bottom of the devil's lair. , the pupils shrank tightly, the brain briefly turned white, and the heart seemed to be fatally probing.

The space at the bottom of this devil's lair, looking around, the dark green evil atmosphere completely paved the way, and in the space, there was actually an ancient tree like a giant!

The leaves on the ancient trees are lush and lush, but they are still dark green full of evil. The branches extend in all directions, and on each branch, the figures of humans and sea beasts hang upside down. Slowly flowing towards the canopy, after all the power dissipated, these humans and sea beasts were completely swallowed by the big guy in the center of the canopy!

In the center of its canopy, there are several shadowy human beings of powerhouses standing slowly. They are filled with an indescribable evil aura. The flame cauldron of power!

And above this huge evil tree, countless humans and sea beasts, at this time, are continuously projecting towards the flame cauldron on the canopy!

"These beasts are not as good as these guys!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's chest heaved violently. Obviously, a feast of this level is extremely rare even for Xiao Yan.

These guys are obviously using the lives of these humans and sea beasts to satisfy their laboratories. This tragic practice is outrageous!

"Lord Mar, it seems that some annoying flies have gotten in." At this moment, on the canopy of the evil tree, several figures were looking at Xiao Yan's position. One of them was a man full of evil intent, facing the flames with a smile The crazy man in front of Ding said.

"Hee hee... The research has succeeded immediately. Apart from this annoying fly, there are many strong people who covet it already lurking around."

"Soul Palace... The Holy See."

"Leggie, go ahead, remember to bring me this kid's soul, to be able to escape Fengyou's attack, it should be of some use."

"Gamma, increase your strength, you are about to succeed!"

"This glory, this feast, is about to be born in our hands!" At this time, the corner of the fifth sin Sima's mouth became crazy, the dark green lines spread out on his body, and his eyes were fixed on a shape in the flame cauldron in front of him. Weird stuff.

That thing is only the size of an agate, but it is full of endless evil, and even with Xiao Yan's experience, he has never seen it before!

Like the fruit carefully cultivated by the devil, once touched, once released, it may endanger the entire world!

That's the devil, that's hell, that's the melting pot!

And it's a well-thought-out masterpiece by these guys!

"Damn... Seven Stars Fighting Immortals." Xiao Yan's eyes slowly retracted, the shock in his heart has not yet subsided, and he suddenly smelled that the whole body was enveloped by a strange sinister wind. He knew that the thing in the flame cauldron was about to be born, and once it was born. , I am afraid it will cause waves of uproar!

As for the specific use of the thing, Xiao Yan doesn't know, but the power contained in that small thing is no less than a powerhouse with the perfection level of Seven Star Fighting Immortals!

This space, apart from the evil ancient trees suspended in mid-air, was suddenly an extremely flat ground extremely eerie and evil.

"A mere five-star fighting immortal middle stage."

"I'm a little curious about what's in your body." A cold snort emerged, and a tall man with a very gloomy face suddenly appeared beside Xiao Yan without a trace. The contempt on the corner of his mouth seemed to be about dead animals.

"Looks like I stumbled across some good stuff."

"However, don't you plan to share the good things here?"

"It seems that there are quite a few guys who also have this purpose." At this moment, Xiao Yan's heart was beating violently, but the corners of his mouth were still beating. With his strength, to deal with the Seven Star Fighting Immortal-level criminals, the pressure was self-evident. However, Xiao Yan knew that if the powerhouses of the Holy See and the Soul Hall powerhouses made a move together, he would have a great deal of confidence.

I don't know why, when seeing the evil fruit in the center of the canopy, Xiao Yan's body burst into a burst of extremely crazy smells of holy flame, emperor flame ring, and the most mysterious burning art!

It seems that they are enemies of life and death, and they seem to want to devour each other!

"Good courage and character, but it's a pity..."

"A dead person is not qualified to know these things." Seeing Xiao Yan so fearless, Leiji laughed like a **** of death.

In an instant, this smile symbolized Xiao Yan's death!