Chapter 624: Dou Di 3 Tribulations

Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes moved slightly, and her eyes were directed towards the terrifying thundercloud in the sky!

"Boom boom boom!" In the sky, thunderclouds are densely covered, and the thunderclouds are covered with sky-shattering power, as if a trace of thunder and lightning power is born in the next moment will tear this space apart.

"Can you hold on?" At this moment, Mu Yingying's aura had soared to the point where the five-star Dou Emperor was consummated, and she was only one step away from the initial stage of the Six-star Dou Emperor.

"You can rest assured to cross the tribulation!"

"Leave the rest to me." Xiao Yan laughed loudly, and then mobilized the spiritual power and the power of holy flame in his body to continuously catalyze the core inscriptions from the core of the divine movement in his body to the secret formation, trying to strengthen the secret formation. Otherwise, once it is broken by this terrifying thundercloud, there will be nothing here.

"Well, thank you." Mu Yingying was also not good at words, she cast a grateful look at Xiao Yan, and then her beautiful eyes became heavy, and the ten drops of liquid on the phone were also tightly held by her.

"Is this the Dou Di Jie..." Mu Yingying's red lips moved, her eyes fixed on the dense thunderclouds above the dense formation.

Although she is not an alchemist, but relying on the holy flame in Mu Yingying's body and her own perception, she also knows that this place has been sealed by Xiao Yan with special power.

But this is also in Mu Yingying's mind. After all, Mu Yingying doesn't really want to mix with humans, except for the few people in the Human Palace who make her feel warm.

At this time, the thunderclouds rolled violently, and between the lightning and thunder, there seemed to be terrifying thunder and lightning strung out, causing the space to become extremely uneasy!

But what surprised Xiao Yan most was that no matter how dense and terrifying the thunderclouds were, no other terrifying thunderbolts were born from beginning to end.

"The Six-Star Dou Emperor Tribulation is really a watershed that the human Dou Emperor has only seen." Mu Yingying stared at the dense thunderclouds in the sky, and an uneasy feeling spread from her heart.

"I remember when my elder brother Du Liuxing Dou Dijiao was only relied on his own strength to resist it." Mu Yingying's lips moved, and then she felt a little sad.

"Brother?" Such a small voice naturally could not escape Xiao Yan's perception.

This is not Xiao Yan's fault. After all, this place is surrounded by the formation formed by Xiao Yan's spiritual power, so any disturbance in this dense formation cannot escape Xiao Yan's perception.

"This Mu Yingying's background is really weird."

"It's just that I don't know how holy her brother is. A person who can resist the Six-Star Dou Di Tribulation with his strength, I'm afraid it's more than ten yuan now." Xiao Yan said slightly in his heart.

"Come on!" After hesitating for a while, Mu Yingying drank a little, and then her body suddenly burst out with a grudge, and a trace of blue flames attacked the thundercloud above the sky viciously!

Mu Yingying's azure blue flame Dou Qi just entered the thunder cloud, and the thunder cloud moved towards the direction where Mu Yingying was as if it had been received!

"Is she crazy?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be startled when he saw Mu Yingying being so reckless. If this terrifying thundercloud shot directly, I'm afraid the explosion would instantly shatter the formation!

Just as he was about to stop him, he unexpectedly heard Xinyan's voice within his body.

"You're stupid, Master told you."

"This woman is now transcending tribulation!"

"Why did you make trouble in the past?" Xinyan rolled her eyes and asked.

"She first used her own fighting spirit to trigger the thunderclouds to come, and then she used her fighting spirit to attack the thunderclouds, in order to make the thunderclouds give birth to the corresponding thunderstorms." Xinyan said.

"The corresponding thunder calamity?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be stunned.

"You don't understand that, do you?"

"Master, let me tell you, the cultivation of human fighting emperors is divided into three stages."

"In the first stage, the Six-Star Dou Emperor Tribulation, all the powerhouses whose strength reaches the Five-Star Dou Emperor Consummation will be blocked by an inexplicable in the body, which will prevent you from improving your strength."

"That kind of thing is called the Six-Star Fighting Emperor's Tribulation."

"Only after passing the six-star fighting emperor's life calamity, the power of birth will be born in the body. The color is white. The power of life is divided into nine grades from low to high. The first grade is the first, and the ninth grade is the highest."

"Only in this way will we continue to practice, otherwise we won't survive the calamity, and our strength will always stay at the level of five-star Dou Emperor consummation, but this six-star Dou Emperor's life is not so easy to survive." Xinyan said something mischievous.

When Xiao Yan heard this, his heart sank involuntarily.

"The strength of this life is the symbol of a six-star Dou Di powerhouse, and the strength of this life is much more tyrannical than ordinary fighting qi..."

"But I always feel that your flame fighting qi is not weaker than the strength of life." Xinyan said slowly.

"There's still such a secret, this time I'm thinking too much." Xiao Yan laughed at himself slowly, obviously, Xiao Yan didn't know about these news.

"What about the other two calamities?" Xiao Yan nodded, and immediately became curious.

Since this Dou Di has three tribulations of Dou Di, the first tribulation is so terrifying, then the other two tribulations are probably even more terrifying!

"Doudi's three tribulations, the six-star Doudi is a hurdle, which has attracted countless arrogances to fall, but as long as you pass it, you can turn into a blue dragon and move forward!"

"As for going through the first calamity of the Dou Emperor, then the time when the Eight-Star Dou-Emperor enters the Nine-Star Dou-Emperor's perfection level."

"At that time, it was called Dou Di's death calamity. After passing through, the power of death was born in the body, and it was also divided into 1st to 9th grades."

"However, this Emperor Dou's death calamity is not so easy to get through. If anything goes wrong, the terror will be wiped out under the thunder of death calamity!"

"But as long as you survive the Dou Emperor's death calamity, you will be able to enter the Nine-Rank Nine-Star Dou Emperor, and then step into a brand new realm."

"As for the end, it is the most terrifying of the Dou Emperor's Three Tribulations, and it is also a step that countless geniuses dare not take."

"Dou Emperor's life and death!"

"The so-called Dou Di's life and death calamity means that when Dou Di's peak steps into Dou Xian, he must perfectly integrate the power of life and death in his body, compress the sea of ​​Dou Qi to condense Dou Xian, and then successfully step into Dou Xian."

"All kinds of cause and effect are indispensable."

"However, this life-and-death robbery requires the power of life and death to be perfectly blended and detached from life and death. Otherwise, the soul of life and death will be scattered in this great world!" Xinyan said slowly. UU reading www.uukanshu. com

"The six-star Dou Emperor lives and calamities, the eight-star Dou Emperor dies, and the Dou Emperor's peak calamities..." Xiao Yan slowly digested what Xinyan said.

"Little guy, you still have a long way to go." Seeing this, Xinyan couldn't help but smile, it was obvious that there was Fen Jue in Xiao Yan's body, Xinyan would never underestimate Xiao Yan's potential, as for Xiao Yan It can grow to various levels after the hot days, to be honest, even Xinyan is a little moved.

"I didn't expect that the cultivation of this Dou Emperor rank would be so cumbersome..." Xiao Yan shook his head slowly, it was obvious that he was already in the late stage of the Six Star Dou Emperor, and the power of life had not been born in his body for a long time, which made Xiao Yan stumped.

"Be careful, the color of this thundercloud has begun to change." Xinyan suddenly interrupted Xiao Yan's thinking and said solemnly.

"This is..." Xiao Yan looked up and saw the color picture of thunderclouds in the sky violently rolling over!

Previously, the color of Leiyun was still colorless, and the density was so terrifying that even Xiao Yan was troubled.

As for now, the colors of the thunderclouds in the sky are constantly rolling, and in a short period of time, five colors have emerged!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's not over yet..." Xiao Yan casually glanced at Mu Yingying next to him, and found that Mu Yingying's eyes were slightly closed, the power of the blue holy flame in her body was slowly surrounding, and the color of the thunderclouds above the sky continued to roll. write.

Ask for tickets!

Crab Crab gave a reward of 10,000 yuan on the Chinese website (Huanyan Value Control) yesterday.

Jia Geng Er Geng is reserved for National Day, sorry!