Chapter Vol 4 1804: Crazy move!

"Hun Yan... what should I do now?" Looking at the more and more figures around him like a tide, Soul Wuji approached Soul Yan. Such a turbulent scene made his heart palpitate because of his strength.

"It's okay, we still have the Furnace Vortex!"

"Give it to me!" At this time, Soul Flame pretended to be calm and roared, and now the mighty army, I am afraid that only the Furnace Vortex, blessed by the power of faith, can compete with it.

"Weng buzzing!" With the appearance of this scene, the blood-colored furnace vortex directly devoured most of the creatures controlled by the evil rain, and it turned into a pure power that was strung into the soul of the soul.

"Let's... go and destroy it." Xiao Yan and the Dark Lord have been silently stagnant since the evil rain just appeared. After Xiao Yan stared at Xie Ding Neymar for a long time, the two seemed to After reaching a certain consensus, Xiao Yan gave the order just now. As for Ji Xuan, it was under Xiao Yan's instructing, and he was attached to the shadow of the underworld, so he was also protected from the evil rain.

"This guy named Xiao Yan may be the best test subject for Devil Fruits. Compared to the prince of the Heavenly Star Empire, he is too tyrannical."

"It's a pity that I have already made an agreement with him, it's a pity." The agate fruit in the evil grace is more and more bright, and a touch of evil light is more and more flickering like a demon. Every beat will make this space full of extremely dangerous. Breath, I am afraid that it is very close to being truly mature.

"Boom!" The vortex of the blood-colored furnace shook violently, but the Dark Underworld did not hesitate. He raised his arm covered with black armor and swung it heavily, and suddenly the mountain shook. The blood-colored furnace that contained the power of faith The whirlpool, was actually destroyed like this?

Not even any energy ripples emerged along the way, without any resistance, just such a blow?

"How is that possible?" At this moment, a shock lingered in Soul Yan's heart, and it didn't go away for a long time.

He knows the power of the dark underworld. Even if he is tyrannical, he cannot destroy the furnace vortex that he has blessed with the power of faith.

What exactly is going on?

"Xiao Yan?" Countless questions and anger emerged in his heart, but his eyes suddenly saw a beautiful four-color lotus flower on Xiao Yan's arm, slowly bursting out.

"Then, here's a gift for you!" In an instant, Xiao Yan escaped from the Dark Underworld Master, his body trembled, and the Buddha's Furious Samsara directly locked on Soul Yan on the palm of his hand, roaring away at him.

In a different space, the relationship between Xiao Yan and the Dark Underworld naturally consumed a lot of the ancient emperor Tuoshe. Now the two have concluded an equality treaty, not like a master and servant, but more like a comrade-in-arms, so the Dark Underworld is also willing. With the help of Xiao Yan, the power displayed is naturally much more tyrannical than when Soul Yan controlled it.

After all, there are many contracts concluded by the summoning attribute, but undoubtedly, the master-servant contract and the equality contract, or the latter is more convincing for this creature.

"Boom!" At this moment, Hun Yan and Hun Wuji were attacked by the enemy from both sides, and the evil rain filled the sky. In addition to Xiao Yan's reincarnation of Buddha's wrath, and the three-party attack led by Gamma behind him, they retreated steadily for a while.

At the bottom of this lair, like a real doomsday, various energies are constantly flashing out.

"Let's do it together!"

"Tear here!" Hun Yan snorted coldly as he stared fiercely at Mal and Xie Ding, who were being protected by countless powerhouses.

"Crash!" With a sound, Hunyan and Hun Wuji joined forces, and two dark soul light groups strung out from their bodies, hanging in front of them like a round of evil moons, even if they were separated by a very long distance. The distance, many sinners also smelled a strong sense of oppression from it.

"Pfft!" With a sound, a ball of soul light shot directly at Xiao Yan's four-color Buddha's wrath, while another ball suddenly shot at Gamma and the others!

"Bang bang bang!" The pitch-black soul light group and the four-color fire lotus touched together, and waves of terrifying energy ripples continued to spread out. This terrifying coercion made everyone's heart tighten.

"Wong Buzz!"

"They're going to run!"

"Stop them for me!" At this moment, Gamma turned into a dark green evil awn demon, grasped the fist with thunder, and smashed directly at the two souls!

"Susu... Today we were negligent, but in the end we won!"

"Soul Burial!"

"Thousands of Souls thorns!" After Shun breathed, Gamma and Xiao Yan's second team temporarily resisted, and Soul Yan's body was full of anger from countless ghosts, and a roar resounded through the nine days, venting out.

The devil's lair was shrouded in black mist, and countless evil rains seemed weak under this black mist, but at this time, the roar of soul flames was still incessant, causing these controlled humans to shiver.

Suddenly, above the void at the top of the lair, holes burst out one by one, and behind the holes was endless black mist. This scene is enough to be called shocking!

With the roar of the soul flames, the black mist in the hole continued to emerge, and the entire nest was completely filled in a short period of time!

"Woo!" Filled with so many black mists, the humans in the nest controlled by the evil rain suddenly let out a cry, as if a child was afraid, afraid of something.

"Isn't it immortal..." At this moment, Xiao Yan didn't do anything, standing on the shoulders of the Dark Underworld. The body was shrouded, and it seemed that he also smelled a dangerous breath from the black mist.

"Crash!" After a while, in those holes, a silver holy sword, like a blade piercing the sky, emerged from the hole, and the whole body was filled with black mist, as if an extremely evil creature was coveting the world. !

Soul Palace's unique magic!

Ghast Judgement!

This level of magic is displayed by the sacrifice of countless lonely ghosts and wild ghosts. The price is very high, but its power is obvious to all!

"Since we can't get it, then you can't get it either."

"Susu!" At this moment, Soul Yan's whole body was extremely weak, but his hands showed a posture of supporting the sky, his eyes locked on the evil cauldron above the canopy of this evil tree, and he let out a shocking roar!

"not good!"

"He's trying to destroy the Devil Fruit!" Seeing Soul Yan's desperate move, he was astonished to have both Gamma and the guilt behind him.

The experiment of devil fruit has been studied with painstaking efforts by countless generations of powerhouses. In their minds, this has long been more valuable than their lives!

"Destroy me completely!" Without any hesitation, Soul Yan suddenly dropped his hands and projected it towards the evil cauldron above the canopy of the evil tree.

At that time, the silver sword of the evil soul holy judge, which was already ready to go, suddenly filled with bursts of fierce wind, and roared away at the evil cauldron like a broken bamboo!

If such a terrifying attack really hits the evil cauldron, I am afraid that the evil cauldron and the devil fruit will instantly turn into dust!

"These guys..."