Chapter 608: What's missing in Alien Fire!

In addition to being shocked, Xiao Yan slowly calmed down and thought carefully about Mu Yingying's every move, and found that no matter what, it could not be linked to the transfer.

"It's not that there is no such possibility, it's just that this possibility is too small."

"It is impossible for me to convert to become a human, otherwise, the rarity of the power of holy flame is coveted by countless human beings." Xinyan shook her head and said.

"Compared with the second possibility, I am more willing to believe in the first possibility." Xiao Yan smiled wryly, Xiao Yan really did not want to believe such huge information.

After all, they get along well with this Mu Yingying on weekdays. In the Xuanling Emperor Pond, this Mu Yingying used the power of holy flame to save Xiao Yan, otherwise the person from the Xuanling Emperor Pond alone would be enough to save Xiao Yan. Xiao Yan's life.

"By the way, Xinyan, do you know why the power of fire in my body can't be fused with your holy flame?"

"I always feel that compared with your holy flame power, Yihuo seems to be lacking in something." Xiao Yan is no longer hesitating about Mu Yingying's identity, after all, Mu Yingying's help to him is not small.

"what……"

"When you say that, I really feel a little weird."

"These flames in your body have a lot of attributes. I'm afraid that just from what I feel, there are many kinds of devouring and purification."

"That's weird, I've never heard of anyone who can have so many flames at the same time." Xinyan said slightly.

"My flames are called different fires on our Dou Qi Continent. There are twenty-two flames in total, and each flame is the most violent bred between heaven and earth."

"As for the number one ranking, it is the fusion of these twenty-two different fires." Xiao Yan explained to Xinyan.

"Did you fuse all those twenty-two flames?" Xinyan asked back, looking a little weird.

"The fusion of those strange fires resulted in the birth of a larger power within my body." Xiao Yan said.

"Take out the source of your flame and let me have a look." For some reason, Xinyan suddenly said hot.

"This..." Xiao Yan hesitated for a while, but he did as he did. After all, he had already devoured the holy flame. If there was any change in this heart rock, it would probably be detrimental to others.

"Sure enough..." At the next moment, Xinyan's hot eyes suddenly glowed with a greedy look.

Because the heart actually felt a familiar aura from the source flame in front of him!

That is exactly the same as the holy flame!

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan looked at Xinyan with some vigilance, but felt a little uneasy in his heart.

"After you fused so many flames, did anything else appear?" Xinyan continued to ask.

"Other things?" Being asked by Xinyan, Xiao Yan was immediately confused.

"Xiao Yi?" Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something and said suddenly!

The power after the fusion of all the strange fires was indeed in Xiaoyi's body, but at that time Xiaoyi was only the fire baby of Jinglian Yaohuo, and after Xiao Yan fused all the sources of strange fires, Xiaoyi actually A series of changes have taken place, leading to a leap into a fire spirit with unlimited potential!

"That supernatural power that is comparable to that of a human eight-star Dou Di was born from your fusion of these flames?" Xinyan asked questioningly.

"You can say that." Xiao Yan also seemed to know something, and immediately thought.

"Then these so-called peculiar fires on your body, in my opinion, should be the embryos of Holy Flame." Then a voice resembling a thunderous thunder echoed around Xiao Yan!

"what?"

"Holy Flame Embryo?" Xiao Yan asked with some serious surprise.

"Yes, after the fusion of your dozens of so-called different fires, the power of different fires in your body is formed. The power of different fires is much weaker than my holy flame. The most fundamental reason is It's just the embryo of the Holy Flame."

"If the holy flame embryo wants to truly turn into holy flame, then what is lacking in it is power."

"Only by constantly accumulating strength, so that the power of this strange fire is more powerful. After it is strong to a certain extent, after passing through the tempering of the laws of heaven and earth, can it truly transform and be called holy flame." Xinyan said flatly.

"In other words, is the power of this strange fire to be strengthened?"

"What's more important is to overcome the calamity?" Xiao Yan hesitated, obviously Xinyan's information was too huge and shocking, and Xiao Yan couldn't let it go for a long time.

"Yes, that's right, it just needs to be strengthened and robbed."

"I felt it carefully. The dozens of different fire powers in your body are too small. Although there is a smell of holy flames, they may be ignored."

"Let me tell you this way, a strange fire in your body is equivalent to one percent of the power of the holy flame, and the new flame after the fusion of dozens of different fires is only one-tenth as powerful as the holy flame. "

"Understood?" Xinyan explained.

"Then how to strengthen the power of this strange fire?" Xiao Yan immediately understood after hearing Xinyan's words.

It turns out that the strange fire that I obtained on the Dou Qi Continent is not an exaggeration at all, but it is too weak.

"Strengthening the power of different fire in your body, that's not easy."

"You forgot that little Yi?" Xinyan reminded.

"Xiao Yi?" Xiao Yan said with a comprehension.

"Although I don't know why that Xiao Yi can attach to you and provide you with powerful strength, this is impossible for any Holy Flame Spirit to do. I think he is also a little mutated."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But since that Xiao Yi was born because of your fusion of the power of different fire, then I am sure that he is the holy flame spirit of your holy flame embryo!" Xinyan said decisively.

"No way, this Xiao Yi is a Fire Infant on the Dou Qi Continent, how could it be..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder, although this Xiao Yi's strength continued to soar, in the final analysis, Xiao Yan could still be like conquering Xinyan into its own body.

"Into your body?"

"It should be impossible now."

"The pride of Holy Flame will not allow two Holy Flame Spirits to exist in one human body at the same time."

"You can try if you don't believe me." Xinyan watched Xiao Yan come back! "Xiao Yan heard the words, his heart tightened, and then the power of the strange fire in his body turned, and he shouted!

"..." With the end of Xiao Yan's burst of drinking, nothing happened.

"What's going on, why can't Xiao Yi return to my body?" Xiao Yan opened his eyes, and a sense of unease poured into his heart.

"This is normal. After all, Huoxin Tianyan is the real holy flame, but your power of different fire is just the embryo of holy flame."

"And I feel that this Xiao Yi is not only the Holy Flame Spirit, but also the Fire Spirit you mentioned."

"After all, the power of our Holy Flame Spirit is fixed, and it will only change with the strength and weakness of the Holy Flame owner, but you found out that, even if you devour your Holy Flame, the strength of the Holy Flame increases greatly, then little Yiye has nothing to do with it. Variety."

Therefore, there may be some other mutations in this Holy Flame Spirit. "

"I think you and you may have some connection with him that's why this scene appeared." Xinyan joked.

"So, if I want to strengthen the power of the different fire, I'm afraid I need Xiaoyi's strength to continue to become stronger?"

"Carry out the calamity later, so that the power of this strange fire can be transformed into a real holy flame!" Xiao Yanming realized.

"Yes, that's right, that's it." Xinyan smiled.

"Then if there are no two holy flames on a human body, then what you said before about wanting to devour other holy flames will not be self-defeating?" Xiao Yan looked at Xinyan with some vigilance in his heart.

Ask for tickets!