Chapter 436: Fairy Ring!

"Cough, cough..." After Bing Xin released the Poison Mantian, the breath all over his body was sluggish. Obviously, although the Poison Mantian had been displayed, the consumption was too great for him.

"Let's go first." Bing Xindai's eyes moved, and then her figure turned gently.

Because Bing Xin was protecting her body with green fighting qi at this time, and they were surrounded by green poisonous qi all around them, so Bing Xin quietly left, and it was difficult for Master Lu to notice.

"Want to go?"

"Do you think you can change your current situation by displaying this poison?"

"Then I have to say that you are very wrong."

"You're poisonous man is really powerful. If you change it to an ordinary strong man, it's scary and ferocious, but unfortunately it's me." Master Lu said proudly. Looking for Bing Xin, but no figure was found, and even Bing Xin's breath was hidden by him.

After Master Lu finished speaking, he was also flustered, and slowly raised his forehead, a rare wave of death appeared in the corner of his eyes, and then the inconspicuous silver bracelet on his wrist instantly became bright!

"That's..." Bing Xin was about to leave here with the help of the spread of poisonous gas in the sky, but she was shocked to find the light from the silver bracelet in Master Lu's hand beside him!

The silver bracelet in Master Lu's hand emits a very dazzling light, even if the two of them are in the deep green poisonous gas, they are also attracted by this light!

"Not good!" The next moment, Bing Xin suddenly realized something, and ran away!

An unease emerged in Bing Xin's heart!

Foundry Foundry!

How could I forget that Master Lu was the most terrifying foundry in the entire Xuan Santian!

The most terrifying thing for a foundry is the endless variety of magical weapons!

"The Immortal Beam Ring!"

Master Lu's eyes were slightly closed, and then the silver hand at the wrist emitted a dazzling light. The next moment, the silver hand fell off from Master Lu's hand, and then turned into a slap-sized halo!

Above the light, a terrifying sealing force emerged.

"Go!" At the same time, Master Lu's pupils suddenly opened, and then the Shuxianzai standing in front of him seemed to have wisdom and whistled away at the location of Bingxin!

"Go away!" Seeing this, Bing Xin realized that since the moment the so-called Immortal Beam Ring appeared, she seemed to be locked in!

No matter how you change your position, you can't escape the perception of this bunch of fairy rings!

"Let's capture it if you can." After Master Lu released the Shuxian Ring, he quietly struck the rock beside him, and his whole body was constantly releasing the poisonous gas.

"Boom boom boom!" Bing Xin saw that the bundle of immortal rings was about to come to her, her jade hand slightly raised, and a terrifying poisonous fighting qi attacked it directly!

"Woo!" Shu Xianhuan is quite spiritual, and seems to have discovered Bingxin's attack, even if it is approaching Bingxin at high speed, facing Bingxin's attack, the palm-sized halo turns around and directly avoids Bingxin's attack in the past. !

"Boom boom boom!" As Shu Xianhuan avoided Bing Xin's attack, Bing Xin's terrifying attack created a huge pit dozens of feet in size on its solid rock path!

"Boom!" Shu Xianhuan drove directly in front of Bing Xin in the next moment, and then split into two halves when Bing Xin was a little weak!

At this moment of crisis, Bing Xin realized that something was wrong, and immediately used up the last trace of vindictive energy to condense an energy poisonous insect. The energy poisonous insect just appeared, and it left here under the cover of green poisonous gas, not knowing where to go. where.

"Dong, dong, dong!" After Shu Xianhuan split into two halves, she instantly went to Bing Xin's body!

When attached to Bing Xin's body, they suddenly merged into one, directly trapping Bing Xin's body!

The white light of the immortal ring just bound Bing Xin, and Bing Xin suddenly felt an extremely weak feeling spread throughout her body!

That is a powerful seal!

Under the sealing power of this bundle of immortal rings, Bingxin's strength at this time is only at the level of a three-star fighting emperor!

This bundle of immortal-level sealing power actually suppresses Bing Xin, who is at the perfection level of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, and only has the strength of the Three-Star Dou Emperor level. It is truly terrifying!

"Let go of me!" Bing Xin heard the words and struggled desperately, but Bing Xin found that the more she struggled, the more obvious the weakness in her body.

"Hey, if you are hit by my Immortal Beam Ring, even if you are a real Immortal Fighting Powerhouse, you can only obediently capture it." Master Lu on the side was also pleased.

"Let's go, Brother Chen Xin, I have bound her." Master Lu said to the Pill King Chen beside him.

Dan Wangchen has a gentle heart, but his eyes become hot!

Binding this Bingxin, then the Fire Qidan is also close at hand!

"Go!" Dan Wangchen heard the words and jumped directly from the rock.

Although there was already green poisonous gas all over the place at this time, and the visibility was almost zero, but thanks to the white light emitted by the fairy ring, it was very good to identify the direction.

"Don't worry, I have no ill intentions, we are just here for the Fire Qidan!" Master Lu came to Bing Xin and said.

"Yes, the fire unicorn pill we used before." Pill King Chenxin, who was next to Master Lu, also laughed.

Dan Wang Chenxin and Master Lu were so close to Bing Xin, just now they saw through the thin veil that Bing Xin's appearance was a beautiful woman, with big eyes and short, round eyelashes. It is indeed only for the fire qidan, and there is not too much entanglement.

"Humph!"

"Pill Valley Pill King Chen Xin, Master Lu of Xuanling City, you are taking this by chance, let our Sect Master know, the consequences are..." Bing Xin snorted coldly.

"Tsk tsk... The Master of the Poison Sect is indeed powerful. If she is here, the two of you will only have the chance to escape."

"It's a pity that your suzerain is not here because he is in charge of everything," said Master Lu.

"Forget it, let's take the fire qidan and leave as soon as possible. I always feel a little uneasy in my heart..." Pill King Chen said slowly.

"Anyway, you are a rich man, so you can decide." After Master Lu finished speaking, he did not stare at Bing Xin, but stood directly aside. Dou Qi was pouring out of his body, and a huge wind appeared, and then it slowly blew. The poisonous gas is scattered all over the place.

"This is the Fire Qi Pill..." Pill King Chen Xin directly invaded the exquisite collection ring in Bing Xin's hand with his powerful soul power, and then took out a rather familiar pill.

In a rather expensive jade bottle, a longan-sized medicinal pill slowly stood up Even with the isolation of this jade bottle, the medicinal pill emanated from the darkness. The invisible fluctuations made Dan Wangchen's heart shine.

"It's really a fire unicorn... It seems that Dou Xian is promising!" Dan Wang Chen's pupils had extremely hot fluctuations, and he held the jade bottle tightly in his hand, and said excitedly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Even if Dan Wang Chenxin is already a second-rank emperor alchemist at this time, but he has only broken through the eight-star Doudi and has just been promoted to the nine-star Doudi, but because of this, Dan Wang Chenxin also knew about it. , If you want to be promoted to the Immortal Rank Alchemist like their Pill Valley Master, then you must first have the strength of Dou Xian, so there is a scene where Pill King Chen Xin has an idea about this Fire Qi.

"Master Lu, let's go!" Dan Wang Chenxin said to Master Lu next to him after three confirmations.

Just as Dan Wangchen was ready to leave with a heart full of joy, a hot feeling replaced the poisonous gas in the sky.

"careful!"

"This is a formation!" After Master Lu finished speaking, he instantly protected him in front of King Pill.

"I laughed at this thing." A funny voice sounded, and then the Pill King Chen Xin saw a black and white shadow fleetingly, and then the jade bottle in his hand was taken away!

"This is……"

"Fighting Immortal Powerhouse..." The next moment, Master Lu suddenly realized something, and exclaimed.

Ask for tickets!