Chapter 538: Emperor rank 2-grade medicinal pill, Moxie Dan!

"Plop!" The four figures sank directly into the lake.

At this time, the four of them had a layer of dazzling vindictive light on their bodies, and this layer of defense was designed to resist this strange lake water.

"I don't know why the water in this lake is five times the normal pressure, so with my strength, I can only drop to a position of 500 meters... As for the depth, even if there is something good, I don't dare to rashly. Go down, because it's too dangerous." Snake Xing followed Xiao Yan and spoke slowly, with an extremely rare heaviness in his voice.

"Five hundred meters?" Xiao Yan heard the words and sank slightly. If this mighty 8-star Dou Emperor, as powerful as a snake, can only lurch to this level, then this place will undoubtedly be a fierce place!

Just as he entered the water, Xiao Yan was just as Snake said, a force of pressure directly pressed on his body, causing Xiao Yan to feel a shock in his body.

"This water is really terrifying." Xiao Yan secretly said.

Just as he was submerged in the water, Xiao Yan was slightly startled by the pressure that hit his face. Although it did not make Xiao Yan feel exhausted, it was extremely strange!

Because at this time, the strange fire in Xiao Yan's body seemed to feel a rather comfortable and strange feeling that spread throughout Xiao Yan's body!

"What kind of good things are there?" Xiao Yan said slowly, but a strange smile appeared at the corner of his mouth!

The value of something that can withstand such pressure is immeasurable!

"What's under this... Why doesn't it look like the fluctuation of flames?" The ancient ruler behind Xiao Yan emitted a fiery red light, and Long Yi asked.

"Long Lao, the things below this should not be flames." Xiao Yan said, obviously for Xiao Yan, who is practicing Fen Jue, the flame power is undoubtedly the most sensitive.

"I don't know. Anyway, there are not many things that can make me care about. The following thing is definitely one." After Long Yi finished speaking, he stopped talking.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

When Xiao Yan heard this, he was always vigilant, because no one knew whether there was any danger here!

It's just that Xiao Yan was too focused on the things around him, so he ignored that in the collection ring, an item really slowly glowed!

The light it emits is exactly the same as the comatose snake jade not far ahead!

"Little brother Xiao Yan." Just when Xiao Yan was trying to find out if there was any abnormality in the water around his body, the snake tortured human body suddenly turned into the body of a three-headed water spirit snake, and immediately said to Xiao Yan.

"What a huge creature." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but sigh slightly, obviously he had a new understanding of this mysterious Hu Bo.

"Little brothers, all of you come up, it just so happens that I have the body of three water spirit snakes, which can greatly reduce some of your burdens here." Snake Punishment swayed the three water spirit snakes with a body of dozens of meters, facing Xiao Yan. How humane.

"This hu hu seems to be very big, but I just saw from the pavilion that this hu hu is only tens of meters in size. How can it be so big?" Xiao Yan came to the back of the three-headed water spirit snake and said aloud. , As for the snake spirit on the side, it was holding the snake jade, and then slowly stepped on the body of the snake torture, and didn't speak, just looking at the depths of the lake.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, you don't know anything about this."

"The pavilion above, to be honest, is just a stage and opportunity for those who want to enter the mansion. I didn't say it. If you hadn't helped me so much, I would have swallowed you up to increase my strength and make it easier to use. To defend against the evil clan outside the territory." The snake punishment also did not see the outside world, and said directly.

"Well, I feel it. If you don't exist in this lake, even if I am a seven-star Dou Emperor, I'm afraid I can't get through, not to mention that there are restrictions on my strength if I want to enter this desert mountain range." Xiao Yan responded.

"It seems that your kid is also hiding it. The mere five-star fighting emperor can actually have the power to destroy and kill the evil races outside the territory. He is a well-deserved genius." Snake Xing flattered.

"What kind of medicine is sold in this snake torture gourd?" Xiao Yan frowned, obviously hesitant about this snake torture's sudden flattery.

"There seems to be something good down there, but I won't go down, you should go down." The next moment, Snake Punishment suddenly said.

"Well?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and he couldn't help but be vigilant. If this snake's torture could not go on, then if these few people joined forces to deceive him, then his end would be...

"Little brother Xiao Yan, don't get me wrong, there is a reason why I don't go down."

"Because when I got the blood of the three water snakes, it seemed to vaguely disturb the thing below, so now, once I enter where, I will disturb the thing below, so just in case, I still... "..." Snake said apologetically.

"What he said should be true. I also found that as we went deeper and deeper, the things below seemed to exude some power." Long Yi suddenly said in Xiao Yan's heart.

"okay then."

"But you've just recovered from the snake torture, and you haven't recovered your strength, right?" Xiao Yan didn't care so much. Since Long Yi said it, it must be believed.

"Could it be that you are..." The next moment, the eyes of the three-headed water spirit snake under Xiao Yan's feet shrank tightly, and an extremely hot expression spread throughout his body.

"I'm a pharmacist." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"A pharmacist?"

"Sure enough, I should have thought of it long ago." Snake Punishment's huge body shook slightly, and now Xiao Yan's words undoubtedly shocked his heart even more!

If this Xiao Yan, relying on his strength in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, directly killed the Gorefiend who was comparable to the Evil Race from outside the Territory in a few breaths, this would have caused Snake Punishment to admire this Xiao Yan even more!

But now Xiao Yan said that he is an alchemist!

This dual identity is enough to make him face up to the perfect strength of the Eight-Star Dou Di of Snake Punishment!

"Your rank is..." After a brief period of surprise, Snake Punishment opened his mouth slightly.

"It's a second-rank emperor." Xiao Yan said slowly.

After speaking, a huge soul force spread out instantly!

"I'm afraid this terrifying soul power is real." Snake Punishment was immediately overjoyed.

"I'm not talking nonsense. You stay with me in this desert mountain range, and when you encounter a powerful enemy, give me a hand. After the matter is completed, the second-grade emperor-rank medicinal pill, Moxie Dan, will be offered with both hands." Xiao Yan slowly said. Dao, but a huge confidence in the voice emerged!

"what?"

"Moxie Dan?" Snake Xing heard the words and drank it abruptly. The loud voice caused the lake water around him to vibrate slightly.

"Moxie Pill, this is the pill that makes countless Dou Di strong people jealous!"

"Because of its effect, it can completely reshape some strong people with hidden diseases, and completely remove the residual power in the body!"

"And I'm not sure, Snake Punishment can also use this Moxie Pill to break through the ninth rank of the emperor, and truly step into the ranks of the powerhouses that are comparable to the human nine-star fighting emperor!"

"Is this true?" Snake Punished suddenly, his expression surging!

"It's true."

"How did you think about it?" Xiao Yan finished speaking, with a strange smile on the corner of his mouth, staring at the three-headed water snake under his feet!

Ask for tickets!