Chapter Vol 4 2238: Devour holy flames, reincarnation!

The interior space of Yaoji statue.

At this time, Xiao Yi's body was surrounded by purple flames, and the cyan radiance was intertwined, and it was beautiful. The perfect strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals was also increasing at a speed that was visible to the naked eye.

"Did this kid start coveting reincarnation because of the help of His Majesty Yao Ji? Then, as the second brother, I naturally can't fall behind."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a sense of relief appeared in his eyes, and then amber flames appeared on his body, and he walked towards the purple elk on the disk step by step.

The tenth holy flame on the holy flame list has already reached a level of power that can be learned from the world. If it weren't for the help of the majesty of Yao Ji just now, and without the blessing of any auxiliary medicine pills, Xiao Yan would not dare to swallow it rashly. Shen, I am afraid that it is very likely to be burned to the ground and turned into nothingness.

"Wong buzzing!"

The Ziyan elk is very spiritual, although it can't speak, but in the elk's beast's eyes, a gentle purple flame fades out and looks at Xiao Yan, the purple fire on the two antlers also forms the appearance of a miniature elk. Dormant on it.

Xiao Yan walked step by step, his eyes fixed on the mini purple fire deer, the deer's purple flames rose, and the surrounding space became distorted and shattered, and an extremely heavy feeling rushed towards him.

This thing is Wulu Zilingyan's holy flame source deer!

Don't underestimate this holy flame deer, although it is small in size, the energy contained in it, even a reincarnation-level powerhouse, would not dare to take it lightly!

"Hoohoo!"

"Dragon God Transformation!"

Although Xiao Yan knew that success was in front of him, he did not dare to take it lightly. He took a deep breath, and the power of the Dragon King in his body began to run wildly. Pieces of blue dragon scales completely covered Xiao Yan's entire body. An extremely tyrannical heavy breath emerged.

However, even after using the Dragon Transformation of the Baxia Dragon King, Xiao Yan still conveyed an extremely surging fighting spirit in his body, and even the amber flames covered on the blue dragon scales trembled, the source of which was naturally The holy flame purple deer in front of him.

The tenth-ranked holy flame on the holy flame list has an appalling reputation. Moreover, the controller of this holy flame has always been under the crown of Yao Ji. If you are accompanied by a strong person at the peak of reincarnation for a long time, that kind of power can be described as infinite. endless.

"brat."

After making these preparations, Xiao Yan took a step forward, directly entering the Ziyan Elk a few meters around, and said with a grin and excited expression.

"Wong buzzing!"

Even though Wulu Zilingyan has returned to normal now, the innate lightness and elegance still gave Xiao Yan a very strong death pressure.

The power of this flame is not like the holy flame that Xiao Yan had come into contact with before, it is like an extremely ferocious flood and beast, but it is extremely gentle and well-behaved.

But it was this kind of power that seemed to have no offensive power, but made Xiao Yan tremble. Under this kind of flame power, it was extremely difficult to mobilize the power in his body!

Xiao Yan was only about three meters away from the elk, but every time he took a step, the blue dragon scales on Xiao Yan's body hummed, and even the sound of the crisp bones colliding was particularly harsh, with a soft numbness. Zi Yan flowed down and invaded Xiao Yan.

"I want to torture me just for this, but... it's too far!!!"

A loud dragon roar murmured and roared away from Xiao Yan's mouth with scarlet eyes. At that time, in this space, those forces actually shook.

Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Energy Zilu seemed extremely puzzled, so he jumped off the elk slightly and came to Xiao Yan's arm!

"Tear it off!"

The holy flame purple deer jumped on Xiao Yan's arm, a terrifying force that had never been seen before, like a fierce cold wind, deeply stinging Xiao Yan's nerves, the heart-wrenching pain was no less than ten thousand The sword penetrates the soul, and the body and spirit are shocked!

"Whoa!"

At the same time, Gengu Ruler and Di Yanjie emitted a slightly soft golden halo, as if to appease Shengyan Zilu's violent emotions, which greatly reduced Xiao Yan's pressure.

"thanks……"

Xiao Yan's heart warmed slightly, but he was more convinced of the relationship between the Holy King and Yao Ji's crown. Immediately, the blue dragon scales burst out on the palm of his hand, and waves of ancient and heavy dragon king spirit emerged. He raised his palm tremblingly, and suddenly said Leaning forward, he instantly grabbed the Holy Flame Purple Deer!

"Boom!"

Xiao Yan's palm just touched the Holy Flame Purple Deer. On the latter's body, hot purple flames burst out in an instant, the void was distorted, and a tingling aura of destruction emerged from the scalp, even Xiao Yan's On the arm, the blue dragon scales melted rapidly, as if it would be completely shattered at any time.

"The path I've traveled, the options are not comparable to this level..."

Xiao Yan was unmoved, his palms did not loosen in the slightest because of this terrifying power, but a more surging force came out, squeezed even tighter, the cyan dragon scales and amber flames shone brightly, resisting together. Crazy attack of purple flames.

"Tick tock, woohoo..."

Sweat dripped down like raindrops in a steady stream, and the violent ups and downs of breathing became more rapid, and a trace of bright red blood infiltrated from Xiao Yan's skin, which was already covered by cyan dragon scales and amber flames.

A power as tyrannical as the two can't resist the attack of this holy flame?

At this moment, a rare frightening fear actually occupied Xiao Yan's mind.

"No, this holy flame is probably noisy with the witchcraft power of the goddess Yaoji, otherwise, with the power of the Dragon King and Amber Flame, it would be impossible..."

"I can't mess myself up!"

"Flaming cauldron!"

"Soul power!"

Xiao Yan was restless for a while After a while, he actually became quiet, trying to maintain the flow of power over his body, and then confronted the Holy Flame Zilu.

When Shengyan Zilu saw this, the huge power slowly became docile, but the terrifying coercion did not show any signs of weakening.

"Feng Jue, turn it around for me!"

"Devouring!"

The horrific torture emanated from Xiao Yan's limbs and even the nerves of his soul. Xiao Yan held the source of holy flame tightly, and his mad low roar erupted like the most primitive beast. .

"I believe other people have cause and effect, but I don't believe in my own reincarnation."

"My reincarnation, I still need to write it myself!"

For a time, the entire space was crumbling, and the purple flames slowly began to merge with the amber flames under Xiao Yan's full strength. Weird surge.

The strength soared because of swallowing the holy flame, but that strength is neither reincarnation nor comparable to Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

Because of that kind of obscure energy fluctuations, there is a most prepared title in the world.

Humans call it...

Quasi-reincarnation!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: