Chapter Vol 4 2256: Crush!

"Boom!"

Mysterious inorganic spirit bodies surged, and the terrifying breath of reincarnation slanted down from the spirit body like a surging river, directly embellishing the entire night sky with a layer of crystal white mist. With a strange shaking, it seems to be shattered at any time.

"This seat has the blessing of an artifact. You are not my opponent. Let your domain masters come out."

Xuan Wuji held the Heaven Destruction Plate in his hand, and circles of golden light filaments scattered, which actually filled the world with a sense of silence. It seemed that under this kind of power, countless people would quietly fall away.

This is what he relies on. With this self-proclaimed "artifact" in his hand, he is not afraid even in the face of the real third-tier.

"Humph!"

Feng Wan'er didn't do anything, but released a circle of reincarnation power to disintegrate her offensive. The reason was that there was an aura that everyone was very familiar with, coming towards her.

"Since you are so ignorant, don't blame me."

After Xuanji finished speaking, the spiritual body lifted off into the sky, and the golden light was like a dazzling sun. With it as the center, it blasted towards the headquarters of the Endless Fire Territory below!

That kind of terrifying offensive is enough to shatter the souls of some ordinary reincarnation-level powerhouses. With such terrifying power, even the normal two-level reincarnation-level powerhouses cannot use it. It seems that this mysterious machine is also well prepared. Come!

"Elder Feng, the headquarters is below..."

Xiao Gui and others hurriedly opened their mouths. They could clearly smell the destructive power contained in this golden sun. If it fell like this, I am afraid that this huge foundation would be destroyed in one fell swoop.

"do not worry."

Feng Wan'er shook her head slightly, her eyes were already looking at the distorted place in the starry night sky.

There was a glazed flame looming there, and when this flame appeared, even the reincarnation power within oneself released a trembling fluctuation!

That glass-colored flame actually made Feng Wan'er and other triple-reincarnation-level powerhouses feel palpitations?

"As expected of Xuanyu, this level of offensive is enough to be called appalling..."

"But that's all!"

In the vast starry sky, a full-body glazed arm suddenly stretched out from the twisted void, and then no one saw the owner of the voice. Then, in the stunned eyes of everyone, with a slight squeeze, it almost instantly turned into a mottled white mist, which completely dissipated here.

The terrifying power contained in the energy sun did not have time to respond, and was completely annihilated here.

"who is it?"

Xuan Wuji's pupils shrank slightly, and then his eyes locked on the glazed palm. From there, he could actually smell a force that caused his soul to vibrate violently?

"Endless Fire Territory."

Withdrawing their palms, the figures of Xiao Yan and Xun'er appeared in front of everyone at the same time.

"The domain master of the endless fire domain?"

"According to the information we got, although this guy's combat power is extremely amazing, he is only comparable to a complete powerhouse of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, and his strength is only in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian."

"How could it be possible to stop such a terrifying attack from Master?"

Xuan Fengzi, who was behind Xuan Wu's body, looked at Xiao Yan suspiciously. Judging from the means this guy just used, it is impossible that he only has the strength of Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

"I didn't expect that you have already entered the reincarnation, which is really surprising."

"However, it is difficult to change the current situation in your Endless Fire Territory."

Xuanji seemed to be in control, looking at Xiao Yan with a sarcastic look on his face, as long as he defeated Xiao Yan and defeated Feng Wan'er with the Heaven Destruction King Pan, this would be their Xuanyu territory.

Countless powerful people have long coveted this sweet pastry in the Endless Fire Territory, but unfortunately those idiots always thought that the Endless Fire Territory was backed by strong men such as the ghost world, so they did not dare to express dissent.

It's a pity that after their dignified Xuanyu decision, they naturally didn't believe in this evil, so there was this scene.

"Tiny old guy."

Xiao Yan's body trembled slightly, and then he spoke indifferently. The Burning Jue in his body began to run, and in the entire starry sky, bursts of awe-inspiring aura stirred.

"You're still stubborn when you're about to die."

"Suffer to death."

The brown energy in Xuanwu's body swept through, and the majestic reincarnation power instantly enveloped the entire starry sky. The reincarnation coercion released invisibly made countless people feel like they were worshipping.

This feeling stems from the absolute suppression of strength. Obviously, because of Xiao Yan's scene just now, Xuanji is not making reservations. The quasi-second-level reincarnation strength has been displayed, and he is ready to quickly end the battle.

"My style of acting in the Endless Fire Territory has been like this since ancient times."

"People don't offend me, I don't offend anyone."

"If people offend me, they will be punished even if they are far away!"

Seeing Xuanji's method, Xiao Yan's arrogant voice also sounded, and the majestic soul power was displayed, instantly confronting Xuanji.

"The younger generation, die for the master of this domain!"

Xuanji tumbled all over his body, and the cyan reincarnation aura bloomed like fireworks, which was particularly conspicuous in this starry sky.

"Holy Flame Realm!"

Seeing Xuanji's battle like this, the smile on Xiao Yan's mouth turned cold, his handprints suddenly changed on his chest, and handprints filled with majestic soul power appeared one after another.

With the condensing of the fingerprints, Xiao Yan's soul power and holy flame quickly condensed, and after he breathed, he turned into a soul fire phoenix in this vast starry sky!

On the soul of the fire phoenix, the glass-colored flame feathers are particularly conspicuous, and it seems to have some kind of ancient power The phoenix wings sway slightly, and the entire starry sky is twisted at an extreme speed, and there are even lines of flames. Some torn cracks that burned the starry sky appeared.

"Huhu..."

"The soul power in the later stage of Yuanyuan Realm?"

"Holy Flame?"

Immediately, looking at this soul fire phoenix above the sky, looking at him indifferently, the mysterious soul body became restless, and a tingling feeling on the scalp came out spontaneously!

It seemed that he would be destroyed by such a blow from Xiao Yan!

Because of this soul fire phoenix, but now Xiao Yan uses the soul power and the five holy flames in the later stage of Huayuan realm to display, even the simplest use, the ghost face soul flame contained in it is enough to easily destroy the spirits of Xuanji and Wuji. The body is completely devoured!

"Want to run? Stay here forever."

"go!"

Seeing Xuanji's whole body squirming in the starry sky, there seemed to be some majestic space channels hidden in it, Xiao Yan suddenly raised his palm and sneered.

"Boom!"

Following Xiao Yan's order, the soul fire phoenix roared in the sky, the crisp phoenix roar resounded through the starry sky, and countless glazed flame feathers overflowed and scattered everywhere, and the void was directly imprisoned.

At this moment, in the entire starry sky, some extremely deep hidden powers also fluctuated significantly.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: