Chapter Vol 4 1784: The purpose of the mercenary group is to hunt down the sea dragon...

There is hope to re-open a new attribute in the degree!

Just a very weak voice, a huge wave appeared in Xiao Yan's mind, and his attitude towards Zhang Yu suddenly became extremely good.

"Some people really change their faces faster than flipping a book." Xiao Yanan sat on the table gently, Zhang Yu snorted coldly, but she was also a little overjoyed.

"I can't blame me. If it wasn't for the protection of the Jasmine mercenary group, I wouldn't dare to go out to sea rashly. After all, there are many dangers in the sea area, and our alchemist is basically a fire attribute, and the fire attribute is more powerful than the sea area. Great reduction, so..." Xiao Yan also hurriedly explained.

"Forget it, I don't care about you anymore."

"I originally wanted to cooperate with the Jasmine mercenary group, but none of them have the qualifications, so I can only make you cheap." Zhang Yu patted his chest to calm himself down.

"Regain a new attribute... What is going on here?" After a while, Xiao Yan asked in a low voice.

The division of attributes has been pre-determined since birth. Although it may mutate during cultivation to produce a second attribute, the probability is too low and too low.

Now Xiao Yan has only mastered the two attributes of fire and wood by chance. As for the thunder attribute of the soul avatar, Xiao Lei, I am afraid it will take some time and opportunity to fully grasp it. Even the water attribute in the pattern of dominance is quite difficult. Master, which is enough to see how difficult it is to master the second attribute.

"Do you know... why is this sea domain name?" Zhang Yurao said with interest. Only by persuading Xiao Yan to follow him can he enter that mysterious place, otherwise without Xiao Yan's company, he will die without a burial. place.

"I don't know." Xiao Yan shook his head. Apparently, Jasmine didn't mention to Xiao Yan about this mission to go to sea, and Xiao Yan didn't rush to ask.

"This is the Devil's Sea."

"And the reason why it's called the Devil's Sea is because the sea beasts here are all beasts that live on cannibals." Zhang Yu glanced at Xiao Yan lightly, as if trying to scare him.

"Devil Sea Area..." Xiao nodded and muttered.

"The mission of the Jasmine mercenary group is to **** me. I have to go to the center of the Devil's Sea, where there are extremely precious things, and it is related to whether you can open a new relationship. Let me tell you the story, now I can only keep it a secret for now."

"Because there are too many things involved in the center of the Devil's Sea." Zhang Yu was extremely vigilant, for fear of being discovered.

"Okay... But it seems that this Jasmine mercenary group is not just for escorting you?" Xiao Yan said earnestly.

"They have another mission."

"Hunt the overlord in the Devil's Sea."

"Devil whale sea dragon beast." Zhang Yu hesitated for a while, but still said it. After all, this kind of thing is not too mysterious.

"what?"

"Devil whale sea dragon beast?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and the corners of his mouth became dry.

Demon whale sea dragon beast, this is the existence of overlord in the human world, not only powerful, but also has a lot of dragon blood.

"By the way, this sea beast survived the first catastrophe." Seeing Xiao Yan's surprised expression, Zhang Yu added.

"Get through the first catastrophe?" At this moment, Xiao Yan's heart became dark.

For human beings, after the Nine Stars Fighting Immortals, the square is the nine-fold reincarnation, and each reincarnation must pass through the reincarnation calamity.

However, for creatures such as Warcraft, as long as the strength reaches Dou Xian, there are two ways to overcome the calamity.

One is that the lifespan reaches 10,000 years, and the catastrophe will appear automatically, and the other is that the strength reaches the corresponding level, that is, it can automatically lead to the catastrophe and transcend the catastrophe!

In the category of demon beasts, the catastrophe is also divided into ten times. After ten times of catastrophe, one can transcend the world and become the supreme war **** beast. However, the catastrophe that demon beasts have to experience is more powerful than the tyrannical reincarnation of human beings. Therefore, from ancient times to the present, no monster has successfully survived ten calamities and became a true fighting god.

However, once Warcraft has survived the calamity, even if it has survived once, its strength will undergo earth-shaking changes.

And the most important thing is that any magical beast that has survived the catastrophe will drop 100% beast crystals after being obliterated.

Generally, after the death of a beast, there is a high probability of dropping a magic core, which is used to refine medicine pills or weapon enchantments, etc., and the specific use of this beast crystal is unknown. , That kind of strength, but not many human beings dare to play their minds, but the attractiveness of this kind of baby is probably not much weaker than that of Shengyan.

"What strength is this sea beast?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively. For some reason, Xiao Yan always felt that this beast crystal seemed to be a rare good thing.

"It should be at the level of Six Star Fighting Immortals, I don't know." Zhang Yu shook his head.

"It seems that this Jasmine mercenary group has quite a lot of appetite." Xiao Yan laughed, no wonder he would summon a pharmacist at a high cost.

"You go back first. If you advance for a while, I am afraid that you will reach a dangerous area. I can't promise you now. If the Jasmine mercenary group can't defeat this sea beast, we can only be defeated." Xiao Yan pondered, he also Know the danger of the destination.

"Okay...but there seems to be something interesting in your body, maybe you can kill that big guy." Before leaving, Zhang Yu left a rather obscure remark.

"Huhu." After closing the door, calming down and setting up the soul barrier, Xiao Fang calmed down.

"The strength of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal who has survived the first catastrophe, the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast, if you can kill this guy and get some things in his body, my Dragon God's fourth transformation has fallen, and there are beast crystals..."

"After killing this guy, there is hope to go to the center of the Devil's Sea and open a new department..."

"It seems that this trip to the Devil's Sea has yielded a lot." Xiao Yan said with a light smile, his voice was filled with enthusiasm. After all, in this sea area, the fire attribute power is greatly reduced, and it is still necessary to prepare some backhands.

However, Xiao Yan ignored Zhang Yu, a woman with weak strength, but a woman with a strange treasure, even going to the Devil's Sea alone, the background is probably a bit terrifying.

the other side.

Inside Zhang Yu's room.

"Pimple Back in her room, she threw down a scroll, which was different from before, this scroll was full of endless bright aura.

"Hey!" The enchantment emerged, and suddenly the room was half-empty, and a phantom appeared gently.

"Teacher." Zhang Yu performed a special etiquette rather mysteriously and said.

"How's it going?" In an instant, in the mirror-like space above the void, a voice that carried through the heavens and the earth emerged.

This phantom turned its back to Zhang Yu, but behind it, the two pairs of pure white wings contained an extremely sacred and inviolable Xeon aura. The four wings were gently stirred, and every time they were stirred, the world would be completely silent.

"By crossing this sea area, I have reached the lair of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast. Only if the Jasmine Mercenary Corps wipes it out can I enter the Demon's lair along the way." Zhang Yu said respectfully.

"Take the teleportation array I gave you. You can only use it when you enter the devil's lair. Otherwise, once I arrive, the bones will smash grass and startle the snake!" The four-winged woman spoke softly, her voice was like an ancient Valkyrie, unbelievable.

"Yes, teacher." Zhang Yu agreed.

"It's just a group of evil people, this time, let this envoy wipe out all of you dirty worms."

"In the name of an angel of the Holy See." As soon as the words fell, the place was returning to calm, and a huge danger was getting closer and closer to Xiao Yan and others.