Chapter 343: 9 pattern goldfish!

"Seven..."

"Could it be..." After Mu Yingying looked at the silver dragon with seven fish rings in front of her, she added the stones in the hands of Xiaoshou and Da Pang and some things hidden by them, as if she was thinking of something, and muttered. murmured.

The seven fishes slowly swam around the silver dragon. I don't know what power they used to swim, but the only thing Xiao Yan knew was that once the seven fish ring silver dragon really woke up, even if it was a Now with the three of them, I'm afraid they can't handle it.

There are seven fish around the silver dragon, and one is located at the pupil of the silver dragon, exuding an extremely huge aura. According to Xiao Yan's guess, this fish should be the most tyrannical being among the nine fish!

Taking a closer look, it is not difficult to find that no matter how the seven fish swim, they all surround the silver dragon, and they all maintain a formation, as if they were born with or are one with the silver dragon.

But surprisingly, the two fish at the tail of the dragon at the bottom of the silver dragon also disappeared without a trace.

No need to know, it should have been taken away by Na Xiaoshou and Da Fatang!

According to Zhu Lao, only with the help of the power of this fish, it is possible to go to the passage to wake up the guardian to challenge, otherwise, no matter what methods are used, it is impossible to break through this formation.

"The fish at the head of the dragon should be the most powerful. The lower it is, the weaker it is. You should choose first, otherwise we will run out of time."

"Once Xiaoshou and Da Pang are the first to break through the guardian, it will also cause us a lot of pressure."

"After all, this Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon Formation, in the final analysis, relies on the power of the silver dragon in front of him to take the lead in breaking through the guardian, and will undoubtedly gain more control!" Xiao Yan's voice also said slowly.

"Yeah." Mu Yingying and Mu Feng also responded at the same time, both of them knew that this matter was no trivial matter, and they didn't dare to neglect it.

"I choose this!" Mu Yingying was also the first to speak, then raised her jade hand slightly and pointed at one of the seven fish.

Xiao Yan followed Mu Yingying's fingers and saw that it was a fish with five-color gold patterns, which looked like a triangle, and the head and tail of the fish were quite matched.

Although he didn't know Mu Yingying's plan, the five-colored gold-patterned fish was among the remaining seven fish at this time, and from this day alone, it could be considered to be in the middle.

"What about you, Mu Feng..." Xiao Yan also said.

"I choose this!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and Mu Feng's voice echoed around Xiao Yan.

What Mu Feng chose was a four-color golden fish, and its aura was quite terrifying.

"Xiao Yan, what about you..." Mu Yingying had a plan in her heart, but she didn't see Xiao Yan's instructions for a long time, so she immediately asked.

"my words……"

"I want to try the nine-pattern goldfish that is above the first place..." Xiao Yan's voice was not loud, but it spread out in the basin.

"impossible!"

"That nine-pattern goldfish is definitely the most powerful guardian of this nine-fish play dragon formation. Just from the breath on it, I can sense a strength that is not inferior to the eight-star fighting emperor level!"

"As your fellow senior sister, I don't allow you to do this!" Xiao Yan had just finished speaking, and Mu Yingying bit her lip slightly, and spoke with a rare stubbornness in her voice.

"Don't worry, I have my own plans, and I won't force it." Xiao Yan was also baffled by Mu Yingying's sudden concern, but immediately, in order not to worry the two, he slowly said.

"That nine-pattern goldfish is the most powerful guardian of this nine-fish play dragon formation..."

"You really..." Mu Feng also spoke with some difficulty.

Because from getting along with Xiao Yan, Mu Feng also knew that this Xiao Yan looked extremely gentle, but the arrogance radiating from his bones could not be concealed!

Such people will become great in the future!

Mu Feng was also shocked in his heart, but Mu Feng did not choose a strong guardian to challenge like Xiao Yan. After all, Mu Feng is also aware of his current state. If he is forced to be strong, it will also have great harm to his future path. .

"No!" Facing Xiao Yan's comfort, Mu Yingying did not waver at all.

"I have more than 50% confidence, and I still have an immortal body. If I don't succeed at that time, I can do it all by retreating." Xiao Yan looked at Mu Yingying's concern, and it was inexplicable, but Xiao Yan However, it was unexpected that Xiao Yan's careless care for Mu Yingying these days made this pure Mu Yingying feel more emotional than her classmates towards Xiao Yan.

"It's almost too late, so it's settled."

"Only by defeating the nine-pattern goldfish guardian, can we gain control of the nine-fish dragon formation..."

"And I'm also worried that the Xuanling royal family will secretly give something to the two brothers and sisters Xiaoshou and Da Fatang. There is only this way." Xiao Yan also interrupted Mu Yingying who was just about to speak out.

"You..." Mu Yingying was also angry, she kindly didn't allow Xiao Yan to do such a dangerous thing, this Xiao Yan was good, she wanted to go!

At this time, Mu Yingying was also a little bit petulant in her heart.

"Go!" With a plan, Xiao Yan no longer hesitated, and then a milky white grudge went towards the tray of the silver dragon with seven fish rings.

I just came into contact with the silver dragon with seven fish rings, and the milky white battle qi is three, and then I go to the top of the silver dragon's head and three positions on the abdomen!

The next moment, three fish with various colors also slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's hands.

"Breakthrough!"

"Just touching this nine-pattern goldfish this cold feeling permeates the whole body..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but shiver.

Mu Yingying also held the five-striped goldfish in her hand, and the next moment she felt the cold power emanating from the five-striped goldfish. Her face paled slightly, and blue flames slowly appeared all over her body. The appearance of the flames made Mu Yingying's complexion a little better.

Mu Feng was holding the four-patterned goldfish, which was the same experience as Xiao Yan and the others. The dark blue light from his whole body shone brightly, barely suppressing the spreading cold aura.

As Xiao Yan took the nine-patterned goldfish, Mu Yingying took the five-patterned goldfish, and Mu Feng took the four-patterned goldfish, the silver dragon on the tray at this time was also tightly surrounded by four remaining fish. The silver dragon also exudes a terrifying aura, but it seems as if he is covered in dust and refuses to wake up.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Now that you've decided, let's go."

"If we lose, then we will spend time. Any one of us who breaks through the guardian will help you." Xiao Yan also said slowly, obviously this sentence was for the two of them.

"Let's go!" The three of them also knew that it took a lot of time. After getting the fish, they didn't stop there too much. Instead, they flew out of the basin of the Nine Fish Opera Dragon Formation in an instant and came to the commanding heights. Then they each headed towards one channel!

This moment is the real time to race against time!

Ask for tickets!