Chapter Vol 2 763: 3 The Secret of the Pavilion Master

As the turmoil of refining medicinal pills passed, the Fenxiang Pavilion returned to calm.

Immediately, the rumors were confirmed that there were ruins, but there was still a month before the specific news of the ruins came out.

During this month, the entire Xuansan three days could be described as changing the color of the situation.

First is the Wanhua Pavilion.

In the Wanhua Pavilion, with the disappearance of the pavilion owner who was in charge of all kinds of things, all affairs in the pavilion are now handled by the deputy pavilion owner Hua Yun, but the deputy pavilion owner Hua Yun simply used some secret means to know that the pavilion owner did not appear. Crisis, this time away, was apparently just dealing with some personal issues.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Second Master, what do you think Master did she do?" In a quiet room, Yueru asked Hua Yundao obediently.

"Ru'er, what do you think is the most difficult thing in this world?" Facing Yueru's question, Hua Yun skillfully avoided her and asked immediately.

"The hardest?"

"It should be cultivation. After all, ordinary people want to cultivate to fighting immortals like Master and the others. Regardless of their talent background, I don't know what year they need to be." Yueru thought for a while, not knowing why her second master asked this question.

"Hehe, I used to be just the little maid next to the pavilion master. Thanks to the pavilion master, I did not dislike it. I followed the pavilion master all the way to the north and south, and finally I have the strength I am today."

"The pavilion master has always been proud and has a lifelong dream of being a hero, but when we traveled south and north, we met a lot of people, and there are not a few outstanding people among them."

"Among those people, Fen Tian, ​​the owner of the Fenxiang Pavilion, is the most prominent."

"Back then, the pavilion master was arrogant and arrogant, but he was completely embarrassed by this person named Fen Tian, ​​and finally came here to start a sect and set up Wanhua Pavilion."

"And the purpose of the pavilion's establishment of Wanhua Pavilion is to give us sisters a place to belong, which is why there are no men in our Wanhua Pavilion, because the pavilion owner was hurt too deeply by Fen Tian. "Hua Yun said word by word, all the resentment towards Fen Tian came out of his words.

However, Yueru was a little puzzled. Since the second master was so cruel to Fentian, why did Fentian come here a few days ago, and the second brother still helped Fentian to speak? This obviously doesn't make sense.

"Fen Tian has been wild and unrestrained and loves freedom all his life. He first provoked our pavilion master, and later provoked the poison sect master."

"The pavilion owner back then was also a kind-hearted and soft-hearted woman. It was only with the appearance of the poisonous sect lord that the pavilion owner's personality changed." Hua Yun continued.

"Yes." Yueru nodded slightly when she heard the words.

After coming to Wanhua Pavilion for so many days, I have been cultivating under the guidance of my master, the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion. I can feel my master's hatred for men invisibly.

"Ugh."

"Forget it, these things will be discussed with you in detail in the future. Your top priority now is to cultivate well and wait for the news of the ruins in a month."

"When the news of the ruins comes out, I am afraid that the pavilion master will also come back." Hua Yun said slightly.

"Thank you second master." Yue Ru heard the words, and immediately responded sweetly.

"What happened to your inheritor?" Hua Yun seemed to know that he had said too much, and then changed the subject.

"Now I have met the five-star Dou Emperor who is consummated and wants to transcend the calamity, but this transcendence doesn't seem to be as easy as other cultivators." Yueru shook her head, unable to figure out the reason for this.

"Don't worry, I believe that the ruins will solve this problem this time." Hua Yun immediately comforted him upon hearing this.

After all, the pavilion master once said that the matter of the inheritor of Yueru will be resolved in this relic. Although I don’t know what the specific matter is, but with the pavilion master’s fighting power, it is naturally not wrong.

"Yes." She agreed gently, then Yueru said goodbye to her second master, left here, and walked towards her residence.

"Xiao Yan, I wonder how you are doing now?"

"We parted at the beginning, but..." Every time Yueru thought of the full mouth with a heavy ruler on her back, facing the enemy with no fear at all, a smile appeared at the corner of her mouth.

"This is the forbidden area of ​​our Wanhua Pavilion. No one will disturb you. If you have something to say, please tell me." In a forbidden area in Wanhua Pavilion, the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion, Fen Tian and Poison Sect sect three people. The figure slowly appeared here.

"Yun, actually I..." Fen Tian felt a little bit, and found that it was exactly as Hua Yun said, and the next moment, Fen Tian blurted out.

"you?"

"What's the matter with you?" Hua Xin said in a somewhat amused manner.

After speaking, Hua Xin stared at the Poison Sect Sect Master with bad intentions.

The Sect Master of the Poison Sect had a veil covering his face slightly at this time, but there was a helpless, wry smile on the corner of his mouth.

"Fentian, I'll give you a chance."

"Let's talk about something here."

"After speaking, you will be the pavilion master of your Burning Incense Pavilion, and I will be my pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion, and the two will not owe each other!" Hua Xinqian said in a rather unkind tone.

"Hey, Xin'er, I'm sorry for you." Fen Tian glanced apologetically at the Poison Sect's Sect Master, and then opened his mouth.

"Fen Tian, ​​don't make a fool of yourself here!" Hua Xin was deeply injured by Fen Tian, ​​so she was extremely angry when she saw Fen Tian and Bing Xin together at the same time!

why!

In terms of appearance, figure, and strength!

Where are you worse than Bingxin?

Why did Fentian choose her instead of himself!

"Let me tell you." Bing Xin was cold and arrogant, but she also understood too many things from Fen Tian's eyes just now.

"Yes, some things are not yours after all. Sympathy and love are two different things." Bing Xin thought slowly in her heart.

"Hua Xin, You just thought that Fen Tian abandoned you back then, but now I can tell you blatantly that Fen Tian didn't abandon you back then, and Fen Tian and I are innocent. "Bing Xin tore off her tulle directly and said to Hua Xin with a slight stubbornness.

"impossible."

"You lied to me!"

"At the beginning, I let myself be young, and for the words of this heartless man, I waited for a full hundred years!"

"A hundred years, if it wasn't for the last time I went to the wasteland and saw the two of you get married in person, I would never have believed this!" Hua Xin said obviously very emotionally.

"Some things, seeing is not necessarily believing." To this, Bing Xin said with disdain.

"Hahaha!"

"Fentian, Bingxin, now the two of you have joined forces to deceive me."

"Is it true that the pavilion master is so easy to deceive?" Hua Xin became excited and shouted loudly.

"Hua Xin, calm down."

"I came here today to explain this matter clearly, and I don't want to let it get dusty. If you don't listen, I will turn my head and leave!" Hearing what he said, he snorted immediately.

"you say!"

"Today, I want to see, what the **** is going on!" Hua Xin was so shocked by Bing Xin, she calmed down immediately, and then looked at Bing Xin quietly.

Ask for tickets!