Chapter Vol 2 792: Emperor Leopard!

"Deal!" As Xiao Yan's echo slowly echoed in the purple bamboo forest, the tone of hatred for the old monster became more relaxed.

Although the hated old monster has enough confidence that Xiao Yan will not refuse, but now hearing Xiao Yan's answer, he can't help but laugh.

At this time, Xiao Yan's heart became complicated!

Originally, Xiao Yan had no intention of running away, just to extort more of the hated boss, but how could he think that the hated boss could see through his own problem at a glance!

My main problem now is the strength of life!

Xiao Yan's current strength has reached the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation. According to normal circumstances, the general strength reaching the Five-Star Dou Emperor Consummation will lead to passing the Six-Star Dou Emperor Life Tribulation. Birth force!

The power of life is more powerful than the fighting spirit!

It may be rude to say that Xiao Yan had cultivated Dou Qi in Dou Qi Continent before, but when he came to Dou Di Continent, Dou Qi has gradually turned into Emperor Qi, but Xiao Yan didn’t pay too much attention to it. The strong, the emperor's qi changes and becomes the power of life!

The power of life is more powerful than Dou Qi or Emperor Qi! There is no doubt about that!

This is also the biggest problem plaguing Xiao Yan at the moment. I can't think of how Xiao Yan would not be surprised if he was told by the hated old monster in this ruin.

"Hehe, don't look at me, I can say it, I have enough confidence." The hated old monster looked at Xiao Yan's surprised eyes, seemed to know his surprise, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Your situation is extremely special. If I didn't know from some places in the ruins, I'm afraid I can only do nothing now."

"But all you need to know is that I have a solution," said the hated boss.

"But what you want to know, you should wait until it's done." Hate the old monster is very sensible and hesitant. On the one hand, he let Xiao Yan know that he really has enough capital to help him, and on the other hand, he did not finish his words.

"Let's go then, go early and return early." Xiao Yan heard the words and knew that the old hater was also a cunning old fox, so he didn't say more, just shrugged and smiled.

"Yingying, you stay here and take Leng Fuyao back. I'll be back in a while." Xiao Yan instructed and then spoke.

"En." Mu Yingying nodded slightly when she heard the words, and then said that she also knew that this trip was dangerous, so she knew that Xiao Yan was concerned about her not letting her go.

"Let's go." Hate the old monster is not in a hurry, only after Xiao Yan has arranged things, he speaks.

After speaking, the figures of the two of them flickered directly, and then they disappeared directly into the Purple Bamboo Forest.

"Where did you suppress the demon beast?" Xiao Yan asked, chasing the hated old monster along the way.

"It's in the Purple Bamboo Forest. The purpose of this Purple Bamboo Forest is to cover up the monsters. The other two old monsters thought this was where I lived, but they didn't know that this was where I kept the monsters in captivity." He smiled slowly.

As long as you devour this beast, your injuries will be healed, and then...

Thinking of this, the hated old monster is a little excited. After all, he has been trapped in this ruin for thousands of years, and I am afraid that the human world has become unremarkable.

"He's really a daring guy." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say something after hearing this.

"Let's go!" After a while, the old hater brought Xiao Yan to the depths of the Zizhu Forest.

The Purple Bamboo Forest here is different from other places, and Xiao Yan noticed the difference at a glance.

The other Purple Bamboo Forests, although strange, are far from making Xiao Yan feel strange, but the Purple Bamboo Forest here actually made Xiao Yan feel an extremely fierce aura.

"It's here," said the hated boss.

"Senior, wait a minute, I'm afraid it will go on like this..."

"It's better to apply a layer of defense to me." Xiao Yan was also not afraid of ridicule, and said directly and cheekily.

"You..." The hated old monster heard the words and wanted to slap Xiao Yan to death, but he had to gnash his teeth and put a layer of defense on Xiao Yan before stepping forward slightly.

"Be careful, this time with you, I won't go down with the medicinal materials."

"I originally planned to plant these medicinal materials to refine the shape-changing pill, to lure the emperor leopard to swallow it, and take it away when it was weak. Unexpectedly, this beast is extremely cunning, and it failed several times.

"But with you here this time, I don't need these things," said the hateful old monster.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan naturally wanted to show some strength, and immediately did not hesitate.

Seeing that Xiao Yan was ready, the hated old monster immediately looked around, as if he had sensed the positions of the other two old monsters, and did not feel any abnormality, so he was relieved.

"Let's go." The hated old monster just finished speaking, and suddenly the seemingly flat purple bamboo forest in front of the two suddenly retreated, and then a road leading to the ground was revealed!

"Good guy!" After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes lit up slightly, and he was quite surprised.

If this passage is in the outside world, it would be fine, but if you want to get such a passage in the ruins here, I am afraid that it will cost a lot of manpower and material resources.

"Don't be surprised What's more surprising is still to come." After saying that, the hated old monster directly took the lead and walked around.

As the hated old monster walked towards the ground, Xiao Yan hesitated for a while, leaving a trace of soul power around the purple bamboo forest so that Mu Yingying and the others could find him, and then followed closely.

"Cuckoo!" The hated old monster walked in front. After the two entered the underground passage, the Purple Bamboo Forest was also closing, as if the sky was hard to detect.

"What a big hand." Xiao Yan and the two just walked for a while, and then the display became more open!

Because what appeared in front of Xiao Yan at this time was an extremely huge hole, and the trees were overgrown with mountains and mountains, which looked like a miniature version of Moonlight Island.

"Hehe, when I met the Emperor Leopard, I almost died under its claws, but I was lucky, and I spent a lot of money to get this underground." The hated old monster immediately laughed.

"I don't know where the Emperor Leopard is..." Xiao Yan glanced around, but did not find the Emperor Leopard mentioned by the hated old monster, and immediately said.

"Hey, where is the Emperor Leopard's words." The hated old monster grinned when he heard this, and then pointed to a very tall hill in front of him.

And Xiao Yan's eyes also followed the fingers of the hated old monster.

It was a rather splendid hill. On the hill, there were weeds all over it, and the peak was uneven. It seemed to be several dozen meters long, but the higher he looked, the more Xiao Yan felt that a chill was sprouting in his body.

"Imperial Leopard?" The next moment, when Xiao Yan finished scanning the photo, he exclaimed!

At the same time, a terrifying aura like the awakening of a giant dragon also spread out! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: