Chapter 666: solve

"team leader!"

"Light!" Upon seeing this, the other four teammates of the Dawning team immediately shouted at the place where the light road was fighting!

It has to be said that the cooperation between the four members of the Dawning team is absolutely seamless. Although Mu Yingying has the holy flame, she cannot exert the true power of the holy flame. In addition, there is no cooperation with Lingxuan. The two deal with the dawn. The team of four is still extremely difficult.

Now that the four members of the Dawning Team have diverted their attention because they are worried about the light path, the pressure on Mu Yingying has eased.

"How is it?" Mu Yingying immediately said to Ling Xuan who was beside her, not caring about Xiao Yan's situation.

Although this Lingxuan is not a good person, there is no doubt about her strength in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. Even with the strength of life and the endless terrifying fighting skills, she will have a chance to fight against the average Six-Star Dou Emperor in the late stage. force!

"I'm fine, the cooperation of these four is too tight, we must think of other ways, otherwise we won't be able to hold on until Xiao Yan defeats Guang Lu." Ling Xuan said, and then her beautiful eyes turned slightly.

"We are like this..." The next moment, Ling Xuan and Mu Yingying whispered as if they were planning something.

As for Mufeng and Lvdi, they had already withdrawn from the battle because they consumed too much vindictive energy.

"Cough, cough!" Under Xiao Yan's fierce attack, Guanglu's neat clothes had extremely obvious wrinkles, and even there were scars on his body!

"Xiao Yan, I have to say that you are very strong, but that's it!" Guanglu's aura suddenly shook, obviously being irritated by Xiao Yan's soul attack just now.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan suddenly stared at the light road not far from the light road. For some reason, the faint terrifying fluctuations emanating from the light road caused Xiao Yan to be slightly startled.

"Let's show you the strength of a real six-star Doudi perfected powerhouse!" After Guanglu finished speaking, the dazzling white energy suddenly flowed from his body!

The white energy of life was condensed into three white light balls!

The upper white light ball spins at high speed directly on the surface of the light path body!

Every rotation of the three white light spheres drives extremely terrifying power!

"I didn't expect my teammates to even use this. This is what the captain has worked hard to do to deal with the guys in the ground team..." Qianzhang opened his mouth slightly, with a hint of fear in his voice. Facing Guanglu's methods, Even if he can only temporarily avoid the edge!

"This Xiao Yan's strength is really terrifying. When he knew that he was a pharmacist, he should have reminded Guanglu to pay attention. It was still a miscalculation, but nothing happened!" Seeing this, Anli calmed down slightly, obviously a little The taste of self-blame.

"Since the teammates have already made a real move, it is not good for us to hide and tuck."

"Do your best to defeat these two." Tan Shaoyang's eyes exuded a very arrogant arrogance.

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as the voice fell, the four of them suddenly attacked Mu Yingying and Mu Yingying!

The two of Mu Yingying resisted as hard as they did just now, but they exchanged glances from time to time, as if they were conveying some kind of information!

"What is this?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but be slightly taken aback. Obviously, this was the first time he saw Guanglu's situation.

"It's okay to tell you that every person who breaks through the six-star Dou Emperor's life calamity will more or less give birth to the power of birth in his body. The power of birth that is born replaces the fighting qi, because it is stronger and more lethal than the fighting qi!"

"However, the strength of life also has the same attributes as the fighting spirit!"

"My attribute is wind!"

"As for the three white pieces in front of me, I cultivated them out!"

"The attributes of the power of life, generally only the seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouses will be born!" After Guanglu finished speaking, the pride between the lines became even more arrogant, but the three white **** of the power of life that were spinning at a high speed exuded a burst of energy. It made Xiao Yan shudder!

"What this guy said is not bad. Generally, the power of the six-star Dou Emperor is only beginning to take shape in the body. Only after breaking through the seven-star Dou Emperor, the energy in the body will be divided into attributes like Dou Qi."

"This guy is just a complete six-star Dou Emperor, and the energy in his body already has the wind attribute. It can be seen that his talent is extraordinary. If it goes on for a long time, I am afraid that he will grow into a strong man that cannot be underestimated!" Xinyan is quite The way of praise.

"Damn, this guy's life force is too terrifying, I'm afraid I can't break through his outermost life force right now..." Xiao Yan stared at Guanglu and said immediately.

"Hehe, I have my own way of doing this. Although the strength of life is more powerful than fighting qi, there is no doubt that compared to your emperor's flame, it can only be regarded as eight pounds. After all, even if you don't use holy flame, it is only you. This Emperor Yan is not easy!" After Xinyan finished speaking, a message entered Xiao Yan's mind!

"So it is!" Xiao Yan understood the meaning of Xinyan in the next moment, and then followed Guanglu to learn!

"Boom boom boom!" Not long after, Xiao Yan's body, the same three brilliant fiery red Dou Qi **** spun violently, each rotation will bring extremely violent flames!

"You!" When Guanglu saw this, Xiao Yan was actually stealing his tricks, he was immediately a little angry and then looked at Xiao Yan indignantly!

"Come on, let me see how powerful you are, the six-star Dou Emperor you are proud of!" In the next instant, Xiao Yan's strength in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor had risen to the peak, and the ancient ruler of the eternal fire emitted from his hand. A burst of dazzling flame shouted to the light path!

"Today, I'll let you know, the gap between the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation and the Late Six-Star Dou Emperor!"

"Fengji-Rosh!" With a loud shout, the three white **** condensed by the energy of life on Guanglu's body suddenly shot at Xiao Yan like a soul-chasing death!

The space passing through on the way is extremely shocking because of the too huge force!

"It's such a terrifying fluctuation..."

"but……"

"Stone gravel burial!" A strange smile suddenly appeared at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and then an indescribable flame that purifies the world suddenly erupted from Xiao Yan's body!

At the same time, on the ground, bursts of rubble rose to the ground, and the sand and rocks were blown away, which was extremely shocking!

"This is..." Guanglu was still winning, but at this time, his pupils suddenly shrank tightly, and a fear filled his heart!

With the noble status of Guanglu, it is natural to know from the moment that the yellow flame on Xiao Yan's body appeared, that it was the holy flame!

"It's actually the power of holy flame?"

"So, the incurable disease that has plagued Guanglu's father for hundreds of years has already taken hold." Anli, who had already pushed Mu Yingying and Lingxuan into a desperate situation, said in disbelief!

"Boom boom boom!" At this moment, in the sky, Guanglu's three white life-like powers and Xiao Yan's rock-shattering burial were about to collide together!

A shocking scene appeared in this space! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: