Chapter Vol 4 1635: Escape with treasure!

"It seems that the strength is not at the peak now, and it is still difficult to obliterate this guy." In the world of swallowing, the power of swallowing is extremely dark, but unfortunately it is the attack of the Lord of Soul Eater and the attack of Fang Hao, both of which are evenly matched. The Lord of Souls said, after all, the Lord of Soul Eater is also concerned, so he cannot use all his strength, otherwise the Lord of Soul Eater at this time is enough to completely obliterate Fang Hao.

"It seems that we can only do this first." After Shun breath, the Lord of Soul Eater in the black air mass glanced at the Qidu Soul Inducing Cup located in the two ancient trees in the sky, and smiled slowly, and there was already something in his heart. some plans.

"Weng Om!" In the black world of devouring, the mysterious and unpredictable power of devouring spreads out, and the power of the Soul Eater is also amplified a lot. Although Fang Hao is in his peak state, he faces a world as strong as one. Lord, there is also a lack of energy in the heart.

"Teacher's strength is really mysterious." Xiao Yan's eyes immediately froze when he realized that both the dark-black thunder beam and the power of devouring had both perished.

"Hush!" After a while, in the world of devouring, once the inconspicuous black qi disappeared into Xiao Yan's mind, it was a plan of the Soul Eater.

"Hehe." Xiao Yan said with a wistful smile when he heard the words, and immediately took advantage of the cover of the Devouring Realm to move towards the Qidu Soul Tractor.

"Fang Hao, the master of the West Temple, really lives up to his reputation." For such a strong man who is close to the peak, he knows the depth of the fight with one blow, and immediately the attack falls. facing each other.

Fang Hao's thunder giant axe in the palm of his hand exudes majestic power, and he is always alert to the Lord of Soul Eater, who is shrinking in the black air mass, but it looks like Fang Hao.

"Although this guy is seriously injured and is not in his peak state, I am afraid that I can't kill him with the current me. It seems that he can only be imprisoned temporarily. Immediately notify the Lord of Li Soul, and the adults should be very happy when they find out."

"Susu." In the blink of an eye, Fang Hao's pupils shrank tightly, and the giant axe in his hand burst into bursts of thunder, filling the black world of devouring. Obviously, at this time, he has decided to use all his strength.

"Thunder Axe... Sky Locking Slash!" In an instant, countless thunders appeared in Fang Hao's pupils, and immediately raised his hands, the Thunder Axe was raised above his head, and a roar, containing suffocating violent energy, suddenly disappeared from the Thunder Axe. The air filled the air, and at that time, countless overwhelming power of thunder, with a very obscure imprisoning power, flew towards the Lord of Soul Eater.

"This kind of fluctuation... has reached the top level of immortal arts, but it is still a little warmer from that realm."

"Soul come!"

"The ghost is coming!"

"The Domain of Soul Eater, swallow the sky and devour the earth!" Seeing this powerful blow, the Lord of Soul Eater did not panic at all. In the black air mass, a dark palm slowly protruded out, and immediately there were countless numbers in the world of swallowing. The devouring power of , like a pool of black liquid, gathered towards the palm of the hand.

"Swallow the sky?"

"do not care!"

"Destroy the sky!" In an instant, with the appearance of the strange black liquid from the Lord of Soul Eater, Fang Hao's expression became extremely nervous, and more surging power in the body was permeating, because the Lord of Soul Eater was displaying at this time. The strength actually caused the pores in his body to shrink suddenly, as if he had experienced the fluctuation of death himself.

"Boom!" A deafening voice emerged from the Thunder Axe, and Fang Hao didn't hesitate, Lei in his pupils directly locked on the Soul Eater, and silver lines appeared on the palm of his hand, and bursts of even more bizarre power were in the air. Injected into the Thunder Axe, then with heavy force with both hands, slashed away at the Lord of Soul Eater.

It seemed like an understatement, but it was filled with a mysterious power that eclipsed the world.

"Boom boom boom!" A dazzling light, full of thousands of meters in size, the black thunder is like a demon that devours everything. Wherever it goes, the energy of heaven and earth collapses in an instant, and even the power of devouring in the world of devouring is slowly destroyed. decomposition.

"Swallow the sky!"

"Swallow it for this king!" Seeing this, the Lord of Soul Eater was not surprised but delighted, and said with a smile.

"Weng buzzing!" The voice just fell, and on the palm of the Lord of Soul Eater, a black liquid only the size of a slap exploded directly at Fang Hao's thousand-zhang Leimang, and the imposing thousand-zhang Leimang was actually in The faint black liquid was losing ground.

"Look at me!" In an instant, as Fang Hao focused all his attention on the Master of Soul Eater, Xiao Yan, who was hiding in the dark, also laughed strangely. package, so he easily passed the mysterious restriction of the two ancient trees in the sky and came to the round wooden table.

"This is the Qidu Inducing Soul Cup..." Watching this treasure in the ghost world from a close distance, the corners of Xiao Yan's mouth became dry, and even the spiritual palace in his body trembled, as if he was extremely afraid generally!

"Wait...what fluctuation?" Just as Xiao Yan was about to start, an itch appeared between Xiao Yan's brows. This was an itch that originated from the depths of his soul, which made Xiao Yan quite nervous. uncomfortable.

"Could this thing have something to do with our Xiao family?" After a brief thought, Xiao Yan wondered.

After Xiao Yan's short-term observation and speculation, it seems that the Qidu Inducing Soul Cup is not naturally formed, but somewhat artificially manufactured by future generations, and when Xiao Yan came to this thing, there was a sense of A rather cordial feeling, this feeling suddenly emerged from the center of his eyebrows.

At the center of the eyebrows, there is not only the Xiao clan tattoo, but also the place where Yan Luo lives in the ten halls of the Xiao clan.

"It doesn't matter... take this thing away first." He scratched his head and put all his worries behind him for a while. On Xiao Yan's palm, hot holy flames permeated. Obviously, he wanted to contaminate such treasures. Flame is the most sacred thing in the world.

"Ring Ling Ling!" Xiao Yan Shengyan started, and suddenly the rather quiet Qidu Diversion Soul Lamp was like facing an enemy. The seven wicks actually flashed three faint flames, and a burst of energy instantly~www .mtlnovel.com~ directly into Xiao Yan's body!

"..." Xiao Yan and his eyes met closely, his pupils shrank tightly, the pores all over his body shrank in an instant, and the spiritual palace in his body became chaotic for a while!

"Ah ah ah..."

"Quiet me down!" After a while, the ninth-floor spiritual palace in Xiao Yan's body, the dazzling soul power in the second-floor spiritual palace that had already been filled, flew around like a bereaved dog, and the source of this fluctuation was astonishingly. Because of the weak energy generated by the three wicks above the Qidu Divine Soul Lamp!

"Weng buzzing!" At the same time, a golden pattern appeared quietly between Xiao Yan's eyebrows, and even at the moment when this golden pattern appeared, a trace of profound soul power directly emerged and strung into Xiao Yan's Ling Palace.

And with this sudden scene, Xiao Yan's agitation caused by the Qidu Inducing Soul Lamp became quiet in an instant, and even at this time, the three wicks on the Qidu Inducing Soul Lamp disappeared instantly, and Zaidu returned to his normal appearance.

"Guru." With a sound, Xiao Yan didn't have time to think, he carefully put the Qidu Yinhunzhan in front of his chest, and ran straight away!

If it wasn't for the mysterious power released by the fleeting clan marks, I'm afraid that he would be instantly wiped out by the Qidu soul-inducing lamp, and at this time Xiao Yan had no time to think about why the Qidu spirit-inducing lamp would be like this after the appearance of the clan marks. Because at this time, a ferocious man broke free from the shackles of the Devouring Realm, with a violent aura like a beast, and shot at Xiao Yan suddenly!