Chapter Vol 4 1794: Detect conspiracy!

"My lord...you have something to say." Looking at the gray flame on Xiao Yan's body, Feng You's pupils shrank tightly. The fear of death caused his legs and feet to tremble uncontrollably. Bean-sized sweat kept dripping. Really terrified.

Just with Xiao Yan's ability to defeat one demon guard and six evil guards so effortlessly just now, Feng You knew that he had no chance of winning, but what Xiao Yan didn't know was that he also possessed the four-color holy flame and The terrifying combat power blessed by the swallowing flame technique made him a little unexpected.

"Three questions." Xiao Yan calmly stretched out two fingers, the soul shadow on his body and the power of the holy flame shrouded together, the tyrannical oppression made Feng You's breathing become dignified, it seemed that his life and death were only in Xiao Yan's thoughts between.

"My lord, please, the little one must know everything and say everything." Feng You heard the words, secretly relieved, and looked at Xiao Yan attentively.

"How much combat power is there here?"

"I'm talking about the powerhouses above the six-star Dou Xian." Xiao Yan said.

"Reporting to the lord, this is the lair of the fifth sin of our sin, Lord Sima. The strength of the lord should be at the level of the six-star Dou Xian perfection. In addition, there are seven sinners assisting the lord, and I am only one of the seven. The person with the weakest combat power is in charge of patrolling, and in the lair, there are about ten people above the six-star Dou Xian, and there are only three people in the seven-star Dou Xian."

"And here is a huge laboratory and a prison. There are countless humans and sea beasts detained in the prison. They were all secretly captured by Lord Marr and used for some unknowing experiments." Feng You He didn't dare to conceal the slightest bit, and after he finished speaking, he looked at Xiao Yan tightly, for fear that Xiao Yan would kill him if he said anything wrong.

"You did those strange things in Shuiyuan City?" After Xiao Yan heard this, his guesses became somewhat certain, he snorted coldly, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Yes Yes."

"The fishermen in Shuiyuan City go out to fish, and every time the strong men of some mercenary groups go out to sea, they will be captured by us and imprisoned in the lair as a test item for adults to do experiments, but some guys It was lucky to break free from our control and escaped back to Shuiyuan City before biting happened."

"What's the matter with the biting thing and the devil guard?"

"The Demon Guard and the Evil Guard are the masterpieces of the failed and semi-finished products tested by the adults. The rest of the subordinates really don't know about it..."

"..." After asking, Xiao Yan also had a general understanding of some strange things about Shuiyuan City.

Things in the Devil's Sea are the masterpieces of the Fifth Sin Division's subordinates, and they have occupied this place for decades, obviously not for such an extremely bland biting thing, they are probably planning some terrifying feast.

"The last question, where is Marr?" After a while, Xiao Yan said directly without wasting any time.

"Master Mar is now at the bottom of the lair. The experiment has reached the last step. Master Mar cannot be cloned, so it is also the time when Master Mar is the weakest..." Feng You looked at Xiao Yan cautiously, expecting him to let him go.

"Huuuuu!" After Xiao Yan heard this, he turned his head away without looking back, and immediately walked towards the door of the test product. The most urgent task was to go to the bottom of the lair to find out, because Xiao Yan always felt that this Marr seemed to be a lunatic , the things he studies, I am afraid it will not be so simple.

"Thank you very much for the grace of not killing sir." Watching Xiao Yan leave, Feng You hurriedly overjoyed, his body wriggled, trying to leave here directly, as long as he left here, as his criminal, he would naturally be able to make Xiao Yan have a hundred kinds of things way to die.

"Shabu Shabu!" And Xiao Yan just went to the entrance of the laboratory. In the laboratory, a ghostly shadow, like a **** of death reaping his life, gently drifted past Feng You, and suddenly this mighty Feng You was caught He was completely obliterated. As for obliterating him, it was probably the Fire Guard Master who had been hiding around Xiao Yan. Like a shadow elf, he was always looking for an opportunity to strike a fatal blow.

"I happen to be holding this guy's clothes. Adding ghost face and soul flames can disguise my breath a little bit. You can go down and have a look. I hope it won't be too scary." whispered.

As Xiao Yan went further down, Sheng Yan's vibrating aura became stronger, as if there were some demons below, and Xiao Yan was extremely puzzled by this, even if he encountered a demon of the same level as a demon from outside the realm in the past. Even the powerhouse of the evil race, Sheng Yan did not have such a violent reaction...

Could it be that the creature or something below is more powerful than the Demon of Light?

Reincarnation level?

But if there is a reincarnation-level extraterritorial evil powerhouse below, the peak powerhouse in the human center should not sit idly by...

Weird thoughts that made Xiao Yan feel uncomfortable all appeared slowly.

After a while, Xiao Yan followed the dark passage and slowly walked towards the bottom of the lair. The further down he went, a sense of dampness arose, and bursts of screams and screams continued to emerge from the walls of the two passages, even Xiao Yan. With the power of the soul, it was also found that many of the strong men held in this prison seemed to be transported away urgently towards the bottom.

"Fengyou, what are you doing?"

"Didn't Master Gamma ask you to execute the guy with the soul power of the fairyland?"

"How are things going?" Just as Xiao Yan was walking around cautiously, the next moment he turned a corner, a man dressed exactly like Feng You asked Xiao Yan.

"Hehe...Although it's a bit tricky, it's been solved." Xiao Yan grinned and said, in order not to be discovered by this criminal, he didn't say much, for fear of revealing some drawbacks.

"I don't see that you are quite a douchebag." Another criminal said with a smile.

"How is the adults' experiment going?" Xiao Yan asked with concern.

"It has come to the final stage, Lord Gamma sent me to pick you up..." The sinner said In this case, I have to hurry down and guard the adults. After all, at this critical moment, no one can let anyone people disturb adults. After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he was ready to go down.

"Go ahead, your tyrannical wind attribute can help adults very well. It seems that some guys have entered the Soul Palace in the lair. I have to go out and have a look." As soon as the voice fell, the two sinners parted ways, but it was only The criminal who had just met Xiao Yan was probably infinitely close to the Six-Star Dou Xian Consummation.

"This Soul Palace is really haunted... But that's fine, let you all come to this muddy water to attract sin's attention, or let me take a look at what's in the fifth sin, Sima Gourd. What kind of medicine are you selling?" As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan's figure was like a ghost, heading towards the bottom of the nest.

At this time, on the sea area around the devil's lair, countless sea beasts had already been controlled at the quiet speed above the water surface. Their empty eyes stared at the bottom of the devil's lair, and a panic spread out from their pupils, while their empty eyes stared at the bottom of the devil's lair. Above the sea, dark green evil clouds are densely covered, and the evil wind is raging above the sea. Between the lightning and thunder, there is a vaguely shocking monster that is about to be born.

At the same time, the island of the devil's lair is the most fooled. Zhang Yu's figure is hidden in the middle of a rock, with his eyes closed and a small seat. On his chest, there is a dazzling pentagram, like the most dazzling blazing sun, blooming extremely sacred. The blazing brilliance of the fire, in the sacred brilliance, there seems to be a god's mansion, smashing the void and rushing towards here.

Like a god, like a mansion, unattainable and unmatched!

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.