Chapter Vol 4 2128: Death, immortality, rebirth, transformation! ...

Xuanling Continent, Xuanling Mountain, Endless Fire Territory Base Camp.

"Master Mistress, everything has been arranged according to your instructions."

"All martial law in the Endless Fire Territory, all the high-level recovery pills and spiritual auras in all the sects are gathered in our Xuanling Mountain, waiting for your dispatch?"

On the top of Xuanling Mountain, in the majestic serpent-shaped palace, Cailin and Mu Yingying were seated slightly, and several powerful men below spoke solemnly.

Naturally, they didn't know what they were doing, but they couldn't go against the wishes of the two mistresses, Cailin and Mu Yingying.

"Thank you for your hard work."

"Go down and be alert."

"The Endless Fire Territory has entered a special period, and all exchanges with the strong are interrupted, and no one is allowed to set foot here."

"Even if you pay for it with your life!"

"My snake people will be at the forefront of the battle."

Cailin's icy voice swept through the entire palace, instantly convincing countless hearts.

"Yes."

Listening to the words of the mistress, these high-level officials did not ask any further questions, and quietly left here to perform their respective duties.

"Sister Cailin..."

After the palace was empty, there was a rare sadness in Mu Yingying's eyes.

"Don't worry, it'll be fine this time."

"With the help of these medicinal pills and spiritual energy, the two of them were able to recover in a very short time."

At this time, Cai Lin slapped Mu Yingying's jade hand like a big sister, comforting her, her palm was squirming, and she used extremely obscure means to face the ring of recovery pills in front of her against the Endless Fire Territory. Projected underground.

"Senior Feng has already taken several strong men from our Endless Fire Territory towards the Holy See. This time, things are really beyond the control of the ancient races."

"Xiao Yan and Xun'er have been sent back by the ancients."

"The two of them are in a thousand-meter abyss under Xuanling Mountain, where there is a retreat specially tailored for them."

"Everything, wait until the two of them wake up."

Seeing Mu Yingying's suspicious expression, Cailin finally decided to tell her.

"They'll be fine."

Mu Yingying nodded solemnly.

"Don't worry, both of them seem to be undergoing some kind of special changes now. With the medicinal pills given by the ancient race and our resource support, they will wake up soon."

Yu Yin curled up, and the two of them lost their voices immediately, but the two girls knew that without Feng Lao, the endless fire area today is extremely dangerous, and this is also the most difficult step!

Once this tactic is seen through by the Holy See, the Holy See will send strong men to hunt down the Endless Fire Territory, and I am afraid that blood will flow into the river here!

But in this case, the Holy See is weak, and the battle between the ancient races and them can have a chance of survival!

In fact, this is all they are gambling!

...

At this moment, the entire Endless Fire Territory is highly tense. Countless guards, secretly and secretly, are alerting the core of the entire Endless Fire Territory, as if they are guarding against something.

"Wong Buzz!"

With the advent of the war, the entire Doudi Continent seemed unusually calm, and the hero who turned into a demon and defeated the red-clothed Archbishop Lacey with his own strength also ushered in his own journey.

Although the medicine family is good, they cannot give Xiao Yan the most perfect help. Coupled with the fact that several elders were afraid of the sudden attack of the Holy See, they did not hesitate to use great means to send Xiao Yan and Xun’er back to the endless fire domain. , firstly, for the sake of the two to regain their strength, and secondly, to save them for the point of no redemption.

If they fail, the younger generation of their respective races will be the last bloodline of their ancient race.

"This is... where?"

The memory of the demon Xiao Yan had just recovered a little. At this time, his body was lying quietly under a bottomless thousand-meter abyss in the endless fire zone.

This is in the endless fire area, and only the two masters have the authority to use the retreat room. It was constructed by the color scale at an extremely huge cost. Not to mention the degree of sturdiness and concealment, it is here that countless worlds can be gathered. Energy, or even the spiritual veins that provoke the Xuanling Continent, is enough to make countless people go crazy!

In the tight stone room, Xiao Yan's body was motionless, blood dripping all over his body, even his flesh and blood became blurred, and he could vaguely see the white bones under his skin, which was quite scary!

If it weren't for the protection of immortality and immortality, I am afraid that Xiao Yan would have completely fallen into the battle of the medicine world.

Immortal, terrifying!

Mysterious to the extreme!

Xiao Yan's body was extremely cold, like a beast that was on the verge of death. There was no movement at all, but his soul power broke away from his body and entered a different dimension world.

His memory still lingered that he used the power of Buddha's reincarnation to repel Lacey, but there was a power in his body that controlled his body like a real god, as if he was planning something, and then Xiao Yan had nothing He knew, but he could sense that his body seemed to be moved one after another, and he had no idea where he was now.

"The power of the fusion of holy flame and demon power is too terrifying. Fortunately, there is a full demon cube, and the demon power has not counteracted. Next, there is no full demon cube. If you use the power of the demon, I am afraid you will face extremely terrifying. backlash."

"But it's strange. The power that controlled my body at the last moment of the previous battle did not seem to come from the outside world, but from within my body."

"What is that?"

Xiao Yan walked quietly in the different-dimensional world, without any extra thought to pay attention to the sparkling water around him, he thought with all his heart.

At the time of the final battle, the reincarnation of the Buddha was enough to completely obliterate Lacey, but after the appearance of the mysterious power, the power of the reincarnation of the Buddha was greatly weakened.

Even Xiao Yan had an illusion, that kind of power was somewhat similar to the power of a demon?

And that kind of power is exactly the same at the end of the ancient clan's solution to the foreign evil clan!

The guy who shot at the last moment in the ancient clan and the mysterious power that controlled his body in the medicine world probably originated from the same place. As for whether it was done by the same person, Xiao Yan was not sure.

In this different dimension, endless deep black holes emerged, dark and dark, like purgatory.

Under his footsteps, there are rivers that cannot be touched. The river surface is sparkling, and a surging breath is released, which makes people feel depressed. At this time, Xiao Yan's illusory soul body is gently stepping on. on it.

"Where is this?"

Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering, but after feeling the weakening power in his body, he couldn't help shaking his head.

"Wong Buzz!"

Just when Xiao Yan was quite puzzled, in the stone chamber outside, there were faint gaps in the south and the north. Suddenly, a brown flame and a cyan river emerged continuously. Surrounded by Xiao Yan's skin that was riddled with holes.

At this time, the body of the demon was like a starving beast, its endless power was absorbed by it greedily, and at the heart of Xiao Yan's body, there was a rather mysterious fire fox, jumping slightly. The power of Xiao Yan swept through Xiao Yan's body.

With the nourishment of these powers, the wounds on the body also become weaker, and it seems to be recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The brown flame and cyan water were composed of countless recovery pills and energy from heaven and earth. They continuously supplied Xiao Yan with the purest power. In addition to Xiao Yan's own immortal power, and a touch of incomparable power in his body. Xuan Ao's holy flame source power, Xiao Yan today, rises in the flames.

That feeling is like a bleak phoenix, waiting for the moment of nirvana.

Phoenix Nirvana, or rebirth, when Xiao Yan succeeds in Nirvana, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's prestige will be spread far and wide in Dou Di Continent!

txt download address:

phone-reading: