Chapter Vol 4 864: main event

"Devil Whale, I didn't expect us to meet again." Seeing this, he smiled slightly.

"I can't see it, the treasure you got is quite a lot." The Demon Whale said with a smile. He naturally sensed some extremely obscure things on Xiao Yan's body.

"Okay, okay, let's get down to business." After a short while, following Xiao Yan's chat with the Demon Whale, Yutu suddenly said.

"Do you know why we brought you here?" The Demon Whale said suddenly.

"It should be as Tianshen said, about the two exalted foreigners, right?" Xiao Yan guessed slightly.

"You are quite smart." Yutu nodded slightly when he heard this.

However, Mu Yingying and Yue Ru, who were on the side, had a dignified feeling in their hearts.

Xiao Yan had said before that this venerable extraterritorial evil clan was comparable to the powerhouse of the peak human Dou Emperor, and the three of them were mostly six-star Dou Emperors, so they might not be of much use.

"Although the two of us have holy flames, our strength is only six-star Dou Di. Obviously, dealing with the evil race outside the territory is tantamount to sending them to death, right?" Xiao Yan saw that these people were sure, and immediately asked!

Since it is necessary to deal with foreign evil races, then it must be a good thing from these people, otherwise it will not be done in vain?

The two venerable alien races, that level of strength is...

"I know what the **** your kid is up to."

"But I have to tell you."

"There is no other benefit, it is to solve the two foreign evil clan, we can let this guy get the inheritance of Fairy Moon."

"As for you, to put it bluntly, it's just this woman's thug." The Demon Whale said with a smile.

"I don't do this business!" Seeing the Demon Whale say so, Xiao Yan immediately quit.

"The inheritance of the Fairy Moon, only those who are planted with the inheritance rune can touch, otherwise let alone you, even me, touch it and die!" Yutu said solemnly.

"Isn't this a scam..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and his head was covered with black lines.

"How many people are you pitting?" The Demon Whale said with a smile.

"Cough..." Xiao Yan said something a little embarrassed after hearing this.

"We don't know too much about the specific situation of the two extraterritorial evil races, but one thing is certain."

"The two of you will not be allowed to directly confront the foreign evil race."

"Just use the power of the holy flame of the two of you." The Demon Whale said.

"None of you control the fire attribute, are you going to deal with it?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Naturally it's not us, but don't worry, there must be someone." After the Demon Whale finished speaking, he cast his eyes on the stone wall beside him.

As the Demon Whale's gaze turned away, Xiao Yan and the others noticed the unusualness of this stone wall.

"Weng buzzing!" The yin wind blew from somewhere, causing an extremely mournful breath to emerge continuously, as if countless people were mourning, which was very strange.

On the stone wall, there are runes exuding mysterious power everywhere. Above those runes, there are extremely powerful prohibitions and ancient breaths, and they wrap the entire stone wall in front of them!

But all the runes show an inexplicable power, as if China Unicom has become a huge formation.

"What a powerful force." As a battle formation master, Xiao Yan naturally felt how powerful these formations condensed by special runes were in front of him!

According to Xiao Yan's guess, I am afraid that the powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di can be easily suppressed.

"How strong are the two exalted foreigners..." Xiao Yan said slightly as the voices of others fell.

"Open the door, and solve this confidant's trouble as soon as possible." After speaking, the demon whale and the jade rabbit exuded a silver crescent rune at the same time, and then a huge force attacked the stone wall, apparently preparing to open the passage to enter in.

And with the attack of the two, there was a trace of a slight opening somewhere on the stone wall.

At this time, inside the stone wall, this is the deepest part of the palace, and it is also the place to suppress the two extraterritorial evil races and store the inheritance of the Fairy Moon.

"Is anyone here?" Inside the stone wall is a rather desolate space. There is nothing in the space except a stone statue and a cage.

Feeling the gentle vibration from outside the stone wall, the woman who was bound in the cage opened her lips slightly and said.

And with the woman's mouth, there was actually some incomparable evil power emerging from the body.

"Go back!" The girl was very weak a moment ago, but when she saw the evil power the next moment, she let out a coquettish cry!

As soon as the voice fell, the pure power directly extinguished the evil power.

At the same time, the two heart-like black things behind the girl were beating, but they exuded a monstrous evil force.

"Bang bang bang!" The two hearts were beating faster and faster, and it was obvious that something was about to make them afraid.

"Strange, the undead Mingque should use this relic to leave. After all, he also has his own affairs to deal with."

"But who is it outside, who can make these two aliens so restless..."

"And I seem to feel a familiar aura, no..." Qian Ying said slightly but the two hearts behind her were beating strangely.

"Zhen!" Qian Ying's palm quickly condensed some mysterious power, and then in the empty hall, a silver force rushed away from the cage, and in a short moment, the restless heart returned to calm.

But the girl said: "These two guys, I hope not to wake up at this time, otherwise the consequences will be unimaginable." After speaking, her expression was extremely serious.

And as the two hearts behind the girl quieted down, the countless mysterious runes scattered throughout the hall also dimmed.

No matter how serious the girl was, when she saw the stone statue in front of her eyes, it was like a pool of tenderness and water, which made people feel like a dream.

"What a powerful seal." On the stone wall under the gate of the main hall, with the joint efforts of Jade Rabbit and the Demon Whale, a space large enough for everyone to enter gradually appeared.

"Come in!" Yutu said slightly, and then his face became solemn. Obviously, opening the stone wall of the seal was not a small burden for the two of them.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan did not hesitate between the three, he got up and burst into the room, and Tianshen followed suit.

The next moment, both the Jade Rabbit and the Demon Whale looked at each other, and then stopped.

The two of them had just closed their hands, but the sealing mouth that was enough to accommodate people was like a mouth, and closed instantly, but fortunately, the two of them swept in directly at the last closed moment.

"These guys actually use such a strong sealing power..." And as a group of people entered, Qi Haoqing didn't know where to appear from behind, and then stared at the sealed place with bad intentions.

From inside, he could live with an aura that made his blood boil!

It is the power of their extraterritorial evil race! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: