Chapter Vol 4 1545: Breakthrough failed!

"Boom!" As Luo Menglan's terrifying aura erupted, it instantly defeated the power of extreme cold from the Xuanbing Lotus Terrace. Immediately, the countless chills in the lotus platform receded one after another, making Luo Menglan feel as if he was no one. Break through the lotus hole.

With a sound, Luo Menglan raised her palm, and then gently moved towards the hole. At that time, a crack slowly emerged from the hole of the lotus platform. Immediately, the lotus core of the lotus platform was also continuously enlarged through the hole, and finally slowly appeared in front of the two.

"Boom!" As Luo Menglan gently opened a hole in the lotus platform, in an instant, in the entire space, the dazzling power of extreme cold burst out in an endless stream, turning into white mist.

"This... it really is the Xuan Bing lotus seed." Luo Menglan couldn't help shouting softly, looking at the white spot of light lying quietly in the heart of the lotus.

The white black ice lotus seed is only the size of a finger, but the energy contained in such a small lotus seed is huge and surprising. That kind of power, just one piece is enough for them to have the shackles of three-star perfection. Opportunity!

In the center of Bai Wuliantai, a few white light spots appeared slowly, and with the appearance of these light spots, a force of extreme terror and extreme cold suddenly emerged in this space, but when approaching Luo Menglan, slowly generally absorbed by it.

"one……"

"Two...five?" Luo Menglan murmured softly, and then her eyes shrank tightly, a look of shock!

This mysterious ice lotus platform has actually condensed five mysterious ice lotus seeds!

You must know that the value of Xuanbing lotus seeds, even one, is worth a fortune. At this moment, there were five, which shocked Luo Menglan.

"Are you all right?" Xiao Gui also walked up at this time and asked.

"I'm fine..."

"Look at the center of the lotus pedestal, the spot of light shining with white light is the Xuanbing lotus seed!"

"There are five of them!"

"Big man, this time, thank you so much." Luo Mengsheng lost his voice, looking at the five lotus seeds standing quietly above the lotus heart in front of him.

"It's not too late, I must retreat and swallow the Xuanbing lotus seeds to see if I can break through the four-star fighting immortal." After a while, Luo Menglan's eyes flashed with a hint of determination.

Obviously, in order to avoid the forced marriage by some elders, Luo Menglan ran directly to Lingshan, firstly to escape, and secondly to strengthen her time. I heard that that guy is a four-star fighting immortal powerhouse, and he even touched the existence of the realm with half of his foot, so Luo Menglan wanted to escape from this predicament, only to strengthen his own strength.

"Retreat, I will protect the law for you."

"I'll stay here until you finish." Xiao Gui nodded slowly when he heard the words, although he didn't know why Luo Menglan frowned, he didn't ask any further.

"Thank you, big man, I have taken all the benefits of this treasure hunt away from me."

"I'll give back to you when I leave the customs." As soon as the words fell, a dazzling power of ice emerged from Luo Menglan's body, and then she directly wrapped herself and the lotus platform, which was obviously a small space for her own cultivation. , so the space where the ghost Xiao was is now at peace, leaving only the ghost Xiao.

"Hey...I don't know what the status of this guy is in the spiritual courtyard. Looking at this dress, it seems that his status is not low. If I speak like this, I am afraid that the possibility of rejection is very high."

"No, no." Looking at the white light in front of him, Xiao Gui slowly walked back and forth to protect the road.

"It's over?" The next moment, a hearty laughter slowly emerged, and a man with a heavy ruler on his back slowly wriggled out of the void.

"Hehe, eldest brother, that ice demon swordsman..." Hearing this voice, Xiao Gui smiled sincerely.

"It was absorbed by me." Xiao Yan said softly.

"Big brother, your strength is really increasing fast." In a flash, Xiao Gui realized that his elder brother's strength was only in the late stage of Samsung Dou Xian, but he was still in the dark. There is an extremely terrifying aura that slowly exudes.

"Okay, don't talk about me, talk about you."

"This girl's strength is not bad, the strength of the three-star fighting fairy is complete, and she also has an ice-type great celestial seed on her body. It seems that her status in the spiritual academy is definitely not low... So, do you have confidence?" After a while, Xiao Yan The corner of his mouth smiled, and then he stared at Xiao Guidao.

"Big brother, but I..." Xiao Gui seemed to understand what his elder brother said, and immediately hesitated. His parents' background was unknown, and he actually thought about the love of his children, and a trace of shame poured into his heart.

"I will investigate the matter of your parents for you, so there is some fate. Since you have met, you should take good care of it." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he put a hand on Xiao Gui's heart and said earnestly.

"Yeah." Xiao Gui nodded seriously, although the power of the blood of the same clan on both of them was the premise, but Xiao Yan helped and encouraged him so much, which made Xiao Gui extremely grateful.

"Wait and see." After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes turned towards the light in front of him. Obviously, he also wanted to see if Luo Menglan could break through the four-star Dou Xian with the help of Xuanbing Lotus Seeds.

"Brother, my wound..." The two of them were quiet for a while, and then Xiao Gui spoke up. Obviously, cold air was constantly emerging from his wound, making Xiao Gui quite unbearable for the pain. After all, he was just in front of Luo Menglan. Naturally, you can only endure it.

"Okay, I can take care of this wound for you... it's just a grievance and a debt Whoever hurt you, you should go to someone." Xiao Yan joked, but in his mouth It was a flash of a smile. Obviously, this kind of wound is the best topic for Xiao Gui to approach Luo Menglan.

"But this wound was caused by the Ice Demon Swordsman, it has been absorbed by you, I..." Xiao Gui said dumbly for a while.

"You brat, wait for this girl to go out, let you find him!" Xiao Yan couldn't help but exasperatedly said, this Xiao Gui is too stiff.

"Oh, oh, thank you big brother." Xiao Gui was puzzled for a while, but after a while, he slowly laughed, clearly understanding Xiao Yan's good intentions.

"Wait."

"Before, I found out the strength of this girl, and it has vaguely reached the peak of the three-star Dou Xian consummation. Now with the help of five mysterious ice lotus seeds, I am afraid that in a few days, she will be out of the customs." Xiao Yan said. .

As soon as the voice fell, the two of them waited slowly. For practitioners, a few days are fleeting in the process of cultivation.

However, at this time, Luo Menglan, who was in the small space who was cultivating a breakthrough in retreat, burst out with a dazzling impact, and then the light that enveloped her started to shake slowly, even outside the entire space. The ice layer of the lake broke out with a chill that was piercing to the bone!

And this appearance is clearly not a sign of a successful breakthrough, but a sign of a failed breakthrough!