Chapter Vol 4 1719: Planned conspiracy? Take home!

"You lunatic, you still failed after all."

"Susu!" At this moment, looking at the Master of Soul Li who was standing above the void, the corner of his mouth couldn't help laughing.

As an eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse, the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts can clearly detect that the body of Li Hun is full of scars, even riddled with holes, and his aura and strength have dropped significantly. This situation is not a sign of successful breakthrough. On the contrary, it is the sequelae left by the failure of breakthrough.

Reincarnation, you must ferry back to robbery.

The so-called reincarnation robbery is tailor-made according to one's own strength and experience, and it is one heaven and one underground with Dou Xian robbery.

"Yeah, I failed."

"Even if you have mastered that method, the road of reincarnation is the real top of the entire world. Isn't it so easy to set foot on?" Listening to the sneer of the King of Ghosts, the Master of Li Soul laughed at himself, but there was no anger. Very calm mood.

"No, the breath in this guy's body doesn't look like a breakthrough failure, but like..."

"This guy, what's going on?" At this moment, looking at the Soul Master who was so weak and his strength even fell to the state of Seven Star Fighting Immortals, You Er said with a very solemn expression.

The current state of the Master of Souls seems to be exactly the same as the method that he has mastered to deal with the Master of Souls in the end, but that method is only known to you and the teacher. How could Master of the Souls know?

wrong!

All this is definitely a coincidence, the current Master of Li Soul just failed to break through and is about to fall!

"You seem to want to see me very much." Ignoring You Er's abnormality, Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly, his voice filled with a hint of ease.

As long as the Master of Li Soul did not break through the cycle of reincarnation, then this time, he would not be put to death, and the Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation was preserved intact at this time, which was better for Xiao Yan.

"Xiao Yan, the descendant of the Xiao Clan, the giant in the world, has the blood of the Xiao Clan, as well as many holy flames."

"Even when you entered the ghost world, I noticed you, but at that time, some pedantic guys in the Fifth Academy supported you, and there was no chance to start."

"Now you're throwing yourself into the net, but it's really ridiculous."

"If those guys found out, I'm afraid they would regret embracing you very much." Lord Li Hun walked lightly, but he walked directly from mid-air to the top of Yan Yanjing, and walked towards Xiao Yan step by step.

"Don't be so pretentious."

"I know that everything you do now is just to force me to show up."

"Even I know that this time you break through the reincarnation, Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation is not necessary for you, you need to break through the reincarnation, there are other things." Xiao Yan asked with a smile, without any panic, On the contrary, very calm.

"People who are too smart often don't live to the end." Listening to Xiao Yan's words, the look of the Lord of Li Soul suddenly burst into surprise. It was obvious that Xiao Yan would see through the situation he had arranged so carefully. The Lord of Souls was completely unexpected.

"Since I entered the perimeter of the Senate, and even later entered the Western Temple, I felt something was wrong."

"It was too easy along the way."

"In addition to the feeling of weakness you just showed by your failure to break through, and my induction of holy flame."

"The current Acacia and Broken Enteritis should be in the most complete state, and you, Lord of Li Soul, have no qualifications and ability to devour holy flames at all." After sighing, Xiao Yan smiled as if he had the chance to win.

"It was discovered that he is indeed a descendant of the Xiao family."

"But I'm very curious. You clearly know that this is a trap, why are you running here?" The illusory soul body of the Lord of Souls showed a domineering aura.

"Perhaps, I have this fate." Xiao Yan replied with a smile.

"Maybe, I'll ask another way."

"What kind of trump card do you have to be able to get out of the hands of the Master of Souls, who I touch the reincarnation of?" At this moment, the Master's aura was unmistakable, and he even attacked Xiao Yan's soul like a kind of interrogation by a superior. .

"Go ahead!"

"Let me see how tyrannical the Master of Soul is." Xiao Yan roared, ignoring the provocation of Master of Soul. He knew that this battle was inevitable, and he also knew that this time he would Nine deaths and one life, but as long as there is a silver lining, Xiao Yan will not give up.

"Swallowing inflammation!"

"Dragon God Transformation!"

"Fighting Soul!"

"The fire of the three holy flames!" For a time, Xiao Yan's body was completely enveloped by the undead flame domain to prevent himself from being obliterated by the master of the soul, and then his strength skyrocketed, even the strength of his body and his arms were unparalleled. The terrifying power spreads like an awakened giant dragon, and the fighting spirit is also unprecedentedly vigilant.

"Xiao Yan, this is all prepared for you."

"And my path of reincarnation was also opened by you."

"Being able to help me break through the cycle of reincarnation can be said to be a great honor for you. As a price, I will make the entire Li Soul Domain remember your Xiao Yan's name on countless planes."

"Shining forever, forever!"

"So... get over here!" The force of space filled Xiao Yan's body like the palm of the **** of death, and immediately a touch of fear of death filled Xiao Yan's heart.

"Weng buzzing!" A cry of grief, uncontrollably trembled violently from Xiao Yan's chest, that feeling seemed to be begging Xiao Yan, hurry up, you can't stay here.

"Don't worry, you finally remodeled this heart for me, and I won't die once." Feeling the trembling fluctuations in the heart of the holy flame transformed by Mu Yingying, Xiao Yan gently touched it with the palm of his hand, comforted.

"Judgment!" The Lord of Li Soul was unmoved at all. As a master of the generation, he naturally sensed the careful thinking and back-hand of the dean of the Soul Academy, so he did not directly swallow the Acacia and Broken Enteritis according to their method, but Taking Acacia Broken Enteritis as a guide, Xiao Yan was attracted!

Just ask a guy who can have several holy flames at the same time, if his cultivation technique is obtained by himself, I am afraid that the master of the soul will become a real reincarnation!

This is the true purpose of the Master of Souls!

As for abandoning the fire of immortality and leaving Acacia Heartbroken in secret, it is to further prove Xiao Yan's practice Now that everything is ready, I only owe Dongfeng, as long as I obliterate it, occupy its body, and take Xiao Yan away Flames, then not only will the problem of the inability of the soul body to condense the human body will be solved, but even the self will have as many as four holy flames at the same time.

At that time, not to mention the mere ghost world, even if it is the Great Thousand World, the Lord of Li Soul will not be afraid.

As for Du Qifei, who is related to Xiao Yan, although the power of reincarnation has already penetrated, the two Thunder Mountains in the center of the West Temple are impressively natural prisons, which can temporarily block them, and even accompany the one who guards Xiao Yan. A mysterious eight-star fighting immortal, in front of the Lord of Li Soul, he has no prestige!

As the Lord of Li Soul said this, every void node in the entire space shone with silver light. When it turned into countless silver lights, it actually formed a scene of the most perfect silver space compass hanging vertically between heaven and earth. !

The silver space compass blocked all of Xiao Yan's escape routes, which was like a scythe of the **** of death, leaving Xiao Yan helpless.

"Snatch me the house!" Seeing this scene, Lord Li Soul did not hesitate and used the space teleport directly. The original afterimage had not disappeared, and his body shot towards Xiao Yan's body, trying to seize the house. Xiao Yan, master his body and even everything!

And the silver space compass brought a shocking death ray into Xiao Yan's pupils, blocking all of Xiao Yan's escape routes!

"Come on, whether it is heaven or hell, right here, let's have a complete break." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan's mind suddenly closed, and an ancient pattern entered himself in the main soul of Li Soul. When inside the body, it quietly appeared on his forehead!

The blood-red lines are looming, and there are faint bursts of Sanskrit sounds, like a **** descending to earth.

Godly mighty!