Chapter Vol 4 1961: Yan clan 2 old!

"Weng buzzing!" Su Xueying and Lei Shi's attacks were still in full swing in the huge net of thunder that enveloped the entire mountaintop.

Since the black flames appeared on Su Xueying's body, her strength and attack strength have been significantly improved, and she can rely on the stalemate between the six-star fighting immortal and the eight-star fighting immortal. Although she has Lei Shi's water release, the holy flame of this ranking increases her power. , is obvious to all, but even so, Xiao Yan did not recognize which holy flame this was.

"Okay, almost there."

"Boy, the seal suppresses me!"

"Quick!" After about a few minutes, Lei Shi's offensive was out of control and suddenly became even more surging. Su Xueying, who had been fighting for a while, was quickly defeated, and at the same time turned back and roared at Xiao Yan.

"Blood-devouring monument!"

"Suppress me!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan was still extremely puzzled, but the **** huge stone tablet, accompanied by the power of holy flame, easily suppressed Lei Shi.

"Let's go... Next, there are still many challenges waiting for you." After being temporarily sealed and suppressed by Xiao Yan, the irresistible order in Lei Shi's body also became quiet, Lei Shi's face was calm, as if he did it on purpose. .

"Thank you for your guidance, senior." At this time, Su Xueying respectfully clasped her fists and thanked Lei Shi. There was a rare look of respect in her voice. Obviously, the attack of the two just now was a confrontation on the surface, but it was actually Lei Shi. As for the reason for Su Xueying's advice, I am afraid they both know.

And it is precisely because of Lei Shi's careful on-demand broadcast, coupled with Su Xueying's intelligence, that there will be another adventure in the future.

"Go, let's go." Lei Shi waved his hand and seemed quite satisfied.

"En." Su Xueying nodded heavily, and immediately broke through the giant thunder net and went directly to the top of the mountain.

"Senior, what exactly is this strange 'resurrection' of yours?" Xiao Yan's expression was solemn, it was obvious that Lei Shi was in a very strange state now, and Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask.

"do not know."

"I am really like a resurrection now, with my own thoughts and powers, but there is an irresistible order in the depths of my body directing me. My thoughts are uncontrollable, but my internal strength and body movements are irresistible." Lei The lion muttered.

"Xuuuu!" Xiao Yan was still confused when he heard the words, and after a while he could only follow Su Xueying away.

"It seems that this time, in the Soul Palace, there are some amazing guys who can actually master this pseudo-resurrection technique that is enough to challenge the kingdom of angels." Lei Shi looked at the figures of the two leaving with a gentle face. There was a rather mysterious arc on it,

At the same time, in the distant sky and the top of the mountain range, the aftermath of the battle erupted with incomparably powerful coercion like mountains colliding, making this mountain range in jeopardy.

This is the residence of the guardians of the Xiao clan, and at the top of dozens of continuous mountains, there is an extremely white jade staircase. Going up the stairs, at the top, is the so-called Mother Palace.

And here, the strongest in strength and prestige among the guardians live, and even the things they guard are most likely here.

At this moment, on the way to the mother-in-law's hall, Xu Shao's figure appeared here again. He was quite strange, wearing a black robe, and looking at the top of the jade stairs with greedy eyes, sneered.

Behind Xu Shao, four dark red mysterious coffins slowly suspended, revealing endless evil power. At this time, the second one has been opened. At that time, there will be two old figures in front of them. Their faces are ashen, but the power in their bodies But it was abruptly reached the level of the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

"Who are you!"

"How dare you break into the Mother's Palace, can't you find death?" Looking at the formation of three people and four coffins in front of them, ten sparse figures emerged from all directions, surrounding them in groups with extremely vigilant eyes.

Most of these guys' strengths ranged from four-star fighting immortals to six-star fighting immortals, but there were chains on their bodies that locked their ankles, making it extremely inconvenient to move, but they were obviously part of the guardians.

"Just some ants, kill them all for me!" Xu Shao snorted coldly when he saw this.

"Wait a minute, these guys are the guardians of the Xiao clan, I can't... kacha kacha!" Xu Shao's voice just fell, one of the two old men, while speaking, the power in the body broke out uncontrollably, and instantly put this Several people were crushed and turned into blood, their flesh and blood were blurred, which was quite scary.

"You're a descendant of the Soul Palace, it's really too much!" Seeing these people fall into his hands in an instant, the two old men looked at each other, their expressions were serious and hot, and the old man couldn't help but say with his serious eyes.

"Today, these guardians will be wiped out. The culprits are the elders of the ancient races. If the allies of the Xiao family come to open the door in the future. I'm afraid... Hahaha." Xu Shao's face showed a rare touch. Contempt, obviously for him, even if these guardians are dead and wounded, as long as they get "that thing" guarded by the guardians, then everything is worth it.

"What the **** is going on with this sorcery?" Seeing Xu Shao's fearlessness, the two old men couldn't help but wonder.

They are dead people, and the situation is exactly the same as Lei Shi. The two were originally one of the elders of the seven ancient races of the Yan clan Now they are not afraid of resurrection, but they are afraid because today Once the matter spreads out, those Xiao clan allies who are hidden in the dark will probably bring endless harm to their Yan clan.

After all, although the Xiao Clan is also one of the eight ancient races, it is a giant that surpasses the entire Great Thousand World. It is by no means comparable to the seven ancient races.

"Stop for me, this road won't work." The blood ran down the jade stairs, turning the air here bloody, and in the blink of an eye, a sly-faced middle-aged man, dressed in blue clothes, with a serious breath, was silent. appeared here.

When he saw the **** blood on the jade stairs in front of his eyes, the surging killing intent swept out of his body!

The number of guardians of the Xiao clan was very small, but now ten people were beheaded by these people of unknown origin, and they were the backbone of the guardians, which made the middle-aged man extremely angry.

"Eight-star fighting immortals?"

"The strength of the guardians is already less than one tenth. Today, let me, the younger generation of the Soul Palace, send you to **** to reunite with the Xiao clan!"

"Yanling, kill me!" Xu Shao said with a sneer, obviously since he collected the power from the two Demon Suppression Prisons and returned to the clan to cultivate that sorcery, his strength and status have long since changed. .

"Boom!" As soon as the voice fell, the old man of Yanling collapsed forward, and the jade stairs unexpectedly made a shattering sound.

"Let's go!" Xu Shao shouted coldly. His voice contained the power of blood and blood. The coffin that belonged to Yanling was also left behind, and he took the rest of the Yan clan to look at the three coffins and take a step forward. Step towards the main mother hall at the top of the mountain.

At this moment, the guardians of the Xiao clan are probably about to usher in a real life-and-death battle.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: