Chapter Vol 4 1753: Solve the fortress!

"No way..."

"This time, I really failed Her Majesty Queen Medusa's trust." At this moment, in the fortress, the voices of mourning could be heard endlessly, and the hearts of countless people were because of the dozens of evil spirits who had left behind from the huge army of the Poison Demon Empress. The disciples, became extremely heavy, because the strength of the crowd gathered in the fortress faced the strength of the dozens of people, but they were like ants and could not shake the slightest. The strength of their dozens of people turned out to be like the **** of death. Wherever the army was bleeding.

"Hahaha!"

"My Xuanshan Fortress, isn't there a generation who is greedy for life and fear of death?" At this moment, Wu Tianyu watched the subordinates around him continue to fall, and immediately his pupils shrank tightly, and a sense of awe emerged.

After a while, its body suddenly swelled up, and in an instant it turned into a giant of hundreds of feet in size, surrounded by thunder, and looked at the sky!

"The body of a fighting emperor?" Seeing this, dozens of evil figures couldn't help but wonder.

"Just let you see, what is the soul of the mysterious spirit!"

"With my soul, with my blood, the blood burns the body of the Emperor!"

"Destroy the crowd!" With Wu Tianyu's method, the entire fortress fell into silence for a while, and even Wu Tianyu's back was at a high level, his pupils burst red, flashing with a hint of pain.

The body of a fighting emperor is enough to greatly increase one's defense and combat power, although very few people practice it.

As for the body of the self-igniting Dou Di, although it may be possible to exchange for a huge amount of power in a short period of time, the sequelae can never be recovered. Although it will not endanger his own life, the damage to his origin is extremely difficult to make up for.

"City Lord!"

"Sir!" A hurried voice slowly emerged. Obviously, Wu Tianyu has won the trust of countless people by doing this. The manager of Xuanshan Fortress is worthy of the name.

"It's really righteous... But in front of my four-star Dou Xian-level strength, you don't have this chance." Looking at Wu Tianyu's methods, among the dozens of figures, the leader of an evil figure suddenly turned toward him. Step on it in front of him, and hold the palm of your hand!

At that time, the monstrous evil aura spread out like a fog, and it easily entangled Wu Tianyu's body. I'm afraid it won't be long before he will be completely eaten away into a blood mist.

"Boom boom boom!" Wu Tianyu's face changed greatly, but there was no sign of backing down.

"Kacha!" The sound of broken bones filled Wu Tianyu's body, and his body of a fighting emperor and his means of spontaneous combustion were easily disintegrated by him.

"Pfft!" A mouthful of blood emerged directly from Wu Tianyu's mouth, and even his breath became sluggish. Obviously, the blow just now caused quite serious damage to himself.

"This...is that the statue of that little beast..."

"It's very annoying... so let's destroy it together!" After defeating Wu Tianyu, the leader of the evil figure looked at Wu Tianyu who was lying on the ground, glanced away, and suddenly saw a rather delicate statue in front of his ground city Lord's Mansion. whispered.

"That's the statue of Lord Xiao Yan, we can't let him destroy it!"

"Give me a hand!" Wu Tianyu roared for a while, trying to drag his severely injured body to attack him.

Since the complete fall of the Xuanling royal family, the Xuanling Continent has been completely ruled by Her Majesty Queen Medusa of the Snake People. Under her rule, the Xuanling Continent is unprecedentedly harmonious and prosperous, and even humans and the Snake People coexist in peace and harmony. , In addition to the fact that Xiao Yan's husband was made public, Xiao Yan's identity was undoubtedly envied and respected by countless people.

"Beyond one's own strength!" With a random wave, these guys were swept away like ants, and the evil leader suddenly squeezed the Xiao Yan statue with his palm, trying to completely shatter it.

"Huh... what's going on?"

"The statue doesn't seem to be broken?"

"There is someone behind the statue!"

"That's..." Looking at the fatal blow from the evil leader, the statue didn't actually shatter. Instead, it seemed to have a rather thin figure, slowly supporting the statue with both hands. Crawling down quietly.

"That guy's figure seems to be a bit like a legendary character..."

"Xiao Yan?" I don't know who said a word, and the entire Xuanshan Fortress suddenly returned to quiet, and countless people's pupils shrank tightly, as if trying to see if the figure behind the statue was the person in the rumors.

"This statue... the carving is pretty good, I like it very much." Xiao Yan put his palm on the delicate statue and said.

"Xiao Yan?"

"How can it be?"

"Lord Demon Empress said that you have been completely wiped out by the Master of Souls..." Seeing Xiao Yan's figure emerging, dozens of evil figures couldn't help being shocked.

Xiao Yan has obliterated several harming races of foreign evil races before and after, and has long been listed on the must-kill list. Now, seeing Xiao Yan, it is natural that a force emerges out of his heart.

Xiao Yan held the arm slightly, then stepped over the statue, slowly came to Wu Tianyu, stretched out his hand and said.

"Xiao...Lord Xiao Yan!" Seeing this, Wu Tianyu immediately burst into tears couldn't help but lose his voice, he originally lived in Xuanling City, but because of his extraordinary talent, he was rejected by Queen Medusa. The guards were selected, and after cultivation, they became the strongest in the Xuanshan Fortress. Among them, the respect for Xiao Yan and Her Majesty Queen Medusa was naturally hard to hide.

"Here are some healing medicines to distribute to the injured brothers." Xiao Yan gently handed over a ring and smiled, no matter what the eyes of those evil people looked like.

"Sir... This guy is a four-star fighting immortal, sir, be careful..." Wu Tianyu put away the ring and stood there in a daze. It took a long time to say such a sentence.

"When did the evil people from outside the realm shouting and beating like rats across the street can so blatantly appear in the realm of humans?"

"Am I right, the evil clan from outside the realm is a respectable and powerful person." After doing all this, Xiao Yan walked towards the evil leader step by step.

"Hmph... This time, it's the end of your Xuanling Continent."

"It won't be long before you will be completely reduced to the end!"

"Susu!" As soon as the voice fell, dozens of people trembled, looking at the appearance, they wanted to explode themselves.

"Holy Flame!"

"Burn me!" At this moment, Xiao Yan's pupils became sharp, and dazzling holy flames emerged, directly burning dozens of people into nothingness.

"Bang Bang Bang!" Not a single one of the dozens of people was spared, and was directly burned to ashes by Xiao Yan Shengyan.

"Clean up the battle situation and appease the people. There are some things that need to be asked of the city lord." After doing this, Xiao Yan said casually, and the figure disappeared here immediately.

"Yes!" Wu Tianyu hurriedly agreed, but he seemed to have noticed that as the evil people were completely eliminated, there seemed to be a huge team of tens of thousands of people slowly coming towards the fortress, even those Guys, the one with the lowest strength is actually... all fighting immortals?