Chapter Vol 4 2251: 18 Arhat, the sound of Amitabha!

"The bed of the earth?"

"what is that?"

Hearing the second brother's ecstatic voice, Xiao Yi said with a complicated expression, as if she was extremely puzzled.

However, based on Xiao Yi's keen sense of smell, there should be some rare treasures on the ancient Bodhi tree. After all, that kind of richness distorts the surrounding void, it is definitely not an ordinary thing!

However, the 18 Arhat Buddha statues scattered on the round platform are probably not vegetarians. They should be the guardians who guard this place. To get this thing, it seems that they must defeat these guys.

"I was lucky enough to get the third-ranked holy flame remnant picture on the holy flame list, the reincarnation flame of heaven."

"In order to devour something that is comparable to a divine object, you must prepare a medicinal pill called the Reincarnation Pill, otherwise, if you rashly contaminate it, your body and spirit will be destroyed, and this medicinal pill requires three extremely rare medicinal materials. refining."

"Ice marrow and fire spirit fruit, 30,000-year-old devil whale stone... and the earth's mattress!" Xiao Yan's voice became extremely hot, his eyes squinting at the green energy above the ancient Bodhi tree!

That green energy is like strands of life energy, slowly moving above the ancient trees, and they actually form an inch-sized green gauze!

A trace of extremely gentle life force on the gauze forms an ancient rune, which has a profound power that can be learned from the world, and it is like the source of life, which bursts with extremely hot fluctuations.

"Three kinds of medicinal materials, I have already obtained the Ice Essence Fire Spirit Fruit. Although the 30,000-year Demon Whale Stone is extremely difficult to obtain, there are traces to follow. It's just that this earth's mattress has never been heard of!"

"I didn't expect that I would meet it here, it's really God's will." Xiao Yan said with smacking his lips, unable to hide his excitement.

"Then Xiao Yi will congratulate the second brother first, but now..." Xiao Yi nodded, and also threw the present to the round platform in front of her.

"The most urgent task at the moment is to remove the earth's bedding from the ancient tree of the body, and not to disturb the eighteen arhats."

"According to my perception, the reason why the eighteen Arhats in this raised circular platform are so strangely arranged is probably an extremely tyrannical formation!"

Xiao Yan frowned, and then his eyes continued to circle around, trying to find a flaw.

The eighteen Buddha statues of Arhats have a calm demeanor, and they seem to be connected with each other by some kind of strength, which is full of Zen spirit.

"Now there's no good way to do it. The only option is to use a dead horse as a living horse doctor."

"You pick me up here, I'll go in and try."

"Don't worry, once there is any danger, I will retreat as soon as possible."

After a while, Xiao Yan said directly, this is the only way at the moment.

"Okay!"

Xiao Yi gritted her teeth and agreed, but the brown flames around her body were like a violent beast, and an endless halo of energy burst out, as if building an escape route.

"Huhu."

Seeing Xiao Yi act like this, Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed slightly, without further ado, his slender palm stretched out from his sleeve, the corners of his mouth twitched, and a tinge of cyan energy entangled from his fingertips!

"Dragon God Transformation, Dragon Transformation!"

Roaring down, the majestic cyan gushed out, and countless cyan dragon scales shone on Xiao Yan's body. The formation and majesty were enough to make some first-level reincarnations feel dangerous!

"Squeak."

After doing all this, Xiao Yan's eyes were extremely deep and solemn, and he slowly stepped into the round platform.

"Bang bang bang!"

Even with the blessing of the Dragon God Transformation, Xiao Yan stepped out in one step, countless pressures invaded from the body of the eighteen arhats, and pressed down on Xiao Yan without a trace, Xiao Yan's footsteps actually fell into the ground of the round platform. .

"What a terrifying pressure!"

"The suppression of the body, the suppression of the soul."

"The Eighteen Arhats are indeed terrifying."

The strong Xiao Yan endured this inhuman torture and walked towards the center of the round platform step by step. No matter what, this earth bed must be obtained!

"Boom!"

Under Xiao Yan's unrelenting progress, the golden Buddha voices of the eighteen arhats murmured in a low voice, and waves of extremely surging ancient power slowly awakened.

"Gulu...Second brother, hurry up!!!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yi blushed, and roared at Xiao Yan who was not far away, because there was a trace of golden buddha on the round table that actually enveloped the entire round table, accompanied by a suffocating tyrannical wave .

"That's too late."

Every step Xiao Yan took was extremely heavy. Feeling this sudden change, he could only grit his teeth, and the clan lines in his body began to move.

"Amitabha!"

Eighteen Arhats opened their mouths at the same time, and a terrifying sound of Buddha sounded through the soul. Immediately, four golden Buddha characters appeared on the top of the circular platform.

Above the four golden Buddha characters, it seems to contain a kind of punishment from heaven and earth. Once touched, I am afraid that there will be no vitality!

"Ah!"

First of all, Ah, this Buddha character just appeared, Xiao Yan's body had a terrifying agitation.

It's too strong, the four-character Buddha's sound released by the Eighteen Arhats is definitely not something that I can resist, so I have to find another way out!

"Clan Marks!"

"Dragon God Transformation!"

Xiao Yan encountered great changes, and it was too late to leave here, so he could only shout and try to resist.

"Tear it off!"

The golden Azi seemed to be able to ignore all defenses, but it gently penetrated Xiao Yan's defenses and hit Xiao Yan's skin heavily!

The skin protected by the blue dragon scales was hit by the word "A" of Buddha Yin, and bursts of stinging pain immediately emerged, and then the sharp pain on the skin made Xiao Yan sigh. ignore it?

"Tick."

A character attack fell, a large area of ​​redness on Xiao Yan's skin, a drop of blood actually slowly dripped from the skin, which was particularly harsh in this unusually quiet space.

"The power of the clan pattern... the dragon claw..."

Forcibly holding back the suffocating pain Xiao Yan's eyes condensed the fighting energy into a substantial glass-colored beam of light, fighting spirit was surging, without fear, he stepped out with one step, and clenched his big hand to face the remaining "Amitabha Buddha" above his head. "Three words whizzed away.

"Boom!"

With such a terrifying handwriting, the entire round platform space roared, as if it would completely collapse in the next moment.

"Wong buzzing!"

For some unknown reason, when a drop of Xiao Yan's blood quietly dripped on the ground, the Buddha's sound on the entire circular platform disappeared rapidly, and even the surging killing intent in the body of the eighteen arhats and Buddha realms quickly disappeared. weaken.

"..."

After a few breaths, the remaining three characters of "Amitabha" turned into a buddha and disappeared, and the space here is also returning to peace.

"Second brother?"

Seeing this, Xiao Yi rushed in first, and then helped Xiao Yan up, her expression extremely eager.

"never mind."

"It seems that people in the Buddhist world, Manjushri or Bodhi Patriarch, should know our seniors from the Xiao family."

Xiao Yan didn't care about the obvious wound on his body, and then his eyes became hot.

The ancient Bodhi tree, the bed of the earth... Now, it's mine.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: