Chapter 186: Cave ghost!

Hu Du and Wu Jiang also returned to their residences, only then did they know that the trials had begun.

"damn it!"

"The time calculation is wrong, the trials have already started, we have to go to the Infernal Corpse Forest as soon as possible, where is the other half of the "Twin Ghost Emperor" still sealed."

"Now that the cold lake has been destroyed, this ghost emperor is also a severely injured body. If we let the two become one, it is not something we can handle."

"It's not too late, let's go quickly." Hu Du also said solemnly, and they also knew that it would be quite difficult to truly kill the twin ghost emperors, but the two of them worked together to injure him before.

"Yeah." Wu Jiang also agreed.

"The people in Honggu also seem to have left? I don't know where they went?" Wu Jiang also sensed that there were only a few people in Hongshan at this time.

"Valley Master, everything is ready, you can go." A black figure respectfully said to Hongye.

"Let's go, the rest of the old, the weak, the sick and the disabled will send some people to guard the Red Mountain."

"This time, only success is allowed, not failure!" Hongye also said.

After speaking, a large number of people appeared in the space teleportation formation leading to the Infernal Corpse Forest.

"It's almost here, this time our goal is the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest!" The ghostly spring ghost and the ghost spirit led a large number of not weak ghosts to approach the Infernal Corpse Forest.

Outside the corpse forest, even because of the formation, there are many people from super sects guarding it.

The three of Xiao Yan also continued to walk towards the depths of the cave.

Besides, the seven black shadows that were rushing towards Xiao Yan before, suddenly a few of them were blasted out by Xiao Yan's huge flame attack, and slowly turned into blue smoke and disappeared into the air.

The other black shadows were obviously very powerful, even under Xiao Yan's powerful flame attack, they were only shaken away.

After a short collision, those dark shadows also seemed to find that Xiao Yan was not easy to mess with, and then turned around and ran into the depths of the cave.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan looked at the seven fleeing shadows, and felt that the aura in them seemed to be condensed by someone, and the aura in the depths of the cave was getting closer and closer.

The three slowly came to the depths of the cave, and found that the depth of the cave was a rather wide space, and there was a wolf-shaped statue in the space that stood out.

"What is this..." Mu Feng also stepped forward boldly, and stroked the wolf-shaped statue.

"Be careful!" Xiao Yan also frowned, and then pulled up Yue Ru's jade hand. Since he promised Yue Yu to take care of Yue Ru, he naturally couldn't break his promise.

"The universe is yin and yang, the gossip is infinite, the ghost is lost, now!" Mu Feng also muttered to himself, and then the blue light on his body flashed.

As Mu Feng's voice fell, the wolf-shaped statue in front of him slowly shattered.

The gravel that originally covered the wolf-shaped body of the statue fell down in circles, and then revealed its original appearance!

It is a living wolf!

It is strange to say that this wolf-shaped statue has turned into a lifelike wolf, but the strange thing is that Liushenwuzhu's eyes have no color, as if it is a puppet!

The three all looked at each other.

Xiao Yan rolled his black eyes and looked at this place carefully, because he felt some other auras from here, the wolf in front of him seemed to be just a puppet.

This should be deep in the cave, because Xiao Yan looked around and found that there was no road to continue, and then the flames above Xiao Yan's head suddenly rioted, instantly turning into a fire dragon, rolling out wildly, flying around in the cave.

One after another heat wave, like **** fire, burns everything in the cave, and the surrounding wind bursts suddenly, countless screams, thrilling, very terrifying.

Since the shadows that attacked Xiao Yan and the others before fled here, and there is no extra exit here, then it must still be here, so this is the scene of Xiao Yan at this time.

Xiao Yan carried one hand on his back, looked around vigilantly and said softly, "I think you haven't shown up yet!"

After speaking, the fire dragon that was controlling the top of his head flashed and charged towards a dark black ** on the left. In an instant, the red light and the black qi that attacked Xiao Yan and the others were entangled, forming a rare spectacle.

The fire dragon in midair, with its mouth wide open and its claws dancing wildly, fought hard against the flickering black cloud.

The billowing heat wave collided with the gloomy and cold air, making a sizzling sound, which was unusually harsh.

A cold light flashed in Xiao Yan's eyes, he suddenly retracted the fire dragon, the red light disappeared immediately, and the surroundings fell into darkness.

In the pitch-black space, the black shadow found that the fire dragon had disappeared, and it was also moving very quickly, and then all this could not escape Xiao Yan's perception. Once spinning on top of Xiao Yan's head, that flashing red light illuminated everything in the cave.

Xiao Yan and the three looked at the black air mass in front of him, which was shining with coquettish light. Mu Feng gave Xiao Yan a message. This kind of ghost is obviously what Mu Feng is good at dealing with, so Mu Feng said solemnly: "Not yet. Show up, do you want to force me to do it?"

Suddenly, in the black air mass, an old voice came: "Human boy, don't go too far. This is the corpse forest, not the place where you humans should come. If you don't leave, don't blame us for being sorry. "In the gloomy voice, there is a dash of threat.

Mu Feng looked at the group of black shadows coldly and sneered: "Although you are all in one, I can still force you to reveal your true self. At that time, I am afraid that everything will be too late. From the moment I entered this cave, I have Many human skeletons were discovered, so you probably killed a lot of humans, right?"

"So today you are destined to be wiped out. Ghosts and us humans have been enemies since ancient times."

"Instead of you killing a lot of humans, our move can be regarded as avenging the dead."

The voice said gloomily: "Although you have a strange aura on your body, don't be arrogant and ignorant. In the past, countless people came here, full of madness, but they all died here and became our delicacy. UU Reading Books www.uukanshu.com”

"You will definitely not be able to leave alive today. Although you have some strange auras on your body, it is impossible for you to survive." After the words were finished, six physical shadows suddenly appeared in the black gas, Xiang Mufeng attacked.

Xiao Yan saw that they were all hungry wolves, with different shapes, but they looked very fierce.

Xiao Yan used his enormous soul power to carefully examine the tops of the six wolves' heads, and there was a faint hint of evil gas on them. Obviously, they were not good.

As soon as the six hungry wolves appeared, they stared at Mu Feng closely, as if it were delicious food.

Then the hungry wolf's body was as fast as the wind, with sharp claws and wolf teeth, flashing a gloomy cold light, and pounced on Mu Feng from different directions.

Looking at this situation, you can see that these wolf demons know how to combine strikes and have a deep understanding of the use of tactics.

A cold light flashed in Mu Feng's eyes, knowing that these wolves were not ordinary wild wolves, so he had to be careful not to be careless.

Xiao Yan and Yueru moved slightly to make room for Mu Feng to fight. The two of them both moved away from Mu Feng by a few feet and gently avoided these ferocious wolf monsters.

Seeing this, Mu Feng showed a sinister smile in his eyes, turned his head gently, and quietly waited for the next round of attacks from these wolf monsters.

Xiao Yan is also very calm at this time, a month is a long time, so there is no need to worry about the points.

And for some unknown reason, Xiao Yan could feel a different kind of power from the black air mass.

Ask for a ticket~