Chapter Vol 4 871: back?

"Humble human beings!" Seeing this, the Nether Twins snorted coldly, but they both knew that the figure in front of them was weak, but on the palm of his hand, the second group was condensed by holy flames. The fighting skills of the holy flame alone are enough to seriously injure them!

Not to mention the fatal blow as powerful as Cangyao Douxian!

"What do I do now?" At the birthday moment, Ming Zun couldn't help asking.

"There is a chance to shoot together, and I always feel that this kid with a heavy ruler seems to have the smell of blood demons." After You Zun finished speaking, he didn't hesitate, his expression was vigilant, and the evil power in his body also showed It spins at a fast speed!

"Blood Demons?"

"How can he have the power of our own race in a human being?"

"The power of holy flame can't tolerate the existence of our power, what a hell!" Ming Zun was also puzzled.

"Shoot!" With Xiao Yan's attack and Cang Key's attack, You Zun shouted, and at the same time, an evil force suddenly emerged from between his eyebrows!

"Nether...Blood jumping!" After a while, the Nether Twins exerted their breath to the extreme, and then an unusually strange voice sounded instantly!

Obviously both of them also know that they can't sit still, otherwise they will completely fall here!

However, although the explosion of the two ghosts sounded, nothing appeared. Xiao Yan held the source power of the second group of holy flames. In addition to the silver moon bow issued by the strength of Cangyao Douxian, the double attack, I am afraid that the two ghosts will be attacked. Can't handle it!

"Double Netherworld, don't die!" Xiao Yan held the source force of the second group of holy flames. The source force of holy flame carried the mysterious power to destroy and purify all things in the world. In his pupils, a trace of blood flashed, and he instantly faced the twins of the Netherworld. Shoot it!

"Little devil, although you are carrying two holy flames, it is impossible to kill us completely!" After You Zun finished speaking, the purple cage shattered instantly!

Immediately, a demonic blood-red blood mist formed in front of the two in an instant!

The demonic blood-red blood mist had just formed, and suddenly there was an extremely evil force, which shocked everyone present!

"Shabu Shabu!" The blood mist just appeared, and suddenly lifted up slightly, and in the entire hall, an extremely tyrannical suction force was rashly drawn by the blood mist.

"What a strong suction!" Xiao Yan's figure was extremely fast, but it was not as fast as the sight of the two ghosts. When the blood mist lifted up, Xiao Yan just came to the two ghosts!

The next moment, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and his fists suddenly attacked the two ghosts in front of him!

"Bang bang bang!" The power of the source of the two holy flames suddenly hit the two ghosts, and then a series of explosions resounded throughout the hall!

In the next instant, Cang Key's silver moon bow silently swept through the void and shot into the bodies of the two ghosts!

"These two guys..."

"What are you doing..."

"Give up resistance?"

"Waiting to die?" Xiao Yan looked at the haemorrhagic fog and gave up his resistance, letting them attack the ghost twins, his eyelids twitched slightly, as if he had some bad thoughts.

Moreover, Xiao Yan felt that the blood demon gold energy in his body seemed to react extremely violently, and he didn't know what was going on.

Xiao Yan has added a lot of soul-devouring talisman power to the power of the source of the holy flame in the second regiment just now.

Judging from the mystery of the Soul Eater Talisman and the devouring of the evil races outside the territory, these two ghost twins, which are comparable to the peak of the human fighting emperor, are obviously the best supplements for the Soul Eater Talisman!

"Ahhh!"

"What is this!" After a few breaths passed, the Nether Twins couldn't help but let out an extremely miserable scream.

"It seems that the Soul Eater Talisman is working." Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he saw this, and with the screams of the two, the shocking attack slowly dissipated, and then he turned his eyes to where the Nether Twins were going.

"This is!" Just as he stared at the Netherworld Twins, Cang Key couldn't help but say something.

Listening to Cang Key's words with a hint of anger, Xiao Yan also looked over.

I saw that at this time, the blood mist was still in the sky above the two ghosts, and an extremely huge suction force was constantly being born. Obviously, I didn't know what the two of them wanted to do.

However, with the power of the source of the holy flame of the second group of Xiao Yan and the attack of Cang Key, the two were completely unrecognizable at this time!

Only two extremely faint black afterimages remained!

"asshole!"

"asshole!"

"asshole!"

"You **** boy!"

"Return my strength!" At this time, the two ghosts were attacked by Xiao Yan and the others, and their strength was greatly reduced, and their bodies were also missing.

Facing the sudden roar of the Netherworld Twins, Cang Key came directly to Xiao Yan. She was also afraid that the Netherworld Twins' sudden action would be bad for Xiao Yan. Although the Yinyue Bow has just been released, her strength has dropped a lot, but It was all worth it to be able to cause such optimistic damage to the Nether Twins.

In the face of the roar of the Netherworld Twins, Xiao Yan was also at a loss.

But the next moment, Xiao Yan knew why the Nether Twins suddenly roared!

"Cough, cough..." A violent unease suddenly came from Xiao Yan's body, and then Xiao Yan, through the violent uneasiness, seemed to vaguely feel that an extremely huge force seemed to be devoured by his soul. Talisman swallowed directly!

"His grandma's."

"Can you still play like this?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but said in his heart.

He had indeed added the power of the Soul Devouring Talisman to the two holy flames just now, but Xiao Yan still did not understand what was going on with this Soul Devouring Talisman.

And at this time, the soul-devouring talisman actually silently brought the power of the two ghosts directly into his own ring, and then swallowed it again?

Moreover, as the Soul Eater Talisman devoured most of the power of the evil clan this time Xiao Yan could vaguely feel that the Soul Eater Talisman had undergone some extremely obvious changes.

"It seems that when you leave the ruins, you have to start looking at this soul-devouring talisman. After all, it is also something of the ghost world. If you don't understand it, I'm afraid..." Xiao Yan thought slightly, and then without hesitation, he stared at the impressive The ghost twins of the second group of black phantoms!

"Little chops!"

"This deity will smash your corpse into ten thousand pieces!" The second group of black phantoms felt that their power was taken away, and immediately burst into anger.

"Come on!"

"Didn't they humans say a word?"

"Where there is life, there is hope."

"Little bastard, the next time I meet you, I will let you know what fear is." After the second group of black phantoms finished speaking, they swept away into the amazing blood mist!

And following the actions of the Netherworld Twins, Cang Key's figure suddenly moved, and the power of life and death suddenly emerged from his body like a spring.

"today!"

"It's your time of death!" After Cang Key finished speaking, on the palm of his hand, a power that perfectly blended the power of life and death was slowly born!

On that pure white palm, if it hits both the Netherworld and the Netherworld, both of them should fall here completely!

"Gorefiend, save me!" Just when Cang Key took a picture of the Netherworld Twins, the afterimages of the extremely weak Netherworld Twins II suddenly shouted loudly in the hall.

As the two shouted like this, a gap suddenly cracked above the rock-solid hall, and through the gap, there seemed to be a rather unfamiliar figure.

That figure is extremely thin and small, but it exudes an evil vibe that is powerful enough to destroy the world! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: