Chapter Vol 4 2110: In the battle Liu Hao!

"Boom boom boom!!!" Two powerful attacks collided in the sky.

Countless sacred auras and demonic shadows erupted in extremely dazzling offensives!

The magic wood formed an incomparably evil black terrifying wave, and thunderous voices sounded, resisting the divine breath abruptly, and just in the first round of confrontation, the magic wood terrifying wave was violently shaken by the impact, Even in the smooth waves, amazing cracks appeared one after another, suffocating!

"Wong Buzz!"

There was a humming sound in the sky, and the waves of the magic wood disintegrated in an instant, but it did not disintegrate, but divided into countless black trees, shaped like indelible evil fires, burning the sky and the earth!

The shocking black magic wood turned into countless flames, and the black flames rippled in the sky, and the sacred notes were completely annihilated in an instant.

"Da da da."

Pieces of milky white notes were entangled by black magic wood, corroded or burned together, and suddenly fell down, as if falling into the endless sea of ​​fire, the sacred aura of light actually burned violently!

Black flames were everywhere, the magic wood covered the sky, the entire sky was completely invaded by Xiao Yan's power, and the calm on Hill's cheeks turned into an unbelievable look!

"impossible!"

"Angel Divine Feather!"

Seeing that the sacred notes and vortexes he had carefully crafted were slowly disintegrating under Xiao Yan's attack, Hill suddenly panicked, and the white and purple angel wings wriggled behind him.

Countless sacred feathers fell off the angel's wings. They were numerous and revolved around Hill at high speed, with faint traces of turning into a ferocious storm.

In the storm, the white and purple energies are intertwined with each other, like divine light, extremely gorgeous!

"The dignified Angel Purple Wing, that's all!"

"Let's destroy it!"

"Magic Wood Evil Flame!"

Xiao Yan smiled, and with a wave, countless wood-attribute powers combined with the power of demons, burning them away like a raging fire.

Evil flames are not real flames, but a kind of evil flames that Xiao Yan relied on his own familiarity with fire attributes to multiply with the power of demons. But even so, the power contained in the evil flames is enough to burn the whole world. burnt out.

The angel's wings swayed and swayed faster and faster, and a feather storm surrounded by white and purple in front of Hill became more and more intense.

The feather storm is incomparably gorgeous, like an angel dancing gracefully, pouring countless holy energy into it, the holy aura is awe-inspiring, it seems that once the angel storm comes, this place will be completely transformed into a barren land!

"Devil, die!"

Finally, Sheng Mang flourished, Hill roared, the feather storm brewed, and then his hands slammed down, and countless sacred energies tilted down instantly.

The white and purple light is a ripple that suddenly appeared in a peaceful holy lake. Just after it appeared, it mobilized the sacred aura in the entire medicine world, which was extremely magnificent!

It descends gently, but every time it descends, the space along the way will be filled with an unprecedented silence, as if everything can only quietly crawl under this power.

"Destroy me!"

When Xiao Yan was in it, he naturally knew the terrifying power of this kind of power, but he stretched his palm gently, and the endless demonic wood evil flames roared out, extremely dazzling and dazzling.

In an instant, the two attacked and contacted, countless fierce energy, energy ripples overflowed everywhere, and the whole world was incited by the two forces to vibrate violently.

"Buzz!"

The seemingly invincible sacred feather storm was slowly destroyed by Xiao Yan's attack, and the angel wings behind Hill seemed to have exhausted all their strength, slowly closing in and disappearing.

Above the sky, the battle is still going on, but the outcome is only a matter of time, and many things are happening below.

"Patriarch, you have to think twice."

"Once we make a move, I am afraid that the grievances between us will fall into a doom and cannot be resolved. After all, the two believers and the Son of Light are now leading the team in person."

Looking at Yao Wanwan's anxious expression, the senior Yao clan said hesitantly.

"Xiao Yan is a descendant of Xiao Yan, just relying on this, I want to protect him comprehensively."

"And do you really think that the purpose of the Holy See's visit is only for Xiao Yan?"

"With the resolute style of doing things of the Holy See, I am afraid that we will not escape bad luck."

"Xiao Yan is the last strong man who dares to confront the Holy See. Once he falls, I am afraid that no one on the Dou Di Continent will be able to fight against the Holy See. At that time, all our forces can only crawl under their feet!"

"The Holy See's practice of not distinguishing right from wrong, I believe I don't need to say more, right? That kind of situation, I believe it is not what you want to see."

Yao Wan said resolutely.

Based on Xiao Yan's performance one after another, he knew that the time had come!

And it's the only chance!

Once you miss it, I am afraid that the entire Douyun Continent will fall into a state of black smoke!

"We are also willing to join."

"So are we."

For a time, the ancient races took the lead and jumped out one after another, agreeing with Yao Wan's approach.

...

"Boom!"

In the sky, with the destruction of the sacred storm, Hill's power gradually became weaker, and it seemed that the attack just now had a heavy load on him.

"This demon... my god..."

Hill weakly looked at Xiao Yan, who was still awe-inspiring, and said softly.

"Don't worry, I won't let you rotten fellows continue to survive!"

"Crack!"

With one punch, Xiao Yan's body was as fast as a ghost, and he shot directly at Hill above the sky!

He threw a punch, trying to completely wipe out the second believer Hill.

"Boy, I don't see how strong you are, it's worth my shot."

At this moment, Austin, who had always been silent in the distance, took a step forward.

Immediately, the temperature in the heaven and earth dropped sharply, a sacred halo appeared, and countless forces became quiet. Even Xiao Yan's attack was instantly shattered by his voice.

"So strong!"

Xiao Yan was shocked, he could only withdraw his attack, and immediately looked at Austin with a solemn expression!

The first believer of the Holy See, his strength has already fallen into the realm of Tong Xuan!

"Go!"

"Stop Austin!"

Just when Xiao Yan felt the great oppression, high voices rang out among the surging crowds of powerhouses below, and immediately countless powerhouses joined forces and launched an attack on Austin.

Among these guys, only Yao Wanyuan and the Eight-star Fighting Immortals were successful. In the late stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortals with less than ten others, everyone joined forces to besiege Austin, and was actually intercepted by him with ease.

The remaining power is the demon Xiao Yan and Liu Hao.

"Liu Hao, this guy is handed over to you."

"This time, I don't want you to be at fault again!"

Austin frowned and immediately fought with those strong men.

However, being able to cope with the siege of countless powerhouses at the same time with the perfect strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, the name of the first believer in the Holy See is well deserved!

"It was beyond my expectations."

The divine halo appeared on Liu Hao's body again, and he rescued Hill, who had only one breath left, and immediately looked at Xiao Yan with a frantic expression.

"Liu Hao, you are the Son of Light, and you have a pivotal position in the entire Great Thousand World."

"But several times against me... this time."

"The world of medicine is where you fell."

On Xiao Yan's body, the magic wood and evil flames lingered constantly, setting off his body with an incomparable evil charm.

"This sentence is also used for you!"

Liu Hao roared, his terrifying fighting intent emerged!