Chapter Vol 4 1583: 3-star Douxian is complete!

Time passes minute by minute, and the inner space of the Acacia tree is not much different from the outside world. A day outside is also a day here, but it is a pink void all day long, and it is difficult to distinguish the passage of time.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's absorption was the past few months. During these times, Xiao Yan sat cross-legged at the root of the Acacia tree, constantly urging Fen Jue to control the two buckets. The nucleus absorbs the huge energy in the acacia fruit.

The cultivation of Emperor Dou is the power of life and death, and after Dou Xian, the force of life and death is condensed into the force of Dou Xian, and the force of Dou Xian is condensed and contracted in the core of Dou Xian, which is divided into attributes.

It's just that the training in Dou Xian is to cultivate Dou Xian. Generally, a normal person's Dou Xian touches a core with a size of tens of meters. Only by constantly compressing it into the size of a grain of sand, one can step into the peak of Dou Xian. , approaching reincarnation!

After the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals, it is the realm of reincarnation, and reincarnation is divided into nine levels of reincarnation... After the ninth level, it is the god's residence, but the so-called gods are also illusory existences in the entire world of the Great Thousand World. No one knows at all. In the Great Thousand World, whether there is a god's existence, but that level of existence, I am afraid that the destruction of the mere planes, I am afraid that it is only a matter of turning over the rain.

"Xuuuu!" After a short while, Xiao Yan's fighting qi had already turned into a group of light and the beast of flames was shrinking and sleeping, but the light group emitted a greedy aura, continuously absorbing the power of the Acacia fruit, and seemed to be the same as Xiao Yan. Grab energy in general.

"This..." One day, when he noticed this funny scene, Xiao Yan couldn't help but want to curse.

The origin of this fiery beast is unknown, and it is said to be the king of all beasts, but the previous time it fell into a deep sleep, and this time it actually grabbed food directly in front of him, which made Xiao Yan look rather ugly.

Two fighting cores, one fiery red, one cyan, and two fighting immortals with fire attributes and wood attributes are still round cores of tens of meters in size, but with the absorption of a lot of acacia fruit The energy has undergone some subtle changes.

"Boom!" After the breath, Xiao Yan controlled the power in the Acacia Fruit, and scattered one-tenth of the light group towards the King of Beasts, but don't underestimate this one-tenth of the energy, This kind of energy is comparable to some magical medicines of the fourth-grade immortal rank.

"I hope next time you show up, you can help, otherwise you will eat so many resources in vain, but some of them can't be justified." As the king of beasts Guang Tuan absorbed a lot of the power of Acacia fruit, it suddenly dimmed, but Xiao Xiao Yan found that the king of beasts inside this light group seemed to be undergoing a very wonderful transformation.

"The power of this lovesickness fruit is really majestic. It took so long to absorb it, and there is still some leftover." After the breath, Xiao Yan found that the two bucket cores in his body were nearly saturated, and he shook his head immediately.

"Boom!" In an instant, there was still a quarter of the energy in the Acacia fruit that had not been absorbed, and at the same time, Xiao Yan's core was saturated, and the energy that had nowhere to put suddenly became restless, faintly faint. About Xiao Yan's body whizzed away.

"It's not good... if this goes on, it's going to explode!" Xiao Yan was shocked when he saw this. He originally thought that his two fighting cores would naturally be able to absorb most of the power in the Acacia Fruit, but in this Acacia Fruit Although the energy of Xiao Yan is pure, it contains a peculiar power of lovesickness, so when the remaining one-quarter is left, Xiao Yan's body is full of saturated aura.

"Little guy, it's cheaper for you!" After a while, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, suddenly shouted, and suddenly a dazzling suction force emerged, directly irrigating the remaining power of the acacia fruit against the sea of ​​fighting qi in the body!

"Xuuu!" Such dazzling energy has just emerged in the Dou Qi Sea, and the two Dou Cores immediately descended from above, giving off an extremely vigilant aura.

"Bang bang bang!" It seems that he knew Xiao Yan's intentions. A trace of energy emerged from the mysterious light group that enveloped the King of Beasts, and then easily pulled the remaining Acacia power to directly face the inside of the light group. And go.

"Weng buzzing!" He was still aggressively trying to see the power of lovesickness bursting out of Xiao Yan's body, and he flew towards the sea of ​​vindictiveness. fatal.

"Boom!" It's a pity that the King of Beasts will not give the power of lovesickness a chance to escape. For him, these powers are the tonics of great nourishment. After a while, the mysterious rays of light just came, and all of a sudden, there was no trace of it. All the remaining Acacia power was directly irrigated into the light group that enveloped him.

"Crash!" After a while, an irresistible terrifying pressure suddenly emerged from the light group of the King of Beasts.

"Wait... this coercion?"

"Demon Emperor?"

"What does this little guy have to do with the Demon Emperor? Why do I feel the same aura as the Demon Emperor from this coercion?" Suddenly, the Master of Soul Eater lost his voice.

The overall strength of Soul Eater is not as tyrannical as the overlord of the demon world, the demon emperor, but he has the power to fight against the demon emperor, and he is familiar with the demon emperor, but now Xiao Yan's body, the king of all beasts, has the same aura as the demon emperor. Somewhat similar, which surprised Soul Eater.

"Forget it, let me, this disciple, do these things myself in the future." After a while, the Soul Eater did not speak rashly, but chose to calm down.

"Hoohoo."

"In the late stage of Sanxing Dou Xian, give me a breakthrough!" In the next moment, all the remaining power of lovesickness was solved, and Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly An indescribable terrifying energy suddenly came out of his body. emerge!

"Boom!" As Xiao Yan spoke, the entire pink space suddenly became restless, and even the two bucket cores in Xiao Yan's body were spinning at high speed. The power spread out and immediately gathered towards Xiao Yan's limbs and bones, and this moisturizing even made Xiao Yan's body strength even higher.

"Bang bang bang!" A muffled thunder sound suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's heart, and Xiao Yan's breath suddenly increased slowly.

"Finally... the three-star battle of immortals is complete!" Xiao Yan also smiled gratified when he noticed this scene!

However, Xiao Yan did not expect that the energy contained in this Acacia Fruit is actually so huge. This energy may not be inferior to the energy contained in the Fighting Immortal Pill. Just to absorb the Acacia Fruit, we must use the power of Acacia, otherwise this will The fruit is also no different from the normal normal fruit.

With Xiao Yan's smooth breakthrough to the Samsung Dou Xian Consummation, but Xiao Yan did not find out that the Acacia power and some power contained in the Acacia Fruit slowly entered its Holy Flame Space, and the Holy Flame Space There are also some mutations that have slowly occurred, and this mutation is a fluctuation in the field.