Chapter Vol 4 1917: Accident, news!

The latest website: "Weng Om!" In the black desert, a huge groove of thousands of meters was directly hit by the blue-faced bull demon.

"Master Snake, are you alright?" After Xiao Yan temporarily solved the blue-faced bull demon, he emerged from the beam of light. As for the army of tens of thousands of monsters surrounding them, they did not dare to advance at all, and their eyes were shocked. Looking at Xiao Yan in front of him was like looking at a monster!

"It's the old man's clumsy eyes, you are really scary." Snake put his hand on Xiao Yan's shoulder, feeling the terrifying power in Xiao Yan's body, and couldn't help laughing.

"Oh?"

"This is?"

"Breakthrough?" After a simple induction, Snake Handsome couldn't help muttering.

"Well, it broke through a little bit."

"And the enemies in the Tianyuan battlefield have been completely expelled." Xiao Yan smiled cheerfully, quite easy-going.

"What?" After listening to Snake Handsome, his pupils could not help shrinking suddenly, as if he heard something that frightened him.

When Xiao Yan's strength was still in the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Xian, he was able to tie the battle with the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian. Now that he has broken through to the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Xian, that kind of combat power is probably...

Moreover, as Xiao Yan said lightly, the Tianyuan Mountains had been completely expelled at this time, and his heart was even more terrifying.

In the Tianyuan battlefield, there are 100,000 demon beast legions of the evil-eyed demon king, where is the degree of danger, I am afraid...

"We'll talk about it in a while, wait until I have dealt with these two guys first." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he threw himself into the battle.

"What nonsense!"

"There are evil-eyed demon kings and 100,000 demon beast legions in the Tianyuan Mountain battlefield, and you are trying to subdue them?"

"Idiot talking about a dream!" At this moment, the human-looking demon handsome snorted coldly.

"Stop talking nonsense, just do it, otherwise you won't know how you died." Xiao Yan opened his mouth softly, stretched slightly, and said lazily.

It seems that after breaking through the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, Xiao Yan's control of power has become more powerful.

"Boom!" With a loud voice, the human-looking monster shuddered suddenly, his body shattered, and he instantly turned into a tiger-shaped monster, a huge body surrounded by a ferocious green monster, and the fluff seemed to have some kind of special effect under the breeze. general magic.

"Come together!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and the amber flame suddenly formed a ferocious giant python in front of his body!

The giant python formed by amber flames, the four-color flame snake eyes flashed with an unusually cold temperature, and the countless snake scales surrounded by flames contained incomparably powerful power, and the snake letter seemed to be enough to spit out everything. Crushed clean!

"Blue-faced bull demon!"

"Yuegu Yaohu!" In an instant, looking at the terrifying offensive beside Xiao Yan, the two demon commanders snorted coldly at the same time, the demonic beast body erupted, and the dazzling demonic energy rose into the sky, sending both of them away. The monster body is even more terrifying.

At this time, countless tiny fluffs on the blue-faced bull demon flickered with a rare dim light, and that dim light was actually absorbing the power in the dark desert, and its beast eyes contained an extreme Crazy bloodthirsty, tightly locked on Xiao Yan!

On the other side, the mane of the Moon Arc Demon Tiger was surrounded by demonic energy, and on the whole body was a moonbow that was vaguely solidified. The terrifying force swept out.

"Kill me!" Seeing the two fierce attacks, Xiao Yan had no fear, and released the cold killing intent.

If his strength is still in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Xian, he may be a little afraid, but now he is already in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Xian. If he is dealing with the early stage of the Eight Star Dou Xian, as long as he is not a particularly perverted guy, obviously it will not be a problem.

Obviously, the strength of the two in front of them is in the early stage of Eight Star Dou Xian, and they are only at the bottom.

"Boom!" The heat wave swept across the entire black desert, and circles of flame energy were vented from the flame python, completely entangling the monsters that were trying to attack. The scorching temperature of the holy flame made them unable to move. .

"Crash!" At this moment, the blue-faced bull demon was roaring all over, trampling on the black desert, and blasting away at Xiao Yan with the destructive power that was overwhelming.

"嘁偁嘁!" At this time, the flame python swooped down, carrying amber flames, directly facing the blue-faced bull demon.

"Tear la la!" The two just touched, and the unusually sharp voice suddenly stimulated the souls of every monster present.

"Boom!" With a sound, the amber flames slowly poured into the body of the blue-faced bull demon along the edge where the two touched, and a deafening sound filled the air.

"Ah, ah!" Rao used the terrifying defensive power of the blue-faced bull demon. After being attacked by the amber flames, he couldn't help screaming. Those terrifying temperatures that could burn even the soul made the green-faced bull demon. The devil is truly moved.

"Everlasting Ruler!" When the blue-faced bull demon was bound by the flame python, Xiao Yan's body disappeared into the void like a ghost, and approached the moon arc demon tiger.

"What about people?"

"Where did you go?" The Moon Arc Demon Tiger was just about to pull Gong Xuan and unleash a devastating blow, but found that Xiao Yan's figure above the sky suddenly disappeared, and asked in doubt.

"I'm here." The voice emerged, and immediately behind the Moon Arc Demon Tiger, a giant ruler with dazzling flames slashed directly at it.

"I can't help myself, my Gong Xuan is formed of special materials and fighting skills. You are playing a tiger in the class... Impossible!" As soon as the moon arc demon tiger finished speaking, he saw the exquisiteness on his body. The Gong Xuan of Xiao Yan, under Xiao Yan's bleak and ancient ruler's heavy ruler, cracks emerged from it.

"Kacha!" With a sound, Gong Xuan shattered, and the Moon Arc Demon Tiger suddenly slammed, a mouthful of blood spurted out, and the aura in the body became weak at the same time. Obviously, this Gong Xuan is linked to its origin. Now that Gong Xuan is broken, the origin is naturally fast. decline.

"I don't know who you are, but if I were you, I wouldn't waste my time here."

"Because the personal guards of the black dragon wolf and several demon kings are probably in danger under the attack of our master."

"If I go now, I'm afraid it's still too late... Otherwise, those guys will die!" The Moon Arc Demon Tiger couldn't help covering his wounds and said solemnly.

"Master Snake, what he said..." Xiao Yan tilted his head and asked, these two guys were obviously not his opponents.

"Sir, what they said is true." Snake said with relief.

"Go away." In an instant, Xiao Yan took the flaming python back and stood quietly in the sky, with his hands on his back and the ancient ruler behind him.

"Let's go!" Seeing Xiao Yan's scene, the two demon marshals did not dare to hesitate, and immediately retreated towards the base camp with these demon beast legions.

They knew that the power contained in this Xiao Yan was too strange. If he insisted on keeping them, he would probably lose more than the gains. Of course, the old, weak, sick and disabled army of Snake Commander and others could not have any influence on them, so Xiao Yan would let them go. pass them.

"Monster King, where are you now?"

"Take me." After the guys left for a while, Xiao Yan spoke slowly, his voice filled with extreme heaviness.

But Xiao Yan knew that in order to find the Heisha Dragon and Wolf, the guards under the protection of the demon kings must go!

Even if you will encounter the reincarnation level powerhouse in the demon world!

Must go!