Chapter 20: Demons?

The Buddha's Fury Lotus has always been Xiao Yan's biggest killer! When in Dou Qi Continent, Xiao Yan used Fen Jue to forcibly fuse a variety of different fires into a tiny lotus seed with terrifying power, finding the right opportunity to inflict heavy damage on the enemy!

Since obtaining the inheritance of the ancient emperor Tuoshe, with the power of the first emperor Yan on the Yihuo list, the fusion of Yihuo has become much smoother, and the power is also much greater, although Xiao Yan has his own master left behind. "Emperor's Flame Ring", there are also a lot of medicinal herbs and fighting skills in it, but when you come to Doudi Continent, one is that there is no time to study carefully, and the other is that there is no suitable place, so now you can deal with the strong. There are few fighting skills that can be used to attack, and you can only rely on the violent force of the fusion of different fires to kill!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying berserk factor rippled in circles and circles. A huge tunnel appeared where the man in black was originally, and the aftermath spread out in circles, and after a while, there was smoke. After dispersing, in the huge tunnel, a mutilated figure slowly appeared in front of several people.

Originally, the man in black was a little disdainful of Xiao Yan, who used the secret method to increase his strength. He thought that this kind of ant could easily handle the ants in his hands. How could he imagine that this kind of ant could actually display such a terrifying offensive, and he almost died! This Xiao Yan in front of him is really damn!

The man in black who survived from the blast center, Xiao Yan looked at it carefully and only lost one hand and one foot! You must know that it was the Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus, which was bred by combining the violent power of the six different fires, and it also fell into a short stagnation after the soul attack of Qing Yuan's full-strength strike. The only means of defending against the soul attack was Xiao Yan. It was shattered in the previous attack, and even Xiao Yan's strongest attack only caused heavy damage to the man in black!

That man in black with a complete three-star Dou Di would be so terrifying!

The black-clothed man's hands and feet continued to have some dark black blood flowing out, and the blood flowed from the broken hands and feet, giving people a pungent smell of blood from afar.

"Little bastard, you can actually force me to be so embarrassed, I have to kill you today to sacrifice to my demons!" The man in black roared at Xiao Yan with an unsightly face.

Xiao Yan looked at the ferocious face of the man in black before him, and almost subconsciously made a move, because even though the man in black suffered such heavy damage, the aura emanating from his body was stronger than just now! Years of combat experience made Xiao Yan know that it meant that the man in black in front of him was going to use his trump card! Even if they die together!

"All dead souls obey my orders, sacrifice!" The man in black took out a bag with his only remaining hand, and shouted loudly.

Immediately, some soul bodies flew out of the bag that the man in black took out, all of them flying into the sky!

"Just drown in this darkness!"

"Hahaha!" After speaking, the unsightly body of the man in black burst into flames!

Xiao Yan felt the smell of destruction from the actions of the man in black, and the attack that was almost on the verge of being shot had to stop under the demonic energy that filled the sky.

Pieces of dark aura slowly floated into the sky from where the man in black was, forming a huge figure!

The original face of the man in black was projected into a huge evil figure in the sky. Except for the head, the whole body of the huge figure was covered with dense human heads!

"damn it!"

"Master, what should we do?" Xiao Yan asked in a deep voice. Indeed, the situation in front of him has surpassed Xiao Yan's understanding, and immediately he had to ask his master Jinlong King for help.

"This?"

"It's actually the corpse control method for the soul of the corpse demon family!" The Golden Dragon King exclaimed in surprise in the ring.

"Don't worry about this, look at the black shadow on the ground where the man in black is, that means that the soul he collected has not been fully integrated into the ghost in the sky, we are in etc."

"Because this corpse demon family pays attention to collecting souls and controlling corpse puppets, this is a good thing for you." The Golden Dragon King couldn't help laughing.

"Master, why don't we save them and let the ghosts merge like this, I'm afraid..." Xiao Yan didn't know the strength of the Golden Dragon King very well, so he couldn't help worrying.

"It's not impossible to save them, but according to my observations, most of them have been eroded by the demonic energy of the demon race, and their sanity may not be completely left, and these souls already know that even if they fight hard, they will inevitably be swallowed up, but you If you liberate them, wouldn't it be a big supplement to you?" The Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Yan and asked.

"As for my strength, you can rest assured. When I was at my peak, this kind of ant was not worth mentioning, even if the state of my soul is not something to be afraid of!" The Golden Dragon King exuded a powerful coercion.

Although the Golden Dragon King is not a pharmacist, his understanding of pharmacists is no worse than others. Although it is indeed too cruel to use the soul to enhance the power of the soul, it is better to help these souls to free them than to be enslaved by the demons. It will be very grateful to integrate into Xiao Yan's body! Because after all, they are all strong in the Great Thousand World, and the Great Thousand World is at odds with the Demon Race!

"Collecting souls? It's the same as the soul clan on the Dou Qi Continent back then. Although the purpose is different, the method can only be collected by killing countless creatures. UU read www.uukanshu.com" Xiao Yan looked at the sky The phantom that was still strengthening, more and more souls drifted to the sky from the black smoke turned by the men in black.

There are weak souls, and there are also powerful souls, but they are all merged into the shadow of the sky. Xiao Yan saw a trace of prayer in their eyes, as if praying for Xiao Yan to free them. After all, they are all from the great world. The strong, even if they die, they are not willing to be used by the demons!

"Sisi..." When the last soul merged into the shadow in the sky, the shadow exuded a monstrous and evil aura, causing the entire small space to tremble slightly.

Xiao Yan looked at the huge ghost in the sky and remained silent.

In the distance, Yueru had just recovered from the vibration of the Buddha's wrathful fire lotus, and then she saw the moment when the man in black turned into a gigantic ghost, her little hand couldn't help covering her slightly trembling lips, "Today, I'm going to die. Are you here?"

Qing Yuan, who was on the side, had just launched a soul attack, which obviously used all the strength of his body, and also passed out. Xiao Yi stood beside the two girls, looking like a cute porcelain doll from a distance.

"Xiaoyi, Yueru, take good care of Qingyuan, stay away, trust me!" Xiao Yan hurriedly comforted.

Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan have a heart-to-heart connection. Naturally, they know Xiao Yan's plan. They stretch out their pink and tender little hands and pull Yueru and Qing Yuan back. Yueru said, "Sister Yueru, don't worry, the master will deal with it, we have to trust the master..." Seeing that Yueru was not so frightened anymore, her eyes focused on the thin man in front of her.

"Master, now that the shadow is fully formed, what should we do?" Xiao Yan listened to the words of the master, and waited until the shadow was completely condensed before asking.