Chapter Vol 4 2050: Ancient Dragon Origin Crystal?

"Titan giant?"

"No, this is probably a giant Titan who is still in its infancy." Hearing Xiao Yan's voice, Xun'er also raised her beautiful eyes and looked at the terrifying big guy in front of her, she couldn't help but muttered. .

"The three overlords of the Titan family, the Emperor Titan, the Titan Giant, and the Titan Mammoth, are the representatives of the power of the World of Warcraft, and they are like real giants."

"Even if this guy is only in his infancy now, I am afraid it is extremely difficult to deal with. After all, the Titan giant is known for its strength. One punch and one kick is enough to shatter mountains and the earth, and has the terrifying power of destroying the world. This guy is more powerful than Titan. Mammoths are more powerful." Xiao Yan said suspiciously.

"Hoohoho!" The giant titan violently bombarded his chest with both hands, and a deafening roar filled with countless sound waves attacked Xiao Yan and the two.

"Brother Xiao Yan, wait, it doesn't seem to be malicious?" Just when Xiao Yan was about to start, Xun'er couldn't help but speak out.

With the power of the Reincarnation Seal, Xun'er has a more thorough sense of the mood changes of the Titans. It seems that its target is this young man in his hands?

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan wondered in his heart, and before he could make any move, he suddenly saw a giant titan rushing towards him in the distance. In addition to the thick and thick silver hair on his arms, there was also a There are **** and beautiful giant rock lines. Those lines are like the most perfect masterpieces of the gods. However, Xiao Yan knows that the natural power of the Titan giant is probably closely related to this kind of lines.

"Huuuuu!" The Titan giant just came to Xiao Yan and bypassed Xiao Yan. Obviously Xiao Yan also gave it a dangerous aura, and immediately squatted down with his feet bent, his huge fingers stretched out to face Xun'er behind him. The medicine stone goes back to the point.

"What's the situation?" Xiao Yan was at a loss when he saw this.

"The things here are probably related to him. Brother Xiao Yan, look..." At this time, Xun'er looked at Xiao Yan innocently, waiting for Xiao Yan's actions.

"Give it to it." Xiao Yan nodded, but the whole body's strength was ready to be released at any time. Once the titan giant had any wrongdoing, he would immediately take action.

"Weng Om!" Xun'er used her holy flame to slowly drag the unconscious medicine stone back, and then quietly landed on the palm of the giant Titan.

"Boom!" As soon as the giant titan returned from catching the medicine stone, his whole body shook with excitement, the ground shook, and the entire valley trembled.

"Xuuuu!" After a short while, Yao Shi Gui Zhou's clothes shattered directly, and faint blood-colored lines slowly emerged.

"Is this the divine power pattern of the Titans?"

"How can this medicine stone have the divine power lines of the Titans?"

"This kind of pattern is the representative of the power of the titan..." At this time, Xiao Yan couldn't help but envied.

The representative of the power of the titan, this mysterious pattern undoubtedly occupies an extremely important part. According to Xiao Yan's guess, at least it is at the level that can be used as the first transformation of his own dragon god.

"Dong, dong, dong!" The titan giant in its infancy was cheering, and there were also mysterious patterns on its body, which were perfectly integrated with the power of Yao Shigui.

"Squeak." After a while, a bolt of lightning-like energy was injected into the medicine stone and returned to the body. Suddenly, the Titan's body trembled slightly, and in the blink of an eye, its body disintegrated, turned into pieces of rock that fell off, and crawls quietly in this valley.

That feeling is not that the Titans have fallen, but that they remain here in a very special way.

"This is?" Seeing this, Xun'er, who has always been well-informed, was also puzzled.

"According to ancient books, this should be the method of evolution of the Titans."

"Titan giants are powered by mountains, rivers, rocks, and rivers, and their evolution is naturally different. Perhaps soon, this young guy will enter adulthood, and its strength will skyrocket from today's Seven Star Fighting Immortal to the real Eight Stars. List."

"If it is expected to evolve into the legendary golden-wheeled titan giant, I'm afraid that kind of power is comparable to the reincarnation of human beings." Xiao Yan rubbed Xun'er's little head and said with a doting face.

"Are you alright?" With the disappearance of the giant titan, Yao Shigui twisted around, the brilliance on his body gradually disappeared, and there were faint signs of awakening. Xiao Yan rushed into the air and rescued him.

"Big brother, I'm fine, just now I remember that there seems to be a big guy..." Yao Shigui tried to recall.

"That's the Titan. It should have a lot of connections with you." Xiao Yan didn't hide it, he said directly.

"Above, there are some treasures for you. The big guy just gave me some precious things. It can slowly open the power in my body. I may have to retreat here." Yao Shigui said in a particularly solemn voice. .

"Since you're going to retreat, why don't I give you a good thing."

"Well, this thing is for you." Xiao Yan gently took out the Fengzi Yaodan he had refined, and immediately handed the medicine stone to Gui.

"This is... the Fengzi Yaodan at the pinnacle of the sixth-grade heavenly rank?"

"Big brother, this thing is too precious, I can't take it." Yao Shigui looked in his eyes and hurriedly declined. Although he was not an alchemist, but because he had been in the medicine family for a long time, he naturally knew the value of this level of medicine. , is not measurable by money.

"You and I are destined, so I gave it to you. If you think it's so inappropriate then if I have any difficulties in the future, just help me back." Xiao Yan smiled casually, obviously Such a precious medicinal pill in the eyes of ordinary people is not worth mentioning in his eyes.

"Well, thank you big brother." At this moment, a warm current slowly emerged in Yao Shigui's heart, just now, relying on this medicine pill and the things just given by the giant Titan, he was able to completely crack the secrets in his body.

"I have retreated. As a return gift, the cloud-grey light cluster above the valley will be given to my big brother." After Yaoshigui finished speaking, a layer of silver rocks slowly emerged around his body, and soon he was about to transform his body and the rocks below the giant Titan. Linked together, it is obvious that he has entered a deep retreat, but with such a terrifying help, I am afraid that the next time he leaves the retreat, this guy's body will undergo a qualitative leap!

"What exactly is in this place?" After settling down, Xiao Yan and Xun'er joined hands and walked towards the gray light above the cumulus clouds.

The two just came to the top of the cumulus cloud beside the gray light, and a wave of depression passed out. Among them, the dragon **** in Xiao Yan’s body suddenly boiled, and it seemed that the thing in front of him had a fatal attraction to it. !

"This is... an ancient dragon origin blood crystal?" After the blink of an eye, with the release of Xiao Yan's soul power, when the perception feedback came back, in the hazy light mass, a breath as vast as a sea like abyss, Slowly paving the way.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: