Chapter Vol 4 1707: Can't you die?

"Xiao'er...is that you?" The doll said indifferently, while speaking, his body stiffened in mid-air and walked towards You'er step by step, not paying any attention to what was wrong with Xiao Yan. It seems that Xiao Yan is just a superfluous item to her, and she can obliterate it at will.

"Xiao Yan, what are you doing!"

"This is Master Xuanyue. She is a very famous powerhouse in our Soul Academy. She loved me very much when I was a child, but during a certain research, the test item changed, causing the Master to disappear from the Soul Academy. She didn't die, but exists here, I want to go to see her now!" Seeing Xiao Yan reaching out to stop him, You Er couldn't help but said angrily, even above the beautiful eyes, the look of the past was gone, but instead There is a very subtle and strange fluctuation.

"I'm afraid this girl will be controlled." After Xiao Yan thought for a while, he said slightly in the bottom of his heart, and immediately retracted his arm, but left a trace of strength behind You Er. Once she has any situation, she will immediately take action After all, the power of this puppet is only at the late stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal. Now that Xiao Yan is exerting his full strength, it is naturally not something to be afraid of.

"Xiao Er, I finally saw you again, and I thought I would never see you again." After a while, You Er and the figure of the puppet overlapped, and the puppet complained slightly crying.

"Master, how could you... Didn't the news of your death already come out?" You Er couldn't help asking, overlapping with the figure of the doll.

In the Soul Academy, all are soul bodies, and Xuanyue can only use this form because of her obsession with some special research, so You Er is not surprised.

"Hey...Xiao Er, you don't know something. When the research project failed, the entire laboratory was facing the threat of explosion, and at the last moment, all the personnel fell into it. I relied on a bit of luck and barely escaped. Since then After that, I was taken in by the West God Temple and stayed here." The doll and You Er kept talking, like an old friend who hadn't seen each other for a long time, so that people couldn't notice anything wrong, but it was this situation, Xiao Yan felt a chill in his heart. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"The equipment and these things here are clearly carrying out some inhuman research. This puppet doesn't seem to be a good ghost..."

"Forget it, I can't waste time." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, his eyes became deep, always paying attention to the words of the doll.

"So... go to hell!" After a while, the gentle ragdoll's pupils suddenly burst into pieces of blood, and immediately opened its small mouth slightly, biting towards You Er who was close at hand.

"Not good!" At this moment, You Er's expression returned to normal, and he secretly shouted, but at such a close distance, it was too late.

"You Mingtian!" After the breath, a pleasant sound like a chirping emerged, and immediately filled the entire house.

"Ahhh!"

"Stinky boy, it's bad for me... Let's die together." Seeing that his blow was unsuccessful, the figure of the doll flew away and disappeared into the house.

"Hey!" The figure of the doll just fell, and suddenly the guys in the transparent coffins slowly opened their eyes, woke up, and even their breath soared.

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, the coffin shattered, and five black shadows emerged at the same time.

"Four six-star fighting immortals in the early stage, one six-star fighting immortal mid-stage, still a human body, it seems that this guy should be researching the creation of puppet-like sorcery." Watching the five figures awakened vigilantly, Xiao Yan looked calm. the way.

These five people are clearly human bodies, with flesh and blood, but unfortunately they do not have intelligence, they are like killing machines, but even so, the real strength of the six-star fighting immortals in their bodies should not be underestimated.

"It's too strong, I'll stop them for a while, Xiao Yan, you go first." Looking at this scene, You Er's expression was extremely solemn. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's help just now, I'm afraid that he would have been completely defeated.

"No, you help me keep an eye on that Xuanyue, these guys, leave it to me." Xiao Yan shook his head and said, there are still three places to go, so we must hurry up, otherwise once the Master of Soul Li successfully breaks through, the reincarnation realm will be destroyed. The powerhouse, even if Xiao Yan used his clan pattern and summoned the Ten Temples of Yama, would probably only be in a state of fall. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

And now Xiao Yan can clearly feel that since he encountered Xiao Zifan's power of the clan mark, whether it was because of its influence or something else, the guys in his clan mark were just about to move. If Xiao Yan tried his best to summon, I am afraid enough to summon it.

As for the Ten Temple Yama, this is the strongest guardian of the Xiao Clan. Xiao Yan doesn't know how strong their power is, but if they can be respected by countless powerhouses in the Great Thousand World, that kind of strength will naturally not be too weak.

This is Xiao Yan's last reliance.

"Crash!" The five puppet fighting immortals just appeared, and suddenly there was a strange ghostly energy on their bodies. Immediately, without any hesitation, they raised their hands and ran directly towards Xiao Yan. The power contained in their palms, It was enough to easily tear Xiao Yan into two halves.

"Dragon God's first change!" Seeing this terrifying attack, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and a tyrannical wave also filled his body!

"The Third Transformation of the Dragon God!"

"Fighting Soul!" At the next moment, without any hesitation, the covering of Fighting Soul and the display of Dragon God's third transformation brought Xiao Yan's power to a higher level.

"This guy... is actually so strong?" Seeing Xiao Yan's posture, You Er covered the corners of his mouth with a jade hand, and couldn't help but be surprised.

Although Xiao Yan said that his strength was only in the middle stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, the power he displayed today was not inferior to the average Six-Star Fighting Immortal.

"Bang bang bang!" Without any fancy, just relying on the power of the fist, one punch and one kick became Xiao Yan's best weapon, and Xiao Yan was originally the strongest posture in close combat, so the five puppets were one Time is crumbling down.

"Xuanyue, get out of here!"

"Find out the entrance of this place for me... otherwise!" After the five puppets were settled, Xiao Yan didn't make any extra moves, but simply roared. Gray flames, surrounded together.

"Pfft!" With a sound, a door of light emerged from behind the huge void of the house.

"Let's go!" After confirming that there was nothing wrong, the figures of Xiao Yan and You Er jumped directly into it.

"What a pervert, three holy flames are added at the same time. It seems that this matter must be reported to the Lord of the Palace." Xuanyue puppet came out slightly. In fact, although she is strong, her fighting power is weak. The scum, because her strength was accumulated by swallowing medicinal pills, so her combat strength was weak, so seeing Xiao Yan's arrogant posture, she could only obediently let him pass.

"Excuse me, you may not have a chance." At this time, a rather ordinary man appeared and immediately smiled.

"Eight... Eight Stars Fighting Immortals?" And the Xuanyue puppet doll's pupils shrank tightly, and a flash of shock emerged, and before there was any reaction, it was completely obliterated by it!

"Xiao Yan, this guy is really bold, but this time, I will accompany you to go crazy."

"It's just that in this temple, there seems to be something that frightens me... Then what is it..." As soon as the voice fell, the Heisha Dragon Wolf was also hiding, and followed Xiao Yan and the two towards the next place. go.