Chapter 663: Lingyun, defeat!

"Shabu shabu!!" Beside Ling Yun, the fierce energy of life poured out from the four women, and then directly confronted the four of them Mu Yingying!

Except for Ling Yun, the terrifying vitality of the four women made the air in this space exude a bit of solemnity, but Mu Yingying and the four were by no means ordinary people.

Seeing this, Mu Yingying couldn't help but say a word in her heart, and then the terrifying Dou Qi fluctuations on the four of them were born in an instant, directly confronting the four of them!

The first to bear the brunt is Mu Yingying!

Mu Yingying was covered in azure flames, and this azure flame revealed a scorching temperature between the lines. The next moment, Mu Yingying's figure exploded, and the terrifying attack went directly at a woman. The extent of that made the woman secretly smack her tongue!

Then there was Mu Feng, the wooden sword in his hand came out, and a huge black-blue Dou Qi roared away directly, and the momentum was very terrifying!

The green flute is a green poisonous fighting qi, and it is also quite terrifying!

Even though Lingxuan is the eldest lady, her strength in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di should not be underestimated!

"Xiao Yan, look at the tricks!" Although Ling Yun was arrogant, he did not underestimate Xiao Yan in the slightest.

"Huh!" Xiao Yan exclaimed softly, and the extremely dazzling Emperor Yan slowly spread out, staring at Ling Yun with a solemn expression!

"Come on!" Xiao Yan said softly, and then the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him twitched instantly!

It's just that before Xiao Yan started, the core inscription in his body kept moving, forming a formation around Ling Yun. Ling Yun was too focused and didn't notice it.

"Flower Hand!" With a coquettish roar, Ling Yun's dazzling energy of life was immediately attached to his palm, and a suffocating terrifying aura emerged spontaneously in his palm.

In the face of such a terrifying attack, even from a short distance, Xiao Yan can understand that this is no child's play!

"fire!"

"The first foot of the seven-layered sky-shattering ruler!" Xiao Yan's imposing manner immediately burst out, and all the horrors of Emperor Yan's flames were revealed!

"Boom boom boom!" Ling Yun's dazzling flower hand directly projected towards Xiao Yan without hesitation, like a meteorite falling from the sky!

Xiao Yan's attack was not far behind, the first layer of the seven-layered sky-breaking ruler directly chopped away, and the giant ruler with Emperor Yan and the white palm print instantly blended!

"Shabu Shabu!" Wherever the two of them were standing, fire was everywhere!

"Tsk tsk tsk, these Ling Yun and Xiao Yan are indeed worthy of being the powerhouses in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di. They used such terrifying power from the very beginning." Qianzhang, who was hiding in the dark, said slowly, but in those eyes The strong thirst for war could not be concealed.

"The strength of these two is really strong, but I don't know who has a better chance of winning in this battle." Tan Shaoyang said slowly, for Ling Yun and Xiao Yan, one of them is one of the strongest in their palace, and the other It is the strongest in the Hall of People, and it is really hard to tell which one is stronger and which one is weaker.

"It's hard to say. Although Ling Yun is extremely powerful, Xiao Yan seems to have a lot of secrets. Even if it's me, I don't have the certainty of winning." Guang Lu said thoughtfully. The human energy fusion technique was easily resolved by Xiao Yan. The central reason for this, Guanglu still doesn't know the reason.

"I heard that the ground team has entered inside..."

"It's just that I don't know which of the three major mountain ranges the team entered..." Anli was not worried about the victory of Xiao Yan and Ling Yun's team at all, and put all his thoughts into the three mountain ranges!

"I have to say, you are very strong!" During the battle, Ling Yun made several very proud attacks, but every fatal attack would be resolved by Xiao Yan, which made Ling Yun, who was always arrogant, to Xiao Yan. With a new understanding.

"You also exceeded my expectations. I didn't expect you to be so tyrannical." Xiao Yan shook the dust on his shoulders and said.

"Come again!" Ling Yun paused for a while and said a few words, and then the dazzling energy of life emerged, gathered on the palm of his hand, and slapped Xiao Yan!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's eyes were quick and his hands were fast, and the ancient ruler of the ancient fire of fire suddenly lifted up, just blocking Ling Yun's terrifying blow.

"Drink!" Ling Yun snorted coldly when he saw that his attack was blocked, and even more terrifying power burst out, trying to break through the strange fire and ancient ruler in front of Xiao Yan to give him a fatal blow!

"Your strength is not enough!" After all, Xiao Yan is someone who has experienced strong winds and waves. Faced with Ling Yun's fierce attack, he suddenly exerted force with both hands, and with the help of the anti-vibration of the Heng Ancient Ruler of Different Fire, he instantly sent Ling Yun Zhen flying out. Immediately open the distance quickly!

"Pretend to be a ghost!" Ling Yun's figure was shaken by Xiao Yan's strange fire and ancient ruler, and the shock was not light. He took several steps back in a row to stabilize his pace, but Ling Yun found that as the fighting time got longer and longer, His own strengths are getting less and less, but this Xiao Yan is getting stronger and stronger.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What's going on?" At the next moment, Ling Yun's beautiful eyes exuded a trace of doubt, and then an extremely hot wave of fire suddenly appeared in the surrounding space, surrounding the two of them!

"It's time to end!"

"Although I have to say that you are very strong, I have to win this wooden card, so..."

"Offended!" Xiao Yan's voice changed from the calm before, replaced by an unfathomable depth like an abyss!

"asshole!"

"This is... a formation?" Ling Yun continuously volatized several terrifying energy of life, but found that he couldn't break through this space no matter what, and immediately bit his lips slightly, a feeling that something was wrong. Born out of my heart.

"Great Heaven's Fortune Palm!"

"The first two or three feet of the seven-layer breaking sky ruler!"

"Three-foot bursts!"

Xiao Yan's majestic voice is like a monarch in flames with an incomparable aura, only to force Lingyun!

Facing Xiao Yan's terrifying space, Ling Yun's beautiful eyes beat a few times calmly, and then a wave of fear filled her heart.

"No wonder I was able to defeat the twin ghost emperors. There are still some means, but..."

"The power of life, the strike of life!" In the next moment, Ling Yun's eyes flashed with an unyielding spirit!

At this time, almost all the energy of life in Ling Yun's body was twitched, and a strong energy of life permeated this special formation space, but Xiao Yan's side was not afraid of vegetarianism!

The huge palm print of the great heaven and the three huge rulers roared past!

"Xiao Yan!"

"Just let me see how powerful you are!" Ling Yun laughed at himself, and immediately shot all the energy in his body towards Xiao Yan's attack without hesitation!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying fluctuations of the two just collided, and Xiao Yan's formation immediately shattered, and then the terrifying heat wave spread out in circle after circle.

"Get ready, they have already decided the winner..." Just when the smoke slowly dissipated, Guanglu, the captain of the Dawning Team, suddenly said.

When the other members of the Dawning Team heard the words, their eyes widened, and in the center of the smoke, they could only vaguely see the figure of a young man with a heavy ruler on his back!

Ask for tickets!