Chapter Vol 4 1580: The spirit of the Acacia tree!

"Crash!" As the pink void disappeared, a large green grassland suddenly replaced Xiao Yan's line of sight and appeared in front of Xiao Yan, who was standing on the edge of the grassland at this time.

On the grassland, wisps of grass and trees wafting in the wind emerged spontaneously, but these small grasses and trees seemed to have extremely terrifying vitality, and they all seemed to be looking towards the center of the grassland.

"What is that..." He slowly raised his head and stared at a sunken basin in the center above the grass. Xiao Yan couldn't help but said. With his tyrannical soul power, he suddenly discovered that something seemed amiss.

"This should be the inner space of the Acacia tree." After Shun breathed, the Lord of Soul Eater glanced around and said.

"Go and have a look." After some investigations found that there was no danger, Xiao Yan stared solemnly at the special area in the center of the grassland.

"Xuuuu!" After a while, Xiao Yan's figure suddenly came to the center of the grassland, stood on the edge and looked down, a touch of shock appeared in his heart.

At this time, in the valley that is sunken in the center of the grass, there is actually a huge space. Above the valley, the whole is flat, but at the core, a huge root emerges, and looking along the countless roots, there Above it, a pink towering ancient tree suddenly appeared.

This ancient tree is pink all over, and its branches are quite thin, only a few hundred meters tall, but it is exactly the same as the huge acacia tree outside. On the shade of the tree, there were deadly energy fluctuations, which made Xiao Yan have to be vigilant.

"I'm afraid this is the real interior space of the Acacia tree."

"Those who were strong in the past probably ate the acacia liquid by mistake and were controlled by it. After all, although the acacia liquid has the effect of erasing memory, it has absorbed a lot of the power of the acacia tree, and it can also be swallowed. They have gained a lot of benefits, so they are greedy." Looking at the delicate plants above the valley below, the pink saplings were slowly surging, Xiao Yan said.

"That seems to be the origin of the Acacia tree, be careful." Soul Eater said solemnly.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded, and then with the blessing of the black swallowing power, he slowly flew over to him.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan's forefoot was just facing the valley in the basin, and suddenly an extremely dazzling pink halo erupted above the hundreds of meters tall acacia tree, rapidly facing Xiao Yan. He shot away, such a terrifying attack, even a four-star Fighting Immortal powerhouse could not handle it, let alone Xiao Yan.

"Boom!" The pink halo came in front of Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan didn't dare to neglect, the dazzling big heavenly seed emerged directly, so the pink halo instantly evaporated.

"What a wonderful fluctuation...Is this the power of love?" After struggling, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say when he came to the palace smoothly.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, Xiao Yan easily came to the core of the valley, standing on the roots of the acacia tree, all those pink roots, as if frightened, suddenly shaking, facing Xiao Yan Blast away.

"Fire!" In an instant, the Fire Heart Tianyan and Ghost Face Soul Flames emerged together in Xiao Yan's body, and he easily protected himself.

"Boom!" Following Xiao Yan's move, in the shade of the pink acacia tree, a blushing light group suddenly trembled.

"Guru." Xiao Yan noticed it, couldn't help swallowing a saliva, and looked at the light group vigilantly.

"Xuuuu!" At the same time, the two holy flames covering Xiao Yan's body burst out with an aura of extreme fear, and dazzling flames continued to emerge to protect Xiao Yan.

"What is this..." Xiao Yan had never seen such a tyrannical fear erupt from the two kinds of holy flames, and he was immediately a little stunned.

"Who are you!"

"What is that two-color flame on your body!" After a while, a silver bell with a surprised tone rang slowly in the shade of the pink acacia tree.

"Sisi!" Being so startled by this sudden voice, the two holy flames on Xiao Yan's body suddenly burst into fear, and even Xiao Yan's mind was shaken.

"This is... the spirit of the acacia tree?" After Shunxi, Xiao Yan used all his strengths, and immediately stared at the spirit of the acacia tree vigilantly.

"Who the **** are you!" At that time, a silver bell-like voice sounded, and the voice contained extreme anger.

"Crash!" As soon as the voice fell, circles of pink energy ripples quietly emerged. Even if Xiao Yan tried his best to use it, he was pushed dozens of meters to stabilize his figure.

"The spirit of the Acacia tree?" The Soul Eater also said thoughtfully at this time, but it didn't help Xiao Yan, and even withdrew his devouring power.

"Bang bang bang!" After the blink of an eye, a pink light group slowly emerged inside the acacia tree, forming a female figure.

The woman is the same as ordinary human beings, except that her body is wrapped in red, and her beautiful eyes are full of extreme terrifying fluctuations.

"Five...Five Star Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan felt a heavy heart, his pupils shrank tightly, and he lost his voice.

"Why do you have... the aura of holy flame?" The woman spoke to Xiao Yan in an indifferent tone.

"Senior, I entered the Acacia tree just to find the magic elixir of the dead and the bones, and to save my lover." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also knew that there was no chance of winning by force, and immediately clasped his fists.

"Fire Heart Tianyan... Ghost Face Soul Flame? Even in your body, there is a very sacred flame, but it is extremely weak..."

"Good boy..." Listening to Xiao Yan's opening, Qian Ying said slightly.

"Forget it, since you have a predestined relationship, I will send you a good fortune, but whether you can grasp it depends on you."

"But I don't have the magic elixir for the flesh and bones of the living dead, and once you get my fortune, you must promise me one thing." After a short while, Qian Ying spoke slowly.

"Senior, please tell me Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard it.

"In the acacia tree, there are three treasures, one is acacia liquid, and the other is acacia fruit. As for the last treasure, after you swallow the acacia fruit, with the power of the acacia fruit, it will take you into the most precious place of the acacia tree, where is it? , there are traces of the elixir of living dead flesh and bones in your mouth." Qian Ying said slowly.

"Thank you, senior!" Xiao Yan heard the words and said.

"Don't be too happy, Acacia Fruit is not so easy to obtain. If you don't get Acacia Fruit, then Ye can only say that this time I saw the wrong person." As soon as the voice fell, the figure of the woman also slowly disappeared. Here, he obviously didn't know where to go, but in this valley, it became quiet in an instant, only Xiao Yan and the original body of the Acacia tree.

"Husband, this guy harbors holy flame, it should be able to help us take revenge..."

"Last time, the Lord of the Soul defeated us and robbed the two of us for Acacia and Broken Enteritis. This time, let him repay everything." In a certain void, the figure who just appeared walked slowly, but this In the center of the space, two magnificent statues were lifelike, and even the center of the two lifelike statues seemed to be missing something.