Chapter Vol 4 1899: Demon Emperor's Tomb!

In the Tianyuan battlefield, Xiao Yan's elite base camp of thousands of monsters.

"The smell of gunpowder in the battlefield is getting stronger and stronger, and the two lords have not returned. This is not the way to go." In the tent, Xuan Yuan sat in the first place and spoke slightly, Xiao Yan put a thousand The elites of the monster beast army were handed over to him. Although there is no abnormality under his own constraints, but in the Tianyuan battlefield, there are many corpses of monsters everywhere, some of which contain some kind of tyrannical blood essence. At this time, this thousand elites are also now. Just around the corner.

The blood of demon beasts is something that is of great benefit to demon beasts in general like demon pills. Whether it is an increase in their own bloodline or strength, it is comparable to magic pills. If they can get it by chance, the team itself has a lot of blood. Unique advantages, so this is also the reason why these elites are just around the corner.

At this time, in the tent, nine wolves will stand here one after another, and they are all condensed. Some of them even complained about Xiao Yan, but it was because of the order of the Demon King before leaving, this time everything is right or wrong. Xiao Yan Headed by Yan Yaoshuai, it is not easy to attack.

"Boom!" At this moment, above the turbid sky in the distance, an unusually harsh explosion sounded out, and the scorching aura contained in it was somewhat similar to the aura of the demon handsome Xiao Yan in the past.

"What's going on?" Xuan Yuan heard the words, hurriedly left the tent and came to the open space, staring at the terrifying flame storm, and muttered.

"That breath, it seems to be a bit like Xiao Yan, Yaoshuai-sama?"

"But there, according to the information of the scouts, it is the location of the scale demon army among the three major legions of the evil eye demon king..." For a while, the demon generals also had different opinions.

On the other side, Xiao Yan and the two escaped the siege of the scale demon army, and they wandered around for a long time before they quietly returned to their base camp.

"Give me!"

"This is what Lao Tzu discovered first!"

"What kind of thing are you?" The monsters seemed to be digging the ground in a rather obscure way, and below, a forest of white bones emerged from the barren land, and even a drop of rather weak blood on the white bones. , strong and powerful beating, as if with some special magic.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan asked after Xiao Yan and Tianhu Yaoshuai quietly stood a few monster soldiers fighting for blood essence.

"This is the blood of monster beasts, it should be left behind after the battle between the army of the monster world and the powerhouses of the extraterrestrial evil race. The blood of monster beasts can greatly improve the power and blood of monsters, as well as many aspects of physical strength, so they are used by them. It's reasonable to fight like this." Tianhu Yaoshuai shook his head helplessly, obviously what Xiao Yan said before leaving was extremely sensible.

"Stop for me!" Xiao Yan slowly shook his head after listening to Tianhu Yaoshuai's explanation, then walked up to the few monster soldiers in front of him and snorted coldly.

What Xiao Yan feared the most happened.

"Xiao... Master Yaoshuai!" Several monsters were already covered with scars, but when they saw Xiao Yan appearing, they could only stand upright, and the white bones in the soil below could only give up.

"How did I tell the military order before I left?" Xiao Yan's eyes were gloomy, and he looked at the monster soldiers coldly, a trace of anger permeated.

"You must not use any bone or object on the battlefield without authorization..." Several monsters were dumbfounded and lowered their heads.

"Knowingly committed? What do you think you should be guilty of?" Xiao Yan continued.

"According to the military order, behead!"

"But since you don't know it, I will forgive you this time."

"As for the so-called monster blood essence, it's just a mass of evil energy. If you swallow it without authorization, I'm afraid it will swallow you into bones in no time!" As Xiao Yan spoke, the dazzling fiery red energy swept out from his body. , gently wrapped around the drop of crystal silver antimony-penetrating blood essence above the white bones below.

"Boom!" Wrapped in Xiao Yan's pure flame, the blood above the bones burst out with a monstrous evil aura. That kind of power is far beyond what these monster soldiers can resist.

"Pfft!" In the end, there was a sudden explosion, which turned into a monstrous rain of blood, filling the air.

"Master Yaoshuai Shengming!" Seeing Xiao Yan destroying this demonic beast's blood and essence in just a few words, the few demonic beast soldiers also said in despair.

If Xiao Yan hadn't stopped it in time, I'm afraid they...

"By the way, sir, now it's not just us, there are many in the team..." After Shunxi, several monsters also decided to change their past and repented.

"Go ahead and gather the army, I have something important to announce." Xiao Yan nodded lightly when he heard the words, and said immediately.

"Okay." When the other monsters heard the words, they dispersed to notify the monsters to gather.

"Sir, what are you?" Tianhu Yaoshuai was also confused for a while and asked.

"When I went to the Scale Demon Army to spy on information, I found some useful information."

"I'll communicate it myself in a while."

"Aren't these monster beast elites trying to get monster blood to enhance their power?"

"I happen to have this intention too, but I just don't know if they have the courage." After speaking, they also left facing the nine demon generals in the tent.

"what happened?"

"gather?"

"Xiao Yan's demon handsome is back?" At this moment, the monster army, which was about to move, became restless because of Xiao Yan's return.

A few minutes later, a thousand elite monsters were assembled.

"Everyone." Xiao Yan and Tianhu stood in front of the thousand monsters and said plausibly, their voices filled with a sense of relief.

"Everyone, we entered the Tianyuan Mountains to resist the evil-eyed demon king."

"I know that there are a lot of monsters in this battlefield that are very attractive to us, but the monsters and blood on these lands have already been corroded by the evil forces of foreign evil tribes." Xiao Yan said a word. said.

"Corrosion?"

"How can it be?"

"..."

"Actually it was corrupted by the evil race from outside the territory, I just said how it can't be refined after absorbing it..." Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and the team suddenly exploded.

"Defeat the evil-eyed demon king is the best way for us to prove ourselves, but now with our strength, we still don't have the strength to compete head-on."

"So there is an imminent need to increase the power."

"This time I went out to investigate information, I was lucky enough to get a relic in the battlefield. There are many treasure relics in it, but this relic is now eroded by the evil eye demon group of the evil eye demon king's guards. I don't know if you have that. You have the courage to fight with me." Xiao Yan's voice contained a hint of inquiry, and slowly emerged.

"Battlefield ruins?" Thousands of elites couldn't help but their eyes brightened when they heard it. If the blood of the monsters on the battlefield is corroded by evil forces and cannot be absorbed, then the battlefield ruins are the place where many treasures are completely preserved. , that kind of place is a real treasure for monsters!

"I don't know what the ruins are?"

"Where are you?" After a while, many inquiries came from among the elite monsters.

"The tomb of the Demon Emperor, as for the location, it's in the depths of this battlefield." Xiao Yan said softly, but there was a calm air in his voice, as if the winning ticket was in hand!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: