Chapter Vol 4 1072: ups and downs

"This is a conspiracy." Xiao Yan's voice slowly echoed in everyone's heart.

"Maybe this is really a conspiracy."

"But the Xuanling royal family made a good move this time."

"The entire foreign evil clan can be used as a bargaining chip. If they win, their Xuanling royal family will be completely strong. If they lose, I am afraid that the Xuanling royal family will be completely wiped out." As Xiao Yan's voice fell, Zhu Jin The figure also emerged.

"Old Zhu." Seeing Zhu Jin appear, all the disciples nodded slightly.

"Old Zhu, your strength?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's heavy expression suddenly became strange.

Because Bamboo Ember just appeared, the energy of heaven and earth in the sky suddenly became shaking.

"You little brat, I can't hide anything from you."

"Well, it's time to fight immortals." Zhu Jin laughed when she heard the words.

"Dou Xian..." The other disciples were also slightly surprised when they heard the words. At this time, among the Fenxiang Pavilion disciples, the only ones with tyrannical strength were at the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and there was undoubtedly a lot of gap compared to Dou Xian.

"It seems that this matter has to wait for the pavilion master to come back and make a long-term plan." Zhu Jin said.

"Where is the pavilion master?" Xiao Yan was also puzzled when he heard this.

Xiao Yan clearly remembered Fen Tian's promise to him at that time, if he saved Yin Tong, Fen Tian would cover him!

"It seems that I have to deal with some personal grievances, but I should be able to come back tomorrow." Zhu Jin said.

The next moment, watching everyone quiet down, Mu Xuzi became depressed.

"Zuo Lao used to be very righteous, and he didn't have the evil spirit now. What is going on?" Mu Xuzi and Zhu Lao had a good relationship in the past, but now they are a little stunned.

And everyone laughed and laughed for a while, and then went back individually. After all, the real war was coming, and everyone was extremely depressed. Besides, other places in Xuantian San also staged the same scene as burning incense.

Inside Wanhua Pavilion, in a rather quiet attic, the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion was sitting down slowly, his jade hand gently plucked the guqin under his hand, and a rather beautiful violin sounded.

"Pavilion Master, a strong person from the Xuanling royal family came over just now."

"Invite us to participate in the Demon Extermination Ceremony in the next two days." Hua Yun on the side said quite gently.

"Huayun, do you think my piano is beautiful?"

"Will Fentian like it?" Hua Xin, the master of the Wanhua Pavilion, asked in disapproval.

"Should like it." Hua Yun had followed the pavilion master for so many years, so naturally he knew his habit, and then laughed.

"That girl Yueru, it's been so long since she accepted the inheritance, why hasn't there been any sign of leaving." Hua Xin heard the words, got up slightly, and looked at the distant space and said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yueru's soul imprint has just experienced extremely violent fluctuations, and I am afraid that she will be out of the customs in the near future." Hua Yun said.

"According to the power of Fairy Moonlight's inheritance, if we successfully exit the customs, our Wanhua Pavilion will add another immortal warrior."

"But none of that matters."

"Send the order down."

"Rectify the troops and go to Xuanling Mountain in two days to duel with the Xuanling royal family." But Hua Xin spoke slightly.

"Yes, pavilion master." Hua Yun heard the words and went straight down to make preparations.

"Fen Tian, ​​after this time is over, let's go into seclusion." Hua Xin, with her beautiful eyes full of tenderness, opened her mouth slightly, and after speaking, she plucked the strings for herself.

Ancient Desolate Palace.

"Palace Master, the powerful royal family of Xuanling just sent an invitation order, and two days later, they will go to Xuanling Mountain to kill the evil people from outside the realm." Feng Lin, the eldest disciple on the side, said to the Palace Master.

"Two days later... manslaughter an alien race?"

"What on earth is the Xuanling royal family doing?"

"The evidence shown in the sect competition is enough to prove that they have a strong relationship with the aliens. Even if they take out all the aliens for mortgage, they still have the aura of the aliens."

"These guys." Huang Li's eyes flickered slightly, thinking quickly.

"Palace Master, shall we go?" Feng Lin, who was beside him, couldn't help asking when he saw the Palace Master thinking so.

"Go, but everything depends on the sect." Huang Li said.

"Ah?" Feng Lin was a little puzzled when the hall master said so.

"Our Ancient Desolate Palace is quite weak. If we really fight the Xuanling Royal Family, we will only suffer in the end."

"The evil races outside the territory must be eliminated, but we must also focus on the sect."

"Also, with the Burning Incense Pavilion and the Medusa clan in the front line, we can win the victory at the lowest cost." Huang Li said.

"But the hall master... haven't we already formed eight demon-killing alliances with the Fenxiang Pavilion? It would be a little bit..." Feng Lin said dumbly. In his eyes, the hall master is not such a person.

"You will naturally understand when you reach my level."

"Alright, let's go get ready, gather the strong, as for whether to fight or not, that's not our business." Huang Li said.

"Yes." Feng Lin shook his head and said, then went down.

"Everything I do is just for the sake of the sect. I hope he can understand it in the future." Huang Li said, and nodded secretly. Obviously, as the master of a hall, he had no choice but to do it.

Dan Valley.

"Dan Gui, your trip to Burning Incense Pavilion is a bit of a conflict." In a wooden house, two old men stood on the chairs, one of them looked rather weak, and was the first to speak.

"Senior brother, the Xuanling royal family's actions like this are undoubtedly declaring war with all our sects in Xuantian Santian."

"I'm just a pill that promises combat readiness. As for combat, we alchemists are not good at it."

"What's more, Xuan Tiantian looks like this. As Dan Gu, we naturally have to do our little bit."

"Promise to prepare the pills for battle, so that we can save our disciples from losses." Pill ghost Ye Qingtian said.

"Never mind."

"Now the Dan Valley is in your hands. The pros and cons are for you to weigh."

"I can't help you much anymore." Dan Xian said weakly.

"Senior brother, you..." Ye Qingtian couldn't help but ask as if he was aware of Danxian's implication.

"The deadline is approaching, I'm going to retreat."

"It's life or death, it all depends on God's will." After speaking, Dan Xian's figure flashed and disappeared directly here.

The puppet mansion.

"Pass my order."

"Call the disciples of the mansion, and two days later, go to Xuanling Mountain to fight for life and death." The puppet mansion master said to the elites in the mansion.

"Strengthen my puppet!" When the disciples in the palace heard the words, they all nodded, obviously they already knew the importance of the matter.

Wanjianmen.

"Rectify the disciples under the sect."

"Follow me to Xuanling Mountain in two days."

"Our Wanjianmen, as the leader of the super sects, naturally cannot back down."

"Take two immortal swords and attack together." And Jiujian Xian also issued orders one by one.

Purgatory Hall.

"Palace Master, recently, among the Xuanling royal family, the powerhouses have gathered, and they seem to be planning a big plan."

"And the subordinates also found that there are three strong men in the Xuanling royal family, and they went towards the Poison Sect, Solomon and Soul Clan respectively. I don't know why." The man in plain clothes said.

"Gather the troops and bring all the means to kill the evil race outside the territory."

"After two days, we will kill the aliens together." After finishing speaking, the hall master of the Purgatory Hall began to get busy.

"Nine stars fall together, I'm afraid something big will happen."

"Xiao Yan, this catastrophe is all up to you."

"However, I'm still a little curious, how can the strength of the Seven Star Dou Di in the middle stage be able to turn the tide this time..." At this time, in the distant astrology valley, the valley master looked at the vision in the night sky with a vicissitudes of life, and couldn't help but say.

Tomorrow I will explain the foreshadowing, and the day after tomorrow will officially start**

**After all, it’s hard to write, and it’s hard to write and rewrite, but these days I try my best to ensure the quality of more and more