Chapter Vol 4 2229: The way to break the game!

"Cough cough..."

Being stared at by the first elder like this, Xiao Yan had a terrifying aura of awe. Except for Fen Jue and the demon power, all the power in the body became quiet, and he did not dare to show any resistance.

"This Great Elder has such a terrifying strength. Just by looking at it like this, I have a feeling of being seen through."

"And her eyes don't seem to be so simple. They can split and see through my amber rock soul fire at a glance."

Xiao Yan was sweating coldly on his forehead, his skin contracted unconsciously, and he also looked at the Great Elder.

"I'll take a closer look. Immortality, Fire Heart Heavenly Rock, Ghost Face Soul Flame, and a kind of flame that's a little dimmer, doesn't look like a complete holy flame..."

"Little guy, am I right?"

The Great Elder retracted his gaze and approached Xiao Yan step by step, with a gentle smile hanging from the corner of his mouth.

"The last one is the ethereal ice flame with half the source of holy flame."

Seeing that his new Saint Flame was directly seen through by the Great Elder in front of him, Xiao Yan felt free and easy, and directly added the last flame back.

"The exercise you practiced is Fen Jue, right?"

At this moment, the Great Elder's face showed a hint of joy, and asked softly.

"Why did the first elder ask this?"

"Our current situation is not optimistic."

"I have exhausted a trace of the desolate source of the ancient ancient formation. On the other hand, the evil thought has not completely fallen. When it recovers in the coffin, it will definitely make a comeback. This is our current problem."

Xiao Yan shook his head, then his eyes became extremely solemn.

"You just need to answer me, yes or no."

The first elder ignored Xiao Yan's question, and said with a smile, it seemed that he already had a plan to deal with it.

"Yes."

Xiao Yan was a little stunned by this guy, and after he finished speaking, he kept staring at the latter.

"It seems that all this is God's will."

Hearing Xiao Yan's affirmative answer, the first elder turned around, a trace of terrifying pressure swept out from his body, and looked at the Yaoji statue beside him with a very pious gaze.

"Elder, who are you?"

Xiao Yi was immediately puzzled and puzzled.

"You guys, do you know what a wasteland is?"

The first elder looked at the statue of Yaoji, the reincarnation power in the body began to run, and it turned into a little bit of fluorescence, paving the way for the entire nest, and asked.

"Huang is an ancient divine beast. It is said that its strength has already entered the unparalleled realm that the world can learn from, and it is enough to compete with the current seventh or eighth-order reincarnation."

Marlene exited and returned.

"What is Yaoji?"

The Great Elder asked in a garrulous manner.

"Yao Ji is the ancestor of our elves."

At this time, Xiao Yi stepped forward and replied.

"Yes, the goddess Yaoji is indeed the ancestor of our elves, but you know that after the first World War, including the goddess Yaoji disappeared for no reason, why is that?"

"And you're not curious, why did Goddess Yaoji leave here alone with three gods after unifying the sea of ​​​​the sky, and go out for a run?"

The Great Elder said with a half-smile, but there was a hint of fiery in his expression.

"Elder, our top priority is not..."

Yao Laogui looked at the appearance of the Great Elder and couldn't help frowning, as if something was not right.

"Our top priority is not this, but I am lacking in strength now, and I am no longer an opponent of evil thoughts. All hope of breaking the game can only be placed on the statue of Yaoji..."

"Or rather, it's on this little friend named Xiao Yan."

The first elder finally did not have any cover at this moment, his beautiful eyes kept sweeping back and forth on the statues of Xiao Yan and Yao Ji, the power in his body was about to be brewed, and that power seemed to be pulling Xiao Yan and the statues of Yao Ji. There is a very subtle connection between them.

"Don't look at me."

"At the beginning, I could have killed the evil thoughts, but because of greed, I wanted to take back the patriarch's token. I was injured by the evil thoughts and permanently sealed here. With the passage of time, the power in my body also showed signs of erosion."

Seeing how many people didn't believe it, the Great Elder directly raised his wrist, and on the back of his hand, a pitch-black phantom branded it, looking extremely scary.

"Senior, don't give up, what do you need me to do?"

At this moment, Xiao Yan heaved a sigh of relief and asked.

"There are many legends about the goddess Yaoji in the world."

"What is the relationship between the goddess Yaoji and the seven world masters, etc..."

"But these are all rumors. Goddess Yaoji is extremely proud. According to some fragmentary information controlled by the powerhouses of our Fire Elf clan, she has the most contact with Goddess Yaoji. The arrow points directly at both of you Xiao clan and Shengyan."

The Great Elder said sharply.

"Xiao Clan?"

"That taboo race that disappeared from the world for a long time?"

Just after the first elder finished speaking, the second elder Ma Lin and Yao Laogui exclaimed at the same time, and immediately looked at Xiao Yan.

"You really deserve to be the great elder of the fire elves."

Seeing this Great Elder's keen sense of smell and terrifying strength, Xiao Yan also had no worries.

"I can't tell the specific situation, because these are just my speculations."

"The elf lair in front of me existed when the goddess Yaoji built the elf lair, and the statue of Yaoji was also cast by the goddess Yaoji herself, but according to my countless years of exploration, what mystery should there be inside this statue of Yaoji? That was the last chance to resolve our predicament."

"Unfortunately, after countless years of exploration and observation, I haven't found any difference in this Yaoji statue."

At this time, the Great Elder slowly shook his head.

"Elder, if you are at ease, let us brothers try it."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he put his arms around Xiao Yi, and the two slowly came to the statue of Yao Ji.

"Elder, is this going to be a problem? After all, the blessing power of the two of them has disappeared, and the two samsaras have not reached this guy. This is too much?"

Ma Lin and Yao Laogui said worriedly, after all, Yaoji is the pinnacle of reincarnation. Wouldn't it be a death sentence to let such two little guys go?

"Trust them, you can only rely on them now."

After the Great Elder finished speaking, he quietly backed away and looked at the two of them.

Xiao Yan and the two stood in front of the Yaoji statue with dignified expressions on their faces, and a heavy feeling came over them like hundreds of thousands of kilograms of boulders pressing down on them.

"Hair, the corners of the mouth, the heart, the wrists, the feet..."

"There's nothing wrong with these places."

Xiao Yan looked around the Yaoji statue back and forth for a long time, but did not notice any difference.

"Xiaoyi, since your reincarnation is related to Yaoji, try to urge your reincarnation seal."

Xiao Yan lost his mind for a while, so he could only say to Xiao Yi.

"Whoa!"

Xiao Yi did as she did, purple flames swept out, the surrounding air instantly solidified, and an extremely terrifying aura filled the air. UU Reading www.uukanshu.com

"Wong buzzing!"

At the same time, with the appearance of Xiao Yi's Reincarnation Seal and purple flames, the clan lines on Xiao Yan's eyebrows were finally completely lit up.

"Pfft!"

At the same time, the clan lines on Xiao Yan's eyebrows and the reincarnation mark on Xiao Yi's body simultaneously burst into a dazzling halo, which was pulled by some strange force and instantly injected into the eyes of Yao Ji's statue.

"Boom!"

At this moment, the statue of Yao Ji seemed to have suddenly come to life. The stone-like mouth opened slightly, and a mouthful of purple breath blew out, making all the forces in this lair quiet. At the same time, Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan Yi's figure was sucked into the belly of Yaoji statue by an irresistible suction force, and it was quiet here.

"Elder, it's not good!"

Ma Lin and Yao Laogui looked at each other, but found that Xiao Yan and the two disappeared immediately.

"Let them go. I hope this time we can crack the secret of Yaoji's statue, and at the same time completely solve the predicament of our fire elves."

After the Great Elder finished speaking, he turned to face the golden coffin on the other side, raised his palm, and countless purple filaments of light fell down, with a burst of majestic elf holy power, suppressing it and restraining the aura of the ghostly evil spirit. recover.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: