Chapter Vol 4 2056: 7th grade medicine pill: Phoenix Nirvana Pill!

"Guest No. 77 bought the Netherworld Flame Python with 600 million gold coins, but there are still bidders?" Seeing that the noisy voice in the auction hall was slowly fading away, Yaoyun also smiled sweetly and opened his mouth. It is to mobilize the atmosphere of the scene.

However, Yaoyun was quite surprised by the price of the first auction item. Although the Heaven-level Fighting Spirit is rare, it now exists in the realm. Its power has been greatly reduced, and few people will buy and bid. Six The price of 100 million gold coins has undoubtedly exceeded expectations.

Moreover, as for the Nether Flame Python, according to the conservative estimates of the powerhouses in the clan, this fighting spirit has a lot of secrets, but the attack power is too fierce, and the powerhouses in their clan cannot detect it, so they put it up for auction.

"Dong dong dong!" The auction hammer fell gently, indicating the successful bidding of the first auction item.

"Congratulations to the seventy-seventh guest who successfully purchased the heaven-level fighting soul nether flame python with 600 million gold coins. Waiting for the auction to end completely, we will hand over the auction items to you personally by our powerful medicine family. The rest of the procedures are also It will be completed after the auction." Yaoyun smiled and said professionally and fluently.

The people who can enter here are all people with high profile, so the Yao Clan is naturally not worried that someone will default on their debts. After all, this is the Yao Clan. Even if there are some renegades, the Yao Clan has countless ways to go to collect the debt.

The rarity of the first auction item undoubtedly caused the heart to hang high in the human body at the venue. Of the five auction items, the first auction item alone is so rare, and the remaining four can’t help but make people even more Look forward to it.

And with such a release, Yaoyun also successfully ignited the atmosphere of the entire auction. The first auction item only lasted for a few minutes until the auction ended, and it was purchased by Xun'er.

Although 600 million gold coins is not an astronomical figure, it was swindled by the Yan clan in vain, which made Xiao Yan and the Yan clan even more disgusted, but Xiao Yan later found out that, let alone 600 million, it is even a billion gold coins. , it is difficult to measure its value.

"Next, let's start the second auction item of this auction. I believe everyone will be very interested in this auction item."

"Dong, dong, dong!" The voice of the medicine cloud just fell, and the crystal platform was flickering suddenly, and layers of mist also emerged from the ground. The original jade cage gently disappeared, replaced by a rather cold white mist.

The ground in the auction platform is not closed. Every time the auction item appears and leaves, it emerges from the ground through special means. This is also to protect the absolute safety of the auction item.

"What is this?" The appearance of the second auction item undoubtedly touched the hearts of the strong present, and suddenly a group of figures in the back couldn't help but be surprised.

"Wong buzzing!"

"It smells so good, what's the smell..." Before the fog dissipated, bursts of seductive fragrance swept out from the auction table, and it was refreshing to smell.

"The second auction item is a medicinal pill."

"This pill is called Phoenix Nirvana Pill. It can help eight-star fighting immortals improve their chances of breaking through. Although it cannot be used for strengths above the late eight-star fighting immortals, it is also a rather precious medicinal pill."

"And its rank has reached the peak level of the seventh rank. It is said that it has some subtle effects on the powerhouses who cultivate fire attribute powerhouses. As for the effects, I don't know for a while because of Yaoyun's stupidity."

"However, since it is related to the word "phoenix", it is still unknown whether this medicinal pill has something to do with the phoenix family as in the legend." Yaoyun said slightly, the meaning of the words was very clear. However, the strong people present had to admire Yaoyun's ability to speak well. When she said this, the strong people in the field were staring at the stars, and couldn't help but thoroughly spy out the medicine.

On the auction table, the Phoenix Nirvana Pill was entangled by layers of blue energy shackles and dead seals, and an extremely delicate jade bottle concealed its aura. It can be seen that a looming phoenix soul shadow slowly flickers out around the medicine pill, revealing endless mystery.

"Immortal rank seven pinnacle elixir?"

"Phoenix Nirvana Pill?" Xiao Yan heard the words and couldn't help shaking his body. With his tyrannical soul power, he naturally realized that there was a trace of Phoenix family's power in this elixir, because at this time Xiao Yan's body contained the dragon family. The power fluctuated violently, and it responded to it all at once!

The dragon and phoenix clans responded to every call!

"Xun'er, this thing seems to be of great help to you?" After sighing, Xiao Yan suddenly turned his head and whispered to Xun'er.

For some reason, Xiao Yan always felt that this Phoenix Soul Shadow was similar to the Saint Flame Golden Crow that Xun'er had previously displayed.

"En... Senior Nine Profound Fire Lord's Reincarnation Seal, including Saint Flame's perception and control, has a vital relationship with Jinwu."

"And according to some of my obscure memories, it seems that Saint Yan Jinwu and the seniors of Jiu Xuan Huo Master have a deep connection with the so-called Phoenix Clan."

"If I can get this medicine pill, I must be able to break through the eight stars in a very short time, strive for reincarnation, and spy on the mysteries." Xun'er's beautiful eyes flickered, and her tone was very firm.

"Okay, I understand." Xiao Yan nodded solemnly, and then secretly wrote it down.

"Brother Xiao Yan, Xun'er knows that you are good for Xun'er, but you should keep the treasure in your hands for the finale."

"This thing, even if you can't get it...it doesn't matter." Xun'er naturally knew that the only things Xiao Yan could get his hands on were Sheng Yanzihuo and the original ancient dragon source crystal, but with such precious things It would be a pity to come to auction the medicinal pills.

"It's okay, it's worth it." Xiao Yan said with a grin.

"no!"

"Brother Xiao Yan, I'm so angry!" Xun'er looked serious.

"Okay, okay, I promise you it is, but you, a rich lady, can give it a try. Even if it doesn't work in the end, we can try our luck after the grand ceremony..." Xiao Yan was helpless and could only do it.

"We're not robbers..." Hearing Xiao Yan's words, Xun'er couldn't help smiling sweetly.

"Ahem..." Seeing that Xun'er saw through his little plan, Xiao Yan hurriedly changed the subject.

"This auction is based on barter. You can increase the price as you please and take out your favorite treasure, and there will be a joint appraisal of the elders composed of our strong medicine family, so as to determine its ownership. ."

"But remember, each strong person has only one chance to bid."

"Everyone... please." Yaoyun said with a slight smile, and there was a hint of expectation in his voice.

Although the mysterious effect of Phoenix Nirvana Pill can be learned from heaven and earth, from ancient times to the present, few people have been able to really covet its secrets.

However, this kind of medicinal pill is a real treasure for those strong people who have the blood or strength of the Phoenix family. If they have it, they may be able to get involved with the legendary Phoenix family.

The dragon clan is like a giant in the world. Although the phoenix clan is not comparable to the dragon clan, it is also as famous as the dragon clan. The degree of terror is self-evident. Anything that is contaminated with the dragon and phoenix clan will have a skyrocketing value. .

At this moment, the hearts of countless people in the entire auction hall are slowly shaking. They are hesitating, should they take action or choose to wait and see?

If the bet is right, then the carp will undoubtedly leap into the Dragon Gate, but if the bet is wrong, the treasure will be wasted in vain. For a time, many strong people are also stagnant.

​​

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: