Chapter 263: Chang Yu, the deputy head of the outer cabinet of the Burning Incense Pavilion!

"Susu!" Yin Xie couldn't stop laughing at this moment, and then stared at everyone in the sky.

"Since I'm a complete body now, let's start the slaughter with you..."

"Nine Soul Stele, do you still remember when you and the five fighting immortals from Xuan Tiantian joined forces to seal me..."

"This seal is thousands of years old, and now it's time to settle the account between us." After Yin Xie finished speaking, his body flashed strangely, and the next moment he appeared in front of the Nine Souls Monument.

"Hahaha!" The Nine Soul Monument was not in a hurry at this time. Although the evil spirits in front of them had truly merged with the human body, their strength had greatly increased, but in the previous battle, not only did the fighting qi in their bodies have been used almost, the current The ghost energy in Yinxie's body is also squandered nine times out of ten...

Moreover, Xiao Yan was still accumulating terrifying power in front of him, so the Nine Soul Monument also nodded, and then looked at the evil spirit: "Although you have broken through the bondage, I believe that you are at the end of your power at this time..."

"So you don't have the ability to kill us..." The Nine Souls Tablet also laughed, and then the grudge in the body also tumbled.

"Haha, as expected of an old rival..."

"However, you have to try it to find out!" Yin Xie also sneered, and now he is indeed as the Nine Souls Monument said, the ghost energy in his body has been used almost nine times out of ten, the final choice. It is to find a place to restore and consolidate the strength in his body, and wait until he regains his strength. Killing these little shrimps is the same as slaughtering.

However, with a sinister personality, he will definitely not let these people go...

Because as long as Yin Xie kills these people, their remaining souls, even soul fragments, can provide Yin Xie with extremely terrifying power!

So Yin Xie is also jealous, so he decided to take a gamble.

In addition, Yin Xie is also the last resort to fear the Nine Soul Monument at this time...

Self-destruct!

That was the self-destruction of a peak powerhouse of the Seven Star Dou Di!

The power generated cannot be underestimated, so Yin Xie doesn't have enough confidence at this time, so he doesn't dare to touch the Nine Soul Monument...

However, after a short thought, Yin Xie decided to kill the Nine Soul Monument, because Yin Xie was still jealous of their power!

"Even though I don't dare to kill you now, it's time to get something back..." After Yin Xie finished speaking, the only ghost energy left in his body surrounded him, and then he attacked the Nine Souls Monument!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Shabu Shabu!"

The dark chains went straight through the body of the Nine Souls Monument, and the Nine Souls Monument also laughed strangely at the moment when the dark chains passed through its body.

"I heard that this is a unique thing in your ghost world..." One hand grabbed it tightly, and then the Nine Soul Monument also said solemnly.

"The soul chain, if you are hit by this thing, even if you are a strong immortal warrior, you can't escape the end of your fall. You can accept your fate on the Nine Soul Monument..."

"But don't worry, the rest will come down to accompany you..." Yin Xie said with a smile.

"Hahaha!"

"Yinxie, you underestimate me too!" The Nine Souls Tablet gave a cold smile, and the next moment, a terrifying red flame spread out instantly, and then followed the dark chains, continuously towards Yinxie's body!

"Damn old ghost..."

"Stubborn..." Yin Xie also snorted coldly.

He was obviously shocked by the nine-soul chain's life-for-life method.

It's just that the evil spirits are under the red flame of the Nine Soul Monument, and the ghost energy in the body is also becoming thinner...

Where the Nine Soul Stele and Yin Xie are constantly confronting, no one can do anything...

Obviously, the two of them are also doing their last desperate effort.

"Go to hell..." After a stalemate for a while, the dark ghosts on the surface of the evil spirits were in full swing, and four extremely terrifying soul-locking chains roared towards the Nine Souls Monument!

"Hehe, Yin Xie, you are too arrogant..." A hearty voice also appeared in Yin Xie's mind.

Immediately, seeing that the four chain tablets that were about to hit the Nine Souls Stele were shaken out of thin air...

"You are..." Yin Xie also felt that something was wrong.

"Chang Yu." The red-robed man said indifferently.

"The deputy pavilion owner of the outer pavilion of the Burning Incense Pavilion?" Yin Xie said in a shocking voice.

"Yinxie, you should go back with me."

"The sin you committed is too heavy..." Chang Yu said slowly.

"Damn it!" Yin Xie also became serious! Obviously all this is beyond the control of Yin evil.

"Master..." The ghost spirit also appeared behind the evil spirits.

"You came just in time, how are your preparations..." Yin Xie also said.

"Youquan has betrayed..."

"Master Xie Yin was killed by Youquan..."

"All the preparations are controlled by Youquan..." The Ghost Spirit also said slowly.

"It's troublesome..." Yin Xie was furious when he heard the words, and this ghost in the secluded spring actually wanted to commit the following!

"You'd better take care of yourself first." After Chang Yu finished speaking, no matter what the evil was thinking, he waved his hand, and a beam of flame with terrifying power attacked the evil.

Yin evil is also constantly running away from being attacked...

On the other side, Mu Yingying also recovered from the trance state just now, but apparently absent-minded, she muttered: "What is the breath of that guy..."

"Why does it feel familiar..."

On the other side, Xiao Yan also closed his eyes slightly, and then sat up in the air, his hands facing each other, but there was a terrifying fluctuation in his hands, an invisible soul force condensed, and twenty-three different fires were condensed before. The lotus of annihilation that came out of the power, and an inscription of life, condensed slightly on Xiao Yan's chest.

"I don't know if it will work..." Xiao Yan also said helplessly in his heart.

"Be careful, this kind of thing has never been done before..."

"And I always feel that there is an extremely evil power in this evil spirit, and it seems that Chang Yu can't defeat this evil evil..." The Golden Dragon King's vigilant voice also sounded.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan didn't hesitate after finishing speaking. The beautiful Lotus of Destruction slowly stood in the middle of his hands On his left hand, it was an extremely terrifying soul force, and on his right hand, there was a An extremely terrifying spiritual force!

Three forces of completely different nature also appeared in front of Xiao Yan. As soon as they appeared, the three forces burst into the sky with repulsive force, and Xiao Yan's left and right hands were also rejected and could not close together.

"damn it!"

"There's a reason why I can't control my own power..."

"Fix it for me!" Xiao Yan also roared in his heart!

"Xiao Yan that is..." Tianhuo Shenghu also noticed the three extremely terrifying powers contained in Xiao Yan's body, and turned his head, very surprised.

The terrifying lotus of annihilation inherits the power of flame and destruction, while the terrifying soul power can destroy the brain center of the enemy. As for the final spiritual power, the enemy can be imprisoned...

This is also the first time Xiao Yan has combined all the power in his body...

"I don't know how terrifying this power can be..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also licked his slightly dry tongue that was touched by the flames.

Immediately, he also controlled the huge soul power and the divine inscription in his body, frantically suppressing the three forces, trying to calm them down...

"It's really a lunatic..." Qiu Huaniao Luo Guang and others on the ground were surprised when they saw Xiao Yan's every move.

Because they can all feel that any of the three terrifying forces in Xiao Yan's hands has the power to destroy them!

Ask for tickets!