Chapter Vol 4 1277: Light Demon's Warning

"Susu..."

"To be caught by the pavilion master of the wooden pavilion, it's really a misstep." Being bound to the ground by the blue wood attribute vindictiveness, the sinner immediately glanced at the few people present and found that none of them could be beaten by himself. , and based on his information, he naturally knew that those gathered here were the most tyrannical forces in the entire Eastern Continent.

"I don't know what title you are, but let's talk about it."

"Your 'sin' is in our stronghold of Yinhuntian." The owner of the auction house smiled directly. He knew that it was almost impossible to completely eradicate the power of 'sin', because they obtained it by allegiance to the evil races outside the realm. The huge power and this extreme method have caused too many people who want to get something for nothing, and what they need to do is to remove the stronghold of 'sin' in the shadowy sky.

Among the 'criminals', the most low-level ones are surprisingly small ones, whose strength is only below Dou Xian, one-star Dou Xian to three-star Dou Xian is also called a sinner, and four-star Dou Xian to five-star Dou Xian's strength is also known as for sinners.

Every den of sin will be guarded by a sinner, and the strength of the sinner is tyrannical, I am afraid they know a lot about the evil race outside the territory, so the strong people above the East Continent, they want to pass the sinner, thus Knowing the movements of the aliens, after all the first world war has passed, the aliens are still so quiet, which makes them vaguely uneasy.

"That's why I called you."

"Ask him first." said the Valley Master of Thunder Valley.

"Humph."

"You old bastards, it is impossible for you to be the opponent of the foreign evil clan. Sooner or later, the foreign evil clan will come to the Daqian world, thus completely obliterating the Daqian world and forming our dream home."

"Hahaha." The criminal fell directly on the square and laughed wildly.

"It's really an annoying fly." Hearing a mere three-star fighting immortal being so arrogant here, the president of the Alchemist Association couldn't help but snorted coldly, and a dazzling soul force directly blocked the voice of the sinner. .

"President of the Alchemist Association, I heard that Alchemists can use their soul power to probe other people's memories. Please do some research and waste our time for free," said the owner of the auction house.

"Yes." The president of the Alchemist Association nodded slightly.

Following the promise of the president of the Alchemist Association, several other strong men immediately cast their gazes at the president of the Alchemist Association. After all, a strong man of this level uses soul power, but seeing it is better than seeing it.

"Damn!"

"What do you want to do?" And the sinner was originally not afraid of the old man. Sooner or later, you will be swallowed up by the evil clan from outside the territory. Watching the president of the Alchemist Association go to him, he couldn't help but look on his face. Get weird.

You don't need to think about it to know that this guy can be respected by so many strong people, and the huge degree of his soul power is probably not something that a sinner can resist.

"Tear!" With a sound, the president of the Alchemist Association burst out with his dazzling soul power, and at that time, the strange black aura shrouded in the sinner was directly expelled, revealing its original appearance.

Without the hindrance of the strange black aura, the sinner suddenly revealed a rather handsome man's face, but there was a trace of evil aura flowing in his eyes, obviously he was terminally ill, and even a genius doctor couldn't save him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"A living human being, but working for the alien race..."

"It's right to die." The president of the mercenary guild also snorted coldly. Obviously, the mercenary guild was interested in loyalty, and they disliked this kind of guy who betrayed his teammates for strength.

"Shabu Shabu!" The president of the Alchemist Association naturally ignored this, closed his eyes slightly, and then walked away from the sinner's body. The dazzling soul power was enough to let him explore the sinner's memory as if he were walking on the ground.

"Weng buzzing!" Just when the president of the Alchemist Association entered the depths of the sinner's brain, he triggered the protection measures of the extraterritorial evil clan inside the sinner's body, which made the sky in the valley extremely clear. But it became strange in an instant, and the dark and evil black qi kept oscillating out of the valley.

In those black thunderclouds, every beat carries an earth-shattering force of destruction.

"Tsk tsk... It seems that a small man has attracted a very important person." And just after the evil dark cloud appeared, the silver armor of the forged knife Thunder Valley Lord, who stood in the center of the square, exuded a The tyrannical power of thunder, and even the silver-gold cloak exudes a tyrannical power, roaring at the evil dark clouds in the sky.

"Duan Tianhong...You guys are quite lively here, huh?" In that strange dark cloud, lightning flashed and thunder, and the voice of the Silver Bell Class sounded slowly!

It's just that with the sound of this sound, the eight powerful men in the entire valley are all standing with cold hairs, as if they have been stimulated by some kind of stimulation, and the Valley Master of the Forged Knife Thunder Valley, even if he relies on the treasured weapon on his body, is quite impressive. for strenuous.

"This guy, I am afraid that among the evil races outside the territory, is also the most top-notch powerhouse." The master of the forged knife Thunder Valley said slowly, but it was rather strange why she knew her name. It seems that he has never come into contact with this level of extraterritorial evil powerhouse.

"I just happened to be passing by... but I have to warn you in advance."

"The ghost world is in turmoil. If you are in the wrong team, I'm afraid you will also bring your own destruction."

"Lord Li Hun's debt, I will make him pay it off completely sooner or later." The shadow in the evil dark cloud finished speaking slowly, and suddenly disappeared like a cloud of smoke.

"Huhuhu." With the disappearance of the mysterious guy, the eight powerhouses breathed a sigh of relief. The oppression just now was too tyrannical. If it wasn't for the sword-forging Thunder Valley Master relying on his armor And the cloak removed most of the oppression I am afraid that they will all be oppressed and kneel down.

"That guy just now..." The owner of the auction house looked a little ugly and couldn't help asking.

With their eight and four Fighting Immortal-level powerhouses, plus a five-star Fighting Immortal-level powerhouse, although the guy didn't make a move, from the perspective of oppression alone, I am afraid that in front of that guy, nine of them, one of them. Can't take it!

"That guy...should be the supreme leader of the alien race."

"But what he said just now may have something to do with us..."

"And seeing that she is so aggressive, I'm afraid she is going towards the Lord of the Soul."

"The battle of the top powerhouses is not something we can mix. We should just do our part." The Valley Master of Forge Thunder Valley also said with lingering fears.

"Cough cough..."

"There is news of 'sin'."

"It seems that they will fight against our East Continent ratio this time..." At this moment, the sinner was instantly wiped out, and not even a trace of soul remained. some things.

"If that's the case, we'll be easy to deal with." Everyone heard the words, in a deep voice, nervously discussing the plan, and with the president of the Alchemist Association, the disappearance of this sin that caused death to fall will naturally not spread. Sin is stationed in the ears of the strong in the Eastern Continent stronghold.

This time, I am afraid that the forces of Dongzhou Stronghold Sin will usher in a real defeat, but they don't know it at all.