Chapter Vol 4 1862: The hall of immortal flames, the devil is now!

On the other side, Xiao Yan and the little girl, who had just submerged in the space crack, depended on each other for life, constantly avoiding the suffocating space storm in this space.

It seems that the road to the stars is only a link for Xiao Yan to enter the space where the immortal flames are located, and the endless space storm in the surrounding space is extremely dangerous.

"There seems to be something wrong with the atmosphere here." As Xiao Yan walked, his heart became vigilant.

"Here!" In the dark void, the road to the stars was extremely bright, rendering this place out. At this time, the little girl Bai Nen's small hand suddenly stretched out and grabbed it against the void!

"Tear it!" An extremely harsh voice fell, and a crack appeared on the edge of the road to the stars, and the crack swallowed Xiao Yan and the two like a black hole.

"Shabu Shabu!" With a sound, the two figures disappeared at the same time.

The dark, icy aura filled Xiao Yan's body. With the help of the black hole channel, Xiao Yan didn't know where he was going, but the strange light on the little girl's body kept flashing, causing a trace of holy flame in Xiao Yan's body. Fiery volatility.

In particular, the fluctuations generated by the undead fire are even hotter.

"Do you remember the way..." Xiao Yan asked in the dark passage.

"I don't know...but the power in my body seems to guide me to be here, and my memory is not complete." The little girl showed a calmness that did not match her age.

"Pimple." With a sound, the two figures seemed to have penetrated something and suddenly entered another space.

"Gulu... this is it?" Just as his sight was restored, Xiao Yan's eyes couldn't help but become dignified because of the magnificent scenery in front of him.

"This is the hall of immortal flames." The little girl Meimu also looked at the magnificent hall in front of her and said in unison.

There is only one main hall in front of it. The main hall has a magnificent range of hundreds of miles. In the main hall, there are only ten white jade stone pillars that touch the hall from bottom to top. In the center of the hall, ten steps are paved from bottom to top. Above, a page of golden paper stood quietly, with a flame on it.

The flames were yellow, and the aura above them was eternal and ancient, like an eternal and unchanging strange aura, which permeated out. It was the golden paper that had been eroded by a smear of obscure black at this time, and that black luster made people palpitate.

"Wong Buzz!"

"Dou Emperor's body?" At this moment, Xiao Yan's body was completely enveloped by a touch of energy like a giant in a sunny sky, and he immediately released an incomparably greedy aura.

"It's too simple, isn't it?" Looking at the flames beating above the center of the hall in front of him, Xiao Yan was not sure that it was the Immortal Flame, but with what Lin Yunshu said before, he still did not act rashly, but stayed on the edge of the hall, watching the little girl said.

"Here... sick."

"I need your help. Immortal flames can be given to you after this is done." After a while, the little girl's black eyes looked at the yellow flames and said slowly.

"You are the Holy Flame Spirit of Immortal Flame, aren't you?"

"Do you know what's going on?" With the strength of Dou Di's body, Xiao Yan also smelled a familiar aura.

"I don't know... I can only remember. I seem to have been expelled by some guys. After leaving here, my strength was endangered and I fell into a deep sleep." The little girl said with extremely heavy eyes.

"A foreign evil race?" Xiao Yan put away the body of Emperor Dou and said softly.

"Maybe, and their purpose is probably holy flame." The little girl shook her head and said, with a rare dignified flash in her eyes.

"Pure heart..." Xiao Yan immediately remembered something when he heard the words.

The power of the holy flame is a deadly threat to the evil races outside the realm, but they don't know how to research the pure heart, which is enough to suppress the treasure of the holy flame. Now they are looking for the holy flame. I am afraid that it is also to suppress the holy flame and greatly weaken it. The power in a thousand worlds.

"I'll do it when I'm ready." The little girl seemed impatient and asked.

"Go ahead, correct them, and leave the rest to me." Xiao Yan said with a smile, as long as he doesn't encounter a mid-stage Seven Star Fighting Immortal or above, he probably won't have any problems. It is the easiest and most effective way to solve some minor sequelae.

"Okay." The little girl agreed, and immediately Bai Nen raised her little hand and pointed to the hall.

"Tick tock." Pointing at the core flame of the hall, the little girl's eyes suddenly closed, and a stream of Sanskrit mantras fell off her body in essence, traversing the limitations of the void, facing the dead gray hall. Fly away.

"Bang bang bang!" The pale yellow incantation just entered the hall, and deafening voices continued to sound, and in the deepest part, a rare black gas slowly fell off from the golden paper.

"Is the Spirit of Immortal Flame Saint Flame finally back?"

"Then, let this king stay here forever!" A demonic roar, accompanied by an extremely majestic force, swept away from the hall.

"Boom!" The magic sound turned into a huge wave of sound, and shot at the little girl with overwhelming force.

"Weng buzzing!" At the critical moment, on Xiao Yan's body, an amber flame exuded an endless aura of awe and sacredness, wrapping the two together. As for the magic sound tide, when it hit the flame on Xiao Yan's body , quietly disintegrated and passed away.

"Master of the Holy Flame?" At this moment, the evil voice above the hall was extremely surprised.

"Evil Eye King, I'm back, this time, I'll send you to hell." After a while, the little girl's voice became different from usual, and the sacredness was like an ethereal bird that made people jump!

"Saint Yan is in control, Xiao Yan, the owner of the Endless Fire Territory." Xiao Yan walked step by step, facing the hall.

"Weng buzzing!" Hearing Xiao Yan speak, a pool of extremely evil black air dripped down from the golden paper, and immediately turned into a man.

Behind the man, traces of yellowish flames beat slowly, framing his face like a murderer without blinking an eye.

"Immortal flame?" Looking at the flame behind the evil ~ Xiao Yan couldn't help but speak.

That flame is definitely the power of the holy flame, but even if the evil people outside the territory have a pure heart, they can only seal the holy flame at most. How can an evil person master the holy flame?

Many questions plagued Xiao Yan.

"I, the evil eye king of the evil tribe outside the territory."

"Suffer to death!" Looking at this scene, in the endless hall, countless thick black auras of death, like a series of ferocious and evil giant pythons, roared towards Xiao Yan.

"In the early stage of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals..." Xiao Yan smiled slightly when he saw this, and a war-loving aura was released.

The Evil Eyed Emperor at the early stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals was at most the second-ranked guy among the Emperors of Heaven and Earth. In the past, it was like a gulf to Xiao Yan, but now, it is inevitable to fight!