Chapter Vol 2 812: Pitman's Soul Eater

"What a powerful evil force..." Xiao Yan stared at the Qi family brothers who had lost their vitality in front of them, and murmured, it was obvious that the strength of the two of them at the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor and the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, together with the extraterrestrial evil The evil power of the clan has greatly increased the pressure on Xiao Yan!

"Kill!" Qi Haoran raised his head suddenly, staring at Xiao Yan with blood-filled eyes, a monstrous killing intent suddenly emerged!

And the extremely dense black gas around him, like venom, just touched a trace of molten lava, and the lava actually disappeared instantly!

"It's a big game now!" Xiao Yan felt bitter in his heart, why did he always deal with evil races outside the realm?

In order to obtain holy flames in the desert mountains before, I almost fell into the hands of the blood demons. Although I finally got holy flames, the golden energy of the blood demons also corrodes my body. I am afraid that this thing is not healed well. Now that I have encountered such a thing in the ruins, Xiao Yan wants to cry but has no tears.

"How long will it take?" Xiao Yan asked the fire beast of life and death.

"It seems that I underestimated the terror of Lei Jie when you gave me three minutes." The Fire Beast of Life and Death also knew Xiao Yan's situation at this time, and immediately spoke directly.

If Xiao Yan can help himself like this, the fire beast of life and death will naturally help Xiao Yan.

"Kill!" As soon as Qi Haoran's voice fell, the two brothers were like ghosts, with the venom-like aura of a foreign evil clan around them, roaring away towards Xiao Yan's location.

"No, the immortal body can't defend against these two attacks." Xiao Yan decided in an instant what to do, and immediately put away the immortal body. After all, this thing is related to the next holy flame. If it is attacked by foreign evil If the family is polluted, Xiao Yan will cry without tears.

"Fire Heart Tianyan, come out for me!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan couldn't care too much. On top of his hand, he grabbed the fiery red holy flame crystal, and an incomparably holy aura emerged immediately. The source of the holy flame came out, and the molten lava in this lava world seemed to make a very cheerful sound, as if the minister was calling his king to come back!

"Defend!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan didn't dare to relax, so he had to condense the holy flame in his hand into a huge wall of khaki flames, trying to defend against the attack of the second brothers of the Qi family!

"Boom boom boom!" Qi Haoran and Qi Haoqing's pupils were full of bloodshots, without any other fluctuations, they patted Xiao Yan with a blank expression!

"Gulu!" The two extremely terrifying evil powers instantly entangled Xiao Yan, and then Xiao Yan's complexion changed. He could clearly feel that although Sheng Yan could isolate the evil power to a great extent, his current self After all, it is too weak, and the control of the holy flame has not yet reached the level of perfection.

"Huangquan is angry!"

"The Emperor's Seal!"

"Lotus of Silence!" Xiao Yan continuously displayed his attacking methods in an attempt to reduce the power of evil, otherwise, if this continued, the only person who would be injured in the end would be himself!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's attack touched the evil power of the two brothers, and it was instantly extinguished like fire meets water, and traces of white smoke floated up.

Of course, what was extinguished was a trace of evil power in the second brothers of the Qi family.

"My flames have a strong restraint on the evil races outside the territory..." Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he saw this. After all, Xiao Yan possessed genuine holy flames, so he was not too surprised by this.

"Kill!" It seemed that Xiao Yan not only used huge flames for defense, but also attacked the two of them. Immediately, the evil blood in his eyes soared.

"I'm afraid these two guys don't even know that the blood curse can kill people." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's heart flickered with a hint of solemnity. The two people in front of him were obviously beyond the scope of what he could deal with.

During the battle in the lava world, the crowd above the swamp area immediately became impatient and wanted to go down and have a look.

"Everyone, listen to me."

"I know that everyone is anxious about life and death Eryiquan. Shit has not yet been resolved by the guardian, and it is obviously not the time to enter."

"But if you are in a hurry, we can let the powerhouses who are stronger than the late six-star Dou Emperor go down and find out. As for the danger, it depends on their own strength." Song Yue saw that everyone above the swamp area was restless, and he knew it immediately. , I'm afraid I can't stop them from going down now.

But although it can't stop them from going down, it can reduce a lot of people going down.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

On the one hand, there is almost no chance for the weak to enter the Second Yiquan of Life and Death, and going down will only add trouble, so Song Yue has the present record.

"In the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di?"

"I'll see it."

"If you are too weak, you will probably die. Only the powerhouses in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di can go down. This is reluctant..." Some of the gathered powerhouses said immediately.

"Since that's the case, then all the strong people who meet the standard should go." Song Yue smiled slowly when he heard the words.

"Let's go!" When everyone heard the words, they nodded, and then turned towards the swamp.

Among the crowd, only those who knew Xiao Yan were Wudu, Linzhu, Xinglong, Xiaobi and Mu Yingying, and Song Yue and Feng Hong and the others, they flew directly towards the swamp. Go, and at this time, in the molten world under the swamp, the battle has entered a white-hot stage.

"The labor and management really don't believe that your mere fifth-class blood curse can keep me here." Xiao Yan gasped heavily, obviously the strength of the two in front of him caused Xiao Yan to suffer. a little confused.

"Susu."

"I didn't expect you to be such a tenacious human being, why don't you consider joining us, make sure you have whatever you want." Qi Haoran said suddenly.

However, Xiao Yan did not feel any joy about this, because at this time, the second brothers of the Qi family had already been completely eroded by the aura of the extraterrestrial evil clan and turned into a member of the extraterritorial evil clan, not human beings.

"Extraterritorial evil clan, just a bunch of dirty guys." Xiao Yan smiled lightly when he heard this.

Although it is taboo to have the two powerhouses in front of him, Xiao Yan felt that the Soul Eater Talisman in his body seemed to be vibrating from the moment when the two had just changed, as if something attracted them it!

"Boy, since you're obsessed with it, you can't blame us."

"We will let you have a satisfactory death wish." Qi Haoran's voice just fell, and suddenly the incomparably evil power attacked Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan also realized that the power of this power is definitely not something that he can touch now. , so don't hesitate, just when I was about to escape from here, the Soul Eater Talisman in Xiao Yan's body was suddenly not under Xiao Yan's control, and broke free and appeared in this space!

At this time, the fire beasts of life and death are concentrating on the calamity. Naturally, they have no time to pay attention to Xiao Yan, but the two Qi brothers don't care about it at all!

""

Ask for tickets!