Chapter Vol 4 1345: Tied for Champions!

"Looks like I underestimate you." The beautiful eyes stared at the soul fire tiger that smashed Tianhe with a palm, Yun Qi opened his mouth slightly, and his voice was full of inconceivable.

"Each and each other." Xiao Yan stood behind the Soul Fire Tiger and said with a smile, with this Soul Fire Tiger infused with the power of the Holy Flame, he would also have the power to fight against Yun Qi.

"Being able to combine soul power and fighting spirit, your talent should not be underestimated..."

"But this farce, it's time to end." Yun Qi tulle moved gently, and then his jade hand waved heavily at Xiao Yan, all of which were a violent wave of soul whizzing away.

"Crash!" The soul force formed terrifying storms, attacking Xiao Yan, and the entire space was filled with a strong aura of danger.

"Fire Tiger!" Xiao Yan's face was solemn, and he stretched out his palm and patted the Soul Fire Tiger's forehead lightly. Immediately, the Soul Fire Tiger was quite spiritual. The dazzling fiery red flames and khaki flames burst out at the same time, facing the soul. storm away.

"Bang bang bang!" The two-color soul flame and the soul storm just contacted, and the two-color soul flame immediately took the upper hand, easily suppressing Yun Qi's soul storm.

"Wind, let's move!" While watching the storm condensed by the power of his soul suddenly become fragmented under the burning of the two-color flame, Yun Qi's red lips showed a seductive arc, and then shouted lowly .

"Not good!" As soon as Yun Qi spoke up, Xiao Yan immediately noticed a trace of unease and hurriedly retreated.

"Bang bang bang!" In the dazzling soul storm, a sound like a broken porcelain sounded loudly!

And with the sound of this voice, in Xiao Yan's mind, the power of his soul actually solidified!

"Bang bang bang!" Countless soul powers attacked the two-color fire tiger, but without the support of the soul power, the soul fire tiger was also defeated.

"This Yun Qi's fighting methods are really old-fashioned." Seeing Yun Qi randomly dispersing the two-color fire tiger that was pressing down on the bottom of the box, a deafening soul voice suddenly emerged in the sky.

"It's not over yet!" Yun Qiyu's hand squirmed gently, tugging at the blue silk under the tulle, through the tulle, you could see a smile on Yun Qi's pretty face at this time!

"Go!" The next moment, just when Xiao Yan was surprised, Yun Qiyu's hand was changing rapidly with a very strange handprint!

"This guy..." Xiao Yan's soul power was imprisoned just now, so he could only watch Yun Qi make his move.

With the success of Yunqi's mudra, the soul power in his soul realm suddenly solidified, and the next moment he directly submerged into the storm.

After a while, in the storm, a beast with a soul suddenly took shape!

The beast of the soul as a whole took on the appearance of a beast of a bird. It vibrated the wings behind it slightly. In the entire arena, a thick crack was constantly emerging.

"Tsk tsk tsk... This Yun Qi is still the true biography of the president of the Alchemist Association..."

"Soul competition of this level is beyond the scope of their soul power." Looking at the beast of soul in the field, even Lei He felt an extremely tyrannical pressure.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What a tyrannical attack method, this guy's soul power is too terrifying..." Liu Qing, who originally had hope for Xiao Yan, also shook his head slightly.

Too strong, this level of soul attack is simply not something Xiao Yan can deal with.

"This girl's use of soul power can be said to be the first person I have ever seen in the younger generation." The Soul Eater couldn't help but admire the matter.

"You Mingtian Trance should be able to... right..." Her eyes were fixed on Yun Qi, and she found that after the beast of the soul just appeared, her soul power also began to wilt, obviously condensing the beast of the soul consumes a lot of soul power.

"Try it."

"Use all your soul power as the price." The Soul Eater said solemnly, not intending to help Xiao Yan.

However, since coming out of Icefire Island, Xiao Yan has never asked for help, and it is clear that his desire to become stronger has taken root in his heart.

"One move will determine the outcome."

"If you can take over my move, I, Xiao Yan, will hand over the title of champion!" Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and now he has become brighter.

"Right on my mind!"

"One move will determine the outcome!" Yun Qi looked at the beast of the soul beside her, her beautiful eyes filled with arrogance, this was her reliance!

"Go!" The next moment, without giving Xiao Yan any chance to react, Yun Qiyu raised his hand gently and tapped the void where Xiao Yan was. A clear sound of beast chirping suddenly resounded throughout the arena. The ferocious soul beast also shook its wings, causing bursts of energy [ ] ripples around it, blasting towards Xiao Yan.

The speed of the beast of the soul was extremely fast, like lightning, and in just one breath, it appeared above the Immortal Master's head, and with a clear cry, it immediately leaned over and attacked Xiao Yan.

However, when it was about to hit Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan smiled strangely at the corner of his mouth, and a cold snort sounded, of course!

"Break it for me!" As soon as he finished speaking, behind Xiao Yan, an incomparably huge shadow of the soul instantly filled the air, and then collided with the beast of the soul.

The battle between the beast rulers was intractable in a short period of time, but Xiao Yan knew that his attack was just to buy time.

"Next..."

"You Ming Tian trance!" The next moment, the spiritual palace in Xiao Yan's soul sea completely flashed, and a trace of soul power was directly mobilized by Xiao Yan.

"Weeping!" Yun Qi also let out a coquettish roar when he noticed that Xiao Yan was going all out. The dazzling soul power emerged directly from the beast of the soul, and finally, at the mouth and nose of the beast of the soul, a ring of loud voices, Suddenly floating in the arena.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan and Yun Qi also tried their best, and suddenly two bright chirping sounds slowly echoed in this space, the whole space would be torn apart by then, and the damage was quite serious!

"Damn, I can't lose!" Seeing Xiao Yan also unleashing such a tyrannical soul attack, Yun Qi bit his lips slightly, at this time, whoever's soul strength is not enough, I'm afraid whoever loses.

"Boom!" The fighting inside the arena was earth-shattering, and the ground was shaking outside at this time. There was no doubt that if the fighting continued like this, I am afraid that the arena would be wiped out.

"It's really two lunatics... such a tyrannical soul fluctuation..."

"Forget it, forget it." Lei He shook his head lightly as he saw that the two of them were ready to fight hard.

"All right."

"This battle is a draw."

"The two of you are tied for the first place. As for the reward, both of you have a share." Lei He's voice slowly echoed in the arena, and the earth-shattering arena that was stirred by the power of the two souls slowly recovered. calm.