Chapter Vol 4 1906: 1 person, 1 foot, 100,000 battles!

The latest website: "Xiao...Xiao Yan, the handsome lord?" The feeling of the rest of his life made Xuan Yuan's voice rather hoarse, but looking at the awe-inspiring figure above the void, he couldn't help muttering.

"Thank you for your hard work." Xiao Yan responded quite softly. Immediately, the invisible soul power on his body and a trace of holy flame shrouded the five hundred monsters outside, which restored their breath and even their state. a lot.

"Sir, hurry up!" After Shun breathed, Xuan Yuan snorted coldly, extremely urgent. He knew that even if Xiao Yan made a move, they would definitely not be able to defeat the evil-eyed demon king and the 100,000 army behind him.

That is the 100,000 army, which is the reliance of the evil eye demon king. Among them are well-trained monsters and elites. They are full of calculations, and there are only 1,000 monsters, which is a hundred times worse, not to mention the strength of the second army. That disparity level.

"Tianhu, the command of the army will be handed over to you." Enveloped by the scorching flames, Xiao Yan stepped on the void and looked indifferently at the evil-eyed demon king and the top leaders of the army among the black monster army in the distance. The location, a strong killing intent, diffused out.

Xiao Yan is also clear that in today's situation, there is no foreign aid, only self-transcendence!

What if the 100,000 Legion is tyrannical?

They are also flesh and blood, they are also afraid of life and death, they also have many weaknesses like humans, and there is one most important thing!

Xiao Yan wanted to use this to completely stimulate his clan lines.

After the rest, Tianhu Yaoshuai watched Xiao Yan act like this, and successfully merged with the elites behind him and the strong people below, but the surrounding attacks ended with their appearance. Now they seem to be surrounded by enemies, and they are waiting to be slaughtered. The lamb is generally passive!

With thousands of people against 100,000 people, this situation can be described as...

"Wonderful and wonderful." After Shunxi, looking at Xiao Yan's proudly standing figure, and the powerful monster beasts under his feet, the first among the 100,000 monster beast army, the evil-eyed demon king stood up slightly, patting his white hands. , the slender figure looks extremely evil, and in this silent battlefield, the voice is extremely harsh.

"I have to say, I admire your courage."

"However, there must be a limit to your whimsical idea!"

"Hand over all the proceeds from the tomb of the demon emperor, this king can give you a way to live... Otherwise, the body and spirit will be destroyed." The evil eye demon king snorted coldly, and the meaning of the words was hard to stop.

What if you get all the treasures in the Demon Emperor's tomb?

After all, these things belonged to his evil-eyed demon king. Since Xiao Yan and his group devoured the treasure privately, he had no choice but to let them spit it out!

Ru Mao drinking blood is not a bad idea!

"Leave us a way out?"

"Hand over the treasure?"

"You are dreaming." Xiao Yan looked at the evil-eyed demon king and the many high-level demon beasts behind him with disdain.

"Good boy, you have courage, so...you will die miserably in a while!"

"Hahaha!" The Demon King of Evil Eyes seemed to have expected it for a long time. Facing Xiao Yan's appearance, he laughed outright.

The loud laughter was mixed with a strong demonic energy that rose to the sky, and it was like a thunderstorm that quickly covered the entire battlefield, making the spirit of the 100,000 demon beast army even more terrifying.

"I'll give you this!" At the same time, Xiao Yan's figure was like a rapidly expanding ball, paving the way for this world.

"Shi Xie Yao is handsome, Scale monster is handsome, Charming Yao is handsome, this guy will be handed over to you." Seeing Xiao Yan's behavior like this, the evil-eyed demon king returned directly to his position after he finished speaking. up, softly.

A guy who is only in the early stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals, with a team of a thousand people, obviously does not have the qualifications to let himself do it.

"This time, let's do it." After Shun breath, one of the three monster army monster commanders, the scale monster commander, said with a smile on his face.

"The Corpse Demon General, the Mu Mei General, the two of you will work together to capture this traitor!" The Scale Demon Commander said to the scale demon army behind him. Suddenly, a corpse aura swept across his body, and his body was full of corrosive aura. A monster whose body was wrapped in countless vines stepped out together.

"Go!"

"Boom boom boom!" The two of them charged with unrivaled terrifying demonic energy and charged directly at the location of Xiao Yan's team.

"Sir!" At this time, the team of Xiao Yan and others had converged, and a thousand elite monsters were closely surrounded by a hundred thousand monster army. Two groups of streamers came out and approached them.

"Crash!" Before the figure arrived, one of the two suddenly shot out from the air. At the same time, above the gloomy sky, the rotten gray corpse energy turned into an energy storm, facing the sky. Xiao Yan's body was smashed!

Xiao Yan's body, dressed in a black shirt, stands with an ancient ruler tightly behind his back. If he is hit by such a terrifying attack... I am afraid that he will be seriously injured in an instant!

"Bang bang bang!" The extremely rotten corpse gas had just arrived at Xiao Yan's side, and the dark void around Xiao Yan seemed to be ignited, and the hot sacred aura swept out. Energy fluctuations and loud noises flooded out.

"Get away from me!" Xiao Yan's face was gloomy, his palms were wrapped in amber-colored sacred flames, and the void wriggled behind him. When he appeared the next moment, he was already in front of the corpse demon general.

"Hey, I can't see it, you **** is still... poof!" The corpse demon general looked at Xiao Yan's bizarre behavior. Although he was caught off guard, he still sneered at the tyranny of his own strength, but before he finished speaking, Xiao Yan's flaming giant palm with a touch of unspeakable divine power directly pierced through his monster beast body.

"Tick tock!"

"Impossible... This is?" The last thought of the corpse monster emerged, and it was beheaded by Xiao Yan with the fire of holy flame and thunder. , that sound is particularly harsh.

"And you!" The Wood Charm Monster beside the Corpse Monster General watched with his own eyes the tyrannical body-protecting corpse energy around the Corpse Monster General, and it disappeared quickly under Xiao Yan's flame palm, like thin ice encountering a raging fire Generally speaking, there is a slight sense of fear for a while.

"Bang bang bang!" The wood enchanting general reacted very quickly. When Xiao Yan had just defeated the corpse demon general, the dense wood attribute filled his body, and a mass of demonic vines over a hundred meters wrapped tightly around him. The degree of tyranny of defense is obvious to all.

"Kacha!" However, the Charming Demon General's reaction speed was fast, but Xiao Yan's attack was one step faster than him. His defense had not yet been fully formed, and the amber flames of Xiao Yan's body were venting out, instantly destroying those defensive wooden vines. Burn up.

"This is... Sheng Yan?" At the same time, seeing that his strongest defense was so vulnerable in front of Xiao Yan, Mu Charming Monster shrank his beast's eyes tightly and lost his voice.

"Get out of here!" Xiao Yan ignored Mu Charming Demon General's last words before his death, his palm was twisted, and he also pierced through the wooden Charming Demon General's body, completely destroying its vitality!

After killing the corpse demon general and the wooden charm demon general with the power of thunder, the demon cube in Xiao Yan's body unknowingly devoured the two demon pills, filling himself immediately, and the saturation actually reached 12%. !

After taking a good breath, Xiao Yan stretched out his hands at the same time, grabbed the bodies of the Corpse Demon General and the Wood Charming Demon General, and shot at the evil-eyed demon king abruptly.

"Crash!" Two black shadows shot out, and the 100,000 Monster Beast Legion below and the top management hadn't figured out what it was, and a **** aura filled the air.

"What's the matter?" The scathing monster handsome saw two groups of black shadows rushing in with a cold snort, the dazzling demonic energy formed a demonic energy barrier and took over the two shadows.

"This is?" The other two demon handsomes frowned upon seeing this.

At this time, the figure lying on the barrier of the handsome demonic energy of the scale demon was clearly the two demon generals who had just sent out to obliterate Xiao Yan. At this time, their demon pills were taken away, like a dead dog being thrown out, and their heads exploded. The seven orifices were bleeding, and the **** and terrifying pictures stimulated the minds of every high-level monster present!

This Xiao Yan actually used the strength of the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortal to obliterate their two demon generals who were at the perfect level of the Seven Star Fighting Immortal in the blink of an eye?

When did the Seven Star Douxian Perfection level powerhouse become so vulnerable...

"Don't waste time for this king!"

"The three of you, take action together and kill him for me!" Seeing such a scene, the evil-eyed demon king raised his head and looked at Xiao Yan who was standing quietly in the sky. The voice, accompanied by a strong killing intent, swept away!