Chapter Vol 4 1568: Shock back!

"No, this guy has used real means, sir Xiao Yan, be careful!"

"Qing Yunkun has the existence of a wind-type heavenly seed on his body!" In an instant, the second elder, who was working hard to recover his fighting spirit, couldn't help shouting loudly.

When it comes to the four-star Dou Xian, the strength of the Heavenly Seed and the quality of the fighting skills are the keys to completely determine the battle. Among the Heavenly Seeds, the Fire Element Heavenly Seed possesses unparalleled destructive power, while the Wind Element Heavenly Seed has the power of destruction. Extreme speed and sharp power.

"The Great Heavenly Seed of the Wind Element?" Xiao Yan immediately frowned upon hearing this.

Today's Qingyunkun is deeply trapped in the purgatory map, and his strength is vaguely suppressed to the level of the middle stage of the four-star fighting immortal, but if a big heavenly seed is added, I am afraid that the gap between the two will still be at a certain level. enlarge.

"Boom!"

"I'm very interested in your secret technique."

"so……"

"Yuan Ying, come out!" In an instant, Qing Yunkun's face became strange, and he immediately shouted.

As soon as the voice fell, Qing Yunkun's body was immediately surrounded by circles of cyan energy that completely covered his body, and even above that cyan energy, there was a trace of spirituality.

"Huhuhu!" The cyan energy is the power of the Wind Element Great Heavenly Seed. It just appeared, and suddenly in this purgatory formation, it brought a hurricane all over the sky, and it faintly weakened the power of the flames of the molten world. .

"It's such a tricky Wind Element Heavenly Seed." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also shook his head secretly. Now that he was blessed with the Flame Swallowing Technique, and the Purgatory Array Map, he felt quite pressured against this guy.

"Yuan Ying, is my wind system great heavenly seed."

"Tianyuan Hurricane Dragon!" After a while, without waiting for Xiao Yan to react, the dazzling energy of the Great Celestial Seed on Qing Yunkun's body squirmed, and then slowly condensed in the void in front of him. emerge slowly.

"Purgatory Array, condense!" Xiao Yan raised his palm slowly, and then suddenly squeezed it, directly forming a hundred-zhang giant dragon with the power of flame in the entire Purgatory Array. It seemed that the two were evenly matched, but Xiao Yan understood, I am afraid that my attack will still not be Qing Yunkun's opponent.

"It seems that we can only try mental power and soul power." Seeing the two fighting each other, Xiao Yan also had an idea in his heart.

Now, after using the Flame Swallowing Technique, if you don't use holy flame, you can't completely kill Qing Yunkun, so he can only work on his soul power and spiritual power. However, Xiao Yan has only a limited understanding of spiritual power.

"mental strength!"

"Shendong core inscription, condense it for me!" At this moment, Xiao Yan did not urge the core inscription of Shendong to condense the formation pattern, but directly urged the inscription itself, and suddenly a strange power suddenly emerged from the Ni Gong Wan. After coming out, with the help of Xiao Yan, it was injected into the body of the Purgatory Formation Dragon.

"Give it to me, tear him up!" He didn't notice Xiao Yan's actions, he directly controlled the cyan giant dragon in the hurricane. With an order, the cyan hurricane brought the cyan giant dragon and roared at Xiao Yan. Blast away.

"Hold me up!" Xiao Yan bowed his head, but he didn't give in too much. A hint of decisiveness emerged, and the purgatory formation dragon, which was injected with the special power of the inscription, also whistled and attacked Qing Yunkun.

"Boom!" The cyan giant dragon and the fiery red giant dragon just collided, and circles of extremely terrifying energy ripples continued to fall off their bodies and scattered towards the molten world.

"What's going on?" After a stalemate, the blue giant dragon was the fiery red giant dragon that didn't tear Xiao Yan, but the two were inextricably fighting for a while, and Qing Yunkun couldn't help but wonder.

"That's... the mysterious power that motivated the inscription to appear with spiritual power?" Xiao Yan originally thought that he would be defeated by this attack, but he did not expect that the fire dragon, which had been injected with special power, would be evenly matched with its attack.

"Spiritual strength is still too weak, and the information I know is too little. It seems that we have to find a time to solve this problem. After all, I always feel that soul strength and spiritual strength seem to resonate." Xiao Yan finished speaking without hesitation. , there was a glimpse of stunned eyes in his eyes, and then he closed his eyes gently, sitting directly in the void of the molten world, the dazzling soul power all over his body was suddenly mobilized, and an irresistible coercion went straight from Xiao Yan. diffuse out. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest computer: https://

Now, I can only try the power of the soul, and although the power of the soul is tyrannical, it does not have the power to really kill the powerhouse in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortal.

"Damn boy, what the **** is this trick!" Seeing Xiao Yan exerting the extremely strange power on the fire dragon, Qing Yunkun couldn't do anything for a while. Feel a sense of fear.

"Pavilion Master, look at that kid... that seems to be the fluctuation of soul power!"

"How tyrannical!" In an instant, Qing Yang, a half-step four-star fighting immortal powerhouse, suddenly opened his mouth, and his voice was filled with fear.

"This is... the soul power of fairyland, how is it possible?" While the two giant dragons were still in a stalemate, listening to his subordinate's words, Qing Yunkun's expression couldn't help but look at Xiao Yan entrenched in the void, but he was surprised to find Xiao Yan The soul power that emerged from the whole body turned out to have reached the fairyland!

"Pavilion Master, you can't hold on, this kid is too weird!"

"The last blow!" After a while, Qing Yang, a half-step four-star fighting immortal powerhouse, was also speaking.

"The last blow."

"If it fails, it can only be considered in the long run." After a short while, Qing Yunkun also made a decision. Obviously, Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui were targeted by Ling Yu for a reason.

"Yuan Ying." After a few breaths, Qing Yunkun's body suddenly emerged with the power of a cyan wind system, and then turned into an incomparably huge giant eagle in front of him!

The giant eagle is blue all over, but the sharp giant claws and blue feathers all over it are extremely sharp, as if a slight touch can kill them.

"Go!" Shuanglong stalemate for a while, then slowly disappeared, and just at the moment when Shuanglong just disappeared, the giant eagle condensed by the origin of the wind-type celestial species suddenly burst out with an eagle cry, and then suddenly flapped its wings and shouted ~www. mtlnovel.com~ blasted towards Xiao Yan, and the space exploded wherever he passed along the way. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/

"Sir Xiao Yan..."

"Alas!" Seeing this, the second elder below sighed helplessly. Immediately, the surrounding flames emerged and went directly to Xiao Yan's body. Just because Xiao Yan bought so much time for himself, he said that he wanted to protect Xiao Yan. .

"Huhu."

"Gaze... the pupil." In an instant, just as the cyan giant eagle was about to attack Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan's pupils slowly opened, and even above his head, a strange pupil with a strange color flashed, It was also along with Xiao Yan's eyes that opened.

At this moment, the countless flame forces in the molten world became quiet in an instant, and they even expressed fear, as if they were afraid of the demonic pupils above Xiao Yan's head.

This pupil, about the size of a dragon's eye, has a grayish-white color as a whole, but a trace of cyan flame lingers around its pupil, and under the lingering of this cyan flame, the pupil exudes a very greedy smell , seems to have the mysterious effect of devouring all things, so he slowly stared at Qing Yunkun in the distance.

"Gulu..." Being stared at like this, Qing Yunkun only felt a burst of dizziness, and was suddenly shocked.

"Run!" In an instant, Qing Yunkun didn't have time to think about it, a space scroll appeared in his palm, crushed in an instant, and the people of Qingyun Pavilion also disappeared here.

"Pfft." With a sound, Xiao Yan's figure in the sky fell into a coma with everyone leaving.