Chapter Vol 4 939: Refining the Shape-Returning Soul Pill

Ten days passed in a blink of an eye.

In ten days, Xiao Yan could be considered to have learned one finger and one punch. The difficulty of this fighting skill is far beyond Xiao Yan's imagination, but after all, this is the famous skill of Fairy Moon. The strength to deal with Samsung Dou Xian is enough to illustrate the tyranny of this fighting skill.

Even this simple one-finger punch, at the same level, can go sideways.

"almost."

"Since everything is done, let's start refining the medicinal pills." Xiao Yan said slowly in his heart, and his heart became slightly hot.

Since I came to Dou Di Sifang Continent, I have always remembered this matter.

After all, if the ancestor Xiao Xuan did not help him in the tomb, he would not be where he is today.

"I remember what Uncle Jinlong said."

"If you want to resurrect the ancestors, you need these kinds of things."

"First, create a blood-shaping pill."

"Second, the bloodline of the blood of the seventh-grade emperor-ranked Warcraft."

"Third, the skeleton of a Dou Di strong man."

"Fourth, the soul of the resurrected person, even if it is a shard imprint, as long as it has the power of the soul."

"If the blood of the beast is from the Five Elements beasts, the bones of the strong Dou Di were obtained from the Yue Family. With the body of the Ming Cult, the strength after resurrection should not be weak." Xiao Yan said to himself. .

"However, this blood-shaping pill is comparable to a third-grade emperor-level pill. I can't make it right now, so I can only replace it with a shape-returning pill. Although the potency will be a little worse, it is still in the body and magical beasts. There shouldn’t be any mistakes if the blood essence is replenished.” Xiao Yan confirmed it carefully, and then spoke up.

"Now, let's refine the medicinal pill first." Xiao Yan sensed a very faint light group in his soul realm, and that light group was the last trace left by his ancestor Xiao Xuan dissipated in the tomb of heaven. strength!

With this soul imprint, Xiao Yan has the confidence to revive it after adding the medicinal pill and body.

And the blood of the beasts of the Five Elements beasts and the skeletons of some Dou Di powerful people obtained from the Yue family before, are added to the corpse of the follower of Mingjiao.

"Let's start." Xiao Yan calmly adjusted his breath, and then spoke out slightly.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan immediately took out the most important three-flavored medicinal material from the Najie.

"The most important medicinal materials for refining and making the Soul Rejuvenating Pill are Galewind Treasure Fruit, Canglong Dew, and Heavenly King Ginseng."

The Gale Treasure Fruit, which Xiao Yan traded from Qinxin, the Heavenly King Ginseng was obtained from the remains of the Fairy Moon, and the Canglonglu was lying quietly in Xiao Yan's collection ring.

"The fire is coming." The next moment, Xiao Yan called out his Emperor Yan directly, forming an extremely gorgeous scenery in front of him.

"Black Devil!" After a short while, Xiao Yan's acceptance ring flickered, and then the giant cauldron of the cauldron appeared impressively.

As soon as the black devil appeared, a heavy breath suddenly appeared. Obviously, this black devil is a rare and good cauldron.

"Warm the fire first." Xiao Yan watched the black demon appear, and then as many as twenty-three kinds of different fires fused with Emperor Yan kept flowing around in the black demon. A chance of failure.

"Weng hum!" The flame slowly burned in the black demon, and with this burning, the temperature of the entire training room also slowly increased.

Warm fire can improve the chance of successful refining. Although it is extremely weak, it is better than nothing.

"This soul-returning pill can be regarded as the pinnacle of emperor-level second-grade earth-level pills. This kid is really..." Ever since Xiao Yan was preparing to refine the pills to revive his ancestors, the Golden Dragon King kept his eyes on Xiao Yan.

After all, I don't have much time. After all, I need to succeed as soon as possible and save the Xiao family.

"Emperor rank one, two and three, each rank is divided into three levels of heaven, earth and profound. Your disciple is a pharmacist who has reached the peak of the second emperor rank at a young age. I am afraid that his status in the future will also be..." Soul Eater The Lord suddenly had some strange thoughts. Although he was from the ghost world, he naturally respected the group of alchemists. After all, the strong were respected.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yeah." The Golden Dragon King didn't pay attention to him, so he casually agreed and then opened his mouth.

"let's start."

"Shaping Soul Rejuvenation Pill is an elixir located at the peak of the second-rank emperor. It is mainly composed of Gale Treasure Fruit, supplemented by Tianwang Ginseng, neutralized by Canglong Dew, and some other medicinal materials are added. It seems that it will take at least three months. time."

"Gale Wind Treasure Fruit." Xiao Yan said lightly from the corner of his mouth, and then directly opened the treasure box Qinxin gave him. At this time, the box was opened, and Xiao Yan's soul power was extremely terrifying. The power radiated instantly.

"Give me in!" Xiao Yan knew the horror of this Galewind Treasure Fruit, and immediately did not dare to underestimate it easily, throwing it directly into the black devil!

"Crash!" Gale Baoguo had just submerged into the black demon, and suddenly there were extremely powerful repelling forces all over his body, trying to extinguish Xiao Yan's Emperor Yan.

However, although Gale Baoguo is extremely tyrannical in spirit, Xiao Yan's Emperor Yan is not a vegetarian, not to mention that Xiao Yan's Emperor Yan has a steady stream.

"Huhu."

"This Gale Treasure Fruit is really tenacious." Xiao Yan wiped the sweat from his forehead and said.

It was clear that Galewind Baoguo was rejecting his refining just now, but fortunately, in the fight just now, Xiao Yan won.

"Emperor flame and holy flame are incompatible, but in order to better match the power of the body and soul, we can only use the emperor flame, otherwise, with the power of holy flame, I am afraid it will only take a month to refine this strong wind treasure fruit But Di Yan needs three months." Xiao Yan said helplessly.

After all, there is only one set of medicinal materials, so Xiao Yan did not dare to combine Sheng Yan and Emperor Yan into the black devil at the same time, otherwise it would cause the explosion of the cauldron...

"No, it only takes half a year for the sect competition to start, and we have to speed up." Xiao Yan couldn't help but flicker with determination in his eyes, and then without hesitation, the villain-like Heavenly King Ginseng was facing Hei. Projected away in the magic cauldron.

"Wow!" And with the addition of the Heavenly King Ginseng, in the Black Devil Cauldron, Emperor Yan is even more dazzling, and the two medicinal materials are being slowly refined by Xiao Yan!

And the reason why Xiao Yan is so bold is not only because of lack of time, but also to see his own limits.

After all, Xiao Yan hadn't refined medicinal pills for a long time.

However, Xiao Yan didn't dare to take it lightly. A dazzling soul force controlled his Emperor Yan. The huge energy of life was used as the delivery of Emperor Yan. A large amount of medicinal pills seemed to be free of money, and he swallowed them directly. Go down and replenish the life force that you consume.

"Haha, this kid, there is something."

"I have seen many pharmacists. When refining medicinal materials, in order not to waste the medicinal materials, they all choose to refine them carefully one by one. This kid is better. The two medicinal materials are refined together. This courage..." The Soul Lord hid in the ring and spoke slowly.

"Hey, don't even look at whose disciple this is." When the Golden Dragon King heard this, he naturally laughed, but he admired Xiao Yan's courage!