Chapter 410: Midnight thieves!

The Xuanling royal family is also brightly lit at this time. Among the royal family, tonight can be described as a sleepless night, because at this time, the royal family is orderly arranging defense paths. After all, whether it is the safety of the auction site The problem, or the protection and confidentiality of auction items, is that they cannot be spared the slightest relaxation.

And this auction is hosted by their Xuanling royal family, but there must be no loss.

"How is the preparation of the royal auction house?" A charming voice also appeared in a room.

It was a woman who spoke, and the uniform also showed Lingli's figure to the fullest. It should be concave and convex, and it was very attractive. I don't know how many men's dreams are that waist like a water snake.

The woman's long, slender and **** legs, combined with the charm that goes deep into the bone marrow, also made countless people salivate.

It's just that only familiar people know who this is!

This is the leader of the entire Xuanling royal family!

In terms of strength, in the entire Xuanling royal family, apart from a very small number of old monsters, the current King Xuanling belongs to the top generation of strength, but the charming woman in front of him, even the King of Xuanling, has to let it go. Three points for her!

For nothing else... just because the entire economy of the Xuanling royal family is supported by this woman alone!

Although this woman's strength is mediocre, only the strength of a one-star fighting emperor, but no one dares to provoke her!

The Xuanling Royal Family and Xuanling City are able to have their current prosperity, but it all depends on this woman.

This woman's name is Blood Rose.

A person who now controls the economic lifeline of the entire Xuanling royal family, as long as there is a slight idea of ​​rebellion, I am afraid that the economy of the entire Xuanling royal family will be paralyzed. This shows the shrewdness of this woman!

"Reporting to your lord, the royal auction hall has been under martial law, and it will be used in the auction tomorrow." A man with a tiger's head on his body also stood upright.

The one with the tiger's head carved on the shoulder is a member of the Tiger Tooth Legion. Unexpectedly, this Blood Rose has already bought a lot of people from the legion.

But it is strange to say that next to the tiger's head above the shoulders, there are also three patterns engraved, which obviously means that this person has a high status in the Tiger Tooth Army!

The status of the Tiger Tooth Army is divided, with the highest five patterns!

"What is the current form of the three major legions?" Xue Qiangwei also said slightly charmingly, her crisp **** were also shaky, and with the charming voice that was so crisp to the core, this soldier couldn't help being shocked.

"Reporting to your lord, the three major legions, now the Huya Legion is in charge of martial law, and the Wolf Eagle Legion is responsible for secret defense. As for the deputy head of the Wolf Eagle Legion, he returned with the fourth prince. It seems that there are other things depending on the situation..."

"However, the people of the Dragon-loving Legion seem to have held a meeting urgently, and the whole legion is gathering, it is very likely that there is a big move." Even if the soldiers are face-to-face, this so-called Blood Rose has its own rules. Immediately, he was unmoved, and then slowly opened his mouth.

"Okay, I see, you can go down, I won't treat you badly after this is done." Blood Rose also waved her hand after finishing speaking.

The soldier also withdrew.

"I really don't know what King Xuanling wants to do..." Blood Rose also shook her head slightly and said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But forget it, the wealth is almost accumulated, it should be time to welcome the return of our Lord Guixian."

"Xuan Santian will belong to our ghost world sooner or later." Blood Rose also said slowly.

After the blood rose secretly finished speaking, she also regained her original charm, and then went on to do other things.

The nights in Xuanling City are always silent, just like the wind blowing 108,000 miles without asking about the return date.

Where Xiao Yan and the others lived, at the back door of the inn, a shadow slowly slipped into the inn under the cover of moonlight.

It was late at night, and Mu Yingying and the others had already fallen asleep, but Xiao Yan was still carefully cultivating the Immortal Silk Vine Formation.

"It should be this one." A hoarse voice came out, and the next moment, the door of the room was gently pushed open.

"Creak!"

"It looks like it's still here." Even though Xiao Yan was cultivating the Immortal Silk Vine Formation, he did not forget to pay attention to Mu Yingying's side, because Xiao Yan had already stored a trace of soul power in Mu Yingying before. In addition, Xiao Yan's huge soul power keeps an eye on the movements of Mu Yingying's room, so at this moment, the door of Mu Yingying's room has just been pushed open, and Xiao Yan also notices it.

"Susu... She really is a very delicate porcelain doll..."

"But I just don't know why the third prince needs this person..."

"The third prince is not the kind of person who is reckless on weekdays... Forget it, let's get down to business first." The man in black also opened the door of Mu Yingying's room in an instant, and then closed it in an instant. He whispered, but Xiao Yan still discovered it.

"Who...not going to bed so late..." Mu Yingying was also alert. After all, Xiao Yan had instructed herself before, so she also kept a hand and set up some fighting qi barriers around her room. It will also be reported to Mu Yingying as soon as possible.

"Fire attribute power..."

"Xiao Yan...Is there anything else so late?" Mu Yingying also got up slightly, then revealed her extremely attractive collarbone, and said with her eyes slightly open.

"Shabu Shabu!" Mu Yingying just woke up, sleepy, but unexpectedly, the man in black who entered the door directly shot and walked towards Mu Yingying's forehead!

With such an appearance, it was obvious that she was trying to knock Mu Yingying unconscious!

Mu Yingying also turned over immediately and jumped under the bed, with a slightly displeased voice: "Who the **** are you!"

"The one who took you away." The hoarse voice also emanated from the man in black!

"Humph!" Mu Yingying snorted coldly, urging the exercises in her body, and an azure blue flame burst out instantly, and then stared vigilantly at the man in black in front of her!

Just from the meeting just now, Mu Yingying knew that she would definitely not be the opponent of this man in black. For now, she had to wait for rescue. I hope Xiao Yan and the others will find out sooner.

"You'd better capture it without your hands. I've already created a barrier here, but ordinary people won't be able to find it."

"Don't worry, I'm just doing what I was ordered to do, and I'm not doing anything to you." A hoarse voice came from the man in black.

Under the illumination of the room lights, Mu Yingying could only see the silent pupils of the man in black, which were like dead gray, and immediately felt a chill in her heart.

"Damn it!" Mu Yingying let out a coquettish anger, and then said without giving up.

"Let's see where you're going!" The man in black was too lazy to waste time with Mu Yingying, his figure moved like a ghost, and he came behind Mu Yingying in an instant. He slapped Mu Yingying's head away.

"Huang Quantian's anger!" A familiar voice resounded in the room just as the man in black was about to attack Mu Yingying.

Ask for tickets!