Chapter Vol 2 732: solve

"Come on." Xiao Yan said sharply, and then his eyes slowly stared at the eight stone pillars.

The next moment, the eight stone pillars did not leave the same place as Xiao Yan thought, and whistled towards him.

But above the eight stone pillars, a strange light emerged, and a dazzling ancient breath suddenly appeared on the stone pillar!

The next moment, each of the eight stone pillars emerged with a mysterious and ancient force, directly facing the eight steps in the center of the stone hall!

"Boom boom boom!" After a while, a silver-white energy light group slowly emerged.

"Is this the thing that is lacking in the cultivation of the Heaven-shifting Ruler..." Xiao Yan held the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler in his hand, and looked at the mysterious light group on the eight steps with slight vigilance.

In the mysterious light group, there seems to be a power that makes Xiao Yan feel afraid, and that power seems to be exactly the same as the looming fighting skill scroll!

Following the actions of the eight stone pillars, the next moment, it instantly returned to calm, but the dazzling light group in the center of the stone hall was slowly shaking.

Not long after, the mysterious light group turned into a human appearance.

"This is……"

"Myself?" After a few breaths, Xiao Yan's breathing became heavier, because the mysterious light group in front of him actually transformed into his own appearance!

"Those who covet treasures, die." Xiao Yan, who was transformed by the mysterious light group, said coldly, and the space of the stone hall trembled slightly in an instant.

"Look at the ruler!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't want to waste time with this mysterious figure, and a terrifying flame burst out from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand, attacking the fake self!

The fake Xiao Yan's pupils were filled with ashes. Facing Xiao Yan's attack so close at hand, he didn't have the slightest fear. His palms rose slightly, and an ancient aura permeated.

In an instant, Xiao Yan's seemingly terrifying attack was easily resolved by it.

"Good guy!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but sink. In this sealed stone palace, he was undoubtedly at a disadvantage. If he continued to fight like this, he would inevitably lose.

"Boom boom boom!" The fake Xiao Yan took Xiao Yan's attack with ease, without hesitation, he raised his palm and attacked Xiao Yan.

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan thought of a way while retreating, but Xiao Yan didn't realize that every time the counterfeit Xiao Yan's palm attacked him, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand absorbed a trace of strength. Weak, but it does happen.

"This is..." Just a few minutes after the battle, Xiao Yan was chased by the fake Xiao Yan, but fortunately Xiao Yan's movement skills were good, and with the help of the ancient ruler of the different fire, it did not cause any damage to him. What a big impact, but the fake Xiao Yan suddenly stared at the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire Eternal Flame, which was exuding bursts of flames on Xiao Yan's palm, and stopped moving.

"Huh..." Xiao Yan was secretly surprised when he saw that the fake Xiao Yan had stopped moving, but there was a burst of cheers from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand, and Xiao Yan had no choice.

"You mean, if you want to acquire the method of cultivation, this guy is essential?" Xiao Yan said with a doubtful tone to his palm.

"Huhu!" The Yihuo Henggu ruler is very spiritual, and Zaidu cheered in approval.

"But this guy's strength may have reached the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor or even stronger. I can't deal with the current me alone." Xiao Yan thought again, this fake Xiao Yan is the condensed mysterious power of eight stone pillars. So, even Xiao Yan, there is no other way.

"Do you have a solution?" Just when Xiao Yan was at a loss, a burst of information suddenly came out from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and Xiao Yan suddenly wondered.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan communicated with Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler. He immediately knew what Yihuo Heng ancient ruler was doing. He couldn't help being surprised. He immediately fought against the fake Xiao Yan, but this time, Xiao Yan was not running away. Every time the fake Xiao Yan's attack was blocked directly by the ancient ruler of different fire and constant, and it was strange to say, no matter how the attack of the fake Xiao Yan destroyed the sky and the earth, the ancient ruler of different fire and eternal will not be happy. Fear to stop.

In the deepest part of the Dou Ji Pavilion, besides Xiao Yan who entered the Human Palace and Qin Xin entered the Heaven Palace, the other five people all entered the Earth Palace by coincidence.

"Second Senior Brother, this is..." Ling Xuan was the first to speak.

The five people here naturally had the guidance of an expert to successfully arrive at the place where the treasures of the palace were stored, but for the rest, they could only rely on themselves.

"Don't panic, this should be the place where the treasures of our underground palace are stored." Second senior brother Zhu Yuan bore the brunt, standing in front of the five people, and said vigilantly.

Since the five of them separated from Xiao Yan and the others, they were brought here in an instant due to an unknown powerful force, and they had just arrived here, and they could clearly feel that the atmosphere here was completely different from the outside.

"According to what the deputy hall master said, it is quite easy to cultivate the treasures of our underground hall. I am afraid that the few people present have the capital to successfully cultivate." Ling Yun stared at the surroundings and said.

"The treasures of the town hall should be stored in the main hall, let's look for it first Second Senior Brother Zhu Yuan opened his mouth.

Following Zhu Yuan's opening, several people also dispersed, looking for in this forest.

It's just that a few hundred meters away from a few people, a silver hall slowly appeared.

It's just that this silver hall is very special, because it actually moves!

It seems that they sensed the arrival of the five Lingxuan people. The silver hall actually moved, and it felt like a hide-and-seek!

Burning Incense Pavilion outside.

"They have already entered for five days, why is there no movement at all?" Xiong Yuan sat on a stone table at the entrance of the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion and asked a little impatiently.

"Hey, this thing can't be rushed."

"Don't you have high hopes for those little guys in your palace?" Mu Xuzi immediately laughed when he saw Xiong Yuan's appearance.

"Hope is one thing, whether it can be done is another." Xiong Yuan shook his head helplessly.

Among the many disciples who entered, Xiong Yuan clearly remembered that there were five places where the treasures of the underground palace were stored. If even this failed, then there was no doubt that these five people were the people of their underground palace. Treasure missed.

"Wait, once the treasure of the town hall at any point in the three halls is successfully cultivated by others, we will be able to sense it for the first time." Mu Xuzi said.

"Now, that's all we can do. I hope these little guys won't let us down. After all, they have obtained powerful fighting skills, and they are also unique to our Fenxiang Pavilion. They will also be able to reappear in future sect competitions. "

"Our Burning Incense Pavilion has been quiet for too many years." Xiong Yuan stared at the entrance of the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion, and said slowly, there was a vicissitudes of hope in his voice. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: