Chapter Vol 4 1731: 4-color Buddha's anger reincarnation!

"Crazy, crazy, crazy!"

"What's wrong with this world?" Fang Hao couldn't help roaring, looking at Xiao Yan who was high in the sky and surrounded by four-color flames.

Following Fang Hao's roar, Xiao Yan moved.

Fen Jue in the body was running at a high speed, and a trace of special fighting qi that had been tempered by Fen Jue emerged directly, and immediately poured into the four holy flames.

"Weng Om!" Being pulled by Xiao Yan like this, the four holy flames also sensed something, and they vibrated rapidly, and their majestic flame powers swept out. For a time, the void in the desert hinterland immediately became Collapse, it seems that this space will be completely shattered at any time!

The half-reincarnation level battle just now did not shatter this space, and now Xiao Yan's four holy flames have produced such violent fluctuations, which undoubtedly shows that what Xiao Yan is displaying at this time is enough to make the space here feel a huge threat.

"Give it to me!" Without any hesitation, Xiao Yan's pupils were filled with madness that looked at death, and immediately his two palms clenched tightly.

"I sue... This kid is so cruel?" Seeing this, the Hei Sha Long-Wolf, who was constantly entangled with the two Eight-star Fighting Immortals, in the distance, the smile in his heart instantly solidified, and even deep in his soul, a strong sense of unease emerged.

Holy flame fusion!

Hei Sha Long Lang clearly remembers that this kind of method, in the entire Great Thousand World, only the Holy King can use it, from ancient times to the present, without exception.

"Is this guy a descendant of the Holy King?"

"It seems that this time, the Lord of Li Soul has provoked some existences that can't be provoked."

"The descendant of the Holy King, the descendant of the Xiao Clan, let alone the more intimate relationship between the Holy King and the Xiao Clan."

"Hehe." Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Hei Sha Longlang laughed.

With the fusion of the four holy flames, there is no suspense between Xiao Yan and Fang Hao. Of course, this is under the condition of the successful fusion of holy flames, and now the fusion of holy flames is the fusion of holy flame power and holy flame crystals at the same time. The level of difficulty and the power that erupted were more tyrannical than ever before.

"Gululu!" The four holy flames, except for Mu Yingying's flame crystal, were completely refined by Xiao Yan, and could become a splendid flame that Xiao Yan mobilized at will, but at this time, Mu Yingying's origin was also injected into it. The fire is so powerful.

But at this moment, the four flames were slowly merging under the control of Xiao Yan, and for a while, the most primitive violent aura, the power of violent flames, swept out!

Holy flames are the most tyrannical holy objects in the world, how could their arrogance allow them to be merged?

The four-color fireballs had just slowly approached under Xiao Yan's control, and muffled thunderous sounds erupted directly from Xiao Yan's whole body. Immediately, countless blood-eyed orangutan marks were extremely conspicuous on Xiao Yan's skin. Time turned out to be the flesh of the four-color holy flame, and the blood slowly flowed out, and the appearance was extremely miserable.

"Hush!" It seemed that Xiao Yan's body was so unbearable that he had just noticed that on top of the dark cloak, a stream of black night liquid fell off and directly adhered to Xiao Yan's riddled skin, and Xiao Yan's pressure was greatly reduced.

"Dragon God Transformation!" The strong man endured this inhuman pain, Xiao Yan tried to display the Dragon God Transformation, and then the situation was a little better. Otherwise, without the blessing of the Dragon God Transformation and the protection of the dark cloak, I am afraid Xiao Yan was killed by the four-color holy flame.

"It's an out-and-out lunatic. No wonder the Lord of Souls is so wary of you."

"But I also like to see, how do you control these four holy flames?"

"Not to mention integrating it!" At this moment, Lei Ting summoned, but Fang Hao didn't have the urge to kill Xiao Yan. He knew the terrifying power of Sheng Yan, and he didn't know the existence of the holy king, nor did he Having witnessed the fusion of holy flames with his own eyes, with his arrogance in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, he naturally wanted to see how Xiao Yan brought his own demise.

Once Xiao Yan has completely fallen, then no one here can have the qualifications to compete with him!

Four holy flames, such an opportunity, wouldn't Fang Hao waste it?

Once you have mastered the four holy flames by yourself, let alone the mere soul domain, I am afraid that the entire ghost world will not be able to help you. At that time, you may go to the center of the ghost world and become the supreme master and enjoy the happiness of family.

However, it was the pride and greed originating from the superior ruler that killed him.

"Aggressive!" The raging flames spun rapidly around Xiao Yan, and the four-colored flames turned the front, back, left, and right of Xiao Yan into four parts.

But Xiao Yan knew that the power contained in the four-color holy flame was too huge, and mobilizing neutralization or even trying to integrate this destructive power also had a price, that is, it needed strong enough fighting qi to support it!

If the vindictive energy in his body is squandered and the four-color flames have not yet merged, even Xiao Yan can only bring about his own demise. After all, the fusion of holy flames is like licking blood on the tip of a knife, which is extremely dangerous. If it succeeds, even if it is as strong as Fang Hao, it will be dead under this kind of power.

He clenched his palm tightly and tried to neutralize the rage of the four-colored flames. Even if it was the kind of burning that eroded Xiao Yan's body, skin, and even Xiao Yan's soul, Xiao Yan showed no sign of retreating.

"Weng buzzing!" Finally, under Xiao Yan's desperate struggle, the azure blue flames became quiet first, and a moving movement spread out from the azure blue flames, like the sound of heaven, very moving .

"Yingying..." Xiao Yan smiled helplessly, knowing that this was what Mu Yingying did, but Xiao Yan would not let go of this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

Immediately, the battle qi that had been tempered by burning Jue in the body emerged like a tide, and easily enveloped the four-colored flames. In addition to the azure-blue flames, the movements bursting out actually had the mysterious effect of appeasing the madness. The fire of the color holy flame gradually became quiet, and at the same time, a terrifying force that was enough to destroy the sky and the earth slowly emerged.

"Gulu..." After blinking, Fang Hao, who originally had some contempt and felt that Xiao Yan would kill himself and fall on the fusion of his holy flame, swallowed a mouthful of saliva with difficulty His pupils tightened. Tightening and shrinking, a wave originating from death filled my heart.

"Wong Buzz!"

"Four-color fire lotus, come out." With the quiet fire of the four-color holy flame, the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth became crazy, and his palm suddenly pressed away. For a time, the flames of each color of the four groups turned out to be very fast. Shrinking, under Fang Hao's astonished eyes, an amber lotus platform about the size of a palm slowly formed.

At the same time, in Xiao Yan's Dou Qi Sea, in addition to the azure blue Saint Flame Crystal, the other three Saint Flame Crystal shattered at the same time, turning into a strange lake-colored crystal, which slowly emerged, and this thing is the Three Saint Flame Plus The new holy flame formed by Shang Mu Yingying's source fire, but now Xiao Yan doesn't have time to investigate.

"Fang Hao, just let you see, what is the real master of holy flame!"

"This move... is called..."

"Reincarnation of Buddha's Wrath!" Without thinking much, Xiao Yan ignored his already riddled body. With just the last bit of strength and instinct, a hint of madness flickered in his scarlet eyes, and put the amber color on the palm of his hand. The exquisite lotus pedestal projected towards Fang Hao's location.

The Buddha's wrath in the four-color state is more powerful than the Buddha's anger and fire lotus. Even Fang Hao, who is as strong as the middle stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, will be shattered by the power of this world.

At this moment, Fang Hao's body was cold, and he realized that he was so close to death!