Chapter Vol 4 1311: unlucky

Since the end of the top 25 competition, there has also been a three-day rest.

"Yuwei, is your sister alright?" After the test, Xiao Yan returned to his room to recover and recover. On the last day, Xiao Yan felt a little guilty and brought some excellent healing medicines to the second day. Outside the house where the woman lived, she knocked on the door lightly and asked.

"Squeak." The door was quietly opened, and a fragrant scent suddenly came out from the room.

"I'm all right now." Yu Ran Ran watched Xiao Yan approach, her heart warmed slightly, and then said.

"These are some healing medicine pills." Xiao Yan took out the medicine pills and gently placed them on the table.

"Today is the competition for the top nine." Yu Ran Ran felt a little touched in her heart, and then said.

"Don't worry, you will take good care of your wounds, that pastoral song, I will defeat him myself." Xiao Yan said.

"Yeah." Yu Ran Ran nodded slightly. Her current state is not suitable for going to the arena. After all, she wants to recuperate from her injuries, but for some reason, she feels that Xiao Yan will definitely win.

"I'll go first." Xiao Yan gently pushed open the door and went to the competitive mountain range, while Yu Wei and Yu Ran's two daughters were recuperating with peace of mind.

"Xiao Yan?" Xiao Yan had just walked a few steps when he suddenly met Du Qifei and Liu Qing, and the two women were also heading towards the arena.

"You guys are going too?" Xiao Yan said softly.

"In the promotion competition this time, there are many strong players. Let's go and see and collect some information for the next stage of the competition." Liu Qing said slowly.

"Brother Mu, look, it's that kid again?" After a while, Mu Ge and Huang Hu appeared some distance behind Xiao Yan and the others.

"Go up and say hello." Mu Ge heard the words, paced slowly, and walked directly to the three of them, but in his heart, he hated Xiao Yan extremely.

"Fei'er, what a coincidence." Mu Ge looked fierce, but when he came to Du Qifei, he tried his best to squeeze out a smile.

With the sudden appearance of the pastoral song, it also made the originally noisy road quiet down. Obviously, this pastoral song Leicheng's number one powerhouse still has some prestige.

"Hehe, isn't that Xiao Yan?"

"That guy Xiao Yan doesn't know how high the sky is and how he dares to get so close to Miss Du Qifei. It seems that Mu Ge won't let him go..." Some contestants who passed by to watch the play also laughed maliciously.

The majestic voice of the pastoral song contained extremely tyrannical power, and it turned out that the figures of Xiao Yan and the others retreated slightly.

When Duo Qifei was slightly shaken back by the sound, he felt the majestic power in Mu Ge's body, a tyrannical silver light condensed on his jade hand, but the next moment, it dissipated in an instant, and looked at Xiao Yan.

"Brother Xiao Yan, I believe you can win, and Fei'er believes in you." Duan Qifei also directly grabbed Xiao Yan's sleeve in front of everyone, and said slowly in a rather arrogant tone .

"This guy..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also felt a hint of helplessness in his heart. Obviously, this Du Qifei made it clear that he was against the pastoral song.

"Hey, Xiao Yan." Mu Ge was smiling on the surface, but in his heart he wanted to give Xiao Yan a thousand cuts. Duo Qifei was his intended daughter-in-law, and now he sees his daughter-in-law actually kissing another man. I, I, make madrigal quite angry.

Xiao Yan glanced at the maddening pastoral song, and the huge ancient ruler of different fire flashed out from behind. He held it tightly with his right hand, and waved it fiercely in front of him. A harsh voice sounded in the field: "Some things, you can't force others to be difficult, otherwise it will only cause fire**."

"A boy with sharp teeth!"

"I hope you don't encounter me in the top nine qualifying competition, otherwise I will definitely make you regret it!" The corner of Mu Ge's eyes couldn't help but twitch, and then said viciously.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan ignored this guy and took Liu Qing and Du Qifei towards the arena.

After a while, everyone came to the promotion arena.

Huang Hu looked at Xiao Yan and Duan Qifei who were walking towards him, chatting and laughing. Adding to the anger of the pastoral song, Huang Hu stared at Xiao Yan's hand clenching the heavy ruler, at the moment Xiao Yan's figure just stopped. , a silent low drink slowly emerged from his mouth, and then on the ground, a trace of yellow vindictiveness, like a thick stream of water, attacked Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Humph." Naturally, Xiao Yan's huge soul force was aware of this sneak attack method, and then he snorted coldly, and the tyrannical soul force suddenly poured out, directly shattering Huang Hu's attack, and then attacking Huang Hu and killing him. go.

"Not good!" Being attacked by Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power, Huang Hu's complexion became extremely ugly, and he even stepped back.

"Don't do these things, I will naturally clean him up and let him know what real strength is." A broad palm supported Huang Hu, so the figure stabilized.

"I'm impatient..." Huang Hu said apologetically. Obviously, his actions just now were just to vent his ill-will to Mu Ge, and he never expected to be turned against the generals by this Xiao Yan.

"Today is the day when we will advance to the top six from the top 13, because someone failed in the previous competition, so in this competition, one person will be drawn for the second competition, only then can we successfully advance to the top six, and the contestants who have been drawn for the second competition, If you fail in the first round, you will be eliminated, if you succeed in the first round, you will advance to the top nine, and if you succeed in the second round, you will advance to the top six." Du Tianfeng was also quite suitable to appear, and then announced the rules.

"The ten or so people here are all good in strength, and the weakest are those in the late stage of the Two-Star Dou Xian..." Xiao Yan looked at the thirteen contestants present and couldn't help frowning. He spoke softly, obviously. These guys gave Xiao Yan a touch of tyrannical pressure, but Xiao Yan did not have the slightest fear, and even had a hint of joy.

Among these thirteen people, including seven disciples of Leicheng forces, plus some mysterious powerhouses, it seems that it is not that simple to advance to the top six.

"Second round..." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, and then did not hesitate too much.

"Let's start drawing lots." Just as Du Tianfeng's voice fell, everyone immediately walked towards the wooden box.

The palm of the hand rose and the hand fell, and immediately got his own place in the competition.

"Xiao Yan, who are you dealing with?" Seeing Xiao Yan slowly returning to his original position, Duan Qifei asked like a curious baby.

"No." Xiao Yan also smiled helplessly, and then the note slowly appeared in front of the two women.

"Blue One, in the first round, against Huobai."

"The second round, against Feng Yu." Several huge words slowly appeared in the beautiful eyes of the two girls.

"It won't be so unlucky..." When Liu Qing saw this, a trace of worry appeared in his beautiful eyes.

"Don't worry, these two guys can't beat me." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he has become hot now, because only in the battle with the strong can he become more powerful!