Chapter Vol 4 2076: Help fly to the demon world!

The latest website: "So...what is your decision?" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and he immediately asked.

"Okay, I will trust you once!"

"But it was agreed in advance that if you fail me, even if you pay the price of falling, I will definitely make you hurt. I believe I have this strength!" The wooden block of the wood puppet demon said with a swaying mouth.

"Okay, but I'm a little curious. Your wooden man seems to be just a fake. What are you doing?" Xiao Yan asked suspiciously.

"This is a trace of forgery. At the beginning, Yao Wan took my origin, which caused me to stagnate for thousands of years. Now the origin has only recovered half, so I can only show it in this way."

"By the way, what did you just say to help me ascend to the demon world?" After a while, the wooden puppet demon said quite fiery, with an indescribable enthusiasm in his voice.

The demon world, but they are the best habitat for spiritual creatures like them. If they can successfully ascend, let alone their origins, they will be happy even if they let themselves be cows and horses.

The demon world is a paradise where all things are supernatural. There is a stable management, there is no human hunting and pursuit, no monsters will kill innocent people indiscriminately, and there is no need to worry about their own lives. Although the demon world also respects the strong, there are strong people. Constraints.

"Everything in the heaven and earth can ascend to the demon world, but in addition to breaking through the shackles and causing the catastrophe of the heavens and the earth, you can only forcibly cause the catastrophe of the heavens and the earth by external force, so that you can ascend successfully." Xiao Yan pretended to be mysterious.

"What are you going to do next?" The wood puppet demon nodded lightly, Xiao Yan's words were quite convincing.

"There are countless precious medicinal materials here, and you are in the depths of the mountain range, there should be a lot of healing medicinal materials from heaven and earth."

"I'll give you one day to return to your peak state, and leave the rest to me." Xiao Yan thought for a while and said.

"But even if I return to the peak, the source is damaged, and there are still thousands of years before the catastrophe of ascension is triggered, you..."

"And even if it caused the catastrophe of the ascension, with my current state, I can't successfully overcome the catastrophe." The wooden puppet demon was quite cautious, staring at Xiao Yan with a serious face, obviously Yao Wan took its origin and let it go. It hates humans very much.

"Don't worry, leave the rest to me."

"After all, I still need your source to temper my wood-type fighting core, and I will naturally make you soar successfully." Xiao Yanshen said with a mysterious smile, with the power of holy flame, plus that extremely mysterious and even It was Xiao Lei who didn't know what happened to Xiao Yan, so the catastrophe of ascension did not seem to be difficult for Xiao Yan.

"Okay!" The wooden puppet demon nodded, and immediately prepared to return to his residence, ready to restore his power.

"Wait a minute..."

"I entered here this time to participate in the Medicine Clan Festival, so please prepare me a map of the Medicine Valley Mountains and the distribution of some Big Mac races."

"Of course, if there is any problem with Transcending Tribulation, whether it is the intelligence map or your main body Muyuan, I will not mention it at all."

"Okay?" Seeing that the disgust in the wooden puppet spirit had weakened a little, Xiao Yan hurriedly said.

"Okay!" Although Xiao Yan's request is a bit rude, but after a balance, the wood puppet demon can only agree, because with its power, there is no absolute confidence to kill Xiao Yan, so it is not as good as Looking forward to seeing if Xiao Yan can really send it into the demon world.

"Crash!" The wooden puppet demon spirits retreated, and the place regained its original vitality, the birds chirping and the fragrance of flowers, and Xiao Yan didn't do anything extra, just sat quietly on the rock and waited for the return of the wooden puppet demon spirits.

"Hey, I had known that I had asked for some secret scrolls and the like with the Demon Emperor and Demon King, otherwise I wouldn't have to be so troublesome now." Xiao Yan sighed after adjusting his breath to the peak.

It's a pity that the wooden puppet demon is quite hostile to humans, otherwise if he knew that Xiao Yan actually knew the sky-high power like the demon emperor, he would probably post it upside down.

one day later.

"I have prepared the intelligence map you want."

"And my main body, the source of wood, is enough for you to successfully control the wood attribute. Of course, the premise is that you help me successfully ascend into the demon world. Otherwise, if you force an attack, I will spontaneously ignite the source and let you lose all your previous efforts this time." Ling just appeared, and immediately picked out the powerful relationship among them.

"Okay, stop talking nonsense."

"You find a place to sit down, and I will borrow a little bit of your strength to induce the ascension catastrophe, and later I will resist all the soaring thunder tribulations for you, but there is still the most important part of entering the demon world, the soaring thunder catastrophe will be scattered. Check your body and your soul with a little strength to determine whether you have the qualifications to step into the demon world."

"If you can't carry the last stage, you will be destroyed in body and spirit, and I will directly collect your original wood source." Xiao Yan said directly without hiding it.

"I know, please start."

"If you succeed, then you will be the owner of my wooden puppet demon for life!" The wooden puppet demon sat quietly on a branch, and the wooden man's attire still concealed its true body.

"Holy flames out!"

"Feng Jue Xian!"

"Give me condensate!" A long voice sounded, and suddenly the sky where the two were located slowly changed a little bit.

"Bang bang bang!" One after another silver thunderclouds descended from the sky, and they were directly lured out by Xiao Yan with the fire of holy flame. At the same time, Xiao Yan swung out his palm and took a trace of the origin of the wooden puppet and injected it into the thundercloud. , the whole sky was shaking violently.

After the breath, in the silver thunder cloud, a strange beam of light burst out directly, and its target was the wooden puppet demon.

The beam of light emerging from the silver thundercloud completely shrouded the wooden puppet demon, and a sliver of vibrant wood properties was released from its body uncontrollably. view!

"Boom!" In an instant, silver thunderclouds whistled in the sky, and one after another incomparably powerful thunderstorm came, but no matter how tyrannical this thunderstorm was, it was completely swallowed by Xiao Yan's soul clone, Xiao Lei, and instead it was half empty. In the middle of the sky, the silver thundercloud and the wooden puppet demon are linked to the sky beam, the wooden puppet demon slowly rises, the surrounding wooden man's disguise becomes slightly illusory, and the body of its origin is completely revealed.

"This creature deserves to be close to the existence of a wood elf If Yao Wan hadn't seized its origin, I am afraid it would have completely transformed into a wood elf now." It looked like a golden cicada taking off its shell, and the wooden man's green coat remained. On the top of the branch, and its source is like a group of dazzling mottled green energy, vaguely forming an elf about the size of a finger, Xiao Yan muttered.

Elves, this is the gift of nature. They are the lucky ones born after absorbing the original power of countless nature. If a fire-type powerhouse can get a fire elf, its fire-type fighting spirit is enough to rival the holy flame!

Of course, there are only five kinds of elves, such as gold, wood, water, fire, and earth, and the one like Xiao Yi has another appearance.

"Ascension Thunder Tribulation has all faded away, and the last step is to rely on you." After doing all this, Xiao Yan directly put Xiao Lei away, and immediately looked at Tongtian, which descended from silver thunderclouds, quite leisurely. The beam of light, it seems that as long as the source of the wooden puppet demon successfully resists the tempering and reaches the silver thundercloud, it can traverse the void and pour directly into the demon world!

Of course, the premise is that the wooden puppet demon can resist the terrifying coercion and baptism in it, otherwise this ascension will only be a waste!