Chapter Vol 4 1426: Qiankun Jade Wall!

"This is..." With the disappearance of the Gate of Forbidden Space, a shocking scene suddenly appeared in the sight of the two.

The two of them were in a cave at the bottom of the cliff, but in this dark cave, Xiao Yan and the two passed through the gate of forbidden space and saw a new world on the other side!

In front of the two of them, there is an endless void, and the void is filled with countless yellow rocks with uneven levels!

"It turns out that this is the gate of the forbidden space connecting to another different dimension of China Unicom..."

"But looking at the arrangement of this ancient formation and its tyrannical level, the senior sitting here is probably also a strong man." Yuan Yan looked at the shocking scene below, and said in surprise.

"Ancient Array Diagram..." There was a hint of fiery at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth. Obviously, Xiao Yan knew about this kind of thing.

The tyranny of Dou Formation Masters lies in the fact that there are many enemies with one, but the scarcity of Dou Formation Masters has made many humans unable to use the formation method, and the so-called formation diagrams are the handwriting of Dou Formation Masters. The inscriptions and special runes are outlined and stored in the array map for use by other humans, so the powerful battle array master is also the producer of the array map!

Dou Array Masters can easily create and derive various tyrannical formations with the help of the core inscriptions. However, the array diagrams are different. Array diagrams are the products of Dou Array Masters. As long as they have the array diagrams, it is an array that all creatures may use. !

"Go in and have a look..." Xiao Yan said with a frown.

"Yeah!" Yuan Yan nodded seriously, because she knew that where every Dou Formation Master was located, there was something he had learned all his life. Obviously, as a Dou Formation Master, there was nothing more attractive than this.

Although Yuan Yan is young, her talent and understanding are extremely terrifying. If she obtains the lifelong experience of this battle formation master, she will probably achieve limitless achievements in the future.

"Crash!" As soon as the voice fell, the two figures immediately passed through the gate of forbidden space, and then came to the different space.

Just pouring into the space, a sense of heaviness suddenly came. Through those strange rocks, the two of them could not help but feel a sense of worship. cover up.

"Clang!" The two had just passed through the gate of forbidden space, and the entrance that they entered immediately disappeared instantly.

"Don't worry, I have a way to go back." Xiao Yan also smiled out of thin air. After all, he controlled the space shuttle handprint and was able to travel through space in a short distance. If he wanted to go back, it was only a matter of thought.

"What a tyrannical formation." In an instant, the two were moving quickly, and they came to the middle part with ease. Yuan Yan ignored Xiao Yan at all, but stared at the bottom with her big watery eyes. An extremely huge formation!

The two of Xiao Yan were at the top of the center of the space, and below, there was a sunken basin as a whole. There were countless yellow rocks emerging around the basin. Above the rocks, countless white bones were arranged in different layers. The residual aura on them was much stronger than Xiao Yan and the two of them, and the number of terrifying ones was probably as many as thousands, which was simply appalling.

Just by looking at it at a glance, Xiao Yan could not help but feel an extremely tyrannical oppression on these rocks, and even a huge chain connected countless rocks together, and in the center surrounded by countless rock chains. The place is a flat land about tens of meters.

On the flat ground, there is a pair of stone tables, the stone tables are exquisitely made, and some lifelike birds and beasts are engraved on them, so that on the edge of the stone table, a stone man who seems to be carved from yellow rock, standing quietly, in his hand. He was holding a light yellow scroll and reading it carefully. Finally, under the stone table, there were two wooden treasure chests that attracted the most attention.

It's just that the white bones can be seen everywhere on the rocks, but they didn't set foot on the flat ground.

"It seems that this treasure is not so easy to take away." Xiao Yan also said vigilantly through the hundreds of white bones.

"These rocks and chains are probably the means of attack in the formation, so be careful." Yuan Yan also had a slight glint in her beautiful eyes, and said, with her tyrannical mental strength, she naturally sniffed from the rock formation. There was an extremely terrifying atmosphere.

"I'll go take a look first, you stay here and don't move." After thinking for a while, Xiao Yan opened his mouth softly, it was obvious that the lower part was too dangerous, and with Xiao Yan's character, Yuan Yan would definitely not let Yuan Yan put himself in danger.

"Yes." Yuan Yan agreed absentmindedly, but her beautiful eyes were staring at the stone man in the center of the basin through the endless void.

"This stone man... seems a little familiar..."

"Have you seen it somewhere..." Yuan Yan muttered to himself.

"Go... Kun?" After thinking for a while, a strange word suddenly popped out of his head.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan was covered in flames, and then he jumped onto the rock cautiously in an instant.

"Strange...Illusion?" Just when he came to the top of the rock, Xiao Yan suddenly touched these strange rocks with his palm, but felt an icy chill emerge, and even inside the rocks, there was a strange aura of resistance. slowly diffuse out.

"This rock... seems to have vitality?" After a while, Xiao Yan frowned, obviously realizing something.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, those rocks actually moved rapidly under the drive of the chains, like a mountain topped by the sea, with a heavy feeling of rocks, which directly wrapped Xiao Yan in a tight fit.

"Not good!" Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power spread out in an instant Just noticed that this strange rock had changed, but when he wanted to act, he was stopped.

"Boom!" Countless rocks surged around irregularly, and the aura contained on each rock was enough to easily obliterate Xiao Yan.

"Sea of ​​Fire!" With a low roar, a dazzling flame suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's body, but before Xiao Yan could act, the dazzling flame was instantly extinguished by the heaviness on the rock.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!" With a loud shout, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire Heng took off directly behind him, and chopped away at the rock, still indifferent.

"Strange... these rocks don't attack me... but the defense is abnormal damage..."

"Why is this?" Although Xiao Yan was surrounded by countless rocks, there was only a space of a few meters left to move, but after a while, he saw Yuan Yan who was in a high position through the gap in the narrow space. Fragrant sweat dripping, the petite jade hand is urging the whole body to attack the stone man in the center of the flat ground!

Following Yuan Yan's attack and looking towards the center of the flat ground, he saw a layer of white jade light emerging from the stone man who was motionless.

"That is……"

"Qiankun Jade Wall?" The next moment, Xiao Yan also relied on his tyrannical soul power to see a dazzling white jade in the arms of the stone man, and lost his voice!

https://

Genius website address: . Mobile version reading website: