Chapter Vol 4 944: Solve the problem!

"Let's revive your ancestor first." The Golden Dragon King was extremely comforted in his heart. It seems that the disciple that the old guy liked by Emperor Tuoshe Gu was really out of blue.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded secretly when he heard the words. The most urgent task now is to resurrect Xiao Xuan's ancestors first.

"I have seen the situation of your resurrection of this ancestor in Najie. Tell me about his situation." Although the Golden Dragon King already has a solution in his heart, he still needs to cure the disease, he said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Uncle, my ancestor is named Xiao Xuan, and he is the patriarch of the Xiao clan whose bloodline was interrupted by the Dou Emperor of the Xiao clan on our Dou Qi Continent."

"The ancestors were gifted with extraordinary talents. On our Dou Qi Continent, which lacked Origin Qi, the powerhouses who successfully cultivated to the pinnacle of the Nine-Star Dousheng with their own efforts were only one step away from the Dou Emperor powerhouses. "

"However, due to the fall of Emperor Dou's bloodline, the strength of the clansmen has weakened, resulting in the fact that the Xiao clan's status has declined day by day. Therefore, with the encouragement of the clansmen, the ancestors decided to gather the power of the bloodline of the clansmen to attack Emperor Dou."

"At that time, nearly three-quarters of the strong Xiao clan gathered, but when we broke through, we were attacked by the soul clan, which caused our Xiao clan to drop directly into a small force in the ancient eight clans of Dou Qi Continent."

"But at that time, even if it gathered the power of almost most of the bloodline of the clansmen and lacked Origin Qi, it was a failure after all, and then the ancestors advanced to the pseudo-doudi level in a short period of time, repelling the soul clan, thus saving some bloodlines, and The ancestors also fell after that war, and a trace of soul power remains in the tomb of heaven."

"Then the ancestors gave me a lot of help, and even the soul power after the final spontaneous combustion helped me break through the soul of the emperor. As for the imprint of life in front of me, it was after the ancestors spontaneously ignited the soul, and I broke through the soul of the emperor. "Xiao Yan recalled, but every time I talk about this, my heart is very uncomfortable.

"I see."

"This imprint of life is the product of the spontaneous combustion of soul power, no wonder I said it would be familiar." After the Golden Dragon King heard it, even if Xiao Yan said it lightly, he still admired Xiao Xuan slightly.

Don't say anything else, in the Dou Qi Continent, I heard Tuo She said before that lack of Origin Qi, it is impossible to have Dou Di strong, and this Xiao Xuan actually cultivated to the peak of the Nine Star Dou Saint with his own perseverance, which is enough to see his strength. Gifted.

"Master, since you have seen the situation just now, how should you solve it?" Xiao Yan said with some worry.

"The imprint of life, this is the power of life left by a little chance after the strong man spontaneously ignited the power of his soul."

"This thing, to put it bluntly, is the weakest chance of resurrection."

"If your ancestor still has soul power, it is very easy to handle with the medicine pill in your hand..." The Golden Dragon King said with a little thought.

"Isn't it okay..." Xiao Yan couldn't help clenching his fists when he heard the words.

"However, in such a situation, it's not impossible." Seeing Xiao Yan's sudden emotion, the Golden Dragon King smiled slowly and comforted.

"What can I do!" Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard the words, and immediately asked out loud.

"The strength of your body is too great. If this imprint of life is rashly incorporated, the probability of failure is extremely high, and the imprint of your ancestor's life is also extremely weak and must be strengthened."

"The mother of the fairy bodhi tree, is it in your hands?" As soon as the King of the Golden Dragon finished speaking, he looked at Xiao Yan's surprised expression and said.

"Well, that thing is necessary to restore your uncle's peak power." Xiao Yan agreed softly, unable to figure out why the Golden Dragon King would mention this at this juncture.

"Take it out." The Golden Dragon King said after confirming it.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he did not hesitate, and directly took out the mother of the fairy bodhi tree.

As soon as the mother of the fairy bodhi tree was taken out, the surrounding space suddenly solidified, which was very strange.

"It really is the mother of the fairy bodhi tree." The Golden Dragon King stared at the plant covered in a circle of green leaves, and said with joy.

"Uncle Shi, this..." Xiao Yan wondered.

This mother of the fairy bodhi tree is to restore the peak power of the Golden Dragon King, and it is only useful to the soul body. Her ancestors have long been the imprint of life, and this thing seems to be useless to her.

"Don't worry, I have my own discretion." The Golden Dragon King seemed to see Xiao Yan's doubts and reminded him aloud.

"Then, the next thing about the imprint of life will be handed over to the uncle." Xiao Yan also said in response.

"Yep."

"I will strengthen this imprint of life and awaken the spirituality in it. As for other successes, I'm afraid you still need to rely on yourself. After all, I don't have the ability to refine the body for others," said the Golden Dragon King.

"Okay." Xiao Yan simply agreed, and with the help of his uncle, Xiao Yan felt relieved.

"Kacha!" After a while, the Golden Dragon King looked at the mother of the fairy bodhi tree, and then in the phantom, his left hand turned into a huge golden dragon claw, and then under Xiao Yan's stunned expression, he directly confronted him. Go with the mother claw of the fairy bodhi tree.

"Bang bang bang!" A slight noise emerged, and then there was such a small piece of green leaves that surrounded the mother of the fairy bodhi tree, which was directly taken down by the Golden Dragon King!

"What sharp claws." Xiao Yan's eyesight is quite extraordinary, and he naturally sensed the terrifying power contained in the golden dragon claws of the Golden Dragon King!

Xiao Yan knew exactly how strong the mother of the Bodhi Tree of Immortals was. Now Xiao Yan, even if he used all his strength and the strength of the holy flame, he couldn't shake it, and the Golden Dragon King was so easily like a leaf. It can be seen that the power of this Golden Dragon King is extremely terrifying!

And that kind of strength, according to Xiao Yan's estimation, I am afraid that he can kill him in an instant!

"It's really good stuff."

"Just a leaf on the periphery makes my soul strength faintly increase." The Golden Dragon King looked at the green leaf in his hand, and then stopped talking!

The next moment a golden liquid suddenly flowed out from the center of the Golden Dragon King's eyebrows, and just as the golden liquid flowed out, it immediately wrapped the green leaves and whizzed away towards Xiao Xuan's imprint of life!

"Hula-la!" And with the mysterious golden liquid of the Golden Dragon King and a leaf of the mother of the fairy bodhi tree, the imprint of life that had always been quiet, actually increased rapidly!

That feeling is like an empty container being quickly filled, and the spirituality of the life imprint is slowly awakened, and even the power is rapidly increasing.

"Next, I'll leave it to you." The Golden Dragon King did all this very casually, and then stepped aside.

The seal of Xiao Xuan's life, the Golden Dragon King has used his own means to maximize his release of spirituality. Success or failure can only be determined by Xiao Yan.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan was naturally overjoyed when he heard this!

Through the handwriting of his uncle, the Golden Dragon King, the imprint of life actually faintly showed a trace of spirituality!

"Shape the soul-returning pill, give it to me!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then the pill that had been entrenched outside the mark of life suddenly strung into it.

"People of the Xiao clan..." When the medicinal pill entered Xiao Xuan's life imprint, the imprint of life suddenly emitted a very faint sound!

This voice is the voice of his ancestor Xiao Xuan!

Regarding Xiao Xuan, I have read the original book carefully recently, and there is an extra story about Xiao Xuan and the Emperor Soul, so I will tell you a little bit here.