Chapter Vol 4 1786: Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast!

"I didn't expect such good luck..." Jasmine's beautiful eyes swept lightly, her chest heaving violently, and she smiled sweetly as she looked at the pair of scarlet eyes below.

Their Jasmine mercenary group had an extremely unfortunate encounter with the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast during a certain mission to the sea. Fortunately, Jasmine tried her best to defeat the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast. Otherwise, that time, their mercenary group would have It will be completely destroyed, and from that time on, the two have forged a dead end.

"Hmph..." Hearing Jasmine's words, an extremely angry and violent voice came from below, and for a while, the entire sea became turbulent, as if a sea **** was furious, and the entire sea was filled with an unprecedented roar and anger.

"The devil whale sea dragon beast, I haven't seen it for a long time." As the terrifying roar filled the air, Jasmine Zaidu confirmed the thoughts in her heart and said softly.

"Little human, you escaped by luck last time, this time I will definitely cut you into eight pieces, with the majesty of the real king, the overlord of the Devil Sea!"

"Gululu!" After the blink of an eye, a roar filled the air, containing a monstrous atmosphere, as pitiful as a demon who hates hatred.

"Yan Xiao, take action and lead it out of the sea, otherwise we won't have any chance of winning if we fight it in the sea." The space above Jasmine's body appeared directly in the sky, and she casually used the soul sound transmission to say to Yan Xiao.

"Well, but this guy is a bit strong." Xiao Yan agreed, and a frenzy emerged from the Dragon God in his body.

If you want to cultivate the fourth transformation of the Dragon God, you need the bones of the dragon's limbs. The devil whale sea dragon beast in front of you is obviously the best choice at the moment.

"Shabu Shabu!" The two of them had a plan, and without any hesitation, their bodies trembled and they quickly escaped from here.

Since the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast is the overlord of the Devil's Sea, fighting it in the sea is undoubtedly self-defeating.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan and the two went straight out of the water, but the big guy used the concealment of the sea to fight back underwater.

"What's the matter?" Watching Xiao Yan and the two leave the water, Gu Lao stood on the deck and asked anxiously. Above this sea area, lightning and thunder, and the oppression of death that was revealed invisibly, Certainly not for long.

"Bang bang bang!" Jasmine hadn't had time to reply to Elder Gu, a huge whip made up of water waves viciously slapped the boat support, and the ferry, which was indestructible for a while, was actually slapped with many scratches. If it goes on for a long time, I am afraid they will be completely sunk by it, and the hidden danger in this Devil Sea, if there is no ferry, I am afraid they will be unable to move an inch.

"Elder Gu, the one attacking us below is the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast, give me a moment." Jasmine also knew the seriousness of the matter. Although the Jasmine Mercenary Group had a good combat capability, it was above the sea after all. Fighting, no one is the opponent of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast.

"Okay." Gu Lao heard the words, nodded lightly, and suddenly a gentle battle qi energy emerged above his body.

"Water attribute... and this guy, looking at this battle, I'm afraid he wants to tear apart the seal fighting skills. He's really willing." Xiao Yan looked at Jasmine's body. The huge energy of , is slowly permeating, and immediately understood.

"Boom!" The waves blasted towards the ship like giant pillars, and the fierce murderous aura made people shudder.

"Leave the ferry to me, that big guy, I will trouble your Excellency." Xiao Yan said softly.

"Soul Sacred Shield!" Just after he finished speaking, Xiao Yan's dark eyes suddenly closed, and the spiritual palace in his body flickered like a sky full of stars. Suddenly, a colorless and transparent soul force wrapped the ferry inside and out, and a The Optimus Pillar of time actually stood still.

"Boom!" For a while, with Jasmine's seal fighting skills, a special pool of water appeared all over Gu Lao's body, and the entire ferry was violently attacked by the devil whale sea dragon beast hidden under the sea, and Xiao Yan let Xiao Yan The protection of the dazzling soul power turned out to be faint.

"He's a good girl, these guys are actually plotting against me?" After a while, Xiao Yan found that these two guys still didn't do anything, and immediately cursed inwardly, he already knew that these two guys were obviously taking yourself as bait.

"Since you are not benevolent, don't blame me for being unrighteous." The next moment, a rare smile flashed in Xiao Yan's pupils, his soul power suddenly diminished, and a mouthful of blood spurted out.

"Susu... drown in the Devil's Sea!" After Xiao Yan was injured, a huge tail surrounded by a water curtain was as tyrannical and irresistible as a dragon's tail, with an indescribable oppressive force, and shot directly at the ferry. come.

Such a tyrannical attack, I am afraid that the ferry will be destroyed directly!

"Just waiting for you!"

"Rockwater Prison Wall!" Just when the tail was about to reach the ferry deck, the ferry would be completely destroyed under its attack in a blink of an eye, Old Gu's pupils shrank tightly and laughed frantically.

"Crash!" Gu Lao's voice just fell, and suddenly in his body, the endless ocean water spread rapidly like a vortex, and a chain of cyan water blasted away at the location of his body.

"Kacha Kacha!" After the blink of an eye, hundreds of water chains were surrounded by a certain sea surface in the entire sea area, and a behemoth also appeared.

"Is this the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast..." Xiao Yan was intentionally injured and looked like he was seriously injured, but it was not the case. He stared at the behemoth in front of him and lost his voice.

The devil whale sea dragon beast has a tall body of hundreds of meters. On the body, a trace of extremely smooth scales protects its entire body, but its whole body is like a whale, with an oval upper body and dark blue pupils. , the back half of the body is quite small, only a tail similar to a dragon's tail swaying, in addition, it is derived from the oppression and despairing bright power on the huge body.

"A group of humble human beings were plotted against by a few of you last time, this time this king will definitely cut you into tens of thousands of pieces!"

"Magic Tide!" Even though its back was bound by hundreds of water chains and could not move, it did not affect it in the slightest to exert its power like the master of the sea.

"Weng buzzing!" A harsh sound similar to a bell pierced the hearts of the three of them. For this reason, the pupils of the other two turned red. Obviously, under the torment of this sound, it was extremely painful, and even the attack in their hands changed. Gotta slow down.

"Yan Xiao, soul defense!" At this time, Old Gu took the lead and roared.

"No way." Xiao Yan was also in great pain, shaking his head.

What a joke, just now these two wanted to use themselves as a bait for the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast to attack. They wanted to use great tactics. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's hard work, he would have completely fallen under his attack at this time.

"Hahaha!"

"Jasmine, this time, I'll see how you can turn the tide." After the tide of the demonic sound spread, Gu Lao sat on the deck in a very decadent manner. It was obvious that the demonic sound had completely disrupted the fighting spirit in his body just now. This guy is also unable to condense any offensive in degrees.

"Choke!" After saying all this, the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast twisted its huge and fertile body and moved towards the ferry little by little. At the same time, the dark clouds above the sky became denser and denser. A terrifying sound of thunder continued to explode.