Chapter Vol 4 1872: It turns out that he is the most ruthless one! ...

"Third elders, they have come in, but the temperature of this Shuijian cliff seems to have dropped a lot, this...doesn't it matter?" At this time, already lurking behind the rock, the elites of Demon Xuanzong couldn't help but say.

"Keep your respective positions. Once they enter the attack range, attack them at all natural costs. I will deal with Die Qi and He Lei in person."

"Okay!"

After a few people finished speaking, they were also closely waiting for Xiao Yan's self-injection.

"Sisi... how long have I been sleeping?"

"There are still some supernatural juniors?" At the same time, a strange voice emerged from the depths of the central waters of the 100-meter water stream.

Shuijian Cliff, this is a special area composed of rocks and a very spectacular waterfall, surrounded by ravines, the road is extremely rugged, there is only one trail, and the center is the place of the magnificent and vast waterfall.

"You don't seem to be a resident of our Ten Thousand Demons Kingdom." At this time, Xiao Yan and Die Qi were at the back of the team, Die Qi looked at Xiao Yan carefully, and said lightly.

"Perhaps." Xiao Yan shook his head gently, this kind of thing is not easy to say.

"By the way, what is the fate of the demon..." After a while, Xiao Yan still asked without giving up.

"Yaoyuandongtian is in a special void. If you want to find it, I'm afraid you have to go to the Ten Thousand Demons Kingdom first, so as to enter the ancient battlefield." Die Qi said cautiously.

"Ancient battlefield?" Xiao Yan hesitated.

"Now our demon world is in chaos. The three powerful men under the demon emperor, the black evil dragon wolf, the white bone evil king, and the Tianxiong tyrant, have divided the demon world into three. Besides, there are also seven demon kings. Integrate their forces and try to compete with the three leaders, and the ancient battlefield is their battlefield."

"I'm afraid it won't be long before the battle between them will break out completely, and there will be new changes in the ownership of the demon world..."

"And now it's not just our country of ten thousand demons, other demon countries are also calling on their strong men to enter the ancient battlefield to help the forces they are loyal to to fight. No matter how much military exploits are obtained, after the war is over, they will get good rewards. Reward." Die Qi tried to analyze.

"After this place is over, it's really a good place." Xiao Yan said with a smile, and now the purpose is quite clear.

Since this butterfly prayed to save himself, then calm down here first, go to Wan Yao Nation before going to the country, supplement and strengthen in Wan Yao Nation, take the initiative to resign to enter the ancient battlefield, and compete with these monster world powerhouses, at the same time. It is also to eliminate the sequelae of Xiao Yan's recent surge in strength.

The ancient battlefield is the final battlefield of the major powerhouses. I am afraid that it will be possible to find the black dragon wolf. At that time, the seal of the demon emperor will be broken. With the existence of this power, it will also have a huge impact on finding immortality and immortality. Help, everything is pretty clear now.

"Boom!" With a sound, on the other side of the water cliff, round and round rolling stones descended from the sky with a fierce murderous aura.

"What's the matter?" The strength of the horse in front was not bad, but under the sudden attack, they turned their backs and couldn't help but sit down.

"Miss Dieqi, it's really fate." After the burst of violent energy ripples spread, a white-haired old man slowly walked out from behind the rock, with a thick murderous look on his hazy face.

"The third elder of Yaoxuanzong, Xuanyi..." Di Qi saw this, a heavy look flashed in his beautiful eyes, and then his eyes turned slightly, and a tyrannical force spread out, and this force made Xiao Yan's mind. One move.

"It turned out to be spiritual power?"

"Is this girl a supernatural being who cultivates spiritual power?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but look at the delicate figure beside him in surprise.

"Go ahead and catch them!"

"Catch it alive!" Xuanyi snorted coldly, a green aura spread out from his body, and he grasped the eagle's claws and shot towards Die Qi.

"Spirit formation!"

"Thousand Butterfly Bunch!" Seeing Xuanyi's stern attack, Die Qi's eyebrows slightly frowned, and she snorted, a green energy ripple above her eyes suddenly spread, and they instantly turned into countless dancing butterflies, facing each other. Xuanyi left.

"What a terrifying method." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan couldn't help but envied that this Die Qi's spiritual power might be stronger than his own!

"Give this old man a hand and take it!" Xuanyi didn't take it seriously, flipped his palm, and one of them crossed the countless butterflies and attacked them!

"Is the power gap too big?"

"This old guy is actually a powerhouse in the late stage of Six-Star Dou Xian." Seeing this, Xiao Yan shook his head weakly, but Xiao Yan was also quite curious about the battle between demon spirits.

The battle of demon spirits is the same as that of human beings. First, they use fighting skills to compete. Only when their life and death are in crisis will they incarnate into their bodies and show their heart-pounding power. This is the unique ability of demon spirits.

"Butterfly!" Seeing that Xuanyi's attack could no longer be stopped, Die Qi called out softly, and then her whole body shook slowly, instantly turning into an inch butterfly.

On the fluff of the butterfly, it is colorful and seems to carry countless mysterious powers.

"Even if you turn into a demon spirit body, it can't protect you!"

"Fall for this old man!" Xuanyi roared, and there were actually some ferocious phantoms of poisonous snakes spreading out from the palm of his hand. This guy's body is probably related to snakes.

"Da da da!" The colorful butterflies transformed by Die Qi slowly fanned their wings, and a trace of colorful energy spread out uncontrollably. With the blessing of countless butterflies, this space was filled with a sense of silence. .

"Wan Snake Cave!" Without any hesitation, Xuanyi stabbed Die Qi with the palm of his hand. The fluctuation of that level actually carried a touch of arrogance and ridicule.

"Not good!" Seeing the phantom of a hundred-zhang-sized poisonous snake appearing around Xuanyi's body, the colorful butterfly couldn't help trembling.

It's over, the difference in strength between the two, and one is the kind-hearted butterfly spirit, and the other is the blood-devouring poisonous snake and thunder spirit. Whether it is the mutual restraint of the biological chain or the suppression of strength, the outcome of the two is naturally not. any suspense.

"Hey…"

"At such an old age, actually bullies a woman who looks like a flower like jade. It's really a disgusting stinky snake."

"Do you think so?" Just when the phantom of the poisonous snake in Xuanyi was about to hit Die Qi, a scornful laughter echoed over the entire water stream, and even a hand stopped Xuanyi directly. Clothes, the incomparably fierce attack dissipated in an instant.

"Gulu..." At this moment, Xuanyi just looked up at the thin man in front of him. With his strength, he couldn't see through this guy's strength, let alone what kind of creature this guy's body was. When he attacked, a faint ripple of nine-color energy appeared in Xiao Yan's heart for a moment, extremely weak.

In an instant, Xuanyi's pupils shrank tightly, and his mind was in a trance. It seemed that when the nine-color energy appeared, the blood in his body could not help but surrender!

The palm of his hand quickly retreated like an electric shock. There seemed to be something in Xiao Yan's body that made him fear!

That feeling seems to be a more powerful supernatural being above oneself!

That is a trace of power from the nine-colored swallowing python on Cailin's body. Even if it is not the source, the top bloodline among the snake creatures is enough to shock this guy!