Chapter 412: Restless night!

"damn it!"

"What exactly is going on!"

"Ye Gui is clearly at the level of the Seven Star Dou Di, how could he be killed by someone?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"That woman is only at the level of a five-star fighting emperor, how could it be possible..." Xuan Mu also said slowly.

Then he exclaimed in disbelief. The next moment, Xuanmu was also quite heartbroken. This night ghost has done a lot of shameful things for him over the years. Now being killed by someone is tantamount to losing him. a rib.

After calming down his mood a little, Xuan Mu also got up, walked slowly to the window, opened the window, and broke through to discover that there were several figures in the sky at this time.

"Hey, who am I? It turns out that you are an old man, Zhu Jin." Just now, Lao Zhu killed the man in black, and a rather burly man appeared in the sky.

The man's muscles are very developed, and his well-defined muscle structure looks like a man of infinite strength.

The person who came is impressively the powerhouse of the Ancient Desolate Palace!

The fifth elder of the Ancient Desolate Hall today, Arakawa!

A character comparable to the perfection level of the Seven Star Dou Di!

This ancient desolate temple is also very good, because the ancient desolate temple mainly focuses on physical strength, relying on the power of high-intensity physical strength to control the enemy, and is famous for its tyrannical degree, which is different from other sects that practice fighting qigong. , but Rao is so, I am afraid that no one dares to look down on them.

"Arakawa, I didn't expect you to come too." Elder Zhu also slowly turned his head, glanced at the person who came, and said.

"I didn't expect you to vaguely touch the threshold of Dou Xian, it really embarrassed us..." Arakawa also said with a bit of envy.

After all, it is more difficult for them to cultivate the body line than ordinary fighting qi, so it is even more difficult for them to rely on physical strength to advance to the advanced stage.

"By the way, you were just now..." Arakawa also said.

"It's nothing, I just killed a wild dog." Elder Zhu also said slowly to a certain direction.

"Hehe, isn't this the famous Zhu Jin... I don't know what happened just now?" The person who came was the King Xuanling of the current Xuanling royal family.

When such a serious matter was discovered, King Xuanling had to come forward, otherwise it would cause unnecessary panic.

"This person tried to kill my disciple of Burning Incense Pavilion, but I accidentally killed him." Elder Zhu also said in a slightly funny way, obviously he didn't care about King Xuanling either.

"Hehe, that's really what it deserves..." King Xuanling also responded, and then there was a bit of displeasure on his lips, but it was fleeting.

Because of the Xuanling King at this time, I vaguely felt a rather obscure aura from Zhu Jin in front of me!

King Xuanling also turned his head to look at the figure lying in the giant pit, and frowned.

"Isn't this Xuanmu's bodyguard..."

"How could it be..." It's just that King Xuanling also suppressed the fluctuations in his heart, and then said, "Since it's all right, then please come back, the auction will start tomorrow."

"Let's go, let's go, let's go." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he also disappeared into the sky and returned to the inn where he lived.

"Teacher, are you alright?" Xiao Yan also asked.

"It's alright, you go down and rest." Elder Zhu also said.

"Yes." Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying also responded.

"There seems to be something on Mu Yingying's body... I can't see through it, it's strange..." Elder Zhu looked at the back of Mu Yingying leaving, and said slowly.

The Xuanling King in the sky also picked up the embarrassed blurry figure, disappeared into the sky, and returned to the palace.

"Come on!"

"Call Xuanmu for me!" King Xuanling also said angrily.

"Damn Zhu Jin, he broke through to the level of a half-immortal unexpectedly... The power of life and death contained in the attack just now is too strong. I am afraid that ordinary half-immortal powerhouses are not so strong."

"I'm afraid the people who Solomon went to encircle and suppress are also more fortunate and less fortunate..."

"But that's fine, let the more people from Solomon die, the better... Hahaha!"

"Half-immortal powerhouse, let alone a peak Dou Emperor and two eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouses to encircle and suppress, even if the number is doubled, it won't help!" King Xuanling laughed at the next moment!

Although their Xuanling Emperor and Solomon have always had close cooperation, it does not mean that they and Solomon are grasshoppers on the same boat.

When the disaster is imminent, they will fly separately. The more Solomon's strength is reduced, the easier it will be for him to rule the entire Xuan Santian in the future.

"Royal Father, are you looking for me?" A gentle voice also appeared slowly.

"Xuanmu, tell me, what's going on today." King Xuanling also said, but the unpleasantness in his voice was also very obvious.

"today…"

"Today in the medicine market, I met a female disciple in the Burning Incense Pavilion. I sensed some familiar aura from her, so I made an assertion and planned to arrest her for research..."

"Where did you expect what would happen today?" Xuanmu's expression also changed, looking at the night ghost in front of him, his heart was also greatly shocked!

This night ghost is a figure of the Seven Star Dou Emperor's perfection level. If such a strong person is killed in an instant, then the strength of the killer is probably extremely fearful.

"Don't think about it, it was dried by bamboo embers..."

"It seems that we assassinated his disciple in the Xuanling Emperor Pond, and now this is a disgrace for us..."

"Actually reached a half-immortal." King Xuanling also said slowly.

"How can it be?"

"Half-immortal?" Xuanmu also asked in surprise.

"You can't be wrong, is the power that blends life and death..." King Xuanling also said.

"It seems that this Burning Incense Pavilion can't be kept... Father, the decapitation plan should be advanced!" Xuanmu also said.

"When I return from the desert of death this time, I can almost start the execution." King Xuanling also said.

"Bless the father and imperial banner to be victorious!" Xuanmu also said respectfully!

"Okay, let's go. It's an eventful season recently, so you should keep a low profile."

"When I come back from the lonely desert of death, it's time to change the position of this king." King Xuanling also said.

"Yes, Royal Father!" Xuanmu also said, but he was extremely happy.

"Hehe, Xuanmu, you have a good face, I hope you don't do anything wrong, otherwise..." King Xuanling also said to himself.

"It seems that we still need to let the members of the Xuanling Royal Family keep a low profile. After all, although the strength has skyrocketed a lot, it is all related to the people of the Soul Clan..."

"Solomon, you guys are just a stepping stone. When I break through Dou Xian, then there is no cooperation. If you don't obey, you will die..."

"But it seems that I have to send people to contact the Soul Clan. When the time comes, I will break through the Dou Xian and rule the entire Xuantian Santian!"

"Hahaha!" King Xuanling also laughed, but at this moment, a faint flame spread out from King Xuanling's body instantly.

The flames were rosy throughout, but the power of Xiao Yan's fusion of twenty-three kinds of different fires was only strong but not weak!

Ask for tickets!