Chapter Vol 4 1163: Finally belongs!

"City Lord, Butler Li, are you over there?" Bai He said with a slow smile upon seeing this.

"Well, it's over. The things that the three Lei Qingyu families have come up with are quite good. It seems that they are bound to win this auction." Li Qin smiled. Obviously, the three Lei Qingyu families are naturally responsible for her. responsive.

It's just that in this private room, in addition to Bai He, the city lord Feng Feng and Li Qin, there are also several older people who are obviously very rare in the city lord's mansion. The final vesting of the auction.

"I don't know what treasures the three families took out?" One of the old man with white hair asked.

"What the Lei family brought out is the treasure of their clan, the technique of thunder body." Li Qin said calmly.

"The lightning technique of the intermediate level of the Holy Order?" Bai He couldn't help but be surprised when he heard the words.

He knew the tyranny of this Lightning Body Technique. This Lightning Body Technique was a volume of middle-level holy-level exercises, but it was still a volume of genuine body-forging techniques.

In the process of training, in addition to the Dou Qi pulse, there are also the art of body forging and many branches. The art of body forging is, to put it bluntly, strengthening the body, but the art of body-building is quite rare. Obviously, the art of body-building can achieve The limit is limited, so almost no one chooses to forge the body, but chooses to cultivate Dou Qi, but only Bai He knows that although he and Lei Family Patriarch Lei Li both belong to the late two-star Dou Xian strength, but in the real life and death battle, he is still invincible he.

The reason for this is that it is due to the merits of the lightning body technique. From this, it can be seen that in some cases, this technique and body forging technique are better than fighting qi.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The technique of thunder body, not bad."

"What else?" The other old men nodded and smiled in satisfaction.

"The thing that the Qing family brought out is quite special. It is a kind of crazy magic pill that is enough to raise the powerhouse below the three-star Dou Xian by a whole rank in a short period of time." Li Qin continued.

"Crazy magic pill?"

"I didn't expect this kind of medicine to actually exist..."

"This kind of medicinal pill was attributed to the forbidden pill in the past, because its effect is too great, and after the strength is improved, it will not leave too many sequelae."

"If the city lord gets it, I'm afraid there will be an extra life-saving talisman in his hand." The white-haired old man Zaidu said.

"And that Yu family, the things they brought out were a little special." The next moment, Li Qin hesitated.

"How is it special?" Su Feng asked Li Qin so hesitantly.

"The thing that the Yu family brought out is called a scroll of Fengling Sixiang Jue, and it is a scroll of fighting skills at the intermediate level of the Holy Order."

"Although the rank is only the middle rank of the holy rank, it can be given to four people to practice together, and after training, the four of them will work together, even if they are hungry and strong at the same rank, they can only retreat. Its power is temporarily mobilized into his body, and its power is probably rare." Li Qin said.

"Joint fighting skills?" Bai He couldn't help but say, obviously this is the first time I've heard of this kind of thing.

"Although this thing is good, it is not very useful for our City Lord's Mansion, so my opinion is to choose between the first two." The white-haired old man said.

"Hey, old man Bai, don't worry, I have some interesting things here." Bai He smiled.

"What?" After Bai He said this, everyone's eyes were cast towards Bai He, because they all knew that Bai He was in charge of a young emperor-rank third-grade pharmacist.

"He first took out an immortal-rank fourth-grade heaven-rank peak prototype elixir." Bai He said.

"The prototype pill of the fourth-grade heaven-level peak of the immortal rank?" Bai He just finished speaking, and suddenly several old men couldn't help exclaiming. There is no doubt that the most scarce in the ghost world is the pill, which is why the alchemist The reason why he has such a high status in the ghost world, otherwise, the reason why the two-star Dou Xian powerhouses like Death Wind would respect some alchemists who are still at the level of Dou Emperor.

"But I rejected it." Bai He Zaidu said.

"It's okay to refuse."

"Although the prototype elixir of Immortal Rank Fourth-Rank Heaven Rank Peak is very valuable, but there are too few pharmacists in our Yinhun Tiandong Continent, and I am afraid that even if we get it, we will not be able to successfully refine it into elixir." Dead Wind shook his head and said.

"But the next moment, he brought out something that opened my eyes again." The next moment, Bai He frowned. Obviously, every time he thought of the blue flame in Xiao Yan's hand, the aura in his body jumped unstoppably.

"What?" All the strong people present asked in unison.

"Zihuo of Ghost Face Soul Yan." Bai He said lightly, but as soon as he finished speaking, the entire private room caused a burst of sigh!

"what……"

"Zihuo of Ghost Face and Soul Flame?" And as Baihe's voice just fell, an unbelievable voice suddenly sounded slowly.

"Is the fire of the ghost face and soul... Could it be that the sense is wrong?"

"Ghost Face Soul Flame is no longer in our ghost world, how could he get it occasionally?" Dead Wind shook his head and said.

"It shouldn't be wrong, I have felt it carefully." Bai He heard the words and said, but Bai He was a little strange, because even after hearing the ghost face and soul inflammation, the dead wind's face was still calm, not too surprised, and his face There is clearly something tangled up above.

"City lord, could it be that the guy in the private room took out something rarer than Xiao Yan's ghost face and soul flame?" The next moment, a bold guess sounded in the private room.

"really."

"It can be preliminarily determined that the mysterious person in private room No. 1 is not from our Yinhuntian Sizhou. I think he should come from other places." Dead Wind said.

"Would you like to keep him?" Bai He said coldly, his voice full of killing intent.

In the ghost realm, there are many factions of breath, but there is no doubt that Yinhuntian is definitely a peaceful place in Lihun realm, while other places are too turbulent.

"Being not."

"After all, this is an auction, and the visitors are the guests." Dead Wind shook his head and said City Lord, what chips did he come up with? " Bai Lao said.

"An Immortal Fighting Pill." After a while, Dead Wind finished speaking, but his brows slowly smiled, and a rare smile slowly lingered in the corners of his eyes.

"How could it be... a Fighting Immortal Pill?" As the voice of Death Wind fell, the entire private room became quiet, because they knew that even Saint Yanzihuo was not as attractive as the Dou Immortal Pill.

Zihuo is not a holy flame, and it cannot make Deathwind's strength soar.

Among Dou Immortals, the gap between each rank is huge, so it is impossible to raise a whole big rank like Dou Di Dan.

The Fighting Immortal Pill, impressively can make the powerhouse below the four-star Fighting Immortal level rise by a small level, and it is also in the ranks of the Immortal Rank 5-Rank Earth-level Medicinal Pill!

For example, if you have reached the 3-star Dou Xian Consummation, after taking it, you will naturally break through to the 3-star Dou Xian and enter the 4-star Dou Xian.

"If that Xiao Yan can come up with a more satisfactory bargaining chip, it will naturally be exchanged for him, but compared to the Dou Xian Dan, the Zihuo of Ghost Face Soul Yan is still not worth mentioning." Dead Wind said, with a hint of regret, obviously He is also quite greedy for Zihuo of Ghost Face Soul Yan.

"If that's the case, I'm afraid there will already be a winner in this auction." At the next moment, Li Qin's beautiful eyes turned slightly, and she went back to the auction stage to preside over the overall situation.

"Let's go, it's time to complete the transaction." After Death Wind finished speaking, he and Bai He left here directly.