Chapter 73: Xiao Yi is sleeping!

"Huh?" The Golden Dragon King also looked at Xiao Yi as if he was thinking about something.

Xiao Yan also frowned. Xiao Yi was not only a great help in his own battle, but also a close partner who was inseparable. What excess energy was swallowed up by Xiao Yi just now, and this happened. If something happened to Xiao Yi, Xiao Yan also…

"Is this the legendary promotion?" The Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Yi for a while and then muttered to himself.

"Promotion?" Xiao Yan also asked in confusion.

"I mentioned before that fire elves are wonders of heaven and earth. They have contained very powerful energy since they were born, and fire elves are divided into five stages, infancy, infancy, growth, and maturity. Peak time!"

"It is said that each promotion of the Fire Elf requires a huge amount of energy as its back, and after each promotion, its strength will undergo a qualitative change. The final promotion to the second rank and even rumors will lead to a catastrophe, which is unexpectedly true. of."

"However, the promotion of the Fire Elf is a bit special. After swallowing such a powerful force, there must be a process of slowly absorbing and slowly transforming." The Golden Dragon King also looked at the increasing energy in Xiao Yi's body and said.

Xiao Yan was also surprised. He knew that even if the beasts were promoted, generally powerful beasts would be able to transcend tribulation and break through the current realm to reach a stronger realm.

I have never heard of a situation like Xiao Yi.

Sleeping and transforming?

Although surprised, Xiao Yan didn't ask too much, and wanted to walk over and hug Xiao Yi.

"Ordinary fire elves can speak human words and have the same intelligence as human beings even in their infancy, but what do I think is wrong with this fire elves?"

"It seems...was wiped out of wisdom?" The Golden Dragon King also found something.

Immediately, he formed a seal with his backhand, and a ball of memory light appeared in front of Xiao Yan's eyes.

Xiao Yan also looked at the light group in front of him, as if he had returned to the demon fire space where Xiao Yi had been subdued.

"Jinglian Yaosheng, how I want to grow up is my own business, you have too much control!"

The light around the demon lotus bloomed slightly, and the roar of the Jinglian demon fire also came from it.

"I just don't want you to end up in self-destruction. I made you look like this, then let me end everything in the end." The phantom stared at the demon lotus, and the handprint changed, only to see the two sides that enveloped the world. The formation suddenly swept up and down, and a huge fire curtain shot out from the center of the formation, and then formed a four-sided fire mad prison as fast as lightning, blocking the demon lotus in.

"The wisdom and memory I gave you, after I take it away, you will once again have the purity that was when I first discovered you..."

"When my deadline was approaching, I thought about erasing your memory, but I couldn't do it, so I sealed you. Thinking of you can resolve the violence and killing in my heart, but now it seems that thousands of years of seals have made it difficult for me to do so. Your hatred is even stronger, since that's the case..." Jinglian Yaosheng looked at the frantically struggling Jinglian Yaohuo, sighed, and his handprints changed, only to see that the huge formation covering tens of thousands of feet in a radius actually began to move from the outside. The inside began to collapse, but as the outer periphery of the great formation collapsed, the pillar of fire that blocked the Jinglian Demon Fire became more and more solid.

"Boom boom boom!"

"Refining the ancient formation, peeling off"

The illusory palm of the Jinglian Demon Sage waved lightly, and in the fire curtain, there were dense lines of fire in the violent bursts. These lines of fire formed a fire net, deeply imprinted in the depths of the demon lotus, and then The fire net was slowly pulled up, and a trace of blood-colored mist was slowly forced away from the body of the demon lotus...

"Bang bang bang!" At this moment, the light group shattered, and the Golden Dragon King also knew something.

"The wonders of the world, such as the fire elf, are pure and pure with the purity of their masters, and dark and dark."

"Since the main body of the fire spirit's predecessor was deprived of its violent aura, let's start to cultivate it again."

"This time, we can't let this wonder of the world go astray." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

Xiao Yan heard it and knew that the power of the fire elves is strong, but if they go the wrong way, they will be out of control!

Immediately, he nodded, and walked towards Xiao Yi.

"Master, what should we do now?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask when he saw Xiao Yi, whose energy was getting stronger and stronger in his body.

"Originally, you have Nashi in your body that can hold fire spirits, but now it needs to be promoted, and you need to find a quiet place with the power of fire."

"The promotion of the fire elf will unlock the intellect that is not weaker than that of humans, and this promotion is also a slow process for it, ranging from months to years." The Golden Dragon King looked at the fire elf. With a sleepy appearance.

"The quietest place..." Xiao Yan was also surprised. He had just arrived in the Dou Di Continent, and he was not familiar with each other. Where could he find a quiet place for Xiao Yi to slowly advance and change, and even if he found Xiao Yi Yan didn't worry about Xiao Yi either.

"Hehe, if that's the case, your body has a strong power of flame, that's the best place." The Golden Dragon King clearly saw Xiao Yan's concerns.

"But your Nashi is not enough to accommodate the current fire elves."

"You need to open up another space in your body so that the fire elves can sleep and transform!"

"Shen Shen closed his eyes! Use your fighting spirit and soul power to condense at Na Shi!" The Golden Dragon King's words also slowly came to Xiao Yan's mind. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

"Bang bang bang!"

A series of low muffled sounds rang out, and with the efforts of Xiao Yan's milky white grudge and huge invisible soul power, he finally succeeded in opening up a space for the fire spirit.

"You can rest assured to advance!" Xiao Yan held Xiao Yi in both hands, like the closest brother.

Xiao Yi also tried her best to open her eyes and look at Xiao Yan. After hearing the latter's words, her pure baby-like gaze suddenly jumped, and without hesitation, it turned into a ball of light and moved towards Xiao Yan's body. And go.

Xiao Yan also felt that in the inner space that he had just opened up, Xiao Yi was in it and began to slowly transform.

"Just wait slowly." The Golden Dragon King also said after watching Xiao Yan finish this series of things.

Xiao Yan felt his body. The thing that he was worried about because Xiao Yi was promoted and could not use the power of the strange fire did not happen. After all, Xiao Yi was the fire spirit after the fusion of the strange fire, and the strange fire was the source of the strange fire that Xiao Yan devoured. , the two do not conflict, so it does not appear.

"Boom boom boom!"

After the matter had to be dealt with, the figure wrapped in blue flames not far away from Xiao Yan also quietly shattered, revealing a green lotus. On the green lotus platform, Su Xueying was standing slowly among them.

Xiao Yan felt a more terrifying aura than before!

"Is it swallowed?" Su Xueying also opened her mouth slightly, she never thought that Xiao Yan's speed was so fast.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also responded.

Su Xueying also said with a slight wrinkle in her eyes.

"The next step is the biggest treasure of this ruin."

"The blood essence of the peak powerhouse of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!"

​​