Chapter Vol 4 884: Xuanling City is moving!

Fen Tian and his party quietly left the Fenxiang Pavilion and headed to Xuanling City.

"Strange, the smell of the old guys in the Fenxiang Pavilion seems to be weak and strong recently, what are they doing..." Among the Xuanling royal family, King Xuanling sat on the throne and spoke slightly.

"My king, the last breath of the dragon-loving legion's people should be in a barren land." After a while, Wen Zi pushed in the door and said to King Xuanling.

"It seems that Qin Tian is not willing to be ordinary."

"According to the description of Solomon's sluggish aura coming out of the ruins and the origin of the blood demon, the fighting spirit should have been captured by Qin Tian."

"This old immortal didn't bring back the fighting spirit, perhaps with the intention of devouring it himself." King Xuanling said with extreme resentment.

"Wen Zi, send people to the wasteland, be sure to find them."

"The fighting spirit must not be absorbed by Qin Tian!"

"If he is really absorbed, I am afraid that even if he is dead, he will have to spit it out for me!" King Xuanling said hideously.

"Yes." Wen Zi responded and went down immediately.

"In the underground palace, what the **** is my **** father doing?" Xuanling Emperor was also extremely depressed at this time.

Ever since his father abdicated to become a sage, he has been guarding the seventh floor of the underground palace!

The seventh floor of the underground palace is suppressing Sheng Yan, Yan Chi!

If it wasn't for thousands of years, they didn't find a way to devour the holy flame, I am afraid that the holy flame would have been swallowed by it long ago.

"And where is our idiot Xuanling royal ancestor, but it was sealed by Medusa's petrified pupil."

"The mother of the fairy bodhi tree on the sixth floor, the Gorefiend base camp on the fifth floor, and Lingmengsheng's lover Xuan Muqing on the fourth floor..." King Xuanling murmured in a low voice.

At this time, in the underground palace, there is a shadow on the fourth floor. The shadow is also bound and lost, but if Lingmeng is here again, you will naturally know that this is the wife that he thinks about day and night. what!

As for the fifth floor of the underground palace, it is airtight here, but the aura inside is extremely evil, many figures are in deep sleep, and there are many strong blood demons!

On the sixth floor of the underground palace, this is the place where the mother of the fairy bodhi tree is stored.

On the seventh floor of the underground palace, in addition to Xuanling, the father of King Xuanling, there is also the powerful ghost from the ghost world!

The existence of this ghost immortal is extremely mysterious hidden by Elder Xuan, so even King Xuanling doesn't know about it.

"Hey, old man Xuan, this holy flame is really thorny. I don't know how you are going to deal with it?" said the ghost fairy.

"In this way, I naturally have a way. You just need to stay here for enough time. As for the reward, I will naturally give it to you." Xuan Lao said with a calm expression.

"Our three major ghost immortals, two of which are trying to attack you Xuan Sansan, and the first to rule Xuan Sansan, you have to be careful." Guixian said gloomily.

"En..." Elder Xuan nodded slightly when he heard the words, but he obviously didn't care about these things.

The next moment, he cast his eyes on the chains that sealed Yan Chi.

Even if this holy flame has been guarded for hundreds of years, there is no way to devour it. I am afraid that only the Xuanling King's method, with the help of the power of swallowing the cold blood of the swallowing python, weakens the holy flame, and there is such a chance.

After a while, his eyes were fixed on a silver statue swallowed by darkness.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The statue was covered with moss, but it couldn't hide the horror of the statue at all. Thinking about the peak period of the statue, he was also a superpower.

Shaking his head, the reason why Elder Xuan is guarding here is naturally because of the ancestors of the Xuanling royal family and the holy flame who were sealed by Medusa's petrified pupil!

"The power of these two, even if it absorbs either of them, is a huge increase for me, but..." After Elder Xuan finished speaking, his eyes darkened.

And in Xuanling City, at this time, it was also heavily guarded for unknown reasons.

"Master." In Xuanling City, in an elegant garden in the auction house, a man in black wrapped all over said directly to the woman in front of him.

The woman is like a stunner, and as expected, extremely thin clothes can't hide her skin that can be broken by bullets.

The woman's red lips moved slightly: "Speak."

"Dark Night Ghost Immortal, one of the Three Great Ghost Immortals, has already acted." The man in black said respectfully.

"what?"

"Dark Night Ghost Immortal, this **** fellow!"

"Actually ahead of schedule!" Blood Rose heard the words and snorted coldly, her voice mixed with abnormal anger.

"In the ghost world, there are many strong people, but these three ghost immortals are teaming up to devour Xuan Santian."

Since the three have joined forces, they must have reached some consensus. Therefore, the attack on Xuan Santian must be done after the sect competition. After all, the sect competition will greatly weaken Xuantian's strength, which will be beneficial to their future battles.

"What's going on with the Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal and Qianying Ghost Immortal?" Blood Rose continued.

"The two of them are not moving at the moment, but they are also mobilizing their strong men." The man in black continued.

"I see, let's go." Blood Rose snorted coldly, and immediately sent the intelligence spy of the Men in Black away.

"Dark Night Ghost Immortal has always been not so fancy about these things. The reason why he entered Xuan Sansan in advance is probably because of the help of a certain fighting immortal in Xuan Sansan, otherwise the seal that seals Ghost Realm and Xuan Sansan. not so easy to break..."

"I don't know who is the immortal fighting powerhouse who offered the sky-high price to make the ghosts of the dark night move..." Xue Qiangwei couldn't help but said slowly, with a hint of sneer at the corner of her mouth.

"It's getting more and more interesting." After Blood Rose finished speaking, she slowly disappeared into the auction hall.

And at this time, beyond the three days of Xuan, the ghost world.

"what?"

"That guy in the dark night has entered Xuan San San?" In a desolate cemetery, among a tombstone, the tomb digger exclaimed in surprise.

"My lord, I don't know why the Dark Night Ghost Immortal didn't keep the promise and entered Xuansan Santian in advance." The Dark Crow Ghost Emperor, who was standing at the tomb digging Ghost Immortal, said helplessly.

"The entrance of the ghost world to Xuan Santian is extremely well sealed. If it wasn't for a strong human being to fight immortals, I'm afraid this guy in the dark night would not have entered so easily."

"Look at Qianying a little, and if he has any movement, tell me immediately!" Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal thought for a while, and then spoke.

"Sir, are we ready to enter Xuantian Santian..." The Dark Crow Ghost Emperor tried to ask.

"Hehe, naturally there are people who are more anxious than us." After the Tomb Digging Ghost Immortal finished speaking, he smiled maliciously. Obviously, one of the three ghost immortals, the one who is most stubborn towards Xuan Santian is Qianying Ghost Immortal!

As expected, Qianying Guixian directly dispatched his strong men to try to open the seal in advance.

However, no matter how anxious Qianying Guixian is, the entrance to the seal is guarded by strong human beings and cannot be opened for a short period of time.