Chapter Vol 4 1312: The collision of fire attributes!

"In the first round, Xiao Yan vs Huobai, please enter." Duan Tianfeng spoke slowly, and suddenly there was a gap in the energy protection shield in the competitive mountain range, waiting for the two to enter.

"Xiao Yan, come on." Liu Qing said to Xiao Yan, cheering for him.

"Huobai, don't hold back for a while, beat this guy to death!" On the side, Mu Ge and Huang Hu came to Huobai and said to him, the relationship between the three was obviously quite harmonious.

"Yes." Huobai nodded lightly, then jumped straight into it.

This fire cypress, the strength of the late two-star Dou Xian, is quite tyrannical. With the addition of fighting skills, I am afraid that ordinary two-star Dou Xian in the late stage will not be able to beat him, and he and Mu Ge are also in the same camp, naturally The same hatred.

On Huobai, looming flames slowly permeated, and just after entering the competitive mountain range, a scorching aura was immediately drawn.

Xiao Yan looked up and saw that Huobai had a long black head. In addition to the blue robe, the red flame on the palm of his hand showed a terrifying warmth.

"Huobai." Huobai and Xiao Yan had just rushed into the competitive mountain range, and they looked at Xiao Yan indifferently, and a terrifying aura slowly permeated from their bodies.

"Fire attribute..." Xiao Yan glanced lightly for a moment.

Looking at Xiao Yan in a static state, Huo Bai felt the terrifying fluctuations in Xiao Yan's calm surface, and squeezed his palm lightly, and then a blood-red glow suddenly swept across Huo Bai's body. It turned into a dazzling light and shot towards Xiao Yan.

The fire attribute powerhouse in the late stage of the Two Star Dou Xian, charging a blow, its terrifying power also makes the surrounding terror tremble. Facing Huo Bai's attack, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, on the palm of his hand, Yi Huo Heng The ancient ruler flickered out gently, and then a fiery red flame loomed.

"Humph!" Huobai snorted coldly, and immediately pointed his toes on his red glow, and the fierce fire attribute fighting qi in his body emerged like a tide, and then condensed into a hideous palm print in the palm of his hand. The impact of the energy under his feet, under the cover of the fire attribute energy, was like a bow and arrow that broke away from the bow, and suddenly attacked Xiao Yan.

"This guy... what is he doing?" Seeing Xiao Yan motionless, only a trace of fire attribute vindictiveness permeated the heavy ruler in his palm, and then some strange thoughts flashed in his heart, but his figure did not hesitate. Shooting away from behind.

"Ding ding ding!" A crisp voice filled the sky above the competitive mountain range. With Xiao Yan and Huobai as the center, waves of hot fire waves continued to spread, and Xiao Yan's huge heavy ruler directly resisted the On his chest, he resisted Huobai's seemingly tyrannical attack. The tyrannical Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler was urged by Xiao Yan with all his strength, causing the void around them to twist a little.

"Strange, this guy is only the strength of the two-star Dou Xian early stage, how could it be possible..." Feeling the power from the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler on Xiao Yan's palm, a hint of surprise appeared on Huobai's face, and his heart was even more overturned. There was a storm.

The difference between the late two-star Dou Xian and the early two-star Dou Xian was not a little bit. Although he did not use all his strength, this Xiao Yan's strength should not be underestimated.

Naturally, Xiao Yan ignored the shock in Huobai's heart. He pressed the ancient ruler of different fires in his hand, and immediately slashed towards Huobai with an extremely tyrannical sound of breaking wind.

Originally, this ancient ruler of different fires that weighed as much as a thousand jins, but at this time it was like a duck in the palm of Xiao Yan's hand, and it was easy to use. Under Xiao Yan's continuous attacks, Huobai's figure seemed a little embarrassed.

But no matter what, Huobai is also a genuine two-star Douxian late stage powerhouse. After a few breaths, it gradually stabilized, and the majestic Dou Qi surged out, which vaguely blocked Xiao Yan's attack. , and even vaguely have the momentum to counter pressure Xiao Yan.

"It seems that the powerhouses of the late two-star Dou Xian are indeed a lot more arrogant than me in terms of fighting spirit." Xiao Yan waved the ancient ruler of different fire and attacked Huobai. Like a poisonous snake, it blasted away at himself everywhere.

In the competitive mountain range at this time, Xiao Yan and Huobai, one red, one fiery red, and two forces, rendered the entire sky above the competitive mountain range into a two-color enchantment. A rather tyrannical energy ripple, surging everywhere.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Is this fire cypress a piece of trash... It's so difficult to fight against Xiao Yan, a two-star fighting immortal early stage?" Huang Hu outside the field couldn't help but cursed in a low voice.

"This guy named Xiao Yan doesn't seem to be so simple." Mu Ge was watching the fight between the two attentively. After all, Mu Ge is not that kind of short-sighted idiot. This Xiao Yan can rely on the strength of the two-star Dou Xian early stage to deal with the two-star Dou. The fire cypress in the late immortal stage was temporarily tied, which is enough to show how tyrannical this guy is.

"This Xiao Yan seems to be a bit tyrannical." Duan Qifei stared at the battle with her big watery eyes. Although she had known for a long time that Xiao Yan's strength was extraordinary, she was slightly surprised when she saw it now.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan's heavy ruler and Huo Bai's energy flame palms constantly clashed, the two looked at each other viciously, and then Huo Bai took five steps back to stabilize his figure, while Xiao Yanju then retreated ten After a few steps, he stabilized his figure. Obviously, as the two were evenly matched the gap between fighting qigong technique and strength was slowly manifested.

"Humph."

"Your brute force cannot be underestimated, but I don't know how long you can last?" Huo Bai stabilized his figure and said immediately.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he ignored it. He just threw the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire on the palm of his hand heavily against the ground, and then the speed skyrocketed, swept directly towards the bottom, and moved in the middle. There was also a yellow scroll slowly appearing on the palm of his hand. .

"Want to run?"

"You'd better admit defeat as soon as possible!" Seeing this, Huobai couldn't help laughing, and then the dazzling fighting spirit permeated out, chasing and killing Xiao Yan below. Seeing this, it was astonishing that Xiao Yan had already reached the end of the lamp. Oily realm.

"Purgatory Array!"

"Get out of here!" Xiao Yan took the lead to come to a rocky area in the mountains and mountains, and then saw that the fire cypresses had entered the rocky area, and suddenly stood on a bumpy rock with countless engravings on it. The mysteriously fluctuating sheepskin scroll was directly crushed by it!

The sheepskin scroll was instantly crushed, and a heavy breath suddenly enveloped the area!

"Not good!" Upon realizing this scene, Huo Bai's face couldn't help but show a trace of panic.

"I want to run now, it's too late!"

"Purgatory!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and suddenly a fiery red flame filled the rocky area with a radius of 1,000 meters. The flame directly blocked the area, and a heavy feeling slowly filled the area. in space.

. steal incense