Chapter Vol 4 1076: Bad news, 2 women arrested

I don't know why, but this last day passed so slowly.

At this time, the Burning Incense Pavilion was on high alert, because they all knew that tomorrow, the Xuanling Royal Family Demon Extermination Ceremony would decide the real life and death.

Fenxiang Pavilion wins, so it is easy to say, if it loses, I am afraid not to mention Fenxiang Pavilion, even if it is the entire Xuan Santian, it will be completely bloodbathed by the Xuanling royal family.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm very worried." At this time, Xiao Yan was standing in the Wuzhu Residence alone, not knowing what to do. At that time, Qinxin slowly walked into it and thought about something.

"Hehe, nothing, just suddenly remembered something sad." Xiao Yan greeted Qin Xin with a smile when he saw Qin Xin coming.

"Alas, it's rare for our hero who burns incense to be so worried. It's really rare." Qin Xin said with a smile.

"Okay, don't make fun of me, what are you looking for from me?" Xiao Yan also seemed to have sensed the unspeakable hidden under Qin Xin's smiling face and said.

"I'm looking for you, I really have something to do, but..." Qin Xin looked around and said.

"En?" Xiao Yan became quite curious when he heard this.

"You know, I'm not from your Xuanling Continent." After a while, Qin Xin also said.

"Well... so?" Xiao Yan seemed to have expected this scene long ago and asked.

"Oh, forget it."

"If there is a chance in the future, you can come to Douyun Continent, where I can help you." Qinxin said.

"Douyun Continent..."

"The largest continent among the four continents of Emperor Dou, if there is a chance in the future, I must go." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"If that's the case, then don't bother." Qin Xin finished speaking and left.

"This girl is not easy on her body."

"Although his strength is mediocre, there are some fluctuations in his body, which is really scary." After Qin Xin left, the Soul Eater in Xiao Yan said.

"She should have something to hide..." Xiao Yan looked at Qin Xin's leaving back and wondered.

"When this is over, follow me to the ghost world first."

"Wait until your strength reaches Dou Xian before going to Douyun Continent. Otherwise, with your current strength, it's probably no different from dying."

"And the background behind this Nizi is not small. We may need her power in the future." Lord of Soul Eater Zaidu said.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he also walked towards Zhu Jin's enough.

"Princess, why didn't you tell me?" When Qinxin returned to her room, a mysterious figure appeared and asked Qinxin.

"Forget it, Xiao Yan's affairs will be discussed later."

"Let's take care of the Xuanling Continent for now." Qin Xin finished speaking and calmed down.

"Shabu Shabu!" At this time, in the originally peaceful Burning Heaven Territory, some uninvited guests came.

The half-immortal snake of the Medusa family!

The snake-shaped scepter in Shefu's hand slowly lit the void, and went directly to the wooden house where Zhu Jin lived. Little did he know that Xiao Yan followed closely behind, and Xiao Yan listened to their conversation without a word.

"Old Snake, why do you want to come here in such a hurry?" Zhujin and Shefu can also be regarded as old friends. Zhujin laughed when he saw Shefu.

"Old Zhu... something big has happened." Shefu just swept away into the Zhu Cinders' wooden house, and even the connection world was not arranged, and he said with a haggard expression.

"Did something big happen?"

"Could it be Cailin?" At this time, Xiao Yan was already standing outside the wooden house, but he didn't push the door in.

"What's the big deal?" When Zhu Jin heard the words, his smile slowly disappeared. He rarely saw Shefu showing such an expression.

"Do you have a disciple named Mu Yingying in your Burning Incense Pavilion, and she still has the power of holy flame?" Shefu asked.

"Yes..." And when Zhu Jin heard the words, his face turned ashen.

Mu Yingying didn't leave with Xiao Yan, why is it now?

A feeling of something bad came into my mind.

"She was caught." Shefu said slightly with a pale face.

"What!" Zhu Jin heard the words, the previous calmness disappeared, replaced by a heavy touch.

Mu Yingying, like Yan Chi, is a human being converted from holy flame. If she is caught, once the source of holy flame is damaged, it is very likely that her life will be endangered!

"Caught by King Xuanling." After a while, Shefu Zaidu added!

"..." In the entire wooden house, there was a dead silence, no one thought about it!

"How could it be possible..." When Xiao Yan outside the door heard the words, an icy feeling spread throughout his body, and a sense of self-blame welled up in his heart.

When Xiao Yan had just returned to the Medusa clan's territory, in order to distance himself from Mu Yingying, Xiao Yan told her that Cailin was his wife. Hearing that Mu Yingying was captured by King Xuanling, a self-blame flooded into Xiao Yan's heart.

"Yanchi... Mu Yingying is in the hands of King Xuanling, now I'm in trouble..."

"However, the Xuanling royal family colluded with the evil races outside the territory, even if holy flames emerged, they couldn't swallow them up. Why did they collect holy flames like this?" Zhu Jin was shocked for a while, then calmed down and began to think about a solution.

"Even if the two of them were Sacred Flames and turned into human figures, if the truth were that simple, I wouldn't have come to ask you for help."

"Our Medusa clan's patrol guards found traces of the Queen and Mu Yingying on the edge of the desert of death. If not as I expected, the Queen and Mu Yingying should have both been captured by King Xuanling..."

"And the reason why King Xuanling did this is probably related to an ancient book I read before."

"The power of the blood of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python is really cold and cold, and it is the best choice for swallowing the holy flame. With its blood, it can greatly reduce the power of the holy flame." The next moment, a shocking sky and man The information came out from Shefu's mouth.

"This Xuanling King... has a lot of ambition."

"You actually want to use the power of Medusa to devour the two holy flames?" Hearing Shefu finished speaking, a shock surged in Zhu Jin's heart.

"No matter what King Xuanling wants to do now, I'm afraid it's a big deal to rescue the Queen and Er Duo Shengyan." Shefu said.

"Tomorrow is the Demon Extermination Ceremony, I'm afraid it's too late." Zhu Jin heard that and seemed to notice something creaked. "And before Zhu Jin and Shefu were talking, a dull voice sounded outside the door.

"Cai Lin... was also arrested?" Xiao Yan stood blankly on the spot, looking bewildered and said at a loss.

"Xiao Yan?" When Shefu saw Xiao Yan for the first time, he knew something was wrong.

With Shefu's sophistication, it is natural to know that Xiao Yan is the husband of Queen Medusa, and Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan are not too close. If the two are caught like this, Xiao Yan will definitely be the first...

"Senior Shefu, is what you said true?" Xiao Yan asked dumbly, the anger in his heart was already unforgivable.

"Xiao Yan, we will take care of these things, you don't have to blame yourself too much." Zhu Jin also knew that too much explanation at this time would not help, so he comforted.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Cai Lin is my wife, and Mu Yingying is my partner."

"Tomorrow, I will go to Xuanling Mountain."

"Even if I fight for the last trace of my soul, I will definitely make King Xuanling pay the price!" Xiao Yan left a vicious sentence and disappeared here, leaving only Zhu Jin and Shefu.

"Hey, this little guy..." Zhu Jin and Shefu looked at each other with a hint of pain in their eyes.

"Go back first, tomorrow is the time for the decisive battle." Zhu Jin said instantly, then turned around to do other things.

And under this calm, it started with a shocking battle.