Chapter Vol 4 1549: The power of the old man!

As Xiao Yan returned to his residence, Xiao Gui also returned safely, but when Xiao Yan saw Xiao Gui, he found this guy with a smirk, and he didn't know what happened.

After a while, Xiao Yan asked about it and it was fine. After all, the wounds on Xiao Gui's body had been temporarily suppressed by Luo Menglan, and they had agreed to meet in a few days to completely exorcise Xiao Gui, so Xiao Yan did not have too many medicinal pills. Go straight back to rest, because the disciples of the spiritual academy have already come to inform them that tomorrow, the old master will personally receive them into the spiritual academy, so Xiao Yan is not in a hurry

At this time, the scorching sun was in the sky, and in other areas of the Spiritual Academy, there were quite shocking things happening one after another.

The Earth Spirit Court is the southernmost of the boundaries, where the Earth Court is located. Above a mountain range where the energy of heaven and earth is extremely rich and quite mysterious.

"Di Lao, what wind brought you here?" A gust of breeze blew, and suddenly Di Lao's figure flickered out of the distance like lightning, and a man on the ground below smiled slowly.

The man is gentle and elegant, with a refined aura, like a poetic scholar who is full of poetry and books, with a high air between his eyebrows, and the strength that is faintly revealed, he actually has a four-star Dou Xian perfection level, but Terrifying enough.

Here, it is clearly a paradise, a piece of peach trees are emerging, the flowering period is in full bloom, surrounded by crystal-clear water, and in the peach forest, trails emerge, such a place with rich energy and beautiful scenery, it is clearly the earth A resting place for some old monsters in the courtyard.

"Is Headmaster Ling here?" Seeing this disciple, Di Lao opened his mouth slightly.

"My father is in the peach forest, the old man please." After finishing speaking, the young man Ling Yu made a gesture of invitation, and then slowly backed away.

"En." Di Lao heard the words, nodded slowly, and then opened his legs and walked towards Taolin.

"Old Di, I don't know about the marriage between the kid and Miss Luo Menglan, can Headmaster Luo Zhamu agree?" In an instant, when Di Lao passed by him, Ling Yu couldn't help asking.

"I don't know about this, wait until I turn around and ask Lao Luo." After Di Lao finished speaking, he also slowly disappeared in front of Ling Yu, frowning as he spoke, obviously he was not optimistic about this matter either.

"Damn bastard!" Ling Yu scolded secretly when he saw Di Lao's disappearing figure.

"Luo Menglan, do you think this young master will really like a fool like you!"

"If it wasn't for the news that Luo Zhamu was in control of a certain holy flame, how could this young master bow down and ask the Lord of Li Soul to give me marriage."

"I don't know why the powerhouses of the extraterritorial evil people want us to collect holy flames. Isn't holy flame their strongest nemesis?"

"Susu." As he spoke, a dark pattern appeared between Ling Yu's eyebrows. At the moment when the dark pattern appeared, it was as if his whole body was plunged into boundless hell.

If this kind of aura existed, Xiao Yan would be surprised to find out that this is clearly the mark of the evil power lines given to human beings by the powerhouses of the extraterritorial evil race, which is similar in nature to the crime of serving the extraterrestrial evil race, but I don't know why Ling Yu is on his body. Possessed, to know his talent, his status, even in the entire Earth Spirit Academy, is undoubtedly the top.

"Old Ghost of Earth Spirit, you are still in such a hurry." Suddenly, an elegant pavilion slowly appeared in the center of the peach forest. The two men in brocade clothes sat quietly and said with a smile. The two were sitting in the pavilion at the moment. Chess game.

The two men were about middle-aged, and their black hair looked particularly energetic, and their whole body revealed an extremely majestic aura, which was as shocking as mountains and rivers.

"Master Ling and Master Ai." Seeing this, the old ghost of Earth Spirit smiled slowly and stepped into the pavilion.

"Let's talk, what's the matter this time." Headmaster Ling looked at the arrival of the old ghost of the earth spirit, and suddenly stopped the movement in his hand, looked at it, and asked.

"In the middle of the boundary of the Earth Spirit Academy, the Acacia tree is about to appear." After a while, the old ghost of Earth Spirit said earnestly, as if there were words in his words.

"Oh?"

"Acacia tree?" When Headmaster Ling heard the words, there was a strange sound in his voice, and he was surprised.

"Acacia tree, old man remembers that it is a rare divine tree."

"Back then, the head of your Spiritual Academy benefited a lot from it, although we didn't know what the Acacia tree had inside." Headmaster Ai beside him was quite envious.

The headmaster is in charge of the large and small matters in their respective courtyards, and the so-called principal and vice-principal are in seclusion all day long. Unless the courtyard is in danger, he will not show up easily. Therefore, in the underground courtyard and the spiritual courtyard, this is the way to go. Several headmasters are the highest decision-making.

"The Acacia tree is here, I don't know why you came here, old ghost, Earth Spirit?" After a while, Headmaster Ling smiled slowly.

"I'm here because I want Headmaster Ling to restrain his disciples and not step into the realm of the Acacia tree. This time, it's our Spirit Court's turn." The old ghost of Earth Spirit also smiled lightly.

"Hey, old ghost of the earth spirit, what you said is wrong. The spiritual objects of heaven and earth are obtained by those who are destined, and the value of the acacia tree is rumored to be extremely mysterious. Your trip may be in vain." Ai on the side The headmaster laughed.

"Oh...is that so?" In an instant, an extremely terrifying vindictive energy poured into the pavilion like a vast ocean from the old ghost of the earth spirit. In an instant, the world was lost, and even countless people in the peach forest were lost. The peach blossoms also shivered.

"Seven... Seven Stars Fighting Immortals?"

"How is that possible?" Upon realizing this scene, Headmaster Ai said in a trembling voice.

"never mind."

"This time, let the Acacia tree be given to you in the Spiritual Court I will restrict all the disciples of our underground courtyard from participating, but although we do not participate, it is not guaranteed that some sect forces living under our protection will meet. Go." Headmaster Ling said with a smile.

"If that's the case, then I would like to thank Headmaster Ling."

"Farewell." After a while, the old ghost of the earth spirit flickered when he saw that his goal was achieved, and slowly disappeared here.

"Sect Master Ling, the strength of this old ghost of the earth spirit has actually reached the level of the Seven Star Fighting Immortal, which is too..." After a while, as the old ghost of the earth spirit disappeared completely, Ai Weng also said earnestly.

Among the three headmasters in the Lingyuan, only Jiang Wen's strength barely reached the half-step Seven-Star Fighting Immortal, but now the strength of the Earth Spirit Old Ghost has broken through the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal, which surprised them greatly.

After all, even in their entire underground courtyard, although the three headmasters are all seven-star fighting immortals, the strength of seven-star fighting immortals has become a real power, so they have to pay attention to it.

"The old ghost of the earth spirit and Rozamu have a good relationship, and their origins are quite mysterious, so they must not be irritated."

"Besides, the resources collected by our courtyard are too many, so let's give it to the spirit courtyard this time."

"Go on, the disciples of the underground courtyard, don't get involved in the acacia tree, or the courtyard will deal with it!" At that time, a majestic voice resounded throughout the peach forest.