Chapter Vol 2 753: Ready to work

"As for condensing and building a spiritual palace, let alone you, even for me now, it's too early to say, so your task now is to swallow the soul stone to compress your soul power." Ye Meng faced The polite Xiao Yan immediately laughed.

He is a dignified and upright second-rank pharmacist of the emperor rank. Although he has successfully compressed his soul power and devoured the soul stone, in the final analysis, he is still not sure about building a real spiritual palace.

After all, if you want to truly build a spiritual palace, light compresses the soul force to devour the soul stone, this is just the easiest step!

If you want to build a spiritual palace, the most important thing is the power of the soul. Only when the power of the soul can completely break through the emperor realm and enter the fairy realm is it possible. Otherwise, everything is just nonsense.

"Okay, boy, that's it, I've already told you everything I know, and then it's your own business."

"Devouring the Soul Stone should be exactly the same as the Holy Flame you devoured before. As for what will happen, I can't help you to be honest."

"You have to rely on yourself for all this." Ye Meng said suddenly and solemnly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan also vaguely knew something, and immediately agreed slightly, and then his eyes suddenly became solemn.

"But don't be nervous. This step seems difficult, but it's actually easy." Ye Meng looked at Xiao Yan and seemed to be nervous, and said comfortably.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Well, don't say I won't help you from the Incense House, the soul stone is in it, you can get it yourself."

"This soul stone was fired at a sky-high price outside. If it wasn't for the help of someone you know, I'm afraid your kid will come here for nothing this time." Ye Meng said as he led Xiao Yan inside.

Just after entering the wooden house, Xiao Yan's eyes changed instantly, Xiao Yan knew that this was the secret place of Burning Incense Pavilion.

Because Xiao Yan just saw these medicinal pills, if they took them out, they would be madly robbed by countless people. This is the essence of a sect.

"This is just the tip of the iceberg. Our pharmacy, as the central force in the Burning Incense Pavilion, is far beyond your imagination." Ye Mengdao said.

"It seems that the Fenxiang Pavilion is not weak..." Xiao Yan suddenly felt a sense of pride towards the sect at this time.

"It's here. I've prepared everything you need. It's in there."

"What you need for promotion is a quiet and undisturbed space. I think it will be very suitable for you." Before Ye Meng could finish speaking, Xiao Yan only felt that his body was light, and Ye Meng was instantly drawn to that small piece of space. in space.

"I don't know the severity of this old antique's attack on Ye. The dignified nine-star fighting emperor, if it wasn't for my strong body, I'm afraid I would have been shot to death." Xiao Yan complained, and then put his peripheral vision into this small space.

There are a lot of spaces in this refining pharmacy, and Ye Meng and the others have set up soul locks in each space, which is extremely safe. As for Xiao Yan's place here, it is a small space that Ye Meng specially opened up for Xiao Yan to break through.

"Is that the soul stone..."

"Pure white and flawless, without any power, a small piece of silver-white stone?" Xiao Yan glanced around and found nothing strange, and immediately stared at the most conspicuous thing in this space.

It was a shimmering stone. The stone was pure white and flawless, without any color decoration. If I had to say it, the stone had a silver-white color.

At this time, the soul stone was slowly lurking in the air.

"It feels so warm." Xiao Yan walked over gently, waved his palm, and the soul stone was suddenly absorbed in his hand.

Immediately, an extremely warm warmth hit the palm of his hand, causing Xiao Yan to speak out.

"Weng Om!" As Xiao Yan held the soul stone, the monstrous soul power in Xiao Yan's soul realm seemed to be mobilized, and there was a faint sign of merging into the soul stone.

"It seems that what Ye Meng said is not false."

"With this soul stone, you can truly step into the second-grade emperor-rank pharmacist." Xiao Yan agreed in his heart, and his affection for Ye Meng increased immediately.

Xiao Yan could feel that the value of this soul stone was absolutely extraordinary. The reason why Ye Mengneng gave it to Xiao Yan so heartily was because Xiao Yan showed amazing potential.

However, Xiao Yan knew about this, many friends had many paths, so he didn't feel any disgust.

"The next step is to devour the soul stone to compress the power of the soul." Xiao Yan's voice was extremely heavy, because he knew that this step could not tolerate the slightest sloppiness, otherwise, if one accidentally hurt the source, he would not be able to laugh or cry.

"It's been a long time." With the appearance of Xiao Yan's voice, a human being exactly like Xiao Yan suddenly appeared in front of Xiao Yan!

This human is actually Xiao Yan, and his aura is exactly the same as Xiao Yan.

"It's still safer like this." The real body Xiao Yan saw the appearance of the emperor's soul avatar, and he immediately gained some confidence in his heart, and said.

"You're making a big fuss."

"Devouring the soul stone to compress the power of the soul will not cause any harm to me, but you..."

"And if it causes harm, it will also be for the two of us. After all, we are a whole." Soul clone Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"It is precisely because we are a whole that I summoned you, otherwise I would not be able to bear this kind of thing." The real body Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately opened his mouth.

Actually, Xiao Yan was also depressed at this time.

When he was above the Dou Qi Continent, his soul power had just reached the emperor realm. Xiao Yan knew that there was a way to do this, and then he came to the Xuanling Emperor. Because of some coincidences, he condensed this soul avatar.

This soul avatar is good or bad It is not good, but the good thing is that he can help Xiao Yan fight.

When you are fighting against others, when you are evenly matched, there is a teammate who has the same strength and has a high tacit understanding with yourself, which is undoubtedly the icing on the cake.

However, when fighting with others, if it hurts Xiao Yan himself, it has nothing to do with it. If it hurts this soul avatar, it will undoubtedly give back to Xiao Yan himself, and that kind of feedback is still very big.

So now to break through the power of the soul, Xiao Yan had to get heavier and summon the avatar of the soul to avoid any deviation.

"If that's the case, then let's do it with you."

"But you haven't summoned me for a long time. I thought you forgot me." Xiao Yan, the soul avatar, said lightly.

"The opponents you have dealt with recently are all within the range you can deal with, and your words are used as a trump card, and you won't use them easily unless you have to."

"Otherwise, too many cards will be displayed, and it will be easy to fall." The real body Xiao Yan.

"It's up to you." The soul clone said a word, and then became quiet on the side. He knew that there was no need for him to do anything by himself to compress the soul power with the Soul Devouring Stone.

"Huhu."

"This is the end of the matter, let's start." Seeing that the past was ready, Xiao Yan immediately relieved his breath, and then fixed his eyes on the Soul Stone in his hand, and a hot feeling spread throughout his body!

Ask for tickets!