Chapter Vol 4 1723: Half-cycle battle!

"Xiao Yan?" Seeing such a vicious man in front of him, Master Li couldn't help but take a deep breath and lost his voice.

The man in front of him was clearly Xiao Yan's body, but the aura in that body was completely different from before!

Because of the perception of the Master of Soul Li, it was discovered that the aura on Xiao Yan's body at this time was also the fluctuation of reincarnation!

Just imagine that Xiao Yan just now was still an ant that he could kill at will, but suddenly he became equal to himself, and the hostility in the Lord Li Soul became extremely violent.

"Hahaha!"

"The power of the Xiao clan's protection has actually been reduced to devour the body of a descendant. It's really hilarious." After a while, the Lord of Li Soul laughed loudly, as if he had noticed something.

"Hehe, Lord of Soul Li, are you looking for me?" Hearing Lord of Soul Li smirking, Xiao Yan's expression subsided and returned to normal, and his original voice filled the air.

"How could it be possible..." Listening to Xiao Yan's voice, the Lord of Li Soul was holding his breath.

"I am the guardian force of the Xiao clan. Using the hands of the descendants of the clan to obliterate you is also worthy of your name as the master of the Soul Territory." After a while, Xiao Yan's voice disappeared, and his expression became strange. A wicked magnetic sound!

"Who are you among the ten people?" At this moment, the expression of Lord Li Soul finally became solemn, and the pink flame was tightly held by him, like a great enemy.

"My name is Xiao Sensheng." The evil Xiao Yan smiled slightly, but his smile was filled with an extremely vast power.

"Xiao Sensheng?" The Master of Li Soul muttered to himself, but shook his head helplessly.

Although Yama of the Tenth Hall of the Xiao Clan has a great reputation, no one knows the real name, and even the strength of its ten people is rumored. There is an extremely powerful force among them, and even among the ten people, there are not a few people who have reincarnation powerhouses.

"This guy, which one of the Ten Temple Yamas is?" Hearing the evil Xiao Yan say so, the Master of Li Soul said cautiously.

"It doesn't matter if you don't know, anyway, after today, you will be completely destroyed."

"By the way, outsiders like to call me... The Hall of Five Kings!" After the evil Xiao Yan finished speaking, he waved his big hand, and a black screen completely covered the entire space, and even the thunder cracks that appeared in the sky were instantly destroyed.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

For a time, countless dark lines completely wrapped this place, completely dispelling the power of thunder and ghosts, and it was as quiet as a real death zone.

"The power of reincarnation..." Seeing that the evil Xiao Yan so easily resolved the power of thunder that he had finally collected from Duo Qifei, the Master of Li Soul revealed Xiao Yan's power. First release https://https://

"This guy." Seeing that the crisis was resolved, You Er and Hei Sha Long Lang looked at each other and said helplessly, obviously even the power of the two eight-star fighting immortals, in the hands of the Master Li Soul, is as if they are playing a family. Fight back.

"I'm afraid that only Samsara can deal with Samsara." You Er said in a trembling heart.

"The two of them may not have reached the true reincarnation yet, at best they are only half reincarnation." Heisha Longlang squinted and looked at it.

He has followed the Demon Emperor since he was a child, and the Demon Emperor was a reincarnation powerhouse who had truly stepped through the tribulation of reincarnation, so he was fortunate to have seen the tyranny of reincarnation. Naturally, he knew what real reincarnation was. The real reincarnation power was stronger than the one in front of him. The two are even stronger.

"The two of them today should both possess the power of half reincarnation. Because Xiao Yan has the power to protect the Xiao clan, and the Master of Li Soul is also at the home court, plus he has Acacia and Broken Enteritis in his hand, this half The battle of reincarnation, I am afraid there are some interesting things to see." The voice just fell, and in the sky, the arrogance of the two reached the peak.

"My lord has been preparing for a long time now. Whatever you say today, there will be a battle, let's fight."

"I also really want to see if the rumored Ten Temple Yama has the magical powers as rumored."

"Either you die, it will completely open my path of reincarnation." After a battle of words, the Lord of Li Soul waved his hand, and the majestic fighting intent like a prison filled the air.

"Right on my mind!"

"Lord Li Soul, let's count our new hatred and old hatred together this time. The glory of the Xiao clan is not something you can touch!"

"Those who violate our clan will be punished in the end of the world!" The evil voice is like the **** of death harvesting the soul in the world. Every word and sentence directly hits the depths of the human soul, which is daunting.

"Longlong!" The Lord of Li Soul raised his head, looked at Xiao Yan with piercing eyes, took a deep breath, and immediately a thunderous roar erupted from the entire void.

"Does this guy have the space element and the thunder element?" Looking at the countless rolling thunders that lingered around the Lord of Li Soul, the evil Xiao Yan smiled coldly. In the power, even with his half-reincarnation power, he smelled a strong sense of crisis.

"Senior...Are you okay?" Xiao Yan's consciousness resided in Dou Qi at this time. Seeing Xiao Sensheng being so cautious, he couldn't help asking.

"This guy is stronger than I imagined. Maybe the final beheading still needs you." Xiao Sensheng spoke slowly, he knew that although he and the Master of Li Soul were both in the state of semi-reincarnation, he himself The strength of Xiao Yan is far beyond the latter, but now that he has just woken up, and the power that can be exerted by borrowing Xiao Yan's body is extremely limited.

"No problem." Xiao Yan readily agreed.

"Look carefully and study hard, this will be of great benefit to your future path of reincarnation." As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Sensheng stopped talking to Xiao Yan, and began to control his body and launched a real attack.

With the help of the black-patterned holy clothes, the evil Xiao Yan's body moved gently, and he felt that the air was not only filled with a spooky ghost, but also mixed with the terrifying coercion of the Lord of Souls. He looked at the Lord of Li Soul.

At this time, both of them were lifted into the sky. After the Master of Li Soul performed such a method, countless flame-swallowing crystals were instantly shattered The entire retreat site also completely collapsed, and countless gravel and dust emerged. Obviously, this The hall has already begun to collapse, and it will be completely destroyed before long.

After all, the power of reincarnation is not something these ordinary objects can withstand.

But so what?

In his dignified Ten Halls, the Hall of the Five Kings of Yama, not only did Yan defeat the Lord of Li Soul, but he also trampled on the dignity of the Lord of his domain!

"Gloomy ghost, the power of thunder, the power of space..."

"Lord Li Soul, what other tricks are there, let's show them all."

"Si Ye is coming!" Seeing the gloomy wind blowing in front of him, the Lord of Souls who was enveloped by countless black qi, the power of gray thunder, and even the power of mysterious space, the evil Xiao Yan collapsed in the air with a weird smile. road.

At that time, in the void, countless forces made way for Xiao Yan, and at the same time, behind Xiao Yan, the black-patterned holy robe, as if it had life, began to slowly wriggle, and even... grow!

In a short period of time, it grew into a huge black robe that was tens of thousands of meters tall!

"Bang bang bang!" A sound of annihilation emerged, and for a time, the entire desert hinterland, four temples were shattered at the same time, and the bodies of the four were completely subdued by the dark evil clothes behind Xiao Yan, and fell into a trap. In the realm of darkness.

It's just that no one noticed that the four temples were shattered and destroyed. At the moment of their shattering, the black liquid was like a poisonous snake, and it slowly outlined a trace of extremely obscure ancient lines. After a while, it was hidden in the desert sand. .