Chapter Vol 4 1178: Xiao Yan shot

"Damn Hunhao, you actually see me laughing!"

"When I go back to the Kingdom of Ghosts this time, I will offer you the undead leaves, and I will see how you can compete with me!" Hun Wuya took the undead leaves and hid his breath, but he fled here quickly, cursing along the way, obviously Even if he, Hun Wuya and Hun Hao, are both the Twelve Soul Venerables, there are constant grudges between them.

"I don't know why the Lord of Ten Thousand Ghosts is looking for Shengyan..."

"Although the undead leaves are relatively high in strength and ranking among the holy flames, for us people in the ghost world, only two holy flames can be swallowed. annihilated in an instant..."

"Wait... Could it be that the Lord of Ten Thousand Ghosts has found a way to devour other holy flames?" Hun Wuya stopped briefly and said to himself.

"What's the secret of this undead leaf..." The more he thought about it, the more wrong it became. He simply stopped, looked for an uninhabited rock, and gently took out the undead leaf.

"If I can get the Immortal Leaf, I'm afraid I can surpass the Twelve Souls and enter the top level of the Ghost Kingdom. At that time, I will have all the resources I need to enjoy..." Hun Wuya thought, and carefully looked at the Immortal in front of him. Ye, trying to find out its hidden secrets.

"Do it now?" The huge soul power perfectly concealed Xiao Yan's breath, and then Xiao Yan couldn't help asking behind the trees that were less than tens of meters away from Soul Wuya.

"Wait a minute, this guy seems to know something about the undead leaf." The Soul Eater said lightly. Just after he finished speaking, the core inscription of the divine movement in Xiao Yan's body kept squirming, and the mysterious and unpredictable power was silent. wrapped here.

"Why is this undead leaf wrapped in ice?" As soon as Soul Eater's voice fell, he heard Soul Wuya's voice full of inconceivable.

"No... It's better to say that this layer of ice protects the undead leaves instead of wrapping it up."

"Could it be that the Holy Flame of Undying Fire has something to do with ice?" Soul Wuya said after taking a closer look.

This place is already out of the jurisdiction of Ghost King City, and it is rarely crowded. In addition, Hun Wuya has carefully inspected and there is no breath, so I can look at the immortal leaves with confidence.

"Let's break the ice layer first." After a while, there was still no progress, and then Soul Wuya said.

As soon as the voice fell, there was no soul in the palm of the hand, and circles of extremely strange ghosts emerged, facing the ice cage.

"This guy is indeed a person from the ghost world." Looking at the extremely strange ghostly aura on Hun Wuya's body, the Lord of Soul Eater said.

Among the ghost world, there are three identities in total. The most powerful aura is the aboriginal inhabitants of the ghost world. Only these aboriginal residents can use ghost aura, and a powerhouse like Death Wind, although possessing the spirit of fighting immortals. Power, but it does not use ghost energy, its identity is that after human beings die, their three souls and seven souls or complete souls enter the ghost world, so they continue to live here as another existence, although they It is indeed still alive, but it is already the body of a soul, and resurrection is almost impossible.

In the human world, once a human being dies, if the three souls and seven souls or the complete soul body enters the ghost world, they will be judged to have fallen completely.

"Gulugulu!" The extremely strange black air just touched the ice cage, and was immediately purified by the ice cage!

"Strange thing..."

"Why can't this ice cage be cracked?" Hun Wuya also shook his head, obviously using all his strengths, but still there was no way.

"What the **** is this ice cage?" Hun Wuya couldn't help frowning. Obviously, the ice cage that protects the undead leaves is quite powerful, and even his 2-star Dou Xian perfection cannot be cracked.

"Forget it, let's go first." After a struggle, nothing changed, and then Hun Wuya carefully put away the ice cage, and then prepared to escape from here.

"Why are you leaving in such a hurry?" Just when Soul Wuya just put away the undead leaf ice cage, when he was about to leave, he suddenly felt that this space was filled with an extremely violent flame force. The terrifying power vaguely made Soul Wuya feel a little uneasy.

Soul Wuya, as one of the twelve souls of the ghost kingdom, naturally uses a spooky ghost energy, and Xiao Yan uses the core inscription of the divine life to cast the formation, adding the power of the holy flame, and wants to deal with a wounded The completion of the two-star fighting immortals naturally has the power of a battle. After all, Shengyan is the nemesis of ghosts.

"who!"

"Sneaky... Get out for this deity!" The next moment, feeling the huge flame aura, Hun Wuya's face hidden under the black robe couldn't help grimace, and let out a loud cry.

Now that I am full of scars, if I go down here, I am afraid I will be consumed by this guy. After all, the flame on this guy is too powerful!

"Leave the undead leaves to keep you safe." Xiao Yan said condescendingly while standing in his own formation.

The space here has been surrounded by the formation formed by the core inscription of his own divine movement, and he has also injected the power of holy flames. In this formation, his strength has undoubtedly been enhanced a lot, and the soulless cliff The strength has been weakened too much, not to mention that he is now seriously injured.

"Hahaha."

"One Star Fighting Immortal's ~ also want to touch the undead leaves. I think you are talking about a dream." Although Soul Wuya was injured, but forcibly supported the injury in the body so that no one could find out, and directly faced the Xiao Yan said disdainfully.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The gap between the Dou Xian powerhouses is not a little bit. Even if Soul Wuya is injured now, trying to kill Xiao Yan in the early stage of the One Star Dou Xian is as simple as squeezing an ant. This is the absolute crushing of strength. pressure.

"Look at the move!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan also did not give Soul Wuya any chance to counterattack. Blue-yellow flames appeared all over his body, and the Eternal Fire Heng Ancient Ruler behind the figure was instantly removed. burst out from the formation.

"This guy has such a terrifying flame energy..."

"Why have I never seen it before..." Although Hun Wuya was proud, he did not dare to take it lightly in the face of the mysterious blue-yellow flame power on Xiao Yan's body, and a dark ghostly energy emerged from his body, trying to resist.

"Boom!" Yihuo Heng ancient ruler with overwhelming breath, suddenly attacked in front of Soul Wuya, and the blue-yellow flame on the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler was touching the ghost energy of Soul Wuya. At that time, there was a sound of joy, and in an instant, the ghostly energy that the Soulless Cliffs used to resist Xiao Yan's attack actually collapsed!

At the same time, Hun Wuya's face also became extremely ugly, and the corners of his dry mouth couldn't help but emerge: "How is it possible..."

"It's actually the power of holy flame..."

End of this chapter