Chapter Vol 4 1368: Thunderpool Guardian

"Boom boom boom!"

"No, no, no!" A scream was continuously passed from the phantom pupil green robe.

"Fast back!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and suddenly brought many strong men and rushed towards the lake below.

"No, no, no!" After screaming, the green-robed phantom pupil body suddenly became illusory, and all of a sudden, a stream of white light spots burst out of his body, facing the The countless powerhouses under control rushed away.

"Weng Om!" The many powerhouses who were still in the slaughter returned to their bodies in the light spot, and the expressions in their pupils slowly recovered, the evil on their bodies also weakened directly, and they fell directly into a coma. past.

"Fall." The next moment, Xiao Yan waved his hand, grabbed the phantom pupil that was on the verge of collapse, and projected it into the purgatory formation.

"How can it be!"

"impossible!"

"How could you escape the control of my phantom pupil!" The evil power on the body continued to drain, and then the phantom pupil was filled with unwilling voices, echoing throughout the purgatory formation.

"Nothing is impossible."

"The Great Thousand World is not something that outsiders in your area can set foot on."

"It's better to go back as soon as possible." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and then the holy flame crystal in his hand suddenly flashed some bright rays of light, directly suppressing it.

"In that case... let's fall together!" The next moment, Huan Tong's voice was full of madness, and it resounded directly in the purgatory formation.

"Sanctuary of Light!" At the next moment, there was a soft light on Liu Qing's body, flashing the whole sky, and in an instant, the evil power in Phantom Tong's body was completely suppressed while dissipating.

"Holy Flame, kill the evil!"

"Illusory pupil, it's over!" Xiao Yan's majestic voice filled the entire purgatory formation. Immediately, the dazzling light-based fighting skills and the power of holy flames blasted away directly at the weakened Phantom pupil.

"Bang bang bang!" A very special voice kept squirming, and then the green robe slowly became obvious, revealing a green energy body, but before there was time to make any move, it was completely destroyed by Er Gu's holy light.

"Huhuhu... It's over..." A group of strong people below couldn't help but look at the two figures of Xiao Yan and Liu Qing in the sky. At this time, the two of them undoubtedly existed like gods.

"This guy... he really likes to be a hero." The sisters of the Yu family laughed slowly from below, and there was a very gratifying smile in their voices.

"Hahaha."

"Success!"

"You two, throw away the bodies of Mu Xiao and Xue Jing, and let them kill us just now. Now they are temporarily in a coma, and some of them suffer..." The powerhouse below looked at each other in dismay. The feeling of being reborn after a catastrophe is even more gratifying.

"Cough cough..." After Xiao Yan finished all this, his body fell directly towards the bottom uncontrollably.

"I still underestimate the power of this guy's pupil technique." The reason why Xiao Yan was not under the control of the green phantom pupil just now was largely because of Sheng Yan. In fact, Xiao Yan was also gambling. Great, after all, Xiao Yan has the confidence to approach the green phantom pupil without being controlled, but he only has the power of one blow, but simply, in the end, combined with the full power of the Three Fist of Fortune and the Holy Flame, he still completely obliterated this guy.

"Big hero." Seeing this, Liu Qing walked towards the place where Xiao Yan fell, hugged Xiao Yan's body, and smiled with a flushed face.

"Everyone, let's cultivate first. The evil power in the bodies of the other contestants under control should have disappeared. As long as they wake up, we will immediately enter the Thunder Pond." The two of Xiao Yan slowly fell to the ground and smiled at the crowd.

"Sir Xiao Yan, I have a good medicine pill, please use..."

"I have a good healing method, do you want to try it, my lord?"

"..." Although he was embarrassed, of course, he was reborn after the catastrophe, so that everyone did not have the kind of competition in the third stage.

"Wong buzzing."

"I didn't expect that among the contestants this time, there was a pervert who actually killed the able-bodied general I was sitting down." In a dark space, the three figures slowly squirmed, and suddenly one of them endured He kept talking.

"The bandaged white puppet is probably too bad." Another strong man also said.

"It doesn't matter, as long as we get the thing in the Lei Tomb forbidden area, we will naturally have the power to take revenge. When the time comes, the old and new hatred will be counted together." The leader of them said.

"Having said that, but I still need to come down and see what's going on." As soon as the voice fell, the phantom master immediately closed his eyes and calmed down, and then slowly poured his own power into the void.

"Weng Om!" In the depths of the Lei Ling Mountains, the Illusory Eye was originally defeated, and the rare liveliness has resumed here, but at this moment, the sky is suddenly condensed by thunderstorms, and waves of extremely evil fluctuations keep squirming out. .

"Be careful, there are enemies!" Everyone was recovering their strength when they defeated Illusory Eyes, but Yun Qi did not come back. Instead, seeing the kind of change in the sky, Xiao Yan's face changed greatly, and he exclaimed.

This wave of fluctuations is exactly the same evil wave as Phantom Eyes, but its aura is much more tyrannical than Phantom Eyes!

"what happened?"

"Isn't the Thunder Tomb forbidding the entry of the four-star Fighting Immortal powerhouse... How could it be?" Mu Ge also frowned, staring at the rare evil thundercloud in the sky, and couldn't help saying.

"It seems that this extraterritorial evil clan is prepared." Duo Qifeiyu touched the silver lines on the eyebrows slightly with his hand. If he had to, this was the only way.

"Who, kill my ghostly clansman?" A soft voice that was enough to make the energy of heaven and earth lose its balance, slowly echoed out, and the blood cloud of heaven and earth rolled in an instant

"The supreme power of the Nether Fantasy Clan." Xiao Yan also frowned. It was obvious that he had just used up too much power to defeat the Magic Eye.

"Humph."

"Illusory Venerable is coming, and you won't make a sound?" And when the entire space was filled with Xeon oppression, on the calm lake, a giant beast with a shadow slowly appeared Ming Linglei Jiao, you are not dead yet..." Looking at the huge creature that suddenly appeared, the evil aura in the sky also burst into surprise.

"Huan Zun, an old opponent."

"Although you have dispatched your entire clan to invade our Forge Sword Thunder Valley Thunder Tomb, we are all old rivals. This time, you are also destined to end like the Soul Burning Clan." The aura of the huge creatures is not weak at all. Heaven and earth.

"Hahaha."

"Lei Tomb has been completely banned by us."

"And do you really think we're so flippant?"

"We are just pawns... This time, you Dongzhou will surely perish."

"Next time, when we meet, it's time to count the new hatred and the old hatred together." After the evil voice finished speaking, it slowly disappeared, and the world was returning to normal.

. m.