Chapter Vol 4 1682: Devour the undead fire, open!

"Bang bang bang!"

"Ah hoo hoo!" The heart-piercing roar resounded throughout the void.

In the void, there is nothing but a man wrapped in dark red shackles of ice silk. He slowly raised his palms and probed into the mass of gray magma in front of him.

"I sue..." Xiao Yan noticed that the source of the undead fire was too cunning, and it was beating continuously.

"No, it can't be dragged on like this, otherwise once the power of the undead leaves is exhausted, I'm afraid this time, it will only end in failure." Seeing the dark red undead leaves above the palm of his hand, Xiao Yan said solemnly. .

He knew that without the protection of the undead leaves, it would be quite difficult to approach the undead magma, let alone swallow it.

"This time, get out of here for me!" In an instant, the countless soul powers in Xiao Yan's body surged like a vast ocean, and even his body was spinning at high speed. The huge power instantly enveloped Xiao Yan, making Xiao Yan's breath pushed to the top.

"Crack!" With a sound, the gray light spot inside the gray magma was suddenly shaken by Xiao Yan's tyrannical force, and in a brief moment of daze, it was directly caught by Xiao Yan, and the place returned to calm immediately.

"Huhuhu." Grabbing the gray light spot, Xiao Yan's palm directly pulled out from the gray magma with the momentum of thunder, and the undead leaves, which had already consumed most of the time, burst out with extreme cold power, destroying the source of the undead fire. The spot of light, completely wrapped, is so, Xiao Yan's arm is also stiff, if it erodes into the undead fire magma for a long time, then I am afraid that the end...

The source light spot of the immortal fire is quite small, only about the size of a firefly, but it is this small light spot that contains enough power to destroy the sky and destroy the earth. The gap in it is heart-pounding.

"Sisi." He pulled out his palm, the dark red undead leaves had already consumed most of it, and there was even a strong burnt smell on Xiao Yan's palm, which was extremely pungent. Xiao Yan was tightly bound.

"This holy flame is too strong, isn't it?" Looking at the gray spot of light in the palm of his hand, wrapped in dark red undead leaves, and looking at the black lacquer appearance on his palm, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel black. String.

Even with the protection of many holy flames and undead leaves, capturing the source of the undead fire would take so much trouble. Just imagine, if this was done without any protection, I am afraid that someone as strong as Xiao Yan would easily fall here.

"Weng buzzing!" At the same time, a prismatic crystal flashing with gray mysterious lines suddenly broke through the void and came to Xiao Yan.

"Finally... it's successful!" Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan was relieved and couldn't help laughing!

Finally succeeded!

In the beginning, Emperor Yan gave the immortal fire a prestige, so that the immortal fire could not have any opinion on him, but at that time, the holy flame crystal had not fallen off, obviously the immortal fire had not fully recognized Xiao Yan, and now Xiao Yan is submerged in the immortal fire magma Obtaining the true origin and obtaining the true recognition of the Undying Fire, Saint Yanjing came one after another.

"Undying fire." Xiao Yan's eyes became dull, and he looked at the gray light spot and the gray Saint Flame Crystal in disbelief.

The power of this undead fire is probably comparable to the sum of all the flames on his body, and once he devours the undead fire, not only will his strength be greatly improved, but even the burning and swallowing techniques will be increased. For Xiao Yan, it could not be better.

"It's not too late, let's do it!"

"It will definitely take a lot of time to devour the undead fire. I hope it can catch up with the Second World War, and... Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation." At the end of the sentence, Xiao Yan gently touched his chest with his palm, as if he was comforting something.

"Holy Flame Crystal!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and the other two Holy Flame Crystals were instantly collected into the sea of ​​fighting qi, and their eyes were fixed on the gray Holy Flame Crystal.

On the gray holy flame crystal, a trace of gray lines appeared. Under these lines, there was a smear of gray liquid. The fluctuations in the liquid were the key to swallowing and absorbing the undead fire.

"Weng buzzing!" Gray Saint Yanjing noticed Xiao Yan's actions, and immediately responded to Xiao Yan with waves of waves.

"Come on." Without too much hesitation, Xiao Yan used all his strengths in his body, and his eyes sank immediately. Bing Xuandan and Sheng Yanjing, as well as the source of undead fire, floated in front of him together.

"Boom!" After a while, the surging soul power in Xiao Yan's body turned into a surging river, which instantly swallowed the gray holy flame crystals in.

"Weng buzzing!" The soul power just touched the gray holy flame crystal, and waves of Sanskrit sounds shook Xiao Yan's limbs, causing Xiao Yan to feel dizzy.

"This thing really isn't so easy to clean up... But!"

"Huangquan is angry!"

"You Mingtian is stunned!"

After resting, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and two tyrannical soul attacks roared directly at the holy flame crystal wrapped in the soul river. Those scenes can be described as appalling.

"Bang bang bang!" The soul ripples spread like a tide. At that time, the gray holy flame crystal swayed slightly, and traces of gray liquid flowed out of it, and then gathered in Xiao Yan's soul river.

"Success!"

"Gaze at the twin flame pupils!" Seeing that the gray holy flame crystal has released its supreme power, Xiao Yan immediately laughed at the corner of his mouth.

"Crash!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's two-color pupils filled with khaki-yellow cyan, with a strong destructive power, poured into the river of soul.

"Leave me in!" At this time, Xiao Yan's soul power, holy flame crystal liquid flame and soul holy flame pupil all entered, and this seemingly transparent soul river became turbulent, as if it would explode at any time~www. mtlnovel.com ~ hoo hoo! With a sound, the source of undead fire was also thrown into the soul river by Xiao Yan. In the blink of an eye, countless conspicuous cracks appeared in this soul river, as if it would be broken at any time. If this level of power exploded, I am afraid that this immortal holy Tan will completely turn into nothingness.

"Ice Profound Pill!" With a cold snort, Xiao Yan swallowed the pill with great difficulty, and bursts of mysterious and gentle power filled his body, and the threat of undead fire was suddenly greatly reduced.

"Success or failure, it's up to this time!" As soon as he finished speaking, relying on the many defenses formed by the Ice Profound Pill, Xiao Yan opened his mouth to breathe, and actually swallowed the soul river instantly!

"Crack!"

"Ah ah ah!"

"Roar!"

"Peng!" The soul river had just been swallowed, and waves of special power flowed around Xiao Yan's body, causing Xiao Yan's blue veins to burst, his face turned extremely pale, and even the corners of his mouth overflowed with blood, his breath became very sluggish, and he would fall at any time. .

However, after a while, Xiao Yan's aura became stronger and stronger, and it continued to transform from strength to weakness.

"..." In the Dome of Undying Fire, there was a dead silence, no one knew whether Xiao Yan would succeed or not, and no one knew how much time Xiao Yan needed.

"Little guy, success or failure is up to you."

"I hope you won't let down the trust of several holy flames in you. The future wars of heaven and earth will also depend on you." Outside the dome, little Zhuoma's jade hand gently stroked, and his forehead has returned to normal, but his jade hand is surrounded by it. The little beast exuded bursts of joy.

At this moment, the devouring of the undead fire is slowly going on, and many things are happening outside.