Chapter 650: 1 person vs 1 team

"I still haven't been able to reduce one person." Xiao Yan looked at the Qianzhang who was saved by Guanglu, and shook his head slightly.

The unexpected soul attack just now, in addition to the seven-fold sky-breaking ruler, Xiao Yan's purpose was to use the thunder method to reduce the dawn team by one person, but this terrifying attack did almost seriously injure the thousand feet, but was saved by Guanglu .

"I can't see that you are hiding quite deeply."

"It's no wonder that Wang Chen couldn't make a single round in your hands." Guang Lu pulled Qianzhang back slightly, and then the terrifying fluctuations all over his body instantly dissipated, and Xiao Yan's attack was easily deciphered.

But it doesn't mean that Xiao Yan's attack is not powerful, it's just that most of the remaining chi shadows of the Seventh Layer Breaking Sky Ruler have been consumed by attacking thousands of zhang, so it was so easily resolved by the light path.

"Captain, this kid is very strong." There are obvious burn marks on Qianzhang's burly body, and looking at Qianzhang's appearance, he clearly has pain.

"You shouldn't have been beaten like this by this kid..." Qianqiu came to Qianzhang, but no one knew better than himself about his brother, let alone strength, even if it was defense, he wouldn't be so easily beaten. defeated.

"I don't know, Xiao Yan seemed to have launched an attack just now, which made me think that my mind was shocked, and then I was taken advantage of by the shadows." Qianzhang stood up, shook his head and said.

"I think it should be a soul attack." Anli on the side opened his mouth slightly.

"Soul attack?" Guanglu was slightly surprised.

"Although there was only a little sense just now, I think I did find some fluctuations in Xiao Yan's body. It is most likely an attack from the soul power." Anli said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You are also an alchemist, and your soul power can't escape your eyesight. If this Xiao Yan used soul power, how could he escape your senses?" Guanglu naturally believed in his fiancee, Anli, but he wondered.

"Xiao Yan used his soul power to hide from the sky, there is only one possibility..."

"His soul power is stronger than mine. In other words, Xiao Yan is an alchemist who is more tyrannical than me." The dark crow also finds it incredible. He has just set foot on the emperor-rank first-grade alchemist or is his family and his fiancé Guanglu. It took a lot of effort to achieve this, how could Xiao Yan be stronger than himself.

"These guys..." Xiao Yan cast a helpless glance at the Dawning Team, who were discussing matters, feeling that they thought this was what their home looked like?

"To be honest, I'm also looking forward to how much challenge the Dawning Team can bring me..." Xiao Yan finished speaking, the spiritual power in the body continued to gather, the core inscription of the divine movement natal life kept shaking, sending out bursts of extremely obscure power. They are slowly wrapped up here.

"Forget it, let's do it, naturally catch Xiao Yan!" Guanglu also knew that Xiao Yan was by no means an ordinary person, but his Guanglu was by no means an ordinary person, so he could say.

"This time, let's see where you're going!" Among the five, Qianzhang's breath was slightly weaker. Both Qianzhang and Qianqiu were in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di. As for the other man, his name was Tan Shaoyang. A handsome and dashing man, his strength is also in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. In addition to Guanglu's completion of the Six-Star Dou Emperor and the late stage of Anli's Six-Star Dou Emperor's strength, the strength of this Dawn Team can not be underestimated!

"It's finally starting..." In fact, Xiao Yan was a little impatient waiting for them to wait. The few people who saw it launched an offensive, and immediately stretched their waists, dazzling flames emerged!

The Dawning Team and the strong Xiao Yan faced each other, and a big battle broke out in an instant!

"Qianzhang you are on the left, Qianqiu is on the right, Shaoyang you are responsible for containment, I am the main attack, Anli you assist!" The speed of the few people was extremely fast, and Guanglu said.

The five members of the Dawning team were not put together because they participated in the team competition at 0:00. They used to team up to hunt some monsters together and go out to practice together, so they cooperated quite well with each other.

"Humph!" A muffled groan sounded, and immediately beside Xiao Yan, five fighting spirits mixed with ferocious flames suddenly roared towards the five people!

"Boom boom boom!" The first to bear the brunt is the light path!

Guanglu raised his palm, and the dazzling white life force in his hand directly smashed Xiao Yan's flame Dou Qi training away. Xiao Yan was not at all surprised by this. Whoever, is tantamount to an idiot talking about a dream!

"Broken!" Anli Mei's eyes on the side moved slightly, and then the huge soul power instantly emerged, attacking the other four flames with fighting qi!

The next moment, Anli's soul power directly cracked Xiao Yan's attacks.

"The level of this soul power is probably just stepping into the emperor's realm." Xiao Yan saw the realm of Anli's soul power at a glance, and naturally guessed that Anli was an alchemist.

"Boy, eat my palm!" Xiao Yan's figure moved quickly, but Tan Shaoyang appeared in front of Xiao Yan like a ghost, and then the corner of his mouth grinned. Terrorist attacks come to life!

"Great Heaven's Fortune Palm!" Xiao Yan was naturally unwilling to be outdone, he slightly flipped the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand, and immediately above the palm of his hand, the same terrifying force was born in an instant!

"Boom boom boom!" The two attacks had just been born, and immediately a circle of substantial flame ripples erupted, spreading out everywhere.

"This wave... it's Xiao Yan!" A few thousand meters away from Xiao Yan and the others, Mu Yingying and her group slowly appeared, and then Mu Yingying suddenly opened her eyes and said.

"Xiao Yan should have encountered an enemy, we must go to support him." Mu Yingying had just finished speaking, and there was a sign of going.

"No, we've already come here. We're here to wait for the rabbits. After getting a wooden token, we can enter the Five Elements Mountain Range to hunt and kill the Five Elements beasts. Going to rescue Xiao Yan now will only waste our time." Lingxuan on the side slightly Dissatisfied, Xiao Yan's arrogant and unreasonable appearance was in his mind.

"If you don't go, you can stay." Mu Yingying said softly, and then she was too lazy to talk nonsense, and ran quickly. After all, it is impossible to fly in Luoling Mountain due to mysterious restrictions.

"You!" Ling Xuan was slightly angry when she saw that Mu Yingying ignored her words, and then looked at Mu Feng and the two beside her Are you going too? "Ling Xuan said in a questioning tone.

"We are a team, and it is impossible to leave any of them."

"We also really want to win the first place in this game, but I think teammates are more important than the first place, because I believe that if I were besieged by others, Xiao Yan would definitely be the first to save me." Mu Feng said slightly.

"Are you going to save him?"

"Do you know who besieged him?"

"That's the Dawning Team. There are six-star Dou Di Perfectionists leading the team. You're just going to die in vain!" Ling Xuan said with some red eyes.

Since it's a competition, is it wrong to want to be first?

"You are not suitable for our team, let alone the game."

"You'd better go back to the underground hall and be your little princess." Mu Feng just ran to chase after Mu Yingying, and the last green flute said slightly.

After speaking, the green flute also left Lingxuan and ran towards Xiao Yan.

"Dad, what is friendship?"

"Friendship is when others will cut their teeth for your safety."

"Then what is love?"

"Love...I'm willing to give up the whole world for you..." Ling Xuan's pupils were slightly moist, and some words from her father kept echoing in her mind, as if there was something in the heart of this little princess loose.

Ask for tickets!