Chapter Vol 4 1234: Devour the fighting spirit!

"Tsk tsk tsk."

"The temperature of this blood pool is really terrifying. If it weren't for the protection of the holy flame, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to bear it for long." Xiao Yan took off his clothes and slowly immersed in the blood pool, feeling the blood pool's different from ordinary people. High temperature, open the mouth.

This place is said to be a blood pond, but in fact it contains some clear and transparent water, but just after Xiao Yan soaked it, a burning sensation of burning came instantly.

It seems clear and transparent, but it is actually burning hot. The blood pool is well deserved.

"According to what the master said, I should first devour the fighting spirit, and use the power of the fighting spirit to be more confident in the following things. Then I will melt the earth dragon blood crystal into the blood pool, so that the body can better absorb the earth dragon. The power of blood crystals, so as to cultivate the nine transformations of the Dragon God!" Xiao Yan endured the inhuman burning sensation in the blood pool, and carefully recalled what the Soul Eater had explained to him before.

"I don't know if this fighting spirit will allow me to break through to the one-star fighting immortal." Xiao Yan muttered, and then without hesitation, his pupils closed suddenly, facing the fighting spirit stored in the sea of ​​fighting qi in his body.

Ever since it was sealed in the Dou Qi Sea by Xiao Yan, the undead Mingque had quietly turned into a piece of paper, nothing was wrong. At this time, Xiao Yan's huge soul power had just poured into the Dou Qi Sea. The undead Mingque seemed to have found something, and wriggled slightly.

"Senior, how offended." Xiao Yan muttered silently in his heart, and then without hesitation, the dazzling soul force directly transported the piece of paper that sealed the immortal ghost to the top of the blood pool.

"What a pure energy." Xiao Yan looked at the piece of paper that sealed the undead ghost, and a trace of pure power flowed out. He couldn't help but his greedy face floated a few times.

This piece of light group paper was originally given to him for sealing by helping Cang Key defeat the Nether Kings, but the effect of the sealing is really unremarkable.

"The seal...Break!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan didn't have any extra thoughts, and the dazzling soul wave slowly moved towards the seal light group. At that time, the tyrannical seal suddenly showed a trace of cracks, and it didn't take long. , a clicking sound slowly emerged.

"Hehehe, boy, we meet again." At the next moment, a gloomy laughter slowly emerged.

"Senior Immortal Mingque." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was not overly surprised, but said calmly. After all, if Immortal Mingque was not willing to follow him and actively find a way to seal himself in the sea of ​​fighting qi, I am afraid Xiao Yan No fighting spirit yet.

"It's only been so long, I didn't expect your strength to reach the middle stage of the One Star Fighting Immortal." Immortal Mingque just appeared, and immediately turned into a red-robed man, staring at Xiao Yan and said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"To tell the truth, this time to summon the senior, it is necessary to devour the fighting spirit to strengthen oneself." Xiao Yan said.

"Okay, for a while, you can directly use the power of holy flame to erase my spiritual wisdom and extract my origin. When you devour the origin, you will have the power of my undead ghost fighting soul." Undying ghost red robe The man didn't seem to be worried at all, and said slightly.

"Senior, you..." And looking at the undead Mingque who didn't struggle at all, Xiao Yan was a little helpless. Obviously, why did this guy agree so easily?

When others devour the fighting spirit, they go to great lengths to reduce the fighting spirit's resistance. It's better that this undead ghost, without any resistance, even a trace of... happy?

"Ahem...it's getting late, hurry up, be a big man, mother-in-law, mother-in-law." Seeing Xiao Yan in a sluggish state, Immortal Mingque directly laughed and scolded.

The reason why the immortal Mingque was so eager was because he saw Xiao Yan's potential.

Xiao Yan possessed holy flames, and the exercises he practiced must also be Fen Jue. In addition to his age, he possesses such tyrannical strength, so his future achievements may also be...

As for Fen Jue, many supernatural beings are vaguely aware that by cultivating this technique, their future achievements are limitless.

Although the fighting spirit was swallowed and turned into a part of Xiao Yan, if Xiao Yan broke through the level of fighting immortals, he would undoubtedly be able to gain a new life without dying!

In fact, the immortal Mingque is also gambling. Once Xiao Yan can break through Dou Xian in the future, then he will follow suit, but if he can't, I am afraid that his end will be the same as Xiao Yan, and he will not be able to escape.

But in the final analysis, they are all earned by the undead. After all, these creatures, whether they are beasts, spirit beasts, or even fighting spirits, their strength increases with the increase of time, even if they do not practice, they will survive for a long time. Yes, the strength is also rising.

But the extremes turn against them. Their tyrannical strength will lead to divine condemnation. From Dou Xian to nine stars, every time they break through a star, they will attract a divine condemnation. The divine condemnation is tyrannical again and again, and the so-called divine condemnation is more than the Dou Xian. The robbery is more tyrannical.

Immortal Mingque just broke through Dou Xian and survived a scourge. At that time, even with the help of Cang Key and others, he almost fell. All kinds of undead Mingque are eager to turn into Xiao Yan's fighting spirit. The fighting soul of human beings does not need to experience the scourge any more, but at best they have lost their freedom and wisdom.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, and the bright blue-yellow flame instantly filled his fingertips, and then slowly wrapped around the piece of paper that sealed the immortal sparrow.

"Wow!" The immortal dwarf bird was entangled by such a hot and sacred flame, and the red-robed man's body disappeared instantly, thus revealing his body. The undead dwarf bird, which was as huge as a hundred meters in size, gave Xiao Yan a touch with just a glance. heavy.

And the undead ghost that showed its body was roasted by Xiao Yan's sacred holy flame There was a trace of fiery red all over its body, and even a trace of gray flame was emitted from the heart, and that gray flame, unexpectedly It can't stand still with Xiao Yan's blue-yellow flames!

To be with, Xiao Yan's blue-yellow flame is the fusion product of two holy flames, the 35th ranked Fire Heart Sky Rock and the 24th ranked Ghost Face Soul Flame, both of which are afraid of the gray color of this undead ghost. The flame is enough to show that the undead fire, which is related to the undead ghost, is powerful.

"Little guy...I hope you won't let me down." After a while, only a trace of spiritual wisdom left in the undead Mingque was directly refined by Xiao Yan's holy flame, leaving the last trace of voice in the space. .

"Pfft." With a sound, all the spiritual wisdom of the Undead Underworld Sparrow was dissipated by it, and then an Undying Underworld Sparrow covered in fiery red slowly stood in front of Xiao Yan.

At this time, the immortal ghost bird does not have any intelligence, it is like a dead thing, and there is only that huge and pure power.

"Congratulations to send off the seniors." Xiao Yan looked at the undead Mingque like this, and he also respected the undead Mingque in his heart.

"Let's get started!" The next moment, after waiting for the immortal bird's intelligence to dissipate, Xiao Yan spoke slowly, with a touch of excitement in his voice!

Fighting spirit!

After swallowing the fighting spirit, it is impossible to increase Xiao Yan's strength, and even his combat power will skyrocket after possessing the fighting spirit!

Originally, Xiao Yan's combat power was extremely terrifying. If he had a fighting spirit, he would probably become a mobile destroyer!