Chapter Vol 4 1370: Opportunity in the depths of the Thunder Pond!

"This...is the inner space of Thunder Pond, it's really vast and boundless." Xiao Yan looked at the boundless plain around him and couldn't help but said.

"I just don't know where Lei Chi is?" Xiao Yan and Mu Ge took the lead in breaking through the light curtain and suddenly came to a different space, and couldn't help but say.

This is an open space inside the Thunder Pond. On the open space, traces of the power of thunder continue to emerge, but it is obviously not a real Thunder Pond. At best, it can only be regarded as a void with some power of thunder.

"What do you see above?" The next moment, the voice of the pastoral song said slowly.

"That's..." Xiao Yan raised his head abruptly when he heard the words, and saw an extremely wriggling hundred-zhang thunderbolt of light directly above the ground under the two of them, constantly wriggling, and the fluctuations emanating from it, even with their strength , but also the emergence of waves of fear.

The thunder light group kept squirming, and then a trace of thunder power continued to emerge from it.

"Could this thunder light group be the entrance to the Void Thunder Pond?" Xiao Yan also had a bold idea when he noticed the generation of thunder. The ground is this thunder light group, so it is very easy to judge.

"Go in and take a look?" Mu Ge also nodded. At this time, they had no choice but to take a step and take a look.

"It seems that the two of you are not as strong, and your hearts are also extremely sharp." The next moment, Ming Ling Lei Jiao was transformed into a white-haired old man and appeared in front of the two.

"Senior." When the two saw this, they were overjoyed and stopped moving. After all, this old guy knew the Void Thunder Pond better than them.

"This is the inner space of the Thunder Pond, and it can be regarded as a shelter. The real Thunder Pond entrance is the void above you can see now."

"The Void Thunder Pond is full of mystery, but it is extremely dangerous. Even I don't dare to go deep into the core area." Mingling Lei Jiao said slightly, but even when he mentioned the Void Thunder Pond, there was a burst of fear in his heart. , Obviously, there should be something terrifying in this Void Thunder Pond.

"Really?" The two of them were naturally happy when they heard the words, because the two also had their own thoughts. This Void Thunder Pond has various benefits, not only to improve their strength, but also to help them strengthen. physical strength, so both are extremely happy.

"Naturally it's true..."

"However, there is a great opportunity in this Void Thunder Pond." At the next moment, a sly smile appeared on the corner of Mingling Lei Jiao's mouth.

"Big chance?" For some reason, after Mingling Lei Jiao said these few words, Xiao Yan was not surprised, and an uneasy thought emerged. He looked up at the void thunder pool above, extremely puzzled.

"In the depths of the Thunder Pond, it is said that there is a big chance, and this chance is enough to make you reborn." The voice of the Mingling Lei Jiao emerged.

"What's the big chance?" Mu Ge couldn't help but ask aloud, there are foreign evil clans to deal with outside, and because he lost to Xiao Yan, he naturally wanted Guangming to defeat Xiao Yan and avenge Xuehen, so he heard The word chance can't help but get excited.

"That chance was left here by a certain senior, and it can only be obtained by those who are destined, so no one has touched it for thousands of years." Mingling Lei Jiao's voice was full of pity, and he said slightly.

"Oh?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan immediately became interested. Obviously, although he intuitively told himself that this was extremely dangerous, if it could increase his strength, why not do it.

"The chance is in the depths of the Void Thunder Pond. Whether you can find it or not depends on your respective fortunes."

"But remember, even if you don't find an opportunity, you can use the power of thunder to temper your body in the thunder pool, and you can have some unexpected effects." The old man Mingling Lei Jiao instructed.

"Thunder Tempering... It seems that the second transformation of the Dragon God's Nine Transformations can also be started..." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing as he looked at the dazzling Void Thunder Pond in the sky.

"In that case, then you can enter separately." After the old man Mingling Lei Jiao finished speaking, he directly waved his hand to spread the two apart, and then projected it towards the Thunder Pond.

"Duan Qi's three girls have also entered for some time. I hope someone can find that opportunity. It is also worthy of me guarding the Void Thunder Pond for so many years."

"Chichi!" The old man had just thrown it into the void thunder pool, and the picture suddenly changed, and darkness emerged in my heart. In the darkness, hurricanes whizzed past my ears, and Xiao Yan's eyes bulged slightly, using his soul power. Through these hurricanes, it can be vaguely discovered that at the end of the void thunder pool, there seems to be a steady stream of gray light beams. The gray light beams have just been generated, and they suddenly run around towards the void thunder pool. The violent energy contained in them, Stunning.

"It's really worthy of being a Void Thunder Pond." Xiao Yan also muttered when he noticed this scene, and then did not dare to neglect, the dazzling fighting qi directly formed a fiery red light shield on his body. After this, the power of thunder was only suppressed. weakened a lot.

"This is only the outermost periphery. If you want to find a cultivation place, I'm afraid you will have to waste some time." The next moment, Xiao Yan's soul power also basically had a general understanding of this Void Thunder Pond, which is like a maze. The huge palace, as for the opportunity mentioned by the underworld spirit Lei Jiao, is probably stored in the center of the labyrinth.

"Hey, is this scary?"

"Would you like to get that chance from the mouth of Mingling Lei Jiao?" The next moment, Soul Eater's voice full of laughter slowly emerged.

"Master, do you know?" Xiao Yan originally planned to practice first. After all, with his current strength, after several battles with foreign evil races, and the practice of Void Thunder Pond, it is not difficult to break through the late two-star Douxian stage, but listen At the voice of Soul Eater, Xiao Yan also laughed That's natural..."

"Anyway, this chance can't be yours. It's useless to force it. It's better to be a favored person. I don't think you can take the opportunity to drink soup." Soul Eater's eyes flickered with an eerie and eerie light, and he kept talking to him. Leaving in the Void Thunder Pond, it seems to be looking for something.

However, what makes Xiao Yan feel strange, the power of thunder in this void thunder pool, but even the four-star fighting immortals feel the scalp tingling, how can his master be like a normal person...

"not mine?"

"Finally?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be at a loss.

"Let's go, if you want to find this opportunity, you have to find Duqi Fei Nanzi first." As soon as the voice fell, the Soul Eater turned into a beam of light, directly leading Xiao Yan's way, facing the Void Thunder Pond. Somewhere in the void.

At the same time, at the core of the Void Thunder Pond, there is something that slowly wakes up.

Mobile version update fastest URL: