Chapter Vol 4 1195: Ambush in the middle, the world of forbidden sources!

"This village shouldn't be easy." As Xiao Yan smelled the aura of the evil race outside the territory with the power of Sheng Yan, the whole person became vigilant.

Xiao Yan knows that Sheng Yan has been the nemesis of the evil tribes from the ancient times, and he has as many as three holy flames in his body. If the evil tribes know about it, they will definitely destroy themselves at all costs.

All things are born, and they have their own mutual restraints, so Xiao Yan always felt that there seemed to be some way of restraining the power of Saint Yan from this extraterritorial evil clan.

With the addition of the Gorefiends they encountered before, the entire race was completely wiped out by Xiao Yan in Xuantian Santian, but the ranking of the Gorefiends among the extraterritorial evil races seemed to be at the bottom. In the Eastern Continent, if encountering a foreign evil clan, their strength must be much stronger than the blood demon clan, which is why Xiao Yan is so cautious.

"Little brother, are you alright?" Everyone came to a few hundred meters away from Shawu Village. Suddenly Xiao Yan's figure stood still, and the other three also stopped. Shuiyue took the lead and said to Xiao Yan. .

"fine."

"However, there seems to be some unrest in this village, everyone be careful." Following Shuiyue's words, Xiao Yan said quite freely.

"This guy..." As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, Liu Qing's beautiful eyes moved slightly and couldn't help but look at Xiao Yan.

Just after arriving in front of the village, Liu Qing immediately used the treasures on his body to discover some hidden auras in the village, but this Xiao Yan was able to find something unusual at a glance, which had to be said of his Soul power is too strong.

"Let's go."

"Shawu Village and our Hawkeye team are old friends. Let's go and ask about it first." Shuiyue didn't seem worried, and stepped directly into it.

When everyone heard the words, they followed closely.

"Old village chief." Shuiyue had just poured into the territory of Shawu Village, and suddenly shouted at it.

When Shuiyue called out like this, it was surprisingly quiet, as if there was no one in the village.

"My friends, are you here?" As soon as Shuiyue's voice fell, in the only beautiful wooden house in the Shawu Village, a middle-aged man accompanied an old man and walked slowly away come out.

"En?" How sharp is Xiao Yan's soul power. When the old village chief just came out of the wooden house, his brows were clearly furrowed, as if he was thinking about something, but after he left the wooden house, he laughed. Xiao Yan couldn't help but speculate about the evil race.

"Interesting, I want to see what medicine you sell in the gourd!" Xiao Yan said with a slight smile in his heart, so he kept silent and followed behind Shuiyue.

"Shuiyue, are you here?"

"The timing of your visit this time is just right. In a few days, it will be time for the entrance to open." The old village chief smiled directly, and then quickly greeted Shuiyue.

"That's right." Shuiyue laughed when she heard the words.

"Old village chief, these are some local specialties." The next moment, Jade Xiaoye stepped forward gently, and a few Nativity rings flashed out.

"I have thanked everyone in the Hawkeye team."

"Everyone, please, have a cup of tea first." When the old village chief saw this, there was a hint of hesitation in his eyes.

Their Shawu Village is remote, and the products produced in Guangguang Village cannot meet their daily expenses. Since they got to know the Eagle Eye Team, the Eagle Eye Team will bring them a lot of supplies every time they pass by. , In return, the clansmen of Shawu Village will give the Hawkeye Squad enough information and the entrance to Icefire Island.

"Old village chief, our captain has gone to get the items that entered the Ice and Fire Island. We are in a hurry, let's go and see the entrance first." Shuiyue also opened the skylight and said eloquently.

"Okay, everyone, please come with me." The old village chief immediately took the lead when he heard the words.

"It's too quiet, there are only two people in this village?"

"These guys, something is not right."

"Be careful for a while." Xiao Yan said to the other three using his soul power, and then the old village chief led Xiao Yan and the four slowly through the building by the sea, and then came to a circle with a size of 100 meters. altar.

"The location of the Ice and Fire Island is that it will appear in the center of the altar, and there will be no mistakes every time." The old village chief pointed to a sunken hole in the center of the altar.

"Let's go in and have a look." Shuiyue heard the words without hesitation, and went straight with everyone, but he didn't notice that as soon as the words fell, the old village chief's eyes were very wrong, and he did not follow them in. In the altar, but on the edge of the altar.

In order to prevent the old village chief from discovering something about him, Xiao Yan also followed, but at this time Xiao Yan's huge soul power and fighting spirit were always ready, and if anything went wrong, he would immediately take action.

"What is this..." Shuiyue just came to the center of the altar, and she looked down at the hollow, but saw a rather hideous black ghost.

Just looking at it like this made Shuiyue feel like a formidable enemy, and she couldn't help shouting loudly.

"No, hurry up!"

"Susu." Before Shuiyue's voice could be heard, the shadowy shadow under the void rushed out in an instant, and a strange black gas that was extremely dark suddenly spread out. One breath took the entire time. The altar is surrounded by death.

And with the pervasiveness of this strange black qi, everyone felt that their fighting qi became weak in an instant!

"Old village chief, you..." A hint of disbelief appeared on Shuiyue's face when she noticed this scene.

"We have already done things for you, and we will not care about our business." After the old village chief finished speaking, his figure flashed and disappeared directly here.

At this moment, this Shawu Village can be regarded as truly empty, and I am afraid that its clan has been secretly sent away by the old village chief.

"Susu."

"Gulugulu." An extremely evil black breath and voice continued to emerge from this ~ This bastard! "Shuiyue couldn't help cursing.

However, after scolding and scolding, the hand still did not stop. Shuiyue knew that of the four of them, only her own strength reached the two-star Dou Xian. If she failed, I am afraid the other three.

"Susu."

"Feel the embrace of death." But the huge ghost was shrouded in the black air of the altar, making a treacherous voice.

"Ah ah ah!" As the shadowy voice fell, the other three suddenly made a rather strange sound.

"This is……"

"The Realm of Forbidden Source..." and felt that the shadow did not obliterate their intentions, but their strength, in the enchantment created by the black shadow, dropped a full rank in an instant. !

Shuiyue was originally in the early stage of two-star Dou Xian, but at this time it was only in the early stage of one-star Dou Xian. As for the two girls, Yu Xiaoye and Liu Qing, the original one-star Dou Xian strength was actually suppressed to the level of Dou Di!

"Shabu Shabu!"

"It's okay." However, Xiao Yan's figure was not imprisoned by this thing at this time. Obviously, the dual defense of vindictive energy and soul power he just made had an effect, and his expression was full of pride.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

I am Emperor Yan, who is in charge of the Lord of Ten Thousand Fires, how can I see the evil clan from outside the region!

The majestic fighting spirit permeated from the bottom of Xiao Yan's heart.

End of this chapter