Chapter 453: Probe memory, core!

"Bastard, I didn't expect this woman to be the deputy leader of the Charming Snake tribe among the nine major tribes of the Medusa family..."

"No wonder he has the strength of the eight-star Dou Di in the early stage, I should have thought of that..." Mu Chenfeng blamed himself.

There are nine major tribes of the Medusa family, each tribe has a leader and a deputy leader, and the strength of the two is extremely terrifying.

As soon as the words fell, Mu Chenfeng didn't have time to think about it, his whole body was full of vindictive energy, because what Mu Chenfeng was in front of at this moment was the pink power that passed by his handprint of wind-inspecting hand energy!

This pink power suddenly emerged from Mei Ye's pupils.

Although I don't know why, but since Mu Chenfeng's pupils stared at the pink power, a trembling from the depths of his soul suddenly appeared in Mu Chenfeng's heart!

"damn it……"

"What kind of power is this... Dou Qi is not obeying..." Mu Chenfeng cursed secretly!

It's just that no matter how Mu Chenfeng swears, the vindictive energy in his body seems to have lost his control, and the only thing that can be mobilized... is only 30% of the power!

Mu Chenfeng, who was in the middle stage of the Eight Star Dou Emperor, knew that if he could only mobilize 30% of his strength to resist Mei Ye's full-strength blow, then it would be tantamount to hitting a stone with an egg.

"I didn't expect it to be Mei Ye, the deputy leader of the Mei Ye tribe. It's really fate." Just as Mu Chenfeng felt a wave of death permeating his heart, he just wanted to show his desperate means, and a big hand instantly placed on Mu Chen. Above Feng's shoulders, a majestic breath appeared, a black and white vindictive aura, instantly dispelling the pink vindictiveness in front of him.

"Douxian?" Mei Ye exclaimed, a wave of fear flooded through his heart.

Because the moment this voice appeared, the aura in Mei Ye's body trembled faintly!

This kind of fear only comes from the absolute suppression of strength!

On the other hand, Mei Ye was not feeling well. The attack strength of the wind judges that Mu Chenfeng displayed was probably as strong as the full-strength attack of a mid-stage eight-star Dou Di. Her pupils condensed slightly, and then A terrifying power emerged in an instant, and with an all-out blow, the energy fingerprint was smashed abruptly!

"Time is running out, so don't waste time." The old man who was approaching slowly spoke up.

But beside the old man, there was a woman behind him.

The next moment, a terrifying force that made the small world around the city wall tremble instantly spread out from the old man's body!

The person here is the deputy head of the Dragon-loving Legion, Ye Mo!

A rank five rank nine-star Dou Di powerhouse!

"Damn it!" Mei Yebei bit her lips slightly, and then her red lips were tightly closed, because a terrifying force of life and death appeared instantly on the old man in front of him.

This kind of power of life and death, although not as good as a real Fighting Immortal powerhouse, but at least a terrifying powerhouse who has stepped into the Nine Star Fighting Emperor level can have it...

Nine Star Dou Di, even in their Charming Snake Tribe, there are only a handful of them.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I'll ask you one last time, where is the location of your shrine!" Mu Chenfeng calmed down when he saw Ye Mo coming.

Ye Mo snorted coldly, then the breath all over his body shook, and it spread out instantly.

An invisible shock wave directly caused Mei Ye to spurt out a mouthful of blood!

The blood was extremely scarlet, exuding deadly toxins, Mei Yeyu raised her hand slightly, and wiped the blood from the corner of her mouth, a wave of fear emerged spontaneously.

"Cough cough cough..."

"The nine-star Dou Di strong... Really strong." Sighing slightly, Mei Ye seemed to have made a decision, and the monstrous aura was bursting out. At this time, countless small snake shadows appeared around Mei Ye. Although these little snakes It is extremely illusory, but without exception, each body contains extremely terrifying energy. The Dou Qi Snake Shadow and Snake Eyes stared at Ye Mo tightly, and then Mei Ye immediately became vigilant!

At the moment when these vindictive snakes appeared, the space around the sky trembled slightly!

With this appearance, it is obvious that he is ready to go all out.

"Give it up." Ye Mo closed his eyes, and then the power of life and death suddenly waved out, attacking Mei Ye on the side!

The power of life and death is intertwined, and the two hesitate to strike a thunderbolt, hitting Mei Ye directly from the ground!

The speed was extremely fast, and in a blink of an eye, time came to Mei Ye.

"What a terrifying power of life and death..." Mei Ye exclaimed in surprise, and then a trace of solemnity appeared in her pupils.

The next moment, Mei Ye turned into a huge snake shadow, and then under Mu Chenfeng's surprised eyes, he brought the countless fighting spirit snake shadows around him to confront Ye Mo's power of life and death!

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying power of life and death and the power of that Mei Ye touched together!

The next moment, the power of life and death is like a fish in the water, moving freely under the shadow of the snake in Mei Ye's sky!

"This power of life and death is so terrifying?" Mei Ye in the serpentine state secretly said that she was not good, because with her current strength, she was unable to deal with this mysterious nine-star fighting emperor.

"Shabu!" The battle in the sky only lasted for a few seconds, and then the force of life and death hit Mei Ye abruptly, and Mei Ye's huge snake body suddenly fell from the sky, as if A meteor fell rapidly.

"Cough, cough..." Mei Ye was attacked by the power of life and death, and the huge snake body was already extremely embarrassed, with countless large and small scars.

"Medicine core, hurry up, the movement just now may have alarmed the strong men of the Charming Snake Tribe." Ye Mo shouted loudly.

As the voice fell, the figure behind Ye Mo moved slowly, and then came to Mei Ye in the next instant.

"Don't move." The black woman said softly, and then the huge soul power in her body emerged instantly!

Then he went to the frantic perfusion in Mei Ye's brain!

"Ah ah ah!" Mei Ye is powerless now, and he just fought Mu Chenfeng on an equal footing has already consumed a lot of vindictive energy, and after adding Ye Mo's Jiuxing Dou Emperor level The terrifying power of life and death made Mei Ye quite weak.

At this time, Mei Ye was slowly lying in a big pit that was several dozen meters long, letting the medicine core use its soul power to probe into his mind.

With that kind of feeling, the feeling to Mei Ye is that they seem to be looking for something!

"Elder Ye, I found it!" Time passed by, and after a while, the woman covered in black said excitedly.

"Old Ye, let's go quickly, otherwise when the powerful men of the Charming Snake Tribe arrive, we won't be able to go even if we want to go!" Mu Chenfeng said when his goal was achieved.

"Will your soul power entering her body like this have any effect on her?" Ye Mo asked abruptly just as he was about to leave.

"Old Ye... No, I just used some secret methods to probe the memory of the temple, and I didn't move the rest."

"So Elder Ye can rest assured that this will not have any effect on her." Yaoxin said slowly.

"Then... let's go." Ye Mo heard the words, turned his head and glanced at Mei Ye, who was lying in the giant pit. A bottle of good healing medicine was thrown at him, and then he no longer hesitated, and directly Go to the wall!

They must leave!

"Elder Ye is really kind." Mu Chenfeng and Yaoxin said in their hearts.

"This mysterious powerhouse is so strange..." Mei Ye was also a little stunned by the sudden scene of this old man.

Ask for tickets!