Chapter Vol 4 1281: Soul training!

"Master, how long do you think this guy can last?" Outside the Shimen, Hua Fei looked at Xiao Yan who had entered the first level and couldn't help asking.

Hua Fei clearly remembered that it was the first time he came to assess the fourth-grade pharmacist of the immortal rank, and he was tortured to death by the soul training of the first level. close.

"Time flows slowly here, but it's not advisable to stay for a long time."

"The outside world is less than a month away from the East Continent. In our independent void, it should be less than 300 days to convert the time. After all, ten days here, the outside world is only one day." Tan. Dust murmured slightly.

"Master!" Seeing his master ignore his words, Hua Fei couldn't help complaining.

"I remember that you persisted in the first level for thirty days."

"And the highest test record for our Eastern Continent Immortal Pharmacist is fifty days..." Tan Chen said.

"Yeah, thirty days..."

"In the beginning, I was able to deal with it by virtue of the fairyland soul, but as time went on, after that guy ate away our soul power, the power became stronger and stronger, and instead of me dealing with it, it became a coercion against me... "

"Thirty days alone is the limit. I don't know how the monsters spent those fifty days." Hua Fei was trembling when he remembered it now. Obviously, the kind of creature that directly attacks his own soul power is too much. I'm afraid, even if I kill him, I don't want to experience it a second time.

"Just watch it quietly, this kid won't let us down."

"And I have a hunch, it seems that this kid is not as simple as it seems. In the next ratio of Dongzhou, if you face him, you have to be careful, so as not to lose the face of our dignified Leicheng Alchemist Association." Tan. After Chen finished speaking, he disappeared directly here and went deeper. Although this first level was simple, the longer he stayed, the more powerful his soul power became.

Following Tan Chen's departure, Hua Fei also kept guarding outside Shimen. Once Xiao Yan couldn't bear it, he would immediately send a signal to ask his master to rescue him.

At this time, within the stone gate, there is another scene.

"Tsk tsk, I never imagined that a soul beast composed of soul power would actually be such a small soul beast." At this time, the entire space was bright, and there was even a cyan flame that once looked like the sun hanging above the sky!

Ghost Face Soul Flame!

This sun was formed by Xiao Yan using Ghost Face and Soul Flame.

At this time, Xiao Yan had a panoramic view of this space.

In this space, there is a quite vast lake. Above the lake hangs a reef that is no more than ten meters in size. On the reef is a towering tree.

The towering tree has yellow branches and leaves, and its thick rhizomes continuously absorb the power of the lake. At this time, Xiao Yan's figure is standing on the towering tree, and even his palm is doing a grabbing action.

"This is a soul beast composed of soul power. Why is it so weak?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised. Obviously, the soul power he had just released when he entered this place was swallowed up by it. Later, after using the ghost face soul flame, he found this The guy was sleeping soundly and grabbed it straight away.

However, this guy is completely transparent, and it fits perfectly with this void. He can't see any traces at all. If it wasn't for the perception of soul power, Xiao Yan probably wouldn't have found it.

Therefore, Xiao Yan's appearance at this time is that he has grabbed the soul beast, but this soul beast is colorless and transparent and exactly the same as the surrounding environment, and even to others, Xiao Yan just made an action of grabbing an empty object.

"But how do I get through this first stage?" The next moment, Xiao Yan was a little depressed. Tan Chen said that it would be enough to defeat the soul beast, but after Xiao Yan caught it, the spirit palace that stored the soul power in his body sent out A burst of pleasant joy, it seems that the power of the soul is slowly increasing.

"Idiot!" And the Soul Eater in the ring finally couldn't stand it anymore, he jumped out and scolded Xiao Yan.

"Master." Xiao Yan was also confused and hurriedly asked.

"This kind of soul beast can only be called a soul beast in the true sense."

"Because they are composed of soul power, and this soul power is the pure energy tempered by the soul alchemist."

"But this thing is a good treasure, because it is the best material for tempering the soul." The Lord of Soul Eater said with a fiery voice.

"Training the soul?" Xiao Yan asked suspiciously.

"The cultivation of soul power, since you started to cultivate to the fairyland, is mainly to expand the soul realm, and after reaching the fairyland, you need to compress the soul power to form the most pure soul source, and then inject it into the spiritual palace."

"I believe you have also discovered that the area of ​​the spiritual palace is quite small, but all of your dazzling soul power can only fill the first floor, which is why there is no tempering." The Soul Eater explained.

"Master, let's get started." Xiao Yan smiled and said after hearing this.

"Soul tempering is not as simple as swallowing the holy flame, because it directly attacks the human soul. If there is any loss, I am afraid..." Although the Lord of Soul Eater admired Xiao Yan's awareness, he still said.

"Don't worry, I can hold on." Xiao Yan said slowly, obviously now that he has strengthened his soul power, he can continue to improve his alchemist skills. Only in this way can he reach the point of refining and swallowing immortal fire elixir1 One ring buckle.

"Okay." Seeing that Xiao Yan was so energetic, the Master of Soul Eater did not hesitate, and directly summoned the ghost-like ghost flame in the sky like the sun, and then suddenly whistled away at the transparent soul beast.

"Weng buzzing!" The spirit beast that was still sleeping soundly was awakened directly by the powerful holy flame power of Ghost Face Spirit Flame, and then broke free from Xiao Yan's shackles in an instant, and within one meter of Xiao Yan, Turned into a vortex, with the vortex as the center, one after another invisible soul impact suddenly spread out!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Ahhh!" The soul power of this soul beast may have reached the fairyland or even stronger. Being stimulated by the ghost face soul flame, regardless of the 3721, the soul ripples that erupted unexpectedly caused Xiao Yan to have a problem. An excruciating feeling!

Xiao Yan covered his forehead, his pupils were bloodshot, and he was in great pain.

"Hold on, the ghost face soul flame has completely stimulated all the soul power of the soul beast. As long as you can persevere, your soul power will be greatly improved." The Soul Eater looked at Xiao Yan who looked like this and couldn't bear it. Live aloud with concern.

"Relax...I...can!" Intermittent voices came from Xiao Yan's mouth, and then the towering branches, and even the lake, were filled with Xiao Yan's wailing and howling sounds, but with the help of Xiao Yan. With this kind of screaming, Xiao Yan's soul power became more and more solid, and even the Ling Palace burst out towards the second floor, which is a sign of increased soul power!

. full book m.