Chapter Vol 4 1980: The thriving endless fire domain!

"The time is almost up, why hasn't Xiao Yan made any movement yet?" In the Peak Square, the eight people frowned, looking at the incense stick in front of them that was about to burn out, and said solemnly.

In the inner space of the black stone, these powerhouses have been in and out countless times, but without the support of the Xiao family blood, they cannot spy on the secrets, so countless explorations have found nothing, and now Xiao Yan enters it, I really hope Xiao Yan Yan can find the secret.

"Crack." Just when everyone hesitated, a loud noise swept out. The black stone shattered and turned into countless powders. A man in black also walked out slowly.

"How?"

"Did you succeed?" Seeing Xiao Yan's safe return, everyone asked eagerly.

"Successful, we can start our journey back to the Endless Fire Territory, but the matter of the wormhole in this time and space has to trouble the senior mistress." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and immediately handed the latter the spatial coordinates that contained the headquarters of the Endless Fire Territory.

"Call me Senior Feng in the future." Feng Wan'er nodded lightly, caught Xiao Yan's spatial coordinates, and waved it casually. In front of everyone, a dark crack appeared, and the time-space wormhole condensed in an instant. It's just the blink of an eye.

"Now that you're ready, let's go." Xiao Yan smiled comfortably, and immediately said.

"Let's go."

"En..." After that, everyone evacuated directly from here, stepped into the space-time wormhole and headed towards the headquarters of the Endless Fire Territory. As for this territory, it was completely shattered, although it was discovered by the Holy See and other forces in the future, but With Feng Wan'er's method, naturally no suspicious evidence was left behind.

At this point, the one-hundred-year agreement has come to an end. The grievances between the Xiao family and the guardian have not been completely resolved, but now that the two have settled their previous differences, it can be regarded as the best harvest, but Xiao Yan was late, causing Er Duo The holy flame was absorbed by Su Xueying, with a slight pity.

...

On the other side, Endless Fire Territory.

Today’s Endless Fire Territory is not what it used to be. Ever since Xiao Yan went to the Star Continent on behalf of the Endless Fire Territory to settle the matter on the Star Continent, the Star Continent has been declared to belong to the Endless Fire Territory, and the Haohai Continent has always been a vassal of the Star Continent. , Today's Endless Fire Territory is a huge force occupying the three lands of Doudi Continent. Whether it is strength or resource background, there has been a significant improvement, but due to the special terrain of the two continents, Endless Fire Territory high-level decision after the decision , still did not interfere with them, and won countless hearts at once.

Xuanling Continent, in the center of Xuanling Mountain, there are countless serpent-shaped grand palaces. Among the serpent-shaped palaces like mountains, there is an extraordinarily magnificent hall. At this time, there are two lonely shadows in the hall, which appear here slightly. .

"Sister Cailin, why are you so unhappy when I see you recently?" At this time, in a study in a hall, two shadows flickered slightly, one was sitting at the desk, and one scroll was carefully read. As for The other one, with a quirky face, said quite playfully.

In the study, the two beautiful figures have their own merits, one is enchanting, and the slender waist with a full grip makes countless heroes bend their waists. In addition to the innate charm, they have a charm, and the other, Wearing a green dress, he lazily put his slender hand on the back of the chair, and there was a terrifying coldness on his smiling face.

The two are naturally the two mistresses of the Endless Fire Territory, the king of the Medusa clan, Cailin and Mu Yingying.

"You..." Seeing this, Cai Lin couldn't help cursing, and immediately put down the scroll in her hand and looked at the woman in front of her. Compared with the past, this girl was less lively and more chilled. of blood.

Cailin is indifferent by nature, and she is too lazy to care about Xiao Yan's romantic debts, but Mu Yingying has quite a set, actually making Cailin, who has always been cold-hearted, become enthusiastic, and even announced on Tianxing Continent and Haohai Continent After belonging to the Endless Fire Territory, Mu Yingying went to the two continents alone to completely stabilize the situation. The courage and strength required for it can be said to have won a lot of voices in the Endless Fire Territory.

"Breakthrough to six stars?" After a while, Cailin glanced around slightly, and when she looked at Mu Yingying's enchanting body, she suddenly smelled something unusual and asked.

"Well, it's also an unexpected gain from this mission." Mu Yingying said with a playful smile.

Mu Yingying's current strength, in the early stage of Six-Star Fighting Immortals, on the other hand, Cailin has also reached the level of Six-Star Fighting Immortal Perfection. After all, the two ways to improve their strength are not the same as ordinary people, and naturally they are not comparable.

Mu Yingying is a human being converted from Sheng Yan, and she has Er Duo Sheng Yan and the Fen Jue cultivation technique given by Xiao Yan. The speed of cultivation is much faster than that of normal people.

On the other hand, Cailin has the power of ten colors in his body, and every increase in strength requires tribulation, so the increase in the strength of the two cannot be inferred from common sense.

"Now the Doudi Continent has stabilized the third place, and the last Douyun Continent will probably fall into our hands after a long time." Mu Yingying smiled, there was a hint of tiredness in her voice. The middle was filled with the coercion of the superiors. Obviously, after Xiao Yan left, this playful girl who used to be carefree and carefree also made great efforts.

"You...why do you have to work so hard." Cailin's soft voice sounded. Obviously, she has seen the transformation of Mu Yingying over the years. Even her, she is quite heartbroken.

"Don't worry, Sister Cailin, I'm fine." Mu Yingying smiled slightly. Since Xiao Yan and Cailin both agreed to their existence, Mu Yingying naturally seized every minute and second to improve her strength and build her prestige. After all, with her strong character, she will not easily admit defeat, not to mention that there is still a principal missing, and a sense of crisis arises spontaneously Douyun Continent is like a cloud of powerhouses, this is the most troublesome place Yes... and according to the information returned by the Empress of the Stars, I am afraid that the Holy See is already investigating us. Once they find out that the wandering angel was killed by our Endless Fire Territory Lord, I am afraid that we will also face extremely terrifying danger. . "

"After all, in the end, our current top power in the Endless Fire Territory cannot compete with the Holy See or even most of the sects in Douyun Continent." Cai Lin's eyes were wrinkled. Obviously, the affairs of Douyun Continent gave her quite a headache.

"Don't worry, Sister Cailin, and that guy and us." Mu Yingying smiled slightly, her voice was full of murderous intent, obviously this girl has changed a lot.

"Well, now I can only take one step at a time." Cai Lin was relieved, and also revealed a rare smile.

"By the way... I'm already investigating the matter of the Dou Qi Continent in the lower realm. I'm afraid we will be able to break through the void and go back soon."

"When the time comes, Sister Cailin wants me to take a good look at Xiao Xiaoxiao." Before leaving, Mu Yingying smiled sweetly and pouted, with a hint of envy in her voice.

"Okay... for sure!" Mu Yingying's voice remained in the air of the study for a long time, and she did not leave hastily, but quietly accompanied Cailin, but Cailin's incomparably cold eyes were already glowing. A trace of sparkling tears, the figure of a rather sensible little girl slowly emerged in his heart!

That is her own daughter on the Dou Qi Continent, Xiao Xiaoxiao!

Decades have passed since stepping through the void, and I don't know if all of them are okay...

A trace of worry and longing swept through my heart like spring water, and the icy-cold Mistress of Endless Fire Territory was finally completely moved.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: