Chapter Vol 4 1143: Kaiou Castle

"impossible!"

"You are definitely pretending to be a ghost!" Yu Quan's face was filled with an incredible look.

This Xiao Yan was still at the peak of Dou Di a few months ago, how come it has only been a few months, and his strength has soared to the level of the first stage of Dou Xian.

"True or false, can't you find out if you try it?" Xiao Yan didn't bother to talk nonsense with Yu Quan, and said directly.

When his strength was still at the peak of Dou Di, Yu Quan was indeed a challenging opponent, but as he broke through Dou Di and advanced to Dou Xian, Yu Quan was not worth mentioning. After all, Yu Quan's strength was only just now. Breaking through the initial stage of One Star Fighting Immortals is only in the middle stage. For Xiao Yan, it is not too difficult.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and he immediately took off the heavy ruler from behind and held it in his hand. A stream of fiery red fighting immortal power emerged from the core within the body and gathered on the heavy ruler.

"What a strong power of fighting immortals." Xiao Yan looked at the power of fighting immortals on the heavy ruler and couldn't help but say.

If it is said that the power of life and death during the Emperor Dou period was quite good, then the power of fighting immortals at this time is an enhanced version of the power of life and death.

"Humph!" Yu Quan shouted loudly, regardless of whether Xiao Yan's Dou Xian's strength was true or false, directly above his body, Dou Xian with the cyan wind property burst out, ready to attack Xiao Yan.

The fire attribute is better than the strong attack power, but the accuracy is not high. If you don't hit the enemy, you will just waste your power of fighting immortals. The wind attribute is flexible and speed. Although the attack is not as good as Xiao Yan, it is convenient in speed. , but it is not a problem to deal with Xiao Yan, and after the trade-offs, it is not possible that Yu Quan has the certainty of winning.

"Let the horses come here!" Yu Quan used dozens of Immortal Fighting Powers in front of him, so that when Xiao Yan attacked, he was able to escape as soon as possible.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"That's what you want!" With his powerful soul power, Xiao Yan naturally understood Yu Quan's idea, and without any doubts, he directly used the seven-layered sky-shattering ruler.

Yu Quan's plan was good, but he underestimated Xiao Yan.

Who is Xiao Yan?

Xiao Yan is a strong man who has survived the Ten-Colored Immortal Tribulation and is blessed with the power of holy flame. Besides, his fire attribute is even more powerful and destructive. How can he be comparable to other ordinary fire attribute powerhouses?

Yu Quan's plan is good, to deal with some ordinary fire-type fighting immortals, although he can be consumed, but facing a person with super destructive power like Xiao Yan, it is useless!

"Seven-layered sky-shattering ruler!" The next moment, on the heavy ruler in Xiao Yan's hand, seven sky-shattering ruler beams fell off directly. This time, the seven ruler-shaped beams circled and shot at Yuquan at high speed. The place they passed along the way turned out to be There was even a slight explosion in the space!

"What a powerful attack, but it's useless to me!"

"I am the wind attribute!"

"Your attack is powerful, but you can't catch up to me!" Yu Quan saw that the seven chimans were about to attack him this time, laughed, and then turned around and prepared to move.

"Is it……"

"Then you really underestimate me!" Xiao Yan seemed to have expected Yu Quan to make such a move, and smiled slowly.

"How could it be possible... my wind attribute has actually failed?" But when Xiao Yan's smile appeared, Yu Quan's face was instantly pale, and a wave of fear emerged in his heart!

Because at this moment, his wind attribute seems to be imprisoned and cannot be used, but he doesn't know that this is caused by the power of holy flame.

"Boom boom boom!" At the moment when Yu Quan hesitated, Xiao Yan's powerful attack instantly hit him, and then circles of brilliant energy storms, directly centered on Yu Quan, spread out in all directions.

"Isn't Yu Guanshi just going to die like this?" Not far away, the subordinates who followed Yu Quan had just seen this scene, and couldn't help but move their dry throats.

The terrifying attack lasted for a few minutes, and then Yu Bo slowly dispersed.

"This guy, won't he just die like this?" Xiao Yan couldn't help saying after seeing Yu Bo's battle dissipate and not finding Yu Quan's figure.

"He didn't die so easily."

"Moreover, a strong fighting immortal will not fall unless he destroys his soul or fighting core." Qing Wen smiled.

"I see." Xiao Yan nodded immediately after hearing this.

After the strength reaches the Dou Xian, the Dou Core is the source of all power, and once the Dou Nue is destroyed, it means that the Dou Qi is completely useless, and the cultivation base is completely lost, just like an ordinary person. If the soul is destroyed, it is A true death fall.

"Steward Yu, where are you going?" The next moment, a sound of breaking wind slowly sounded, and this fast-moving figure flew away from the battle!

"Damn bastard!"

"Xiao Yan, don't go too far!"

"It's the Yu family's steward. If you kill me, our Yu family will never let you go!" Seeing that Xiao Yan stopped him from retreating instantly, Yu Quan couldn't help but said angrily.

"Threat me?" And Xiao Yan glanced at Yu Quan who was in a hurry, and the tiny blue-yellow flames on the tips of his palms and fingers slowly jumped out.

"Put, puff!" With the appearance of Xiao Yan's green-yellow flames, Yu Quan's heart trembled violently, as if he had encountered some fatal threat.

"What is this?" Yu Quan's dry throat couldn't help rolling down a trace of saliva.

"Haha, Brother Xiao Yan is really powerful."

"However, Yu Quan's status in the Yu family is not low, so it's better to leave him alive, or it is a bargaining chip for the seat and the Yu family." "Xiao Yan heard the words, put away his blue-yellow holy flame, and returned to calm.

However, Xiao Yan himself did not expect that the blue-yellow flames merged two kinds of holy flames. Among the powerhouses of the same level, if the opponent was slightly inattentive, he might be able to instantly kill the opponent.

"Be honest with me." Qing Wenwen came to Yu Quan's side and slashed it with a hand blade, and Yu Quan fell into a coma immediately.

"Let's go." Seeing Yuquan falling into a coma, Qingwen turned into a power of fighting immortals, covering Yuquan's face, and then dragged away.

"Let's go, it's time to go home." Qing'er also smiled at Xiao Yan. Obviously, she shot again and defeated Yu Quan with thunder. Qing'er's attitude towards Xiao Yan could not help but soften.

"Well, go home." Xiao Yan nodded after hearing this, and followed.

At this point, the three of them left Yinyuetan and headed towards the Ghost King City. The subordinates who came out with Yu Quan saw that Yu Quan was so captured by Qing Wen, and couldn't help losing their attention. After a long hesitation, they decided to go to Yu's house. planning.

When these people left, the huge body of the Azure Niu Tianmu Soul Beast slowly emerged from the Yinyuetan water: "The king of all beasts... with the fluctuation of holy flames."

"The appearance of the King of All Beasts proves that the orcs of the world are in conflict."

"Also, with the presence of Holy Flame, I am afraid that the evil races from outside the territory are also eager to make a move. It seems that the peaceful days may be coming to an end."

There is some deep meaning in the Qingniu Tianmu soul beast, obviously it doesn't understand.