Chapter 127: Leave!

?? At this time, Qing Yuan, who had been in a coma, also slowly woke up. Then the mysterious woman in Tsing Yi gently flicked Qing Yuan's forehead with her slender hand, who was constantly struggling in her arms.

Suddenly, Qing Yuan, who had just woken up, was in a coma. Strange to say, just when Qing Yuan woke up, a piece of purple feathers fell off the purple wings behind him and flew towards Xiao Yan, and the cyan woman didn't notice either.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also hurriedly stretched out his hand to catch it. Although he didn't know what the purple feather was for, of course Qing Yuan must have done it her own way. The three-winged unicorn also looked at Xiao Yan quietly, as if disdainful. Gu.

"Hey, little guy, don't worry, I can't bear to hurt you."

Gently stroking the coquettish purple wings on Qing Yuan's back, the woman in Tsing Yi smiled docilely and softly as if she was treating her daughter, and gently held her in her arms with her left hand.

Only then did he raise his head, staring at Xiao Yan who had a vicious gaze, and said with a smile, "Don't worry, little human brother, this girl is very precious, and we can't bear to hurt her."

"Who is Your Excellency? Why did you **** Qing Yuan?" Xiao Yan stared at the woman in Tsing Yi, his eyes narrowed, and he said coldly, although he didn't know who these people were, Xiao Yan was certain that he would definitely be inseparable from the angel family. related.

"Is this little guy's name Qing Yuan? Haha, it's really not bad." The woman in Tsing Yi smiled, her slender fingers carefully lifting Qing Yuan's bangs.

Looking closely at the mysterious rune on the forehead, the rune was also blooming with a coquettish purple, and then nodded with satisfaction, and whispered softly: "It really is the purple wing, it seems that our luck this time. good……"

The action of the woman in Tsing Yi lifted Qing Yuan's bangs, causing Xiao Yan's mouth to twitch a few times, and now he also understands that this mysterious woman is also aimed at the purple wings of Qing Yuan's angel family.

After the woman in Tsing Yi appeared, his master, the Golden Dragon King, had been silent for a long time, thinking that he was worried that if he contacted Xiao Yan again, his existence would be detected. Xiao Yan, who knew this, did not ask in his heart. the identity of the opponent.

"Why did the aura you burst out earlier make me feel familiar? Could it be that we have not been in contact before?" The woman in Tsing Yi suddenly raised her head and stared at Xiao Yan, her brows slightly frowned, and she asked with a little doubt.

"Really?" A noncommittal answer.

Xiao Yan said coldly: "No matter who your Excellency is, please return Qing Yuan to me, otherwise, I can only **** it by force!"

"Hey, this little girl is extremely important to me, and it's impossible to give it to you." The woman in Tsing Yi smiled and shook her head.

His eyes drifted over Xiao Yan, and he said with a light smile, "I'll go first."

"stop!"

Hearing the words of the woman in Tsing Yi, Xiao Yan no longer hesitated. With a low drink, a terrifying milky white flame violently surged out of his body. Suddenly, the temperature downstream of the waterfall suddenly increased.

The toes slammed on the top of the tree, and suddenly. Cracks spread rapidly from the toes.

In the end, it spread all the way to the surface, and the huge trees became fragmented in an instant.

With the power of ejection, Xiao Yan's body. Like the bullet that came out of the chamber, it shot violently at the woman in Tsing Yi who was just about to escape.

The figure flashed across the air, Xiao Yan's fist wrapped in milky white flames, mixed with a sonic boom and fiery heat, slammed into the woman in Tsing Yi.

After the woman in green pondered for a moment, she stomped the soles of her feet.

With the sound of clicking, the trees underfoot exploded violently.

At the same time, the clean white wings on the back of the woman in Tsing Yi slowly expanded, and ten clean white energy whips shot out from the wings behind her.

The long whip fluttered around, wrapping his entire body in it, and Xiao Yan's terrifying attack was easily resolved, and he was also ejected away.

"Your opponent is me." The three-winged unicorn standing beside him slowly flapped the three pairs of pure white wings behind it, and then the beast's eyes stared at Xiao Yan.

Watching the cyan figure slowly escape with Qing Yuan, Xiao Yan's knees were slightly bent, and his body was in the shape of a bow.

After an instant, it suddenly rose, and lightning appeared above the head of the woman in blue at the edge of the energy barrier.

The body tumbled in the air, and after the instep turned violently to borrow strength, with a whistling sound of breaking the wind, it slammed heavily on the shoulder of the woman in Tsing Yi.

"Bang!"

As soon as he hit the enemy, Xiao Yan's face did not show the slightest joy, because it was in his perception. What he hit didn't seem to be a human body, but a fluffy feather.

Moreover, the feathers even reflected some of his bursting energy back, making Xiao Yan's figure slightly unstable.

"Gana, don't patronize the show, stop him so I can take the little girl to go first, otherwise I will attract the strong men next to the Demonic Beast Mountains. If this mission fails, the consequences..." Xiao Yan smashed it. In the middle, the woman in Tsing Yi said with a slight dissatisfaction, and then fiercely said to the three-winged unicorn standing in the same place as if watching a play.

"I know, I know The woman is really long-winded..." The three-winged unicorn also said impatiently. Obviously, the three-winged unicorn did not take Xiao Yan seriously, after all, the latter is just a The strength of the peak of the three-star fighting emperor is really not worth mentioning.

After speaking, the wings on the back of the three-winged unicorn flapped slowly, and then, on top of that, an invisible wave of terror emerged spontaneously!

A pair of feathers were raised gently, and a majestic white energy column aimed at Xiao Yan's chest and sprayed out.

With his arms crossed in front of his chest, milky white flames suddenly rose up, resisting the energy column as much as possible.

Although the opponent's attack did not cause much damage to Xiao Yan, it is possible that the strength contained in the measuring column still pushed Xiao Yan back a bit.

"Hey hey, farewell, but little brother can rest assured, this little girl, I will not hurt her."

"And this little girl has also been taken care of by you all these years. Gana, don't hurt him." The woman in Tsing Yi said with a smile, the wings on her back slowly stretched out, and then swept away towards the sky outside the energy barrier.

After the cyan figure finished speaking, it flew away from the edge of the energy barrier, and the huge three-winged unicorn also slowly looked at Xiao Yan.

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan also yelled, this cyan figure was really cunning, and immediately had to face the three-winged unicorn in front of him solemnly.

"Human boy, since you are the little girl's brother, I should respect you, but you are not qualified now. You can stay here for a few minutes at ease, and I will naturally wait for the woman to go away. I won't make it difficult for you, but if you insist on chasing it, then I will..." The three-winged unicorn slowly stared at Xiao Yan, and said in the mouth. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: