Chapter Vol 4 2038: Yunling Mountain Range, Medicine King City!

Above the Douyun Continent, the ancient seven clans and clans are lined with each other, and their huge territories face each other from afar, and they vaguely transform into a looming huge seven-pointed star formation, and I don't know what the deep meaning is.

The Medicine Clan, this is a rather ancient race.

Taking it out alone and comparing it with other tyrannical forces is a bit obvious, but just by virtue of his identity as a pharmacist, he has won the respect of countless powerhouses, so the superb skills of the alchemist are reflected in the medicine family. Incisively and vividly.

Among the medicine clan, the core clan majored in refining pharmacists and minored in soul power. Some of them were strong enough to reach the strength of seven-star fighting immortals or even eight-star strength, but they had such terrifying strength, most of them were not good at it. A strong man in battle, but he is undoubtedly a high-level pharmacist!

A high-level pharmacist is enough to become the target of many forces to **** up and fawn on. The reason is of course well-known, and this is also the fundamental reason for the prosperity of the pharmacist.

What's more, there are rumors that the Yao clan is the second-ranked super race among the eight ancient races. As for the first, it is probably the Xiao clan.

The base camp of the Yao tribe is located on the Yunling Mountains in the northernmost part of the Douyun Continent.

Yunling Mountains, this is a majestic and continuous huge mountain range. It is located at the highest point of the entire Douyun Continent. Here, the energy of heaven and earth is abundant, and countless rare treasures are in an endless stream. It looks like a peaceful person, but many poisonous insects and some natural dangers are also extremely dangerous.

Yunling Mountain is the top-ranked super spiritual vein on the entire Douyun Continent. The accumulation of countless energies from heaven and earth makes it the first spiritual vein in the entire Dou Di Continent. Choosing it as your own territory, just from this point, you can see that the medicine family has a lot of wealth. After all, this top-ranked super spiritual vein can not only be obtained by relying on wealth, but also has enough strength and so on. Wait……

"Brother Xiao Yan, just a little further, you will be within the scope of the Yaozu Yunling Mountains. Now the Yaozu festival is around the corner, and the powerhouses from all sides will gather here at the same time, and there will be Yaozu's guards in charge of receiving them. US."

"However, every time a strong person enters the Medicine Clan Festival, if there is no invitation to the Medicine Clan Festival, I am afraid that they will need to take out a pharmacist rank medal of the fourth rank or higher of the Immortal Rank before they can enter."

"I don't know what level Xiao Yan's alchemist rank has now reached?" Xun'er slightly folded her arms and turned to face Xiao Yan with a smile.

After leaving the ancient clan, the two of them lowered their aura. If Xiao Yan was in the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, ordinary people would probably still not be able to find them. In addition, Xun'er had the Reincarnation Seal, and he had the strength of Saint Yan and the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals. , ordinary people, etc., are even more difficult to find.

The Medicine Clan Festival, once every hundred years, this is a rule handed down by the Medicine Clan since ancient times, and it is also listed as the most grand event in the Clan by the Medicine Clan. Every grand ceremony will invite the most powerful people from all over the Dou Di Continent to come and watch. Witness the birth of the first pharmacist in Dou Di Continent!

Through the medicine clan festival, the pharmacist who is respected as the first in medicine refining on the entire continent will be competed for, and some people with extraordinary talents and high morals will also be invited by the medicine clan. Self-confidence in medicine skills, all pharmacists with the fourth rank of Xian Lie and above, even some unknown people, as long as they hold the alchemist medal, they can come to participate, but the pharmacist does have this ability and arrogance, after all For thousands of years, the pharmacists who are the first in refining technology have all come from the Yao family, and now they have won the ninth consecutive year.

Therefore, the medicine clan festival can be said to be one of the most lively events in the entire Douyun Continent. Whether it is the princes of various parties or some top forces, they will all come.

"Invitation from the Medicine Clan..." Xiao Yan shook his head when he heard the words.

The invitation of Endless Fire Territory was not brought out because it came out in a hurry, so it was delayed, and the invitation of the ancients was not brought out, it seems that Gu Yuan did it on purpose.

"There is an alchemist rank medal, but the rank is a little lower." Xiao Yan scratched his head and said, it seems that his alchemist medal is still at the fourth rank of the Immortal Rank, but his soul power has surpassed this level too much.

"There are still a few days before the opening of the Medicine Clan Festival, we can go to the Medicine King City for a walk, and by the way, give Brother Xiao Yan a pharmacist medal that matches his current strength. High-level medals are very useful here. "

"Whether you are participating in the auction of the Yao family or buying some useful medicinal weapons, you will have unique advantages." Xun'er showed a little tiger's teeth and smiled. Obviously, in the first month of the ancient tribe, the medicine family has been sold. Some of the information in the investigation is clear to the investigation.

"Okay, let's go." The two said, also heading towards the Yunling Mountains.

After about three hours, the two came to the bottom of the Yunling Mountains. The vastness here far exceeded Xiao Yan's expectations.

Looking up, even Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised. This is the first time Xiao Yan has ever seen such a mountain range with strong energy from heaven and earth.

In the Yunling Mountains, layers of mist completely wrap the entire mountain range. Immortal energy is lingering. It is as quiet as a paradise, and there are faintly seductive fragrances coming out, which makes people feel more spiritual. However, Xiao Yan knew that it was the incense produced by refining medicinal pills, and the rank was quite high.

"As expected of the Yunling Mountains." After being shocked, Xiao Yan couldn't help but murmured.

"The Yunling Mountains have been nourished by countless generations of powerful people from the Medicine Clan. It is said that there was once a powerful person from the Medicine Clan who used the mountains to store spiritual medicine, making the entire Yunling Mountains like a treasure bottle. Living in it for a long time can prolong life. Treasures are even more dazzling, and it is the holy place that countless alchemists dream of." Xun'er smiled.

"In front of it is a city of the Yao family specially used to entertain the powerful lords from all over the world is called Yaowangcheng."

"There is the most authoritative appraisal agency in the city, and on the entire continent, the top alchemist associations, with more than 70% of the alchemists, are all from the medicine family."

"The overall combat power of the medicine clan may be close to the bottom of the seven ancient clans, but the existence of the alchemist in the clan allows them to have an extremely large network of relationships, and now they are vaguely able to compete with the Holy See. "Xun'er explained patiently.

"Compete with the Holy See?"

"It seems that the relationship between the seven ancient clans and the Holy See is not very good?" Xiao Yan asked.

"The strong people in the Holy See believe in their unique set, and they can't tell right from wrong at all. Once they touch their bottom line, they will directly kill them in secret."

"Among the Medicine Clan, there was a certain Continent's No. 1 medicine refiner who provoked the Holy See, and was then secretly killed by the Holy See. Even the Medicine Clan could only endure it at the time, but the hatred was getting deeper and deeper."

"Not only the medicine clan, there are some frictions among the seven ancient clans." Xun'er said.

"Yep."

"Let's go, go to Yaowang City to identify the alchemist rank medal." Xiao Yan took Xun'er and slowly paced away.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: