Chapter Vol 4 2059: 3 kinds of materials that devour holy flames!

The latest website: "Hehe, your enthusiasm is really high."

"Since this is the case, why is the third auction item starting now!"

"The auction method is still barter, and each guest has only one chance." Yaoyun continued to maintain an elegant rhetoric, but under his control, he slightly exuded a trace of Fire Spirit Fruit that belongs to the Ice Essence. The scent of the fairy medicine shocked everyone.

"I made a holy-level fighting skill scroll..."

"A volume of Immortal Rank Sixth-Rank medicinal prescription..." The auction just started, and the shouts from the back continued to emerge.

"It's such a terrifying method. The ancient races and those forces whose status is only second to the ancient races have not yet taken action. This kind of thing has been fired to such a high price." Xun'er listened to the precious treasures being carried out one after another. Suddenly, the small mouth pouted slightly in surprise.

"Wait, there seems to be something wrong with this immortal medicine?" Xiao Yan didn't have time to pay attention to other things, but after the Emperor Yanjie in his body felt the faint aura released from the Ice Essence Fire Spirit Fruit, it became violent. Shake up.

"Weng buzzing!" After the blink of an eye, that faint aura actually streaked into the Emperor Flame Ring at a speed that was invisible to ordinary people, and it didn't take long for it to run directly to an ancient scroll inside the ring.

"That's the remnant of the third holy flame on the holy flame list, what the **** is going on?" Xiao Yan could only notice the changes in the ring in surprise, but couldn't do anything.

"Hey!" With a sound, a faint force of the Ice Essence Fire Spirit Fruit directly slammed into the ancient scroll, and a profound message was immediately transmitted to Xiao Yan's mind.

"The eighth-rank heaven-level peak elixir, the reincarnation elixir, requires all the medicinal materials that belong to the list of elixir, including ice marrow and fire spirit fruit, 30,000-year-old magic whale stone, and earth mattress." A few simple words. Those words, like a thunderbolt from the blue, deeply hurt Xiao Yan's heart.

"I accuse you, so terrifying?" After a while, Xiao Yan's face darkened, and he couldn't help but smack his tongue secretly.

When he got half of the residual picture, Xiao Yan secretly searched for the medicinal pill that devoured this holy flame, but there was no result. Now, he was lucky enough to encounter the Ice Essence Fire Spirit Fruit at the auction here, and a trace of power was released. It was only by chance that he touched some of the obscure energies of the residual map, and the information of this medicinal pill was leaked.

However, now that there is the third-ranked pill that swallows the holy flames, this collection of medicinal materials has become a big stone in Xiao Yan's heart, which is quite heavy.

Although the Ice Essence Fire Spirit Fruit was right in front of him, Xiao Yan asked himself that with his and Xun'er's background, it would be extremely difficult to bid for it.

In addition, there is the so-called 30,000-year Demon Whale Stone.

The Demon Whale Stone is the life-long essence of the Ocean Overlord Deep Sea Demon Whale, and for the Ocean Warcraft, the 30,000-year lifespan undoubtedly indicates that its strength has survived three calamities safely and has reached a truly terrifying existence.

Survive three calamities?

What is that concept?

That kind of power is just as tyrannical as humans have gone through the triple reincarnation calamity?

I wonder if Xiao Yan is now only a mere Seven Star Fighting Immortal, should he fight directly with a strong man who is comparable to the triple reincarnation robbery of human beings?

Furthermore, the rank of this kind of pill reached the peak of the eighth rank of the holy rank, and with Xiao Yan's current medicine refining skills, there was obviously still a long way to go.

There is also the last medicinal material, which Xiao Yan has never heard of, but looking at its literal meaning, it is probably a very difficult thing to find.

"Brother Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Xun'er seemed to notice Xiao Yan's abnormality and couldn't help but ask with concern.

"It's alright." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, then slowly raised his hand and raised his tone.

"I am willing to offer an ancient dragon source spar as a bargaining chip." Xiao Yan said softly, no matter if he could do it or not, he still decided to give it a try.

If you are unlucky, try your courage...

If the courage is not good, it is not bad to try luck.

"Oh?"

"Ancient Dragon Origin Crystal?" Listening to Xiao Yan's bid, the noisy voices of countless powerhouses behind him gradually became quiet, and they all stared at Xiao Yan in unison.

I have to be good, the ancient dragon source crystal?

The name of this kind of treasure is probably familiar to the strong, and the value of the ancient dragon source crystal is extremely extraordinary, and it has directly crushed the auction chips that the former strong men took out. After all, if you get a piece, it will be tempered with the inner dragon blood essence The body is enough to crush the powerhouse of the same level.

"I am willing to give out a heart of spiritual veins." The soft eyes of the old Lingxi of the spiritual clan were slightly projected towards Xiao Yan, and he said after a while.

For Xiao Yan and Xun'er, even based on her experience, it is unheard of, but the fierce breath of these two people and the treasures they can take out are definitely not like ordinary people...

But when did such a tyrannical force appear in Douyun Continent?

The top of the pyramid of Douyun Continent has always been firmly controlled by the seven ancient clans.

"The Heart of the Spirit Vein?" With the bid of the old man of Lingxi, there was a commotion at the scene.

The spirit clan has a natural advantage that cannot be compared among the seven ancient clans, creating spirit veins.

And the heart of the spiritual vein is the core of a spiritual vein. With the heart of the spiritual vein, it is enough to create a spiritual vein full of energy and power in the world for future generations to enjoy. If the number of spiritual hearts is large enough, It is even possible to easily create a treasure land that surpasses the Yunling Mountains. I think that the Yunling Mountains took three spiritual hearts to forge it, and the spiritual energy of heaven and earth has been prosperous for 10,000 years. With countless geniuses, this is enough to explain the tyranny of the heart of the spiritual vein.

"Since the Spirit Race has taken action, then our Spirit Race will also come to intervene."

"My soul clan is willing to exchange a volume of intermediate-level immortal fighting skills as a bargaining chip."

Standing up slightly, Hunxuzi glanced at the old man of Lingxi, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Intermediate Immortal Art?"

"I also ask the guests of Hunxuzi to explain the specific use of fighting skills, so that our elder pavilion can make a better judgment." Yaoyun said with a frown upon hearing this.

"Hehe, everyone, don't be in a hurry, and listen to me slowly talk about fighting skills."

"This fighting technique was created by our Soul Void Patriarch. It is called Soul Melting Technique. It can fuse other people's souls in a short period of time, so that the power of one's own soul can break through the current shackles in a short time, and it can also separate other people's souls afterwards. And there will only be some fairly mild sequelae."

"And the biggest benefit of this fighting skill is the alchemist."

"There should be a lot of alchemists who have reached the pinnacle of the Immortal Rank among the Pharmacists, who are struggling to enter the Holy Rank, right?"

"If you have this fighting skill, you can temporarily increase their soul power, and have the soul power of quasi-sacred rank to refine medicine pills. I believe it will be extremely easy for them to advance to the future." Hun Xuzi Wei Wei Opening up, it seems that this rolling fighting technique is specifically aimed at the medicine family.

"Forget it, these lunatics..." After hearing the words from the Yan Clan and some strong men with lingering fears, they also lost interest.

After all, even the entire Dou Di Continent is owned by the Medicine Clan, and the Medicine Clan's heritage has only had a handful of pharmacists since ancient times, and they have not even broken through the double-digit existence. Spending a lot of money to buy a medicinal herb may not be worth the money.

For a time, the competition for the Ice Essence Fire Spirit Fruit actually became a stage for Xiao Yan, Lingxi Lao Xi and Hun Xuzi, but I didn't know who would have the last laugh in the end.