Chapter Vol 4 1755: 5 Color Swallowing Heavenly Force vs Poison Brake Demon Empress! ...

"My lord... Now many forces in the core circle of Xuanling Continent have united, and they have formed a mighty coalition, and the huge defensive cover has blocked the pace of our attack." Beneath the shadow, there is endless evil.

But at the same time, a thousand-zhang defensive energy shield instigated by the dazzling five-color energy completely protected the entire Xuantian Santian huge space.

"Increasing the attack power, we must defeat it in the shortest time. Otherwise, once discovered by the powerhouses of the other three continents on the Dou Di Continent, our situation will be extremely bad." Seeing that the human below was about to show sadness, pain and despair through this huge defensive hood, he couldn't help laughing.

"But my lord, it seems that there is some supreme power above this defensive energy cover, and we can't break it at all with our power alone." Listening to the words of the Poison Sha Demon Empress, some of the strong men in the shadows couldn't bear it. Live looked at each other in dismay.

They are thousands of figures, and their strength is in the ranks of one-star fighting immortals to three-star fighting immortals, but when they joined forces to attack the defensive cover, they were disturbed by a five-color force, and even the five-color energy contained in it. With a powerful force that shocked their hearts.

As for the more arrogant four-star or even five-star evil shadows, they all have a good position, quietly crawling behind the Poisonous Demon Empress.

The defensive energy cover led by Her Majesty Queen Medusa Cailin was a defensive cover that Cailin did not hesitate to use the power of the source to inject the power of the ten-color swallowing python's blood, so many small shrimps tried to crack it, naturally it was just asking for a dead end. .

"Go away!" After a while, looking at the sky inside Xuantian's defensive hood, led by a shadow wrapped in a five-color halo, dozens of figures with tyrannical aura appeared, and the Demon Empress of Poison Brahma did not hesitate any more. On the top, a smear of extremely poisonous green energy was condensed by it, and immediately there was no bells and whistles, and it was only lightly projected by it towards the five-color defensive cover.

"Boom!" The gorgeous explosion spread gently like fireworks, and the indestructible defensive cover was instantly shattered by it, turning into fragments and falling down.

"Cough cough... Six-star Fighting Immortal?" Just when the defensive cover was broken, Cailin's breath faintly shook, which obviously had a big impact on it.

"Queen Medusa." The defensive cover just shattered, and the Demon Empress Dusha suddenly stepped forward, her eyes fixed on Cailin.

The two of them are both women, and the fighting qi they cultivate is extremely poisonous, so they were very jealous when they first met.

"There are many wonderful things in your body, so I don't mind eating you slowly." A faint light burst out from the eyes of the Poisonous Demon Empress.

"I really mean it!" Seeing this, Cailin slowly raised her slender jade hand, and two extremely tyrannical attacks were suddenly mixed together.

As for other places.

As the defensive cover just dissipated, the monstrous evil aura formed by thousands of evil figures filled the entire Xuantian Sky like a heat wave. For a time, it was like a hellish scene.

"Come on!"

"It's time to defend the country!"

"Kill them for me!" The two sides started a fierce battle without stopping, but it was strange to say that although the strength of many powerhouses in Xuan Santian was not as strong as that of the evil ones, the blood that was not afraid of death was unexpectedly It is to let them vaguely gain the upper hand. You must know that among the thousand evil figures, there are many high-level and earth-level evil demons, who are so deadlocked by the Xuantian powerhouse, and most of these guys who fought up It was some unfamiliar faces, and the outcome of the battle was suddenly unknown.

As for Fen Tian and other super sect powerhouses, they found the evil demon for a while, and they became entangled. Although they could not defeat it in a short time, the delay was enough. However, many super sects were also shadowed by countless evil figures. They attacked one after another, and Xuan Santian suffered an unprecedented blow.

"Is this the so-called Lord of the Profound Spirit Continent... that's just the case." After a fight, the Demon Empress of Poison Bracers stood quietly in the sky, looking at Cailin indifferently, and said contemptuously.

These guys, except Cailin who has a five-star Dou Xian, the other strongest, it seems that only three-star Dou Xian is complete, and the strength is more than two-star Dou Xian, I am afraid there are only one-handed.

However, what the Demon Empress of Dusha did not expect was that the strength of the five-star Dou Xian in the Cailin District could actually be tied with herself?

You must know that your current strength is not what it used to be. He has already reached the six-star Dou Xian consummation, and it is like the sky and the ground in the early stage of the five-star Dou Xian. Yes, the five-color halo on Cailin's body was able to isolate nearly half of his attacks, not to mention that this power also gave him an inexplicable fear.

"No, you are wrong."

"I'm not the king of Mysterious Spirit Continent, I'm just here to help someone guard this territory." His chest heaved violently. Obviously, the battle with the Poison Sha Demon Empress just now caused a lot of damage to Cailin, but it was still the same. The corner of his mouth smiled lightly.

"Oh...then who is the king of the Xuanling Continent?"

"Now that the continent is about to be destroyed, the king of the dignified Xuanling Continent doesn't appear, it's really..." Hearing Cai Lin's words, the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple smiled instead The battle here is no longer a winner. The slightest suspense, the outcome of life and death is only in one's own moment.

"Who is it... don't you know?" After a while, Cai Lin also laughed.

When they just fought, Cai Lin noticed that this guy had a faint scent of flame, and that flame was clearly the scent of Fire Heart Tianyan in Xiao Yan's body, so he was relieved.

"Since you insist on courting death, then you can't blame me!"

"Destroying the Heavenly Evil Crossbow-Dusha Bow!" Seeing Cailin's weird smile, the Poisonous Sha Demon Empress was furious, she raised her head to the sky and let out a long roar. Suddenly, countless evil forces surged around her body, and for a while, it turned into a monster in front of her. A gigantic green crossbow.

On the green bow and crossbow, tiny patterns like ants emerged, but this evil pattern revealed a strong evil aura, which was disturbing.

The green crossbow just appeared, the entire sky was completely quiet, and a touch of death's depression filled the hearts of countless people.

"Is this... the end of the day?" Some commoners living in Xuantian looked at the woman in red who slowly touched the green bow and crossbow like a demon in the sky, and couldn't help but mumble.

"Give this empress to fall here completely!" Without any hesitation, the green evil power on the body of the Poisonous Demon Empress actually burned slowly, and immediately raised her palm and gently placed it on top of the evil bow and crossbow.

The bow and crossbow without Gong Xuan was so attached by the Poisonous Demon Empress, a green bow Xuan appeared in an instant, and the power contained in it was unrivaled!

"My Lady Queen!"

"grown ups!"

"Cai Lin!" Seeing such an appalling attack, Xuan Tianyi's senior management couldn't help roaring at him.

A queen like Cailin clearly wanted to use her own power to fall with her!