Chapter Vol 4 1360: In the early stage of 3 Star Dou Xian, Illusory Eye!

"It's a very strong attack... but it's a pity, I still can't escape the end of the fall today!"

"By the way, I forgot to tell you that the ability of our race is to control the enemy. Controlling the enemy can enhance the strength of the controller in disguise, and enhance its own strength through killing."

"Now...you can die!"

"Hahaha!" Seeing that Yun Qi, who had used the Fire Element Heavenly Seed and Soul Power to the extreme, still couldn't resist the attacks of the two, the green-robed man burst into laughter!

"Damn... it's still too reluctant..." A beautiful figure, like a spent flower, under the front and back of the two tyrannical attacks, the aura quickly wilted, and the figure slowly descended to the ground, and once Yun Qi's fighting qi was exhausted, Even if he can't mobilize the little heavenly seed, or even the power of the soul can't be used, by that time, I am afraid that it will not be far from the fall.

"Xiao Yan, he's really a nasty guy... But I hope you can help everyone out of this predicament." After casting the last tyrannical defense, all his strength was exhausted immediately, the defenses around him collapsed, and his delicate body was exposed. in the air.

"Death!" Seeing this, Mu Xiao and Xue Crystal saw the attack in their hands constantly wriggling, and then increased their strength, and they were about to completely obliterate Yun Qi in an instant.

"It's over..."

"The strongest of the younger generation in Dongzhou is nothing more than that."

"After the so-called pastoral song is killed, it will be the official revenge with the sword-forging Thunder Valley." Looking at Yun Qi, who was about to wither like a spent flower, the man in the green robe slowly shook his head.

"Eldest sister of the Tangtang Alchemist Association, how can you give up if you give up?"

"Am I right?"

"Senior Sister Yunqi!" The next moment, just as Mu Xiao and Xue Jing were about to hit Yun Qi, who was on the verge of dying, a hearty laughter suddenly reverberated throughout the space!

"who is it?"

"Get out of here!" This roar actually made the green-robed man feel a strange sense of fear, and he couldn't help but glance around and said.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, the void in front of Yun Qi shook suddenly, and a figure bathed in khaki flames lightly patted the attacks of Mu Xiao and Blood Crystal, and suddenly two Dao attack, collapse.

"Xiao...Xiao Yan..." Yun Qi called out weakly, and then his body suddenly dropped, falling to the ground.

"Pfft." Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly opened his hands and caught Yun Qi's delicate body, because the speed of the fall was extremely fast, and Xiao Yan had just dealt with the attack of Mu Xiao and the two, and his posture immediately became strange. Also due to gravity, Xiao Yan's palm touched the soft spot on top of the delicate body, rising and falling.

"En..." Yun Qi, who was in a weak state, obviously became a little blurry. He was moved by Xiao Yan and couldn't help but let out a light hum.

"Oh, it hurts!" Xiao Yan's eyes were locked on the figures in front of him. Naturally, he hadn't noticed this scene yet. The Saint Yan's heart in his chest suddenly felt a tingling pain. Give back some.

"You... what's wrong with you?" Yun Qi obviously sensed something, and immediately his pale face was replaced by a blush.

"What an evil power..." Xiao Yan tried to divert his attention, and the huge soul force found the evil power that was constantly eroding in Yun Qi's body, and said immediately.

"Weng Om Om!" The power of the khaki holy flame, under Xiao Yan's control, poured directly into Yun Qi's body.

"do not move."

"The injury in your body is too serious. I will use the power of holy flame to temporarily stabilize your injury." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, Yun Qi's body has been eroded by the power of evil because he was seriously injured by the green robe man. Motivated too much power, causing the spread of evil power to be extremely terrifying.

"Thank you." Yun Qi also said softly at this time, her beautiful eyes closed slightly, accepting the restoration of Emperor Xiao Yan's power.

It seems that it was not unreasonable when he fought with Xiao Yan's soul and realized that Xiao Yan had strange energy in his body.

"Fortunately, I caught up." The next moment, the void in front of Xiao Yan and the two was squirming, and the figures of Duan Qifei and the girls slowly emerged.

"This guy is very strong, be careful." Seeing several people show up, Yun Qi's red lips exuded a worry.

"Let Yunqi leave it to Weier, these two guys, Qi Fei and I, can hold off temporarily." The next moment, Liu Qing said directly.

"The man in the green robe, I'll leave it to you." Duo Qifei also nodded and agreed, obviously relying on the strength of their three daughters, there was still a lot of pressure to deal with the two demonized half-step three-star fighting immortals.

"Okay." Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded lightly, and placed a barrier in Yun Qi's body with holy flame, so he handed it over to Yu Wei.

"Go!" The next moment, without any hesitation, the figures of the four of them burst out in an instant.

"Mu Xiao, blood crystal..."

"I didn't expect you to be controlled by your strength..." The three daughters of Du Qifei wrapped the two in a triangle shape.

"Crash!" Mu Xiao and Xue Jing naturally wouldn't be polite to the three girls. As soon as they made a move, the monstrous evil power suddenly spread, and the tyrannical attack was launched directly.

"I didn't expect to meet a holy flame controller here. It's really surprising." Xiao Yan and the man in the green robe were in mid-air, and they didn't do it right away.

Although Xiao Yan's strength is weak, he has the presence of holy flame, so even a man in a green robe should respect Xiao Yan by three points.

"Don't worry, there will be something you can't even imagine in a while Right, the powerhouse of the ghost family." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth twitched slightly, and a trace of majestic power continued to emerge!

Since the bandaged man just killed is from the Youhuan family, the man in front of him is no exception, but the two have different strengths. I am afraid that the status of the man in front of him is more powerful than the bandaged man.

"Why do you know these things?" Hearing Xiao Yan speak so loudly, the man in the green robe couldn't help but feel a little puzzled. Their clan was deeply hidden, and few strong people knew about it.

"You don't need to know, this time, you have to die!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, not preparing to talk nonsense with him, the dazzling khaki holy flames continued to emerge, and a strong oppression even made the green-robed man emerge. A trace of green evil vindictiveness appeared.

"Sacred flame is indeed the nemesis of our alien race, but don't think that you can do whatever you want with holy flame!"

"Everything is born, and it has its own mutual restraint. Holy flame also has something it fears, but you don't know it." The green-robed man slowly let out a crazy smile, and the smile was full of heart-pounding fluctuations.

"Huan Zun's capable generals, Huan Tong, the initial strength of Samsung Fighting Immortal..." Seeing the green circles of evil fighting spirit emerging from the green robe man, Xiao Yan's mind suddenly appeared in the mind of the man in bandages. memory! ...

​​

First set a small goal, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: