Chapter 71: Refine the Yin and Yang Heart!

Su Xue obviously didn't know what Xiao Yan was thinking, but when she saw the yin and yang forces in Xiao Yan's palm, she couldn't help but be surprised because of her cold personality.

How did Xiao Yan possess such two powers? A question appeared in Su Xueying's heart.

Although Xiao Yan has the power to solve the yin and yang heart, Su Xueying is not easy to speak, let alone **** it directly. She just treated Xiao Yan like that, it is really...

When she saw the pure yang power in Xiao Yan's palm flying towards her, Su Xueying's eyes flashed with a hint of hesitation, she treated him like this, why did he...

However, Su Xueying is not a long-winded person, she stretched out her jade hand to take over the force.

As soon as the light group entered the hands, there was a sudden burst of dragon roars. Obviously, the power of pure yang was decomposed by the seventh-grade medicinal herb Yin-Yang Xuanlong Pill, but Su Xueying didn't know so much. As far as she was concerned, it still did not pose a threat, so the jade hand raised slightly, and the blue flame shrouded the light group.

Su Xueying felt the power of the pure yang in front of her, and was afraid of repeating the same mistakes she just made, so Qinglian slowly rested on her jade feet, and the blue flames instantly enveloped her whole body, apparently intending to absorb the power of the fusion of the two. .

Xiao Yan also looked at Su Xueying's behavior, so he felt relieved and sat cross-legged. Since she started to absorb it, she couldn't fall down.

Although Xiao Yan didn't know what the ancestors of the Xiao family had with Su Xueying and the others on the Dou Di Continent, but continued that the Su Xueying family were the guardians of their Xiao family, they would naturally not shirk if they could help.

Xiao Yan saw that Su Xueying did not flinch, and the Golden Dragon King nodded, and said, "If you are ready, take it into your body and refine it."

"Huh!"

Xiao Yan took a deep breath and stared at the pure yin power that was decomposed from the Yin-Yang Xuanlong Pill, which was slowly moving like a life force on the palm of his hand. , a suction force is to directly **** the light group into the mouth.

"Boom!"

The light group entered the body, almost instantly, a violent and almost violent emotion spread from Xiao Yan's heart, and his eyes also became blood red in an instant.

"Damn it! The pure yin light group of this Yin-Yang Xuanlong Pill actually merged with the breath of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard!" Xiao Yan also gritted his teeth.

"The power of yin and yang derived from the Yin-Yang Xuanlong Pill is indeed inferior to the yin and yang of heaven and earth, and it is still a bit inferior in comparison, but this is the only way at present." The Golden Dragon King also looked at Xiao Yan and said. No one else can help him in this process, he can only get through it himself.

"It's such a terrifying dragon energy!" Xiao Yan's eyes were blood red, but he clearly still had reason. He clenched his teeth and choked out a sentence. Immediately, his mind moved, and there was a rush of stone in his body. The power of milky white flames, and then like a tide, wrapped the pure Yin light that poured into the body.

"Wow!"

The milky white flames roared upwards, scouring the pure yin light like sea water, trying to wash away all the violence in front of the dragon energy contained in it.

"Chichi!"

The milky white flames came into contact with the pure yin light group, and bursts of white mist erupted immediately, and the vindictive energy was evaporated in an instant, but the violent dragon energy in the pure yin light group remained undiminished.

"It's really tricky."

Seeing that the pure yin light group was so stubborn, Xiao Yan's brows were also wrinkled. Immediately, his mind urged the milky white flames one after another to rush towards the pure yin light group.

Every impact will make the battle qi in the body come into contact with the pure yin light group, and it will melt quickly like the residual snow of lava, but fortunately, the posture is quite sufficient, one after another, continuously.

In the face of such a crazy refining of milky white flames, the pure yin light group finally showed some fluctuations, and the silky dragon energy contained in it became more violent under the blessing of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard. When Xiaoyi's milky white flames dissipated wave by wave, it quietly weakened. Although this speed was very slow, at least it gave Xiao Yan hope.

However, just when Xiao Yan was overjoyed, he did not realize that the violence that was washed out from the pure cloud of light was slowly spreading in his body, and at a certain moment, his heart gradually rose. When he was feeling a little irritable, he suddenly discovered that the tyranny was actually eroding his sanity.

"The dragon energy of a mere dead thing, am I still afraid that you won't succeed!" Xiao Yan's expression changed slightly when he noticed this situation, but he was not too panicked. After all, it is only a dead thing, and it is useless after all.

Xiao Yan's thoughts turned, and the huge soul power was also exuding a strange luster at this moment. That luster penetrated down and spread wildly inside and outside Xiao Yan's body.

This kind of luster was condensed by Xiao Yan's soul, in order to dispel the traces of the tyranny that was decomposed from the Yin-Yang Xuanlong Pill and tried to control himself.

"No matter how domineering your dragon spirit and dragon soul are, you are still nothing but an ownerless thing. I see how long you can hold on!"

Protecting his heart, Xiao Yan's mind moved, and another milky white flame gushed out from the Nashi in his body. This time outside the pure cloud of light, there was actually a subtle thunder. flash.

"Chichi!"

The milky white grudge radiating thunder arcs washed over the pure yin light group again, but this time, there were some changes that surprised Xiao Yan. The violent fusion of Dan decomposition and bloodthirsty dragon lizard, like meeting a nemesis, dissipated more than several times faster.

"Back then, when I gathered the Nine Profound Gold Thunder, my body retained some of its power. Unexpectedly, the power of this thunder is just as strong as it is strong, but it is the best nemesis of this negative emotion!"

Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan was also overjoyed. In this way, the speed of refining can be greatly improved!

Thinking of this, the Primordial Dou Qi in the body also trembled rapidly, and waves of milky white flames with thunder arcs rushed out, like a stream, continuously washing over the pure cloud of light.

And with such a strong washing, the pure yin light group that originally appeared to be broken, actually began to become a little pure, and the violent aura in it quickly weakened...

Refining, under the two miraculous effects of flame and thunder, went smoothly beyond Xiao Yan's expectations, but around this, Xiao Yan also gradually felt that some of the fighting qi in his body was about to be exhausted. When he was about to swallow the medicinal pill to support the refining, the pure yin energy in his body suddenly trembled slightly, and faintly, a trace of fluorescence emanated from it...

Looking at the warm luster emanating from the pure yin light group, Xiao Yan was stunned for a moment, and then an uncontrollable ecstasy surged in his heart, and he finally completely put the pure yin light group in the yin and yang mystery. The tyranny of the fusion of dragon pills and bloodthirsty dragon lizards has been refined!

The next step is to devour.

​​