Chapter Vol 2 769: 1 more thing

"So speaking of the ruins, I really have some expectations." Xiao Yan suddenly smiled at Old Zhu.

"If that's the case, then the disciple will not disturb the old Zhu's recovery." Xiao Yan slowly placed the medicinal pill on the table, and had the intention of leaving. You should also start preparing.

"We entered the ruins rashly this time and broke the seal of the ruins. It seems that in another month, the entrance to the ruins will be completely exposed."

"And that day was the day when the ruins opened." Elder Zhu said.

"There's still a month..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and immediately thought about some other things.

"No hurry, I'm looking for you, the ruins are just one of the things, there is actually another thing." Elder Zhu said slowly.

"There is one more thing?" Xiao Yan heard that, and suddenly felt that something was wrong.

"I believe you vaguely felt it."

"There are almost all disciples with fire attributes in our Burning Incense Pavilion. Whether it is Tongtianhe or Douji Pavilion, there are more or less auras that you are familiar with. What I said should be correct, right?" asked with a smile.

"Is it Sheng Yan?" Seeing that Elder Zhu said straight to the point, Xiao Yan immediately frowned, as if he remembered something, and asked tentatively.

In fact, since the day Xiao Yan joined the Fenxiang Pavilion, he had vaguely felt that some forbidden areas in the Fenxiang Pavilion contained the aura of holy flame, although it was extremely weak.

"That's right, it's Holy Flame." Zhu Lao heard this, but he didn't deny it.

"This matter has something to do with Shengyan?" Xiao Yan asked.

"At the beginning of our Burning Incense Pavilion, there were one woman and two men."

"And that woman is the current Sect Master of the Poison Sect. As for the two men, one is the current Fenxiang Pavilion Master, and the other..." Elder Zhu spoke slightly.

"As for the other person, it's Sheng Yan, right?" Xiao Yan seemed to have guessed something long ago and opened his mouth slightly.

"good."

"So, now you know why I came to you?" Zhu Lao asked with a smile.

"Although there is more or less the smell of holy flame in the Fenxiang Pavilion, and the owner of the Fenxiang Pavilion is also rumored to have the power of the holy flame, but I am sure that Shengyan is not in the incense pavilion at this time."

"So you came to me this time to find the holy flame?"

"Or save Sheng Yan?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"As expected of a guy with holy flame, his sense of smell is so sharp." After hearing this, Elder Zhu was surprised by Xiao Yan's judgment.

"Hehe, I didn't learn this from you." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Actually, when I sent you to the desert mountain range, it was just to let you experience the power of the alien race. I didn't expect you to conquer the holy flame. The holy flame was prepared for the pavilion master..." Zhu Lao felt a little helpless. road.

"..." Xiao Yan suddenly had a bad feeling when he heard this.

"Now the holy flame has also been swallowed by you, so as compensation, this time our plan requires your holy flame." Elder Zhu opened his mouth slightly.

"Plan?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"You don't need to worry about those things." Zhu Lao smiled.

After all, the powerhouses involved in this plan are too powerful. Although Xiao Yan has Holy Flame, his strength is too weak, even if he goes, it will be a hindrance.

Moreover, Xiao Yan can be said to be an outstanding seedling of the Burning Incense Pavilion. With the character of bamboo embers, he will definitely not let him do such dangerous things.

"When I entered the Xuanling Imperial Pond on the first floor of the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family, I felt an aura that was exactly the same as what I felt in the Burning Incense Pavilion."

"And I have an 80% certainty that there is definitely a holy flame in the seventh floor of the underground palace." Xiao Yan said decisively.

"Haha, I didn't expect you to be really smart," Old Zhu said with a smile.

"But I need my holy flame, what should I do?" The next moment, Xiao Yan simply stopped asking about this plan.

"It's very simple. You just need to spread out a trace of the source of holy flame to me."

"We will find him based on the sense of the power of holy flame." Elder Zhu said solemnly.

"Elder Zhu, the hidden dangers in the underground palace are far more dangerous than you think." Xiao Yan suddenly said solemnly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I know, but this is the last chance."

"And we have a comprehensive plan. This time, we can only succeed, not fail!" How could Lao Zhu not know the danger in the underground palace, but this time, in order to stop the Wanhua Pavilion, the Xuanling royal family will definitely send out strong people. , so this will be their last chance, if it is delayed, I am afraid that Yan Chi's life will not be guaranteed!

"Oh, okay." Xiao Yan shook his head slowly, these things were beyond the scope of his own decision, and immediately said helplessly.

"Get out!" The next moment, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, he suddenly mentioned the aura all over his body, and suddenly both the fiery red holy flame crystal and the earthy yellow holy flame surged out at the same time!

"嘁嘁嘁!" On Xiao Yan's forehead, a trace of sweat kept emerging, obviously stripping away the source of holy flame, even if it was a trace, it was definitely not easy!

"Okay!" Zhu Lao saw that the jade bottle in front of Xiao Yan was emitting an extremely hot khaki flame, and he immediately stopped Xiao Yan.

"Huhu." Xiao Yanzhi's strength took back the holy flame crystal, and then he took a deep breath.

"Danger and opportunity coexist in the ruins this time You must seize it."

"And we haven't climbed the head of the super sect in the Burning Incense Pavilion for a long time." Zhu Lao carefully put away the bottle containing the source of holy flame, and then opened his mouth.

"Don't worry, Elder Zhu, this time, I will let the entire Xuan Santian know the name of our Fenxiang Pavilion's Hall of People." Xiao Yan also smiled.

"Okay, it's alright, you can go back."

"By the way, that guy Ye Meng brought Leng Fuyao with him when he asked you to open the ruins." Elder Zhu remembered.

"Yep."

"That disciple will not disturb you." Xiao Yan said politely, and then slowly pushed out of the room.

"I can't believe that the holy flame on the pavilion master of Fenxiang Pavilion is actually that guy's..." Xiao Yan walked out of Zhu Lao's room, and immediately returned to his residence slowly, and then muttered to himself.

As for the guy in Xiao Yan's mouth, it is obviously the Yan Chi who established the Fenxiang Pavilion together with the pavilion owner of the Fenxiang Pavilion!

However, Xiao Yan still had a lot of confusion about the pavilion master of Fenxiang Pavilion.

Since this guy can get a deal with the Sect Master of the Poison Sect, why is he related to the Pavilion Master of Wanhua Pavilion?

"Forget it, don't think about it for now, let's go back and prepare some medicinal pills. After all, there are too many variables in the ruins." Xiao Yan slowly shook his head, and then walked towards his residence.

And with the five Zhujin's exploration of the ruins, the news within the ruins was spread, causing the entire Xuan Santian to be in turmoil!