Chapter 384: Life and death speed!

"Shabu Shabu!" Following Xiao Yan's roar, the ancient ruler of different fire in his palm also turned green, and then slowly transmitted an extremely gentle force into Xiao Yan's body!

Because at this time, Xiao Yan's body was also in a state of overdraft!

The whole body is sluggish to varying degrees, and a **** color permeates the whole body, and even that complexion is slightly pale!

This is obviously caused by mobilizing all the vindictiveness!

On the arm, blue veins burst out, and there was a crazy wave in the pupil!

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, the giant dragon in Xiao Yan's hand, which was formed by the convergence of several forces, also raised its arrogant head, and then slightly despised the green skull!

Feeling like that, it is as if the overlord between heaven and earth is inspecting his courtiers, and he does not take this green skull in his eyes at all!

"Susu!" The green skull also seemed to have discovered the difficulty of this giant dragon, and made an extremely harsh sound.

"Boy, don't be stubbornly resisting!"

"This is the first floor of the underground palace of our Xuanling royal family. Even I can't break the space here. Unless you are a powerhouse at the pinnacle of Dou Di, you can't fly even if you put your wings on it!" The man in black also found out. Xiao Yan deliberately delayed the time, then stared at Xiao Yan, and said with a slight smile.

The feeling of winning is good!

However, the man in black did not increase his attack strength, because the green skull was enough to kill Xiao Yan. He thought that he was enshrined in the royal family of Xuanling, a powerhouse with the perfection level of the Eight-star Dou Emperor. Don't worry about what other means of escape this Xiao Yan has.

This kid actually let Sheng Yan run away like this, only by slowly torturing him can he let out his heart!

"Long raised his head!" The next moment, Xiao Yan also suddenly shouted!

Just as Xiao Yan's words fell, the giant dragon that filled Xiao Yan's side also opened its huge mouth, and then quickly moved towards the green skull!

The dragon's body is colorful, and the terrifying temperature and the black air around it are also particularly conspicuous!

"How can the black aura on this giant dragon be weird..." The man in black also shrank his pupils tightly, as if he saw something familiar.

At the moment when Xiao Yan's terrorist attack was launched, the green skull also gave off a chill of fear.

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan just finished speaking, and a mouthful of blood suddenly spurted out!

Obviously, this sudden mobilization of all the power in the body is quite a load for Xiao Yan!

"The brilliance of the ants, dare to win glory with Haoyue?" Even the black aura on Long Zhuang's body displayed by Xiao Yan was extremely extraordinary, and the man in black didn't think much about it. After all, the absolute gap in strength cannot be made up no matter what. , so the man in black is also disapproving.

The next moment, the giant dragon also opened its **** mouth and walked towards the green skull, trying to swallow it in one bite!

The green skull is also quite intelligent. It found that Xiao Yan was not easy to raise his head, and he did not relax in the slightest. A strange green aura slowly came out from his mouth and nose, and then with Xiao Yan's vindictive dragon attacked fiercely together!

The ferocious dragon mouth of the giant dragon also bit on the green energy of the green skull!

"Shabu Shabu!" The man in black and Xiao Yan also remained deadlocked.

But the next moment, the dragon and the green skull energy also burst out.

"Bang bang bang!" The unstoppable dragon bit the green energy in one bite, and then, without weakening in the slightest, suddenly attacked the skull!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Susu!" The man in black also seemed to know that this was Xiao Yan's full-strength blow, and then he muttered something, and the next moment, an even bigger and strange ghostly aura suddenly emanated from the man in black. , and then injected into the skull!

With the injection of this power from the man in black, the skull instantly swelled up, and in just a few breaths, it also became several tens of meters in size!

The monstrous evil aura also suddenly radiated out, filling the entire space of the Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation. Even the moment this aura appeared, Xiao Yan felt that his breathing became extremely difficult.

"Shabu!" After absorbing the power of the man in black, the speed of the skull also became extremely fast. Xiao Yan's giant dragon, which was full of fighting qi, opened its **** mouth and tried to bite it into pieces. 's fluttered empty.

"It's over." Seeing that the blood-colored dragon's mouth fluttered into the air, the man in black also said slowly.

"That's not necessarily true!" Xiao Yan also refused to admit defeat. He used only the remaining breath to condense the only trace of vindictiveness left in his body, and immediately roared suddenly!

"Broken!" After roaring, the giant dragon's head, which was empty, was also suddenly deflected, and then the hideous **** mouth bit on the green skull!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying fluctuations also spread in this space!

But the strange thing is that the **** mouth bit on the skull, and the skull that exudes a monstrous evil aura seems to have lost its vitality, and it is indifferent to let the blood bite on itself!

It's just that no one found out that when the dragon bit the green skull, the black aura that was originally on the dragon also eroded the green skull suddenly, so that's why the dragon has this name. The terrifying destructive power of the attack!

"damn it!"

"What's the matter!" The man in black was also suddenly surprised at the next moment!

This skeleton head was cultivated by him. If this skeleton head was injured, the impact on him would be extremely miserable!

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, the giant dragon was also a milky white flame in its pupils that burned above the skull, and then the blood mouth suddenly exerted force, and the skull was like broken glass, turning into pieces of the sky. Dissipated in this space!

"Ah ah ah!"

"Little bastard!" With the disappearance of the skull, the man in black also seemed to be seriously injured, and a mouthful of blood suddenly spewed out At this time, the man in black was undulating violently. Obviously, after the skull was hit by the giant dragon just now, the damage he caused to himself was extremely terrifying!

"It's not dead yet!" The next moment, the man in black also had red eyes, and then his figure moved, ignoring Xiao Yan who was weak, and above his palm, a force with a wave of death also appeared out of thin air!

"Shabu Shabu!" As the man in black hit Xiao Yan with his impeccable palm, Xiao Yan, who was standing on the ground, suddenly turned into a puff of white smoke.

"Clone?" The next moment, the man in black suddenly widened his eyes, and said incredulously.

"Cough cough cough..."

"I, Xiao Yan, wrote down what happened today, and I will pay it back a hundredfold in the future!" After speaking, Xiao Yan also spurted out a mouthful of blood. Obviously, he had just used all his strength to strike a seven-fold sky-shattering ruler. It caused indescribable damage to Xiao Yan!

At this time, outside the passage, a space the size of a finger was also smashed open by that black Xiao Yan with the sound of the sea!

"Not good!" The next moment, the man in black also suddenly realized something, and then suddenly turned slightly towards the place where the two Xiao Yan were!

"Farewell!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he suddenly turned into a stream of light and disappeared into this space!

"Damn!"

"Damn it!" When the man in black came out of this passage, the space that was smashed open instantly healed!

Ask for tickets!