Chapter Vol 4 1033: Battle of the Strong

"What?" Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi were both surprised as soon as Ghost-faced Soul-yan's voice fell.

"I don't know the specifics, but he does have some ghost-faced soul flame power in his body." The ghost-faced soul flame's spirit slowly shook his head and said.

"Ah ah ah!" At the moment when everyone was talking, Yin Tong in front of him screamed in pain.

"This is……"

"Ghost energy?" Not long after, among Mu Yingying and Yan Chi, Yan Chi's voice was a shocking voice from Shi Po.

"Boom!" Everyone raised their heads and saw Yin Yin Tong's body full of blood demon gold energy. At this time, he was constantly resisted by a very small black ghost, and by virtue of this resistance, the blood color in Yin Yin pupil's pupil also slowed down. Fading slowly.

"Do it!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan also knew that this was the last chance. If this last spirituality was swallowed up by the blood demon's golden energy, there would be no doubt that Yin Tong would completely perish!

Although I don't know if Yin Yin Tong still has a chance to be resurrected, Xiao Yan will not stand by and die.

"Damn it, the power of holy flame is so tenacious..." Seeing this scene, the Gorefiend in the distance shook his head slightly, because he knew that Yin Tong and the four days of the Xuanling Royal Family were seriously injured, Although in the end the Gorefiend Four Envoys attached to the four-day congregation and beat the Yin Tong to half to death, but in the end they left a sigh of relief, even if he used the Gorefiend Gold Qi to nourish him for decades, he still couldn't completely erase it.

"But if you count the time, it's almost there."

"The Xuanling Royal Family is from the four heavens. Since you have all fallen, all the disciples in this sect competition should be turned into my best fertilizer." What he was talking about, the mysterious bloodstains on Yan Chi's body also echoed, but no one found it.

"Ghost Face Soul Flame!" The spirit of Ghost Face Soul Flame's eyes are extremely vicious, and it is the first to shoot, and the bright blue flame slowly diffuses out of the blue lava under his feet, and then without the slightest stagnation, it directly faces the struggling note. The pupils converged.

"Boom!" The cyan flame just appeared beside Yin Tong, and suddenly caused a wave like a tsunami. I saw that the evil blood demon gold and ghost energy on Yin Tong continued to stalemate, and the cyan flame was suppressing the blood again. Demonic gold qi, after the rise and fall, even the aura of blood demon gold qi has dropped a lot.

"I'll come too!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan naturally knew that in the face of such an evil thing as the blood demon gold qi, he could only rely on the power of holy flame.

As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan's palm, a khaki-yellow holy flame crystal suddenly appeared, an agate-like khaki-yellow crystal just appeared, and then the overwhelming khaki-yellow flames swept frantically against the blood demon gold energy on Yin Tong's body. go.

"Crash!" With the attack of Xiao Yan and the ghost-faced, soul-flaming spirit, the power of two holy flames, the evil aura on that Yin Tong's body dropped a lot.

"Weng Om!" But the next moment, just after the situation improved, there was a sudden shock on the Yintong's body. At that time, the holy flame power of Xiao Yan and Ghost Face Soul Yan, including the hidden power of The ghost in his body was instantly shaken away.

"Death..." After doing all this, the blood in Yin Tong's pupils subsided a lot, but looking at this appearance, it was still controlled by the blood demon.

After a short while, the jade qin on the back of Yin Tong's body was slightly removed by it, and then it directly appeared in the sky to sit and stand.

"Not good..." But just after seeing this scene, Yan Chi's voice suddenly emerged.

Yin Tong Yin Tong, as his name suggests, this guy can become the number one genius of Burning Incense Pavilion in a short period of time, and he naturally relies on his extraordinary talent and strength.

Not only did Yin Yin Tong successfully cultivate the treasure of the Hall of People, his power greatly increased, but the most powerful thing about Yin Tong was the way of the sound system.

Yin Yin Tong has a unique insight into sound since childhood, so if he uses a sound system attack, I am afraid that no one at the same level will dare to fight against it, let alone add the magic weapon of Yuqin!

"Xiao Yi, I always feel that something is wrong. You go down and look at Mu Yingying and Yan Chi. Here, Senior Ghost Face Soul Yan and I will deal with it." Xiao Yan looked at Yin Tong who was ready to go, and couldn't help saying.

As the Gorefiend calmed down and dispatched Note Tong, the Holy Flame Soul Seed in Xiao Yan's body became more and more restless, which is why this decision was made.

"Okay." Xiao Yi agreed directly, and then returned to Mu Yingying and the others.

"This guy, a very strong attack." The spirit of ghost face and soul flame was entrenched in the cyan melt, his eyes fixed on the note pupil in front of him, and a heavy feeling came out.

"Om!" With the actions of Xiao Yan and the others, the evil note pupil, his fingers gently plucked the strings, but every time there was a wave, there would be extremely strong energy fluctuations on the strings.

"Shabu Shabu!" With a flick of his finger, a sound wave with fierce energy immediately attacked the two of Xiao Yan directly above the jade qin.

"Immortal body!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan was startled at first, but then he didn't want to be neglected, and directly called out his immortal body to try to defend.

"Putong, puff." After a while, the ghost-faced soul flame spirit on the side mobilized the cyan lava under his feet and directly blocked them in front of them.

The sonic attack had just hit the cyan lava, and it was completely absorbed by the cyan lava, but Xiao Yan still found that there was a trace of energy fluctuations that attacked his immortal body through the cyan lava~www.mtlnovel. com~ This guy's sonic attack is very strange! "While seeing Xiao Yan's strange expression just now, the Ghost Face Soul Flame Spirit said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Bang bang bang!" The first sound wave was so simple that Xiao Yan and the two took over, and suddenly Yin Tong moved his hands quickly, and one after another tyrannical sound wave rushed towards the two of them frantically.

"Bang bang bang!" The sound wave attack just came to the ghost face and the spirit of the soul, and Xiao Yan's complexion suddenly changed dramatically, because with the powerful soul perception, Xiao Yan found that the sound wave attack this time was different from the past!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan didn't have time to hesitate, and directly used an impact force to push himself and the ghost face soul flame away, and happened to avoid the sonic attack.

As for the cyan lava that stopped in front of the two of them, the **** that was destroyed by the sonic attack was not left!

"This sonic attack can actually ignore the power of my holy flame..." The ghost-faced soul flame spirit also knew the seriousness of the matter and said at this time.

"Senior, Yin Tong does have a very weak ghost face and soul flame power in his body, and I will do my best to resist him."

"In the next time, I will trouble the seniors to call out that trace of strength in his body." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

"That trace of strength is too weak... I will try my best." The Ghost Face Soul Flame Spirit said softly.

"Senior Brother... Let's have a real contest this time!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, his body flashing with a magical earthy yellow holy flame, and then he directly attacked the steady stream of sonic attacks!