Chapter Vol 4 1053: Beam of life and death!

"Hahaha!"

"Hello, Xiao Yan!"

"Heaven has a way, you don't go, **** has no door, you break in."

"Although you retreated from the sect to protect the people in the Fenxiang Pavilion, you will die today!" Qin Tian burst into laughter when he saw Xiao Yan's actions.

"Qin Tian, ​​don't go too far. Ten members of the Dragon Addiction Legion deal with a single disciple. If this matter is passed back, I'm afraid you will lose face..." Bai Ya, who was watching Xiao Yan's actions, couldn't help defending him. road.

"Humph!"

"Bai Ya, since Xiao Yan has withdrawn from the Burning Incense Pavilion, we have nothing to do with you in arresting the murderer who killed Prince Xuanmu. If you are blocking it, then we are the enemy of our Xuanling royal family!"

"Go!"

"Catch this little **** alive!" At the end of the sentence, Qin Tian shouted loudly, and the dazzling fighting qi turned into a shocking force and swept out.

As Qin Tian's voice fell, the ten members of the Dragon Addiction Legion turned into ten fiery red rays of light, and in just one breath, they completely wrapped Xiao Yan!

"Old Zhu... what should we do now?"

"It is absolutely impossible to let Xiao Yan fall like this." Looking at the ten members of the Dragon-loving Legion, Mu Xuzi hurriedly said.

Xiao Yan's current strength is only in the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor. With the addition of Xiao Yi's strength that is approaching the peak of Dou Emperor, in any case, these two will not be the opponents of the ten members of the Dragon-loving Legion.

"Little bastards, let's catch them." After Qin Tian surrounded Xiao Tuantuan, they didn't do it the first time. After all, these people were absolutely confident in their own strength, even if they were any of the ten people, they could easily to kill Xiao Yan.

"The old dog of the Xuanling royal family..." Xiao Yan said slightly, and then his eyes glanced directly at the ten people.

On the ten people, the terrifying fluctuations became more intense.

"Big brother... It's not suitable to stay here for a long time, let's leave first." Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan were surrounded by Qin Tian's ten people, and then back to each other, their eyes were equally vigilant.

Among these ten people, there are only three who are stronger than Xiao Yi, but Xiao Yi alone cannot cope with so many strong people, so she said.

"It's not advisable to stay here for a long time...but if you want to escape from these guys, it's probably more difficult than going to the sky." As the voice fell, the dazzling power of life and death suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's body.

"Oh…"

"The mere mid-term strength of the Seven Star Dou Di has actually given birth to the power of death. If you let you grow like this, I'm afraid..." Looking at the black and white Dou Qi energy on Xiao Yan's body, Qin Tian muttered.

"This little power... is not enough." Xiao Yan felt the dazzling power in his body, and then spoke slightly, he knew that if he only had this power today, he might not escape bad luck.

"Holy Flame... Come out!" After a while, Xiao Yan's pupils turned into a khaki-yellow color, and from it, a khaki-yellow flame suddenly burst out all over Xiao Yan's body.

"Holy Yan..." Ye Mo also noticed the familiar fluctuations in Xiao Yan's body, and said slowly.

"This guy...what is he doing?" Seeing this, the disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion below saw their blood surging. They didn't know why Xiao Yan didn't run.

"This guy…"

"You actually want to combine the power of life and death with holy flame!" On the other hand, Zhu Jin looked at Xiao Yan's actions and spoke in surprise.

This kind of action, let alone the Xuanling Continent, has never appeared on other continents.

However, if the fusion is successful, then the power of the two is enough to shake a true Fighter of Immortals!

"Fusion power..."

"Although the fusion of the power of life and death and the power of holy flame can give off a new kind of power, but if it fails, I am afraid that this kid will have a very miserable end."

"Forget it, help him at a critical moment." The Soul Eater Talisman in Xiao Yan said slightly.

"But it's strange, it seems that the strong men of the Medusa family are coming here...Is it an illusion?" Soul Eater said in a deep voice, and then went down.

"Head of the regiment, let's do it, things will change later." Ye Mo, who was beside him, looked at Xiao Yan who was still struggling, and said eagerly.

The exposure of the sect competition has already made the super sect powerhouses suspicious of their Xuanling royal family.

"No hurry, I want to see what tricks this kid can come up with." Qin Tian seemed to be attracted by Xiao Yan's actions, and said.

"Ah..." Ye Mo didn't speak immediately after hearing this.

"Brother, are you sure..."

"It really doesn't work, I use that thing, I believe it can help us get out of trouble." Xiao Yi, who was beside Xiao Yan, said softly.

"Don't worry, be sure." Facing Xiao Yi's concern, Xiao Yan smiled.

Xiao Yan naturally knew what that thing was, and that thing was Xiao Yi's Reincarnation Seal!

The Seal of Samsara was almost planted when the great power of the Great Thousand Worlds was reincarnated. If it were exposed, I am afraid that Xiao Yi would not end up much better than Xiao Yan.

"I can temporarily stop the other seven nine-star Dou Emperors, but I can't take the two Dou Xian and the top Dou Emperor three." Xiao Yi said solemnly.

"Don't worry, leave it to me."

"Even if they die, I will drag them to hell." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the incomparably huge force of life and death in his body burst out directly, and the incomparably pure khaki holy flame also emerged.

"I hope you won't let me down... Now I can only rely on you." Xiao Yan held the dazzling power of life and death and the power of holy flame in his left and right hands, and said softly.

After a short while, Xiao Yan's body burned at a high speed, and his left and right hands were slowly gathering together under the watchful eyes of everyone!

"This guy... is he crazy?"

"From ancient times to the present, I haven't heard of the fusion of the power of holy flame and the power of life and death..." Mu Xuzi, who stepped aside, couldn't help saying.

"Either become a pioneer, or fall..." And there was a hint of loss in Zhu Jin's pupils, obviously hesitating about something.

"Crash!" As Xiao Yan slowly gathered the power of holy flame and the power of life and death in the sky, bursts of dazzling energy from heaven and earth suddenly gathered from all directions, and then poured into the two forces without a trace. among.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Give it to me!" Xiao Yan could feel the unruly pride in the power of holy flame, and the unwilling resistance to be swallowed up in the power of life and death, immediately running the burning rule, a trace of mysterious power, constantly weakening the repulsive force between the two.

"Boom boom boom!" With Xiao Yan's move, in a short while, the power of the khaki flame and the power of black and white life and death actually slowly merged in his hands.

With the fusion of the two forces, a tiny light spot containing three colors of yellow, black and white condensed on the sky. In that light spot, there was a wave that even the powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di were somewhat afraid of. , slowly emerged.

This fluctuation is even more terrifying than the lotus of annihilation condensed by Xiao Yan's strange fire!

"Birthday beam..."

"Breaking life and death!" And Xiao Yan, after condensing this terrifying offensive, directly raised his hands and smashed at Qin Tian and his party viciously!