Chapter 202: The tyrannical 1st place in the point grabbing competition!

"The top 100 in the competition!" The light that appeared on Yueru's token was projected into a paragraph of text, which appeared in front of the three of them.

"This is..." Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, then stared at the text in front of him and murmured.

Before the start of this trial, the person in charge said that this trial brought together hundreds of thousands of newcomers, but only 100 of them can join the nine super sects, which is enough to see that the nine super sects have received The disciples are strict, but without exception, those who can finally join these nine super sects will have unlimited achievements in the future!

"This token can still be used like this..." Mu Feng also said with a grin, apparently not thinking of such a method of use.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Having said that, the eyes of the three of them also turned to the beam of light in front of them.

"Points plundering competition, 100th place: Xi Ran, gender: male, middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Di, points: 1,000!"

On the last row of the text on the light beam, there were some small characters that caught the eyes of the three of them.

"Does the strength of the 100th at the bottom of the ranking actually reach the middle stage of the four-star Dou Di?" Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

Don't think that Xiao Yan is only the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor now, but with the lotus of annihilation, the power of the Dou Array Master, and the ancient ruler of the ancient fire with the spirit of the chi, this kind of killer is used to deal with the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor. The strong Xiao Yan was also not afraid at all.

"According to the fifth-class talent rookies in our Hongshan stronghold, all the top 100 people who can enter this trial are the elites. It seems that we have to be careful. The strength of the four-star Dou Di in the middle stage..." Mu Feng It is also thoughtful. After all, he is only the strength of the four-star Dou Emperor in the early stage, and he has to be careful when dealing with the 100 powerhouses in the middle of the four-star Dou Emperor.

But I don't know why, since the Langya cave came out, Mu Feng could not see through Xiao Yan's cultivation. The strength of the three-star Dou Emperor peak, but now Xiao Yan seems to have an invisible layer of protection blocking his own exploration, Mu Feng can only vaguely feel that Xiao Yan's strength is still the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor, but he can't detect too much. clear.

"But it's just that the points are a bit too many..." Mu Feng also murmured.

Xiao Yan also didn't know Mu Feng's thoughts. Looking at the token in his hand, he smiled helplessly, and then his eyes moved: "What are the points, I have a good way."

"What's the solution?" Mu Feng also asked surprisingly, but a bad feeling permeated his heart.

"Grab!" Xiao Yan also spit out a word without haste or slow.

"Sure enough..." Mu Feng also seemed to have expected it long ago.

"How about it, do you dare to give it a try?" Xiao Yan also raised the corner of his mouth slightly, then smiled.

"Why don't you dare!" Mu Feng also answered.

Yue Ru, who was beside her, thought for a while and then agreed to Xiao Yan's proposal.

Although I don't know the importance of these points, I think it takes a lot of points to get into the top 100.

Moreover, compared to hunting ghosts and collecting medicinal herbs, it is undoubtedly the fastest way to loot other people's points!

But this also has enough drawbacks, so go to strength!

If you are not strong enough, then you will only hand over the points you have worked so hard to get to others. On the contrary, this is the fastest way to get points!

"Then it's decided!" Xiao Yan muttered while looking into the distance.

After all, this is the selection competition for joining the super sect within the Xuantian three days. It is not a place where you are soft-hearted. There are many real strong people participating in the selection. They will not show mercy to you just because you are a woman or you are weak!

This audition is a competition of the weak and the strong!

Since ancient times, it has been a winner and a loser!

Therefore, there must be no sympathy element in this trial, otherwise it will only be a matter of time before failure...

Xiao Yan and the three made a decision, and they were also ready to take big strides towards the outside, looking for contestants to grab points!

"Um?"

"By the way, who is the first?" Xiao Yan also suddenly remembered and asked.

When Yueru heard the words, she also smiled lightly, and then fiddled with the token on the jade hand, and a line of golden words appeared in front of the three of them.

"Points plundering competition, first place: Mu Yingying, female gender, points: 31,000, strength: four-star Dou Di peak!"

"This..." Yue Ru also raised her eyebrows slightly, obviously the first place was too surprising.

"The strength of this first place actually has the peak of the four-star Dou Emperor..." Mu Feng also muttered to himself. As Mu Feng in the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, he also deeply knows the four-star Dou Emperor, and each level contains The difference is also huge.

Don't look at the difference between the early stage of the four-star Doudi and the middle stage of the four-star Doudi, but you can tell who is stronger and weaker in a real battle!

If you want to win, unless the people in the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor have powerful exercises or fighting skills, under normal circumstances, people in the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor have no chance of winning against the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor!

"Four-star Dou Emperor is at its peak..." Xiao Yan also looked at the golden text in front of him, and then his eyes became deep. Obviously, the name of Mu Yingying made Xiao Yan feel dignified.

"It's really a strong opponent..."

"It seems that I have to break through the four-star Dou Emperor as soon as possible, otherwise the chances of winning against this person are extremely small..." Shaking his head helplessly, Xiao Yan also smiled bitterly. The strength of this four-star Dou Emperor's peak is not trivial. Speaking of which, there is a lot of pressure, but Xiao Yan is not afraid of backing down at all, because the road to becoming a strong person requires oneself to walk out step by step!

"This first place is actually a girl..." Yueru couldn't hide her surprise and said.

"What?" Mu Feng also said in surprise Yue Ru's words just fell, Xiao Yan and Mu Feng's eyes were directed to the golden text in front of them, which read "Gender". : Female!" Three prominent characters!

Xiao Yan and Mu Feng were obviously shocked by the strength of the first four-star Dou Di peak just now, so they didn't pay attention to this gender. Now, looking at it, the first place in this trial is actually a girl?

And also a woman with the peak strength of a four-star Dou Di?

This is unheard of!

In the previous trials, the number of women in the top 100 would not exceed one-tenth, and among the top ten, the number of women was close to none. This time, a woman actually won the first place. This is the first time since ancient times. once.

Outside the Yin Corpse Forest, Wu Jiang and Hu Du were also sitting slowly in a pavilion. Inside the pavilion, groups of rays of light were slowly projecting the situation in the Yin Corpse Forest.

"This Mu Yingying is really amazing. The fire attribute fighting spirit in her body is too tyrannical. It would take a lot of effort for me to deal with it." Hu Du also laughed.

"Hey, this trial seems to be more interesting." After Wu Jiang finished speaking, the space inside the pavilion suddenly twisted strangely, and then a huge sense of heat hit.

"Is there an enemy?" Hu Du was also alert and shouted.

"Don't panic, it's your own."

"What happened to Xiaojiang, I came quickly after I received your secret letter." A middle-aged man in a red robe smiled kindly.

Ask for a ticket~