Chapter Vol 4 1845: Gamma's last wish, the will of the devil!

"What the **** is this guy doing!" Looking at the bright arrows swooping down from the sky, Xiao Yan felt powerless for a while because he was in the peak state of power.

Judging from the feedback of his soul power, it seems that all his attacks and defenses will be disintegrated by the bright arrows except for the fire of holy flame!

However, the aura contained in this bright arrow has exceeded the scope of the fusion of four holy flames... at least five!

But now Xiao Yan has no time!

"Big guy, help me!" Xiao Yan said coldly before he could care about Gamma's crazy staring at him. There was an unquestionable coercion in his voice, so much so that an obscure force surged between his eyebrows. Move, it is about to emerge.

"Boom!" At this moment, Dark Underworld and Xiao Yan echoed each other, and a dark chain formed on their bodies, sharing the burden and pain of each other.

"Thank you... Then leave it to me." Seeing that the Dark Underworld Master would not hesitate to use such a method, Xiao Yan smiled casually, and couldn't help but feel awe at the Dark Underworld Master.

Soul chain, this is a unique power ability of summoned objects, which can collude when the owner faces danger, and the summoned object and the summoner share the power of destruction together.

"Susu..."

"The devil is above, your servant prays again, please grant the great demon will..."

"Evil light illuminates the earth, making the pattern of this world turbulent!" An unusually gloomy roar spread out from Gamma's mouth, even from his heart.

"Chichi!" Xiao Yan's body was blessed with countless strengths, and the phantom of the fighting soul showed Xiao Yan's defense incisively and vividly, and even the swallowing technique raised the strength of the strong to the level of half a step and seven stars. Under the increase, above Xiao Yan's palm, the amber holy flame originally vented out, wrapping around his arm wrapped by the dragon scales under the tyrant. go!

Like a beam of light that leaps up from the ground, it wants to stand shoulder to shoulder with the sky, its aura is overwhelming, and its unruly aura is like a training beast that breaks free from **** and longs for freedom!

"Whoosh whoosh!" But the arrow of light that swooped down from the sky ignored Xiao Yan, and the scorching aura of radiance around him was overwhelming, trying to break through Xiao Yan's attack in one fell swoop, stabbing away at Gamma.

"Where to run!" The bodies of the two instantly overlapped, and on Xiao Yan's arm, he poured out the strongest blow of all his current strength, with an overwhelming aura of oppression, and they directly touched each other.

"Bang bang bang!" The white arrow and Xiao Yan's amber dragon scale arm directly touched each other, terrifying energy ripples spread uncontrollably, and even the void around them collapsed in an instant, a faint trace of The time and space vortex slowly appeared!

"Damn it..." Xiao Yan's face tensed up, his body was constantly irrigated, whether it was fighting qi, the source of holy flame or soul power, they were all consumed at an extremely fast rate.

"Mortals also try to oppose the light that illuminates the world, and seek their own way of death... But that's fine, I'll save it."

"Sol, let's go, we still have to collect Xiao Yan's body and ask Gamma the whereabouts of the last Devil Fruit." Lin Feng's mansion, the tour angel looked at the shocking battle circle above the sky, and said softly, The two suddenly turned into a rainbow light and slowly disappeared here, but Lin Feng's well-collected mansion behind them was instantly turned into ashes by a flash of white flames.

"Father..." On the other side, after the princess Ji Xuan and the emperor reunited, many high-ranking royal family members couldn't help losing their voices as they watched the deafening attack on the sky.

"I miscalculated." At this moment, a trace of self-blame emerged in the emperor's heart.

Originally, this election day was only to erase the power in the hands of the two princes, and to let Lin Yunshu fully awaken the power of the stars, but now that the devil has appeared, Soul Wuji brings the army of the Soul Palace, and even the powerhouses of the Holy See are also involved. Time has made the emperor devastated.

All the power of Lin Feng and Lin Fengya's subordinates turned into the power of the Soul Palace and the Holy See, and the power of the royal family was greatly reduced!

"Do it, at all costs, we must expel all the strong souls!" The emperor looked at Xiao Yan's figure in the sky, and ordered one after another to be arranged in an orderly manner.

"Ah Xuan, do you think Xiao Yan will win..."

"Now that the army of the Soul Palace is broken, the civilians in Tianxing City have suffered heavy casualties. In addition to the betrayal of Lin Feng and Lin Fengya, the power of the royal family is only five-tenths, and these forces are far from enough to resist the power of the Soul Palace. The priest and the Holy See..." Lin Yunshu said with dark eyebrows wriggling as he stared blankly at the sky.

"Are we going to die?"

"Probably not...because I trust Lord Xiao Yan."

"Let's go, leave these things to them. Even if things finally get out of hand, it's enough to be with you this time."

"Well, each do their part, and leave the rest to the will of God."

...

Above the sky, the power of the white arrows seemed to break free from the darkness of the blood cloud in which Soul Wuji and the demons were fighting, and a scorching sun shone on it. Infused with endless divine power, he broke through Xiao Yan's block in one fell swoop, and the speed of his breath increased sharply.

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's figure was also shot down by him. Bloodstains appeared on his body. The blood uncontrollably overflowed from the corners of his mouth, nose, and even ears. Completely lost.

"Sure enough, it's still a little short." Xiao Yan first fell on the shoulders of the Dark Underworld, and the dark chain on the Dark Underworld became illusory. Obviously, it was also severely affected, but at this time it was still like a A knight generally guarded Xiao Yan, and there was no sign of retreating.

"Are you going to die?" At this moment, a sense of powerlessness slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's heart, but as the blood flowed from his body, the clan lines on Xiao Yan's forehead never appeared, but Xiao Yan felt all the pain in his senses at this time. Disappeared, his eyes became scattered, and he could vaguely see three shadows floating in front of his eyes.

"Xun'er... Cailin... Yingying." Xiao Yan whispered softly, his voice contained endless deep meaning.

"Finally made me wait!"

"Kid... do you want to have power?" At this moment, Gamma was covered in a dark green blood mist. He was neither human nor ghost. With a crazy smile, he approached Xiao step by step. inflammation.

"You lunatic, get away from me..." Even in the end, Xiao Yan didn't have any good feelings for Gamma, not to mention anything else, just using the devil's lair to study the attributes of the devil, there are countless human sea beasts who have fallen. , this kind of guy should go down to the eighteen layers of ~ There will be no reincarnation!

"There is no right or wrong in the birth of power. What is wrong is not power, but human beings."

"It is the greed of human beings that creates the differences in power... But now I can also honorably sacrifice myself to meet the will of the devil!"

"This time, there will be a human being born in the world who truly masters the power of demons, only this one!"

"Soul Promise, Mekal, Gamma is the last laughing one!"

"Hahaha!" Gamma's smile was a little distorted, even a little crazy. Just finished speaking, the speed skyrocketed, and he sprinted directly towards the diving arrow of light!

He is going to die!

But it was Gamma's action that made Soul Wuji above the sky, demon servants, and even the emperor who came here, the parade angel Mekal, and the pupils shrank!