Chapter Vol 4 1497: Tennozo Remnants!

"Tianwangzang?"

"You didn't die just now?" Realizing that Bai Yu's corpse suddenly came to life, Tiandusha's attention was immediately shifted to it, and a shock emerged.

Although the strength of Tianwangzang is the same as himself, he is a five-star fighting immortal, but Tianwangzang is much more tyrannical than himself. If Tianwangzang was not seriously injured in order to suppress the demon queen, I am afraid that Tiandusha would not be able to completely obliterate him. Du Sha clearly remembered that he had completely wiped out Tianwangzang, how could he still appear at this time.

"The Great Thousand World is not a place where you outsiders can set foot." The white jade corpse hidden by the Tianwang slowly looked at the Tiandusha holding the black flame sword and sneered.

"You're dead, and you come out to pretend to be a ghost, watch me smash your corpse into ten thousand pieces!" Sky Poison Bracers forcibly endured the huge hole in his chest and roared.

"Little guy, you did a great job."

"My white jade corpse was originally left by the descendants I was worried about when I was worried about the chaos of the Sky Poison Temple."

"Next, leave it to me." The soft voice, accompanied by bursts of milky white luster, quietly fell off the white jade corpse, and gathered in Xiao Yan's body. The injured fighting spirit in Xiao Yan's body also slowly recovered, even It is the breath in the body that has suddenly increased, and it is just around the corner to break through the late Samsung Dou Xian.

"Thank you, senior." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he quietly stepped aside and watched the battle in the sky with Du Qifei and the two daughters. As for Mo Yu, he stood beside Tiandusha with a gloomy gaze.

"Tiandusha, you designed conspiracies and tricks to obliterate me while I was seriously injured. It's time to repay this kind of grievance." After the corpse of Tianwang hid the white jade, the bright milky white luster suddenly spread, and there was a vague It is to directly set the entire space on fire.

"The corpse of the Heavenly King Zang seems to be invoking the divine power on the ground of the altar?" The Yuan sisters, who were still under the altar, couldn't help but speak.

"Crash!" After a while, on the ground of the altar, there were also circles of extremely mysterious lines, which fell off directly and flew towards the sky.

"Humph!"

"Don't be ashamed!"

"You so-called Daqian world powerhouses keep saying that they are for Daqian world, but when they set up a trap to persecute my queen, how could they be merciful?"

"So now, don't pretend to be compassionate!"

"Even if you die, this king will drag you to be buried with you." After Tiandusha finished speaking, the black flame giant sword in the palm of his hand was rising, and there was a faint smell of evil that was stronger than before.

"This is the end of the matter, it's useless to talk more."

"It's up to me to understand what happened back then."

"Heavenly King's Relic!" In an instant, the Heavenly King's corpse didn't bother to say much, and bursts of milky white luster scattered on the corpse and skeleton all over the body, and then directly echoed the luster on the altar. In an instant, an extremely tyrannical imprisoned seal emerged. Power.

"This altar is actually a sealing formation?"

"And the sacred aura is extremely tyrannical, I'm afraid it was left by a strong senior in the light system." He noticed that countless lines appeared on the altar, and then directly wrapped the body of Tiandusha, Liu Qing said.

"Hahaha!"

"Tianwangzang, you still have this trick!"

"This move was used thousands of years ago... Now I'm repeating the old trick, what do you think of this king!" Suddenly, Tiandusha roared, and the black flame sword in his hand suddenly slashed at the bottom of the altar And go.

"Shabu!" The incomparably dazzling black flame venom power just burst out towards the altar, but it was completely swallowed and destroyed by the sacred aura above the altar.

"Damn..." The originally arrogant Tiandusha saw this, and there was a hint of astonishment in his heart. Apparently, the treasure of the Tianwang now is even more tyrannical than before.

"Sky Poison Temple, it's time to end."

"The faults in the past, this time, let's fully understand it." After the Tianwang Tibetan white jade corpse finished speaking, suddenly three white jade ribs were directly broken in the skeleton's body, and then turned into lightning bolts, which were poured directly into the altar.

"Boom!" With the injection of the three ribs, the countless sacred lines on the altar instantly expanded dozens of times, and then the body of the Sky Poison Sha was firmly bound.

"asshole!"

"My queen will never forgive you so easily!" Aware of such a strong force of confinement, the aura in the Sky Poison Sha also became sluggish. Obviously, the Heavenly King Zang Corpse couldn't help but use such a tyrannical method, even if it was Sky Poison Sha. , was helpless for a while.

"The Heavenly King... Seal!" The next moment, the Heavenly King Zang Corpse slowly nodded towards Xiao Yan, and then the milky white luster in the eye socket became fierce, and the skeleton fingers displayed some complicated handprints extremely stiffly.

And when these handprints were being displayed, the energy of heaven and earth in the entire space descended quietly, as if welcoming the return of their king.

"not good!"

"Sky Poison Giant Brake Sword!"

"Kill me!" When Tiandusha saw the familiar fluctuation, his eyes became extremely solemn, and a fear of death finally came to his heart.

At the beginning, the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple was defeated by the attack of the Heavenly King Zang. Although the power of the Heavenly King's Seal displayed by the white jade corpse was not as powerful as before, for the current Sky Poisonous Temple, it was tantamount to a disaster.

"Boom!" UU read www. The energy of heaven and earth in the entire space of uukanshu.com first quieted down, and then frantically converged on it like a tide.

"Bang bang bang!" Finally, at the end of the final display, on the palm, a huge handprint beam of up to 100 zhang, with a destructive aura, whistled away directly at the Sky Poison Temple.

"Ah, ah, ah!" When the seal hit, Sky Poison Sha's body also became crippled, and even Mu Xi's strength and consciousness were completely eaten away when Sky Poison Sha entered the body.

"If you want me to die... don't take it easy!" Being hit by such a tyrannical attack, Tiandusha also knew that he would never have any vitality, and his eyes and tone became gloomy, his body suddenly shrank, and it exploded in an instant. .

"Weng Om Om!" The dazzling black flame blood mist spread directly from the body of the Sky Poison Temple, and gathered in all directions in the mausoleum. Looking at the appearance, it was astonishingly trying to devour this place completely.

"I still want to run."

"Suppress me!" The Heavenly King's hidden mudra was extremely terrifying, and he directly suppressed the countless black flames and blood mists. Suddenly, the extremely tyrannical mudra energy directly suppressed these forces completely.

"Ah ah ah!"

"Tianwangzang, you must not die!" In the farthest distance, a trace of black flames wriggled, which was the last trace of the origin of the Sky Poison Temple.

"Die." Without any kindness, the handprint of the Heavenly King's possession was changing, and then the dazzling attack directly drowned the black flame, and even the black flame giant sword was completely disintegrated under such a strong divine power.

At the same time, this mighty Heavenly Poison Temple also completely fell into the hands of the Heavenly King Zang corpse.