Chapter Vol 4 1518: Poison Brake Demon Empress!

"Boom!" As the ghost was thrown out like a dead dog by the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple, the expressions of many of the powerhouses in the Soul Palace immediately became extremely ugly.

"Sir... Lord Soul Evil has been seriously injured, what should I do now?" After a while, only a few remaining powerful soul palace powerhouses asked the leader.

"Damn it... Soul evil, the lord gave you so many means, but still failed."

"Let's retreat." At that time, the leader of the Soul Palace also slowly shook his head. Obviously, the trend has passed, and staying here will probably only increase casualties.

"Take the Six Soul Lord, go!" In an instant, before Xiao Yan and the others could react, the strong man in the Soul Palace flew out to catch the soul evil, and then a tyrannical soul attack emerged, and suddenly everyone formed a lightning bolt , suddenly disappeared in this space.

In this battle, the Soul Palace sent a lot of powerhouses, but the gains were extremely small, and the many powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society were still suppressed in the formation at this time.

"What's going on?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan, Duan Qifei, and several others from the four continents stopped attacking and let the Soul Hall powerhouse escape, looking at the inside of the ancient Qiankun formation with a solemn expression, and couldn't help asking.

"That guy, it's still broken." After a while, Liu Qing opened his mouth slightly. Obviously, as a light element, the Dawn Light Gate was one of the few tyrannical seal formations in their Holy See. When the seal formation was just broken, Liu Qing felt it.

"What should I do now?" After a short while, the aftermath of the battle dissipated, and several powerhouses present looked at each other in dismay. Inside the Qiankun Ancient Array, a breath of evil demons was slowly stepping out, and once this guy emerged , I am afraid that waiting for them is only death.

"The Demon Empress of Poison Temple is broken, we can't be her opponents, let's all go, this time the Demon Suppression Prison competition is completely over." Xiao Yan shook his head weakly, and then faced the many strong people below.

"This...is it really the Demon Empress of Poison Bracers?" Hei Jue and the others couldn't help but feel a tinge of palpitations when they heard the words, and then spoke slightly. They had already heard of the mighty name of the Demon Queen of Poison Braces.

"Come on!"

"Leave the Demon Suppression Prison, and then inform the powerhouses in the Tianming Villa. Although the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple has broken the seal, her strength is definitely not as strong as before. If the powerhouses of the Tianming Villa come to block it, I am afraid there is still a glimmer of hope. ." Looking at the unmoved people below, Xiao Yan couldn't help roaring with a solemn expression, saying that he wanted to let these guys leave here temporarily.

The Poison Temple Demon Empress is getting closer and closer, and the ancient Qiankun formation may not be able to stop her for long. Once she appears, I am afraid that these powerhouses will only have a dead end, and that will delay the timing of their master's shot.

"Damn it..."

"Farewell!" Immediately, the powerhouses of the four continents also took out the magic stone, and then squeezed gently, a milky white halo emerged on their bodies, and then disappeared directly here. They knew that the Poison Temple Demon Empress was not something they could deal with. There is no hesitation under the balance.

"Yuan Yan, Xiao Gui, let's go too." After a while, as all the four continents left, Xiao Yan immediately opened his mouth to some of the partners below.

"En." Yuan Yan and the two heard the words and slowly left here, but with the departure of the two, the formation was broken, and many powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society emerged, but their breath was weaker and sluggish. Obviously, there is no less suffering in the formation.

"Brother, I'm not leaving, I want to be with you." Xiao Gui turned his head directly, and then a strange ghost energy emerged in his body.

"Aren't you leaving?" Xiao Yan asked helplessly for a while, looking at the last figure of Xiao Gui, Du Qifei and Liu Qing in the Demon Suppression Prison.

"I cultivate the light system, so I should be able to help you." Liu Qing replied.

"Aren't you going to leave?"

"Although you are the master of the holy flame, it is your responsibility to obliterate the evil races outside the realm, but as a reincarnator, this is also my task." Duo Qifei spoke slowly, and there was some relief in his voice, obviously the current He also has the strength to help Xiao Yan.

"Let's go... There are some things on your body that you must fight against the Demon Empress." After a short while, Xiao Yan said with an uncertain expression. Obviously, the matter of the Soul Eater must not be said, but if they exist, they will undoubtedly affect him. The master made a move, after all, if his master didn't make a move, with the strength of the four of them, it was impossible for Zhuang Potian to be the opponent of the Poisonous Demon Empress.

"But... that's a six-star fighting immortal." Duo Qifei disagreed with Xiao Yan's words and refused directly.

"Trust me, I won't die until you are completely reincarnated... I also have a last resort. Let's go first." After a while, Xiao Yan's voice became solemn.

"Let's go."

"Brother, I believe in you."

"When we leave here, we will go to the rescue." Xiao Gui's pupils flickered, and he seemed to sense the unspeakable hiddenness in Xiao Yan's voice, and immediately laughed.

"Xiao Yan, remember what you said... If you have three strengths and two weaknesses, even if I step on the entire foreign evil clan, I will kill them all." As soon as the words fell, light suddenly appeared on the three people's bodies, and they slowly left. here.

"Huhu... Now there's a good show to watch." At this moment, in the Demon Suppression Prison, there are only many powerhouses from the Hidden Soul Society and Xiao Yan.

"Hey... This guy is also an amorous kind. I hope this time the Thunder Master won't be as miserable as the previous generation's Thunder Master..." Suddenly, the voice of the Soul Eater also sounded slowly.

"My lord, this is..." On the other side, many of the powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society found that the evil aura suddenly tumbled in the town of Demon Prison, and couldn't help being shocked.

"That's... Xiao Yan?"

"Go ahead and capture him!" At this moment, Mo Tianxing didn't notice the Poison Temple Demon Empress who was getting closer and closer in the Qiankun Ancient Array. He immediately held a grudge against Xiao Yan for destroying his forbidden arm, and snorted coldly. , controlling many strong men to attack Xiao Yan. UU Reading www.uukanshu.com

"Xuuuu!" Xiao Yan, however, was dismissive of this, and with a sudden wave, the dazzling flame power directly defeated these guys temporarily, so he looked solemnly at the ancient Qiankun formation in front of him.

The Qiankun Ancient Formation is an ancient formation, and now it has been injected with formation stones to restore its peak. Even the Poison Temple Demon Empress cannot destroy it, but at this time, the countless evil auras in this sky suddenly emit bursts of pleasure. , as if welcoming the return of their own kings.

"Brother, wait, look, then... what is that?"

"What is that..." Mo Baixuan, the second child, stopped Mo Tianxing in time, and looked at the sky with a dry voice.

At this time, above the sky, a woman in red accompanied a man, standing in the air, and the woman in red absorbed the boundless evil power in the Demon Suppression Prison!

"Poison... Poison Demon Empress?"

"How is that possible?" Mo Tianxing's face turned pale in an instant, and when he saw this woman, it was as if he had fallen into a magical abyss, and a sense of powerlessness emerged.