Chapter Vol 4 2091: Yan Xuan's death, shock!

"Boom!" The forbidden technique and Xiao Yan's strong blows set off a huge wave here.

Linggu, countless medicinal herbs, spiritual wisdom and magical beasts in the lofty mountain range looked at the sky one after another, stuns hit, and the clouds and clouds of the entire medicine valley were all replaced by the forbidden rainbow, obscuring the sky and the sun, as if in forbidden magic. Under the power of , all living beings become abnormally small and vulnerable.

"Hey!" Looking around, the two attacks have now reached a stalemate, and neither side has a clear advantage.

The sad rainbow of the kingdom of heaven was transformed into countless rainbows, completely changing the entire medicine valley. Now it has evolved into a pure white holy palace. Countless rainbows around him beat violently, each time bringing fiery pain to Xiao Yan, as if directly flogging Xiao Yan's soul, causing Xiao Yan to be tortured and miserable beyond words.

The Hongxia Sacred Palace is extremely brilliant. It is not so much a Sacred Palace as it is a judgment hall formed by condensing all the power of forbidden arts!

Xiao Yan has an intuition. Once he is pulled into the holy palace, there will be Hongxia hovering in the sky, and he will not hesitate to put his hands and feet on it. Countless shackles confine all his strength, thus Using the unique judgment in the light system, Xiao Yan was completely wiped out in this world.

"Baxia, let these ignorant humans have a good taste of your former Dragon King style!"

"The body of the tyrant!"

"Destroy me!" Xiao Yan was dismissive of this, and instantly poured all his strength into the soul shadow of the Tortoise Shell who was struggling to resist the attack of the forbidden technique, and then roared.

"Boom!" In an instant, the battle in the sky changed.

Everyone saw that the turtle-like soul mountain in front of Xiao Yan suddenly gave birth to bursts of blue afterglow, without waiting for everyone to think. !

The appearance of the giant mountain is exactly the same as the tortoise's soul shadow, but when these guys used their strength to investigate, they lost their voices in surprise: "Water attribute?"

"How can it be?"

"Crush it!" In Xiao Yan's chest, his heart was beating violently, the dragon's blood boiled, and the scales of the tyrants erupted with unprecedented heat. The energy of the water attribute poured into the soul shadow of Baxia, pushing its power to the real peak!

"Squeak." Everyone saw Xiao Yan's body under the protection of the strange tortoise's ghost shadow, under the attack of countless Hongxia divine powers, breaking through many obstacles, and actually penetrating the Hongxia Holy Palace directly.

"Bang bang bang!" The Holy Palace was struck by Xiao Yan, and it trembled uncontrollably. The power was passing by rapidly, as if it had lost all its brilliance, lost all its power, and easily turned into pieces, crisp and ear-piercing. The sound is exceptionally clear.

Although the power of the forbidden technique is tyrannical, it is only a semi-finished product now, so its power is greatly reduced. At this moment, the power of the forbidden technique slowly disappears, and its influence is also rapidly weakened.

"This...impossible!!!" At this moment, Yan Xuan, who was dying, shrank his pupils tightly, his body trembled, and he kept shaking his head as he watched the scene in front of him.

"Die!" Xiao Yan was also exhausted now, and he snorted lightly. Although Baxia Soul Shadow was weak, he understood what Xiao Yan meant.

"Child Xiao Yan, don't be presumptuous!" At the same time, the Yanyun ancestor who had been sitting quietly in the altar mountain directly crossed the void, projecting a trace of his source power into the spiritual valley, and an energy clone appeared out of thin air. In front of Yan Xuan, he suddenly met Xiao Yan's attack.

"Bang bang bang!"

"Old guy, don't break the rules." Just when Xiao Yan felt that something was wrong, the source power of the Yanyun ancestor suddenly disappeared, and outside, on the palm of Xun'er, six were covered with golden flames. The lingering Jinwu directly burned one arm of the ancestor of Yanyun, and then Xun'er looked at the latter with a corner of the eye, and said with a smile.

"Ah, ah, ah!" The tyrant's body slammed into the air and leaped over Yan Xuan's side lightly. This guy had no power to fight back, and was directly crushed by him.

The step-up urges the scroll of the forbidden technique to be on the verge of death, but now he was hit by the soul shadow of Baxia, and he fell directly. Even if Daluo Jinxian shot, I am afraid there is nothing to do, but because Xiao Yan is also exhausted, so the forbidden technique The scroll was also completely smashed by it and disappeared.

"Ahhh!"

"Little chops!"

"I will smash your corpses into tens of thousands of pieces!" At this moment, looking at Yan Xuan's body and spirit, the brown flames uncontrollably vented out from the body of Yan Yun's ancestors, full of anger like a volcano about to erupt. Restless on the altar mountain.

"Humph!"

"Ancestor Yanyun, there are regulations for the medicine clan festival, no one can blame for this kind of thing."

"If you want to complain, you should complain that Yanxuan's skills are not as good as others, and that he... deserves it." Xun'er did not have any fear, but said righteously.

"you wanna die!!!"

"Today, I will kill this little girl and Xiao Yan together. No matter who shoots, this old man will not let them go!" Yan Yun's expression was distorted, and the steady stream of power was vented. Looking at this battle, I am afraid it is inevitable battle.

"Okay, okay, baby, put away your holy flame."

"Jiu Xuan Chong Mingyan, I never imagined that this kind of supreme fire would be controlled by you."

"The ancients deserve to be the second-highest overlord among the ancient races." Just as the smell of gunpowder was getting stronger, Yao Wan took a step forward, and a faint scent filled the air.

"Ancient clan?" At this moment, with Yao Wan's export, countless old man Xun'er, whose eyes were full of astonishment, lost his voice.

"Gu Xun'er, the younger generation of the ancient clan, also asks the senior to call the shots." Xun'er couldn't help but be excited when he saw that his little plan had succeeded.

"Yanyun, this is because Yan Xuan made a mistake first, and our medicine clan festival naturally has my medicine clan's rules, and no one can break it since ancient times."

"If you insist on provoking our clan's rules, you can only suppress you here first." Yao Wanwan snorted coldly, the warning in his voice was very obvious.

"Hahaha!"

"Yao Wan, today this ancestor wants to kill these two boys again, even if it is..." Yan Yun's ancestor was full of anger, how could he listen to Yao Wan's warning, the bright fighting spirit became more and more surging, I am afraid Soon it will turn into a real fight.

"A lot of nonsense!"

"Suppress me!" Before Yan Yun's ancestors finished speaking, a faint golden pattern appeared quietly between Xun'er's eyebrows, and six golden crows were coming, but the golden crows that appeared this time did not only contain sacred The breath of flame is also mixed with a trace of rare fluctuations.

That is reincarnation.

"Can you shut up now?"

"If you're talking nonsense and disturbing Brother Xiao Yan's competition, I don't mind killing you here again It's just a mere Yan clan anyway." After Xun'er finished all of this, she immediately turned her eyes to Duo. Looking at Xiao Yan in the crystal prism, the Yan clan, who seemed to be powerful enough to be extremely hot-tempered among the ancient races, was like an ant in the eyes of this girl.

"This girl is really talented and good-natured. It seems that the ancient clan is ahead of our Yao clan this time." Yao Wan Wan said helplessly.

For a time, countless people were horrified, and they didn't dare to say anything more when they looked at Patriarch Yanyun who was suppressed and quieted down.

"The matter of Yanxuan can only be regarded as an accident in the competition, but the medicinal pills refined in the hands of other alchemists are probably already entering the second step at this time, so there is not much time left for Xiao Yan!" Yao Wanxuan added.

He has a deep relationship with Gu Yuan, and naturally knows some secrets of the ancient clan, so after Xun'er used the holy flame several times, Yao Wanxuan also noticed it.

However, although this scene has forged an inexorable feud, the grand ceremony is not over yet. Xiao Yan has spent too much time and energy fighting with Yan Xuan, can he still be able to turn the tide and compete for the championship...