Chapter Vol 4 926: The revenge of the Medusa 1 clan!

"Queen Medusa?" The smile on King Xuanling's face gradually solidified, and then he stared solemnly at the figure in front of him.

This beautiful figure exudes ten different halos, but the green is the most dazzling. In this green halo, a monstrous poison gas makes King Xuanling slightly surprised. The guy who is inherited by the Medusa royal family!

The highest bloodline of the Medusa clan is called the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python. If it truly reaches the power of the Ten-color, it will undoubtedly be comparable to the powerhouse at the pinnacle of Dou Xian, and now this Queen Medusa, one of the ten colors is so dazzling. It is clear that he has mastered the power of one color, and successfully reached the level of one star fighting immortals!

According to the ancient book records obtained by King Xuanling, if he could obtain the blood of the Medusa Royal Family Swallowing Python, he would have a great chance to weaken the power of the holy flame and devour the holy flame!

Although Sheng Yan is not in the hands of Xuanling King now, but Xuanling King does not take it seriously. After all, what he planted on Yanchi's body is enough to let Shengyan return to his own hands.

"Humph."

"Humble ants, even his own father is not spared. The word animal is quite commensurate with you." Cailin's beautiful eyes glanced slightly, and then she said, in the words, a contempt slowly appeared, towards Xuan Ling Wang's behavior is quite disgusting.

"Winning the king and defeating the bandit, everything is just the public opinion of future generations. If you have enough strength, you can change it." King Xuanling stared fiercely at Cailin.

"As you go."

"The last time I just left the customs, I happened to have something at that time, and you ran away by luck, but today, I'm afraid you won't be able to leave." Cailin Meimu stared at King Xuanling with a strong killing intent.

When he just left the customs, in order to save Xiao Yan, he didn't have time to deal with him, otherwise, with Cailin's temperament, I am afraid that the previous time, King Xuanling would have been slashed by a thousand swords.

"Queen Medusa, don't go too far!"

"Otherwise, we will break the net with our Xuanling royal family, and in the end, the only benefit will be the benefit of others." Although Xuanling King devoured the power of Xuanxin, his strength soared directly from the level of Dou Emperor to the early stage of one-star Dou Xian, but in front of face-to-face Queen Medusa couldn't help but weaken her aura. Not to mention, this woman just inherited the power of the ancestors in the Temple of Medusa. That power can bring destruction to the Xuanling royal family. disaster.

And not to mention, this time, in order to get rid of his two major worries, King Xuanling made the two powerful Immortal Fighters of the Xuanling Royal Family directly fall!

The current Xuanling royal family, the superficial power, it is rude to say that apart from the strength of King Xuanling who is now a one-star Dou Xian, the strongest of the other powerhouses is the strength of Emperor Qin Tian Dou at the peak.

This time is undoubtedly the weakest time for the Xuanling royal family. The arrival of the Medusa family is undoubtedly taking advantage of your illness to kill you.

"The fish died and the net broke?"

"Why didn't you say that when you attacked our Medusa family?"

"My Medusa Snake Guard and many strong men have all fallen in the hands of your Xuanling royal family. This kind of hatred is not so easy to resolve."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"And the grievances between our two clans are not a day or two." Cailin said coldly.

"My son of the Medusa family, how much has fallen in the hands of your Xuanling royal family, I think you should know better than me."

"I'm here this time just to collect some interest." Cai Lin naturally sensed King Xuanling's strength in the early stage of fighting immortals. Killing intent!

"This bastard!" King Xuanling couldn't help but explode when he heard this.

"Gorefiend, gather your strength and mine, can you slaughter this woman?" The next moment, King Xuanling directly asked the source power of the gorefiend entrenched in his body.

"No, this guy in front of him has the extremely tyrannical strength of the swallowing python. With the power of blood, I am afraid that I may not be able to conquer her even if I come." That trace of the blood demon made the source power slowly shook his head, With a heavy face.

"but……"

"She seems to be able to help you decipher that ancestor statue, we are like this..." The next moment, the evil aura said.

"It's possible." When Xuanling King heard this, a strange thought flashed in his heart, and then he stared at the color scale in front of him.

"Suffer to death, King Xuanling."

"Xuan Santian's death in a lonely desert is not suitable for our Medusa clan to survive. After your Xuanling royal family is destroyed, it will naturally be..." Cailin finished speaking, her delicate jade hand raised slightly, among the ten colors, one An extremely bright green energy suddenly condensed on the jade hand, and then lightly tapped against the Xuanling King!

"Whoosh!" The terrifying strong wind surged out directly from Cailin's jade hand, and swept away suddenly towards the side where Xuanling King was.

"Bang bang bang!" With the color scales so easy, the void that the green beams swept across suddenly collapsed!

"So strong!" King Xuanling felt such a powerful blow from Queen Medusa, and immediately snorted coldly, and the power of life and death suddenly burst out!

Although King Xuanling's strength has now reached a one-star Dou Xian, the power of life and death in his body has not yet been fused, and there is no way to use the force of Dou Xian.

"Crash!" Despite the strength and defense of King Xuanling, Queen Medusa's blow so easily hit King Xuanling in an instant, and then suddenly exploded tick tock! Drop by drop of blood kept dripping down from King Xuanling's body, and then the arm of King Xuanling was forcibly hit by Queen Medusa's green beam with a hole the size of a dragon's eye!

Although the hole the size of a dragon's eye was tiny, the venomous poison kept coming from it, making King Xuanling's complexion change drastically!

"Stop it for me!" King Xuanling shouted violently, and then the black and **** of life and death suddenly rushed towards the wound!

He knew that if he didn't stop the wound in time, his arm would be ruined by toxin erosion!

"Boom boom boom!" As the toxin at the wound was stopped by Xuanling King, the toxin also stopped spreading, but a numb feeling kept coming from the arm. Obviously this time, this arm cannot be used temporarily. .

"The Medusa family..."

"You bastards."

"All of this is the plan of that **** old guy in Nu Dong!" King Xuanling couldn't help scolding.

"Nudong has already fallen, and the rest is your turn." Cailin finished speaking, playing with a bunch of green light on the palm of his hand, and then the green light, like the king of **** from the depths of hell. !

"Susu..."

"I never imagined that the famous Ten-colored Sky Swallowing Python would be so tyrannical..." Just when Cailin was about to kill the Xuanling King with one blow, a monstrous evil force was slowly born from the Xuanling King's body. At this time, King Xuanling's pupils were also infected with an unusually evil aura.