Chapter 467: Find the temple entrance!

In the depths of the lonely desert of death, the temperature is extremely hot. If there is not enough water to support, even the strong Dou Di can't support it for long. After all, there are some very special powers in the depths of the lonely desert of death, which makes the strong Dou Emperor unable to absorb it. Heaven and Earth Dou Qi replenishes itself.

A group of seven people slowly appeared in the depths of the lonely desert of death.

"His grandma's, how can a pharmacist have better physical strength than me... Isn't it because pharmacists focus on refining medicine, so they are all delicate and expensive."

"Damn..." The scarred man whispered in surprise, and then quickly chased after him. In front of the scarred man, there was a man with a huge heavy ruler on his back. A milky white flame continued to emerge from the man's body. The flame formed an invisible defense around the man, isolating the scorching temperature around him!

So even if the temperature in the depths of this desert of death is extremely high, there is no obstacle to this man.

The Scarred Man was instructed by the head of the Blood Blade Mercenary Corps to protect Xiao Yan. If the alchemist had any shortcomings, then he would never be able to eat and walk around. With the temper of the head, the Scarred Man was there. Clearly!

"Brother Xiao Yan, go slower." Behind Xiao Yan, the man with scars said, panting.

"After all, I promised you to cooperate this time, and I have to show the corresponding strength."

"It just so happens that my soul is powerful, so it's better to give you the lead here." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

Next to Xiao Yan, Xiao Yi and Mu Yingying also nodded slightly.

Xiao Yan was not stunned, but he wanted to take the lead. On the one hand, the strange fire spread from his body, and on the other hand, he was afraid that these four people would trap them, so he had to guard against it.

"Brother Xiao Yan is really polite... These things, let us come, otherwise we will have to rely on Brother Xiao Yan when we reach our destination." The scarred man smiled, but the implication was that Obviously not.

"No need, there are many dangers here, it's better for me to start, and I don't care about the consumption of soul power." Xiao Yan said indifferently.

"If this son is to stand out in the future, he must be the overlord of one party!"

"This boldness and courage." The scarred man admired Xiao Yan in his heart. After all, since he entered the desert of death, he has received a lot of care from Xiao Yan, so the scarred man also felt a little warmth in his heart.

The crowd walked slowly, but when the crowd was walking, they were seven kilometers away, but some snake people discovered Xiao Yan and seven people.

"Sisi..." A small snake emerged from the desert and headed towards a certain woman's hand.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This little snake is like an intelligence agent spying on intelligence. Since returning to the woman's hands, the woman's snake pupil has become slightly puzzled.

"Captain, it seems that there is a human breath intruding around our temple... Do we want it?" It was a very enchanting woman who was talking. The woman's clothes only covered some of her important parts, as for the attractive waist of the water snake. And the beautiful legs like jade appeared slowly, and there was no doubt that there was a charming aura on this woman.

As for the person who spoke to the charming woman, it was actually the blue-and-white snake holding the three-colored cauldron of Qingyan Furnace in his hand!

"Yep."

"Recently, our Medusa family is in troubled times, so..."

"Just kill it." The blue and white snake said casually, but the shocking killing intent in his voice suddenly radiated around him.

"My subordinates know." After the enchanting woman finished speaking, she took the two women who were following the Blue and White Snake and walked directly towards Xiao Yan's place.

"Let's go, two, the Temple of Medusa is also nearby." Blue and White Snake had a monstrous killing intent at first, but the next moment he said to Lv Flute and Mu Feng.

"A mysterious human being..."

"Didn't Xiao Yan say that he was going to gather in the desert area... it shouldn't be them." Green Flute said slightly.

"Senior, do you know where the desert area is?" Mu Feng said, but Mu Feng remembered clearly that Xiao Yan asked them to gather in the desert area.

"A desert area..."

"The desert area is actually on the opposite side of our Medusa family's temple, and the two are only a few hundred meters away, which is extremely close.

"But where are the three dangerous places in the desert of death!"

"Even if it's me, I wouldn't dare to enter the place rashly hungry... What are you doing?" Qing Hua said at the end, and there were obviously other flavors in his voice.

"The ancients have an appointment." Green Flute said casually.

"Since that's the case, then you should be more careful, and you will be separated from each other when you arrive at the temple."

"Otherwise, without me, it would be difficult for ordinary people to approach the temple, and there are many structures around the temple." Blue and White Snake said with a smile.

"Let's go then." Green Diane gave a sigh, then opened his mouth and walked towards the Temple of Medusa not far away.

Although I don't know the exact location of the Medusa Temple, as a green flute with the blood of the snake people, I also want to know the location of the Medusa Temple.

A group of eleven people slowly appeared in the desert, which was dozens of miles away from Xiao Yan and the others.

With the appearance of this huge team, an air of fear in the desert suddenly evaporated.

"According to the memory of Mei Ye in the Charming Snake Tribe, the temple of the Medusa family should be here." Among the eleven people, a figure stepped forward slightly, and then said.

"Drug core, are you sure it's here?" The Xuanling King wearing expensive golden clothes said hesitantly. Obviously, with the Xuanling King's perception, he didn't feel the slightest bit of strangeness You can't be wrong. , which I use to probe memory is a pretty good method. "The core said with certainty.

"What Yaoxin said should be right..." Ye Mo, who was beside him, looked around at the empty desert around him.

"Then where is the temple of the Medusa family?" At this time, many people in the dragon-loving legion felt strange, so they all had this idea in their hearts.

"Sometimes, what the eyes see is not necessarily true." Qin Tian, ​​the head of the Dragon-loving Legion, slowly opened his eyes, and then said vicissitudes of life.

"What the eyes see is not necessarily true?" After Qin Tian finished speaking, the Xuanling King's eyes twitched slightly, and an extremely terrifying thought was brewing in his heart.

"Could it be..." The next moment, King Xuanling also seemed to know what Uncle Qin Tianhuang meant, and then he waved four energy drills and attacked his body!

"Shabu Shabu!" The four waves of energy containing terrifying fluctuations attacked the south, east, and northwest!

Among the four energies attacking the south, south, north, and west, three of them flew endlessly toward the desert in three directions, and only one of the energies facing the north disappeared strangely.

"I found it." Upon seeing this, King Xuanling exuded some extremely hot fluctuations in his pupils, and then smiled slowly.

"Let's go." Seeing this, Ye Mo nodded slightly, and then opened his mouth to everyone.

"Let's go." Seeing this, many strong men also responded to Ye Mo slightly, then raised their footsteps and walked towards the depths.

Ask for tickets!