Chapter Vol 4 1307: The fighting skills in the initial stage of the holy order, the magic wood map!

The competition for 50 people to advance to the top 25 lasted for ten days, and Xiao Yan and the others did not make it past the first day after finishing their competition.

On this day, Xiao Yan was living in his own room, trying to reconcile his fighting qi in his body. Now Xiao Yan's fighting qi has reached the peak of the early two-star fighting immortal stage, and he is only one step away from the middle two-star fighting immortal stage.

"Huhu."

"No, it's still close." After a while, Xiao Yan also sat up directly from the bed, shook his head and said.

"Forget it, it seems that the two-star Dou Xian mid-term will not be able to advance for a while." Xiao Yan was relieved after struggling to no avail. He originally wanted to use the rest of the few days to improve his strength, but this mere one The gap between the small ranks was like a gulf, and Xiao Yan could not solve it even if he racked his brains.

"The matter of strength can't be rushed, it pays attention to a matter of course." The Lord of Soul Eater enlightened.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and did not continue to break through, otherwise, forcibly breaking through would lead to no small sequelae.

"By the way, didn't you get a scroll of wood attribute fighting skills in Ice and Fire Island?"

"It happened just before that you fought with Mu Xiao. You also have some insights. Why don't you take it out and practice together, I'm afraid it will have a multiplier effect." Seeing Xiao Yan's dejected appearance, the Master of Soul Eater said.

"Yes!" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he was instantly overjoyed. If it wasn't for his master, he would have forgotten about it.

The wood attribute fighting skill scroll obtained in Ice and Fire Island is obviously not low in level, and now it can just become another means of pressing the bottom of the box for Xiao Yan.

"Shabu Shabu!" As always, he directly displayed his dazzling soul power and completely enveloped his wooden house, so that he could slowly proceed to the next step. This was also the basic habit Xiao Yan developed while walking outside.

The top 25 qualifying competition will start in a month, so Xiao Yan is not afraid that the time will be too late.

"I hope it will be a good thing." Xiao Yan slowly twisted his acceptance ring, and suddenly the wood attribute scroll he obtained from Icefire Island was taken out by himself.

The material of this scroll is quite high-quality sheepskin scroll, but the luster on it is very dim, I don't know why.

"Wood attribute..." Xiao Yan murmured softly, and immediately smelled a rather familiar aura from the sheepskin scroll. This aura was even the wood-type fighting core that made Xiao Yan's soul return to his body. They all exuded a scorching aura, and then Xiao Yan did not hesitate to activate the second Dou Core in the Dou Qi Sea in his body.

"Weng buzzing!" A trace of a firefly-like green aura slowly emerged from Xiao Yan's battle qi sea, and then poured into the sheepskin scroll. At that time, on the dull sheepskin scroll, a burst of energy suddenly appeared. A burst of vitality, a strong wood attribute also followed, and a rather tyrannical atmosphere radiated from the scroll.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Although I don't know the reason for this, it really needs the nourishment of wood-type fighting qi to stimulate it." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile.

"Next, let me see, what exactly is this." Xiao Yan smiled, and immediately held the sheepskin scroll in his palm.

"Buzz!" Just as he held the sheepskin scroll, a dazzling green aura suddenly burst out, and a vibrant wood property slowly diffused out.

"Sacred-level primary wood attribute fighting skills: magic wood map."

"The type of magic wood, including all wood attributes, vines, trees, dead leaves and grass..."

"This fighting technique is mainly based on entangling and binding the enemy. It can be used with full force. It can mobilize or summon trees in a radius of dozens of miles, so as to grow wildly, entangle, attack, and imprison. It is the only fighting technique for killing people and fleeing. You are cherished." Xiao Yan's soul power had just been probed, and suddenly a majestic voice filled the air, this breath, even if it was only a trace of the remaining soul imprint, made Xiao Yan slightly startled, it can be seen that this The creator of the wood attribute fighting skill scroll, his strength must have been terrifying in his lifetime.

"Magic wood map..."

"The defensive ability of this thing is beyond your imagination, because it does not need to be used in forests or places with strong wood attributes, even in the sky, it can be displayed anywhere, but its power is naturally not in humans with strong wood attributes. Local tyranny."

"Once cast, the magic wood will attack or defend according to the caster's intention." Lord Soul Eater smiled.

"Crash!" The Soul Eater's voice just finished speaking, and the green aura on the sheepskin scroll suddenly shook, instantly sucking Xiao Yan into it.

"The inner space of the fighting skill scroll?" Xiao Yan was also a little surprised and said slightly.

For many high-level fighting skills, only the basic cultivation techniques are recorded on the fighting skills scrolls, but there is a trace of the maker's soul imprint hidden in the scrolls, so that latecomers can better cultivate their own fighting skills.

"That's..." Having just absorbed the internal terror of the Dou Skill Scroll, a phantom suddenly appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

That phantom seemed to last forever, and it seemed to be waiting for something. It didn't move slightly until Xiao Yan entered here I'm optimistic, this is a trace of energy left by the fighting skill maker. It contains the display of the magic wood map, look carefully! "The Soul Eater shouted loudly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan heard the words, his soul power was released, and he felt every move of this guy.

"Huhu." Xu Ying glanced at Xiao Yan lightly, and then the figure suddenly exploded, and a trace of strange lines slowly poured into the void.

"Magic Mutu!" An unruly roar echoed directly in the entire space!

Then, incomparably huge green vines, trees in the sky, and some dead leaves suddenly emerged, surrounding the phantom.

"It's so strong." Xiao Yan was aware of the tyranny of those magic woods at this moment.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, those magic trees grew frantically, and even Xiao Yan was surprised by the speed of their expansion!

Moreover, the growth and expansion of this speed, even the breath above the magic wood, is becoming more and more tyrannical.

"It's terrifying." Seeing the vines, dead leaves and other magic trees beside the phantom, Xiao Yan was pleasantly surprised.

"With this fighting skill, I am afraid that my means will be improved even more." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, then without hesitation, he sat cross-legged directly. The practice of magic wood map.

The tyranny of this magic wood map is far beyond Xiao Yan's imagination, but Xiao Yan is quite confident about cultivation.