Chapter Vol 4 910: The highlight is the seventh floor of the underground palace!

Fen Tian and his party left the sixth floor of the underground palace and rushed towards the deepest part of the underground palace.

On the way, Ling Mengsheng suddenly asked Fen Tian, ​​"Pavilion Master, it is said that Yan Chi has a younger sister?"

"How come I never heard him mention it?"

"Yanchi does have a younger sister, but this younger sister, not to mention you, even me, has never met." Fen Tian shook his head and said.

"This..." Ling Mengsheng shook his head, then stopped talking.

"But the rumors from the outside world are right."

"Yanchi, it's indeed Shengyan who converted to human." After a while, Fen Tian decided to tell the story.

"what?"

"That is to say, Yan Chi was a holy flame in the holy flame list before his death?" Fen Tian said so, even Zhu Jin, who was always calm, couldn't help trembling!

The wonders of heaven and earth, as long as the strength is close to fighting immortals, they all have the qualifications to convert to human beings. However, if the wonders of heaven and earth want to reach the strength of fighting immortals, they can only be born with spiritual wisdom and have experienced nearly 10,000 years of savings. possible.

Moreover, once he successfully transfers to human beings, his strength will also fall back to the level of a one-star fighting emperor.

"Yep."

"And holy flame is different from other wonders of heaven and earth."

"If some medicinal materials are converted into human beings, the body of the medicinal materials will be preserved, and the spiritual wisdom born from the medicinal materials will inherit the spirituality of the medicinal materials and become human again."

"And Shengyan won't."

"In the entire Great Thousand World, there are only thirty-six holy flames, so after the holy flame is transformed into a human being, the power of the holy flame will not be separated, because that is their life, that is to say, if someone wants to take the flame The holy flame in Chi can only be killed by killing Yan Chi." Fen Tian said coldly.

"It's still so obscure." When Lingmengsheng heard the words, everyone couldn't help but be surprised.

"I remember that there seems to be another way to obtain holy flame." At this time, Xuan Muqing's big eyes flickered slightly. When she was told by Fen Tian, ​​she also remembered that she had read it in an ancient book.

"What way?" Ling Mengsheng surrounded him and opened his mouth slightly.

"Sacrifice." Xuan Muqing said slightly.

"Sacrifice?"

"impossible."

"The lineage of Shengyan is the nemesis of evil races outside the realm, and they are arrogant by nature. The sacrifice must be made willingly, so I am afraid there will be no such situation." The old man heard the words and shook his head immediately.

"In the holy flames, this kind of situation has never happened, but I have only seen it in ancient books. As for whether it is true or not, I don't know." Xuan Muqing's voice just fell, and there was no further text.

"It's not unreasonable what Mu Qing said."

"After all, in a situation like Yan Chi, when you are besieged by a powerful powerhouse, and you have nowhere to go, in order to keep the source of your holy flame from falling into the hands of those you hate, it might not be a choice to offer sacrifices to others in the end." Tian Lao said slightly.

"Let's go, the entrance to the seventh floor of the underground palace is just ahead."

"The last stop." After everyone finished speaking, they went directly to the seventh floor of the underground palace.

The four of Lingmengsheng plus the six of Mu Xuzi and Xuanmuqing, as for Fen Tian and Zhu Jin, they were hidden in the dark.

"Crash!" The turbulent water flows continuously, and in this river, because it is dark, there is no sunlight, and even the water presents a strange darkness.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

It's just that in the center of the black water stream, a solid stone statue slowly stands.

This stone statue is obviously the king of the Xuanling royal family in the first generation, but it was suppressed by the pain of petrification of Medusa. Thousands of years later, it still looks like this.

Above the stone statue is a sealed space with special power applied.

"It's burning hot."

"This time, Fen Tian will probably never come back."

"I haven't been able to conquer you for so many years."

"I'm dead too."

"But I'm also happy to make Fen Tian's group fall completely." On the seventh floor of the underground palace, a thin old man slowly stepped into the air and spoke to the man whose body was penetrated by countless dark chains.

"Old man Xuan, you Xuanling royal family spend their whole lives, but you are nothing but running dogs in the ghost world."

"In the first battle, your Xuanling Royal Family lost to us at Fenxiang Pavilion, and today, in the battle, you will also lose to us!" The bound Yan Chi said with a gloomy face.

"Hey, that's not necessarily true."

"When Fen Tian retreated, his strength was only in the late stage of One Star Fighting Immortal. Even if he has made rapid progress over the years, I am afraid that at most One Star Fighting Immortal will be complete."

"The difference between the first level of Dou Xian is like a gulf. I think you know it better than anyone else." Elder Xuan said with a slow smile.

"It's really despicable. For the sake of personal grievances, to actually unite with the ghost world. It seems that Xuan San three days have been harassed by your Xuanling royal family." Yan Chi said coldly.

"Since ancient times, winning kings and losing pirates, our Xuanling royal family is not limited to the Xuanling Continent."

"Those guys from the super sect are too ignorant, and the dark night ghost takes what he needs, our Xuanling royal family achieves our goal, and we both owe each other and cooperate for a win-win situation." Xuan Lao smiled slowly.

"I'm afraid that your goal will not be achieved by then, and you will make a dowry for the ghost world!" Yan Chi said with a cold snort.

"Elder Xuan, what nonsense are you talking to this guy."

"Wouldn't it be better to kill him directly to take out the source of holy flame?" The Dark Night Ghost Immortal, who was hiding in the dark, immediately let out a gloomy sneer.

"No."

"The holy flame on this guy Yanzhi has been fused with him for a long time, and if he kills him rashly, I am afraid that he accidentally detonates the holy flame, and then our entire Xuanling royal family will be wiped out."

"Furthermore, this fellow Yan Chi is a human being converted from holy flame. The source power of holy flame is like our heart and soul. Once it is taken out, it will die."

"So we have been trying to find a solution all these years, but we still can't kill him." Elder Xuan said directly.

"You can't kill him with so many of you?" Hearing this, Dark Night Guixian suddenly became puzzled.

"If you don't believe it, try it. If you can kill him, I'm afraid the power of holy flame will not be bound here." Xuan Lao said slightly.

"Saint Yan converted to human beings?"

"Isn't this Yanchi's brain broken?" Dark Ye Guixian was immediately surprised when he saw Elder Xuan's words.

At this time, the ghosts in the dark night were hidden in the dark so that no one could see any traces, but when I heard Elder Xuan said, I couldn't help but be surprised.

If the wonders of heaven and earth want to be converted into human beings, their strength will undoubtedly need to reach the level of fighting immortals, and they also need to transcend the catastrophe. Even the ghosts of the dark night can't help but frown.

"He is a holy flame himself. I don't know why, but he actually converted to human."

"Converting to human cultivation can indeed prolong their lifespan, but when he first discovered him, there should be another sacred flame by his side that is weaker than him, but he was desperately intercepted by this guy, so he let go of the other one."

"But I believe that with Yan Chi, that holy flame will come back sooner or later." On the silver-white robe of Old Xuan, there was a strange power, and then he opened his mouth slightly.

"It is said that the holy flame is converted to human beings, and the power of holy flame is the soul of the heart. If you want to obtain the power of holy flame, I am afraid this guy will die instantly."

"That is equivalent to killing this guy if you want to get the real holy flame."

"And this Yan Chi, even if he is bound, the entire Xuanling Royal Family can't kill him. I'm afraid this guy's holy flame power is extremely terrifying!" Dark Night Guixian kept thinking in his heart.

"You don't shoot for a while, I'll meet them." After Elder Xuan finished speaking, he waved his hand, and immediately wrapped Yan Chi with an invisible force, in order to prevent this guy from tipping off.

"them……"

"Come on!" Dark Ye nodded slightly, but the next moment, he looked at the tightly closed seventh-floor entrance of the underground palace, which was slowly opened.