Chapter 149: 9 super sects (below)!

"Purgatory Hall, this is the most unique of the nine major sects, because this sect does not use normal cultivation fighting spirit, but walks on the tip of the knife all the year round, specializing in hunting demons, it can be said that it is walking. A sect on the edge of life and death."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"However, that's what gives the Purgatory Hall its illustrious reputation. After all, a sect that specializes in eliminating evil races from outside the realm has won the approval and respect of countless people, so this Purgatory Hall is also occupied by most of the Xuantian three days. Respected by people."

"It is rumored that there are many superb techniques and skills in the purgatory hall. With the concealment, assassination, lurking and many other means they have practiced, they can kill the demons invisibly, but whether it is true or not is unknown." Zhong also said with some respect, after all, the harm that this extraterritorial evil clan has brought to the world is obvious to all.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he was also secretly amazed. After all, a sect that exists exclusively to hunt and kill foreign evil races is enough to win the respect of countless people.

"What this kid said is not false. This Purgatory Hall really exists to hunt and kill foreign evil races, so if it is to deal with foreign evil races, this sect is unique even on the Dou Di Continent."

"If there is a chance in the future, I'd better get in touch with it, so as to learn some methods of hunting and killing foreign evil races." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"En." Xiao Yan also responded in his heart.

"Solomon, this sect used to be a sect that didn't pay attention to the three days of Xuan, but I don't know why, since Solomon changed his controller, in the past hundred years, Solomon, who has always been known for being low-key, has also begun to raise a high profile, thus making one move in one fell swoop. Rushed into the nine super sects."

"But this is the case. The news of this sect is too rare. Ordinary people only know the name of this sect, and others don't know it." Wang Zhong also pondered.

"As far as I know, Solomon seems to be collecting strange people from all over the world, and there is no threshold for joining this sect. It is the one with the lowest threshold and the largest number of people among the nine super sects, so even if your talent is average, you can join it. , it's just..." Yaomei also opened her lips slightly.

"Just what?" Wang Zhong also asked.

"It's just that the reputation of this sect is not very good..." Yaomei also said in a humming tone.

"Um?"

"How do you say this?" Wang Zhong was also at a loss.

Hearing this, several people also turned their attention to the demon.

"I just heard that this sect often does some cruel things..."

"And this Solomon has the worst reputation in the three days of Xuan." Yaomei also explained.

It is enough to make the always enchanting monster speak cruel words solemnly, and it is enough to see the poor reputation of Solomon.

"Well, that's true."

"Although this sect is relatively low-key, it is true that it has a bad reputation." Wang Zhong also responded.

"Solomon?"

"It's really a disgusting sect." The Golden Dragon King's voice suddenly increased a bit, making Xiao Yan's soul tremble.

There was obviously some resentment and other emotions in the voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King, which obviously did not escape Xiao Yan's eyes.

"You will know about the excess later, but you should stay away from this Solomon." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also echoed in Xiao Yan's mind.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also looked thoughtful. From the huge ghost he met before, to the people from Wucheng, the mysterious rune on Wu Huan and the people of the Soul Race, there was obviously some connection...

"Puppet Mansion, this sect is also quite special, because their fighting methods are different from the general ones."

"Ordinary people also use fighting spirit as the main tune, but the puppet mansion, as its name suggests, is to control puppets to fight. Although the strength of the manipulator itself may be mediocre, the sect of puppet art can be studied very much, and through some special techniques The method creates a powerful puppet, and controls the puppet to perform a series of actions such as attacking and defending, and its power is also not to be underestimated."

"And it is said that the puppets made by the puppet mansion are quite tyrannical, and can basically attack, defend, and even self-destruct like humans! It's just that the materials needed to make more and more powerful puppets are too precious, and it is not a last resort. They are reluctant to blow themselves up, after all, puppets can be regarded as their second life." Wang Zhong continued.

"Hey hey, the people in this puppet mansion are quite good at manipulating puppets. I was fortunate enough to meet a man from the puppet mansion and fight him before." Sun Ming also grinned.

"What's the result?" Liu Yin also asked while stroking Xiao Han on her shoulder.

"It's a tie." Sun Ming also said.

These simple words reveal a huge amount of information. First of all, not to mention why Sun Ming met the people of the puppet mansion. Dangdang is able to fight with the people of the puppet mansion, which is enough to show the strength of Sun Ming. .

"Pill Valley, this is a very powerful sect. Although it is not as strong as other sects, the number of alchemists in this sect is huge, and the number of high-level pharmacists is also quite large."

"In terms of strength, this Pill Valley may not be ranked among the nine super sects within the Xuantian three days, but don't forget that the alchemist is known as the most annoying hornet's nest. If you fight with the pharmacist, there is no Kill him, then you will be waiting for your revenge. After all, a high-level alchemist is very attractive. UU read www.uukanshu.com" Wang Zhong said to Xiao Yan. Putting in envious eyes, after all, there is not anyone in this continent who does not want to become a pharmacist, but the threshold for refining pharmacists is too high, so many people are missed.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also smiled slightly and didn't say much.

"The Heartless Palace, it is said that this sect is the sect with the smallest number in Xuan Santian, because the number of disciples in this sect, apart from those elders, should be only a few."

"The Heartless Palace, the Heartless Palace, only accepts women, and you must cut off your affection before you can enter this sect. Once you enter the sect, you will not look back in this life."

"It is rumored that the palace motto of the Ruthless Palace is: Kill all the unfeeling people in the world." Wang Zhong also said with a hint of insight.

"It's so hard to forget one's feelings!" Xiao Yan also sighed, after all, women who joined this sect were also hurt by their feelings, so they joined the sect when they had no choice but to cut off the seven emotions and six desires...

"What about the last one?" Liu Yin also asked.

"Wanjianmen, the retreat of swordsmen on the Xuanling Continent, there are countless powerful swordsmen from this sect."

"That Jianzong is a sect separated from Wanjianmen, and the sect master of Jianzong is also one of the strongest in Wanjianmen."

"At the same time, Wanjianmen is also well-deserved number one among the nine super sects!"

"Xuan Santian will be as big as the Xuanling royal family!" Wang Zhong's brief introduction shocked everyone.

Two shifts a day!

Patching is on the way!