Chapter Vol 4 2040: Yaozu, the legend of the lost holy soul?

"Sir, they are the children of some deacons in the Yao family. They are used to being arrogant and domineering. They also invited adults..." From the profound soul power just now, the young man also noticed something, and immediately gritted his teeth and faced Xiao Yan. whispered.

"I'm afraid the big and small scars on your body come from them, right?"

"A manly man, you can't be so cowardly." Xiao Yan laughed, his voice extremely firm.

"Yao Shigui, my brother Yaofeng called you, don't hurry up and come over, do you want to be beaten again?"

"It's just..."

"The last time I played was really enjoyable..." The younger brothers around him also looked arrogant and domineering.

"I...I...I want to take the two adults to the Alchemist Association." Yao Shigui Juvenile Lang seemed to have the courage to shake his head with Xiao Yan's encouragement.

"Brother Xiao Yan." Xun'er was the corner of Xiao Yan's clothes, and he couldn't figure out why Xiao Yan would interfere in the affairs of the Yao family.

"This young man doesn't seem to be ordinary. Di Yan Jie has an extremely hot aura." Xiao Yan secretly transmitted a voice to Xun'er.

"How dare you resist me?"

"You're just a **** without parents, resist me, you're courting death!" Yao Feng had a smug smile on his face, just after he finished speaking, he directly waved his fist and attacked Yao Shigui with soaring speed.

"You are not allowed to insult them!" Hearing Yao Feng mentioning this matter again, Yao Shigui's eyes turned from innocent at first to scarlet, and an earth-shattering killing intent slowly dissipated.

"Wong buzzing!"

"What's going on?" Seeing Yao Shigui's appearance like this, Xiao Yan's hand shook the Emperor Yan Ring violently, and a hot breath came out.

"If that's the case, let me help you." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, and a weak force was transmitted into his body, but just in case, Xiao Yan didn't dare to transmit too much.

"Kacha!" With a punch, Yao Shigui actually knocked Yao Feng to the ground, but he exhausted all his strength and fell directly on the square, panting, but he didn't even think that he was just One Star Fighting Immortal, how could it be possible to knock down Yaofeng of Three Star Fighting Immortal?

"Let's go, let's go to the Alchemist Association in a hurry." Xiao Yan lifted it up, and a touch of pure power was transmitted away, even when Yao Shigui felt and absorbed Xiao Yan's power, there was no Violation, quite easy.

"It seems that Emperor Yanjie has something to do with the power sealed in this guy's body." Xiao Yan said to Xun'er.

"you you you!"

"Yao Shigui, you are courting death!" Yao Feng was so embarrassed by Yao Shigui's beating in front of several of his younger brothers that he couldn't help but exasperated. He just got up, and flames appeared all over his body, ready to attack him.

"I didn't want to get involved in the internal affairs of the Yao family, but this guy has a destiny with me."

"This elder, if he doesn't show up, I don't mind to 'educate' him." Xiao Yan said rather lazily, but the wave emanating from his body made Yao Feng's body tense, and his blood vessels instantly tensed. Solidified, the wave of death could not help but emerge.

"Hehe, brother, this matter is because of my medicine family's poor management, we will definitely check it out." Xiao Yan's voice just fell, a person wearing gray clothes with a green word "medicine" engraved behind him The old man fell from the void to the square and muttered slightly.

"Deacon outside the Yao family, Yaoyan." The old man looked like an old man, and his laughter was full of deep meaning.

"Yep."

"Let's go." Xiao Yan didn't bother to talk nonsense, he returned with the medicine stone and was about to leave.

"This friend, wait, Yao Shigui is an unqualified child of our Yao family, please stay, and I will definitely assign a more suitable guide for you." The old man continued.

"..." Xiao Yan is too lazy to care about you. If you leave him behind, I am afraid that this guy will die without a place to be buried. Now Xiao Yan has no choice but to take him. After all, the power in his body makes Xiao Yan extremely curious.

Apart from Sheng Yan and the ancient emperor Tuo She, who can make the Emperor Yan Ring emit such a hot breath, Xiao Yan thinks about it, and I am afraid there are only strong people who have a relationship with Tuo She...

"Boy, this is the medicine family, you have to figure out..."

"Ahem, how is this kind of soul power possible?" Yao Yan aggressively released his own power, trying to shock Xiao Yan with his Seven Star Fighting Immortal Perfection, but when he went to Xiao Yan, he was easily dispelled by him, even a single one. The more surging soul power is fed back.

"Grandpa Yaoyan, you have to call the shots for us." Yaofeng couldn't help but said behind him.

"Okay, this matter can only be discussed in the long run. We can't afford this guy now."

"I really don't know, why such a one-star fighting immortal guy would be noticed by such a strong man of unknown origin and a big man in the clan..." The voice curled, and the episode ended slowly.

"Big Brother, Sister Fairy, thank you." After leaving the place of right and wrong, Yao Shigui's eyes flashed with tears, and he couldn't help crying. After all, he was only a fourteen-year-old boy. .

However, after some understanding, Xiao Yan and the two also realized that Yao Shigui is now almost eighteen years old, but because of his small body, he was mistaken for his appearance of fourteen or fifteen years old. Today was Yao Shigui's eighteen-year-old coming-of-age ceremony. I don't know if it was a deliberate arrangement or a coincidence.

"Men, don't cry."

"What about your parents?" Xiao Yan asked while comforting.

"I don't know, it seems that I haven't seen them since I can remember. I have been doing odd jobs in Yaowang City." Yao Shigui said.

"Okay, you can follow us from now on, Yaozu, don't stay here." Xun'er couldn't help but said lovingly.

"But, will those guys in the clan agree..." Hearing Xun'er's light voice, Yao Shigui's big watery eyes couldn't help flickering, and it would be a good thing for him if he could escape from this devil's nest.

"Don't worry, leave it to us." Xiao Yan smiled.

After saying that, Yao Shi turned into laughter and took Xiao Yan and the two towards the Alchemist Association Brother Xiao Yan, the aura on this guy is indeed a bit wrong. , I'm afraid even I can't sense it. "On the way, Xun'er communicated with Xiao Yan using her soul power.

"It's really weird, but now I can only take one step at a time." Xiao Yan had no other choice for a while. After all, Xiao Yan was not sure to break the seal, not to mention being in Medicine King City, once there was a big movement, I'm afraid their situation will be even worse.

"It is said that among the Medicine Clan, when the ancestors of the Medicine Clan fell, they would leave behind a trace of 'Holy Soul'. The disciple of the soul will unconditionally become the next head of the medicine clan, but the holy soul of the medicine clan has been lost for tens of thousands of years, and now the medicine clan has mobilized countless powerhouses to search, but they have all found fruitless."

"This is also a concern that the senior members of the Yao family have been unable to resolve." Xun'er seemed to remember this legend about the Yao family and explained it to Xiao Yan.

"The Holy Spirit of the Medicine Clan..." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, for some reason, it seemed that what was sealed in the body of the young man in front of him was not simple, but Xiao Yan would not associate it with the power of the seal and the Holy Spirit. After all, although the power of the seal of the medicine stone returned to the body is tyrannical, compared with the supreme holy soul in the medicine clan, it is still a little worse... It seems that it is worse than the introduction.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: