Chapter 601: The Little Witch Lingxuan of the Earth Palace!

In the Burning Incense Pavilion, it has been five years since the group of fresh blood from Xiao Yan and the others was absorbed here.

Fenxiang Pavilion has always had a tradition, that is, it only absorbs fresh blood every seven years, and every five years, there will be a competition between the three temples of heaven, earth and human.

On the one hand, its purpose is to check the talent situation of the three halls of heaven, earth and people, and on the other hand, it is to prepare for the super sect two years later.

After all, the disciples who want to participate in the competition of the super sect need to win the same sect to be convincing at this time, so at this time, the disciples of the three halls of heaven, earth and people are all eager to step up their cultivation, trying to make it at this last moment. Break through strength and win.

This competition is divided into individual competition and team competition.

The individual competition is completely your own stage. Here, you are free to show all your strengths to defeat your opponents. After all, a strong person who can stand on his own will probably leave the Fenxiang Pavilion and be the object of many competitions.

As for the team competition, it is a more test of the cooperation of an individual or even a team!

After all, a person's strength is limited, so in a team competition, a person's strength cannot dominate the game. Only through cooperation with each other can we win.

Team competition is more eye-catching than individual competition!

"Haha, that kid Xiao Yan hasn't come back yet?" In the Hall of People, Mu Xuzi sat on the straw mat and slowly spoke to a man in black.

"Since Xiao Yan and the others entered the desert mountain range, only the four of them, Green Flute, Mu Yingying, Mu Feng and Xiao Yi, have come out. Xiao Yan has not returned since then... After the four of them came out, their strength has skyrocketed a lot. I got some opportunities in it." The man in black said respectfully.

"But..." Just when Mu Xuzi was about to speak, the man in black hesitated.

"What's the matter, tell me." Seeing this, Mu Xuzi asked with a slight congealing in his heart.

"The aura of the alien races in the desert mountain range has completely disappeared, and even all the alien evil race auras in the desert mountain range have disappeared, and the desert mountain range has sunk to the bottom of the desert. Is this that Xiao Yan? I don't know why." The man in black said.

"In the desert mountain range, there are evil races from outside the realm, but the existence of the Mad Wood Immortal Master is close to the territory of the Medusa family, so even our super sects are not rashly dispatched."

"But according to what you said, I don't think it has anything to do with Xiao Yan. After all, this kid is someone who doesn't play cards according to common sense." Mu Xuzi smiled slowly. The first place of the Ghost Emperor is not bragging.

"Master Mu, I'm here to play with you again." When Mu Xuzi was talking to the man in black, a beautiful figure instantly poured into the human hall.

It was a rather cute looking woman, with jet-black hair that matched the snow pom-pom's clothes, like a porcelain doll.

"Haha, you girl came to look for Xiao Yan again?" Mu Xuzi smiled at the woman.

"Go down first, always look where you are, and let me know when Xiao Yan makes a move!" Mu Xuzi whispered to the man in black, and the man in black nodded and disappeared.

"what……"

"Master Mu, were you talking to someone just now?" The woman pointed her finger at her chin and looked around.

"Where are there other people besides your Master Mu?" Mu Xuzi said kindly.

The woman's name is Lingxuan, and she is a mid-stage six-star Dou Emperor.

Although the strength of this six-star Dou Di mid-stage should not be underestimated, this woman still has the most terrifying identity.

This person is the youngest daughter of the Lord of the Earth Palace.

The Lord of the Earth Palace has two daughters. The eldest daughter is already very powerful, and she travels the world to exorcise ghosts and demons. As for the younger daughter, she has always followed her father, so she is the most favored. She is also taken care of by her brothers and sisters in this Burning Incense Pavilion.

"Did I hear it wrong..." Ling Xuan curled her lips and said.

"That Xiao Yan hasn't come back yet?" The next moment, Ling Xuan also realized that there was no one else in the hall of this person, so she had to say to Mu Xuzi.

"Hey, I don't know about this. Xiao Yan and the others went out this time, and it was Elder Zhu who named him." Seeing this, Mu Xuzi wanted to make a fool of himself, and immediately pushed all the problems to Elder Zhu.

"Master Zhu is really biased. There are so many outstanding disciples in Fenxiang Pavilion who don't bring or give pointers, but they have to point to that Xiao Yan. I can't see how powerful he is at all." He pouted slightly and complained to Mu Xuzi. .

"Okay, little ancestor, although you are now at the mid-6-star level, I have a hunch that when Xiao Yan comes back, your strength will not be much weaker than yours." Mu Xuzi immediately laughed.

"Master Mu, I think you are partial. Did you secretly give Xiao Yan some panacea?"

"Otherwise, when he first entered the Fenxiang Pavilion, his strength was only a complete four-star Dou Emperor, and even if he was strong, he wouldn't be much stronger..."

"I also want to see why this kid killed the twin ghost emperors..." Ling Xuan wondered.

"I hope." Mu Xuzi said softly, then slowly stood up and walked towards the door of the hall.

"Master Mu, where are you going?" Ling Xuan asked immediately when she saw Mu Xuzi was leaving.

"I'm going to see how many people there are in our Human Palace. After all, Mu Yingying and the others gave up the individual competition. If they don't win the team competition, I'm afraid our Human Palace will end up at the end again." Mu Xuzi's voice After speaking, he disappeared without a trace!

"Humph!"

"Xiao Yan, although it is rumored that you killed the twin ghost emperors, but since you joined our Fenxiang Pavilion, you have not practiced here properly!"

"Although it is the meaning of Master Zhu, but you go out to practice, how can the strength increase in five years be as good as our Burning Incense Pavilion, so I really hope to play against you once, so that I can see if you have the rumors. So amazing... I hope you don't let me down!" Lingxuan's pupils flashed a hint of hope, and then slowly walked towards the door And strangely, the other four of the Burning Incense Pavilion The strength of people is not weak, but they gave up the individual competition directly. Could it be that they want to wait for Xiao Yan to come back and participate in the team competition together? "

"But among those people, except for the people named Xiaoyi and Mu Yingying that my father said need attention, the other two have nothing special." Lingxuan shook her head, then quickly When he ran out, the hall of the man's hall returned to calm.

"Ah!"

"Who am I thinking about me?" On a desolate path, Xiao Yan walked slowly.

This is the mountain road leading to the Burning Incense Pavilion, but it is restricted by the power of the Burning Incense Pavilion, so they can only walk!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Since Cailin is fine, then her strength has reached the level of Dou Xian, but because of her character, since the powerful Medusa clan gave her such a great gift, it is also a good thing for her to stay..."

"As for me, I need to get stronger quickly!" Xiao Yan said to himself.

After a while, Xiao Yan finally walked to the mountainside, and then moved his handprint, and suddenly a door of light appeared in front of him.

This door of light is the gateway to Burning Heaven Territory!

And the one that was shrouded in the Burning Heaven Territory was the Burning Incense Pavilion!

"Fenxiang Pavilion, I, Xiao Yan, are back!" Xiao Yan smiled slowly, then without any hesitation, he swept away directly!

Ask for tickets!