Chapter Vol 4 2201: Horror battle!

"Holy flame... No wonder it has always made me feel so strongly uneasy."

"I just don't know which one of the holy flames this guy has."

The old chief narrowed his eyes slightly, staring at the amber flame on Xiao Yan's body, even if Xiao Yan tried his best to suppress his breath, it was the secret of his flame being penetrated by his glance.

The fire elves specialize in flames. Although they have a unique understanding of the power of flames, the flames they control cannot be compared with holy flames, and they are still a lot worse than holy flames.

"You all shoot with all your strength and defeat them as quickly as possible."

"This battle, we can only win but not lose."

On the body of the old chief, the brown flames began to roll, and vaguely transformed into countless complicated and obscure patterns, lingering on his body, slowly blooming the power of his reincarnation.

"Sir, are you being too careful?"

The two reincarnation elders said hesitantly, seeing that the chieftain actually used such terrifying flame power.

They are worthy of reincarnation. Whether it is combat experience or sense of smell, they are far less than this old chieftain.

"Pedantly, the flame on the guy in front of him is holy flame."

"The strength of the master of the holy flame must not be fooled by the surface, do it!"

After the last word was said, the body of the old chief vacated the sky and instantly swept towards Xiao Yan's position in the sky. The power he carried actually made all the energy in this world lightly dimmed.

"Wong buzzing!"

Everyone saw only two afterimages that were reaching their limit, constantly causing uproar in this world, and even a lightning-like flame storm raging out from the two people above the sky, that level of battle, It's a real life-and-death struggle.

"Gulu...Is this guy really in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals?"

"This is too scary, isn't it?"

Lina looked at the two fighting in the sky, especially Xiao Yan, with such strength, he was on a par with the old chieftain of the first layer of reincarnation, and there was a strong disbelief in her small eyes.

The power of the reincarnation level is a truly strategic power in the Great Thousand Worlds, which also leads to the fact that there are not a few people in the fire elves who have completed the eight-star battle of immortals, but very few can step into the reincarnation.

The word reincarnation, with its might and power, is enough to destroy the world, but why is the so-called second brother Xiao Yi, the seemingly terrifying reincarnation level so cheap?

Is the strength of the reincarnation of the old chieftain too weak?

"Second brother's strength cannot be inferred from common sense."

"When I was still the Dou Emperor, it was common practice to fight over the tiers. Now, with the increase in the power of the Holy Flame, I am afraid it is enough to compete with the old chieftain."

"Lina, integrate the troops and fight to the death with these guys from the Western Tribe!"

"Yes!"

Lina grinned, and the power in her body rolled over immediately, leading the remaining tribe warriors to launch an attack on everyone in the western tribe, trying to relieve Xiao Yan's pressure.

Although the fighting strength of the two tribes is not proportional, after the southern tribe sent a call signal, some elf warriors from the southern tribe rushed here.

"The master of the holy flame is indeed well-deserved."

After the simple confrontation, the old chief gave Xiao Yan a very high evaluation. Although the two were only the most basic temptations, the old chief found that once his attack landed on his body, it would not bring any changes. Instead, it will be swallowed up by its holy flame!

Even the skin above Xiao Yan's emaciated body faintly revealed an extremely terrifying sense of strength, as if his physical strength was tyrannically breaking through the sky!

If this is the case, I am afraid that it will take a lot of effort to deal with this guy. It is no wonder that this guy has such courage and the reason for doing it himself.

"Boom!"

At the same time, bursts of energy shone through Xiao Yan's skin, and a dazzling pale yellow flame swept out from Xiao Yan's body. When Xiao Yan's toes suddenly touched the void, it turned into a golden giant and rose into the sky!

"Immortal golden body!"

Xiao Yan's body crossed the sky, his palms turned up, and the mysterious yellow flames formed a golden flame that burst out. Behind him, the space was distorted, and a golden giant full of 100 meters in size was quietly crawling.

Xiao Yan knew the tyranny of the reincarnation level, so when he shot, he used the immortal golden body as a guide, which not only could reduce the pressure on other elf warriors, but also prepare for the first reincarnation level.

"Although I am a little surprised, today, Your Excellency helped the wrong person."

"As ordered by the princess, the southern part must be wiped out today, so..."

"Death to this chief!"

The killing intent fluctuated in the eyes of the chieftain, and on his long arms, there were conspicuous fire emblems densely covered. The composition of those fire emblems turned out to be like some ancient flame creatures, containing endless terror. Power.

"Fire Spirit Holy Palm!"

The brown flames and the coat of arms continued to erupt with extremely bright brown energy, and immediately gathered in the palm of the elder chief, and a brown palm print, which was no more than an inch in size, brewed away!

"Hey!"

The brown fire palm burst out, and the air exploded, turning into countless flame emblems and killing Xiao Yan. Whether it was the brown fire palm or the looming flame emblems, some kind of terrifying fluctuation was brewing. , suppressing the surrounding void and the power in Xiao Yan's body.

"Immortal golden body!"

Xiao Yan snorted coldly, endless chills filled his eyes, the amber flame on his body quietly fell on the golden giant, the majestic flame giant, with a wave of ancient and mysterious waves, intertwined with the flame palm whistling from the chief. together.

"Bang bang bang!"

A tingling sensation that is enough to make one's scalp numb, spreads from the center of the battle, and the violent energy overflows everywhere. Even some powerhouses who are worthy of entering reincarnation are at a loss for a battle of that level The strength of this guy cannot be underestimated, and now I can only try that. "

"Burning Judgment!"

"Integrate it."

"Buddha's anger... Fire Lotus!"

Xiao Yan raised his head abruptly, his body moved like a ghost, constantly dodging the next fierce attack from the chieftain, he made up his mind, and immediately began to move.

"The holy flame flame power in this guy's body is noisy and disorderly. According to our clan's records on the holy flame list, there has never been any holy flame that looks like this..."

"And this guy looks very strange, what is this doing?"

The eyes of the old chief were surging, but he was extremely puzzled when he saw Xiao Yan's actions.

"Flame... Hey, what's going on?"

When Xiao Yan was condensing the fire lotus as usual, the flame cauldron in front of him burst out with a dazzling suction, absorbing the source of holy flame overflowing from Xiao Yan's body.

"Not so scary, right?"

After careful sensing, Xiao Yan was very excited. It seemed that Fen Jue stepped into the first realm, and the power of this small flame cauldron was slightly revealed. Now that he is fighting, he only needs to inject the power of holy flame into it, it seems to be able to Automatically condense and fuse the Buddha's Fury Lotus?

This is simply something custom-made for your own fitness!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: