Chapter Vol 4 1158: Is it about the ratio of Dongzhou?

"Hehe, everyone."

"This was formed by a monster whose strength reached 3 Star Dou Xian during his lifetime. We don't know the cause of his death, but there is no doubt that this blood crystal is extremely well preserved. The blood of the earth dragon, and this auction item is the famous earth dragon in the human world."

"Although the earth dragon has less than one-tenth of the blood of the dragon race in its body, in the human world, anyone who has a relationship with the dragon race will definitely increase in value."

"And the blood crystal in front of everyone is the most precious blood essence left after the fall of the Earth Dragon!"

"I'm afraid I don't need to say more about the value of the blood essence of the dragon with the blood of the dragon family, right?" Dead Wind slowly opened his mouth, first introduced it in detail, and obviously didn't plan to announce the auction price.

"The blood crystal of the earth dragon?" And many of the strong men in the private room couldn't help but muttered as they watched the blood-like liquid in the iron cage slowly flow through the crystal.

The Dragon Clan has been the pinnacle of this world since ancient times, and the blood of the dragon is even more difficult to find. You can't just kill a real dragon and drink its blood, otherwise, with the arrogant and arrogant character of the Dragon Clan, I am afraid that you will be welcomed. , is the revenge of the dark, and not to mention, it is still a question of whether it can be beaten...

Although this earth dragon is 108,000 miles apart from the real dragon race, it is enough for them.

After all, the earth dragon has one tenth of the blood of the real dragon family, and this blood crystal was formed after the earth dragon died, and its value is probably comparable to the sky-high price.

Because they all know that there is no one last material for the dragon's blood forgeable body!

In the vast world, cultivation is quite noisy, but the one of physical fitness is the most difficult. It cannot be improved with any magical medicine, because every time, you can only break through the limit of your own body by breaking through the limit. This extreme method , the tyranny of those who forge the body has long been, and it is also rare.

And this earth dragon blood crystal can be well forged, so it's no wonder that these people are so hot.

"Is this dead wind flooded?"

"So precious things will also be put up for auction?" After the introduction of the dead wind, many of the powerhouses in the private room were at a loss.

They were all human beings, so they knew at a glance that they had a great relationship. If they had these treasures, they would definitely like to hide and use them, where would they even put them up for auction.

"Hehe, everyone."

"The dragon blood crystal here is of great importance, and I will not hide it from you."

"The auctioneer of this dragon blood crystal was asked by a friend of mine to sell it, and it is on its way to our ghost king city."

"The auction of dragon blood crystals here will be carried out in the form of gold coins." Dead Wind said with a smile.

"Sure enough, it doesn't belong to this old guy. Otherwise, he would be reluctant to take out such a precious thing." In the private room No. 3, Seimei said with a smile.

Seimei understands Death Wind too well. Although Death Wind is a good person, there is a half-starred three-star Dou Xian Yu Gan in Ghost King City. If there is such a treasure of Earth Dragon Blood Crystal, then Death Wind will definitely have to collect it by himself.

"Dead City Lord, since you plan to use gold coins to auction, let's start." And many strong people couldn't help but say after hearing the death wind saying that they used gold coins to auction.

If you can auction such a precious thing just with gold coins, why not do it?

"Hehe, everyone, don't be in a hurry."

"This friend of mine is a bit special, and the reason why he took out such a precious treasure for auction with gold coins this time is naturally for some personal issues." Dead Wind said cryptically.

"This guy..." Hearing Dao Xiefeng's twists and turns, the faces of the people present turned black.

"I believe you all know that our Ghost King City belongs to the Yinhuntian, and this Yinhuntian, even in the Lihun Territory, is one of the most powerful areas in the ranking, and our Ghost King City is located in the corner of the East Continent of the Yinhuntian. We in Dongzhou will open the ratio of Dongzhou.”

"If you can win the competition in the Eastern Continent, countless treasures of heaven and earth will be inexhaustible, and you will be more hopeful to participate in a more powerful event in the shadow of the soul, and compete in four continents."

"As for the four continents in the south, east, north, and west, I believe you all know better than me, don't you?" Dead Wind said with a slow smile.

"What!" As the sound of the wind of death just fell, there was a sudden silence!

Many of the powerhouses they were present knew what Death Wind said.

Their ghost king city is a territory under Li Soul Territory, and Li Soul Territory is vast. There are countless forces like them. Under such noisy forces, the entire region under Li Soul Territory will hold regular competitions. In order to Select geniuses to replenish Li Hunyu's new blood.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Under Li Soul Domain, it is divided into many fertile territories. Among these territories, there are strong and weak ones, but among them, Yinhuntian is enough to be regarded as one of the few core places in Li Soul Domain.

Yinhuntian is a general term, and its coverage is extremely broad. Even the Dou Emperor Sifang Continent cannot compare with it, and Yinhuntian has sent many talented people to Lihunyu for countless years.

As for the way this powerhouse is produced, it is the four continents competition.

Before the four continents compete, they must stand out from their respective four continents, so as to qualify for the four continents competition.

And once you are qualified to participate in the Four Continents Competition, even if you don't win in the end, in the process of the competition, you may be recruited as a disciple by the real powers in Li Soul Territory, or the winner can go directly to Li Soul Territory headquarters~ ~ Get the unspeakable benefits, so you can jump into the dragon gate.

"Xiao Yan, you must win the East Continent ratio."

"And the ratio of the four continents must also be in the top three. Only in this way can you get in touch with the real high-level people in Li Soul Domain. At that time, I am afraid that Acacia Heartbroken inflammation will end." And the next moment, the voice of the Lord of Soul Eater slowed down. sounded slowly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan heard the words and nodded lightly, obviously because of the importance of this incident.

Only by winning the Eastern Continent competition can you have the opportunity to enter the Four Continents competition, and if you get the top three in the Four Continents competition in Yinhuntian, you will be able to truly step into the Lihun Territory. It's the matter of his own lovesickness and broken enteritis, that is enough to be sure!

"Hehe, my friend is a businessman, and the destination is naturally the core area of ​​Dongzhou. This trip passed through our Ghost King City. He took out this item and gave it to me for auction."

"But as a price, they need an alchemist to accompany them."

"On the way together, the pharmacist will be protected. The pharmacist only needs to break the soul attack for them at certain times." Dead Wind's voice slowly fell.

"Also... the dragon blood crystals here are auctioned in gold coins, but they can only be auctioned off by alchemists."

"So... all the respected pharmacists present, you can start." Dead Wind smiled slowly, and immediately stepped back, leaving the auction table to Li Qin.

Foreshadowing, the ghost world will not be written too long like Xuan Tiantian.

End of this chapter