Chapter Vol 2 703: A gift from Mu Yingying!

The night in the Burning Incense Pavilion was very quiet, the breeze was blowing, and there was a hint of coldness.

"Have you not slept yet?" Wuzhu stayed inside, Xiao Yan's house was still lit, and then a knock on the door slowly sounded from the door.

"Well, not yet, I'm going to recuperate the breath in my body for a while and practice." Xiao Yan got up, then came to the door, opened the door directly, and said with a smile.

After all, you don't need to guess to know who it is. The one who came is Mu Yingying.

"Well, I have something to do with you." Mu Yingying looked around and said immediately.

"Come in and talk." Xiao Yan greeted, and it was a little cold outside at night.

However, she had some doubts in her heart, what did Mu Yingying have to do with herself this evening.

"What's the matter?" Mu Yingying walked slowly into Xiao Yan's house, and then Xiao Yan asked slowly.

After Xiao Yan returned to Wuzhuju, the night gradually fell into the night, and he had no sleepiness, and he had been comprehending the holy flame in his body.

After all, since he devoured Xinyan to obtain the full version of the holy flame, Xiao Yan found out that the power of the holy flame is much stronger than he imagined, but Xiao Yan's current strength is limited, and his understanding of the holy flame is still a matter of use. Not up to the level of perfection.

"When I was still in Luoling Mountain, I vaguely heard you say that the Five Elements beasts seem to be quite important to you?" Mu Yingying sat down without the slightest hesitation, and asked directly inquiringly.

"Yep."

"The body of the five-element beast, the demon core and the blood essence are indispensable medicinal materials for a medicinal pill, but in the end I didn't find out where the five-element beast went, which is a pity." Xiao Yan said in his voice. full of regret.

"Here." Xiao Yan's voice just fell, when Mu Yingying's slender fingers, a transparent ring slowly turned, and then flashed a strange light, the next moment, a rib containing colorful colors crystals appear slowly.

"This is……"

"The magic core of the five-element beast?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly shrank, and his eyes became strange!

"Yep."

"When you and the Spirit of Holy Flame entered the mysterious space, I paid attention to you, and it happened that Qinxin didn't compete, so I took it away." Mu Yingying said with a smile.

"However, these five-element beasts are also strong in the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Di. Even if their strength is greatly reduced, it is really not easy for Mu Yingying to kill so easily." Xiao Yan secretly said in his heart.

The next moment, in front of Mu Yingying, the body and demon core of the five-element beast slowly lurked.

This Mu Yingying obviously only killed the five-element beast, and did not take out the blood.

Xiao Yan could feel the enormous power contained in the magic core of the five-element beast that exudes the power of five colors. For him, this is a rare treasure!

This is a must for resurrecting our ancestor Xiao Xuan!

"Are you alright?" Mu Yingying looked at Xiao Yan's dazed gaze, and was immediately amused. Could it be that the alchemist is so obsessed with medicinal herbs that she couldn't help asking.

"Yep."

"After killing the five-element beast, only the magic core was taken out to completely drain its vitality, the blood essence still remained in the body, and the body was well protected." Xiao Yan commented, but the excitement in his voice could not be concealed.

"It's fine." Mu Yingying whispered softly.

"Thank you." Xiao Yan said to Mu Yingying with a hint of gratitude.

Originally, Xiao Yan thought that this time it would be a waste of time, but he did not expect this guy to be so thoughtful.

"It's alright, it's a job."

"Since it's all right, then I'll go back first." Mu Yingying had a hint of wanting to leave. After all, people who are lonely in the middle of the night will always make people think about it.

"Wait, the value of your Five Elements Beast is too huge, I'd better exchange it with you." Xiao Yan hesitated for a while, then spoke up.

"No, we are friends, aren't we?" Mu Yingying immediately laughed a little when she heard the words.

But even Mu Yingying didn't know how she felt about Xiao Yan.

"Don't refuse." Xiao Yan laughed, then continued to wonder.

Since it is an equivalent exchange, what should I use for an equivalent exchange?

Elixir?

This is impossible. Although Xiao Yan is now a second-rank pharmacist of the quasi-emperor rank, he has not taken that step. Xiao Yan is still at the peak of the first-rank emperor rank, and Mu Yingying seems to be less enthusiastic about medicinal pills than others. .

Fighting skills?

No, Mu Yingying's tyrannical fighting skills emerged one after another, and Xiao Yan didn't have any fighting skills he could use, so he had to give up.

Gongfa?

This is even more impossible. The currently tyrannical exercises in Xiao Yan's hands are nothing but Fen Jue.

"No need." Seeing Xiao Yan's doubts, Mu Yingying said immediately.

"Yes." Xiao Yan's eyes flickered with a hint of expression, and then he murmured.

"Come out!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then a silver sword with a beautiful texture appeared in his body instantly.

This silver sword is the immortal sword that Xiao Yan obtained in that corpse forest!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Although this immortal sword is only broken, how can it be called an immortal sword?

"This is..." As soon as the silver sword appeared, a chill suddenly appeared in Mu Yingying's heart!

The source of this chill is actually the silver sword in front of you!

"This is an immortal sword that I got by chance. Although it is broken and incomplete, the immortal sword is beyond doubt." Xiao Yan weighed the silver immortal sword in his hand and said.

"What a beautiful silver fairy sword..."

"But this thing is too precious, I can't take it." Although Mu Yingying felt a little liking in her heart, she denied it.

After all, immortal swords are too precious to be contaminated with immortal characters.

"Let's put it away first, this fairy sword is also a spiritual thing, but the damage is too serious now. If it is repaired over time, I believe it will be a magical weapon again!"

"And you also know that I have always been melee combat and rulers. If this fairy sword stayed with me, it would be like dust. I also vaguely feel that this guy also wants to shine brightly Xiao Seeing that Mu Yingying was resigning, Yan hurriedly said.

Although Xiao Yan didn't know why, since the appearance of the silver fairy sword, Xiao Yan found that the silver fairy sword seemed to resonate with Mu Yingying!

"But..." Mu Yingying was still a little embarrassed.

"Okay, let's just say goodbye. You have helped me to subdue the Five Elements Beast so much. This immortal sword with huge damage can be regarded as a huge advantage for me. If you are trying to shirk it, it will be a bit..." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Then I'll accept it." Seeing Xiao Yan's insistence, Mu Yingying did not hesitate immediately, and went directly to the silver immortal sword in Xiao Yan's hand.

"Good sword!" As soon as the silver immortal sword was started, Mu Yingying felt that something in the immortal sword was communicating with her, and immediately whispered.

"Okay, go back and have a good rest. As for this immortal sword, I will study it well in the future. I have time to go to Xuanling City, where there should be a foundry, and see if it can be repaired." Xiao Yan said.

"Yep."

"The magic core and body of the five-element beast are here for you. I'll go back first. You just came out of Luoling Mountain, so you should rest well." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she took the silver fairy sword and left Xiao directly. Burning house.

"Why does the aura on this guy resemble that of the old man who saved me from the mysterious space he just devoured the holy flame into..."

"Is it an illusion..." Xiao Yan looked at Mu Yingying's leaving figure and slowly shook his head.

Ask for tickets!