Chapter Vol 4 1997: Lord Xuan? Gu Hao!

With a sound, he easily passed through the fourth floor and came to the third floor of the ancient prison.

"The evil aura is actually much weaker than the fourth floor?" Xiao Yan stepped out just after arriving here, and immediately looked around lightly.

Looking around, the third floor of the ancient prison is extremely huge. Compared with the fourth floor, it is almost ten times larger. There are nearly ten passages. In addition to some cages, there are many houses suitable for human living. It is quite delicate, but A trace of icy cold, but a desolate atmosphere haunts my heart, obviously the atmosphere here is quite eerie.

"Master You, Master Xuan is waiting for you in the back room." Just as Xiao Yan hesitated, the voices of several guards appeared and spoke softly.

"Take me there." Xiao Yan nodded and said.

"That's it." After a while, the two came to a dark stone house.

The dark lacquered stone room is airtight and cannot be seen from the outside at all.

"You go down." He said softly, Xiao Yan didn't care about the guard, and went directly to the stone house, but Xiao Yan discovered that the strength of the guards here has reached the rare level of six-star fighting immortals, even behind them , just like there is a tiny hole, and countless evil auras emerge from the hole, but it does not affect their normal activities in the slightest.

"I want to see where it is." Xiao Yan walked towards the black stone house step by step.

"You... how are things?"

"Have you found those guys whose whereabouts are unknown?" Just after opening the door, a lazy voice with a hint of evil came out.

"I didn't find it, these humans are too cunning." After Xiao Yan entered, he locked the stone door quite smoothly and shook his head.

In the stone house, it is clear that a mass of evil black air is suspended here, but the black air is extremely strangely suspended above the head of an old man, the old man has no masters, and he speaks like a corpse.

"It seems that some people in the ancient clan also noticed our existence."

"However, after so many years of preparation for the king's grand ceremony, it's time to start." The old man disagreed, opened his mouth slightly, and his voice was full of fanaticism, and even when he mentioned "king", there was a sense of reverence. Respect emerged.

"Is it another city lord who is being controlled..." Xiao Yan couldn't help saying when he saw the old man's face clearly displayed in front of him.

Gu Hao!

The mid-term strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

"I'm a little curious... what kind of confidence can make you enter here?" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, the old man's eyes became fierce, and a cold killing intent was out of control. , swept out!

Obviously, as early as the moment Xiao Yan stepped into the stone room, his identity was seen through by him.

"This sentence should be said by me." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and he didn't bother to think about why his identity was discovered. There were only the two of them here, and it was extremely convenient to do it.

"What kind of storm can a stinky guy create just by relying on your seven-star fighting immortal-level tricks?" The old man's mouth was full of sarcasm, quite disdainful.

"Yes?"

"Then you have to open your eyes and see clearly!"

"Acacia Flame Territory!" Xiao Yan doesn't talk nonsense with this guy, his situation is exactly the same as Gu Yang, but controlling this guy's evil aura, his strength reaches the middle stage of Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

In the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, the extraterritorial evil clan is still a bit challenging for Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan should try to avoid using the trump card as much as possible, so as to avoid the huge destructive power that will make the monsters below find even more powerful creatures to scare the snakes.

"Come on." Gu Hao opened his mouth slightly, the black qi directly penetrated into his body, and the endless evil black qi covered it out, and his eyes turned black for a while!

"Boom!" said involuntarily, Xiao Yan's body moved quickly, relying on the fire attribute vindictive aura blessed by the ordinary Great Celestial Seed, he whistled and attacked him.

"It's too weak for these attacks of yours." Although Xiao Yan was aggressive, his strength had only now reached the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals with the increase of the Acacia Flame Domain, but Gu Hao snorted coldly for a while.

"Seven stars and eight stars, the difference really isn't a little bit." At this time, Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. During his trip to the demon world, Xiao Yan still did not fuse the immortal flames into the new flames of five holy flames, so he dealt with the eight-star fighting immortals. , quite laborious.

Of course, the most important thing is that the Eight-star Fighting Immortal has already resonated with the heavens and the earth, reaching a special realm that is extremely illusory. A mere seven-star is naturally incomparable.

"Prisoner of the Demon Snake!" With a cold snort, Gu Hao's palm suddenly lifted up, and the dark black gas was like a substantial thick liquid, suddenly forming a fierce and ferocious monstrous demon snake in this pink field!

The devil snake was covered with evil and devilish energy, with dark skin and fangs, revealing an icy aura of death!

"嘁偁嘁!" A strange snake sound emerged, he twisted his huge body, and attacked Xiao Yan directly.

For a time, it was also intractable here.

On the other side, since Liu Hao entered the ancient prison, he used an immortal weapon in the Holy See, the "Shading Immortal Cover!" to hide his figure and breath perfectly. The whole person is transparent, and entering the ancient prison is like no one place.

"Xiao Yan seems to have entered here?"

"But it's strange how the smell here is similar to the smell of the evil race from outside the realm?" Liu Hao frowned, staring at the stone room in front of him, wondering.

As a child of light, his sensitivity to the aura of evil races outside the realm is even more than Xiao Yan's.

"Don't worry, go in and have a look." After some contemplation to no avail, Liu Hao silently poured into it.

"This is... a realm?" Liu Hao couldn't help but lose his voice when he saw the two fiercely fighting in the field just after stepping into it.

"Hehe I won't play with you anymore." The immortal artifact on Liu Hao's body was originally perfect for concealing aura, but when Liu Hao stepped into Xiao Yan's Acacia Flame Domain, it was completely broken.

Although Xiao Yan didn't know why this guy came here, but now that the time was running out, after a roar, he vigorously shook Gu Hao away, then shook his body, left here directly, and ran towards the second floor of the ancient prison.

"Cunning little beast, where are you running!" Gu Hao would let this guy go, a loud bang sounded, and he chased after Xiao Yan directly.

"Hehe, if I can slaughter the evil people from outside the realm, I can go back to celebrate and let the Pope crown me in advance. At that time, in my capacity, the saintess of the ancient tribes will not be captured?" At this moment, Liu Hao suddenly thought of it. Finding a better way, he looked at Gu Hao in front of him with a smile.

"Get down!" A roar, accompanied by a bright aura of light, filled the entire stone room, and even this bright aura was mixed with countless Sanskrit sounds. This level of power is by no means an ordinary Holy See powerhouse. can have.

"It seems that this time, some interesting guys have come." Seeing Liu Hao's terrifying aura, Gu Hao also let go of his intention to chase Xiao Yan, twisted his body, and confronted Liu Hao directly!

Although Liu Hao's strength is weak, what he has learned is extremely terrifying. In addition to his supreme status as the Son of Light, if he is not careful, he may fall into his hands!

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: