Chapter Vol 4 1274: Halfway through the drug?

Manager Luo bid farewell to Xiao Yan, and also ordered the pretty maids in the auction house to accompany Xiao Yan to pass the boring time, while he walked directly to the warehouse of the auction house. After all, everything Xiao Yan needed was stored in the in the warehouse.

Guanshi Luo just walked around the alley and came to a mysterious gate guarded by heavy troops, when a woman suddenly said in a mocking tone, "Hey, isn't this Director Luo?"

"Why do you have time to come to the auction house warehouse today?"

"Air management!"

"Please don't mind your own business, you should still do your essential work." Seeing this, Manager Luo couldn't help roaring. He never thought that this enemy would look down and see him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

In the auction house, there are three major stewards in total. He ranks last in terms of strength and seniority. Although this tycoon is a woman, he is ranked second because of his huge background. In terms of strength, although he is the same as himself, But its power is far beyond itself, even more important...

There are some unresolvable grievances between Guanshi Luo and Guanshi.

The origin of this kind of grievance is clearly formed by the confrontation between the two families at the beginning. Both of them are geniuses in some high-ranking families in Leicheng. Competitors, who are now working together together, are naturally fighting openly and secretly, which cannot be avoided.

"Luo Guanshi, Feng Guanshi, you two adults, please stop arguing, now is an eventful time, I am afraid that the owner and the big steward have a lot of things to do, and many affairs in this auction house still need the two adults to work together. ." The guard in charge of guarding the warehouse saw this and couldn't help but persuade.

There is nothing they can do either. With the advent of the ratio between Leicheng and East China, the auction house owner and the chief steward have all gone to the Thunder Valley to discuss some things, so now this auction house is just the steward Luo in front of him. He Feng is in control of things, but there are also many strong people who are secretly responsible for protecting the safety of the auction house.

"Mr. Luo, you are not entertaining guests in the auction house, why are you here?"

"I clearly remember that the chief steward said that the auction house's warehouse is not under your control. Did steward Luo forget it?" Mr. Feng's beautiful eyes turned slightly, and he smiled at Mr. Luo, his voice full of There was an aggressive aura.

"Feng Guanshi, although the auction house warehouse is indeed not under my jurisdiction, but your jurisdiction, but I think that if the time of an Immortal Rank Alchemist is delayed, I am afraid Feng Guanshi should know better than me. It's a great relationship." Luo Guanshi is not a vegetarian, so he directly countered.

"Immortal-level pharmacist?" Feng Guanshi heard the words, and his breath was slightly condensed. Obviously, the word "immortal-level" was enough to make her quite fearful. After all, the immortal-level pharmacist represented more than just one person. It's a whole force, you don't have to think about it to know that it will undoubtedly be protected by the tyrannical sect if it can reach the level of the immortal-level pharmacist.

"Luo Guanshi, do you know the punishment for cheating?" Feng Guanshi shook his head slightly, obviously based on her information, she had never heard of an immortal-level pharmacist visiting the auction house in the past few days, otherwise it would just be an immortal. The rank of alchemist is enough for them to treat them seriously.

"Believe it or not, the wind steward decides for himself." After Luo steward finished speaking, he turned around and prepared to leave. After all, after so much delay, he couldn't get the medicinal materials that the pharmacist needed, so he could only go back to appease him, and by the way Can pull Feng Guanshi into the water, and once Feng Guanshi offends an immortal-level pharmacist, then the position of the second steward of the auction house is his own.

"Open the door and fetch him the medicinal materials he needs." Seeing that Guanshi Luo was so quiet, Guanshi Feng seemed to realize that things were not easy, so he couldn't help saying to the guard.

"What medicinal herbs do your guests need?" the air steward asked.

"No." Director Luo directly handed over the white paper that recorded the medicinal materials written by Xiao Yan.

"How could it be possible..." And just seeing the large characters on the white paper at a glance, a thousand years is enough to show that this guy is very likely to be a very high-level alchemist.

"Pfft." As soon as the voice fell, a strange energy scroll suddenly appeared in Feng Guanshi's hand, and then walked towards the bronze warehouse door in front of him.

"Crash!" As soon as it hit it, a deafening voice sounded.

When Director Luo saw this, he also stopped, waiting for the medicinal materials to arrive.

Just as the turmoil had just occurred, Fengguanshi turned into a stream of light and poured into it, and then the bronze warehouse door returned to silence.

"This is what you need." After a while, the figure of Feng Guanshi appeared, but at this time, a beautiful round tray appeared slowly in her hand. In the tray, there were two types that Xiao Yan needed. thing.

"It won't be far away." Manager Luo took the round tray and went straight to Xiao Yan's house without stopping. He wasted too much time here, and he couldn't take care of the grievances and grievances between Manager and Feng. Yan has any bad thoughts about their auction house, which is probably a huge loss for their auction house.

After all, the medicinal pills refined by high-level pharmacists are priceless.

"Sir, just at the entrance of the auction house, there was a man covered in black robes, and the guards tried to suppress him by force to prove his identity, but at that time, an extremely tyrannical soul force appeared on the man in black robes and shook the guards back, according to the auction. According to the analysis of the strong in the line, the level of soul strength has reached the fairyland." Feng Guanshi left the warehouse slightly, and suddenly a slender woman dressed in black said in front of him.

"Immortal-level pharmacist If it is the guy in Leicheng, I am afraid I already know, but after the registration information of Dongzhou Ratio, even if the number of applicants exceeds 10,000, there are only one hundred pharmacists. There are less than ten people, even immortal pharmacists."

"It seems that this guy who came to the auction house to buy medicinal herbs has a good background." Feng Guan Shi Wei said.

"Sir... how do you say this?" the woman in black asked in confusion.

"The medicinal materials that guy wrote down seem to be related to flames."

"And if I expected it to be good, the heart-suppressing grass and the ten thousand-year-level medicinal materials both have extremely tyrannical effects of suppressing the power of flames." Feng Guanshi said slightly.

"Could it be that this guy bought these things for some wonders of the world..."

"For example... Fire Spirit, or..."

"Holy Flame?" The black-clothed maid's voice was like the sound of thunder, slowly shaking the mind of the wind manager.

Feng Guanshi and Luo Guanshi are both at the 3-star Dou Xian perfection level, and they can be regarded as the top-ranked powerhouses in the entire Di City, but even they are still pupils when they hear Sheng Yan and Fire Spirit. become hot.

Because they know better than anyone that fighting immortal-level strength, if they obtain these things, they will undoubtedly be more powerful.

"Go down, do your job well, and forget about this immortal-level pharmacist." Feng Guanshi shook his head slightly, then disappeared into the alley.

. m.

​​

←

→ →

​​