Chapter Vol 2 776: News of life and death!

"People from Wanjianmen?" Xiao Yan slowly stared at Xiu Qi, obviously he didn't know much about the younger generation of other super sects.

"Xiao Yan, this Wan Jianxian is now the leader of the super sect. The two disciples below should be people in the sect. Seeing what they are like, what kind of situation should be encountered." Qin Xin thought for a while and said, regarding these , she obviously knows a lot.

"Go down and have a look?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively, waiting for Xiu Qi's answer.

"Go down and have a look, the people of Wanjianmen have always been chivalrous and loyal, and they are worth fighting for." After Xiu Qi finished speaking, he flew down directly, and the others followed.

The two people on the ground were the childhood sweethearts of Song Yue and Hong Qian.

The two left Wanjianmen and hurried to the ruins, but they stopped just after entering the wilderness.

Hongqian's body bones are extremely sensitive to this special gas, so it became so weak just after entering the body.

This made Song Yue anxious. Song Yue originally wanted to bring Hong Qian back. After all, the ruins are important, not as important as the sweetheart, but Hong Qian stopped him.

No, I just saw that Xiao Yan and the others had improved after swallowing the medicinal pill, so he immediately greeted them.

"Your Excellency?" Xiao Yan and his group slowly landed on the ground, and Xiao Yan was the first to speak and asked.

As for Mu Yingying and the others, Xiao Yan still had some foresight. Before going out, he prepared a bucket, so his appearance was slightly restrained. Otherwise, Xiao Yan brought a lot of women, and others would not know what to do.

"I don't know how this little brother is called?" Song Yue is naturally a person with extremely sharp eyes. When a few people landed, Song Yue vaguely guessed that he meant to help them, and immediately asked.

The feeling of these people in front of Song Yue was strong and weak.

The strongest person was Xiuqi, but Xiuqi was covered by Dou Ji, so Song Yue didn't recognize it. The reputation of the others was far inferior to Xiuqi, and Song Yue didn't even know it.

But just relying on this first feeling, Song Yue knew that Xiao Yan's strength was unfathomable, and Xiu Qi's strength was even similar to his own. As for the others, their strengths were equally outstanding.

"Song Yue, the disciple of Jiujian Xian in Wanjianmen, this is my fiancee Hong Qian."

"We came this time to go to the ruins. It's just that my fiancee is very sensitive to this reckless spirit. I just happened to see that Your Excellency swallowing the medicinal pill is useful, so I want to ask for one." Song Yue Bin politely He said, waiting for Xiao Yan's answer after speaking, and the red flower in his arms gave a warm smile.

There is such an idiot in life, what more can I ask for.

"Elixir..."

"This medicine pill is not cheap."

"And we all went to the ruins together. If I don't give it, I'm afraid there will be one less competitor." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Your Excellency, I will give you a satisfactory remuneration." Song Yue heard the words, and immediately became confused when he was concerned, and hurriedly said.

"Xiao Yan, only five people entered this time to explore the ruins, and Jiujianxian was one of them."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"And with his strength, I am afraid it is very likely to go deep into the depths of the ruins, so it is natural to know a lot of information, you can do this like this..." Xiu Qi heard the words, and immediately used his soul power to sound transmission.

Xiuqi and Song Yue are old acquaintances. After all, the two are equally talented, and they are both representatives of the younger generation of their respective sects.

There is a reason for Xiu Qi to do this. After all, Xiu Qi and Song Yue are competitors at the same time. Xiu Qi is happy to see him bleeding heavily, and Xiao Yan has already told Xiu Qi about the news of life and death.

If you want Xiao Yan to help Yueru get the complete inheritance wholeheartedly, I am afraid that the matter of life and death must be resolved, which is why Xiu Qi speaks out.

"Black!" When Xiao Yan received Xiu Qizhe's sudden voice transmission, he immediately cursed secretly.

"Reward?

"sure."

"Just this time I entered the ruins, and I know very little information. You tell me the information you know, and I will give it to you." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"You!" Seeing this, Song Yue was slightly angry, but the next moment, he turned his head and saw that the person in his arms was in pain, and immediately gave up the struggle.

"I can't tell you all the information I know."

"And if I told you, what would you do if I said nonsense?" Song Yue is not a fool, so how could Xiao Yan be so calculated.

"It's simple, I'll ask you a few pieces of information, and if you know one, I'll give you a medicinal pill." Xiao Yan also knew that this was unrealistic, so he took a step back. It's worth a few dollars, and if it can be exchanged for accurate information, that's the best.

"Okay, you can ask." Song Yue nodded immediately after hearing this.

"What exactly is in the ruins this time?" Xiao Yan asked.

"I don't know what is in the ruins this time, the only thing I can tell you is."

"This time the ruins are quite strange. According to the results of my master's investigation, it seems that there are people living in the ruins, so it is very likely that there are human beings in them."

"And I'm not afraid to tell you that inside the ruins this time, there are three islands above the ocean." Song Yue said one after another.

"Song Yue, will you..." Hong Qian gritted her teeth and said after hearing Song Yue say so much in one breath.

After all, only the two of them know this information, and the others don't.

"It's okay, they will know about the medicinal pill sooner or later." Song Yue comforted.

In fact, Song Yue is also a smart person. Just from the huge lineup of Xiao Yan and his party, Song Yue knows that these people are the disciples of the current super sect, as for which super sect Song Song is. Yue did not know.

Therefore, if Song Yue said some irrelevant news indiscriminately, I'm afraid Hongqian would suffer.

"Three islands above the ocean?"

"Are there human relics?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard this.

"This guy is right." Xiu Qi nodded to Xiao Yan.

"Where is the fighting spirit in the ruins?" Xiao Yan asked.

"I don't know where the fighting spirit exists." Facing Xiao Yan's question, Song Yue directly refused.

Although his master did go deep into the depths of the ruins at the beginning, he also sensed the existence of a fighting spirit. As for the specific location, he did not know.

"That……"

"There is a medicinal herb called life and death fire, do you know?" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly asked.

"Life and death fire?"

"What do you want it for?"

"That's a thing of destruction, not to mention that I am a seven-star Dou Emperor now, I am afraid that the real Eight-star Dou Emperor would not dare to be contaminated." Song Yue said with some fear.

"So you know?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"I do know."

"But just in case, you have to give me the medicine first." Song Yue said.

"Okay." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, and suddenly threw a bottle of medicinal pills at Song Yue, and then just waited for them.

Although there are two Seven Star Dou Emperors in front of them, if there is the slightest change, Xiao Yan believes that this group of people can keep them.

"Is it better?" Song Yue hurriedly took the medicine pill and immediately gave it to Hong Qian.

As soon as Hong Qian took it, she felt that the reckless qi in her body was contained, and her face gradually turned rosy.

"Much better." Hongqian coughed violently, and then the weak feeling disappeared.

"Your Excellency is also a trustworthy person."

"As for the fire of life and death that you need, it is the smallest island among the three islands." Song Yue saw that Hongqian's complexion had improved, and he spoke immediately.

There are two more at seven and eight o'clock