Chapter Vol 4 1925: Time of life and death!

Latest URL: "What..."

"Master Heisha Longlang, are you really in the depths of this Demon Suppression Prison?" The next moment, the voice of the leader of the Guards who was in a coma after speaking intermittently disappeared, wrapping the Ten Thousand Demon King inside. The three demon kings were silent for a few minutes, and then a rare heaviness flashed in their eyes.

Water, Fire and Evil Cage Town Demon Prison is ranked eighth, and two of them have the terrifying strength of the white king, not to mention other evil beings. With the strength of the four of them today, I am afraid there is no way to do it. If they insist on going, I am afraid there will be no death. pregnancy.

But if this great opportunity is left unattended, once the black evil dragon wolf is killed, it will not only be implicated in the many demon kingdoms behind them, but also in the sealed land of the demon emperor. Earth-shaking changes took place.

"It seems that in the depths of this town devil's prison, we have to go." After blinking, Xiao Yan also nodded his head, and then said in a deep voice, he knew the seriousness of the matter, and the purpose of this trip to the demon world was for this, no May be hesitant.

"Earth Rhinoceros Demon King, Ten Thousand Flower Demon King, you two take them back, our scattered army also needs someone to take charge of the overall situation."

"But remember, our current strength is not proportional to the other two powerhouses. Everything must be based on stability. Waiting for us to save Lord Heisha Longlang, we will immediately go to the mysterious place to try to rescue the master, so you must insist At that time, otherwise once we lose this battle, the loss of power will be too severe, and I am afraid that in the future, it will become a second-rate force similar to the seven demon kings."

"I'll go with Brother Xiao Yan to the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison to see." After some contemplation, the Wan Yaowang said in a melancholy tone, and the meaning of Tuo Gu, who looked at death as if at home in his voice, was clear at a glance.

"Okay." The two of them looked at each other, carrying two unconscious guard leaders, and then slowly left the Demon Suppression Prison. They knew that this time, whether it was themselves or Xiao Yan this time. , the mission of the sacred is extremely dignified.

"I'm afraid they will be there." After a short pause, Xiao Yan's deep eyes flashed with a divine flame, and he looked at the endless dark void.

"Hey!" In the vast and boundless Demon Suppression Prison, it is like a land eroded by the evil power of demons. Trembling, a rare groan resounded.

"Sisi!" Xiao Yan's palm lightly grabbed some black light beams, and the palm of his hand suddenly retracted like an electric shock.

"This level of power... I'm afraid it must be king level." Seeing Xiao Yan being so touched, the Ten Thousand Demon King said coldly.

"It seems that in addition to the demon world, there are other auras here."

"It's a little familiar, it seems to be the smell of the Soul Palace." Xiao Yan's palm is not serious, but the black beam just now clearly hangs down from the sky, and there is not only a sinister evil power in it, but even a touch of soul. The aura of the strong man in the hall also emerged.

"It's not too late, let's go." The two looked at each other, and then slowly lifted off into the sky, facing the sky.

Water and Fire Evil Cage Suppressing Demon Prison, this is a rather peculiar Demon Suppressing Prison. The entire Demon Suppressing Prison is divided into two sides, water and fire. In the center of the two realms, there is a huge dark red prisoner. The cage, the evil energy around the cage is rolling, the water and fire are extremely strange, but at this time, in this ancient cage like a bird cage, some strange figures slowly stand in it.

"My lord... I arrived at the prison of the two powerful white kings ahead. With our little strength, I am afraid that they will be wiped out in an instant." At this time, the team of dozens of people, led by Xu Shao, everyone slowed down. Slowly walking in this dark void.

In the evil cage, a series of stairs directly connected to the bottom, and on the surrounding walls and stones, a series of sacred Brahma patterns were laid out, vaguely suppressing the surging evil power below.

"Don't worry, I believe that the two white kings will be very interested in this transaction." Xu Shao smiled strangely as if he was winning, and after he finished speaking, a strange grimace appeared all over his body, tilting the sacred surrounding The power is isolated, and it is easy to go down.

At the same time, around the water and fire evil cage, several figures were also madly chased and killed by a beautiful figure.

"Dragon Wolf, let's go."

"Her power has entered the cycle of reincarnation, and it is definitely not something that the two of us can resist."

"I only want to be with Tianhen in this life..." Outside the evil cage, the two figures quickly escaped from the pursuit of the figures behind, and the woman said.

At this time, the two of them were scarred and even their breath was extremely sluggish. It was obvious that they had wasted a lot of energy along the way to avoid the pursuit of the devil.

But how could the two eight-star fighting immortals escape the pursuit of the reincarnation powerhouse, let alone angels!

"Mistress, the master has not avenged his great revenge, you can't easily fall, otherwise I will not be able to explain to the master." The man forced a smile and said immediately.

"It's really tenacious...but that's it."

"Sacred Forbidden!" At the moment when the two were muttering, a splendid woman behind him, blessed by his holy armor, had the power of reincarnation and the power of divine interaction, which seemed extremely solemn, and suddenly made a high-pitched sound, and countless pure white lights all over her body. The lines flickered like stars in this Demon Town Prison, and immediately countless ghosts and evil auras fled quickly.

Because of the power that this beautiful shadow is now exerting, I am afraid that it must be invincible through reincarnation!

"The body of a dragon and wolf!" Seeing this, the black evil dragon wolf sank, and countless demonic energy within his body rose into the sky. In an instant, an energy beast shadow over a thousand feet stood directly in front of the two of them.

That figure, like a dragon's shadow, is covered with countless dragon scales on its huge green body, and its aura is extraordinarily sacred. With the addition of a very conspicuous green dragon horn on its wolf head, that kind of aura turned out to be Vaguely touched the reincarnation!

"It's over!"

"The demon of light betrayed the Holy See, go back with me to atone for your sins."

"And you, one of the three major overlords of the demon world, the black evil dragon and wolf, who doesn't know what's good or bad, and helps Zhou to abuse, also come with me to the Holy See to accept the punishment." The high-pitched voice was like the death sentence of the god's residence, accompanied by Qianying's body. There were more and more holy patterns, and the entire town of Demon Prison suddenly swayed. Countless evil ghosts seemed to be provoked by it, forming a ghost that was close to ten thousand feet, and roared at Qian Ying.

"Just a bunch of ants and worms."

"Submerge yourself under the brilliance of God!" The loud chant sounded slowly, and the entire sky was filled with a rare silence, and the tens of thousands of demonic shadows condensed with countless monsters were under the faint beam of light that touched Dao. , collapsed in an instant.

"Let's go!" Seeing this, Heishan Longlang couldn't stop shaking, and then he politely hugged the Demon of Light and stepped into the cage of water and fire.

In such a situation I am afraid that only by means of the evil cage that imprisoned the two white king powerhouses, there is a chance of life.

"Weng Om!" The extremely holy beam of light cleans and purifies the countless evils in the Demon Suppression Prison, revealing its name as an angel to the fullest!

"The existence of the two kings of the evil cage of water and fire... well, let's kill it." Angel Qianying calmed down her attack slowly, looking at the evil cage in front of her with her beautiful eyes through the surrounding water and fire zone, lightly Open your mouth lightly.

The four wings behind it swayed gently, and every swing would release a beam of light, which washed away the endless evil aura below.

Four-winged angel, the power of reincarnation!

And below it, because of the traces left by the attack of the angel's power just chanted, looking around, it is a bottomless abyss!

In the abyss, there is no evil atmosphere, some only have a rare light, that is the breath of light, it is the power of the divine, and it is the power of destruction exclusively for angels!