Chapter 360: The Emperor Flame Ring and the Immortal Sword with Wisdom!

After a short period of surprise, Xiao Yan also recovered his calmness, and then slowly stared at this fairy sword!

The immortal sword at this time was glowing with fiery red light, and a mysterious dragon-shaped sword shadow slowly emerged on the body of the immortal sword, like a lifelike dragon shadow!

From the entrance of the stone tablet in the forbidden area, the immortal sword slowly exudes extremely hot fluctuations, and when it comes to the core area of ​​the forbidden area, the fluctuations are getting stronger and stronger!

Instead, Xiao Yan always felt that there seemed to be something on this isolated island that had a fatal attraction to this immortal sword!

A sword, scabbard and body can be called a real sword!

It's just that this fairy sword, Xiao Yan didn't have any traces of the scabbard in that secret realm, and he immediately became a little thoughtful.

"Buzz!" The fluctuations on the immortal sword became more and more intense, and then the next moment, Xiao Yan no longer hesitated, holding the immortal sword with one hand, otherwise Xiao Yan was also worried that the immortal sword would break through and fly into the mysterious meteorite's radius of ten Within meters...

Even his master, the Golden Dragon King, would have a hard time noticing what was weird here, but the only thing that was certain was that the place where this mysterious meteorite existed would definitely not be simple, so he didn't dare to make the slightest move.

"This fluctuation..." This is not the first time Xiao Yan has held this fairy sword. He remembers that the first time he conquered this fairy sword, it was in the mysterious secret realm of the Yin Corpse Forest, and Xiao Yan didn't find it at that time either. What is the strange fluctuation of this fairy sword.

When I held this fairy sword for the first time, I just felt that the fairy sword was incomplete, so Xiao Yan also put it away. The attention is naturally much less.

But now there are some strange fluctuations in this fairy sword.

Xiao Yan had just held the immortal sword, and the next moment, his voice was also abruptly turned red by the immortal sword.

"Shabu Shabu!" The terrifying temperature also emerged from the fairy sword in an instant!

Then slowly talking about the hilt, it rushed into Xiao Yan's body frantically!

"It seems that the Immortal Sword didn't turn on its wisdom after it was first obtained by you in that secret realm."

"When you lent the Nine Soul Monument to fight with the twin ghost emperors, the spiritual wisdom of this fairy sword should have been opened by him." The Golden Dragon King also seemed to see Xiao Yan's doubts, and then said.

"Xianjian... Sure enough, he already possesses spiritual wisdom..." Xiao Yan was also overjoyed when he heard this.

"Boom boom boom!" An extremely hot temperature emerged from the sword at first, and the next moment it instantly filled Xiao Yan's body.

Although this terrifying temperature was extremely hot, it was naturally not a problem for someone like Xiao Yan who had already swallowed and merged 23 kinds of flames.

However, after that, for some unknown reason, after Xiao Yan had endured the temperature of the immortal sword, the immortal sword also became silent.

A few breaths passed, and an extremely large suction force emerged from the immortal sword, and the target of the suction was the Dou Qi in Xiao Yan's body!

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan also discovered the purpose of this immortal sword at the first time, and then suddenly broke free!

However, what Xiao Yan didn't expect was that since he held the fairy sword, the two seemed to be bound together forcibly!

No matter how Xiao Yan struggled, this immortal sword was firmly attached to his hand like a mountain.

"Don't panic, let it suck." Just when Xiao Yan was in a hurry and was about to use the huge soul power in his body to cut off the connection between himself and this fairy sword, his master Jin Longwang seemed to have found something and said with a smile.

"Yes, just let it **** and see how much it can absorb." The next moment, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire also slowly lit up, and Long Yi also appeared.

"This... what's going on?" Xiao Yan also stopped the movements in his hands under the words of the two, and let the sword absorb the fighting spirit in his body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, Xiao Yan could feel that the Dou Qi in his body was slowly flowing into this immortal sword. This immortal sword seemed to be a bottomless pit, absorbing the power from the fusion of twenty-three different fires in Xiao Yan's body without any worries. !

"This should be the core area. In order to prevent any changes, you take out that conch!" The Golden Dragon King also said.

"Yes." Xiao Yan heard the words and slowly took out the conch named Hai's voice.

Although Xiao Yan only knew that the conch was also an immortal weapon, but thinking about it, he also needed the special means of his Tianmuyu clan to use it, so he didn't put his mind on it.

"Shabu Shabu!" The immortal sword in Xiao Yan's hand absorbed nearly 50% of Xiao Yan's vindictive energy, and it stopped absorbing it. Then, as if he was full, he was still unfinished, and twenty-three different rays of light appeared throughout his body.

"Since you're full, let's work." A voice full of jokes also slowly appeared in this space.

"Work?" Xiao Yan was also at a loss. Obviously, the source of the voice was the Golden Dragon King standing in front of him.

The voice of the Golden Dragon King had just fallen, and the fairy sword in Xiao Yan's hand seemed to have the intelligence to understand human voices.

"Do you still want to run when you're full?" Although Xiao Yan didn't know why his master, the Golden Dragon King, did this for the time being, he definitely had his reasons for doing this, and he immediately stopped him.

This Emperor Yanjie was left by Emperor Tuogu, Xiao Yan accepted the inheritance of ancient emperor Tuoluo, thus breaking through Emperor Dou. This ancient emperor Tuoshe also said that he was Xiao Yan's teacher This Golden Dragon King is the brother of Emperor Tuoshe Gu, and in terms of seniority, he is naturally his own master.

So Xiao Yan also has absolute control over this Emperor Yan Ring!

However, Xiao Yan also knows that this Emperor Flame Ring is definitely not simple, because Xiao Yan's current soul power at the peak of the Emperor Realm's mortal level and the mid-term strength of the four-star Dou Emperor, I am afraid that this Emperor Flame Ring is only a corner of his knowledge!

According to Xiao Yan's guess, this Emperor Yan Ring will gradually surface as his strength increases, and many mysteries will gradually surface!

After all, most of the rings can only store some medicinal herbs and daily necessities. After all, those things are dead. As for weapons, there are very few rings that can hold them!

Not to mention that it is a weapon of the fairy level like Xiao Yan, so Xiao Yan also concluded that this Emperor Yan Ring is not simple, but it is not a venue for discussing the Emperor Yan Ring. , cut off the immortal sword's idea of ​​escaping into the emperor's flame ring.

Xianjian also seemed to sense Xiao Yan's movements, and immediately flew to the ground, like a deflated balloon.

"You still have this immortal sword..." Xiao Yan was also quite helpless about this, the immortal sword in front of him was like a little baby, quite willful!

"Haha, it seems that you are very interested in the stone inside..."

"If you help us get through here, then the stone will be given to you." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"Really?" A coquettish anger slowly emanated from the immortal sword!

Ask for tickets!