Chapter 305: The tyranny of the green flute!

"Damn boy, don't be mad!" Zi Lian heard that, her eyes were dazed with anger.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Even an ordinary four-star Dou Di Perfection level powerhouse didn't dare to take the attack just now. He didn't expect this Xiao Yi to break his attack so easily, which surprised Zi Lian.

At this moment, Zi Lian held the feather fan in his hand, and he couldn't think of a good way for a while, so he had to keep dealing with Xiaoyi, and then looked at the battle in the other two places, trying to delay time, once Li Zi on his side Or other people free their hands, then this kid can't make too much waves.

In another place, ten named disciples surrounded Mu Feng and Lvdi, not giving them any way out.

"How is it, are you afraid?" Mu Feng also said slowly to the green flute beside him.

Mu Feng and Lvdi were both powerful in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di, so it was quite difficult for them to deal with these ten people.

"Force it..."

"But don't drop the chain." Green Flute also smiled quietly, and then without hesitation, the green grudge filled the air instantly.

"This grudge is poisonous!"

"Everyone, be careful!" There are also some sharp-eyed people among the ten named disciples. Just seeing the green grudge on the green flute, they knew that this woman is not a fuel-efficient lamp.

"Let the horses come here." Mu Feng also stimulated the fighting qi in his body, forming a dark blue fighting qi, and then the wooden sword in his hand slowly appeared, watching the ten named disciples vigilantly.

After all, these ten named disciples were at the four-star Dou Di Consummation level, but Mu Feng did not dare to be careless, otherwise it would easily capsize in the gutter.

"Hehe, what an interesting little guy..."

"This green grudge seems a bit like the atmosphere of the Medusa family outside the Xuanling royal family. It seems that this girl's status in the Medusa family is not low."

"Why does this kid's dark blue vindictive aura resemble that of a ghost junior brother..."

"I heard that Junior Brother Gui accepted an apprentice before, could it be this kid?" The old man above the hall also said slowly, but no one noticed.

"Go!" The ten named disciples also said slowly, and the next moment, Dou Qi instantly emerged from their bodies, and the ten Dou Qi converged into a larger beam of light, with an overwhelming terrifying aura, moving towards Lu Di and Mu Feng. Attack away.

The green flute was muttering something, and then Mu Feng also saw some tiny snakes appearing out of thin air around the green flute, but Mu Feng also felt an extremely terrifying aura from these tiny snakes on the green flute. Obviously, the origins of these little snakes are quite extraordinary.

"Good job!" Seeing this, Mu Feng did not retreat, because he also knew that the battle space in this hall was extremely limited. At this time, the green flute was obviously using some fighting skills, so Mu Feng would definitely not retreat easily. , and despite the combined efforts of these ten named disciples, Mu Feng is also not afraid of it!

The wooden sword in his hand glowed with a dark blue light, and then he attacked the beam of fighting qi that the ten people joined together to attack!

"Shabu Shabu!"

The dark blue light of Mu Feng and the combined beam of light of the ten named disciples just touched each other, and a dazzling spark occurred. Obviously, the collision was also extremely intense.

The next moment, Mu Feng laughed, and with Mu Feng's smile, the dark blue sword light that was confronting the ten named disciples in front of him also shattered instantly, and then the terrifying beam of light was about to attack Mu Feng in the next moment. Maple and Green Flute.

"Go!" At this critical moment of life and death, Lu Di also completed the fighting skills in her hands, and a small snake appeared on her body. The three little snakes of different colors rose out of thin air, and then went away to the terrifying beam of light in front of them!

"Humph!"

"Seeking a dead end!" The ten named disciples also increased their Dou Qi injection, and the volume of the dazzling beam of light also swelled, and they collided with Green Flute's little snake in a blink of an eye.

"嘁偁嘁!" The three little snakes made a small voice, and then an extremely terrifying force also emanated from the three little snakes, and the dazzling beam of light attacked viciously together!

"Bang bang bang!" Just after the dazzling beam of light collided with the power of the three little snakes, those present were shocked to discover that the dazzling beam of light that was originally unstoppable was melting at a speed visible to the naked eye!

"damn it!"

"This snake has a strong corrosive power!" Among the ten named disciples, they also discovered that the three little snakes were different, and then the combined force also collapsed.

"What kind of fighting skill are you, you are so strong!" Mu Feng, who was beside him, also muttered, obviously very curious.

The terrifying terror just now was a joint attack of ten four-star Dou Emperors at the perfect level. Even if they didn't do their best, the power generated by the joint force was extremely terrifying, and it was unexpected that these three little snakes could easily resolve it.

"This is my secret." Green Flute also smiled and did not answer Mu Feng's question.

"Little flower!"

"Go bite them!" Green Flute opened her lips slightly, and then there was some smile in her voice.

"Sisisi..." The three red, white and green snakes also heard the sound of the green flute, and then responded with effort.

The next moment, the three little snakes also attacked the ten named disciples.

"damn it!"

"You mustn't let these three little snakes touch, otherwise you will be in big trouble." The ten named disciples also knew it, so they tried their best to dodge.

Seeing this, Mu Feng also worked hard to cooperate with Green Flute, and then kept dealing with them.

"This woman named Green Flute has a somewhat complicated background..."

"If I remember correctly, these three little snakes are the treasures of the Medusa royal family..." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly in his heart, although Xiao Yan also noticed the difference in the green flute, he didn't go here either. Think about it.

"Trash!"

"What a bunch of trash!" Li Zi on the side also said angrily.

I was fighting against Mu Yingying. Although the azure flame energy on Mu Yingying's body was extremely terrifying, but fortunately, relying on her earth-type fighting spirit, she also greatly defended against Mu Yingying's attack, but Li Zi was the most powerful. Surprised is still this Mu Yingying.

He is a powerhouse, and even in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, it is difficult to find an opponent, but for some reason, every time his terrifying attack hits Mu Yingying, it feels like hitting a sponge... …

So Li Zi is also very helpless!

Moreover, Li Zi thought at first that he would be able to solve the battle quickly, and then deal with this Mu Yingying, and went to help the other two places. At that time, they also won a big victory, and joining the Fenxiang Pavilion was also a matter of hand.

What Li Zi didn't expect was that this Mu Yingying was so difficult to deal with, and their ten four-star Dou Emperor Perfection level powerhouses were chased around by two people!

What a system this is!

Those are ten four-star Dou Emperor Perfection level powerhouses!

Their opponents are just two late stage four-star Dou Di people!

This is what makes Li Zi the most angry.

But this Li Zi has really wronged the ten four-star Dou Emperors who had completed their perfection.

Because the green flute carries the blood of the royal family of the Medusa family, and its strength is extremely terrifying, the strength of the four-star Dou Emperor in the late stage, and her rare three little snakes, are enough to deal with the five-star Dou Emperor powerhouse. The perfect powerhouse of the Star Dou Emperor is not easy and pleasant to capture.

"It seems that this competition will also be decided." Xiao Yan also looked at several battles in the arena with satisfaction, but Xiao Yan also noticed that there was a fiery anger in the eyes of the other named disciples.

Ask for tickets!