Chapter Vol 4 995: Wild Wave Jade Crocodile

"Under here, there is a lot of ghost energy..." Xiao Yan just swept away from the gap towards the Blood River Pond below, at an extremely slow speed. After all, Yanchi just said that there are guardians here, so Xiao Yan is extremely careful.

"Not coming out yet?" Xiao Yan was descending extremely slowly, but the gap below the gap was also dozens of meters away from the surface of the Blood River Pond.

"What a vast space..."

"The area of ​​this blood river pool is probably several thousand meters." Xiao Yan descended to five meters from the water surface, and only then did he discover the whole picture of this blood river pool.

Looking around, the area of ​​this Blood River Pond is extremely vast. I am afraid that there is an empty space for hundreds of meters above the water surface, and above that, it is Xiao Yan and the others who opened the gap.

From ten meters below Mu Yingying and the three of them, there is a vast empty space below.

"The surface of the water... it's so calm." Xiao Yan held back his movement, and the dazzling soul power continued to emerge, and probed towards the water surface, but Xiao Yan was extremely puzzled that his soul power was still being captured by the mysterious water surface. The power in it is swallowed up.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, a huge wave suddenly appeared on the surface of the water that had always been calm. The flames roared.

"Not good!" Just now Xiao Yan was still thinking, and was suddenly shocked by this sudden attack, and it was too close to attack, and it was unrealistic to escape.

"Immortal body!" Although Xiao Yan's face was calm, but with his huge soul power, he still found out what kind of power the huge tail attack contained, and then he didn't dare to underestimate the enemy, and his dazzling immortal body suddenly appeared. come out.

"Boom boom boom!" Immortal body just emerged, and immediately surrounded Xiao Yan, like a golden giant, and the energy tail attack that appeared from the water surface also collided with Xiao Yan in an instant.

"So strong..." The attacks of the two slowly receded, and Xiao Yan coughed a few times before speaking, obviously relying on the defense of his immortal body, it still brought a lot of pressure to Xiao Yan.

"what!"

"Come out for me!" Xiao Yan shouted at the bottom, and then his eyes were fixed on the surface of the water.

At this time, Xiao Yan's body was shrouded in immortality, like a golden giant with a size of several tens of meters, and the holy flame and soul power in his body were always prepared. Once this mysterious creature appeared, it would emit terror. a blow.

"Shabu Shabu!" Just when Xiao Yan was highly concentrated, many blisters suddenly appeared on the surface of the water, as if something was about to appear.

"Seventh layer breaking the second ruler of the sky!"

"Death to me!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan suddenly took off the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him, and a giant ruler of energy suddenly flew towards the bottom with bubbles.

"Hoohoho!" In the face of such a powerful blow from Xiao Yan, the creature under the water seemed to let out an extremely angry roar, and the next moment, the full picture of the mysterious creature slowly surfaced.

"Grumble!"

"I didn't expect it to be the Crazy Wolf Jade Blood Crocodile..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but said looking at the huge guy slowly emerging from the water.

"Crazy Wave Jade Blood Crocodile, this is a kind of magical beast that only exists in ancient times. I didn't expect to encounter it here."

"It is said that the Crazy Wave Jade Crocodile feeds on humans. Looking at the strength of the guy, it is comparable to the powerhouses in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor. I am afraid that they have eaten away a lot of humans. , the only way to subdue it is to defeat it and make it submissive, and looking at this guy's pupils, with such a strange blood color, I'm afraid this is a big grown-up guy..." Xiao Yan stared at the guy in front of him, enduring Don't stop talking.

The Wild Wave Jade Crocodile itself is shaped like a crocodile, but it is different from ordinary crocodiles. Whether it is on its front paws or its hind paws, it contains a trace of refreshing blood, and even the crocodile pupils are full of blood. An unusually **** smell.

"Human, get out of here." Crazy Wave Jade Crocodile just appeared, and then stared at Xiao Yan vigilantly, obviously with years of perception of danger, it knew that the young man in front of him seemed to have some extremely terrifying power in his body.

"Crazy Wave Jade Blood Crocodile, I'm here just to use the Blood River Pond. If you let me use it, I will be very grateful." Xiao Yan said, not too surprised that the Wild Wave Jade Blood Crocodile would vomit. After all, the strength of this guy is extremely terrifying.

"Blood River Pond is my permanent place, you should leave quickly." Crazy Wave Jade Blood Crocodile refused directly.

"Under this..."

"There seems to be something good?" Xiao Yan smiled when he saw this guy's refusal so neatly.

"You are courting death!" Crazy Wave Jade Crocodile originally did not want to kill him because he was afraid of Xiao Yan, but when Xiao Yan said it at this moment, a monstrous murderous intent emerged!

The following things, only oneself can know and enjoy!

"It's almost there..." Seeing the furious Crazy Wave Jade Blood Crocodile swinging its huge body and whistling towards Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan lifted his palm lightly, and a dazzling formation suddenly dissipated from the palm of his hand. out.

"Formation?"

"Not good!" Crazy Wave Jade Blood Crocodile Liquid is worthy of being a Warcraft comparable to a human eight-star Dou Di Just after feeling the dazzling power in Xiao Yan's palm, she said it directly, and then just contained it. The offensive that was about to attack Xiao Yan dissipated immediately, and the swift crocodile escaped from Xiao Yan's formation beam!

Crazy Wave Jade Blood Crocodile knows that if a beam is shrouded in this formation, he will be bound by it in a short time, and if he is bound by it, the thing below will be in jeopardy.

"It's not over yet..."

"Huangquan's anger!" And Xiao Yan looked at the mad waves and blue-blooded crocodiles fleeing everywhere, and an invisible soul attack lightly filled the space.

"Boom boom boom." In the face of the soul attack from Xiao Yan's soul power at the peak level of Dou Di, he could only obediently admit his failure even if the Wild Wave Jade Blood Crocodile was strong.

Not long after, the maddened Jade Blood Crocodile who was hit by the soul attack flashed with pain in the pupils, but before he could react, the array beam directly shrouded him.

"Finally, he was imprisoned."

"It seems that the surge of soul power can still be used as a killer at critical times, but the means of soul attack are too limited, and Huang Quantian's anger is already vaguely insufficient. It seems that we need to find time to expand the means of soul attack. ."

"Moreover, the core inscription of Shen Dong's natal life has now reached one-half of the peak period, and the tyranny of the formation is at a higher level."

"Otherwise, dealing with this guy who is comparable to the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di would really take a lot of energy." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and he ignored the Crazy Wave and Jade Blood Crocodile who were bound by the formation, and returned to the gap.