Chapter Vol 4 1646: The wind is rising (below)!

Court of Justice.

In the splendid sanctuary, several figures slowly appeared here. These guys are covered with a layer of white halo, as dazzling and gentle as the first rays of light under the setting sun, and in this power Next, the powerhouses of the entire church have an irresistible vision of power on their bodies.

The so-called sanctuary is the core of the court of justice. This is the place where numerous decrees on the management of the lower planes of Li Soul Territory and trial orders for wanted enemies are issued. It can be said unceremoniously that the court of justice is the entire territory of Li Soul Territory. Butlers generally exist, and the power they hold is quite tyrannical.

Once the wanted order is issued, the court of justice will take the lead, the court of adjudication will join forces, and the two forces will jointly forcibly suppress the force. One to manage power and one to manage combat power.

"Teacher." At this time, in the center of the splendid hall, two rows of orderly guards were lined up one after another. Their faces were calm, and their eyes were fixed on a man at the end.

At the end, a stalwart figure of a middle-aged man stood here, and the one who spoke was a rather young man in front of the middle-aged man.

A golden leaf appeared on the chest of the middle-aged man. The texture of the golden leaf was soft, but it carried a shocking soul power. With the shock of this soul power, I am afraid that ordinary strong people would not be able to face this person normally.

The number of gold leaves and silver leaves determines their status in the court of justice.

The silver leaf is divided into five leaves. Each additional leaf will greatly improve its status in the court of justice. As for the golden leaf, it is only divided into one or two. There are only three powerhouses with a single gold leaf, and these three guys are undoubtedly the real powerhouses in the court of justice today. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

The two golden leaves are said to be close to the masters of the four major temples, but only one has appeared throughout the ages.

At this time, the man with a gold leaf on his chest closed and opened his eyes slightly, and a heavy breath came to his nostrils, like a giant dragon awakening from a deep sleep, majestic and suffocating.

"Lord Leng Mou." Looking at the middle-aged man in front of him with his eyes open, the guards in the second row all spoke in unison, and the voices were orderly and sounded like thunder.

"Deng Qing..." When Leng Jue heard the words, he nodded lightly, then looked at the man standing behind him, and said softly.

"Master Dean, this subordinate is here!" The young man on the side was shocked when he heard the words, and said respectfully.

"Although the matter of the Undying Fire Ruins this time is very strange, it is also a kind of training for you."

"If you succeed in obtaining the immortal fire from the ruins, then the immortal fire will be given to you as a reward. In addition, you can also enter the trial grounds to accept the inheritance of the trial." Leng Eye's fingers slowly closed, unable to help but squeeze tightly. The corner of his mouth turned to Deng Qing and said.

"My subordinates take orders!" Deng Qing heard the words, and there was also a fiery feeling in his heart.

"How many people do you need?" After a while, he asked coldly.

"One disciple is enough!" As soon as the voice fell, Deng Qing's body suddenly filled with black ghosts, and then his body completely disappeared like a ghost, apparently heading towards the land of holy flames.

"Hehe... Your lord, although Deng Qing is young now, he already has three silver leaves. With time, he will surely inherit your lord's dominance." Some of the guards couldn't help but speak.

"Perhaps...but we should go." After watching Deng Qing leave, the mighty body swayed slightly, as if he was building a space channel.

"Sir...Where are we going?" the chief guard couldn't help asking.

"Go to the shrine of Lord Li Hun. Recently, Li Hunyu doesn't seem to be very peaceful. We have a lot of power, and naturally we can't be absent."

"Let's go!" As soon as the voice fell, dozens of people in a row went directly towards Li Soul Territory, but among them, the lowest strength was enough to reach the Six-Star Fighting Immortal!

the other side.

Court of Adjudication.

In the Court of Adjudication, it holds the power of adjudication in Li Soul Domain, and to put it bluntly, it holds absolute combat power.

The powerhouses in the court of justice may be ranked second in the top five courts, but the first one must be the court of adjudication.

The Court of Adjudication has control over other top powers in the entire Li Soul Realm, except in the Temple of Li Soul Lord, it is enough to support a huge existence in a realm.

Here, it can be said that there is a first example of the first cut and then the performance, so this force is the well-deserved leader of the five academies.

"Hua Shou... What should I do about the Ruins of Immortal Fire?" At this time, in the Judgment Mountain, halfway up the mountain, two men slowly descended. The expressions of the two were quite calm. One looked young, but the other was watching When they got up, they looked like old-fashioned dragons, but the two of them contained a terrifying power that could destroy the world.

"Send Yu Xiao to go."

"There are countless forces in the entire Li Soul Territory and the grand event of the five major courts How can we be without our court of adjudication." The man called Hua Shou laughed loudly.

"This subordinate will do it."

"But there is one more thing..." The old man nodded slightly, but the next moment his expression became strange.

"What's the matter?" Hua Shou's smile froze instantly when he noticed that he was looking at such a serious gaze.

"In Li Soul Territory, in addition to the Soul Eater Territory mentioned by the four major temples, there may be supreme powers pouring into our territory. Recently, we have been secretly guarding the brothers around Li Soul Territory, and many have disappeared, so there are strong people in the courtyard. , but found that this does not seem to be done by the strong men of Soul Eater Domain, because where they disappeared, the evil aura is very dignified, and this aura, according to the investigation of the strong men, probably originated from the evil race outside the domain."

"It's still the king of the foreign evil race." After seeing that, his voice became hoarse.

Even at their level, it is quite dangerous to face the king-level powerhouses among the foreign evil races.

"The king of the evil race outside the territory... The Lord of Soul Eater Soul Eater Domain..."

"It seems that this time, Master Li's plan seems to be interesting."

"According to the plan, I will naturally arrange the rest." After the man finished speaking, he laughed and walked away.

"Hua Shou's current strength is probably on par with the masters of the four major temples. It's really frightening." After the old man finished speaking, his figure disappeared, and he arranged for the disciples to go to the land of holy flames. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

For a time, the entire Li Soul Territory became divided into two groups. While searching for the powerhouses in the Soul Devouring Territory, they were secretly vigilant to find the aura of the evil race outside the Territory.

Without the management of high-level powerhouses, the matter of the immortal fire relics this time will be the most lively competition among countless forces in the Li Soul Territory for a hundred years.