Chapter 680: Countermeasures!

"It's almost there!" When Qinxin and Mu Yingying were dealing with Yinmu, Xiao Yan was not idle either. On the one hand, he worked hard to stimulate the spiritual sea in his body, and mobilized the huge spiritual power to stimulate the suspension in Xiao Yan's body. The core inscription of the divine movement at the Ni Gong Wan.

It is strange to say that since Xiao Yan's spiritual power has skyrocketed under the nourishment of the holy flame, every time Xiao Yan mobilized his spiritual power to contact the core of his life, it was extremely relaxed, without any hesitation!

Then Xiao Yan couldn't care less, so he had to work hard to condense the core inscriptions. In a short period of time, thousands of core inscriptions were condensed, and then he controlled the soul power and scattered these thousands of core inscriptions around the four of them. , These scattered places are very similar to a formation, this formation has now begun to take shape, as long as Xiao Yan gives an order, it will be activated instantly.

On the other hand, Xiao Yan was also observing that when the Yin Wood just took Qinxin's flame attack with his bare hands, the palm of his hand seemed to shake violently. Obviously, even the sub-fire in the holy flame on Qinxin's body was powerful. It is also not to be underestimated!

After all, the ghosts in the ghost world are mostly sinister powers, while flames or holy flames are masculine things, and they will have some restraint effects more or less.

"Humph!"

"I will bring you the best death movement!"

"Susu!" In the next moment, Yinmu directly shook Mu Yingying and Qin Xin's two **sen's strange laughter, and then a black ghost that was extremely thick was born from the body.

The black ghost qi was extremely thick, and when it was born, it blocked all the escape routes of Xiao Yan and the others. After a while, it covered the distance of 100 meters around Xiao Yan and the others.

"Is it similar to an enchantment..." Qinxin whispered, Qinxin could feel that the strange ghostly energy emanating from this Yinmu body, and suddenly the halfway up the mountain of Wuliang Mountain changed drastically!

"It's a pity that these two beauties are gone." Yinmu couldn't help laughing when he saw his barrier formed. Obviously, it would be a pity if the beauty of Mu Yingying and Qinxin fell like this.

In this enchantment condensed by ghost qi, one's own strength will be greatly enhanced. As for the strength of Xiao Yan and others, it will be weakened to the greatest extent. This is also the safest method for Yinmu. Yan is said to be the human who killed the twin ghost emperors, no matter whether it is true or not, Yinmu has to guard against it.

"Let me come." Just as Mu Yingying and Qin Xin were about to launch a terrorist attack to destroy the barrier, a deep but extremely confident voice sounded.

"You... can you do it?" Qinxin glanced at each other slightly. With Qinxin's perception, she naturally knew that the strength of this yin wood had reached the Seven Star Dou Di. With this mysterious space, I'm afraid the aura would be even stronger. powerful!

"Don't worry, this guy, I can still deal with it." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then directly passed the two women, his sharp eyes slowly staring at Yinmu, even if the Yinmuhuo at this time exudes a strange ghost, there is no trace of it. Don't be afraid!

"This guy's aura is a bit weird, I'm afraid it is the nine ghost emperors in the ghost world." Xiao Yan's heart, Xinyan's voice sounded slightly.

"Nine Great Ghost Emperors?" Xiao Yan was stunned when he heard the words just about to start.

I had killed the twin ghost emperors in the corpse forest before. If this guy is also a ghost emperor, then maybe this guy's strength...

"No, this breath should be one of the generals among the Ghost Emperors. After all, he is only at the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor." The next moment, Xinyan also noticed Xiao Yan's thoughts and said.

"I don't know who the Nine Great Ghost Emperors are..." Xiao Yan said to Xinyan.

"The nine ghost emperors are the most powerful ones under the ghost fairy in the ghost world. Maybe their strength is not the peak of the fighting emperor, but their ability is the most powerful under the ghost fairy!"

"Nine ghost emperors, I don't know much, but the twin ghost emperors you killed before are also one of them, and at best they can be ranked in the top six."

"And even if it is killed by you, as long as the ghost emperor's heart is not destroyed, after a short time, I am afraid that another twin ghost emperor will be born."

"However, as far as I know, among the seven worlds, there are very few things that dream of destroying the heart of the ghost emperor." Xinyan said.

"Boy, hand over the ghost emperor's heart." Seeing that Xiao Yan didn't hide behind the two girls, Yinmu could not help but hummed slightly.

If this guy is just a shrunken turtle, then he still needs a lot of power to kill him. After all, this is Luoling Mountain. If too much power is used, it may attract the powerhouses of Fenxiang Pavilion.

"Ghost Emperor Heart..."

"The ghost emperor's heart is the most important foundation of the ghost emperor, how could it be in Xiao Yan's hands..."

"Master said that Xiao Yan killed the twin ghost emperors, but how could it be possible for something so evil as the ghost emperor's heart..." Qin Xin heard Xiao Yan's eyes a little differently.

As for Mu Yingying, she simply stared at Xiao Yan and Yinmu. Once the battle situation got out of control, I am afraid that Mu Yingying would take action as soon as possible, but what makes Mu Yingying feel strange is that the space here is clearly already He was enveloped by the yin wood ghost, but he couldn't feel the unique gloomy aura in the ghost, just a trace of hot temperature appeared.

"Ghost emperor heart..." A strange smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and then a beautiful flaming lotus seed appeared in his hand. The next moment, without hesitation, he suddenly attacked the yin treeIs this the Ghost Emperor's Heart..." Yinmu stared at the terrifying lotus seed whistling from Xiao Yan's hands, the corners of his mouth wriggling slightly.

Yinmu is a capable officer under the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor, but even so, he has never seen the Ghost Emperor's heart. He only knows that the Ghost Emperor's heart contains extremely powerful power. If you get it, it is enough to have the power of a ghost emperor!

"Not good!" When Xiao Yan's silent fire-fighting lotus was about to attack him, Yinmu shouted, because at this time, Yinmu realized that this was not the heart of a ghost emperor at all, but a flame that was condensed to the limit. Power!

"Shabu Shabu!" Yinmu didn't have time to think about it, and wriggled with ghostly energy, trying to resist this terrifying attack.

However, Xiao Yan's silent fire-fighting lotus was formed by the fusion of twenty-three different fire sources. If it was easily resisted by the yin wood, it would not be called the silent fire-fighting lotus!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying heat wave continued to spread from Yinmu's ghost and black cloak, making this enchantment that had been shrouded in Yinmu ghost agitated!

"Ah ah ah!" Because there was no timely defense, the lotus of silence attacked the yin wood, and then it let out a scream, and it suddenly sounded, and the fire wave was instantly sent away by an inexplicable powerful force, but it was only The yin wood, which was originally shrouded in black cloak and ghostly energy, actually became extremely obvious.

As the cloak and ghost aura on Yinmu's body disappeared, he disappeared, and an extremely transparent figure slowly appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

"Spirit...soul body?" Xiao Yan immediately noticed the change in Yinmu, but when Xiao Yan moved his gaze and perception to Yinmu, a silent surprise came to his heart! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: