Chapter Vol 4 1198: Attract bait!

"Crash!"

"What is this..." Just as Xiao Yan's soul power was in a state of no one, he was heading towards the brain center of the criminal guard's body. At first, he went all the way without hindrance, but he discovered some problems along the way.

The brain center is the place with the most complete memory. Xiao Yan directly poured his soul power into the criminal guard. If he could enter the brain center, he would undoubtedly be able to detect all the memories that the criminal guard knew.

At this time, this road is the fastest road to the brain center, but at this time, Xiao Yan was blocked by a huge black beam of light.

This black light beam tightly blocks the only way to the brain center, and there is no terrifying fluctuation on the black light beam, but for some reason, when Xiao Yan stared at this rather ordinary black light curtain, A burst of dizziness came slowly.

"This light curtain is a bit strong." After a little probing, Xiao Yan felt a little helpless. The black light beam in front of him that was blocking his path was quite complicated, and its strength was not something he could handle.

"Evil power..."

"Looking at the appearance, this black beam has a lot of origin, but it's exactly what I want."

"I sucked it with the blood river bell!"

"I just got the Blood River Bell and I haven't charged it yet. Such dazzling energy can be used as fertilizer." The Lord of Soul Eater suddenly laughed.

"This power is too evil, will it be okay..." Although the Soul Eater and the Blood River Bell are both evil spirits in the ghost world, Xiao Yan was still a little worried.

"Don't worry, the power of this ghost soldier is much stronger than you think."

"If you can't absorb even this bit of evil power, then the title of the evil soldier in the ghost world will be in vain."

"Although this power is the evil power of the evil people from outside the realm, it is just like a dream to want a ghost soldier to have an accident with such a little power."

"The real king of their foreign evil race is almost here..." The Soul Eater said with great disdain.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words and his head was covered with black lines.

"Blood River Bell, it's up to you." After a while, the delicate little bell appeared directly in Xiao Yan's hand, and then Xiao Yan muttered silently.

"Ring Ling Ling!" The blood river bell was just thrown up by Xiao Yan, and a harsh sound suddenly sounded, and a **** aura permeated out of it. With the appearance of this **** aura, Xiao Yan's breathing was even the vindictive energy in his body. The flow has become extremely slow.

"I'm afraid this blood river bell is not simple." When he noticed this scene, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

After all, the power of He Ling, who only released a slight trace of blood at this time, is so tyrannical. If it is really displayed, I am afraid its power will be enough to shake the world.

"Rush!" The next moment, the aura of the Soul Eater suddenly shook, and a spooky ghostly aura instantly enveloped Xiao Yan's figure. The purpose of this was naturally to relieve Xiao Yan from the pressure of Xue Heling. .

"Sure enough!" At this time, Xiao Yan's eyes were focused on the blood river bell, and he did not notice the breath released by the Soul Eater, otherwise Xiao Yan should have vaguely guessed that the Soul Eater had a trace of the Lord of Soul Eater. Ghost Qi, the power in it is actually far more powerful than Samsung Douxian!

And its true peak strength, I am afraid it is close to the true peak in this great world!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Ling Lingling!" The blood river bell made a piercing sound, and immediately, those evil forces were like a **** burst, and they were swallowed directly by it.

After swallowing so much evil power, Xiao Yan could vaguely feel that the aura of the blood river bell was also slightly intensifying.

"Let's go." After doing all this, the Master of Soul Eater said directly.

Without the resistance of the evil power, Xiao Yan suddenly came to the brain center of the sin guard easily.

"Erosing it with soul power will allow him to probe his memory." Xiao Yan murmured, and without hesitation, he turned into a stream of light, penetrating into the brain center of the guy in front of him.

"..." In a blink of an eye, five minutes passed. Looking at the constantly changing light group in front of him, the Soul Eater was also worried.

This light group is the brain center of the sin guard, and Xiao Yan has just entered it, and suddenly the light radiates, even after a few minutes, the light does not weaken, the Lord of Soul Eater can't help but worry, after all, Xiao Yan at this time is It is composed of soul power. If something goes wrong, it may affect its origin.

"How's it going?" After ten minutes, Xiao Yan's soul body suddenly emerged from the central light group in the brain, and the Soul Eater hurriedly asked.

"Someone should have set an extremely tyrannical seal on this guy's brain center. Even I can't break it." Xiao Yan just shook his head and said.

"Let's go out first, we'll have a long-term plan." Seeing this, the Soul Eater also shook his head and said.

"Well, let's go."

"But this trip didn't come for nothing."

"At least I know their purpose and personnel distribution. It's just that my deeper memory is protected by a powerful force. My current soul strength is not enough to crack it." Xiao Yan said when leaving.

After the two of them finished speaking, they jumped directly, left the body of the sin guard, and immediately returned to the altar, and the sin guard was temporarily unconscious because Xiao Yan invaded his brain center.

"How's it going?" Xiao Yan just opened his eyes when Shuiyue and Liu Qing who were beside him hurriedly gathered around and asked.

Liu Qing is so urgent, of course, because of her special status. The reason why she traveled with the Eagle Eye team is just to experience and participate in the Eastern Continent.

As for Shuiyue, she is still quite afraid of the power of sin, so she naturally wants to know its information and catch it all at once, so as to avoid future troubles.

"There are three of them." Xiao Yan got up slightly and said something.

"Three people?" Following Xiao Yan's words, Shui Yue couldn't help but be surprised.

The power of this crime is extremely huge and ~ But if there are only three people on the other side, one person has already fallen into their hands. As for the other two, it seems that they don't need to be the captain. solve.

"Is there any secret?" As a girl, Liu Qing was naturally more careful than Shuiyue. He noticed a trace of worry under Xiao Yan's face and asked.

"There are only three of them."

"But their strengths are the late one-star Dou Xian, the late two-star Dou Xian... and..."

"The late Sanxing Dou Xian." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he let out a long sigh of relief. When Xiao Yan said Sanxing Dou Xian, there was a burst of tightness in his chest.

With Xiao Yan's current strength, it is not difficult to deal with the ordinary one-star Dou Xian in the middle and late stages, and even a complete one-star Dou Xian can fight against the backwater. And in the case of clan lines, the winning rate is less than 100%.

If the three-star fighting immortal is stronger than the two-star fighting immortal, I am afraid it will just die.

"A powerhouse in the late Sanxing Dou Xian?" With Xiao Yan's voice falling, Shuiyue, Yu Xiaoye and Liu Qing all frowned.

The overall strength of their Eagle Eye Team is two one-star fighting immortals, three two-star fighting immortals, one three-star fighting immortal, one three-star fighting immortal, and the strength of the jade legacy of three-star fighting immortals is only in the mid-term!

The higher the level, the greater the gap contained in a small level.

Until now, they finally knew why Xiao Yan was worried.

End of this chapter