Chapter Vol 4 2205: A tense scramble!

"The people from the eastern tribe have also arrived."

"Crack!"

With a sound, the three people from the western tribe just stepped out of the void, and a void passage emerged from the forest outside the altar.

"Princess Qianqin in the Eastern tribe?"

Everyone raised their heads, and then a beautiful melody murmured in their ears. The latter's cloud sleeves swayed slightly, and the slender waist actually fluttered, as if dancing their jade body with the rhythm of the rhythm, like a dancing butterfly Generally beautiful.

The woman looks extremely delicate, her eyes are full of hope, her eyebrows are like green feathers, her teeth are like shells, and a pink bracelet is casually lying on her natural wrist. Water, occasionally flickering with a hint of worry, gives people a sacred aura that can only be viewed from a distance and cannot be played with!

"East falls, Qianqin."

The woman opened her mouth, her sweet smile hung on her pretty face all the time. Between the armrests of a jade qin, countless mysteries were added. The cyan dress fluttered in the wind, and the long black hair was added in the wind. The beauty is so suffocating.

"The candidates for the two major tribes have arrived."

"There are two first-tier and one reincarnation-tier in the western tribe, but only two reincarnation-tier powerhouses in the eastern tribe accompany Princess Qianqin and a first-tier one. This..."

Some of the elves who were optimistic about the eastern tribe looked remorseful. Obviously, in this competition, the strength on the bright side has already determined the key to the outcome.

"Don't worry, there are people from the southern tribe."

A melodious voice fell, and the atmosphere in the entire elf forest began to change, and it vaguely became extremely hot.

"Pfft!"

"Everyone, it's been a long wait."

Xiao Yi stepped through the void and came along with the two figures behind her, smiling cheerfully at the crowd.

There were two people behind him, one was Xiao Yan who was silent and kept a faint smile, and the other was the only first-level reincarnation elder in the southern tribe, Ma Wen.

The strength among the southern tribes is the bottom of the three major tribes in any respect. Why do they still have the courage to compete for the next patriarch position?

The fluctuations of the space channel slowly collapsed, and the nine people among the three major tribes were facing each other at a distance, but the terrifying confrontation in the dark would probably ignite at a moment!

There were nine figures, and the aura on each of them was as vast and unfathomable as the deep sea, making some of the surrounding elf powerhouses have a faint sense of fear at a glance.

The three major tribes formed by the three major electors alone have such a terrifying formation. I am afraid that this type of formation and handwriting can only be achieved by a giant race like the Fire Elf.

"That guy, could it be that the human beings who used the strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals to repel the elders of the Western Tribe?"

"Does this human really possess such terrifying power?"

"The internal affairs of the fire elves, this kind of thing is involved by outsiders, I'm afraid..."

The elf powerhouses who were onlookers looked at each other in dismay, and you muttered every word.

"Diff, is this guy the extraordinary human being you call him?"

"The mere mid-term strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals can actually knock you back?"

"This is unprecedented."

After taking her breath, a maid elf behind Alice made a slight voice, with a hint of contempt in her voice, and her beautiful eyes glanced at Xiao Yan.

"Two of the first-tier and one of the peak of reincarnation. The strength of this Western tribe is really extraordinary."

"But there seems to be something in the space here that makes Fen Jue and Sheng Yan disgusted... Is it a foreign evil race?" Xiao Yan glanced at the inner altar of spirits, and muttered to himself.

The fluctuations of the other two electors and six people are not bad, but there seems to be some strange atmosphere under this space?

"Hey, yes or not, I'm afraid you need to try it yourself."

Xiao Yan laughed casually, but after his voice fell, the temperature of the whole world suddenly began to heat up, and a scorching hot breath permeated out.

"Boy, you..."

"Yep."

Just when Maid Allen was about to speak, Alice Yongya raised her palm and waved, and the latter closed her mouth just now.

"Since everyone is here, let's take a seat."

Suddenly, a long voice sounded in this world, making the restless and fiery breath of countless people instantly silent.

"Triple or quadruple?"

"This is just an elder among the fire elves, not the strongest. It seems that there is a reason why this fire elves can become a giant force in the world."

Xiao Yan was surprised.

"Elder Ma Lin, wait a minute, Alice has something unknown."

Just above the elf altar, a layer of silver afterglow slowly dissipated, and when everyone was about to step into it, Alice suddenly made a sound.

"What's the matter?"

The Second Elder Ma Lin, although he was already some years old, still looked at Alice with a beautiful face.

"The election of the fire elves is an internal affair of our elves. Now it's a bit unreasonable to let an outsider intervene."

Alice's gentle voice contained some very obvious prejudices, and she said with a lingering fragrance under the gazes of countless people.

"This bastard!"

When Xiao Yi heard the words, she cursed inwardly, but because there are so many elven powerhouses today, it is not easy for them to attack, so she can only stare at Alice with a gloomy face.

"What Princess Alice said is very true, this is the internal affairs of our elves, and now a human being is involved, this..."

Following Alice's opening, some strong elves who supported the Western Tribe opened their mouths to join in.

"Well, let's do it."

"Xiao Yi and I have been sworn in since childhood, so I came here just for Xiao Yi."

"We don't have much interest in the affairs of the chief among your fire elves. UU reading www.uukanshu.com"

Xiao Yan walked over to Alice step by step, the dazzling fighting spirit on his body began to rise, and it vaguely turned into an amber-colored energy flame, releasing the divine and pure aura.

"Sir, this?"

Ma Wen, who was on the side, looked at Xiao Yan's appearance, and immediately wondered, they came to compete for the position of the next head of the Fire Elf clan. Xiao Yan's actions seemed to push them out?

"Second Elder, did you hear it too?"

"So, according to Alice's humble opinion, it is better to arrest this human being and wait for the end of the competition before making a decision."

Alice seemed to be holding the winning ticket, and she always kept a faint smile on her face.

"It's okay if you want me to leave. Second elder please give Xiao Yi everything in the seal of Xiao Yi's reincarnation."

"Of course, if you all insist on using force, Xiao Yan, the master of the Endless Fire Territory, is not talented, and you are willing to make a scene here."

"Wong buzzing!"

Xiao Yan's voice fell, and the amber flame rose like a piercing scorching sun. The dazzling brilliance purifies the restlessness in the bodies of countless elf powerhouses, and the surging flame energy spread out everywhere.

Under the threat of this flame, even the elven powerhouse with the strength of reincarnation could smell a rare heart palpitation.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: