Chapter Vol 4 976: Taobao

On this day, although it was close to night, with Xiao Yi's pull, he also headed towards the Taobao area.

"Are you going out?" Xiao Yan had not yet decided whether to call Mu Yingying or not when he just passed by Mu Yingying's residence, and the girl suddenly spoke slowly.

"Someone wants to run out in the middle of the night, but he doesn't know what he's going to do. Damn it, let's go with you." The next moment, another sweet voice sounded in the room, and when he looked up, it was Ling Xuan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Then, let's go." Xiao Yan looked at the two daughters and said directly without hesitation.

Although Lingxuan speaks very meanly, her heart is not bad, Xiao Yan knows this, and Mu Yingying's words, I am afraid this is the last chance for the two of them to meet, although Xiao Yan has no other feelings for Mu Yingying. Thoughts, but when she thinks that she is a human being converted from Shengyan, she has more or less sympathy in her heart.

Because you don't need to think about it to know what kind of inhuman torture you need to endure.

"go."

"I've heard that the bustling city of Xuehe Town is very lively, and I never had a chance to stroll around." Ling Xuan said, and then dragged Mu Yingying to the front, while Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi were helpless. followed behind.

"Big brother." Xiao Yi said suddenly and solemnly.

"Well?" Xiao Yan turned his head and asked.

"I always feel that this sect competition is not so simple."

"Moreover, the Xuanling royal family ignored the fact that you killed their third princes, Xuanmu and Qi Haoran. I think there should be something hidden in it." Xiao Yi said.

"I know this."

"However, the soldiers will block the water and cover the soil."

"And after the sect competition, I should leave here." Xiao Yan said earnestly.

"Brother, you..."

"Have you decided?" Xiao Yi said in surprise.

"Well, it's decided."

"Cai Lin is here, but Xun'er and the others are still missing, so we can't waste time." Xiao Yan said.

"Wherever you go, eldest brother, I will be with you."

"But recently I always feel weird, it seems that something in my body is guiding me." Xiao Yi said.

"I'm afraid it's the sequelae of the breakthrough?" Xiao Yan said.

"Yes." As soon as the words fell, Xiao Yi did not continue to speak in order not to distract Xiao Yan, and everyone came to the downtown.

Not to mention, this bustling city is located in the center of Xuehe Town, and the lively scene does not need to be less in Xuanling City.

"Emperor's first-grade earth pill: Feng Yan Yin."

"It is said that taking this medicine pill can greatly increase the user's speed, but it's a good thing for killing people."

"Where else!"

"It's actually a second-grade Emperor-rank Xuandan: Treasure Snake Pill!"

"This thing is the nemesis of the snake people. With it, it can defend against the snake venom of the Medusa family to a great extent, and it can also come and go freely on the Medusa site in the desert of death."

"..." As soon as he entered the downtown area, Ling Xuan said a series of medicinal pills that Xiao Yan was familiar with, which made Xiao Yan look at him involuntarily.

"Although these things are precious, they are too much of a fuss for us at the moment."

"Let's go, the more precious things are still in the depths of the downtown." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he led his two daughters towards the depths of the downtown.

And deep in the downtown area, a group of people familiar to Xiao Yan also slowly appeared.

In the depths of the downtown, the two teams of men and horses slowly confronted each other. The leaders were two women. The auras of the two women were completely different, but they had a unique charm.

"Did your Poison Sect send so many people..." Senior Sister Xiu Qi of Wanhua Pavilion nodded slightly and said.

"You seem to have fewer people." On the other hand, the senior elder sister Wu Po, who took the lead in the Poison Sect, also refused mercilessly.

"This time the sect competition, you and I both know it." Xiu Qi said slowly.

"Well, the protagonist of this sect competition seems to be here." After Wudu finished speaking, he pointed to the back, and then saw the four of them walking towards here.

"There will be an appointment in the future. I really want to see your progress." After Xiu Qi finished speaking, she turned and left here.

"I can't ask for it." Wudu replied softly and left here.

"I didn't expect you to have a good relationship with the two forces of Wanhua Pavilion and Poison Sect, but these two guys still don't let anyone." In the crowd, two burly men said.

"Senior brother, they are..." And Du Chun was at a loss.

Because in the Jiaoyue Ruins, I also saw the Fenxiang Pavilion, Wanhua Pavilion and the three forces of the Poison Sect cooperating, how can they be evenly matched now?

"Elder Sister of Wanhua Pavilion, Xiuqi, and Senior Sister of Poison Sect, Wudu, are old rivals, so even if the two forces have a good relationship, it won't change the fact that they are so hostile." Feng Hong said with a smile.

"Xiao Yan?" As soon as Feng Hong's voice fell, Du Chun suddenly found out that it was Xiao Yan, and couldn't help exclaiming.

The next moment, he was about to rush up to greet Xiao Yan, but was stopped by Feng Hong.

"Don't go." Feng Hong said with a solemn expression, and then he stopped talking, staring viciously at the powerhouse hidden in the dark in front of him.

There are three figures hidden in the crowd, all three figures are dressed in expensive and gorgeous costumes, and the breath between the eyebrows is also very comparable.

Naturally, the four of Xiao Yan didn't know these things, so they went to the depths of the downtown and wandered in peace.

"Mother Earth, has the mysterious effect of refining the body, and it only sells for one million gold coins. Don't miss it when you pass by."

"Jiu Xuan Tian Iron, the only material for refining magic weapons only costs five million gold coins, don't miss it." Some businessmen kept shouting, trying to attract passers-by to stop, because these businessmen They are some old and cunning people. Once they find that you are interested in something, they will do their best to increase the value of the treasure.

"Xiao Yan, Sister Yingying and I will wander around first, and we will meet with you later." Lingxuan made a face at Xiao Yan quite cleverly, and then dragged Mu Yingying to another place. .

"When did the relationship between Lingxuan and Mu Yingying become so good?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder, this Lingxuan was called Sister Yingying, which was something Xiao Yan had never heard of.

"Brother, you don't know. When you retreated and left before you, Mu Yingying spent a lot of time in Lingxuan. I don't know why, but their relationship has really improved." Xiao Yi He touched his head and said.

"Let's go, let's take a look too."

"If you're lucky, you might be able to find some treasures." Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi looked at each other, then walked around.

And in the dark, a voice also sounded slowly: "Follow Xiao Yan, I will meet the woman who transformed into a human being."

After the man finished speaking, he disappeared directly on the spot, and the strength of the two figures around him should not be underestimated, and they actually reached the level of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor and the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor.

"Yes."

"On the fourth day, all the lords." The two of them heard the words, agreed slightly, and followed Xiao Yan closely.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: .. Mobile version reading website: m.