Chapter Vol 4 2007: Enter the Holy Land!

The spooky blood prison was filled with countless blood snakes, turning it into a real hell, but with the attack of Xiao Yan's five-color flames and the blood of the snakes and scorpions, the entire blood prison scene was extremely hot, and the space was riddled with holes, as if encountering It was an extremely brutal fight!

The loud noise like the wrath of the gods covered the entire blood prison. The evil void around the blood prison suddenly became dim at this moment, and the hot fire foxes overflowed with the aura of destruction, and the huge void cracks gently filled the air. Come out, as appalling as the end of the world.

"What a terrifying power..." Even with the protection of Xiao Yan's power, Peerless Heavenly Emperor and Gu Yuan were behind Xiao Yan and couldn't help but mutter.

This level of attack, let alone the **** snakes, is extremely difficult even for peerless Heavenly Emperors of the same strength.

"Bang bang bang!" The five-color Buddha's wrath exploded in reincarnation, like a volcanic lava vent venting its anger, and countless sacred breaths swept out with the scorching flames, defeating the mighty snake and scorpion blood. .

"Good good!"

"Okay, you stinky boy!!!" Before the sound of the explosion had completely dissipated, an extremely angry shout emerged, and the sound contained extremely cold killing intent!

Serpent Xue'er never dreamed that a human kid in the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals would be able to display such appalling means of attack?

If it wasn't for her own unique skills, I'm afraid she would have just fallen to the ground, but this is so, a strong killing intent lingered in the heart of the snake and scorpion blood. Now she is quite embarrassed, and her body is white and red. Bloodstains appeared on the skin, and even the lifeline blood snake on the top of the head had already died.

"Sure enough, it's still a little short." Hearing the angry roar of the snake and scorpion blood from the center of the explosion, a wry smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

His current strength is only in the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. If he achieves Consummation, he will have a better chance of winning against the **** snake.

"There are actually some sequelae." His eyes were fixed on the center of the explosion. After a while, a strong sense of dizziness emerged, and Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning.

This time, he still used the fusion of the five holy flames in an upright manner, but he didn't actually kill the enemy, and now his body's fighting qi and soul power are nearly exhausted, it seems that this time, it is quite dangerous.

"I know you're not dead, get out!" Xiao Yan insisted on a strong posture, in order not to let the **** snakes and scorpions notice, the ancient ruler suddenly held in his hand, and sneered.

"I really underestimate you, I never thought that the most ordinary guy is the most terrifying one." The aftermath of the explosion slowly dissipated, and the **** snake and scorpion walked out gently, but beneath the contemptuous smile contained a monstrous killing intent!

The killing intent of the powerhouses in the later stage of the Eight Star Dou Xian, that level is definitely not something that Xiao Yan can resist today!

"Little chops!"

"Leave your life to my mother!" As soon as the voice fell, there were only four blood snakes left above the head of the snake and scorpion Xue'er, whistling and roaring, and immediately twisted their enchanting figure, facing Xiao with a blood demon-like posture of extreme evil. The flames roared.

"Four pieces..." Xiao Yan looked at the **** snake and scorpion roaring like a madman, and immediately smiled coldly, but he did not make any move, but his eyes slowly closed, and the ancient ruler in his hand flickered with a dazzling brilliance. It seems to be sensing something.

"Xiao Yan, step back!" Looking at this scene, Peerless Heavenly Emperor and Gu Yuan's hearts, drops of cold sweat involuntarily surfaced, the current killing intent and attacking power of the snake and scorpion blood'er is much more tyrannical than before.

"No Phase Slash!!!" Just when the red lips of the snake and scorpion blood were squirming and a sneer appeared, Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly opened, and a terrifying aura of silence filled the air, and then the ancient ruler in his hand lightened. Swipe it away lightly.

"What?" Snake and Scorpion Xue'er sensed a bad aura from Xiao Yan's extremely strange behavior, and immediately stayed in the air, her beautiful eyes watching the surroundings vigilantly.

"What power?" Peerless Heavenly Emperor and Gu Yuan looked at each other and muttered.

"Crack!" With a sound, a tide of invisible energy rushed towards the snake and scorpion blood without any sign, and suddenly there were four scarred blood snakes above its head, which suddenly squirmed. And go.

"Pfft!" The snake and scorpion Xue'er didn't react yet, and all of a sudden, mouthfuls of scarlet blood sprayed out from its attractive red lips, and after losing six and three lifeline blood snakes in a row, it passed out directly!

"Senior, grab her!" At this moment, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, obviously his strength was close to being overdrawn.

"Where to run!"

"Wind Prisoner!" The Peerless Heavenly Emperor had sharp eyesight, and with a big wave of his hand, dozens of cyan hurricanes surrounded the snake and scorpion blood, suppressing his body without a trace.

"Huhuhu." Watching the Peerless Heavenly Emperor finish all this, the ancient ruler fell heavily in Xiao Yan's hand, Xiao Yan was relieved and sat on the ground gasping for breath.

"Good boy, you have courage." Peerless Heavenly Emperor couldn't help but pat Xiao Yan's shoulder and laughed.

If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's help this time, I'm afraid it would be really dead.

"Senior, you're very polite." Seeing this, Xiao Yan scratched his head and smiled.

"The demon embryos in the ancient prison are becoming more and more terrifying, and the souls of countless ancient powerhouses are suppressed and sealed here. If the evil clan from outside the territory succeeds, I am afraid that our entire ancient clan will be severely damaged, or even be removed from the name, and a real The evil demons will also be born from this." Peerless Heavenly Emperor's eyes darkened and he said.

"But there seem to be some evil people in the center of the ancient clan, and there is also the residence of the ancient clan, I'm worried..." Gu Yuan's eyes also flashed with a rare worry, and it was obvious that he was now in a dilemma.

"Two seniors, in my opinion, we might as well enter the Holy Land first and find Xun'er to make a long-term plan." Xiao Yan also gave advice.

"Good way!" The three hit it off and couldn't help but say in surprise.

"Just this guy?" Looking at the seriously injured Serpent Blood, Peerless Heavenly Emperor worried, after all, this guy is a genuine Eight-Star Dou Xian late stage strength, even if he is seriously injured, if he blows himself up, the three of them will not be good. Fruit to eat.

"The ten blood snakes above her head are her lifeline. I killed nine of them. She should have been temporarily unconscious."

"Bring her in with the seal." Xiao Yan said after thinking for a while.

As one of the three giants of the ancient prison's evil shadow, Snake and Scorpion Xue'er could not complete the beheading with the current Xiao Yan and the three of them, and could not let her go back, so he could only resort to this, and maybe he could get some useful benefits from his mouth. information.

"Since now... let's go!" After the breath, the jade key flickered, and the snake and scorpion blood was suppressed by Xiao Yanli's three-layer-outer-three-layer restraint, even if he woke up, it would not be a climate.

"Xun'er, I'm here." Looking at the passage leading to the ancient holy land in front of him, Xiao Yan called out from his dry throat, and immediately poured into it!

At this point, the three of them headed towards the ancient sacred place with the blood of the snake and scorpion. As for the so-called Liu Hao, there is no such luck.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: