Chapter 620: The turbulent Xuanling royal family

"It's actually Xuanmu?" Xue Qiangwei just pushed the room away and suddenly saw Xuanmu appear in her residence, she was a little surprised!

As we all know, King Xuanling has many descendants, but the only outstanding ones are the eldest prince Xuan Ce, the second prince Xuan Wu, the third prince Xuan Mu, and the fourth prince Xuan Shan!

Although the eldest prince Xuan Ce is very low-key and has no secrets at all, but the blood rose is out of a woman's intuition, and feels that the eldest prince is not simple.

As for the second prince, Xuanwu, he was a martial idiot who was obsessed with cultivation all day long, and was indifferent to the struggles in the Xuanling royal family.

As for the fourth prince, he has a free and easy nature and loves to go out to practice. I don’t know why he was accepted as a disciple by the deputy head of the Wolf Eagle Legion, one of the three major legions of the Xuanling royal family, and he rarely intervenes in the court. affairs.

As for the third prince, Xuanmu, according to legend, this person is very scheming, and the relationship in the imperial court is also very large, but King Xuanling has never established the throne of the prince, and these three princes have no choice but to stand still.

"Miss Blood Rose is indeed naturally beautiful, and she truly lives up to her reputation when she sees it today." Xuanmu smiled slowly, and then walked towards Blood Rose.

As for Xuanmu, a muscular man stared viciously around him, obviously to protect Xuanmu.

"To be able to make a seven-star Dou Di strong follow him with him, the power behind this mysterious wood will probably only be bigger than that on the bright side." Xue Qiangwei secretly said in her heart.

"What kind of wind brought the third prince to me?" Blood Rose also twisted the waist of the water snake and walked slowly.

Although she sensed that this mysterious wood visitor was not good, her Blood Rose was not an unknown person either.

"There's something wrong with this person." Just as Blood Rose was three meters away from Xuanmu, the muscular man suddenly tightened his eyes and said.

I don't know why, but the muscular man actually smelled a very strange aura from Blood Rose.

"Retreat..." Xuanmu shouted when he heard the words, with unbelievable pressure in his voice.

"Hehe, why did the third prince come today?" Seeing this, Xue Qiangwei opened her mouth slightly, facing the muscular man, she was not afraid.

"I came today, firstly to witness the beauty of Miss Blood Rose, and secondly because of a secret that has been bothering me for a long time." Xuan Muyu said earnestly.

"I'm not interested in knowing any secrets, but the little girl Rong asked."

"The third prince knows to bring someone into someone else's mansion privately, but..." Blood Rose said casually, but the vigilance in her words was even more obvious!

"Xiu wants to talk nonsense!" The muscular man hurriedly said, trying to take the woman down.

"Miss Blood Rose is right, but I think as long as I show enough sincerity, I am afraid that Miss Blood Rose will not refuse." When the muscular man was about to start, Xuan Mu directly stopped him and looked at Blood Rose. road.

Even Xuanshan's scheming can smell an extremely dangerous fluctuation from this blood rose. Obviously, it is not because of her beautiful appearance that she can become the chief in this huge Xuanling Royal Family and Xuanling City auction.

"Then what if I say no?" Seeing that the muscular man had been targeting her, Xue Qiangwei spoke slightly with a bit of anger.

"Woman, don't be ignorant!" The muscular man who protected Xuanmu shouted, and the maid next to him hurriedly trembled with fright.

"Why don't we look at the sincerity first." Xuanmu said with a smile.

"Go down." Xue Qiangwei's eyes moved slightly, she thought for a while, and directly greeted all the maids beside her.

"What can you say now?" Blood Rose knew the strength of this muscular man and Xuanmu. If it wasn't for the ghost world's plan, I'm afraid that at this time, Blood Rose would have killed the two of them directly.

"Since there are no outsiders here, then I'll get straight to the point."

"Nowadays, the Xuanling Royal Family is worried about foreign troubles. My father has been missing for nearly five years. My uncle Qin Tian and the national teacher Wen Zi are responsible for everything in the court, but..."

"A country can't be without an owner for a day, so..." Xuanmu spoke slowly, and then the exquisite collection ring in his hand wriggled slightly, and a box of quite high quality jade slowly appeared in his hand.

"Haha, Qiangwei is just a girl, never intervening in the affairs of the court, and opening an auction is just to make a living."

"If the third prince is for this matter, please go back." Blood Rose didn't have any interest in raising interest in the box in Xuanmu's hand, and abruptly refused.

"Miss Qiangwei, don't be in such a hurry to refuse, I believe that you will definitely change your mind when you see this thing in my hand." A confident look appeared at the corner of Xuanmu's mouth, and then he smiled.

"I'm not interested." Xue Qiangwei shook her head, then walked around without looking back.

But Xue Qiangwei knew that everything that the Xuanling Emperor is currently doing is suppressed by Qin Tian and presided over by Wen Zi, so these princes are also eager.

Once they become the masters of a country, their status will rise!

"Prince, this woman is too arrogant, do you need me..." The muscular man next to Xuan Mu said in a low voice.

"You don't need to intervene, just watch." Xuanmu heard the words, and immediately opened the jade box on the palm of his hand.

"Pimple." With a sound, the jade box was slowly opened by Xuanmu, and then a fragrant scent slowly emanated from it.

"This is……"

"Xuanling Emperor Pond Liquid?" The next moment, the Blood Rose, who had not gone far, suddenly turned around, and then stared at the things on the jade box in Xuanmu's hand in amazement!

At this time, the palm of Xuanmu slowly lifted up, and the golden liquid in the jade box was flowing slowly. Although there were only a few small drops, with the shrewdness of Blood Rose, he could feel the huge essence from the small golden water droplets. Pure energy!

"It seems that Miss Blood Rose recognizes this thing..." Seeing this, Xuanmu couldn't help but smile. If it weren't for this Blood Rose representing the entire Xuanling Royal Family and the auction houses of all sizes in Xuanling City, Xuanmu would definitely not put the This thing was taken out. After all, this thing is extremely precious, and it can cultivate a lot of geniuses for a force!

"I didn't expect such a precious Xuanling Emperor Pond Liquid."

"With such a degree of purity, I am afraid that this thing alone has a nearly 70% confidence in transcending the Six-Star Dou Di Tribulation." Blood Rose slowly opened her mouth. Obviously, she, the chief auctioneer, has a knack for identifying treasures.

"How?"

"If Miss Blood Rose thinks it's okay this thing is yours." Xuanmu asked tentatively, and just after asking, the box in his hand suddenly closed.

"I promise you, I will help you at the critical moment. After all, we have a special status in the auction, so..." Blood Rose paused for a while, and stared at the jade box on the mysterious wooden body with a fiery aura in her eyes.

"Deal!" Seeing this, Xuanmu couldn't help but be overjoyed. Xuanmu didn't expect the auction to do its best to help him, as long as he could help him at a critical time, it would be enough.

"Hehe, then I wish us a happy cooperation."

"I have to leave beforehand." Xuanmu finished speaking, and left with the muscular man. As for the jade box in his hand, he stayed on the stone table above the pavilion.

Watching the two of Xuanmu go further and further, Blood Rose murmured and walked over to pick up the jade box, without a trace of fluctuation in her eyes: "If it wasn't for waiting for that plan, you would think that you are a mere Xuanling Emperor Pond Liquid. Can you seduce me?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After speaking, a dark red rune slowly beats at the place of the Blood Rose Jade Strength.

That rune looked rather sinister and gloomy, as if suppressing the power of the Blood Rose, it was extremely enchanting.

"Come on, let me go down and check the current situation of the Xuanmu and Xuanling royal family!" After Blood Rose finished speaking, the surrounding space started to squirm, and then closed.

"Next, just wait and watch the show." After Blood Rose finished speaking, she went straight to her own business.

Ask for tickets!