Chapter 331: Go to the Xuanling Royal Family!

"Cough, cough..." A few violent coughing sounds also came slowly. Obviously, the dispersal of the clone also caused a lot of influence on King Xuanling.

"I didn't expect this bamboo ember to survive the terrifying explosion, and its strength is so terrifying..."

"If I let this go on, it will inevitably become a big worry in my plan in the future..." Among the Xuanling royal family, in the most luxurious hall in the imperial city, a figure slowly opened his eyes, and then said .

At the entrance of the main hall, the three resplendent big characters of Jingluan Hall are also slowly hanging on it.

In the hall, it is also resplendent, and there are some steps in the hall, slowly moving towards a throne at the commanding heights of the hall.

At this moment on the throne, a man wearing expensive clothes slowly opened his eyes.

There were only two people in the hall at this time.

One person is King Xuanling sitting on the throne...

As for the other person, he was sitting beside the throne, quietly and silently, and then holding a Bingyu fan, his whole body revealed an air of elegance and wisdom, and at a glance, he knew that it must be the celebrity beside Xuanling King. , he looked at Xuanling King gently.

"King……"

"You have to pay attention to your body, such a long-distance avatar crossing is also extremely exhausting." The handsome man with a feather fan beside him also said slowly.

"I didn't expect that the invincible **** of war in the Burning Incense Pavilion, Zhu Jin didn't die. This is really beyond my expectations." King Xuanling also opened his eyes, then glanced at the figure next to him, and said.

There was obviously some reproach in his voice.

"How can it be!"

"That Zhu Jin is not dead?" The man beside Xuanling King heard the words, his pupils shrank, and what made him even more incredible was that the Xuanling King in front of him actually glared at him!

King Xuanling is now the ruler of the royal family of Xuanling, and Wen Zi also knows that although he is the confidant of King Xuanling, it is inevitable that King Xuanling has other thoughts.

After all, no matter what, the siege and suppression of the undefeated God of War, Zhu Jin, was planned by King Xuanling and controlled by Wen Zi!

I remember that a hundred years ago, King Xuanling was beaten by Zhu Jin and fled, so he was hated by King Xuanling, so he was encircled and suppressed a hundred years ago.

Even if King Xuanling didn't take part in the siege, he knew about the huge lineup!

A nine-star fighting emperor and two eight-star fighting emperors surrounded this bamboo ember!

At that time, Zhu Jin's strength was not even reached by the Eight-Star Dou Di. How could such a terrifying lineup fail?

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Moreover, King Xuanling was also quite depressed. The three who were dispatched at the beginning were members of their Xuanling royal family, and they have not returned until now.

"Wen Zi, you say, what should this matter be?" King Xuanling also looked at Wen Zi with a smile and said.

"By now……"

"This matter can only be pushed to Solomon."

"The top priority is Wang, your breakthrough in Dou Xian." Wen Zi also laughed, then walked to King Xuanling's side and whispered a few words to him.

"Is this true?" King Xuanling's scolding expression just now disappeared after Wen Zi's whisper!

At this time, there was also an extremely fiery wave in King Xuanling's pupils.

"Then send an order to Solomon and ask them to send someone to encircle and suppress this bamboo ember. Otherwise, this burning incense pavilion will have this bamboo ember in charge. When the sect competition comes, their plans for Solomon and the ghost world will not be realized..."

"In addition, it is said that this Zhu Jin only has the strength to just set foot on the Nine Star Dou Emperor." King Xuanling also smiled slowly.

"The snipe and the clam compete for the fisherman's profit."

"My King Gaoming." Wen Zi also smiled slowly, and then retreated.

"The power of holy flame..."

"The power of the nine-colored swallowing python..."

"It's all mine..." King Xuanling also said slowly.

In the Burning Incense Pavilion, Lao Zhu ended the battle with King Xuanling's clone, and took Xiao Yan and the three to the Xuanling Royal Family. Although most of the Xuantian Sansan area was forbidden, with Zhu Lao's strength and status, naturally also use the space channel, which is also a good solution to this problem.

Inside the space tunnel, Xiao Yan and the others didn't say much, because they all found out that this old Zhu had just been thinking about something since he fought against the clone of King Xuanling.

Outside the Burning Heaven Territory, a rather delicate-looking girl slowly appeared.

"what……"

"Isn't this the breath of Old Bamboo..."

"Why haven't we met..."

"Secretly went to find that Xiao Yan who had obtained the tenth rank Dou Emperor..."

"Can't find it!"

"I just happened to encounter such a fierce battle, and I missed it!" The girl also complained, looking at the space outside the Burning Heaven Territory and said.

"Hehe, you girl, the sect competition is imminent, so don't hurry up and cultivate..."

"I know I'm playful." A loving voice also slowly appeared outside the Burning Heaven Territory. There was no reproach in the voice, but only slow love.

"Daddy, just let me go out and play."

"Staying in this Burning Incense Pavilion every day makes me suffocated." After the girl finished speaking, she also rolled up the man's sleeves with both hands, and her big watery eyes were full of coquettish taste.

"Hehe, I will let you out, but not now."

"Wait until Elder Zhu brings the three of them back and cultivate for a while, and the competition within the sect is over." The man also spoke slowly.

"It's a promise!" The girl was also extremely happy, and the next moment she returned to the Burning Incense Pavilion and disappeared without a trace.

"Hey, it's really not a good girl to stay..." The man is actually Liu Ping, the deputy head of the Tiandian Temple Hehe, I really envy you for having such a daughter. "Mu Xuzi also appeared slowly, and then glanced at the delicate girl who disappeared without a trace.

"What's there to be envious of?"

"This girl knows that she is playful all day long. If it weren't for play, her current strength would have reached that level..." Liu Ping, the deputy head of the Tiandian Temple, was also furious, but Mu Xuzi also knew that this was just a father. of sternness.

"The outside world is not very peaceful."

"When this girl goes out with this kind of temperament, she is also terrified..." Mu Xuzi also shook his head worriedly.

"Indeed, the outside world is no better than our Burning Incense Pavilion. In the Burning Incense Pavilion, she is a well-deserved little princess and has many brothers and sisters to help her, but if she goes out..."

"I don't know if she can stand this slump." At this moment, Liu Ping still had a bit of majesty as a strong man, and some of it was just a father's worry about his daughter.

"But you can rest assured. After staying for a long time, things in the sect have been resolved. Let the people in the three halls go out together, so that we can take care of them." Mu Xuzi also said slowly.

"Your Human Palace seems to have found a treasure this time."

"Xiao Yan, this guy is actually favored by Elder Zhu." The Palace Master of the Heavenly Palace also spoke slowly.

Hearing this, Mu Xuzi also laughed slowly, and then he didn't say much, looking at the sky outside the Burning Incense Pavilion.

Ask for tickets!