Chapter Vol 4 2178: A gift from the Dragon King!

"It feels so warm."

Covered by cyan flames, Xiao Yan felt an indescribable comfort permeating his limbs, and even his soul was greatly nourished.

This kind of pure power is unheard of!

"Burning the first realm, burning the foundation!"

"Peding the wheel!"

The magnificent voice came from the depths of the body. The voice just appeared. The old Zen master and the beautiful man beside him tensed and trembled, and then they knelt down directly. any disobedience.

At this moment, Xiao Yan finally realized that the first level of Fen Jue that he had cultivated in the past was just a skin.

That long-lost sense of power made Xiao Yan feel for the first time that Fen Jue's power was enough to surpass the entire world!

"Whoa!"

After the cyan flame repaired and nourished Xiao Yan's body, the power suddenly tumbled, and instantly transformed into countless hot boiling liquids, wrapping Xiao Yan's body!

"Ah ah ah!"

The terrifying high temperature and incomparably hot water soaked Xiao Yan tightly, Xiao Yan's face instantly turned pale, and his skin immediately turned red, as if he would be completely invaded by this water at any time and burst open.

"But... Damn it!"

Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and endured this terrifying torture that went deep into the bone marrow.

This cyan flame is not a flame, but a very special energy, which has a fatal attraction to Fen Jue. It seemed to be a gift to Xiao Yan just now. It repaired and nourished Xiao Yan's body, and it instantly turned into a boil. The high temperature water is cooking Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan's body has already cultivated the Dragon God Transformation, and his body is much more tyrannical than ordinary people. Even the reincarnation powerhouse can't compare to Xiao Yan, but today's Xiao Yan is actually suffering from the boiling of those waters. !

That kind of pain is not only on the body, but also from the forging of the soul!

However, after experiencing this kind of torment that was different from ordinary people, the power in Xiao Yan's body, including Fen Jue, became mysterious, and the ancient aura filled the depths of Xiao Yan's mind.

That is one of the real six realms of Fen Jue!

"Master..."

Seeing Xiao Yan's painful expression, the handsome man was also a little worried, for fear that Xiao Yan would not be able to withstand this level of power.

"This is his own way..."

"And this is our last chance. If he fails, these dark parasites will wake up completely. At that time, Baxia's body will be corroded, and this world will face a crisis."

"As for us, we can't escape bad luck."

The old Zen master couldn't do anything at this time, he could only wait quietly, so he folded his hands together, the Zen beads quickly turned, and the sound of ancient and peaceful Buddhist scriptures permeated the air, alleviating Xiao Yan's pain.

"water……"

"fire……"

"Thunder……"

"Wood……"

Xiao Yan's body was riddled with holes and surrounded by four kinds of energies, but in the face of the various torments and tests produced by the blue flames, Xiao Yan did not take a step back, gritted his teeth, and fought against it step by step.

That kind of perseverance and perseverance made the Zen master full of praise.

"Pfft!"

With a sound, under the torment of these four forces, there were bursts of muffled thunder and low-pitched shouts in Xiao Yan's body. It seemed that the torture test had come to an end, and Xiao Yan vaguely felt that there was a little more Fen Jue and Sheng Yan in his body. connect.

This connection is a sign that the fire of holy flame is pushed to the limit!

"Hahaha!"

"Success!"

Xiao Yan's crazy voice came out, and immediately above Xiao Yan's body, there was a terrifying aura that the world was in awe of!

It seems that Xiao Yan's punches and kicks at this time have some kind of sky-shattering power!

Terrifying, terrifying!

"Since it's successful, let's go."

The old Zen master took up his Zen staff and said with a smile.

"Lang'er, go back."

"In the future, this sect will be handed over to you."

When the voice fell, the Zen master waved his hand and sent the handsome man out. As for whether he could use this to realize some power of domination, that was his good fortune.

"Master, please."

Xiao Yan took back his breath, and Fen Jue was ready at any time.

"go!"

The Zen staff waved, with a heavy emphasis, and suddenly the golden buddhas around the body enveloped the two bodies, and the two bodies surged at the same time, directly swept into the depths of Baxia's body!

Inside there is a dense gathering of dark parasites, and it is the place where the Demon Venerable who endangers the corroded tyrant's lower body is stationed!

With Xiao Yan releasing such a huge movement, many of the evil creatures here also slowly woke up, and a heavy breath rushed towards his face.

Sneaking into Ba Xia's body, here is a scene of a circular enchantment that was suppressed and sealed, a dark realm that spans thousands of meters. The eerie and eerie aura makes the core of the battle surging in the body, and the chill quietly emerges in the heart.

The dark realm is incomparably vast, and the dark currents are surging everywhere, swallowing up the void, making the place extremely illusory and distorted, and even a faint humming sound, which makes the soul shrink unconsciously and is terrified.

"This is the inside of Baxia's body, and it is also the gathering place of countless evil forces."

"We only have one chance. If we win, everyone will be happy."

"If you lose, you will be buried in the belly of the fish together."

In the old eyes of the Zen master, golden light of Buddhist scriptures flickered, and the endless splendor bloomed, which was awe-inspiring.

"Yep."

Xiao Yan nodded, all the power in the body was so serious for the first time, even before, there was no such oppression in the face of angels.

Standing in the dark realm, Xiao Yan could feel the evil creatures all around, which were composed of countless evil parasites. They were quietly crawling and crawling, like ants, gnawing at the lower body of the tyrant all the time.

Even how tyrannical the lower body is, in this endless years will one day be completely eaten and broken.

The body and origin of the Dragon King are indispensable, otherwise he would be as tyrannical as the Golden Dragon King, and he would not have chosen to live in Xiao Yan's body in the first place.

He looked up, stared at the void above, and lowered the head of his body.

The void there has been extremely corroded, and has become distorted, and at this moment there is the most viscous black parasite lurking.

The black altar of hundreds of meters is looming, and there are several steps above the altar. Above the steps, there is a slightly raised blood-colored throne, which touches all the power in Xiao Yan!

On the Scarlet Throne, a chain of cyan chains locks a... Scarlet windbreaker sitting quietly on the throne?

When Xiao Yan stared at the blood-colored windbreaker on the throne, a terrifying aura that became blurred with flesh and blood emerged.

"That's the Demon Venerable."

"A well-known character among the evil tribes outside the territory."

"Red King Order, Blood Clothed Centipede Marquis!"

The Zen master opened his mouth, his voice indifferent but full of deep fear.

When his eyes looked at the windbreaker on the blood-colored throne, there was an extremely heavy touch.

That kind of breath is unparalleled in the world, and the world under this sea of ​​ten thousand feet can only tremble for it!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: