Chapter Vol 4 1113: conflict

In three days, two days passed in a blink of an eye.

In the past two days, in the originally quiet Ghost King Ridge, many strong people emerged. Obviously, their purpose was to come for the Ghost Moon Well.

"Hey hey hey, have you heard of it?"

"It is said that the members of the three Qingyu and Lei families in the ghost king city have arrived, and there is a good show to watch." Some idle figures on the back of a rock couldn't help but discuss.

"The Lei family is the weakest, and although the Qing family is stronger than the Lei family, the Qing family is the Yu family's deadly rival. It seems that this time Guiyuejing has a good show..." Some figures on the back of the rock said.

"Your news is out of date."

"According to the information I got, this time, the Qing family sent their young master and eldest young lady to come to Guiyuejing, I'm afraid they want to use Guiyuejing's mystery to break through Dou Di."

"But how could the people of the Yu family let them get their wish? The Yu family directly sent Yu Quan, the steward of the Yu family, to stop it."

"I'm afraid this time, it will be quite exciting." Dozens of figures spoke back and forth.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, are you up yet?" And where the Qing family was in charge of the camp, Qing Wen stood outside the tent quite politely and asked.

"Brother Qing, early." Xiao Wenyan came out to greet him.

"Let's go."

"Tomorrow morning will be a rare full moon night. Today, we must pass the level of Qingniu Tianmu." After a while, Qingwen said.

"Let's go then." Xiao Yan also glanced around and said immediately after hearing this.

"That's right, young master."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's been a few days, and the guards who are in charge of going back to deliver the news haven't heard anything yet. This..." One of the two guards couldn't help asking.

"It should be something went wrong on the way."

"Let's go first." After Qing Wen said that, she and Qing'er prepared to walk.

"What about the two subordinates of the Yu family?" The next moment, the two subordinates of the Qing family were asking.

"Kacha." Facing this question, Qing Wenwen's smile slowly showed a rather serious expression, and then he gestured directly at his throat.

"En." Seeing this, the two Qing family guards looked at each other, and then walked towards the back of the tent. Obviously, there is Miss Qing'er here, which is not suitable for too bloody.

"Let's go, little brother Xiao Yan." After finishing all this, Qing Wen sent an invitation.

"Don't rush to leave, I think we might have to delay a little time here." Xiao Yan smiled slowly when he heard the words, and his eyes were also fixed on the tent where the two Qing force guards just went.

"Do you have anything else to do?" Qing'er stuck her head slightly and said something.

"Resolve some pests." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his figure suddenly disappeared, and then behind the tent, a wind sounded.

"Are you all alright?" After defeating the terrorist attack with one blow, Xiao Yan asked the two guards of the Qing family.

"No...it's okay..."

"Thank you Xiao Shaoxia!" When the two Qing family guards saw this, they couldn't help but cast grateful glances at Xiao Yan.

The two subordinates of the Yu family have been knocked unconscious and placed behind the tent. The two of them came, naturally wanting to kill him, but who thought that just when they came here, a silent attack suddenly attacked the two of them. If Xiao Yan hadn't appeared in time, they would have been seriously injured if they didn't die.

"Haha, when did the Qing family accept such a keenly perceptive powerhouse?" Seeing that his attack failed, he did not complete the damage, and a voice with a little surprise slowly came out from the air.

"Yu Family Yuquan?" Qing Wen and Qing'er just saw Xiao Yan's figure, and immediately knew that something was wrong, but after seeing the figure of the man wearing the feather robe in the sky, their faces became ugly. stand up.

"The young master and the eldest lady of the Qing family."

"I haven't seen you for a long time, the eldest lady is really getting better and better as she grows." Yu Quan's figure just appeared, and he immediately smiled at Qing'er. Although there was no ordinary person's frivolity in the smile, it was full of killing intent.

"Xiao Yan, hurry up, this guy is a true fighting immortal powerhouse, and he is not on the same level as the half-hearted half-immortal before." Seeing Yu Quan appearing, Qing'er's willow brows slanted and said to Xiao, There was urgency in the voice.

"A real Fighting Immortal..." And Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering as he looked at Yu Quan who was slowly descending.

"This guy is really strong. It doesn't look like he has just been promoted to Dou Xian... But I just swallowed the holy flame and merged the power of two holy flames. I also want to try my limit." And Xiao Yan Feeling the invisible pressure emanating from Yu Quan's body, not only did he not have any fear, but he even had a hint of joy.

The previous half-immortal strength was simply not enough to practice on his own, so Xiao Yan didn't know where his limits were at this moment.

However, according to Xiao Yan's guess, although he is only at the peak of Dou Di, with the power of the two holy flames, it is not a problem to deal with some powerhouses in the early stage of one-star Dou Xian, and even some middle-stage powerhouses in Dou Xian are not at all. fear.

Nai He had dealt with the strength of the Banxian before, and the opponent died before he could fight, which made Xiao Yan quite depressed.

"Boy, these two are members of my Yu family, hand them over." Yu Quan couldn't help saying looking at the two figures who were unconscious on the ground.

Because even if he is strong enough to be in the middle stage of One Star Dou Xian, when facing this kid whose strength is only at the peak of Dou Di, there will be an aura of fear. This is an unprecedented thing, so Yu Quan did not show himself. Domineering attitude.

"These two are vainly trying to belittle our elder sister Qing. As a bodyguard, I should naturally arrest them As for the fate of these two, how to execute them is entirely up to our elder sister."

"But if you really want to go back, it's not impossible." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Three medicinal pills of the third rank of the emperor." Xiao Yan stretched out three fingers, then looked at Yu Quan with a smile on his face and said.

"Boy, it looks like you haven't died before..."

"This time, let me teach you how to respect the strong!" When Yu Quan heard the words, he was furious, and a terrifying blue-colored fighting spirit burst out from his body, surrounding the entire venue. .

"Whoosh whoosh!" The blue-colored Dou Qi contained terrifying power, which directly caused Xiao Yan's body to vibrate the force of life and death slightly.

"Is the power of the Wind Attribute Fighting Immortal..."

"However, this is the best way!" After Xiao Yan felt Yu Quan's attributes, he laughed and prepared to fight. After all, the provocation just now was only to force Yu Quan to take action.

"You and Xiao Yan go first, and I will take care of the rest!"

"Let's go!" Seeing Yu Quan's fighting spirit, Qing Wen frowned, jumped directly into the battle circle, pulled Xiao Yan's figure away, and said something softly.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, take good care of my little sister for me!" After Qing Wen finished speaking, she looked at the young Yu Quan with a frozen expression.

"You go out, this guy, I can handle it." And Xiao Yan saw Qing Wen's actions, no doubt his heart warmed, but a force of life and death directly sent him out of the battle circle. After all, although Qing Wen has a very real temperament , but you can't ruin your own good.