Chapter 596: Queen Medusa is out!

Not far from the place where Xiao Yan and the Gorefiend energy clones fought, the Temple of Medusa.

The temple is filled with the smell of ancient silence, as if everything contains a very solemn murderous intent!

"What's going on, why can't we get out of the Temple of Medusa?" The silent passage was filled with a terrifying smell of sand, and then he snorted coldly, and the figure with an extremely ugly face was the first to speak to break the silence.

Isn't it the one who spoke the current King Xuanling of the Xuanling royal family?

"Don't worry." Ye Mo said directly.

"There are too many secrets in this Medusa Temple. We have been here for a long time, but we haven't found anything suspicious. I suggest that we go back first and have a long-term plan!" Xuan Ming on the side retreated.

It's no wonder Xuan Ming has such an idea. After all, in this Medusa Temple, the three of them saw nothing but thousands of skeletons!

Entering here for a long time, I walked back and forth here, and I never found any secrets, which made King Xuanling and several others stumped.

"Absurd!"

"We've already reached this stage, how can you retreat so easily?" King Xuanling was shocked, and said coldly to Xuan Ming.

"In my opinion, since we entered this Medusa Temple, we have been circling for too long, and we have been circling here. I am afraid that we have been here for several years..." As we walked along the way, Ye Mo He kept looking at the mysterious stones full of serpentine characters around him, and said deeply.

"How many years?" King Xuanling, who was still a little persistent, immediately weakened when he heard the words.

Because King Xuanling knew that although he wanted to use the power of the seven-colored swallowing python's blood to devour the holy flame in the underground palace, it has been so long since he came to this Medusa temple, let alone the colorful swallowing python. I haven't even seen a Medusa, it's extremely weird.

After all, King Xuanling has to deal with all kinds of problems, so if he is stuck here for a long time, it is obviously not a wise choice!

"And I can feel that a very tyrannical prohibition has been placed in this Medusa Temple. I am afraid that the non-fighting immortals will not be defeated." Before the Xuanling King could speak, Ye Mo said solemnly.

The three of them have been around this Medusa Temple for dozens of times since the war, but no matter how they used their skills, they could not escape or find any clues, so that the three of them delayed. Trapped here!

"Wait, this Medusa statue doesn't seem right?" King Xuanling immediately understood the seriousness of the matter and stared carefully at the lifelike Medusa statue in front of him. A strange feeling emerged from the bottom of his heart.

That feeling seems to be an ancient alien beast, from which terrifying pressure radiates.

"King Xuanling?" Xuan Ming asked tentatively.

"I think I know why we've been standing still."

"The problem should come from this statue." King Xuanling patted Xuan Ming on the shoulder, and his heart became slightly hot!

"Statue?" Ye Mo and Xuan Ming heard the words and looked at the statue of Medusa standing quietly in front of them!

It has extremely terrifying deep-colored pupils. As for the hair, it is like a wavy curl. The graceful curves all over the body, even if it is a statue, it exudes a natural enchanting color!

"These eyes...it seems a little weird." King Xuanling's body shook, and then the power of dazzling flames suddenly condensed on the palm of his hand!

"Go!" The power of flame just came into contact with the standing statue of the Medusa family, and suddenly disappeared like moths to the flames.

At that time, King Xuanling was also at a loss.

It's just that the Xuanling King and the others didn't find out. As he came out like this, there was a sudden flash of change on the Medusa statue, as if something inside had awakened.

"Captain, this place is really mysterious."

"Apart from finding some gold and silver jewelry, we haven't seen anything else. How can this be?" Opposite the place where the Xuanling King and the others disappeared, a few hungry people from the Blood Blade Mercenary Group slowly appeared. .

"It's really weird here. It's been a long time since we've been in here, but no matter how we move forward, we'll just stay where we are in the end..." The scarred man stared at the strange space of the Medusa Temple and said.

"Originally, we entered this Medusa Temple just to restrain our wealth..." Tang Tang said slightly, but his pupils were flashing with some strange light.

"Captain, although you are right, being able to enter this Medusa temple, whether it is the scales or the blood of the Medusa family, is something of infinite value..."

"If we can get a drop by luck, then we will be successful in the future." The scarred man smiled, but his heart was extremely greedy.

"I wonder what happened to the little guys with us?"

"I always feel that they are not easy, and the alchemist named Xiao Yan is the most dangerous." Tang Tang shook his head and said.

"However, the Medusa Temple is far from being as peaceful as we imagined. It is also to prevent the treasures of the Medusa family from being taken away by outsiders..."

"But why does it make me feel a chilling feeling?" Tang Tang wondered, because I don't know why, every time Tang Tang probed the depths of this Medusa Temple, there was an extremely terrifying depth there. The power surged out in an instant!

That power, like an extremely powerful force that wipes out everything, is eerie and cold!

The space in the Temple of Medusa, here, is a rather mysterious scene.

A huge sky-swallowing python slowly swam. Above its body, the faint power of ten colors was extremely terrifying, and then it looked at the figure above the sky.

"I didn't expect that we all succeeded..." Shicai Tiantian Python stared at the terrifying power above Qianying, and suddenly let out a sigh.

"I'm about to wake up..." The next moment, Shicai Tiantian Python saw the power of Shicai burst out above the shadow, adding a lot of color to this space!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying power of ten colors spread throughout the entire space, and then the shadow stretched her waist slightly, and her demonic pupils exuded deadly power.

"Xiao Shi, go, I can sense his breath, he is in danger!" Qian Ying just opened her bewitching pupils, and suddenly a monstrous force burst out and then slowly came out Voice!

There was a hint of urgency in that ruthless Qian Ying's voice!

"Hehe, Xiao Yan, I never imagined that the Queen's ruthless personality was influenced by you..." After Shicai Swallowing Python finished speaking, she instantly caught up with Ma Qianying!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Forget it, take these things and go quickly."

"I always feel that there is something to discover." Tang Tang did not hesitate, took some gold and silver treasures, and then went to the Medusa Temple, where it seemed to be the exit of the Medusa Temple!

"Hey, there seems to be something on the statue of Medusa?" Xuan Ming suddenly found something and was shocked!

"Where is Xiao Yan!" With a cold snort, a force of ten colors that the world surrendered to him instantly emerged.

Immediately above Qianying, a terrorist attack containing the power of ten colors kicked out directly, attacking Xuan Ming!

Seeing this, Xuan Ming, who was still in shock, saw the fighting qi in his body pushed to the extreme, but found that he could not resist the attack no matter what, as if the fighting qi in his body had solidified in front of this power!

Immediately, Qian Ying was kicked out of the Temple of Medusa!

"Colorful Sky Swallowing Python?" At the next moment, the pupils of King Xuanling, who had just retreated, shrank tightly, only in front of him, a figure wrapped in the power of ten colors slowly appeared, and the ruthless aura around him An exhibition without a doubt!

ask for a ticket