Chapter Vol 4 1399: Du Tianhong at his peak!

"Oh……"

"Dou Tianhong...Are you frightened and confused?" Huo Sin Envoy sneered when he noticed Duo Tianhong who was being restrained in front of him.

They don't know Duo Tianhong's specific strength, but his strength is also difficult to find among the five-star fighting immortals, but he is restrained by the origin of the burning soul clan king in his body, and he is sealed by the soul, so this guy's strength is in Strong, but also useless.

"This guy... is dying." Hun Qianmo also sneered, not taking Du Tianhong in the slightest.

"What the **** is going on here?" The eight minds on the side looked at Du Tianhong, who was bound to death, and couldn't help but wonder.

"Since everyone has arrived... then I don't need to cover up."

"This farce... it's time to end." After a while, Duo Tianhong in the sky suddenly laughed slowly, and an extremely tyrannical wave suddenly appeared.

"This is..." Although Huo Sin Envoy and Hun Qianmo were extremely confident in their strength, at this moment, their eyes kept beating, and something was wrong.

"Do you really think... my Dongzhou is a place that anyone can trample on?"

"Do you really think that when you sent people to mix into Dongzhou, we didn't notice it in Thunder Valley?"

"Do you really think that you are the traitors you arranged in the Thunder Valley of My Blade Forging, don't we know?" A sneer, slowly emerged from Du Tianhong's mouth.

"not good!"

"He's about to break free of the seal!"

"Hun Qianmo, look at what you've done!" Huo Sin Envoy shouted angrily, his voice full of urgency.

"Weng hum!" With the sudden change of the black mist in the sky, the blood-colored chains that bound Du Tianhong, as if withered, easily turned into bursts of powder and dissipated in the sky. His hair turned silver in an instant, and on his body, pieces of silver thunder appeared, and then under the watchful eyes of everyone, they merged into their skin, forming silver armor and silver-gold cloaks!

Above the silver armor and silver-gold cloak, a flash of thunder slowly appeared, forming a series of extremely obscure and ancient runes. Under this terrifying blessing, Duo Tianhong's strength was undoubtedly magnified several times!

"Retreat!" Seeing this, the Huo Sin Envoy suddenly shouted, and then fled together without turning back, and many evil cultists shot directly at the outside.

"Weng Om!" The escape route in all directions, but just after leaving dozens of meters, crashed into invisible thunder energy barriers, and even some criminal guards who were only two-star Dou Xian were directly destroyed. above the energy barrier.

"Damn!"

"I've hit it!" Huo Sin Envoy couldn't help but snorted coldly.

"Next, let's count the old and new hatreds over the years." Duo Tianhong, like a thunder emperor, narrowed his eyes slightly, and a dangerous aura filled the entire sky!

Countless thunders filled the sky above Leicheng in an instant. It seemed that because Duo Tianhong displayed his absolute dominance, countless thunders were calling and cheering, as if celebrating their king...returning!

"Go!"

"Kill him for me!" Huo Sin Envoy snorted coldly and said to many criminal guards in the dark cloud.

"Guzhu, these little ones, leave them to us." Seeing this, the other eight strong men gathered around them one after another.

"I'm afraid this is the real duel..." Xiao Yan was also rescued by Tan Chen and took him aside, and then he squinted slightly at the shocking battle in the sky.

"Knife-forging Thunder Valley Master, it's really a brilliant method." Hun Qianmo's expression changed, and he looked at Du Tianhong with resentment.

Originally, all these victories were in their hands. Their Soul Palace cooperated with Sin, and Sin collected Du Tianhong and the controller of Shengyan that they needed. As for all the remaining creatures in Dongzhou, Sin was responsible for killing and the soul body belonged to Soul Palace. A perfect deal... But who would have thought that all this was actually Duo Tianhong's plan!

"Your plan is very good, deceived my men and all our eyeliners."

"Duan Tianhong's name really deserves to be a strong man who has hunted and killed the Burning Soul Clan." The Huo Sin Envoy on the side also shook his head slightly, his eyes fixed on the Thunder Emperor-like Duo Tianhong.

"Each each other..."

"Next, there is an important part." Duan Tianhong said slightly, unmoved.

"Your plan is perfect...but you forgot one thing, relying on one person to deal with two five-star fighting immortals..."

"This will be your plan, the real dead end!"

"As long as the two of us defeat you, the difficulty of this Eastern Continent will still fall completely." Hun Qianmo smiled gloomily.

"very smart……"

"So... who is stronger or weaker, now is the final battle, let's do it!" Duo Tianhong didn't seem to have any fear, he hummed suddenly, and the power of thunder suddenly emerged.

"Huo Gui Shi, start and kill him together, otherwise we will both explain it here today!" Hun Qianmo gave a strange smile.

"Crash!" As soon as the voice fell, the three figures suddenly flew into the sky, rising to an altitude of tens of thousands of meters. After all, the battle of the five-star fighting immortal powerhouse is far from comparable to ordinary powerhouses.

"Soul!" A strange roar suddenly emerged from Soul Qianmo's black robe, eerie and eerie, making people shudder.

"Sea of ​​Fire!" And Huo Sin Envoy also frowned, and his whole body burst out in an instant.

"Lei Lai!" Duan Tianhong, as the overlord of Dongzhou, was completely in control of the entire Leicheng at this time, and he had a panoramic view of every move. He called out slowly, and the Lei Di scepter also burst out in an instant, with a Stocks of silver thunder appeared suddenly, and even above the silver thunder, there were countless mysterious fluctuations. No one had ever seen this level of thunder power before.

"This guy... Sure enough, he left his hand." Seeing Duan Tianhong's move, Hun Qianmo said coldly.

"Blood Soul Guard!" A loud shout suddenly sounded, and then in the height of tens of thousands of meters, the space and airflow trembled slightly, and the gloomy power and strange roar of Soul Qianmo gathered a little space in an instantAt that time, a shocking blood shadow with a size of 100 zhang slowly appeared.

"Hoohoho!" The blood-colored giant shadow, like a demon giant, is full of small soul fluctuations and destructive power on its strong and powerful limbs. It seems to have the power to collapse a mountain. Above, it's terrifying.

"A soul creature based on the power of the soul..." Xiao Yan's huge soul power is closely watching this battle, because a battle of this level will naturally benefit him a lot!

"Blood Soul Guard, attack!" Looking at the evil giant behind him, Soul Qianmo sneered, his eyes fixed on Du Tianhong!

"Sea of ​​Fire!" The Fire Emissary didn't stop either. The dazzling flame suddenly filled the entire space, and it was filled with an extremely terrifying fluctuation. However, Xiao Yan noticed that the flame on the Fire Emissary was far from Ordinary flames seem to be among the heavenly species.

"Boom!" Huo Sin Envoy in the early stage of Five-Star Fighting Immortal and Soul Qianmo in the middle stage of Five-Star Fighting Immortal fought against Dongzhou's overlord Duo Tianhong. The real battle started slowly.

. Mobile version update fastest URL: