Chapter 689: 3-tailed demon fox

"The spirit of Luoling Mountain, after so many years, it's time to change positions." After a long time, the three-tailed demon fox spoke first.

"You look like this, and you will eventually be destroyed." The spirit of Luoling Mountain seemed to have a premonition, and then shook his head.

"Destruction or rebirth, it's not up to you to decide." The three-tailed demon fox said.

"There seems to be something in your body." The Spirit of Luoling Mountain didn't say much, and said directly.

"This thing..." The three-tailed demon fox is worthy of being a powerful half-human half-beast, showing a hideous smile, and then under the pure white fluff on his body, he grabbed it suddenly, and a blood-red bead embedded in the flesh and blood slowly appeared. in front of the crowd.

"This is……"

"Life-devouring Pearl?" The next moment, the eyes of the two great dead, including the Five Elements Beast, and the Spirit of the Fallen Mountain showed an unbelievable look!

"Is this guy crazy?" The Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast said in shock.

For this life-devouring bead, the giant beast has heard of it for a long time. It is said that this is an extremely evil fighting skill. When it is cultivated, it will form a blood-red bead in the body. The bead mainly absorbs blood essence and magic core. If the supply of blood essence and demon core is interrupted halfway, I am afraid that it will be killed in an instant!

"What is that?" Mu Yingying on the side glanced at the strange-looking Spirit of the Fallen Mountain in the sky. From her eyes, Mu Yingying seemed to see some concerns.

And somewhere behind the three-tailed demon fox, the pure white fluff was ripped off abruptly, where, in the flesh, an extremely evil life-devouring bead slowly flickered.

"That's a fighting skill." Qin Xin, who had extensive experience, spoke directly.

"Those fighting skills are some indiscriminate methods. These fighting skills are mainly to devour other people's lives to increase one's own self. It is forbidden in our Xuansan three days." Qin Xin said slightly when she saw this.

"Something is coming here!" The next moment, Mu Yingying's expression suddenly became vigilant, her eyes fixed on the bottom of the boundless mountains they had walked before.

"Hoohoo!"

"Hoohoo!"

"嘁偁嘁!" Countless noisy voices cluttered together, forming an extremely shocking look!

But one thing is certain, the eyes of these dead beasts are all flickering with blood red!

It was as if he had lost his autonomy and was being controlled by others!

"Dead beasts, they haven't returned yet!" In the sky, the three-tailed demon fox raised his arms to the entire Luoling Mountain, and suddenly some powerful dead beasts continued to flash around.

"Three-armed ape!"

"Green Bamboo Snake!"

"Earth Tiger!" A familiar name kept ringing from Xiao Yan's mouth!

"You don't even spare the dead beasts in Luoling Mountain, beast!" The spirit of Luoling Mountain couldn't help but curse.

All the dead beasts in Luoling Mountain are similar to the children of the spirit of Luoling Mountain. Now that so many dead beasts are controlled by the three-tailed demon fox, the spirit of Luoling Mountain will inevitably get angry!

"I'm helping them!"

"Hahaha!" The three-tailed demon fox suddenly laughed, and the laughter was extremely crazy.

"Go to hell!" The Spirit of Luoling Mountain let out a snarl, and immediately raised his palm without hesitation. A terrifying light beam containing the power of life and death appeared directly in his hand, and then suddenly attacked the three-tailed demon fox!

"That's too late!"

"Stop her for me!" The three-tailed demon fox shouted loudly, and then spoke directly!

"Huhu!" As soon as the three-tailed demon fox's voice fell, the blood-red beads on the back of the three-tailed demon fox flashed a strangely powerful blood light, and countless dead beasts became stronger under the light of this blood light!

"Boom boom boom!" The attack of the spirit of Luoling Mountain was just about to hit the three-tailed demon fox, but unexpectedly, it was instantly stopped by many dead beasts!

"Bang bang bang!" As if not afraid of death, many powerful dead beasts rushed towards the terrifying power of life and death of the Spirit of Luoling Mountain, and immediately turned into a blood mist under that terrifying power!

With this kind of consumption, the power of life and death also became thinner, and even when the last three-tailed demon fox was around, the three-tailed demon fox blew away in one breath!

"Return!" After doing all this, the three-tailed demon fox was still not satisfied, and immediately said.

"Boom boom boom!" With the opening of the three-tailed demon fox, the blood beads swelled a lot, and then the dead beasts seemed to be enchanted, and they were directly projected at the blood beads!

"You can't let this guy succeed, otherwise the entire Luoling Mountain will be a dead beast!" Both the Heavenly Eyed Beast and the Five Elements Beast looked at each other, and immediately understood the importance of the matter.

"Broken!" The two immediately displayed extremely powerful means, instantly suppressing the spirit of Luoling Mountain!

The next moment, the huge bodies of the two directly rose into the sky and attacked the three-tailed demon fox!

"I am the spirit of Luoling Mountain. I pray to you all."

"Destroy!" Luo Lingshan closed his eyes and rested, a dazzling white halo appeared on his body, and then opened his mouth.

"How could it be useless?" After a few breaths, the surrounding scene remained the same as before, and then the spirit of Luoling Mountain showed a hint of panic.

"Hahaha!"

"Spirit of Luoling Mountain, this time you miscalculated."

"Because all the dead beasts in Luoling Mountain have been manipulated by me!"

"Then you can wait and see my prosperous world." After the three-tailed demon fox finished speaking, a dazzling and powerful light shield was instantly displayed. Obviously, the three-tailed demon fox was also afraid of the sudden alliance of these guys.

"Boom boom boom!" Countless dead beasts in all directions project directly at the blood-colored beads of the three-tailed demon fox!

Every time you enter a dead beast, a strong force will appear on the body of the three-tailed demon fox. As more and more dead beasts are projected, the power of the three-tailed demon fox actually becomes stronger!

"No, that's the only way." The spirit of Luoling Mountain showed a trace of memory, and then looked at Wuliang Mountain with a firm mind.

"Three-tailed demon fox, you will be punished by God for doing so!" The Spirit of Luoling Mountain said slowly.

"God **** it?"

"I am the king, why is there a scourge?"

"You'd better give me the control of Luoling Mountain." The three-tailed demon fox said while absorbing the power of the dead beast.

"Didn't you always want the control of Luoling Mountain?"

"I'll let you see, what exactly is the control of Luoling Mountain." After the Spirit of Luoling Mountain finished speaking, there was a smile on the corner of his mouth, and then he took off the pure white skirt.

The ru skirt was taken off, and the shatterable skin was directly exposed in the air!

With such a perfect body, I am afraid that countless men will be crazy about it!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, in this perfect body, at the heart, an unusually bright white light group, like an elf, beating slowly.

"That is……"

"All the power of Luo Lingshan!"

"As long as I get that group of power, I can truly master Luoling Mountain, and then I can escape from this ghost place!" The three-tailed demon fox said very greedily.

"you want……"

"Then I'll give it to you!" The Spirit of Luoling Mountain smiled and walked towards the three-tailed demon fox step by step.

Following the action of the Spirit of the Fallen Mountain, the three-tailed demon fox suddenly moved a little, and a touch of fear appeared in his heart!

Ask for tickets!