Chapter Vol 4 1978: Enter the forbidden area, black stone?

"What's going on?" Feng Wan'er and a group of high-level leaders arrived one after another, and immediately looked at the two who were deadlocked in the field and asked.

"Mother, Xue'er wants to forcibly strip the two holy flames from her body and return them to Xiao Yan." The pharmacist Qian Rui, who was in charge of treating Xiao Yan, shook her head slightly, and said, obviously she is not good at interfering in this kind of thing.

"Xue'er, you're just making a fool of yourself!" At this moment, Feng Wan'er couldn't help scolding.

"It's their thing, I don't want it." Su Xueying frowned slightly and pouted, obviously she didn't want to owe Xiao Yan anything, that's what happened now.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, his head full of black lines.

"Forget it, since you insist on doing this, then you can give it back to him." Feng Wan'er spoke slightly after a few deep voices, but her voice was full of extreme coldness. but.

"It's alright, alright." Xiao Yan hurriedly suppressed Su Xueying, and the two Saint Flame Crystals poured directly into Su Xueying's body, and immediately pouted.

Although if he owns these two holy flames, it is enough to truly step into the eight stars, and even have a very small chance to touch the reincarnation, but Xiao Yan will definitely not do this.

"But..." Su Xueying opened her mouth, obviously embarrassed.

"Senior mistress, you see that the void here is crumbling now, I'm afraid it is no longer suitable for living..." Xiao Yan hurriedly changed the subject.

"Indeed, I don't know what idea your kid has?" Feng Wan'er asked.

"Junior established a force called Endless Fire Territory, and now it has occupied three of the four continents of Doudi Continent. If senior does not dislike it, junior dares to invite senior to go back and sit in the rear as the true executor of my Endless Fire Territory. "

"In this way, when we have enough strength to go to the underworld in the future, we might as well go together." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Okay, then it's up to you." After blinking, Feng Wan'er nodded lightly. After all, there were only eight guardians behind her. It was also an excellent way to accompany Xiao Yan to the Endless Fire Territory.

"Hey, senior mistress, since the matter is almost resolved, isn't this thing..." Xiao Yan asked with a heavy sigh of relief, staring at the black stone with a very strong seal in front of him.

It seems that there is an ancient atmosphere on it, which is awe-inspiring and curious.

"Hehe, little guy, your ambition is not small." Suddenly, the pharmacist Qian Rui next to him smiled slightly, and there was a rare magnetism in his voice, which was very pleasant.

"Does this stone really hold any secrets?" Seeing this, the eight people around Xiao Yan laughed together, feeling that something was wrong, and said immediately.

"If we want to move the base camp, this stone-like stone must also be taken away together." After a while, Su Xueying nodded slightly and smiled. Su Xueying's figure was enchanting, her skin was as pink as cream, but when her beautiful eyes looked at the mysterious stone, A dull luster refracted from it, and an indescribable mysterious aura spread out.

"You can try it."

"However, this thing is something that countless strong people in your Xiao family are desperately protecting. What is the use and mystery of it? Even if we have guarded it for countless years, no one has been able to covet it." Feng Wan'er said a little. , turned out to be walking towards the seal formation.

"Thank you, senior." Xiao Yan couldn't help but be overjoyed when he saw this, and followed directly.

"Back off, I'm going to open the seal formation."

"Xiao Yan, you enter it alone, remember that you only have one stick of incense time. If the time of one stick of incense can't be cracked, you can only exit, otherwise even me can't protect you." Feng Wan'er raised her pale palm. He stood up, and then silently worshipped the black stone in front of him.

"Kai!" After about to touch Shunxi, the jade staff in Feng Wan'er's hand was full of rays of light, and the top of the jade staff was like a gem-like jade staff, which slowly fell and then slowly faced the edge of the black stone. Let it go in emptiness.

"Boom!" With a sound, an ancient wave of energy ripples suddenly burst out. That kind of power is by no means comparable to reincarnation.

"Come in!" Feng Wan'er's face was extremely ugly. She had just opened the seal formation and suddenly drew nearly 90% of her power.

"Huh!" Xiao Yan's body turned into a stream of light, directly piercing the black stone, as if there was Xuan Tian on top of the stone.

The outside world returned to quiet, and the eight people were all quietly waiting for Xiao Yan, and inside, Xiao Yan also slowly started the last step of the century-old appointment.

Just poured into the black stone, on top of a mountain, where the vegetation is lush, and a trace of green vitality emerges. On the whole, there is a mysterious power flowing, like the pure natural jade liquid, which will The mountains are very strange.

"This kind of aura is so mysterious." Xiao Yan stood outside the mountains and couldn't help taking a deep breath.

As soon as I stepped into the mountains, it didn't take long to walk to the center of the mountains.

In the center of the mountain, the peach forest is full of fragrant spirits, and there are ancient fragrances on the trees, which are refreshing. A 100-meter water pool with a whole body is green in the center of the peach forest. The whole scene is like a world out of the painting. Wonderland in general!

"Weng buzzing!" In an instant, when Xiao Yan looked at the water pool in the center of Taolin, his body was burning, and Emperor Yanjie all became restless invariably, and even the two scattered directly, suspended in Xiao Yan's In front of him, he looked at the green water pool with vigilance, as if he was afraid of something.

"Boom!" At the moment when Xiao Yan wondered , blisters appeared in the pool, and then a terrifying energy swept out.

It was an iron pillar with a thickness of several hundred meters. Countless exotic flowers and plants were carved on the iron pillar. It seemed to be a forbidden area for the entrance of a garden. It was green and full of endless mystery.

"Boom!" A moment later, he shot directly at Xiao Yan.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan felt a tingling sensation in his scalp, and all the power in his body actually solidified at this moment.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's clan pattern flickered between his eyebrows, and his entire body was enveloped by a dark red energy.

The power of the Xiao Clan's line and the Xiao Clan's bloodline!

"..." The mysterious iron pillar was indestructible, and attacked Xiao Yan directly with an aura of annihilation, but when he touched the blood shield around Xiao Yan's body, which was condensed from the blood of the Xiao family, he became quiet.

"What a complex and hidden power..." Xiao Yan looked at the countless lines on the iron pillar from the corner of his eye, and lost his mind for a moment. He only felt that the things recorded on the iron pillar vaguely belonged to a garden-like fairyland on earth. Entrance, that kind of power is definitely not something I can covet now!

And as Tiezhu quieted down, the green and hot water tumbled violently above the pool, and after a while, nine golden dragons came out in a row.

"Gulu..." Xiao Yan looked at him, only to feel that the countless powers in his body, whether it was fighting qi, soul power, spiritual power, or even holy flame and demon power, were quietly crawling down at this moment. An awe filled Xiao Yan's heart!

What exactly is the thing that came out of the Kowloon and the dragon's mouth?

How could Xiao Yan have such a terrifying abnormality.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: