Chapter Vol 4 1733: 5 Mang Blood Soul Array, the road of reincarnation!

"Damn it, **** it!" Seeing Hao Ni'er's palm surging with a jade ring, and the door of space unfolding behind him, a tyrannical aura emerged suddenly, Hua Shao couldn't help but look ugly.

Originally, this was a perfect trap set up to snipe Xiao Yan, but how could there be so many variables?

Let alone the appearance of the Demon of Light, the origin of the Heisha Dragon and Wolf is unknown, and even the awakening of the power of the clan lines on Xiao Yan's body, and in the end, Fang Hao was completely wiped out by the power of the Holy Flame. The arrival of the attacker, this is not like a conspiracy set up by the Lord of Li Soul, but more like a revenge!

It originated from the revenge of Soul Eater Domain for Li Soul Domain!

"Hua Shao, I haven't seen you for a long time and I miss you very much."

"The head of Li Soul Guard..."

"..." The sound of a sentence made Hua Shao's heart become gloomy. These people are all guys he is very familiar with, because they are all real powerhouses in the Soul Eater Realm!

"Tiantian, Bai Ze, Heavenly Soul Guardian, Earth Soul Guardian..." Hua Shao's heart became gloomy as he looked at the elders in front of dozens of people.

The Soul Eater is the supreme ruler of the Soul Eater Domain, and the rest are four guardians, each of which has the power of the late Eight-star Fighting Immortal, plus Bai Ze Tiantian, the two early Eight-star Fighting Immortal powerhouses.

Five Eight-Star Fighting Immortals!

Among them, Hao Ni'er's strength has reached the rare eight-star Dou Xian perfection!

This kind of battle is probably enough to walk sideways anywhere in the ghost world.

"As of now, Li Hunyu's momentum has passed."

"Hua Shao, lead your people to surrender." Hao Ni'er stood dignifiedly, like a quiet woman, but the breath full of her body was like a real master, suffocating, and the cold killing intent radiated from her body. , the obvious however.

"Hahaha!"

"Joke, how can I, the head of the dignified Soul Guard, be afraid of a mere acting domain master!"

"I, Hua Shao, officially take over the West Temple at this time, give it to me!"

"The retreaters are killed without mercy!" A roar filled the air, and the space here became distorted.

"Boom!" With a sound, the two sides fought fiercely, but Li Hunwei had hundreds of people, but they couldn't deal with the dozens of people brought by Hao Ni'er. After all, the difference in top strength between the two was too obvious. .

The powerhouses in Li Soul Domain and Eight Star Dou Xian are only Hua Shao and other three people, and they are naturally not equal to Soul Eater Domain.

Xiao Yan and the others waited quietly on the desert, and were treated with respect by the powerhouses of Soul Eater Domain. As for the desert, covered with yellow sand, two afterimages stood quietly under the gaze of countless people.

"Eight-star fighting immortals are complete..." Hua Shao squeezed his fist tightly, a self-mockery flashing in his pupils, and his eyes stared at Hao Ni'er.

The battle below had already collapsed, and the only battle strength here was himself and the two Eight-star Fighting Immortals behind him.

"If you didn't give you Soul Eater any chance to breathe, and completely wiped out your entire region, there would be nothing today." The armor of Hua Shao's body turned into a bronze color, a majestic Dou Qi, gushing out come out.

"In that case, our Soul Eater Domain will be with you forever." Hao Ni'er smiled slightly, and there was endless killing intent hidden under the smile, without the slightest concealment.

"The Rhythm of the Wind!"

"Wind Prisoner!" Looking at Hao Ni'er's attitude, Hua Shao didn't hesitate at all, his palm suddenly raised, his eyes became dignified, his palm trembled rapidly, and uncontrollable gusts of wind formed all over his body, and his whole body was blue. Dou Qi turned into a shadow, and with unstoppable aura, he slaughtered Hao Ni'er away!

Seeing this, Hua Shao actually wanted to attack Hao Ni'er!

"Queen!" The guardians who supported Xiao Yan, as well as the Soul Eater Powerhouse who had already killed many Li Soul Guards, looked at the sudden scene in the sky, couldn't help shrinking their pupils and lost their voice.

"Crack." When Hua Shao's horror was about to touch Hao Ni'er, the space around Hao Ni'er was like a mirror, shattering with a bang, and all Hua Shao's offensive disappeared with the broken mirror. .

"Although you are as good as the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, but today, you are also in a mortal situation." Hua Shao lost his will to continue fighting, and suddenly laughed.

"This guy is crazy." Bai Ze, Devourer of the Sky, Protector of Heaven and Soul, and the four Eight-star Fighting Immortals slowly appeared beside Hao Ni'er, and Bai Ze was the first to speak.

The middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals and the Eight Star Fighting Immortals were complete, the gap was too large, and from the beginning to the end, the Queen did not use any offensive.

"Take him down."

"Jointly crack the realm barrier of the Lord of Li Soul." Hao Ni'er ignored Hua Shao, who had lost his fighting spirit at will.

"Hahaha!"

"My lord is like a god, so why would you guys mess up our carefully planned plan?" Without any struggle, Hua Shao's expression became quite calm.

"Queen." Watching Hua Shao and the two eight-star fighting immortals behind him calm down together, the four figures cast their gazes at Hao Ni'er at the same time.

"What other tricks are there, use them." He glanced at the three of them at random, and then Hao Ni'er said softly, as if he didn't want to waste too much time on the three.

After the breath, the eyes are returning to the demon of light who used the forbidden technique and the master of the soul who was shrouded in the pink space. These two people are the most important thing now!

"With my soul, sacrifice to the sky!" After Shunxi, the two eight-star fighting immortals behind Hua Shao looked at each other at the same time, and immediately put their palms together, a strange wave suddenly spread!

The next moment, the bodies of the two simultaneously turned into a blood mist, slowly drifting above the void in the desert hinterland!

Just when the two Eight-star Fighting Immortals blew themselves up, Hao Ni'er's eyes moved slightly, as if she had noticed something, and the jade ring on her hand surged, trying to recover the blood mist produced by the two.

"late!"

"The Lord of Li Soul was able to achieve the current situation because he expected everything and even made the worst plan."

"Susu." A gloomy and harsh laughter emerged from Hua Shao's mouth.

"Hey... Miscalculation." Without stopping the blood mist from spreading, Hao Ni'er's dark eyes slowly fluctuated. She sighed helplessly, and then her beautiful eyes turned to the desert sky covered by yellow sand.

In an instant, as the blood mist of the two powerhouses just touched the sky, the entire desert hinterland suddenly trembled violently, and an irresistible terrifying aura spread slowly, filling the entire desert in a short time!

"This is..." This scene was naturally noticed by countless powerhouses. Immediately, whether it was Soul Eater or Li Soul Field, they stopped the attack in their hands and looked at the sky dully.

"Boom!" When the two blood mists reached the top of the desert sky, a mysterious rune that was completely outlined by pitch-black blood suddenly appeared, swallowing the two blood mists in an instant!

Suddenly, a black light pattern was born from the top of the desert, spreading at a speed visible to the naked eye. At this moment, the entire desert hinterland trembled, and even on the desert ground, there were black light patterns that were exactly the same as the sky. , fully displayed.

Continuously, these black light patterns actually completely surrounded the entire desert hinterland, and vaguely formed an ancient formation, completely wrapping this place and imprisoning it!

"Wumang Blood Soul Array!"

"Master, this is your road to reincarnation." Hua Shao said, smiled lightly, and waved it casually. The remaining strong souls in Li Soul Domain were directly crushed by him and turned into a stock. The blood mist was projected into the black light pattern!

And with the injection of so many powerhouses, this formation actually revealed a desolate atmosphere from ancient times.

That's... God-killing fluctuations!