Chapter 355: out on a limb!

When Xiao Yan remembered what Senior Yu Xuan said, he was panting heavily with lingering fears. The moment the girl appeared just now, the suppressed Xiao Yan was even breathing heavily.

Even the soul realm in the body trembled slightly, and it was obvious that he had encountered an unmatched opponent.

"The witch looks like a girl, but senior Yu Xuan also said that this witch likes to turn into a girl-like human being, and ambushed around the forbidden area. On the one hand, she guards the forbidden area. "Xiao Yan also stopped just a few steps into the forbidden area, and then slowly rested, while staring vigilantly around.

I don't know why, but there are no obstacles of any kind on this path, as if someone cleans it every day, it's simply spotless!

On both sides of the road, there are also many plants and trees.

Xiao Yan also looked back, and after confirming that the witch was not chasing after him, he turned his head and walked slowly towards the tree.

"It stands to reason that if this tree survives here, the power in this Xuanling Emperor Pond is so strong, I am afraid that there is also a huge power in this tree." After Xiao Yan thought, he also slowly stretched out his hand, and then faced The trees slowly pasted past.

"Brumbling!" A cold feeling spread throughout Xiao Yan's body.

"This..." The next moment, Xiao Yan also stretched out his other hand and pressed it tightly.

"Why is there no power above this tree!" The next moment, Xiao Yan also frowned, then withdrew his hands and said solemnly.

"This is the center of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, so the intensity of power is also extremely strong. If there is no trace of power on these trees..."

"Where will their power go?" Xiao Yan was also thinking in his heart.

The ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng exuded a slight warmth, and then Long Yi also slowly turned into a fire dragon and came to Xiao Yan.

"There seems to be some strange fluctuations in the space here." Long Yi also said slowly.

"En?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan also turned his head, and the next moment, a huge soul force emerged instantly, trying to spread out and probe into the forbidden area.

"Shabu Shabu!" In the blink of an eye, the power of Xiao Yan's soul that emerged was like a moth to a fire, and it vanished in an instant.

"The space here actually devours the power of the soul, as if there is some mysterious power that is blocking my perception..." Xiao Yan also pondered, and then glanced around constantly to prevent any sudden changes.

"Long Yi, did you find anything?" Xiao Yan asked after thinking to no avail.

"No, it's very strange here, I can't feel any fluctuations." Long Yi also replied.

"Since the ground doesn't work..."

"That's the sky!" Xiao Yan's eyes also lit up, and then he suddenly triggered a fire in his body, milky white flames filled his body, and then the next moment, Xiao Yan was like a bow on the spiral, suddenly facing the Fly to the sky!

"Cuckoo!" In one breath, Xiao Yan also flew to a height of five meters above the ground, and then the next moment Xiao Yan accelerated his speed and was about to increase his speed, a deep repulsion in the sky also pushed Xiao Yan down. Bounce it back!

So Long Yi also saw a rather funny scene on the ground.

Xiao Yan, who was five meters away from the ground, exuded milky white flame fighting energy. At first, Xiao Yan slowly flew towards the sky. After flying five meters, Xiao Yan also found that there was no change, and immediately accelerated the speed. Then the funny scene also appeared.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan just accelerated his speed, but the next moment it was as if he had hit a piece of cotton!

However, this piece of cotton was not soft, but extremely terrifying. Xiao Yan's terrifying speed was immediately bounced back by force!

Then he sat down on the ground, causing a burst of dust, causing the whole person to be disgraced, making Long Yi laugh and laugh.

"It's really strange..." Xiao Yan was also quite helpless, he had already been very careful just now, and only accelerated after flying five meters without any change, how could he have thought that he would be forcefully bounced back by this mysterious space.

"No!" Xiao Yan's pupils also changed rapidly, and the next moment Xiao Yan also suddenly walked towards the entrance of the forbidden stone monument behind him!

"Don't be like that..." Xiao Yan also prayed in his heart at this time.

The next moment, Xiao Yan came to the entrance of this forbidden stone monument, but found that no matter how much he struggled, he could never get out again!

can not go out!

Can't lift up!

This is undoubtedly imprisoned on this isolated island!

"It's troublesome now..." Xiao Yan also returned to the original place, and then said to Long Yi.

When Long Yi heard this, he remained silent. After all, even Long Yi didn't know how to do this kind of thing.

"The space here seems to be forcibly isolated..." Jinlong's voice also appeared slowly.

"Master..." Xiao Yan was also quite helpless. On this isolated island, that Yuxuan said that the forbidden land of the Tianmuyu clan is true!

But that Yuxuan never said that he couldn't get out, he couldn't ascend to the sky!

"From the time I entered the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation, I found that the space here is also quite strange. I think it is because of the formation technique that your body of Dou Di can't be used." Jinlong also said slowly.

"What!" Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also shocked!

If it is said that he can't go to this forbidden area and he can't ascend to the sky, Xiao Yan can still calm down a little, but if he can't use his body of Dou Di, Xiao Yan can't calm down!

The reason why Xiao Yan was unable to lift off in this forbidden area, and was unable to leave without panic, was largely because he possessed an immortal body, a ten-rank fighting emperor, so he was not afraid to deal with these!

Because Xiao Yan knew that if he had used his immortal body, he would not dare to say that he was invincible, but he would definitely have no problem in protecting himself.

However, after his master said these words, Xiao Yan also became flustered.

If you can't even use your immortal body, is it really a dead end to be trapped here?

"Hehe, don't be too busy to be discouraged, although you can't get out of here, you can't ascend into the sky, but even the body of a fighting emperor can't be used..."

"But who said we were going out?"

"You forget me, why are you here?" Jin Long's confident voice also slowly comforted Xiao Yan.

"En." Xiao Yan heard the words, and the dark brown pupils also shone with dazzling brilliance again, and then he no longer hesitated, he carried the ancient ruler of different fire and took a slow pace, also slowly advancing towards the path.

"Since there is no way out."

"Then it's better to take one step at a time." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly.

Ask for tickets!