Chapter Vol 4 1128: 2 corpse pills to advance to Dou Xian

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling cyan flame and khaki color formed a huge fireball, which directly attacked the Douxian puppet.

And the Douxian puppet didn't know why, but the silver armor covering its body was glowing with silver light, trying to absorb Xiao Yan's attack.

"What a powerful attack." Qing Wen stepped aside, even if it was far away, the huge fireball composed of cyan flames and khaki flames gave him a sense of heaviness. He knew that if the attack fell on him On the body, I am afraid that if I don't die, I will also have to shed a layer of skin.

"I hope Xiao Yan can succeed, otherwise he will have to return without success."

"The underground space of Ghost Moon Well can only be entered every time when the moon is full on a sunny day. If it fails this time, I'm afraid it will take a long time." Qing Wen looked at the attack in the air and said solemnly.

"I want to see if it's your armor or my fireball!" Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing when he saw the Douxian puppet act like this.

Xiao Yan is confident that if the fluctuations of the two holy flames are merged, the energy fluctuations generated can instantly obliterate the Dou Xian puppet, but now that he has just arrived in the ghost world, it is obvious that these means of pressing the bottom of the box cannot be exposed, so Xiao Yan is only using the two The power of the holy flame crystals is mixed together, and its power is naturally not as strong as the fusion.

"Boom boom boom!" When the blue and yellow fireball just touched the Dou Xian puppet, the Dou Xian puppet seemed to feel extremely tyrannical pressure, and the silver light on the puppet continued to emerge, and there was a faint smell of swallowing blue and yellow. Signs of flames!

"If you want to smoke, I will do what you want!" Xiao Yan was not surprised when he noticed this scene, he let out a loud shout, and then the two holy flame crystals on the palm of his hand sent a steady stream of flame attacks away.

"Gulugulu!" At first, the Immortal Fighting puppet could calmly absorb Xiao Yan's blue-yellow flames, but as time passed, the silver light actually produced an aura of fear, and even under the burning of the blue-yellow fireballs, the silvery flames swept away. A trace of cracks appeared on the armor slowly!

"It's almost there..." And watching this scene, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, his figure burst out, with a dazzling black and **** of life and death on his palm, he madly attacked the Dou Xian puppet!

The Dou Xian puppet's entire attention was absorbed by the blue-yellow fireball, so naturally he didn't notice Xiao Yan.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's tyrannical palm, which contained the power of life and death, directly approached the shattered armor of the Dou Xian puppet that had already been burned by the blue-yellow fireball, and the sound of shattering slowly sounded!

"Successful?" When they noticed this scene, Qing'er and Qing Wen in the distance both sank their eyes and exclaimed.

"Crash!" A shattering voice sounded slowly, and then the silver armor on the Douxian puppet's body fell down in small pieces!

The silver armor fell without a trace, thus revealing the true face of this fighting immortal puppet hidden under the armor!

The appearance is the same as that of ordinary human beings, but the whole body looks a little shriveled, as if it is a mummified corpse, very terrifying!

"Xiao Yan, don't let him go!"

"Burn him!" At the next moment, Qing Wen suddenly remembered something and shouted loudly.

"Is there anything in this dry corpse that doesn't work?" Xiao Yan heard the words and did as he said, but questioned, because by virtue of his perception, Xiao Yan smelled a tingling wave from the dry corpse that made his scalp tingle!

"Boom boom boom!" After all, the blue-yellow fireball is a mixture of two kinds of holy flames, and its power naturally goes without saying.

In just a few breaths, the mummified corpse was burned with nothing left!

"Whoosh whoosh!" The next moment, Xiao Yan was about to withdraw his hand, but something flew out of the mummy that had already been devoured and refined by the blue-yellow fireball!

"What!" Xiao Yan heard the words, his mind moved, and he said vigilantly.

"Shabu Shabu!"

"This is a good thing, it's a corpse pill." At the next moment, Qing Wen quickly took the things that emerged from the blue-yellow fireball into his pocket, and then opened his mouth.

"Corpse pill?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words.

"It's a pity, there are actually only two." Qing Wen grabbed the two corpse pills in his hand, and then turned towards Xiao Yan.

"What is this corpse pill used for?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion.

"I'm afraid almost no one knows about this, but I learned it from my father."

"This guy hiding under the Ghost Moon Well is not a normal alchemist. He always likes to use some living people to refine medicine pills, or to get some things that are despised by the world."

"And this Immortal Fighting puppet is probably also his proud work."

"Don't underestimate this Immortal Fighting Puppet. According to my previous observations, this guy should have been soaked in countless mysterious liquids, and he has not eaten less of the magic pills. His whole body is full of treasures."

"And when it finally fell, it was burned by your flames, Brother Xiao Yan, so by chance, two corpse pills were formed." Qingwen explained.

"The energy hidden in this corpse pill is quite huge. I don't know what is the use?" Xiao Yan also nodded secretly after being said by Qingwen.

"It's very simple."

"The power contained in this corpse pill is enough for us to break through the Emperor Dou. As for whether it is a Half Immortal or a Dou Immortal, it is entirely up to us." Qing Wenwen smiled slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"So... strong?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised when he heard the words.

"right."

"It's a pity that there are only two of them, these are yours, Brother Xiao Yan." After Qing Wen finished speaking, a corpse pill with a high quality was handed to Xiao Yan.

What was reflected in Xiao Yan's pupils was a bead the size of a dragon's eye. The bead was rosy throughout, and there was a faint blood emanating from it, and the huge energy contained in it was also the first time Xiao Yan had seen it in his life.

"Yes." Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not refuse, and put it away directly. With this thing, I am afraid that he can really advance to Dou Xian.

"Don't blame Brother Qing for being greedy, this corpse pill can only swallow one piece, and I also have my own difficulties. I hope Brother Xiao Yan..." Qing Wen said when he saw Xiao Yan's subordinates.

"Brother Qing, what are you talking about, if it wasn't for Brother Qing leading the way, I wouldn't be able to find this place, let alone get the treasures here." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, the huge soul power made Xiao Yan discover long ago that the two corpses Dan, this one was given to him by Qingwen, both in terms of texture and luster, it was far superior to his, so he didn't care too much.

"Two corpse pills, one for you and one for me, that's my family Qing'er..." Qing Wen smiled.

"Brother, it's alright, let's look for it again, such a huge alchemy hall shouldn't have only so many treasures." Qing'er was quite free and easy, after all, she was still some distance away from breaking through to Emperor Dou.

"Yep."

"Since the guardian has been defeated, let's see what treasures are in this Pill Hall." After Qing Wen finished speaking, the eyes of the three of them all turned towards the Pill Hall in all directions.