Chapter Vol 2 720: disturb

In the early morning, when the sun scatters, it heralds the beginning of a new day in the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"Hey!"

"Why are you so lazy!"

"Now everyone is cultivating desperately. As a member of our Fenxiang Pavilion disciples, how can you be lazy here alone." On the forest path, a man with a heavy ruler on his back walked lazily, but was caught A young girl behind her pointed and said.

Xiao Yan just came out of Tongtian River, but what makes Xiao Yan strange is that when he came out, he did not come out from the place he had entered. It seems to be caused by the mysterious power in that Tongtian River.

"Me?" Xiao Yan pointed at himself with his finger, and then stared at the young girl in front of him.

The girl in front of her seemed to be no more than seventeen or eighteen years old. She was the age of Qingzhi. She was very good at sports. The places that should be convex were convex, and the places that should be concave were concave, which made people look extremely pure. &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"What are you looking at, it's just you!" The girl saw Xiao Yan's breathing fooling herself, with her hands on her waist, she walked over angrily.

"Why am I being lazy?" Xiao Yan was confused, he just came out of Tongtian River, and he didn't know where he was, but the only thing Xiao Yan knew was that he was still in the Burning Incense Pavilion, but he didn't know exactly where.

"It's you!"

"The ruins are just around the corner, and the sect competition is imminent. As a member of the Burning Incense Pavilion, you are not going to practice, but hanging out here, don't you want to be lazy?" The girl came to Xiao Yan and said sternly.

However, in front of Xiao Yan, the girl felt a burning sensation.

It's early in the morning, and the sun hasn't fully unfolded yet. Logically, it shouldn't be so hot. What's going on?

But the girl didn't say it, she just thought in her heart. &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"..." Xiao Yan's head was full of black lines.

"Where is this place, please?"

"I seem to have lost my way." Xiao Yan said slowly after a slight murmur.

"What?" The girl heard the words, her eyes filled with an incredible look.

"who are you!"

"This is the Burning Incense Pavilion!" The next moment, the girl said vigilantly.

"I am the disciple in the Fenxiang Pavilion's people's hall. I just came out of the Tongtian River. I don't know why I came here." Xiao Yan did not hide it.

"what?"

"Human Temple?" The girl heard the words, her eyes were full of incredible expressions!

The Fenxiang Pavilion cabinet has the three halls of heaven, earth and people, and being able to join any of the halls is enough to show that this person's talent and strength are not bad. &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"Cough cough cough..."

"My name is Yu Mou, and I am the steward of the Fenxiang Pavilion cabinet." The girl heard the words, and immediately lowered her tone of voice and said slowly.

"Since they are in the cabinet, that would be great."

"Dare to ask how to get back here?" Xiao Yan asked directly.

"This is the place where Houshan is responsible for purchasing food. If you want to go back, just walk directly from here and you can go back." Yu Mu said.

"Thank you." Xiao Yan said thank you, and immediately left the place with a heavy ruler on his back.

"What a weirdo."

"However, this person's strength is really terrifying. I'm afraid he is stronger than Senior Sister Lingxuan." After Yu Mu finished speaking, he immediately went in the opposite direction of Xiao Yan.

The difference between the two, but I don't know that in the future, a painstaking moment of life and death will be born by mistake. &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Xiao Yan and Yu Mou were talking, both Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi felt the violent vibration in Ah Tongtian River.

"It looks like this guy is coming out." Mu Xuzi felt relieved when he saw this, and then said.

"Two months, sixty days."

"This guy has refreshed the new history of our Burning Incense Pavilion. I'm afraid many people will trouble him when he comes out this time." Xiong Yuan smiled maliciously.

"Hehe, good jade is more polished." Mu Xuzi disagreed. After all, when Xiao Yan entered the ninth-level cultivation cave, his strength had already reached the late stage of the Six-star Dou Emperor. After two months in the ninth-level cultivation cave, his improvement was definitely not necessary. Doubt.

In this way, among the people in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion, there are probably only a handful of people who can be dangerous to Xiao Yan.

"Let's go, go and see your precious disciple." After Xiong Yuan finished speaking, he got up and walked towards the entrance of Tongtian River. &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"What's the matter?" Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi were very fast, and within a few breaths, they arrived outside the stone room of Tongtian River, but it was already surrounded by water.

"Two deputy hall masters, you can be considered here."

"You juniors are here waiting for Xiao Yan to leave the customs. What are you talking about to witness the disciples of the Hall of Humanity who broke the history of Burning Incense Pavilion."

"But there is clearly no Xiao Yan's breath in the Tongtian River. These disciples are just here to stay." The two guards were also miserable.

"Didn't come out?" Xiong Yuan suddenly wondered when he heard the words.

"Did something go wrong?" Mu Xuzi said with a calm face.

"No, there has never been a mistake in Tongtian River." The guard continued.

"I can feel that this kid's breath is still in the Incense Pavilion, but it's not here anymore." &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"The direction of the breath is a bit like the back mountain." Mu Xuzi looked at the distance and said.

"In that direction..."

"It seems to be Qinxin's boudoir." Seeing this, Xiong Yuan seemed to think of something.

"That girl Qinxin is very arrogant, this Xiao Yan can't get into her eyes." Xiong Yuan shook his head.

"Hehe, I don't think so. Although the power behind Qinxin is not small, Xiao Yan now has unlimited potential." Mu Xuzi laughed.

"Let's go, let's go back first, in the past Wuzhuju at night." Mu Xuzi finished speaking and disappeared with Xiong Yuan.

When the other disciples heard the words, they immediately stopped besieging them here.

"what……"

"This aura seems to be familiar..." Xiao Yan slowly returned from the back mountain. Many disciples he met along the way were from the Earth Palace, but these Earth Palace disciples saw Xiao Yan as if they were looking at monsters. , This made Xiao Yan quite puzzled.

However, if Xiao Yan knew that he had broken the record since the establishment of the Fenxiang Pavilion, it would be another scene.

"Xiao Yan?" A soft hum came slowly from Xiao Yi's right hand.

"Qinxin?" Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately turned his head away, only to realize that the familiar aura was actually Qinxin.

This Qinxin made Xiao Yan feel incredible both in appearance and strength.

In Luoling Mountain before, Xiao Yan felt that Qinxin seemed to have reservations, and Xiao Yan knew that if he could be accepted as a disciple by the young and old, if there were no means, he would definitely not believe it.

"Is something wrong with me?" Xiao Yan replied softly, after all, it's better to keep a little distance from this Qinxin.

"Well, it's a bit of a personal matter. I don't know if it's convenient for you now?" Qin Xin looked around, and after seeing no one, she whispered.

But I was shocked.

Before this Xiao Yan's strength was only in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, but now it has skyrocketed to the level of the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation, and there must be a reason why Xiao Yan can persist in the ninth-level cultivation cave for up to two months.

"I just came out of Tongtian River, I'm fine for the time being, tell me." Xiao Yan did not hesitate.

"Are you an alchemist?"

"I want to ask you to refine a medicinal pill." Qin Xin smiled slightly.

Ask for a ticket!

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: