Chapter 692: Heart Rock's ambition! (Wish me a happy birthday)

"Who are you?" The Heavenly Eyed Beast frowned and asked.

For the flame figure that just appeared, the aura on his body is even stronger than that of the Spirit of the Fallen Mountain just now!

The strength of the spirit of Luoling Mountain is already at the level of the Nine Star Dou Di. If this guy is stronger than the spirit of Luoling Mountain, then...

"Don't get in the way!" The two-tailed demon fox was already on the verge of an outburst of anger, and immediately ignored the flame figure and stared at the behemoth with fierce eyes!

"Why don't you submit to me..."

"I will take you to the human world?" The flame figure said slightly.

As soon as the flame figure opened his mouth, the three suddenly became quiet, and their eyes were fixed on the flame figure.

"This is the Holy Flame Spirit in your body?" Mu Yingying on the side was obviously a little surprised.

"From the moment he left Saint Flame Crystal, it was just an enemy with a trace of Saint Flame's power." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

After Mu Yingying mentioned it before, Xiao Yan paid attention to this guy and tried to force this guy out, but it was unsuccessful. After all, this guy was hiding in his body, and Xiao Yan had no choice.

However, when Xiao Yan was in a turmoil, Xinyan actually wanted to subdue the two-tailed demon fox and the giant beast with five elements, and finally left Xiao Yan's body.

"Is this the Spirit of Holy Flame..." Seeing this, Pin Medicine, his pupils shrank tightly.

The Spirit of Holy Flame, this is something that only exists in legends. If I see it today, I am afraid that Sansheng will be lucky.

"What are you?" Seeing this, the Five Elements Beast snorted coldly before he understood the situation.

"Go away!"

"He killed the person closest to me, and I must avenge her." As he said, the blood-colored bead on the palm of the hand was a lot of gloomy power!

"You guys, don't take me as a human being." Xinyan snorted coldly, and then the khaki flames gushed out, instantly entangling the three of them!

Although the two-tailed demon fox and the three of them are quite powerful, this Xinyan is a genuine spirit of holy flame, and dealing with these guys is probably a matter of hand.

"Holy Flame?" The two-tailed demon fox suddenly became quiet with sharp eyes, and then his expression suddenly became flustered!

The vague aura on the man in front of him seemed to be able to kill him with just one hand!

"Who the **** are you!" Seeing this, the two-tailed demon fox couldn't help but be vigilant!

"It doesn't matter who I am, what matters is..." Xinyan laughed.

However, before the words were finished, the corner of the mouth suddenly expanded countless times, and directly turned into a hole in the size of a hundred meters, swallowing the three in an instant!

"Cough cough cough..."

"The power of these three guys is really delicious." After Xinyan swallowed it, he still didn't know what to do.

"No, we can't let this guy devour the Five Elements Beast, what we are testing is still on it!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan suddenly shouted.

"Let's go!" Qin Xin and Mu Yingying heard the words, they looked at each other and said immediately.

"You can't swallow these three guys and spit them out for me." Xiao Yan took the lead to come to Xinyan's side, and then said sternly.

"What if I don't?" Xinyan no longer had the same politeness as Xiao Yan before, and there was an extremely proud arrogance in the corner of her mouth.

"Sure enough." Xiao Yan heard the words, not suddenly surprised, and said very calmly.

"You already knew?" Xinyan asked curiously.

How did Xiao Yan know that he did it so flawlessly?

"Actually, you said before that your former master was Xiao Mu, my ancestor of the Xiao family, and I doubted you at that time."

"After adding some of your vague explorations and exposures, I can be sure."

"But the most important thing is the burning in my body."

"It stands to reason, according to some records of my practice and Fen Jue, after swallowing a powerful flame, Fen Jue will evolve."

"But after swallowing Huoxin Tianyan, I seem to find that although Fen Jue has evolved, it is far from achieving the expected effect. Maybe you did something wrong?" Xiao Yan said to Xinyan without rushing. .

"Okay, since you're going to die, I'll tell you mercifully."

"The holy flame has been the most powerful holy item of fire between heaven and earth since ancient times. There is no such thing."

"It's just that the Fire Heart Tianyan in your body has been manipulated by me, so you can't exert its true power at this time."

"Otherwise, the power of the holy flame is so powerful that even if you are only in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, relying on the power of the holy flame alone will not have the slightest problem against the Seven-Star Dou Emperor!" Xinyan said.

"I'm a little curious, why didn't you directly take my body in the first place, instead you wanted to get it now?" Xiao Yan asked rhetorically.

This question has been plaguing Xiao Yan. If this Xinyan has a wicked heart, why should he do it now?

It is clearly possible to start when it devours the holy flame, that is the best time.

"No, at that time, the previous master Yan was still there. With him there, let alone doing it, as long as I show any displeasure, I'm afraid I will end up turning into a holy flame." Xinyan said nothing. I don't think so. After all, in this space, with the passage of time, the three beasts of the five elements and the giant beasts of the sky will only become part of their own power.

"Also, I need to restore my strength, otherwise I won't be able to master the holy flame."

"Because I and Sacred Flame are one body, only when my power recovers can I convert Sacred Flame into my own power. At that time, I will be Sacred Flame, and Sacred Flame will even be me." Xinyan said hotly in his eyes. .

"I think what you think is too simple." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

Xinyan didn't understand what Xiao Yan was laughing at at first, but the next moment she understood.

"Boom boom boom!" A terrifying explosion sounded, and immediately a space in front of Xinyan and Xiao Yan squirmed up Two familiar figures emerged from it!

Taking a closer look, these two are the five-element beast and the two-tailed demon fox that were just swallowed by Xinyan, but they lacked the giant beasts of the sky.

"How is it possible..." Xinyan asked slightly puzzled.

But if you look closely, you will definitely find that there is only one tail behind the two-tailed demon fox!

And the huge tortoise shell of the five-element beast is also in a state of embarrassment.

At first glance, these two escaped only after using the effort to press the bottom of the box. As for the giant beast, I am afraid it will not be able to escape the death of being swallowed.

This two-tailed demon fox actually lost a life abruptly!

"Xinyan, come back, I need the real holy flame... So, let's use your death to restore Huoxin Tianyan!" Xiao Yan said with a faint look in his eyes.

"It's really a miscalculation, these two guys." Xinyan shook her head.

As for the two-tailed demon fox and the five-element beast, if they were swallowed, there would be a lot of benefits for their own power recovery.

"In that case, let's fight!"

"If you lose, I will take over everything for you." Xinyan said without hesitation.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Come on." Xiao Yan heard the words, and his heart also flashed with a fiery look.

Ask for tickets!

Today is the author's birthday, please ask for blessings, ask for a recommendation ticket, ask for a monthly ticket, and ask for a reward