Chapter Vol 4 2016: The seeds of jealousy and hatred!

"No...no." In the sky, above Liu Hao's body, the original manly skin was slowly being controlled by another soul in the body, and an extremely cold killing intent slowly replaced its bright aura, and at the same time Behind Liu Hao, the angel's wings trembled and trembled, but Liu Hao gritted his teeth and said, as if he was resisting something, which was quite strange.

When he killed Feng Xiejun just now, he had already used his soul to kill the soul once because of his carelessness. If he were to use it at this time, the backlash Liu Hao would face would be extremely terrifying.

After all, the soul power of slaughter is infinite, but the backlash that needs to be endured for this is also unimaginable for ordinary people.

"Susu..." Looking at Liu Hao's posture, the Blood King Mo moved, and in an instant he came to him, a sea of ​​blood rolled all over his body, and a touch of sarcasm emerged.

The tyrannical son of light in the world of the thousand worlds is also only obedient in front of him. This honor and pride makes the blood king Mo quite calm.

"This time, I won."

"Capturing the Son of Light, I will be the number one hero of the evil race from outside the territory in the future!"

"Hahaha!" The crazy laughter stimulated Liu Hao's eardrums, and then the two souls slowly stalemate, with no result for a while.

"Strange, what is Liu Hao trying to have in his body?" Below, Xiao Yan and the others were already lurking here, but Xiao Yan wondered when he saw this scene.

The thing contained in Liu Hao's body even made Xiao Yan's devil's cube quite afraid. That kind of power is by no means an ordinary person.

"Go ahead girl."

"Even if this Son of Light is ignorant and incompetent, his identity as a Son of Light must not fall into the hands of evil races outside the realm, otherwise our great world will have a real disaster." Peerless Heavenly Emperor was ready to go, watching Xun'er said softly.

At this moment, he couldn't care about Xun'er's hatred for the Son of Light, so he could only speak helplessly.

"Let's do it, this guy can't die in your ancient clan, otherwise, where is the Holy See, it's hard to explain." After a while, when Liu Hao was in extreme pain and seemed helpless and could only be captured, Xiao Yan also said.

"En." With Xiao Yan's approval, Xun'er's beautiful eyes slowly became solemn, and the strength of the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals was undoubtedly displayed, and there was an earth-shaking change from the appearance of the little daughter just now.

"Senior, the other evil things in the ancient prison will be entrusted to you."

"This is the space scroll given to me by a senior in the ancient clan, which can briefly avoid the pursuit."

"Buy ten minutes for Xun'er and me, and we will kill the Blood King Mo in person." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

"Gu Yuan and I will stop all the other powerhouses in the ancient prison. Don't worry, but this Blood King Mo's strength is too tyrannical, I'm worried..." The Peerless Heavenly Emperor commanded the space scroll with a worried expression.

"Don't worry, we have the holy flame, and now we can only cover the water and earth with soldiers. That's it."

"Do it!" Xiao Yan smiled slowly, then took Xun'er's slender hand and approached the Blood King Mo.

I have to say that this girl Xun'er is still watery and delicate, and it seems that it was caused by swallowing the flames of the Nine Profound Chongming...

"You dirty creatures..." Watching the Blood King Mo walk towards him step by step, the angel wings behind him kept shaking, and he seemed to feel extremely terrifying pressure, and Liu Hao temporarily suppressed the Slaughter Soul Going down, the corners of his mouth became sarcastic.

If things go on like this, his dignified Son of Light will completely fall into the hands of an extraterritorial evil king-rank powerhouse. If this kind of thing spreads out, it will probably make countless powerhouses laugh.

"The Son of Light this year is actually such a short-sighted waste. It seems that this time, even God will not help you."

"I've changed my mind. Instead of arresting you, it's better to make this place your grave, isn't it beautiful?" During the speech, the blood sea of ​​King Mo rolled around, and suddenly condensed into a blood-colored evil sword, above the evil sword The evil light was prosperous, and countless evil patterns showed appalling power, raised high above the head, and chopped directly at Liu Hao.

The momentum was so great that it fell vertically like a sky curtain, making Liu Hao unable to avoid it, so he could only accept this devastating blow in a daze!

"This is... you forced me!" Seeing this scene, Liu Hao finally made up his mind and roared coldly.

Immediately, a soul slowly occupied Liu Hao's body, and a powerful breath like a sleeping dragon woke up.

"Bang bang bang!" Before Liu Hao's other soul was occupied, two figures wrapped in flames stepped directly through the void and immediately appeared beside Liu Hao. The attack one after another turned out to be in the hands of the Blood King Mo. The evil blood sword became fragmented.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Gu Xun'er?" Looking at the sudden appearance of the two, Liu Hao's face was full of astonishment, and the soul of slaughter was held back in his body by him.

"If you don't want to die, just get away." On Xun'er's body, a golden crow lingered with golden flames. Xiao Yan, who was attacking the blood king Mo, just said something to Liu Hao with an aftertaste.

"Why can't I compare to him?" At this moment, Liu Hao immediately became angry, an indescribable anger emerged, and he asked Gu Xun'er directly.

The figure in front of her is a top-quality product carefully carved by God. Whether it is beauty or temperament, she is the best choice. She is like the most perfect piece of jade, flawless and without any flaws. Only a guy as good as himself can be worthy of her!

Xiao Yan, an unknown person, how could he sully such a high-ranking princess?

It was a blasphemy against God's gift, Liu Hao would not tolerate Xiao Yan's life to continue to survive.

"If you let me hear any refutation about me in the future I will kill you...he doesn't like it."

"Any enemy who blocks his way is my enemy." After a casual voice, Xun'er's figure walked directly towards Xiao Yan. This time, the couple reunited after a long absence, and for the first time joined forces to deal with a foreign evil clan For Xun'er, a strong Wang rank, this is a long-lost happiness.

"Xiao Yan!"

"Xiao Yan!!"

"Xiao Yan!!!" Looking at the two figures standing in front of the blood king Mo, the angel wings slowly retracted behind Liu Hao. He was already seriously injured in his body, but he couldn't care about this, his chest was full of lungs. About to explode!

He is a dignified son of the Holy Court, bears a divine rune, has a lofty status, and is tyrannical. How could he even be incomparable to an unknown Xiao Yan?

For a time, a wave of jealousy magnified infinitely in his heart, and even because of Gu Xun'er's words just now, his last reason was indifferent.

"Gu Xun'er... I'll make you regret it!"

"Sooner or later, I will make you kneel at my feet and beg me for mercy, just wait." As soon as he finished speaking, Liu Hao disappeared. After Xiao Yan and others resolved the ancient prison disaster, they quietly left here. However, the seeds of jealousy and hatred in his heart buried the fuse for the future battle of life and death.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: