Chapter Vol 4 1456: The secret of life!

"Where is this?" Just after returning to his residence, Xiao Yan immediately returned to his room non-stop, setting up a series of defensive barriers, so the guy in the cage spoke slowly.

"Don't worry, this is my room." Xiao Yan looked at the young man trapped in the cage, and immediately smiled, the kind of intimacy that came from the same bloodline made Xiao Yan quite happy.

"Why... why do you want to save me?" The next moment, the young man in the cage stared at Xiao Yan slowly, he was hesitating to speak, obviously he had more or less doubts in his heart.

"If I expected it well, you should have the same blood power as mine." Xiao Yan came to the cage, bent slightly, and said immediately.

"Humph!"

"I don't want this bloodline!"

"If it weren't for him, how could my mother die!"

"I saw him kill my mother with my own eyes. Such a person is not worthy of being my father!"

"My bloodline, I'd rather give it back to him!" The next moment, Xiao Gui frowned in the cage, and a violent aura suddenly spread out. When Xiao Yan mentioned the power of bloodline, the whole person was as if Soul beasts are generally hideous.

"It seems that this guy has been hit a lot..." Xiao Yan heard the words, also saw the emotional instability of this guy, and immediately shook his head.

"Everything has a cause and effect. What you see is not necessarily true, it may be someone else's conspiracy." Xiao Yan explained.

"But...but..." Xiao Gui in the cage heard the words, his violent aura suddenly quieted down, and then he muttered to himself, what Xiao Yan said was not without reason.

"Tell me what happened, and I'll help you solve it."

"After all... we are of the same race." Xiao Yan grinned like a big brother and comforted him.

"At the time, the Xiao family was in great chaos, and my father and mother had just met at that time, so a series of things happened, and they finally came together. However, after the Xiao family completely disappeared, only the pregnant mother was left behind. He was waiting for his father in the ghost realm, and not long after the Xiao family disappeared, his father came to the ghost realm without knowing it. He originally wanted to take his mother and himself, but was discovered by the senior management of Li Soul Realm, so he fought. I want to capture my father."

"At that time, I had just been born and was still in an infancy, but I clearly saw my father kill my mother with one blow and then leave."

"That kind of shocking thing, even after decades, is still vivid in my mind, so I can't accept that kind of blow. One person ran out of Li Soul Territory and wandered around, and was later caught by the Yinhuntian powerhouse. , so there is this scene." Xiao Gui's gloomy ghost and human anger continued to haunt his body, and even his emotions became extremely excited.

"Li Soul Domain?"

"This is impossible... Our Xiao family will never have such a ruthless and unrighteous guy." Xiao Yan heard the words and directly concluded.

"But that's what I saw with my own eyes... Could it be fake?" In an instant, Xiao Gui roared at Xiao Yan with a hint of weeping and resentment.

It's still an infant watching his father kill his mother with his own eyes. I'm afraid there is nothing more cruel than this.

"There must be something strange about this matter, and I will help you investigate it clearly."

"Trust me." Looking at Xiao Gui who was extremely unstable, Xiao Yan comforted.

"The next time I see him... I will kill him myself." After hearing Xiao Yan's voice, Xiao Gui also calmed down, but the cold killing intent spread out suddenly.

"By the way... Since you said that you ran out of Li Soul Territory, what about your mother?" Xiao Yan asked as if he remembered something.

"My mother is a disciple of the five academies in Li Soul Territory. She is kind by nature and never kills innocent people indiscriminately. Even an ant is reluctant to trample to death." Xiao Gui recalled.

"The Fifth Academy of Li Soul Domain?" Suddenly, it was Xiao Yan's turn to be surprised.

The Lord of Li Soul can be said to be a strong man who rules countless planes, and this Li Soul Domain is to assist the Lord of Li Soul to manage countless planes. The five courtyards here almost represent the top of Li Soul Domain. strength.

"Mother is the chief disciple of the Earth Spirit Academy. Because she went out to other planes to maintain order, she saved her father who was at stake."

"At that time, the Xiao Clan had already been united against by the Great Thousand Worlds, and the mother had high respect for the Xiao Clan's resistance to foreign evil clans, so she took her father back to the Earth Spirit Academy, secretly helping him heal his injuries, and after healing his father's injuries. , The two also developed some affection, after the father left the ghost world, he told the mother that he would come back to pick up the mother, so this wait is a long time."

"But the good times don't last long. The next time my father appears in the ghost world, his strength skyrockets, but after all, the Earth Spirit Academy is as strong as a cloud. My father just appeared, and his true identity was discovered by the Supreme One, so he confronted his father. The highest level of kills."

"And that battle... my father almost fell. In the end, I don't know why, he killed his mother with his own hands, and finally broke through the plane and left the ghost world." Xiao Gui's expression changed, and he said word by word.

"Don't worry, I am afraid there is a huge misunderstanding in this, I will help you solve it." Xiao Yan looked at Xiao Gui in such a state, and slowly comforted, but there was also a sense of Xiao Gui's words immediately. There are many doubts, and immediately secretly remember what Xiao Gui said at this time, and he will definitely give Xiao Gui a satisfactory answer in the future.

"I'll help you untie the cage first. The breath in your body is floating. First stabilize the breath, and then tidy up your face."

"When the Four Continents Contest is over, I will accompany you to Li Hunyu to investigate this matter thoroughly." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Thank you...but this is my own business, and the material of this cage is extremely..." Xiao Gui was dumbfounded for a while, but before he could finish speaking, Xiao Yan also took action.

"Boom!" After a while, a dazzling two-color holy flame suddenly appeared in Xiao Yan's body, and then lightly wrapped around the cage, and the cage quickly melted like a moth to a flame.

"These are some healing medicine pills Take a good rest." Leaving some medicine pills behind, he immediately set up a soul barrier to protect Xiao Gui, so Xiao Yan slowly exited the house.

"Mother... people from the Xiao family, can you really trust them?"

"Looking at this guy from the Xiao family, my father shouldn't be so heartless. Could it be that there is really any misunderstanding..." Xiao Gui immediately felt warm when he saw Xiao Yan's actions. There are countless people who want to arrest and kill him, but it seems that no one treats him like Xiao Yan, making Xiao Gui slightly moved.

"Crash." The next moment, Xiao Gui swallowed all the medicine pill left by Xiao Yan, so the breath on his body slowly recovered, and then he quietly closed his eyes and rested.

"Damn little bastards..." Mu Xi, who had returned to his residence in the distance, scolded slowly at this time, because relying on the connection between his heart and the cage, he was surprised to find that Xiao Yan had already cracked the cage.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!