Chapter Vol 4 892: Immortal sword has spirit, frost and snow!

"Dong, dong, dong!" A burst of beating came out of the casting table.

"This senior has such a terrifying technique." At this time, Xiao Yan opened his eyes, while Mu Yingying next to him looked at Master Lu in the casting table in surprise and said.

Although Mu Yingying didn't know how powerful the casting master was, but from Master Lu's subtle technique, she also knew that the fairy sword that Xiao Yan presented to her was undergoing some extremely ingenious changes at this time. The source of it was that Master Lu injected the refined Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother into the Immortal Sword.

This matter is simple to say, but it is extremely difficult to inject the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother into the fairy sword without destroying the original spirituality of the fairy sword.

"Bang bang bang!" A series of pleasant voices came out, and then the fist-sized red yin-yang black iron mother was skillfully integrated into the fairy sword by Master Lu.

The broken fairy sword was originally fiery red. After all, it stayed in the molten world for too long and was contaminated with the power of the molten slurry, but at this time, when Master Lu reintegrated the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother into the fairy sword, the fairy sword The fiery red gradually degenerated, and even turned into a touch of silver angelica, which is quite beautiful.

"It can also change the shape of the immortal sword..." At this time, it was Xiao Yan's turn to be shocked.

The shape of an immortal sword was destined from the moment it was cast, and it was never heard that it could be modified, but this Master Lu could actually change the shape of the immortal sword, which shocked Xiao Yan.

"Although there is credit for the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother, Master Lu's attainment in casting has probably reached a peak." Xiao Yan couldn't help but said.

The two nodded, then stopped talking and watched quietly, otherwise it would affect Master Lu and everything would be for nothing.

"Hahaha!" After a while, the always serious Master Lu suddenly burst out laughing, with a certain madness in his voice, even madness!

"How many years!"

"Finally let me wait for this step!"

"Xianjian, born!"

"Xianjian, there is a spirit!" Master Lu roared with a smile.

After speaking, the Yin-Yang Profound Iron Mother in the palm of the hand had already used two-thirds, leaving just under three-thirds.

And Master Lu used the yin and yang black iron mother, which is two-thirds the size of the fist, to not only recast the fairy sword, but even create a very fitting scabbard for it.

Rao is like this, and there is still one third left.

"Tempering!" Master Lu understood that now the final step has been reached, and whether he can successfully gather spirits depends on this step!

As Master Lu's voice just fell, a puddle of water on the casting platform roared directly towards the fairy sword!

"Xixixi!" At this time, in the fairy sword, because Master Lu had rejoined the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother, the extremely hot temperature was attacked by the water, and a white mist instantly emerged from the sword body of the fairy sword!

The white mist seemed to possess intelligence, extremely terrifying!

"Condense it for me!" Seeing this, Master Lu was extremely vigilant, and then snorted coldly, the power of life and death in his body instantly flew away against the white mist!

The white mist seemed to realize something, and fled around frantically!

"Since I created you, there is no saying that you can't conquer it." Looking at Xiao Yan's dull eyes, Master Lu hurriedly said, and then the power of life and death directly turned into a huge palm, facing the white The fog grabbed wildly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

White Mist originally wanted to run away, but Master Lu was too strong, and he didn't escape very far just now, and was directly caught by Master Lu!

"Give me in!" Master Lu grabbed the white mist and was overjoyed, then threw it directly at the immortal sword that had cooled down!

"Woo!" The white mist made a sound, and seemed to be very dissatisfied with Master Lu's rude behavior, but even so, it was directly thrown into the sword by Master Lu!

At this time, the fairy sword had cooled down, and the body of the blade covered in Baizhi matched Mu Yingying quite a bit, and the scabbard on the side was also pure white, which was even more imposing.

However, on the body of the immortal sword, mysterious runes appeared on it, which made people shudder.

"Sword..."

"There is a spirit!" The next moment, Master Lu said directly to the immortal sword that had cooled down, and then the white mist disappeared directly into the immortal sword, and the immortal sword vibrated immediately!

"Weng Om Om!" For some unknown reason, the immortal sword made a terrifying vibration, and immediately flew around the casting table without being controlled by Master Lu.

"Damn, this thing seems a little out of control."

"It seems that the power of the Yin-Yang Profound Iron Mother is still underestimated." Seeing this, Master Lu could only hold back slightly. After all, at this stage, the immortal sword has already been tempered.

"Weng Om Om!" Bai Zhi's immortal sword flew around, and after a while, it came to Mu Yingying's side, and then gave out a breath that was very suitable for her.

"This..." Mu Yingying was hesitant to walk by this sudden scene, then looked at Xiao Yan and said.

"This is the immortal sword recognizing its master."

"Little girl, you are very good. You have been recognized by Immortal Sword." Master Lu naturally laughed when he heard the words.

For Master Lu, it's not because of the powerful weapons he owns, the casting master is just to forge a more powerful weapon, just like a pharmacist who is generally responsible for refining higher-level medicinal pills.

"Take it."

"With this immortal sword, your strength will also rise to a higher level in the future." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

Xiao Yan could feel that the power of this immortal sword was definitely not simple, and even it was a bit difficult for him.

Moreover, the white mist just now was supposed to be the sword spirit created by Master Lu Yun forging!

A fairy sword with an artifact and an immortal sword without an artifact are far less powerful.

"It's natural, don't look at who made it." Master Lu suddenly said, as for the rest of the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother, it was put away by himself.

"Since the immortal sword has been completed, then there can be no name, how about giving a name to the little girl?" At this time, Master Lu suddenly said.

"What's your name..." Mu Yingying thought for a while, then grabbed the blade of Bai Zhi and waved it a few times. Suddenly, a sharp sword energy appeared in front of the three of them.

"The body of the sword is like Angelica..."

"Easy..."

"Why don't you just call it Frost Snow?" Mu Yingying's eyelashes twitched slightly, her eyes kept rolling, she thought for a while and said to Xiao Yan, obviously asking for Xiao Yan's opinion.

"Frost Snow."

"The sword is like a man."

"Okay!" When Master Lu heard the words, he immediately clapped his hands in amazement, his expression was extremely wonderful!

The weapons that I made by myself were originally named by myself, but the two guys in front of me have different identities, so I can only let them name them.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, and immediately disappeared with Mu Yingying on the second floor of the underground palace. The direction where the two disappeared was the third floor of the underground palace!

However, at this time, Master Lu was immersed in his own joy, and naturally he had no time to care about Xiao Yan and the others.

"Such a good fairy sword, the predecessor was soaked in flames and molten lava."

"If someone with the fire attribute uses it, it might be enough to slash people with a sword..."

"Hahaha!"

"I didn't think that my Master Lu could also contain spirits, and it's not far from the immortal-level casting master..."