Chapter 568: The second strongest of the Gorefiends, Gorefiend Left Guard!

"You!" Shan Ling was anxious and stared at Xiao Yan, but did not speak for a while.

"Don't worry, no matter what's in it, isn't it still me?" Xiao Yan also laughed.

Xiao Yan also wanted to take good care of the two sisters, Shanyao and Shanling. After all, the backgrounds of the two of them were miserable, and this desert mountain range might be their home. Obliged to take care of one or two.

"I hope you saw that creature flinched in fright." Shan Ling continued.

Xiao Yan didn't take it seriously when he heard the words. After all, although this Shan Ling was a bit arrogant in her mouth, her heart was not bad.

"There is indeed the holy flame you need here, but don't forget that the creature inside is likely to be the legendary alien race."

"The alien race has been the biggest enemy of our human beings since ancient times. They have committed all kinds of evils. They specially hunted and killed us human beings and destroyed many planes in the world for pleasure. All kinds of evil deeds have been punished by everyone." Shan Ling knew told.

"I know, so this time, I will completely obliterate this extraterritorial evil race!" Xiao Yan felt the familiar fluctuations of Xiao Yi and the others, and they were rushing towards here, so Xiao Yan this When the confidence is extremely confident!

Shan Ling looked at Xiao Yan's smile, but it was a surprising discovery, as if she couldn't find any words to stimulate Xiao Yan.

"Listen to me for a while, if you can't do it, just go!" Shan Ling said, looking at the determination in Xiao Yan's pupils, still couldn't help it.

Although Xiao Yan's words about resolving his father's letter just now really moved him, Shan Ling felt that Xiao Yan had to get this holy flame this time, so she said out of concern.

"Okay, let's go." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he was just about to take a step, but unexpectedly, in the dueling field in front of him, a sudden change occurred!

I saw that in the sunken oval dueling arena, the giant hand of the sky composed of rocks and the small gap in the dueling arena ground, a black light beam exploded instantly!

And the giant hand of the sky made of rocks was also shattered a lot by this scene!

This sudden scene made Xiao Yan and the others feel a slight shock in their hearts!

Immediately, he turned his eyes to the black-purple beam, and saw a figure of several meters standing slowly beside the black-purple beam.

A wave of evil to the extreme slowly spread out, like a demon descending from the abyss!

"Is it a foreign evil race?" Xiao Yan stared at the black light beam in the dueling arena, and then a look of horror appeared in his pupils!

With such terrifying strength, I am afraid that Xiao Yan can be wiped out in an instant!

"Is this the end of the world?" Shanyao opened her mouth slightly, and Bei's lips clenched involuntarily. Apparently, there was a faint fear in her heart for this unfamiliar figure in front of her!

"Susu..." The black and purple figure slowly broke free from the giant hand of the sky, and then a pitch-black evil aura shot straight into the sky, and then the rocks above the giant hand of the sky were slowly shaken away.

"It's been so many years... it's finally out!"

"Ha ha!"

"Immortal Master Crazy Wood, after all, you are still a little weaker... If that's the case, then this guard will accept all of the things you once had!" The black energy above the black figure slowly condensed, and then Become a rather weird-looking figure!

Above the figure's face, it is extremely red, and the eyes are even more red, like a monkey's butt!

"Damn it... what level of extraterritorial evil clan is this!" Xiao Yan suddenly stepped on his feet when he heard the words, and suddenly wanted to surrender!

The power of this extraterritorial evil clan, this breath alone makes Xiao Yan so afraid, I am afraid this holy flame is not easy to handle!

"This is the powerhouse among the evil tribes outside the realm!" Shan Ling and Shan Yao supported them slightly, so they were not overwhelmed by the mighty aura!

"I'm afraid this strength is beyond the range I can handle..." The snake torture on the side was extremely solemn.

"Susu!"

"Immortal Master Crazy Wood, you old fellow." The black-purple aliens stood beside the throne, their red pupils staring at the throne!

With the appearance of the evil people outside the black territory, there seemed to be some other auras faintly appearing on the throne.

"It seems that so many years of repression have not eliminated your evil." A hearty laughter slowly came from above the throne!

Immediately the next moment, Xiao Yan saw that on the throne, a man in white appeared!

The man held the two armrests of the throne with both hands, one dragon and one wind, looking straight at the black-purple alien evil race like an overlord!

"You immortal, you have already perished, why do you still leave a residual soul force to trick the mystery!"

When Xiao Yan heard this, he obviously did not understand why this black alien race was like this, and he was about to look at the figure on the throne!

It was a middle-aged man, and the confident smile on the man's face made people feel extremely comfortable. Coupled with the extremely terrifying fluctuations between his eyebrows, Xiao Yan couldn't help but be slightly shocked!

"Is the fighting immortal strong..."

"A pharmacist at the fourth rank of immortal rank..." Xiao Yan swallowed a few mouthfuls of saliva dryly, and then said with difficulty.

Xiao Yan doesn't know how powerful the Immortal Fighting Powerhouse is, but Xiao Yan is very clear about the horror of the fourth-grade alchemist of the Immortal Rank!

The person in front of him is actually a real fourth-grade alchemist of the Immortal Rank!

Outside the arena that was only blocked by the duel arena, Xiao Yan said with a solemn expression.

Even if he had just broken through to the Emperor Realm Earth-level Small Perfection, under the residual power of the Immortal-level Alchemist, his soul realm couldn't help but be slightly shocked!

The immortal-level pharmacist, what he said was true!

"Haha, Gorefiend Left Guard, what you said is wrong."

гӮЎж–°гғӨ~в‘§~1~дёӯж–ҮзҪ‘ПүПүПү.ПҮ~в’Ҹ~1zСү.cГІРј

"This king is still one day How could it be possible for you to be born here again?" The man said slightly, and a fierce and silent aura suddenly spread out!

"Hahaha!"

"Immortal Master Madwood, if you were at your peak, Benwei would still be afraid of you, but now you are just a remnant of your soul, how can you fight against Benwei?"

"So you'd better die!" said the evil race outside the black domain savagely.

As soon as he finished speaking, the Gorefiend Left Guard raised the palm of his hand, and a power containing rich blood energy appeared instantly!

This power just appeared, Xiao Yan and the others suddenly felt vaguely uneasy!

Because the moment this power appeared, Snake Punishment clearly felt a little bit of the blood demon general's power in his body struggling!

If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's help at the beginning, I'm afraid the snake torture at this time would have exploded and died!

As for Xiao Yan, the Soul Eater Talisman in the palm of his hand was also faintly turbulent.

"Go to hell!" The left guard of the Gorefiend flashed and came to a few meters next to the throne. Immediately, his palm slapped on it, and the terrifying fluctuations spread out in an instant!

Just when everyone thought that the throne would be shattered instantly, no sparks appeared in the duel arena, only an extremely hot khaki flame appeared.

"The last general, Yan, see my king!" A mighty and powerful voice, like a heart-wrenching voice, passed through everyone's mind!

Ask for a ticket?