Chapter Vol 4 1021: 17 towns and demons

"Crash!" With the complete disappearance of the blue light, the gate of the palace, which had always been solid, slowly opened!

With the opening of the hall door, a heavy aura slowly diffused out, making the four people's hearts uncontrollably vigilant.

In that breath, there is not only some pure and fierce aura of holy flame, but also some vague evil aura.

"What kind of breath is this?"

"Although the power of the holy flame is extremely tyrannical, it still reveals a feeling of weakness..."

"Although it is very weak, I can still smell a hint of evil..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but said when he felt the slightest aura that was beginning to be released from the palace gate.

"It seems that the land of holy flames is not as simple as we thought." Xiao Yi also spoke slightly after feeling the breath.

"The door of the palace is open, remember to follow me when you enter it. It's extremely uneasy here, and there seems to be a lot of articles." Yan Chi nodded to the two of them, and then he did not forget to instruct him in a deep voice.

"Old Yan, don't go in with you and Yingying. It's too dangerous inside... Xiao Yi and I will just go in." Xiao Yan looked at Yan Chi and couldn't help but say.

After all, Yan Chi had almost no fighting power at this time, and was known by the powerhouses of the Xuanling royal family to be transformed by holy flames. This is undoubtedly the sweet pastry that everyone wants, and in the land of holy flames, Xiao Yan not only wants to get holy flames Yan, but also to find the truth of the fall of Senior Brother Yintong, and even to completely kill the remaining two Heavenly Congregations of the Xuanling Royal Family.

"No, I have to figure out the ins and outs of Yin Tong's matter, and it is extremely dangerous here. I am afraid that without me, you will encounter many dangers that are difficult to resolve."

"But don't worry, although I have almost no combat power in this special space, I want to leave, but no one can stop me." And when he spoke to Xiao Yan, Yan Chi naturally knew that Xiao Yan was out of concerned, but refused.

"Since that's the case, let's adapt accordingly after entering."

"Go!" As soon as the voice fell, the four of them rushed directly into the palace gate.

And as the four people poured into the temple gate, a scene that was enough to shock the four people suddenly appeared in the space behind the temple gate.

In the land of holy flames, there is no ray of light from the previous flames, but wisps of darkness, completely shrouding this land of holy flames!

In the huge space, there is a faint cyan light in the most central place, and there is also the place where the traces of evil black energy are the most intense!

Even Xiao Yan, who possessed the holy flame, looked at it, and there was an extremely unpleasant feeling in his body.

"I... I read it right?"

"This is the Land of Sacred Flames?" Just as she poured into the Land of Sacred Flames through the temple gate, Xiao Yi was shocked by the scenery in front of her.

This is not like the land of holy flames, this is clearly a purgatory!

"Sure enough...Is that so..." Yan Chi couldn't help but said looking at the scene in front of him. Obviously, he already had some guesses in his heart, but when his eyes really saw it, there was also a hint of sadness in his pupils.

"What is this..." Xiao Yan also asked with his powerful perception, such a huge evil power is far from what he has seen in the past.

"This is Demon Town." Yan Chi said softly.

"Suppressing Demon Domain?" Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi shook their heads in confusion when they heard the words.

"I don't know how to blame you for this kind of thing."

"Originally, I thought Yin Tong's fall was very strange. It stands to reason that even if he lost to the Xuanling royal family at the beginning, he still had the ability to escape. It hasn't come out yet, and the Xuanling Royal Family's four-day congregation came out of the Holy Flame Land intact, and even the breath has skyrocketed a lot."

"It turns out that this place of holy flame is actually the Demon Suppression Territory..."

"With such an estimate, it all makes sense." Yan Chi kept shaking his head, his voice became more heavy, and every time he spoke to Yin Tong, his mind became a little heavy.

Fen Tian is a human being that Yan Chi trusts very much, and it is no exaggeration to say that it is a life-and-death relationship. After all, Yan Chi told Fen Tian that he was transformed by the Holy Flame, and Fen Tianye did not have any bad intentions. From this, it can be seen that Fen Tian is a good friend, and Yin Tong is the biggest torment that plagues Fen Tian, ​​so Yan Chi wants to solve this problem completely.

"Suppressing Demon Territory is the place where Sheng Yan specializes in suppressing evil races outside the territory."

"Looking at this level, I'm afraid this is the fifteenth seat of the Demon Suppression Territory." Yan Chi Zaidu said.

"Sure enough..."

"But what is the fifteenth seat?" As soon as Xiao Yan came to the Holy Flame Land, he smelled the nauseating evil aura, and immediately thought of something. Now that Yan Chi said it, he was relieved.

"The Demon Suppression Territory is used to suppress the extraterrestrial evil race. There are seventeen in total. At present, this one is probably the last Demon Suppression Territory." Yan Chi said.

"But this is not comparable to the place where you conquered Shengyan before."

"The place where you conquered Shengyan before is not called the Town Demon Realm."

"Everyone who can be called the Demon Suppression Territory is suppressing the most powerful among the evil races outside the Territory." The next moment, Yan Chi's voice suddenly became solemn.

"A superpower?" Xiao Yi frowned when she heard the words. Although she didn't have much confidence in her heart for this superpower, it was definitely not easy to make Yan Chi, who was comparable to the level of human fighting immortals, so dignified.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Simply put, it's the king of a certain group of alien races..."

"What is their weakest strength? I'm afraid they also have the level of fighting immortals." Mu Yingying seemed to understand, and then explained to Xiao Yi.

"Looking at the level of cooperation between the Xuanling Royal Family and the Gorefiends, and the fact that Tiangan and the two of them gave up fighting with us in front of the temple, I think that the one who suppressed the demons in this town should be the king of the Gorefiends Blood Demon Envoy..." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Blood fiend..."

"Although this guy's strength can't be regarded as the last among the foreign evil races, he can only be ranked in the middle at most." Yan Chi said.

"Back then, in the desert mountains, my holy flame suppressed the Gorefiend Left Guard of the Gorefiend, and he could be regarded as the strongest of the Gorefiends except the Gorefiend..."

"At that time, by virtue of the power of holy flame and several seniors, the left guard of the Gorefiend was completely wiped out, and it happened that the Gorefiend brought a trace of power down..."

"Although I don't want to admit it, it was just one blow, and I was seriously injured..."

"That guy is very strong." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

"Although that guy is very strong, but we have three holy flames here. In addition to this one to suppress the blood demon, there are four in total. What kind of **** blood demon, young master is not afraid."

"Brother, do you think so?" Xiao Yi said with a smile.

"It makes sense."

"The Gorefiend is strong, and it is impossible to match the power of the four holy flames."

"Let's go look for Holy Flame first, I can feel that it seems to be calling us, I think it must have encountered some trouble." Yanchi looked at a certain part of this huge dark space, and then opened his mouth slightly. said.

"Let's go." As soon as Yan Chi's voice fell, the four of them swept towards a spot of light in the dim space.

At this time, in this space, a dark and evil black energy is constantly sprouting, like a hell!

: . :