Chapter Vol 4 1149: All parties are moving

"What?" As Seimei's voice just fell, the second head of Qingyu and the third head of Qingyi stood up directly from their seats!

It would not be surprising if this guy could use his strength at the peak of Dou Di to block Yuquan in the middle stage of the next-star Dou Xian and ten puppets at the peak of Dou-Emperor. Killing Hei Yu in the late One Star Fighting Immortal stage is enough to make people truly respectful!

The three old guys all know that it is extremely difficult for a Fighting Immortal powerhouse at the same level to win. How terrifying.

"This guy, shouldn't he be the young master who came out of the big family to train?" And the third master, Qingyi, said with some difficulty.

Many tyrannical families will release the outstanding heirs in the family to experience, one is to hone, and the other is to enrich their experience, so that they can go back to inherit the family in the future.

"do not know."

"But when this little guy is in our Qing's house, remember to treat him with respect."

"There are still three days before the auction will start, this time bring him."

"And other forces, I believe, are just around the corner."

"The storm is about to come, I always feel that this auction does not seem to be so simple."

"The Yu family has been quiet for so long, so I'm afraid it's time to do something." Seimei said to himself.

After speaking, there was also silence here, because they all knew the seriousness of the situation.

Other places in Ghost King City are also under intense planning.

The Lei Mansion.

"Lei Shi?"

"Is what you said true?" asked the first man with fluffy hair.

The man has fluffy hair, but the muscles on his body are extremely burly, because this person is the current head of the Lei family, Lei Li!

A real powerhouse in the late stage of the two-star Fighting Immortal!

"Patriarch, everything I said is true."

"People from the Qing family didn't know where to find a helper, but they reached a consensus with the Azure Niu Tianmu Spirit Beast and entered the Ghost Moon Well, so the subordinates and the Yu family had no choice but to return. Lei Shi shook his head slightly, obviously he did not expect that this trip to Guiyuejing actually allowed the people of the Qing family to obtain the greatest benefit.

"That's all."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The Qing family and the Yu family are stronger than our Lei family, but as long as good things don't fall into the hands of the Yu family, that's fine."

"After all, the real confrontation between the two Qingyu families is about to come." Lei Li said slightly as if he had thought of something.

"Patriarch, what are you saying..." and Lei Shi, after all, is also the core figure of the Lei family, he asked.

"This time the City Lord's Mansion reported the auction, there are not only many treasures of heaven and earth, but also what news will be announced soon."

"Go down."

"After three days, you will be able to know." Lei Li said.

"Yes." Lei Shi said in a deep voice, and then went down.

Yu Family Mansion Center.

"Who can tell me, what's going on?" An angry man sat in the first place and roared angrily at a figure below.

"Patriarch, I don't know about Heiyu either..." The shrewd man below showed a hint of fear, and hurriedly explained.

"Bai Yu, I need you to give me a reasonable explanation." Yu Gan questioned without giving him any rebuttal.

"Patriarch, to be honest, I have been living in the family since the City Lord's Mansion ordered that entry and exit of the Ghost King City are strictly prohibited, and I rarely leave."

"And the connection with the black mad group has always been done by Hei Yu." Bai Yu couldn't help but explain.

"Originally, I made an agreement with the 'Black Crazy Group' to take advantage of this auction to sack the Ghost King City, and Hei Yu is naturally the core person in our Yu family's connection with the Black Crazy Group. The Yu family had some unnecessary misunderstandings."

"Without the help of the black madmen, I'm afraid that just relying on the strength of our Yu family would not be enough to swallow the entire Ghost King City." Yu Li shook his head and said.

The Black Crazy Corps, as the name suggests, is a notorious robber force that roams outside the Ghost King City.

In the entire force, there are two strong men in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian. Even if the Ghost King City City Lord Mansion has sent strong men to besiege them many times, they are easily resolved by them. The City Lord Mansion suspects that there are black people in Ghost King City. The details of the crazy group, but they have not been able to find out who it is.

"Patriarch, your injury...isn't it okay?" At this time, Bai Yu was stunned for a moment when he heard the words, and hurriedly asked.

They know that although Yu Li's strength is in the early stage of the real three-star Dou Xian, but for some reason, he has always had a dark attack that limits his strength, so his real combat power is probably similar to that of the two-star Dou Xian's successful Qingming. This is also Yu Li. The reason why he has been living in the ghost king city for many years and has not done anything to other forces.

Otherwise, if Yu Li had such a strong character, he would definitely not sit still.

"okay."

"Since the black feather has fallen, we must give the black mad group an explanation."

"Bai Yu, you went out of the city through the secret passage overnight and brought back the two leaders of the Black Crazy Squad."

"Once the auction is over, we will launch an attack to uproot the other two houses in the Ghost King City and the City Lord's Mansion!" Yu Li said with a smile.

"Patriarch, the strength of the City Lord's Mansion and the Qing Family's Lei Family should not be underestimated. Just relying on the strength of us and the Black Crazy Squad, I'm afraid..." Bai Yu clearly said with some doubts.

"Don't worry, I have a plan, and I can defeat each of them at that time." Yu Li said slowly.

"Yes!" Bai Yu nodded sadly when she heard the words and immediately went down to work.

"This dark disease is really deadly."

"I knew earlier that I wouldn't risk myself for the sake of a mere fighting spirit. Although I finally got the fighting spirit, the dark disease in my body is also..."

"But it was a blessing in disguise, I broke through the three-star Dou Xian, just because of the dark disease, the combat power is actually not much different from that of the two-star Dou Xian complete powerhouse I hope that this time the auction held by the City Lord's Mansion will be included. , can there be something that can cure my dark disease..." After Yu Li finished speaking, he slowly laughed!

In the entire Ghost King City, apart from himself, no one has a fighting spirit at all, and the fighting spirit is his real trump card.

City Lord's Mansion.

"Is the work done properly..." A man in a blue robe stood in the hall and asked a soldier in armor.

"Report to Lord City Lord."

"Things have been done properly."

"The Yu family is also colluding with the black madmen according to our plan, and it is estimated that they will attack us." The strength of the soldiers wearing armor is also the powerhouse of the two-star Dou Xian!

"That's good."

"The Yu family has too much ambition. After this auction, let's eradicate it completely."

"And we have the adult's clone coming to the scroll, and it is useless to let him stand in the tyrannical Samsung Fighting Immortal." The city owner said slightly.

"Master Shengming." The soldier smiled when he heard the words.

"Go on, be vigilant these few days, you still have to look like you should." City Lord Zaidu said.

After speaking, the soldier disappeared without a trace, leaving the city lord alone.

"Even I am quite moved by the things in this auction, but in order to participate in our Eastern Continent Ratio, I can only give it to these little guys." After the city lord finished speaking, he slowly fell silent.