Chapter Vol 4 1462: Earth-level evil!

"咻咻!" Although the devilish giant python is composed of evil aura, after all, its strength is only in the early stage of the three-star battle of immortals, and it has no spiritual wisdom, so it is easily defeated by Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan did not obliterate it and let it follow that The chain fled back, because Xiao Yan, relying on his tyrannical soul power, found some strange aura from the chain, and that aura was probably the source of this demonic giant python.

"This cave?" The two of Xiao quietly followed the demonic python for a while, and suddenly discovered a rather strange cave.

The cave as a whole is like a circular hole, but it seems that there are extremely tyrannical sealing forces arranged around it. The devilish giant python just came to the side of the cave, and it suddenly turned into an evil chain and rushed into the cave abruptly.

"These chains..."

"I'm afraid there are some tyrannical guys in this cave." Xiao Gui followed him all the way, so he muttered softly.

"These chains are a bit interesting." After Xiao Gui said this, Xiao Yan turned his head and found some mysterious patterns on the chains. It seems that they are extremely fearful, but these chains are all rotten too seriously, I am afraid that they will be completely broken after a long time.

"Boom!"

"Go!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then the dazzling flames wrapped the two bodies, but for Xiao Gui, he is a combination of human and ghost after all, and ghosts and anger emerged from his body. Facing this evil aura, there was no such thing as too much fear.

"Wong buzzing!"

"Someone is here..."

"It's really been a long time that no new human has entered this Demon Suppression Prison. Human blood is so delicious." Just as Xiao Yan and the two were about to start, a vague voice suddenly emerged from the depths of the cave.

"Fire!" With a roar, the flames on Xiao Yan's body immediately gathered in his palm, and then he suddenly attacked the cave surrounded by chains.

"Crash!" Being hit by Xiao Yan's tyrannical blow, all the rotten chains suddenly made a trembling sound.

"Don't hide, come out." The next moment, those chains were easily destroyed by Xiao Yan's flames, so the surrounding of the cave was no longer bound by the chains, and more and more evil auras continued to emerge.

"The strength of the Sanxing Dou Xian in the early stage... I have to say, you are not small." After a while, a gloomy voice, accompanied by bursts of evil black mist, suddenly diffused from the depths of the cave.

"Don't worry... I deliberately let go of that devilish giant python. Our target is you." Xiao Yan disapproved and smiled slowly.

"Hahaha!"

"You brazen boy!"

"No one of the human beings who entered the Demon Suppression Prison the previous time came out alive." Suddenly, a black robe suddenly floated out from the depths of Shandong.

"Oh... it's actually an earth-level evil." Looking at the black-robed figure covered in evil black mist, Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised.

"You actually know the hierarchy of our alien race?"

"Who exactly are you?" In an instant, there was a tremor under the evil black mist, and he shouted angrily.

Among their extraterrestrial evil races, there are five levels of Heaven and Earth Venerable Emperors, and even the powerhouses in the Great Thousand Worlds know very little about this kind of secret.

"Now you are nothing but an energy body composed of evil auras, and you can't even be regarded as a powerhouse from outsiders."

"As for my words..."

"It's the one who sent you to hell."

"Fire Explosion!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, his whole body was flickering with fiery red flames, and he shot away at the evil black fog with a stride. The terrifying speed and the tyrannical flame on his body turned out to be the evil aura in the space that he passed along the way. They were forced to retreat.

"Good guy..."

"This flame is a bit different, but it's too whimsical to want to obliterate me. After all, this is our territory!"

"Magic Shadow!" With a cold snort, a dark cloud of air emerged from the evil black mist, and it suddenly projected towards Xiao Yan.

The dark air mass just emerged, and it suddenly turned into an old black shadow, with an extremely evil aura, and attacked Xiao Yan.

"Bang bang bang!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't dodge at all. With the power and speed of the dazzling flame, he suddenly collided with the huge black shadow, and the black shadow was easily pierced by Xiao Yan.

"Magic Hand!" Seeing this, the evil black mist immediately let out a terrifying roar, and then countless evil auras around him continued to condense, and instantly formed an evil arm with a size of hundreds of feet.

The whole body of the arm was blood red, and it seemed that it had absorbed a lot of human blood, so it just appeared, and it immediately brought a touch of extremely heavy pressure to Xiao Yan.

"The earth-level evil in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals really has something." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also stopped his body in mid-air, and then gently took off the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler behind him. A fiery red flame flashed in his pupils.

It is the power of the Great Heavenly Seed Crimson Flame.

"Magic hand, tear him apart for me!" In an instant, a short roar roared from the black mist, and then called out to the incomparably huge evil demonic hand.

When the lifeless magic hand heard the words, the palm squirmed lightly, and the moment they fell together, they all contained an extremely huge power of destruction.

"It's good to come!"

"Take me a foot!"

"Moving the Heaven Ruler!" The corners of Xiao Yan's mouth slowly wriggled, and then the flames all over his body were suddenly replaced by the flames of the Great Heaven Seed. Therefore, a dazzling light burst out from the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler in his hand, which easily swallowed the magic hand, thus Through the transfer of space, the attack was transferred to other places.

"asshole!"

"What did you do!" Realizing that the tyrannical hand was easily swallowed by Xiao Yan's flaming ruler, the evil black mist couldn't help shouting.

"You'd better take care of yourself first!" Xiao Yan raised the Eternal Fire Ruler with the flame power of the Great Heavenly Seed Crimson Flame all over his body, and forced him towards the evil black mist.

"I fought with you!" A roar like a soul beast emerged from the evil shadow, so the entire body of the evil black mist suddenly became bright, with traces of black flames, burning like a magic fire. He got up, so his speed skyrocketed, and he suddenly shot at Xiao Yan.

"Blow yourself up... It's too late!"

"One finger in the sky, call the heaven and earth!" Xiao Yan's majestic voice accompanied the power of flames from the Great Heaven Seed, and the situation completely rendered the space of several hundred meters around him into a sea of ​​fire.

With a cry of anger, countless flames suddenly condensed at Xiao Yan's pointer, and then a beam of flames that penetrated the heavens and the earth suddenly hit the evil black mist.

"Pfft!" He was hit with a finger from the sky with the blessing of Xiao Yan's great celestial seed, and the black energy in the evil black mist suddenly collapsed, and even showed signs of dissipating.

"Fall with me!"

"Susu!" Being so seriously injured, the evil black mist woman suddenly sneered coldly, and the harsh laughter made people feel chills.

"Two fingers, break the sky... disappear for me!" The next moment, looking at the evil black fog that fell into the ferocious madness, Xiao Yan's other finger was lifted, and suddenly a beam of flame stronger than before, easily Pierce through the void and hit the evil black mist suddenly.

In an instant, this dignified earth-level evil in the middle stage of the Three-Star Battle of Immortals was completely dissipated in Xiao Yan's hands.

And with the fall of this guy, in Xiao Yan's arms, on top of a jade stone, a number "110" suddenly appeared.

​​

​​