Chapter 458: Break into the Charm Snake Tribe!

The sky is slowly getting darker. Although it is a desert, the night is not the same as ordinary land.

On the land of an ordinary continent, the night is almost dark, and the temperature will decrease, but in the desert, because the temperature is too high, even at night, the temperature is naturally much higher than that of the land, but the view is the same darkness, which is enough. .

"Get ready, it's almost time." Under the desert, Tang Tang used his strength to probe the surroundings slightly and then spoke slowly.

"Let's go, I have the protection of my soul power, I really can't do it anymore." Xiao Yan first came to the desert ground, and then Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"Yes." Mu Yingying and Xiao Yi and the others on the side looked at Xiao Yan, then broke out of the ground, exposed in the desert.

The group of people slowly walked towards the towering city wall of dozens of meters!

"What is that..." Above the city wall, the Snake Guards who were constantly patrolling seemed to have noticed a few light spots where Xiao Yan and the others appeared and disappeared, and immediately opened their mouths slightly.

"Hey, how about a few drinks after a shift change?"

"I heard that there are some fresh human women just recently... Hehe, that taste..." Another Snake Guard next to him said, and the Snake Guard's eyes were already full of some evil taste.

"Okay." Snake Guard responded.

"Let's go, let's go, don't linger, it's almost time for the shift." The excited snake guard pulled another snake guard away.

"I always feel that something is wrong... Well, forget it, let's go." The vigilant snake guard finally found no abnormality. After changing the shift for another snake man, he left the city wall.

"Be careful, there is an extremely powerful force hidden in this Charming Snake Tribe, and that force even fears me." Tang Tang and his party just hid their breath and came to the bottom of the city wall, Tang Tang said.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan heard the words, and a huge soul force emerged instantly, and then slowly wrapped a group of seven people.

"This kid has such a terrifying soul power..." The scarred man immediately wrapped himself up when he saw the sticky invisible power in front of him.

With the wrapping of Xiao Yan's soul power, Wu Yu can feel that his power has been concealed by Xiao Yan's soul power!

And the figure seems to have become extremely transparent!

With such an appearance, even if one walks directly into this Charming Snake Tribe, someone who is not as powerful as Xiao Yan will definitely not be able to find it.

The next moment, seven figures instantly flew into the sky, and then slowly moved towards the city wall.

The seven figures slowly lifted into the air, at an extremely slow speed. Although they were already wrapped in Xiao Yan's enormous soul power, they still had to be careful just in case.

"What a wonderful power...Is this the so-called soul power..." Mu Yingying immediately smiled when she saw that the Snake Guards on patrol did not notice them at all.

"Strange...how come there is always a sense of unease in my heart." Xiao Yan said slightly in his heart, but then he couldn't care about so much. The movement in the snake tribe, once there is any trouble, Xiao Yan will run away without hesitation!

After all, this is the Charming Snake Tribe, and the powerhouses are like clouds. I am afraid that with Xiao Yan and his team, it is still difficult to forcibly break through the Charming Snake Tribe.

Through the city wall, the Charming Snake Tribe was brightly lit and very quiet at this time. Some huge buildings appeared in the city, and the city seemed to hide some kind of atmosphere.

"This method is indeed feasible!" Xiao Yan and his party got closer and closer to the city wall, only to realize the horror of the city wall!

The city wall presents a square shape, and it is conservatively estimated that the length of the square city is about tens of kilometers!

Nearly ten kilometers of city walls surrounded the city in the center, and Xiao Yan and the others felt a sense of sternness.

"The buildings of the snake people are quite the same as their pupils. They are all square, but I don't know what it is for..." The coyote took a careful look at the huge building in the distance and said.

"Since it is the Charming Snake Tribe, it must have something to do with their power. Be careful, don't get lost." Tang Tangbei's lips moved slightly, and then her beautiful eyes kept turning.

At this time, Xiao Yan and the others had already arrived at the city wall dozens of meters high. After they came here and the height was below zero, they realized how sensible it was that they didn't force their way in at first!

Above the square city wall, there is a signal tower every 500 meters!

Under the cover of the towering city wall, the signal tower would not have been found if it was not at a height below zero!

Therefore, Xiao Yan and the others secretly rejoiced.

If you want to break into the Charming Snake Tribe, there are countless powerhouses in the Charming Snake Tribe alone, not to mention the existence of this signal tower, which can make these powerhouses come at the first time. It's not that easy to leave.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan held his breath, and the next moment, an even larger soul force emerged, attached to the whole group!

Breaking through this heavily guarded city wall is only the first one. Entering the Charming Snake Tribe and crossing through the Charming Snake Tribe is not unusually difficult!

Therefore, Xiao Yan did not dare to take it lightly, and did not hesitate to generate a huge soul force. Otherwise, the first city wall guard alone would not be able to break through, and the plan of this trip would only end in failure.

"Shabu Shabu!" Hearing the words, the six people on the side looked at each other in a deep voice, and then their breaths converged to the extreme. Under the wrapping of Xiao Yan's huge soul power, they quietly stepped into the city wall!

"Who?" Xiao Yan stepped onto the rock of the city wall with the first step, and a cold snort came instantly, and then an enchanting snake girl glared at the place where Xiao Yan and the others stepped.

"Damn it...Is it exposed..." The coyote sighed slightly, then his breath just wanted to skyrocket, but he was instantly suppressed by Xiao Yan!

"Illusion... Maybe I'm too tired recently The Snake Woman stared at the edge of the city wall tightly, and left here after touching it for a few minutes, murmured in the corner of her mouth.

"Huhuhu..." As the snake girl left, the group of seven slowly took a breath.

"It really scared me to death just now." The coyote said in shock.

"These snake people are extremely disciplined, they will confirm the number of people and exchange information every minute!"

"Once there is any trouble, it will be discovered by them!"

"One minute is not enough for us to pass this Charming Snake Tribe." Xiao Yan explained when he saw that the coyote was in danger.

"Just now, I thanked Brother Xiao Yan, otherwise, once I started, I'm afraid we would have been exposed to the broad daylight." The coyote looked at Xiao Yan gratefully.

"Let's go, there's not too much aura here. After all, this is only the edge of the city wall, and the person responsible for guarding the city is vigilant."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But our next step is to traverse the Charming Snake Tribe, and we will inevitably get in touch with the strong men of the Charming Snake Tribe..."

"Remember then, don't fight!" Tang Tang said solemnly.

After Tang Tang finished speaking, the six people around them all looked seriously at the huge city in the depths of the Charming Snake Tribe not far away!

They all know that there will be no peace and quiet in the future, and the real moment of life and death has come!

Ask for tickets!