Chapter Vol 4 2144: Hope to join forces!

The sky was dead silent for a while, and then it returned to its original appearance.

"Ancient head, are you alright?"

Yao Tianmo instantly lifted Gu Xingtian up, and immediately said with a very strange expression, handed a delicate and small high-level medicinal pill in his hand and sent it to him.

Now it is no longer necessary to care about the preciousness of this seventh-grade immortal-rank medicinal pill. If they lose this battle, I am afraid that they will never be able to turn around!

"His power is definitely not like the ordinary double reincarnation."

Gu Xingtian shook his head and swallowed the medicinal pill in one fell swoop. The gentle and pure power melted away. With his own traction, he stabilized the power of reincarnation in his body.

But there was a trace of blood and deep meaning in his eyes.

When the strong fight against each other, just one blow is enough to know the difference!

Although he didn't use 100% of his strength in the fight with Blake just now, he used at least 60% of his strength. On the other hand, Blake did the same.

In such a situation, his own defeat made Gu Xingtian's expression even more solemn.

It seems that Black, as the head of the Holy See Cardinal Archbishop, still has his own pride.

"There is still a chance, with our many reincarnations and the Eight Star Douxian Perfection and other powerhouses to join forces, the final blow."

The elders of the Supreme Being on the side frowned and leaned over.

At this moment, only through this most primitive method, the power of everyone can be gathered into one person to fight against Black!

And among the crowd, Gu Xingtian, the strongest, who has just entered the double reincarnation level, and the strength of so many strong men, has just had a chance to compete with Black. Besides, I am afraid that no one can compete with its confrontation.

"give it to me."

Gu Xingtian nodded, his voice was extremely old, his fists were clenched tightly, and a sense of righteousness emerged.

"Little guy, you are a descendant of the Xiao clan, the demon of light will ask you."

Gu Xingtian said softly to Xiao Yan, the meaning of the words was very clear.

"Yep."

Xiao Yan nodded, there was no need to forcefully act as a hero at this time, and Xiao Yan's main purpose was the demon of light.

If they defeated Black, they would naturally be happy, but if they lost, that ending would undoubtedly cost too much.

"Just a bunch of self-righteous idiots."

"Today, this bishop will not only kill the demon of light completely, but even everyone present will fall with her."

"Holy guard, kill me!"

"Kill all the heretics who have dissent towards my Holy See!"

The deafening sound fell from the sky, making countless people's hearts extremely heavy.

"Kill kill kill!"

With Black's order, the densely packed Vatican guards soared into the air like a killing machine. The speed was extremely fast. The light energy on the body burst out, and instantly launched a deadly attack on the powerhouse of the ancient race below. attack.

"Crash!"

The momentum was huge, and the two sides were completely fighting together at this moment. The scene was extremely hot, and the entire holy city was filled with an extremely uneasy tremor.

"Go ahead, this is our last chance to strike!"

The seven reincarnations, plus the powerhouses of the ancient races, etc., all those with the strength of the eight-star Dou Xian or above, the profound fighting qi in the body burst out at the same time, and instantly gathered in the sky and void, vaguely transformed into a scene of the sword of the sky. , gathered in front of Gu Xingtian.

Its range is more than ten thousand zhang, and the entire holy city is imprisoned in the void, the power rolls, condenses, and gathers countless profound energies.

On the other side, the five angel wings behind Blake also started to incite, and the ripples of light overflowed, echoing the scorching sun above the sky, as if a touch of special sacred energy from the far side of the starry sky was slowly coming.

"Sure enough... it's still the same."

"You shouldn't have come."

"I'm just a heretic with a serious crime, not worth it."

The Demon of Light was on top of the cross, with a trembling body, a trace of blood dripping from the corners of her mouth, and her pale face looked extremely weak. When she watched the fight between Gu Xingtian and Blake, she couldn't help trembling.

"let me help you."

Xiao Yan appeared directly beside the Demon of Light, and a dazzling power emerged, trying to shatter the cross cage and rescue the Demon of Light.

"Bold!"

At this time, the priestess Yuri stopped in front of Xiao Yan, and the strength of the Eight Star Dou Xian in the later stage was majestic.

"Go away!"

A roar swept out from Xiao Yan's chest, and the incomparably fierce wind suddenly shook him back dozens of meters, and he walked away from the cage of the cross step by step.

"Tear it off!"

He touched the sacred chains on the cross with his palms, a strong sacred aura, like a red-hot iron, savagely whipped Xiao Yan's soul, causing Xiao Yan to suffer unceasingly.

"Hoohoho!"

At that time, the demonic power in Xiao Yan's body was automatically protected, and it burst out directly. In conjunction with the power of the holy flame, it suppressed it in one fell swoop, and the sacred chains also began to melt.

"Five-winged rainbow glow!"

The deep voice boiled like a flood of beasts. Suddenly, outside the entire holy city, because the ten sacred pillars could not withstand such extreme oppression, small cracks first appeared, and after the breath, they suddenly cracked open under the gaze of everyone, and turned into powder. .

The strong men fighting below felt the two attacks that were getting stronger and stronger in the sky, and couldn't help but look up at the gap between the attacks.

I saw that the sky suddenly underwent many changes.

The originally scorching sun suddenly dimmed, the sun in the sky disappeared without a trace, and the sky was directly replaced by an endless, deep and bright starry sky!

Behind Blake, the five angel wings of God Phaeton were completely integrated with the sky and the starry sky!

In the distant starry sky, one after another vast water column suddenly appeared. Among the water column, there were graceful fairies dancing gracefully.

The dance of these graceful and graceful women is more like a kind of sacrifice, a kind of singing!

At the center of the dance of dozens of women, a ray of seven-color rainbow loomed.

When the rainbow rays of light on the other side of the starry sky appeared the entire holy mountain and holy city, flowers, plants and trees all over the place were vying to bloom, and a strong breath of life and pure texture filled the entire sky!

Everyone just felt that there was an irresistible force above their heads!

That is divine power, definitely not a power that mortals can forcefully take over!

"sky!"

"blade!!"

"Cut!!!"

In the face of such a terrifying blow, Gu Xingtian's body floated in the air, and a profound power within his body boiled together, making it temporarily reach the power of half a step third-level!

"Fall down... mortal."

Blake exuded a touch of mysterious and sacred fluctuations all over his body, looking at Xiahong on the other side of the starry sky with fiery eyes, muttering softly.

The rainbow-colored Xiahong was called by Blake and shook slightly. After the blink of an eye, it fell like a meteor, and fell from the other side of the starry sky!

Infinite divine power, accompanied by a sacred halo, is like a river of heaven, rushing from the other side of the starry sky, surrounded by rainbow rays!

"Boom!"

In the holy city sky, the two attacked and confronted, and the whole world was filled with a rather unbearable sense of laxity!

The power attack of these two is really too appalling!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: