Chapter Vol 4 2252: You're done, promise!

"The younger descendants of the Xiao family, thank the two predecessors Bodhi Patriarch and Manjushri."

As the energy in this space quieted down, Xiao Yan turned around and bowed slightly to the two Buddha statues in the center, then walked towards the ancient Bodhi tree beside him.

"Let's go, then take this thing down, and immediately set off back to the Dust Temple."

A gentle smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and then he came to the side of the ancient Bodhi tree.

"The ancient Bodhi tree, it is said that this is the tree of wisdom in the Buddha world. Countless strong people experience reincarnation under it and touch the Buddha's way. It can be said to be a symbol of the wisdom of the Buddha world."

I just came to the ancient Bodhi tree, looking at this golden ancient tree with luxuriant branches and leaves, there is actually a touch of ancient Buddhist scriptures to make up for it, which is profound.

"Soul power!"

After taking a look at the ancient Bodhi tree, Xiao Yan's inner spiritual palace surged violently, and countless soul powers were covered like a tidal wave of energy.

"This is?"

Xiao Yi was a little puzzled by this, obviously not knowing what her second brother was doing now.

"The mattress of the earth is a special medicinal material made of life energy. Its shape is like an energy dress. Only the purest power can be used to expel it from the ancient Bodhi tree."

Xiao Yan smiled slightly and explained directly, the soul power in his hand did not stop.

"Wong buzzing!"

After the Eighteen Arhats quieted down, the energy in this space was extremely gentle, and the sound of Zen was looming, making people feel like a spring breeze, and Xiao Yan was also in this situation, slowly condensing the energy Shayi.

one day.

Two days.

……

Ten days!

This process is not simple. It took ten days for the green and lush energy dress on the ancient golden Bodhi tree to show its specific outline.

"Second brother, it worked!"

At this moment, Xiao Yi said excitedly, with his sense of smell, he also smelled an extremely surging life force from this energy dress!

"Huhu."

On this day, Xiao Yan slowly opened his eyes, looked at the energy Shayi above the ancient Bodhi tree with the same joyful expression, and said with relief.

"Fire!"

When the basic outline of the earth's mattress appeared, the glazed flames invaded out of Xiao Yan's body, wrapping it tightly.

"come back."

After the rest, Xiao Yan waved his hand, and the group of medicinal materials was successfully included in the Emperor Yan Ring by himself.

The mat of the earth is indeed a true medicinal material, but elixir of this level already has different shapes, so it cannot be inferred by common sense.

"Next, there is only one last medicinal material left."

Feeling the turbulent aura of life contained on the earth's mattress energy dress, Xiao Yan's fists shrank unconsciously.

The third place on the Sacred Flame Ranking, the reincarnation flame of the Heavenly Dao, is just around the corner!

"The rest of the treasure, you can choose it at will, now there is nothing I need here."

Xiao Yan got up, put his palm on Xiao Yi, and said jokingly.

"Ah... okay."

Little Yi Junxiu's face was also a little moved, and she couldn't help but take away the bodhi beads on the palm of the ancient Bodhi tree.

"Let's go, it's time to go back."

"After this is over, follow me back to the Endless Fire Territory. You should also meet Xun'er and the others, and identify the way."

Xiao Yan said.

"Okay!"

When the words fell, Xiao Yan dragged the meteorite iron and returned to the Dust Temple along the way.

Without that kind of strange suppression, the weight of the meteorite iron dropped dramatically, so the journey was easy. As for the Green Hair Buddha, after saying goodbye, he followed Xiao Yan and went to Chen Temple.

"Master Liaochen, fortunately not to be humiliated."

Xiao Yan and the two returned to the Chen Temple, and under the guidance of some monks, they saw Master Chen again, but now that Master Chen, the Buddha beads on his palms have long since disappeared, but the rusty palms are particularly special. eye-catching.

"Two little friends, you are really hidden."

The sound of admiration from Master Chen could not stop, and he immediately looked at the meteorite iron in front of him carefully. The ancient ruler also stood in front of him together, and there was a faint resonance between the two!

"Master, how is the situation?"

He didn't rashly disturb Master Chen's exploration of the meteorite iron. After taking a breath, he watched the latter stop, as if thinking about something before Xiao Yan spoke up.

"A good piece of meteorite iron, even if those evil monsters have existed for countless years, they have not been damaged in the slightest. It's a genius!"

After investigating Master Chen, he was very excited. There is no other symbol of a Buddhist monk in this appearance.

"Grandmaster?"

Looking at the ecstatic Master Li Chen in front of him like a child, both of them were puzzled.

"Hehe, the two of you don't know, this piece of meteorite star iron is far more valuable than normal star iron. With this thing, repairing the magic ruler is just around the corner."

Master Li Chen cherishes his words like gold, and his eyes are always on the ancient ruler and meteorite iron.

"I don't know if we need to do anything?"

Xiao Yan was also slightly relieved to hear Master Chen's fiery voice. Now everything is ready, and he only owes Dongfeng. I hope that Master Chen can repair the first stage of the ancient ruler as soon as possible, and then he can also have an extra trump card. .

"unnecessary."

"You don't need to do anything."

"You can go back now."

"The repair of the divine ruler must be carried out in a very closed environment, and the time required is not short. After the repair of the divine ruler is successful, the old man will send it to your waiting house."

After thinking about it, Master Chen said.

"This?"

Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi couldn't help being a little surprised when they heard the words.

"If the donor is not at ease, this is an old relic, and you can press it to the donor."

"I was originally a monk, but I have never repaired the magic ruler. The art of repairing tools has been passed down from generation to generation, and I didn't expect my generation to be cut off..."

Master Lichen nodded slowly, and a golden relic appeared from his chest.

"Master doesn't have to be like this We naturally believe in you." Seeing this, Xiao Yan said with relief.

"It's as short as a few years, as long as decades, and the old man will definitely return this thing perfectly."

Master Li Chen vanished the source of the relic, and his voice suddenly sounded mighty.

"Boom!"

At this moment, a gust of wind was blowing outside the Liaochen Temple, and the huge body of the blue-haired Buddha lion poured into it.

"Since that's the case, then I'll just wait for the good news from the master."

Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi stepped on the back of the green-haired Buddha lion at the same time, and left facing the void of the Buddha world. They had no special power. They had to use the divine beast like the green-haired Buddha lion to leave here and return to the endless fire domain.

"Let's go, it's time to have it."

"My wish is to see the birth and radiance of the divine artifact. I never thought that the old man would still encounter such an opportunity in his later years..."

"My Buddha is compassionate."

"Come here, start the underground temple, this time, I will create a precedent in this world!"

"I just don't know which magic ruler this magic ruler is."

The voice fell, and Master Lu Chen also started the tedious process of repairing the ancient ruler, while Xiao Yan and the two, under the leadership of the blue-haired Buddha lion, stepped through the void and prepared to return to the endless fire domain.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: