Chapter Vol 4 1011: information

At this time, the leaders of the Burning Incense Pavilion troop, located several kilometers away from the hill, gathered around and seemed to be discussing something.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"There seems to be a heaven-shattering battle in the hills ahead?" At this time, Mu Feng said slightly, obviously with his powerful Yin-Yang method, even at such a long distance, he could vaguely sense something.

"I also felt it. It seemed that a very strong battle broke out in front of me, because I felt the extremely hot battle fluctuations, and there was one thing that I was very familiar with. The aura was even a bit like the aura of my senior brother Mu Tianyuan, but it was just that. It's too far apart, I'm not sure..." At this time, Qin Xin also spoke slowly.

Qinxin was directly accepted as a disciple by Qing Lao, the deputy head of the Tiandian Temple, so she could be regarded as a person from the Tiandian Temple, and she was naturally very familiar with the aura of the senior brother Mu Tianyuan.

"You can't sense it wrong, right?"

"The ghost energy in front of you is too big, and the impact on perception is too great, why didn't I feel it?" At this time, several other powerhouses also said, and the one who spoke at this time was Wang Chen, the fifth senior brother of the ground hall, Wang Chen. Chen's current strength has also completely reached the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation. It can be said that he is a powerful group of people in the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"I noticed it too." At this time, the third senior brother of the Earth Palace, Zhang Wumeng, also looked into the distance and spoke slowly.

"Me too," said Xingyu, the fourth senior brother of the Earth Hall.

The fourth senior brother of the Earth Hall has already stepped into the half-step Seven Star Dou Emperor, while the third senior brother Zhang Wumeng has stepped into the real Seven Star Dou Emperor early stage. Among this group of people, the two are the most powerful.

"In that case, I'll go take a look, you guys stay here and take charge of our large army of Burning Incense Pavilion." The next moment, Mu Feng spoke directly.

"It's too dangerous. Even me is troubled by that aura. You go alone, I'm not at ease." As soon as Mu Feng finished speaking, Zhang Wumeng shook his head and said, he is responsible for the safety of these disciples, so he absolutely does not It would be dangerous to let anyone go.

"Don't worry, even if I can't beat them, I can still escape."

"And the people of the Xuanling royal family are eyeing us, we can't separate too much power."

"I'll come as soon as I go." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he immediately hid his breath and headed towards the hill.

"Everyone is on alert. Once you find any trouble, report it immediately!" As Mu Feng left, a series of orders were also arranged by Ling Xuan in an orderly manner.

At this time, on the hill, Xiao Yan and his party became quiet after defeating the members of the Xuanling Royal Family.

"Senior Brother, are you all right?" In the light curtain barrier, Xiao Yan and the others also asked slowly.

"Hey, we're fine."

"When I first entered the blood river, because the teleportation formation was separated from you, I immediately went to find some treasures. When I was hunting a demon beast, I was taken advantage of by the Xuanling royal family Ertian and Santian. With the current scene." Senior Brother Mu Tianyuan said with a smile.

"It's fine."

"What about our big army of Burning Incense Pavilion?" Xiao Yan seemed to be thinking of something and asked.

"Don't worry about this, in order to prevent the Xuanling Royal Family from taking action on our large army, among them, there is a seven-star Dou Emperor early stage and a half-step seven-star Dou Emperor strong escort, although it is not as good as us, but in the blood river first. The first floor is enough to protect oneself." Mu Tianyuan seemed to see Xiao Yan's concerns, said Mu Tianyuan.

"Hehe, it's still big brother who has a heart."

"However, it should be a deadly battle with the Xuanling royal family in the near future. At that time, I hope the big brother will shoulder the control of the large army. After all, I am not good at that kind of commanding other people's battles. If I command randomly, it will hurt them." Xiao Yan grinned.

"Okay, among the disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family, except for the top powerhouses, we can handle others." Mu Tianyuan heard the words and knew that Xiao Yan did not deliberately shirk, but was really not good at it.

"Don't worry, Xiao Yi and I will naturally deal with those powerhouses of the Xuanling royal family." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Junior brother, no matter when, don't forget there are us."

"Although our strength is not as tyrannical as yours, I, the dignified man of Fenxiang Pavilion, have always been afraid of the word." Mu Tianyuan said impassively.

"Yes!" Xiao Yan also nodded heavily.

"Ah, our little junior sister still has this kind of short blade." It seemed that when Xiao Yan said this, the only woman among the seven people in the hall laughed directly. Obviously, he had noticed from the situation just now. There is some vague relationship between Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan.

"Uh..." Seeing Luan Yu constantly chatting and laughing with Xiao Yan, even Mu Yingying, who was always indifferent, flashed a little chill in her beautiful eyes.

"There are some things that you need to grasp and fight for yourself. Otherwise, it will be a pity if you miss it." Luan Yu also looked at Mu Yingying and said meaningfully.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Since it's all right, then when we discuss the Land of Sacred Flame, we'll go look for the big troops." In order to resolve the embarrassment, Yan Chi coughed a few times and hurriedly changed the subject.

Originally, this silly little sister of mine had promised to leave with her after the sect competition, but looking at her appearance, I am afraid that things will not be so simple.

"Where is this Holy Flame Land?" As Yan Chi opened his mouth, everyone's eyes shifted slightly to him.

Although Yan Chi can't use his own power now, his familiarity with the blood river is probably too much stronger than their disciples.

"The land of holy flame, in the core area of ​​the blood river... is also the place where Senior Brother Yintong fell..." Yan Chi said with a little regret and hunger.

"Senior Brother Yintong..." Xiao Yan murmured after hearing this.

"He is the legend of our Burning Incense Pavilion, and he is even more proud, but I don't know why the previous time..." Mu Tianyuan said emotionally.

"Eldest brother..." And seeing this appearance A few people in the Tiandian hurriedly said safety.

"There are rumors in the outside world that almost all of our Fenxiang Pavilion disciples fell last time, all because of Senior Brother Yintong, but I don't believe it." Mu Tianyuan said directly.

"Since I don't believe it, then this time, we will not only clear up the old and new hatred that the Xuanling royal family owes us, but also thoroughly clarify the secret and give justice to senior brother." Xiao Yan directly supported the big brother. Senior brother Mu Tianyuan's shoulder, and then smiled.

"You..." Mu Tianyuan was stunned by Xiao Yan's behavior. Obviously, this little junior brother didn't even ask a question, he just believed his own words.

"Okay, have ambition."

"Next, I'll tell you what you need to pay attention to this time in the Holy Flame Land." Seeing this, Yan Chi couldn't help but feel relieved.

"This time, the land of holy flame is in the core area of ​​the blood river. The land of holy flame will be opened every hundred years. I don't know what happened in the previous sect competition. The large army of Burning Incense Pavilion entered it, so very few people knew the specific situation."

"And the land of holy flames, of course, has the existence of holy flames, but something like holy flames can be said to be something that can only be followed and cannot be forced."

"But there is one thing I would like to remind you of, I have been fortunate enough to enter the land of holy flames, and the land of holy flames seems to be extremely uneven..."

"In other words, the land of holy flames once possessed the aura of an alien race..." Yan Chi's voice was like a dazzling voice, shocking everyone!

: . :