Chapter Vol 4 1895: Tianyuan battlefield, deep behind the enemy!

It has been a month since the summoning of the monster army, and tomorrow is the best time to set off and enter the ancient battlefield. For a time, the entire Myriad Monster Nation is filled with silence.

"Dong dong dong!" At this time, a soft knock on the door rang out in Xiao Yan's mansion.

"Come in." Xiao Yan had just withdrawn from the cultivation state and wondered, but through his huge soul power, he could clearly detect that there were several figures outside the house.

"Respected Master Yaoshuai, we are ordered by the Demon King to bring you some things." The visitor was a slender woman who was as attractive as a stunner. The stone boxes stand behind it.

"What is this?" Although Xiao Yan was surprised, he pretended to be calm on the surface.

With such means as the Demon King, Xiao Yan naturally knew that something important might happen next, but to receive some remuneration, Xiao Yan would also be willing to do things for the Demon King. Only the Guards can find the trace of the Heisha Dragon Wolf.

However, Xiao Yan's journey to the demon world after finding the Black Evil Dragon and Wolf was only on the right track, otherwise it would still be a waste of time.

"This is the evil crystal demon block you needed before, lord. With it, you can be protected from the attacks of some extraterritorial evil races or ignore them."

"This is a sixth-grade immortal-rank medicinal pill, a bad-breaking pill. After taking it, it can maintain the eight-star fighting immortal strength of a stick of incense."

"And a protective armor of immortal armor can greatly increase your defense strength." The enchanting woman said softly, and suddenly three stone boxes were slowly placed at the door of the house, and she laughed softly.

"Sixth Grade Immortal Rank Elixir?"

"Defense-level Immortal Armor?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

The alchemist in the demon world, I am afraid that the entire demon world is only three digits, and the medicinal pill is the most precious thing in the demon world, the sixth-rank immortal rank, not to mention the effect of this medicinal herb, just this level The elixir is enough to show that the Wan Yaowang holds Xiao Yan very seriously.

"Demon King, let us tell you that we will set off tomorrow to enter the ancient battlefield. I hope Lord Yaoshuai Xiao Yan can lead by example."

"My subordinates retire." After the guards finished speaking, they also left here with everyone, but at the same time, Tianhu Yaoshuai was exactly the same as Xiao Yan, but what Tianhu Yaoshuai got was obviously not as good as Xiao Yan's. .

"Tsk tsk... It's really a big hand."

"I want to see what medicine is sold in the Ten Thousand Demon King's gourd." Xiao Yan finished speaking, slowly put away the things, and carefully adjusted his breath.

With the defense of this fairy armor, I am afraid that the powerhouses under the eight stars will not be able to cause fatal damage to Xiao Yan. With this medicinal herb, I am afraid that this battle on the battlefield, Xiao Yan will really emerge many killers!

The night slowly faded away, and soon the sun rose, and a new day began.

"Da da da!" As soon as dawn arrived, an unusually harsh howl suddenly sounded like an army order, rendering the entire city.

Immediately, the entire Ten Thousand Monster Nation began to get busy, and the monsters in uniforms left their tents in an orderly manner, and then gathered towards the army!

The same is Wan Yao Square!

It's just that this time, it's not the crowd of people watching, but every monster's face, with a hint of seriousness of the same enemy, their eyes are full of energy, and in an instant they are a neat formation. At the front of each square, the captains of the monsters stand beside them!

There are hundreds of squads like this, and the gathering here are 50,000 elite monsters!

The 50,000 monsters have the lowest strength of Dou Xian, and the strongest ones are basically around the six-star level, while the seven-star Dou Xian has a total of more than 20 people, standing in the strongest square of the square team.

At the forefront of these magnificent teams, a figure above the heavens and the earth, accompanied by several powerful guys, stood side by side!

Demon King!

The three elders are handsome!

The new two monster handsome!

As for the other veteran demon generals and newcomer demon generals, they slowly mixed into the demon beast squad to maintain order.

"Everyone." Looking at the huge army with fierce eyes in front of him, the voice of the Ten Thousand Demon King was filled with an extremely tyrannical oppression, like the sound of thunder, resounding throughout the Ten Thousand Demons Square.

"The King of Ten Thousand Demons!" As the King of Ten Thousand Demons spoke, the mighty voice behind him, like a thunderous sound, sounded slowly.

"I, the Demon King of Ten Thousand Demons, is a subordinate who swears allegiance to Lord Heisha Longlang. Now Lord Heisha Longlang is nowhere to be seen, and his personal guards are in danger in order to resist the other nine powerhouses. It is us, the peaceful land behind us, the homeland behind us that we are lazy to survive, and the brothers and sisters in our respective families. At that time, I am afraid that our Wan Yao Kingdom will also face the situation of being bloodbathed by other forces. ."

"Everyone said, where should we go now?" The voice of the Ten Thousand Demon King reached the ears of every monster, deeply touching the last line of defense in their hearts!

"war!"

"war!"

"Battle!!" After a short pause, in the Ten Thousand Demons Square, countless demonic energy of each color spread out from the bodies of 50,000 demonic beasts, and the demonic energy surged into the sky, like a real doomsday furnace!

"Okay!"

"This king will accompany you to fight personally this time!"

"The pattern of the demon world is up to us to rewrite!"

"Even if you fight the last soldier, it is absolutely impossible to surrender!"

"We are the most loyal subordinates and subjects of Lord Demon Emperor."

"Invincible in battle and invincible in attack!" Every word and every sentence of the Wan Yaowang touched the hearts of fifty thousand monsters. Now that the military spirit is high, it is the best time to enter the ancient battlefield.

"The soldiers of the three armies obey the order!" In an instant, the Wan Yaowang suddenly transformed, and his voice became extremely cold, like a life and death judge.

"The King of Ten Thousand Demons!" The three soldiers roared at the same time, the momentum was huge, and the scene was heart-pounding.

"Xiao Yan Yaoshuai, Tianhu Yaoshuai, come out and obey orders!" Wan Yaowang said coldly.

"My subordinates are here!" Xiao Yan and Tianhu looked at each other, then walked away from the front of the formation, clasped their fists and faced the King of Ten Thousand Demons.

"I will give you two thousand elites, ten seven-star fighting immortals, enter the Tianyuan battlefield among the ten major battlefields, go deep behind the enemy to attack the army of the evil-eyed demon king, do not seek to dominate the enemy, but must delay their travel time, for the sake of Let's save the Guards to buy time, is there any problem with UU reading www.uukanshu.com?" The Demon King said coldly.

"Do you contain the enemy?"

"But with these elites, my subordinates may try to solve them!" Xiao Yan laughed slowly, the arrogance in his voice was hard to contain!

"Xiao Yan Yaoshuai, the army is very disciplined, no jokes can be tolerated!" At this time, Snake Shuai, one of the three elders, gave a friendly reminder, but in his heart he was secretly amazed at the cleverness of the Wan Yaowang's trick. .

"I know, so what I'm talking about now is something that must be accomplished." Xiao Yan responded in the same way, looking directly at the Demon King of Ten Thousand Demons, as if showing his own heritage.

"If it fails?" Wan Yaowang asked.

"I, Xiao Yan, are willing to issue a military order. If I fail, I will die here!" Xiao Yan's voice resounded in everyone's hearts like a thunder!

"Okay!" Wan Yaowang hit it off and laughed wildly.

"Xiao Yan is a handsome monster!" Many of the monster troops who were dispatched to follow Xiao Yan from the rear looked at Xiao Yan's figure and couldn't help roaring.

With this commander in chief, why worry?

"Then the king wished Xiao Yan Yaoshuai a victory!"

"Let's go!" With an order, the Wan Yaowang waved his hand, and a space crack in the size of ten thousand zhang swept out!

In that space crack, the scarlet demonic energy rising into the sky, as well as a trace of extremely thin but extremely evil evil power!

At this moment, the army of fifty thousand demon beasts in the Ten Thousand Demon Nation split into two separate paths and left to face the ancient battlefield.

And at this moment, the real battle in the demon world has also started completely. In the battle between the strongest under the three demon emperors and the seven demon kings, who is the final winner?

Let's wait and see!

Oops

I'm off

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: