Chapter Vol 4 2154: Guard Archangel's personal guard, 7-wing Mira...

Just as the battle in the Holy See Holy City in Douyun Continent was intensifying, the distant kingdom of heaven.

Kingdom of Angels.

Here are beautiful palaces standing above the clouds. Most of the palaces are shining with silver, and even the ghosts of angels are carved on the palaces, adding countless sacred and aesthetic atmospheres to them.

At this time, inside a guard hall.

The whole body is snow-white, and the white mist is looming, just like a fairyland on earth. There are not too many luxurious things in the palace. There are only a few white jade stone platforms, bookshelves, desks and other objects, which look like a library. .

"Lord Guardian Angel, all the ancient books have been moved to the main hall, please take a look."

The two angels, holy shadows, with their ethereal breaths, appeared in the palace at the same time.

"Where are you going?"

"Is there anything else?" The archangel sitting on the desk said softly, his voice was quite pleasant, and there was an extremely mysterious magic power in it!

"It seems that someone in the lower world is using the power of light to call us, do you see?"

The figure behind the archangel whispered.

"Go ahead."

"Yes." The voice fell, and the woman in white also started to move. The moving position was Douyun Continent!

However, before he left, he glanced at the Guardian Angel, who was quietly sitting in front of the desk. It seemed that a beautiful scroll of pictures was lingering on his slender wrist.

On the picture scroll, there is a man. The man is quite thin. He looks no different from ordinary humans. The only difference is that he carries a huge black ruler behind him.

But she knew that the man on the picture scroll was listed by the Queen of Angels as a guy with a very noble status in the kingdom of angels, and his status is probably self-evident.

……

At the same time, the catastrophe of Dou Di Continent finally ushered in the last moment.

"Teacher, I will gather the three evil soldiers in your hands and several kinds of holy flames in my hands. Can you temporarily stop this angel?"

Xiao Yan frowned, holding the ancient ruler in his hand, and said solemnly.

The Eternal Ruler is a divine weapon, but it is in a broken state. Its strength is not even comparable to that of the Infinite Shield. Obviously, the damage is extremely serious.

"I'm afraid it will be difficult."

"The angel family has lived in the kingdom of angels for a long time. Although the fighting power is not strong, it is for the top strong. In reincarnation, the power of angels is still difficult to stop."

"The demon emperor's strength has not yet recovered, and even if I join forces with him, we will not be able to resist the coercion of the sixth-order angel."

Soul Eater's eyes flashed with a hint of coldness, staring at the huge light and shadow that was constantly rising and gathering on the ocean of light in the distance.

At the same time, the light and shadow on the bright ocean finally appeared brilliantly under the interweaving of countless six-pointed star formations.

The momentum is huge, as if the gods came to the world, and it actually caused the whole world to hum, and countless holy lights fell from the illusory light and shadow together, like pieces of the sun's holy fire, cleaning some of the filth in the world.

That kind of strength, actually...

Sixth tier!

However, this reincarnation is not another reincarnation. In front of this angel, the illusory five-level order similar to the Pope is as ridiculous as an ant.

It seems that the sixth-order angels who have come here now are suffocating with their tyrannical strength and combat effectiveness!

"Miffel, why are you calling this seat?"

The high-pitched voice of the Holy Spirit washed out from the sky above the bright ocean. Obviously there was no strong fluctuation of power, but it revealed a holy breath that was enough to purify all evils in the world. Under this power, the demonic power in Xiao Yan's body Don't dare to make any changes.

"Your Excellency Angel, the demon emperor of the demon world has attacked from the sky, destroying many forces of our Holy See branch, please call the shots for our Douyun Continent Holy See branch!"

Miffel saluted extremely reverently and roared.

"Whoa!"

The angel of light and shadow raised his jade hand and waved it abruptly at Miffel. Immediately, the divine power diffused from the golden blood was suddenly swallowed up by countless threads of light, and Miffel recovered from the dying state.

"Demon Emperor, why are you?"

After doing all this, the angel of light and shadow, Xianziweiya, murmured with a jade color, and it turned out that she slowly revealed her true face.

Everyone looked up, and saw a suffocatingly beautiful woman from the dust, pouring into their sight.

A touch of pure white light shrouded the woman's delicate and delicate body, and her long hair was dragged to her waist like silk. She was wearing a pure white angel dress, and there were even strands of beautiful angels on the skirt. Soul shadows surround it!

What's more important is that behind this girl, a pair of huge white wings are natural and extremely shocking!

Counting it carefully, it actually has seven wings?

Seven-winged white angel of the kingdom of angels?

In the sense of strength, the sixth-level reincarnation level strength?

"The kingdom of angels, the personal bodyguard of the archangel of the patrol?"

The demon emperor took one step forward, and endless fighting intent swept out, even a drop of golden blood in the depths of his body squirmed, and an indescribable monstrous divine power swept out.

The weak fifth-level is to deal with the sixth-level, and it has to protect many human beings. The pressure of the demon emperor doubled for a time.

"The power of the divine way?"

Feeling the ripples of golden energy, the angel girl rolled her eyes, raised her delicate face slightly, and looked at the golden blood rising from the demon emperor's body.

Even in the face of the tyrannical overlord of the demon world, this angel girl did not have any panic. In the white halo, her face was calm and serene, and above the light-colored eyes, the slender eyelashes flickered slightly.

The power of the divine path is also the most powerful power in the entire Daqian world, and even angels are afraid of it, but the angel girl just glanced at it and knew that the demon emperor was weak now.

"Demon Emperor, there is no need to explain things today."

"Follow me back to the kingdom of angels, we will investigate the innocence of the matter and make a judgment by ourselves in the kingdom of angels."

"If you are not guilty, we are willing to apologize in person, but if you knowingly commit the crime, I am afraid that this time, even the entire demon world will not be able to hinder the anger of our angel family."

"The Holy See is the power of the lower realm assigned by our angel kingdom. We have been a whole since ancient times and are inseparable."

The elegant voice swept out with endless anger!

At this moment, the heaven and the earth were silent, and the fighting qi and fighting cores in countless people's bodies were instantly frozen, and fighting techniques could not work The soul power in the body was like a frozen ice sculpture, which could not be used.

"It's just the guards in the district. Even when I'm weak, let the blazing angels in your kingdom of angels say this."

"Just relying on you is not enough!"

The mighty voice emerged from the Demon Emperor's mouth, and it seemed extremely arrogant in this quiet world!

Although the strength of this guardian angel is not cheap, it has not yet reached the level that makes the demon emperor fear!

"Since you insist on doing this, it's up to me."

"Guardian of the Angel National Guard, Mira."

"Come and meet you for a while."

After the angel girl Mira finished speaking, the seven angel wings behind her stirred up at the same time, like a light pink butterfly, suddenly shot down from the ocean of light and swept towards the demon emperor.

"Whoa!"

When the demon emperor saw this, he suddenly grabbed his palm, and an endless arrogance roared out.

"Light Holy Power - Light Forbidden!"

Seeing the Demon Emperor carrying such a terrifying attack, Mira's beautiful eyes slowly closed, her hands closed, and the corners of her mouth began to sing in a low voice, praying devoutly!

"This bastard!"

"Actually received the blessing of the Guard Archangel!!!"

Seeing Mira's actions like this, his attack was insignificant, and the Demon Emperor was full of anger like a volcano, and it erupted completely. .

The demon emperor, whose strength has not yet returned to the peak, is still extremely difficult to deal with such a seven-winged angel who possesses the power of a true angel!

Not to mention the sixth-order rank ordered by the archangel, it would be a disaster!