Chapter Vol 4 1507: Lost the boulder?

"Boom!" At this time, in the Holy Flame Space, with Xiao Yan Huoyan Feiyan and the red resentment attacking together suddenly, the battle situation suddenly became anxious.

Both of them could not help but take dozens of steps back to prevent being affected by the dazzling energy ripples, and in the mid-air of the Holy Flame Space, the fiery rock crimson flame and the red resentful spirit turned out to be at a stalemate for a while. The power of flames and eerie powers continue to emerge, making people shudder.

"Boom!" In an instant, two strong energy ripples flew towards the holy flame space like a tide, and the magnificent scene was extremely terrifying.

"Hahaha!"

"Let's see how you deal with it!"

"Soul Mang!" Seeing Xiao Yan's distraction fighting against the red resentful spirit, Soul Nie couldn't help laughing, his aura was soaring, and the black knife in his hand was only held in a black palm, whistling towards Xiao Yan. Come.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan controlled the two types of flames in his body while urging Fen Jue to deliver Dou Qi to the fire lotus seeds. When he saw the aggressive attack of the ghosts, Xiao Yan asked in doubt.

"Hey!" After a while, the body of Soul Evil came to Xiao Yan instantly, and then on the black knife in his hand, countless eerie and eerie runes emerged, holding his strength, he suddenly slashed towards Xiao Yan.

"Shabu Shabu!" The black knife was an immortal weapon tempered from the soul body. Xiao Yan naturally did not dare to take it lightly.

"Soul King Thorn!" After a short while, seeing Xiao Yan's fighting consciousness so tyrannical, that he was able to deal with such a tyrannical attack with ease, Soul Evil immediately snorted coldly.

"Boom!" As the voice of the soul fell, a circle of black runes on the black knife jumped extremely eerily, and then turned into a gloomy beam of dozens of meters. One can't help but shudder when one sees it.

"What the **** are these guys in the Soul Hall collecting the soul body and the power of faith for..."

"It stands to reason that the strongest of their Soul Palace and Soul Clan can't reach my level."

"And I vaguely remember that I learned some information about the Soul Palace by a certain chance. They collected the soul body and the power of faith, and they seemed to be serving others." After a while, the Lord of Soul Eater slowed down. He spoke slowly, his voice full of doubts.

"Serve others?"

"Extraterritorial evil clan or sin?" Xiao Yan looked at such a tyrannical offensive spirit and whispered.

"None of them... It seems to be other forces. Unfortunately, I didn't go into it at the beginning, otherwise I would definitely be able to dig out this secret." The Lord of Soul Eater shook his head.

"Xiao Yan, let this deity die!" As the dark blue light beam emanating from the black knife reached the zero boundary point, the ghost suddenly didn't hold back, roared, and a dazzling black mist suddenly emerged from the body, at that time, The black knife on the palm of the hand suddenly waved towards Xiao Yan.

"Crash!" A burst of suffocating fluctuations attacked Xiao Yan in an instant.

"So strong!"

"Rock Breaking Heaven Burial!" In an instant, the fire lotus seeds and the red resentful spirits in the sky also slowly disappeared. It was obvious that the two were evenly matched. After a while, watching the aggressive offensive, Xiao Yan's voice sounded like Sanskrit, in the Holy Flame space. ringing in.

"What is this?" As Xiao Yan's voice just sounded, the entire Holy Flame space seemed to be completely ignited, and an incomparably hot and sacred aura filled the air.

"Crash!" After a while, the khaki-yellow Holy Flame Crystal above Xiao Yan's palm burst out with a very fierce and tyrannical aura, and traces of flames came directly from all directions in the Holy Flame space, and then gathered to attack the ghosts. .

"Bang bang bang!" Although the attack of the soul is tyrannical, it is in the holy flame space after all, and the dark blue beams are immediately completely wrapped by countless holy flames, and they suddenly lose their power.

"Damn it..."

"You should have the formation stone of the Qiankun Ancient Array." Watching his attack disappear, and the bright flame in front of him was slowly condensing at one point, an extremely terrifying fluctuation was born slowly, and the soul opened his mouth. road.

"Nuo... This is the formation stone of the Qiankun Ancient Array. If you want it, come and grab it." Listening to the words of the soul, a rather ordinary stone appeared on Xiao Yan's palm. , Countless mysterious powers linger, these powers are impressively patterned.

"Sure enough..."

"If that's the case, then it's better to be respectful than to obey!"

"Sacrifice, the soul lock of life!" Looking at the ordinary stones emitting bursts of bright fluctuations on Xiao Yan's palm, Soul Evil understands that this is the stone, as long as you get it, you can crack the ancient formation that sealed the Poison Temple Demon Empress. Of course it is self-defeating.

"Shabu!" As the voice of the soul fell, a dark blue spooky chain suddenly emerged from his black robe, and even when the soul lock of life emerged, the holy flame on Xiao Yan's chest could not bear it. Jumping violently.

"Be careful, this guy's soul lock is very strong."

"We will find an opportunity to defeat the formation stone to him in a while, and we will need their strength to crack the ancient formation of the universe." The next moment, the Lord of Soul Eater instructed.

"Well, but the life chain on this guy's body can actually have such a tyrannical fluctuation." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, with khaki flames and fiery red flames lingering constantly, and a majestic fighting spirit emerged.

"The natal soul lock, lock the soul!" In an instant, with the emergence of the dark blue natal soul lock on the soul of the evil spirit, the aura in the holy flame space was immediately rendered extremely gloomy.

With an order, the dazzling soul locks went directly to the place where the flames converged. Suddenly, the Shattered Rocks and Heavenly Burial were completely shattered, so Zaidu blasted away at Xiao Yan. The power contained in them made people palpitate.

"Flame." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't panic, the dazzling flame condensed in the palm of his hand and attacked directly at his soul lock.

"Boom boom boom!" But the strange thing is that the soul lock directly ignored Xiao Yan's flame attack, and then whizzed away at Xiao Yan's vital point.

"Not good!" Xiao Yan didn't expect that this life-soul lock could ignore the flames, so his figure quickly retreated, trying to escape.

"late!"

"Born soul lock, soul burial!" A maniacal laughter emerged, and immediately attacked Xiao Yan who was running away.

"Boom boom boom!" After a short while, the soul lock of life directly hit Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan was caught off guard. It's just that Soul Nie did not notice the fleeting smile at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

"The formation stone!" In an instant, the figure of the ghost appeared, squirmed directly, and took the formation stone into the palm of his hand.

"Boy, I still have important things to do, just let you live for a while." After the soul evil finished speaking, he directly took back the soul lock of his life, held the formation stone in his hand, and then his figure wriggled strangely, and disappeared in the holy flame in an instant. space.

"This guy, I hope we won't be disappointed." As the ghost left, Xiao Yan's breath was also extremely calm, and he laughed.