Chapter Vol 2 795: Invisible competition!

"Boom boom boom!" At this time, in the underground covered by the purple bamboo forest, the dazzling vitality of the hated old monster emerged, and then the greedy aura seemed to want to swallow the sluggish emperor leopard!

"asshole!"

"How can you, a mere six-star Dou Emperor, have such a terrifying soul power!"

"Impossible!" The Emperor Leopard regained its calm in the next moment, but was seriously injured by Xiao Yan's soul power just now, and immediately roared at Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Imperial Leopard, it's too late!"

"I've waited for so many years, and today I finally got my wish!"

"Die!" The strange voice of the hated old monster just finished speaking, and suddenly some mysterious marks quickly changed on his hands.

And Xiao Yan can clearly feel that since the mysterious mark on the palm of the hated old monster appeared, the energy of the surrounding world has changed rapidly!

"Give it to me!" After a while, the hated old monster hummed suddenly, and the overwhelming force of life rushed towards the Emperor Leopard!

The Emperor Leopard had already been seriously injured by Xiao Yan's soul power, but now faced with the hatred of the old monster, his natural power was incapacitated. After a while, the snow-white body of the Emperor Leopard was actually hating the mysterious power of the old monster. Wisdom teeth faintly melted. sign!

"Ah ah ah!" The screams of pain echoed in this space, but the hated old monster was unmoved, still changing the handprint, and as the handprint did not change, the power of the emperor leopard poured in One more point in its body.

"Next, you just need to wait." Seeing that the Emperor Leopard was dying, Xiao Yan immediately understood that all he needed to do now was to wait and wait for the hated old monster to finish dealing with the Emperor Leopard.

However, what makes Xiao Yan strange is that this emperor leopard is clearly a monster, and this hated old monster actually wants to absorb it directly by means of some special methods. Xiao Yan still admires this courage, after all Not everyone can do this. If this group is not handled well, I am afraid they will explode and die.

However, Xiao Yan found that as the hated old monster absorbed the power of the Emperor Leopard, the initial strength of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor had faint signs of breakthrough, and even half of the face beyond recognition was full of vitality. for peculiar.

"Forget it, wait and see."

"You hate the old monster, if you are treachery, then you can't blame me." Xiao Yan looked at the hated old monster who was concentrating on absorbing the power of the Emperor Leopard, and said a word in his heart, and then he stopped talking.

The hated old monster seemed to be aware of Xiao Yan's gaze, and immediately became slightly vigilant, but at this time, the hated old monster obviously didn't have time to care about Xiao Yan.

Outside the Purple Bamboo Forest, Mu Yingying and her party.

"Mu Yingying?" Not long after Xiao Yan and the others entered the Purple Bamboo Forest, Mu Feng saw Mu Yingying's figure at the entrance of the Purple Bamboo Forest, and even saw Leng Fuyao who was lost by the mysterious power!

However, he did not see Xiao Yan's figure.

"Why is it just the two of you?"

"Where's Xiao Yan?" When Yueru saw this, only the two of them came out and felt a bad premonition, so she spoke immediately.

"I'm sorry, I'm not obliged to tell you." Mu Yingying naturally has her pride, after all, how can someone who can possess holy flame not have any pride?

Moreover, Mu Yingying found out that Yueru seems to be quite hostile to herself this month, although Mu Yingying still doesn't know where this hostility comes from.

"You!" Yue Ru's words made her panic.

"Don't." Xiu Qi naturally knew that she was writing a little junior sister, and since she saw Xiao Yan, she seemed to have lost her soul. She looked at Yue Ru and got a little angry, and immediately said.

"Xiao Yan is fine, what kind of cooperation has he reached with the hated old monster who lives in the Purple Bamboo Forest, so let's come out first." Leng Fuyao woke up naturally. Seeing that Mu Yingying and Yueru were fighting each other, he came out and explained.

"The people who live in this purple bamboo forest are those who hate the old?" Yue Ru was surprised when she heard the words.

Because according to the information from the inheritance rune to her, it seems that this Purple Bamboo Forest is only the territory of hating the old monsters, but it is not the residence of hating the old monsters, so at this time, Yueru can't help thinking about the authenticity of the inheritance runes.

"Yep."

"This Purple Bamboo Forest is filled with hated old monsters. Just after Xiao Yan and I entered, we found that the Purple Bamboo Forest is full of crises, but fortunately there are some Xiao Yan, and the two of us saved the danger." Mu Yingying naturally wouldn't He cares too much about Yueru, looked at everyone's expectations, and said immediately.

"I don't know what kind of cooperation Xiao Yan and the hater have reached?" The next moment, Qin Xin also asked, obviously curious about this question.

"This, we don't know either." Leng Fuyao and Mu Yingying both shook their heads.

"Let's just wait here for him to come out." After thinking for a while, Mu Yingying couldn't help but speak.

"Alright, after all, the Purple Bamboo Forest is too dangerous." Mu Feng nodded in agreement.

"Be careful, I feel that many powerful people have entered Moonlight Island, and there is only one road to Moonlight Island. I'm afraid it won't take long for those people to catch up with us." Xiu Qi looked at the people who came in at the beginning. The Moonlight Island channel opened his mouth immediately, obviously there were some concerns in his voice.

After all, with Xiu Qi's strength in the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, he can feel the pressure, so let alone the others who have not reached the level of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor.

"They came in?" Mu Feng was shocked when he heard this, he knew the horror of the mysterious gossip above the iron gate.

"Yep."

"Although the gossip iron gate at the entrance of the ruins is extremely terrifying, after so many years of erosion, it is obviously dilapidated, so it can't stop them for too long."

"And I found out when we just took the sea monster to Moonlight Island." Xiu Qi continued.

"What did you find?" Yueru immediately became vigilant when she heard the words.

"At that time, when I looked down from a height, what I saw was a crowd of black people. When I wanted to come, they would have already come to the ruins sea area."

"So now, I'm afraid I've already entered Moonlight Island or Jade Rabbit Island." Xiu Qi said solemnly.

As for this time, although they took advantage of Xiao Yan's cleverness to take the lead, they were the first team to enter the ruins, but as time went by, other powerhouses also entered the ruins one after another.

"That is to say, the competition in the ruins will become more and more fierce." Qin Xin answered.

"good."

"Almost all the outstanding disciples of the super sects have come this time, so this time, I am afraid it will be a real contest for the younger generation of Xuantian San!" After Xiu Qi finished speaking, she became vigilant now.

"Then you have to be more careful." Qin Xin said, and then a heavy feeling appeared in everyone's heart. They all knew that the real cruel competition had just begun!

Ask for tickets!