Chapter Vol 4 1056: Dragon Addiction!

"Big brother?" Xiao Yan was stunned by Long Yi's actions in the originally tense battle.

"Cough cough cough..."

"My seniority is older than yours, so from now on, I will be the eldest brother, you will be the second brother, and Xiao Yi will be the third brother."

"Yeah, that's it." Long Yi didn't care whether Xiao Yan agreed or not, he just decided.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, his head was full of black lines, but Xiao Yan didn't feel disgusted. After all, Long Yi was more like an elder who took care of himself, even if he was his big brother, he didn't care pass.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Be careful for a while, I will create a way out for you, you go first, and Xiao Yi and I will arrive later." After a while, Long Yi said in a voice that only Xiao Yan could hear.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded secretly when he heard the words, and then the core inscription of the divine movement in his body was still condensed.

Because the existence of the mysterious demon in the dragon-loving army in front of him made Xiao Yan's heart tickled, Xuan Mo had assassinated Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying when they entered the Xuanling Emperor Pond, and almost succeeded, so now the two With such a fierce force, Xiao Yan naturally wanted to completely obliterate this guy.

"Array, Dragon Addiction Formation!" While Long Yi and Xiao Yan were talking, unpredictable mysterious powers suddenly emerged in this sky.

In the sky, headed by Ye Mo, the nine members of the Dragon Addiction Legion lined up one after another, like a lifelike dragon.

"It's a good battle, but I just don't know if it's a mystery." Seeing this, Long Yi's figure exploded, and then flashed away into the sky.

Long Yi knew that the Dragon Addiction Legion could stand in Xuantian for so many years, and its true ultimate move, the Dragon Addiction Formation, was by no means a child's play, so Xiao Yan could not be dragged down.

"what……"

"It seems that my blood is boiling?" Xiao Yan, who was a little weak, found that the blood in his body was vaguely boiling, as if it resonated with something.

And in a distant place, several rather tyrannical auras are also rapidly heading towards Blood River Town. These auras are somewhat like the powerhouses of the Medusa clan.

"Dragon Addiction Formation, Sacrifice Dragon!" After a while, Ye Mo and nine people finally completed the Dragon Addiction Formation, and then said to Long Yi from a height below zero.

Long Yi looked up and saw a light dragon appearing entirely composed of energy, while Ye Mo was at the head of the dragon. As for the eight other dragon-loving legions, they were occupying the light dragon's limbs.

"Humph!"

"Let's talk to the other side, how can this be called a dragon addiction!" Long Yi heard the words, he let out a loud shout, frowned, and instantly turned into a silver dragon, and the thunder beams as thick as stone pillars tightly surrounded him. surround.

"Don't be too happy too soon!"

"Guanglong, Dusky!" In the next moment, Ye Mo seemed to sense the disdain at the corner of Long Yi's mouth, and called out softly.

However, as Ye Mo's voice fell, the light in the entire space instantly disappeared, as if falling into a dark abyss, which is outrageous!

"What is this..." Suddenly lost all light and fell into darkness, Long Yi said slowly like a blind man.

"Big brother, go!" Then, for some reason, Long Yi suddenly felt that he was being knocked away by a body.

"Damn... it's still a step too late." Then the next moment, a khaki flame light slowly flashed out.

"Xiao Yan, why are you here?" Long Yi couldn't help saying when he saw the state.

"Big brother, just now Ye Mo controlled Guanglong and devoured you directly." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

"Devouring?"

"Impossible, why didn't I feel it." Long Yi frowned when he heard this, obviously not understanding why Xiao Yan said that.

"Brother, the reason why you didn't feel it is because some mysterious powers of the Dragon Addiction Formation have isolated your perception.

"This is inside the Dragon Addiction Formation." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

"Is there a way..." Hearing this, Long Yi approached Xiao Yan slightly.

"Ten minutes." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he sat cross-legged directly, and then without hesitation, circles of core inscriptions continued to emerge, surrounded by dazzling spiritual power, the best way to deal with the formation was the formation, but to break the formation The method is none other than the battle formation master Xiao Yan.

"They are..." After seeing Long Yi and Xiao Yan being swallowed directly by Ye Moguanglong, White Fang's eyelids jumped and he couldn't help but say.

"Dragon Addiction Formation, I'm afraid that the silver dragon of Dou Xian is in danger."

"But with Xiao Yan, I hope it's alright." Zhu Jin said slightly, for Xiao Yan, he has more or less inherited his mantle, so Zhu Jin believes that Xiao Yan can break the Dragon Addiction Formation.

"Old Ye, Xiao Yan also went in, what should I do now?" Xuan Ming couldn't help asking.

"Let's kill that beast first."

"Xiao Yan has some holy flames on his body and must be captured alive." Ye Mo whispered.

"Okay." As Ye Mo's voice fell, the nine members of the Dragon Addiction Legion would close their eyes and continuously mobilize the power in their bodies.

"What is this doing?" When other powerhouses saw this scene, they were puzzled.

"Dragon Addiction Formation is an independent space. Now they use their soul power to enter that space and fight Xiao Yan and the others." Zhu Jin explained.

"Xiao Yan, you can't have an accident As soon as Zhu Jin's voice fell, Mu Yingying at the back suddenly became nervous, obviously something unusual.

"Gulugulu!" And Long Yi in the dragon-loving formation, with the help of the holy flame, also discovered that this is an independent space. After a while, a dazzling energy beam attacked Long Yi. .

"Go away!"

"Who is it, get out of here for this king!" Long Yi's exquisite fingers directly sent the beam of bright energy into the air, and then said.

"In the Dragon Addiction Formation, we are the invincible existence."

"Accept the punishment, beast!" When Long Yi was puzzled, the figures of the nine members of the Dragon-loving Legion appeared in all directions in this space.

"The aura of these figures is not right... How can there be an ethereal feeling?"

"Soul power!" Xiao Yan, who was still trying to crack the Dragon Addiction Formation, found something secretly, and immediately said in surprise.

If they were outside, the strength of these guys at the level of Nine Star Dou Di would be like killing an ant against Xiao Yan, but in this dragon-loving formation, all nine of them exist in the form of soul power. The loss will cause extremely serious damage to their body.

And don't forget, Xiao Yan's current soul power is under the fairyland, at the peak of the emperor's realm!

A wicked smile appeared from the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth: "Although soul attacks cannot kill all of them, it can kill one of them."

"It's true that there is a way to heaven and you don't go, and there is no way to **** to break in."