Chapter Vol 4 1363: The status quo of the tomb of thunder!

Once the time has passed, it is five days.

During the five days, the energy in the thunder tomb became more and more tyrannical, and the spread of the evil aura was also increasing. I am afraid that many of the tens of thousands of contestants have already fallen into the hands of evil minions.

For five days, Xiao Yan was also driving the power of holy flame day and night to drive out the evil power for Yun Qi, which made Yun Qi's favorability for Xiao Yan soar. , Even the consumption of Sheng Yan is a kind of consumption that is not low. Xiao Yan can do this for himself. That's why Xiao Yan did this.

"Last minute!"

"Use your strength to completely force out the evil force." For five days, the green light on Yun Qi's chest was gradually forced out by Xiao Yan, until now it was only the size of a finger. You're done.

"En." Yun Qi heard the words, nodded slightly, the dazzling fighting spirit in his body was mobilized, and then he launched a final sprint against the last trace of evil power.

"Boom!" With a deafening voice, his red lips moved slightly, and a trace of green liquid suddenly spit out.

"Where to run!" Xiao Yan had been waiting for this moment for a long time. The source of evil had just appeared, and he suddenly realized a sense of unease. Just as he wanted to run, Xiao Yan's dazzling power of holy flame wiped it out in an instant. 's clean.

"Finally...successful..."

"Xiao Yan, thank you." Yun Qi forced a smile, and then fell into a coma. It was obvious that she had been resisting the confrontation between the evil power and the holy flame for the past few days, which had exhausted her.

"Hey..." Xiao Yan heard the words, slowly opened his eyes, but unexpectedly saw the spring light on Yun Qi's chest, hurriedly suppressed the strange thoughts in his lower abdomen, put on Yun Qi's clothes, and hugged Yun Qi. She left here.

"How's it going?" The other four girls were sitting around under a big tree, discussing something. Seeing Xiao Yan walking over with Yun Qi in his arms, they couldn't help but feel a trace of jealousy in their hearts. The treatment they have never had.

"It's alright, let her rest for a day, and tomorrow we can go to the Thunder Pond." Xiao Yan gently placed the unconscious Yun Qi on the grass, and then said to the crowd.

However, Xiao Yan's action surprised the four girls. Obviously when did Xiao Yan and Yun Qi become so good, but this reason, Xiao Yan can't tell, maybe because there is something in Yun Qi. special magic.

"Is there a direction for Thunder Pond?" Looking at the four girls who were silent, Xiao Yan was also confused and hurriedly broke the calm.

"The location of the Thunder Pond is there, but with the spread of the voice transmission of the soul, many strong people have reported back, and they have also been attacked by the evil race from outside the territory."

"But I have made an agreement with them to go to Thunder Pond with us tomorrow for refuge." Liu Qing thought, but his voice was full of doubts.

"But there's something suspicious about it."

"Since the extraterritorial evil clan can control the contestants, the news that we have entered the Thunder Pond to take refuge may also reach their ears. Although the power in the Thunder Pond makes it impossible for them to enter, I am worried that they may set up at the entrance of the Thunder Pond. Ambush and catch us all."

"After all, the full power of this extraterritorial evil clan is still unknown to us, and since they dare to come so blatantly, they are naturally fully prepared." Duo Qifei said worriedly.

"Your thoughts are not unreasonable, but don't forget that the tens of thousands of people who participated this time are not some unknown people."

"Gathering the strength of all of us, even if the evil race from outside the territory comes to block, there is still a chance to fight back."

"Even if we pay a painful price, as long as we can enter the Thunder Pond and go to the forbidden area of ​​the Thunder Tomb, we will have a chance to survive." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"It turns out that, no wonder you asked me to send my soul voice transmission to gather all the surviving contestants. It turned out to be the reason." Now, Liu Qing also understood Xiao Yan's intention.

"Smart." Xiao Yan smiled when he heard the words.

"In that case, take a good rest today and go to Thunder Pond tomorrow."

"Before entering the Thunder Pond, I'm afraid there will be a fierce battle. Everyone, be prepared." Xiao Yan said.

"En." Everyone nodded slightly.

Elsewhere in Ray's Tomb.

"Brother Mu, do you think Liu Qing's soul transmission was faked by a foreign evil race?"

"Is there really that kind of magic in Leichi..." Behind a dark rock, Mage and a few men slowly appeared. It's a little strange that these people's strengths are all two-star Douxian Perfection, but their body Above, there are some scars, big and small, obviously left by the previous battle with the foreign evil race.

"Whether it's true or not, we have to go and try it."

"The Thunder Pond is the only place of refuge in the Thunder Tomb. If we don't go to the Thunder Pond, even if it is us, it will be slowly eaten away by the evil races outside the territory." She said.

Since entering the Thunder Tomb, although they have collected a lot of tyrannical energy bodies to enhance their own strength, but they have no choice but to encounter the powerful foreigners several times. With their tyrannical strength, they barely escaped, but this is not the way. After all, the recovery pills they carry are limited, and the power of the alien race seems to be inexhaustible.

"Take a rest today, and go to the entrance of Thunder Pond in the morning tomorrow."

"This time, the tomb of thunder is not as simple as I imagined." Mu Ge looked at the sky, and strange evil auras continued to emerge, and he also understood that this was a precursor to the coming storm.

In addition, some other powerful guys also received Liu Qing's soul voice transmission one after another. After thinking about it, they had no choice but to decide to move closer to Lei Chi.

"Master Phantom, according to the information obtained by the subordinates."

"Tomorrow, the contestants in the Thunder Cemetery will all head towards the Thunder Pond, trying to take refuge in it On a cliff, the green robe with phantom pupils stands slightly, and Mu Xiao respectfully said behind him. .

"Lei Chi..."

"The power of Thunder Pond is beyond our reach..."

"In addition, the three adults, You Huan and You Zun Huan Zun, are trying their best to find the entrance to the Lei Tomb forbidden area. I have the final say here."

"Pass my order, gather all the forces, set up an ambush around the Thunder Pond, and wipe out these humans tomorrow!" Phantom Tong slowly said.

"Yes, my lord!" Mu Xiao heard the words, the green evil light squirmed slightly, and then disappeared here.

"Why on earth are the three adults looking for the forbidden area of ​​Lei Tomb... Is there anything that can't be found there?"

"And the ghost bandaged guy under Lord Youzun's seat, the breath has disappeared in the past few days, what is he doing..." Phantom pondered slightly.

. The fastest website for mobile version updates: m.