Chapter Vol 4 2198: Xiao Yi shows up!

"Want to blow yourself up?"

"It's not that easy!"

"Elf mark, suppress me!"

Moore snorted coldly and suppressed the restless elf source within the two people between his hands. Suddenly, the dazzling and violent energy in the surrounding space returned to calm under everyone's attention.

"It seems that the so-called Mingzhu will disregard your life and death at critical moments."

"In that case, it's better to be under the command of our princess."

Moore's sarcastic voice never stopped, as if he was deliberately provoking the patience of Xiao Yi and the others.

"Sir, this is..."

"What about adults?"

The two reincarnation elders and the elf woman looked to the rear together, but found that Xiao Yi's figure disappeared in an instant.

"three!"

At the end of the sound, overwhelming energy slanted out of Moore's body, like a dazzling energy blade lingering on the palm of his hand, Sen Leng's attack cut his wrists at the throats of the two.

"My subordinate, it's not easy for you to insult like this."

A light voice, faintly emerged from a tiny gap above the energy barrier of the elf island, resounding like thunder, filling the minds of countless elf powerhouses. At this time, a slender figure crossed this, Even Moore's attack was broken by his teamwork.

"Sure enough, he is a master, but..."

"Space seal!"

Moore raised his palm, his boundless smile was undisguised, and the dazzling aura of space jumped over the purple fire river instantly, blocking the retreat behind Xiao Yi.

Lead out Xiao Yi and cut off her retreat!

This is his purpose!

"Then you can try."

In Xiao Yi's eyes, the purple flames roared fiercely, and a strong killing intent permeated from her body, her anger was suppressed to the limit, and Xiao Yi naturally wouldn't take into account the rules promulgated by the Fire Spirit Headquarters!

These western tribe guys are too deceiving!

"If you keep being a tortoise with a shrunken head, all of us can't help you... It's a pity."

"If you can't bear it, you will make a big plan. The three adults, I will leave it to you next!"

Moore sneered, the surrounding void seemed to be collapsed by some extremely terrifying force, and three extremely terrifying auras emerged.

"Hehe, Xiao Yi, let's take it as soon as you can."

The three vigorous old men faintly appeared. There are certain lines on the old faces, which are extremely mysterious, but no matter who they are, the breath contained in their bodies is by no means comparable to simple people.

The two are at the peak of the reincarnation order, and the other is in the first reincarnation order, the true heritage of the Western Tribe!

"The chief of the western tribe, the two reincarnation elders."

"You really look up to me."

Xiao Yi said with a faint smile, the purple flames in her eyes became more and more intense, and even the reincarnation mark at the center of her eyebrows showed a gentle warmth.

"Go!"

"Catch him, catch him alive!"

The voice of the old chief fell, and the two Samsara elders around him turned into two beams of light, quickly chasing and killing Xiao Yi, crossing the void along the way, bringing up brown flames, shaking the world.

"Crack!"

With a sound, when the two Samsara elders of the Western Tribe approached Xiao Yi, they were suddenly burst with energy ripples.

"My lord, I am willing to swear to follow your lord."

"kill!"

The two reincarnation elders in the southern tribe took the lead, all the remaining elf men emerged, and the elf woman accompanied Xiao Yi from beginning to end, as if protecting him.

"Go!"

"Crash!"

A wave of terrifying confrontations began, and endless gunpowder smoke filled the void here.

"Since that's the case, let me arrest you myself."

"Elf secret skills!"

The voice of the chief of the western tribe sounded, and bursts of brown flames emerged from the entire body. The flames formed an extremely sharp blade, and there were bursts of cold light surging at the tip of the blade.

"Wong buzzing!"

The sound of buzzing sounded, the chief's body sank into the void, and when Du appeared, he had already come to Xiao Yi a few meters away, holding a flaming blade, and killing Xiao Yi's key point.

The purple flame surged in Xiao Yi's eyes, wrapped around her palm, and resisted directly against the flaming blade of the elder chief.

"Crack!" A sound.

"The first level of reincarnation is really extraordinary."

Xiao Yi thought so in her heart. At the same time, her body trembled and retreated rapidly, and the strength in her body became turbulent and rolling.

Obviously, after a simple fight, Xiao Yi has been disturbed by the so-called chieftain in her body.

"Pfft!"

After the power in Xiao Yi's body was shaken with one blow, the elf chief looked lazy, and with a casual shot, several energy beams appeared around him, the breath contained an irresistible terrifying power, and then without exception, he hit and came to the rescue On Xiao Yi's elf powerhouse.

Their strengths are almost all at the Eight-star Fighting Immortal level, and how viciously hit their bodies by the Samsara-level attacks, their bodies collapsed violently like a spasm.

Reincarnation-level attacks are extremely destructive for these elf warriors who support Xiao Yi. The weaker ones are covered in blood mist, with bloodstains on their skin, and those who are stronger and stronger, their bodies are also rapidly retreating. The bodies of the digital elf warriors fell towards the ground like a fallen flower and a willow.

"Crack!"

The two reincarnation elders in the southern tribe knew that now the southern tribe's strength was scattered, and it was impossible for them to be their opponents. Immediately, the power was shocked, and the two reincarnation powerhouses of the western tribe were instantly shaken back, secretly working together to build a deep space aisle.

"A space channel..."

The old chief frowned, and his eyes fell on a black cloud layer behind the two Samsara elders. In the black cloud layer, an extremely majestic power of space emerged, which is obviously a channel connecting the outside world!

"Lina!"

"Take the adults to go, the current sea of ​​the sky can't be left!"

The two reincarnation elders desperately resisted the attacks of many elf warriors, the handprints changed like lightning, and the space passages were looming in the black clouds.

"Sir, follow me!"

Lina ignored Xiao Yi's rising purple flame, stretched out her slender hand, pulled Xiao Yi directly, and swept away into the black clouds.

"Lina...Thank you."

"But……"

"A manly man should carry a three-footed sword, and make an indelible feat."

"I can't go!"

While speaking, on Xiao Yi's body, billowing purple flames fell like thunder, embellishing the entire space.

"Why are you standing still!"

"Come on!"

The two reincarnation elders roared desperately, the power in their bodies was close to withering, and they roared as they watched Xiao Yi and Lina motionless.

"Want to go?"

"How can it be so easy!"

The old chief seized the opportunity to shoot, and the overwhelming turbulent energy blasted away fiercely at Xiao Yi and the space clouds. The terrifying energy contained in it, if it hit any strong person, even Samsara would only be saddened!

"go!"

Xiao Yi pulled out the elf woman Lina beside her, and immediately her body came into contact with the aftermath of the former's attack!

"Pfft!"

Xiao Yi suffered this severe injury, a mouthful of blood spurted out, her face was extremely pale, and the purple flames all over her body became dim.

This is just the aftermath, and it has such terrifying power If the real attack falls, I am afraid...

"Go ahead and kill everyone here!"

The old chief took the lead in attacking, and as his palms rolled, terrifying power attacked the remaining dozens of elf warriors who were stubbornly resisting.

"Zi Ji Tianying!"

Xiao Yi watched the countless bursts of energy blasting out from around her, the reincarnation mark between her eyebrows was shining brightly, and a beautiful giant shadow of the sky enveloped all the elf warriors!

"Creak!"

Even though Xiao Yi has the increase of the Reincarnation Seal, the mere Eight-Star Fighting Immortal is full of strength, and still has to protect so many strong people, the huge soul shadow collapsed and opened almost instantly under the invasion of this terrible power!

Xiao Yi's body, under the attack of this huge pressure and destructive force, began to twist, and blood surging frantically, seeping out from the ears, nose, pores, etc.!

"Damn... Are you going to die?"

Looking at the approaching death beam, Xiao Yi's body was difficult to move, she only felt a smear of tragic pain all over her body, causing Xiao Yi Junmei's face to have a thick grim look, and a low roar sounded.

In the distance, a flaming beast of thousands of meters, under the expressionless control of the old chief, quickly attacked Xiao Yi. In that kind of battle, the only thing that awaits everyone is the destruction!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: