Chapter 173: The transaction between the ghost of the ghost and the red leaves!

The name of this mountain is Hongshan, and it is strange to say that the color of the soil in ordinary mountain ranges is mostly brown or black, but the soil of this mountain is actually all red, and it is surprisingly red, as scarlet as human blood. have this name.

Hongshan is a small mountain range located on the outskirts of Xuantian. Although it is undoubtedly insignificant compared to the real mountains in Xuantian, Hongshan has a superior geographical location. It is the best place, so the sect within Xuantian San and its Hongshan agreed to take up some time every year, using Hongshan as a stronghold to attract new people, and in return, Xuan Santian will also give The sects in Hongshan have some not weak cultivation resources.

Within Hongshan, there is a strong sect named Honggu!

Although ordinary people don’t know why they call it this way, this Red Valley is also a strong sect in the periphery of Xuan Sansan, even though its suzerain is only a woman, but her cultivation is so strong that it has the power of a six-star Dou Emperor. High, so even if countless people coveted this mountain range, they had to give up under the coercion of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, so the Red Valley had been peaceful for a few years.

In the Red Mountains, there are many buildings in Langya, and there are no simple and ugly buildings. Most of them are buildings with unique shapes and quite extravagant. It also requires sufficient funds, which is enough to show that the heritage of this Red Valley is not weak.

The buildings are mostly concentrated on the halfway of the mountain range. All the buildings in Honggu are bounded by the halfway of the mountain. They are divided into upper and lower floors by the people of Honggu. Now they are the aboriginal residents living in Honggu on the upper floor, while the lower floor is where people live in Honggu. The newcomers who came to participate in the selection, both sides also greeted each other, so the people on the upper and lower floors did not disturb each other.

In the upper floor, in a quiet room, a trace of dark flames were slowly burning.

The flames are surprisingly dark and eerie, giving people a sense of evil.

Taking a closer look, looking at the appearance of this darkness gradually changing, there are quite a few ghosts in the secluded spring that Xiao Yan and the others encountered in Hanchi!

"Youquan, why are you looking for me!" A woman's clear voice also sounded slowly in the room.

The woman wears a plain skirt and her long hair is **** in a delicate hairpin. Although she is a little old, she cannot hide her beautiful appearance.

"Hey, there's nothing wrong."

"I'm here just to inform you that something went wrong in our cooperation. Some people were arrested, and some people ran out. Is the plan going to be carried out in advance..." Youquan also said secretly, although This woman has requested their ghost world, but judging from the current situation, the seal of the adults in the cold pool has not been lifted, and she is not his opponent, so she can only respect...

Although it was the mistake of the people in their ghost world to be escaped, but in their ghost world, there is no justice, and their words are based on the strength of their fists.

"what!"

"What are you doing!" The woman was also furious.

She is the owner of the valley of this red valley, and her name is Hongye. The reason why she is aware of the little tricks of sneaking away newcomers in the ghost world is that she has some unknown cooperation with the ghost world.

But I don't know why, this time they actually arrested hundreds of people, which is a bit unbelievable, not to mention that someone has escaped now. If the person who escaped said it out, it would be a big trouble...

"You people from the ghost world really failed in doing things!"

"Even this little thing can go wrong!"

"When we cooperated in the first place, how did you guarantee the ghost world!" Hongye also said angrily. In the past, every new recruit who participated in the selection would go missing, but under the background of Hongye, there were no people in Xuantian Santian. He paid too much attention and was calmed down. The disappearance of so many people this time was enough to cause a sensation among the high-level officials of Xuan Santian!

"This is also a helpless thing. This time, our adults will break the seal. The previous preparations were all for this time!" Youquan also said reluctantly.

"Absurd!"

"This time you guys are too noisy, how can I prevaricate it?" Hongye also said angrily.

"Hehe, after this time is accomplished, what you asked for will also be satisfied. Are you still afraid of this Xuan Santian?" Seeing this, Youquan hurriedly said, after all, he can't tear his face with this red leaf yet. .

Hongye pondered slightly, then said, "I see, the trials will start tomorrow, I will cooperate with you, I hope you don't break your promise, otherwise..."

The implication of Hongye is also very obvious. If they in the ghost world do not complete what they promised Hongye, then the consequences will be quite serious.

"Yeah." After saying that, Youquan didn't want to stay for a moment, and then turned into a puff of black smoke and returned to the cold pool.

Looking at Youquan's departure, Hongye also softened from an unattainable aura, turned into a little woman, gently walked to the bookshelf in the room, turned one of the books, and then a secret room appeared. .

"Gu Lang, I know what I'm doing is wrong, but I'm doing this for you, what's the point of a world without you..."

"When you wake up, we will fly away and never come back, to a place where there is only the two of us."

"Do you think it's good or not..." Hongye said that tears also fell unconsciously.

The person in his arms didn't move at all, and Hongye immediately hugged a man wrapped in white satin like a mummy.

"Lord You, someone came to the trail to investigate our entrance before. Thanks to our rotation, we were not found. We may have exposed ourselves here. Do we need to move..." A black ghost also said.

"Well, you did a good job."

"Pack up, everything that can't be taken away is destroyed. I'm going to leave tomorrow." Youquan also said something, and then walked towards the cold pool stone room in the center.

"How's it going?" Youquan also asked a shadow on the edge of Cold Pond.

"It's almost time. Your lord has absorbed the blood of these humans, and his strength has recovered 9 out of 10. It's only a matter of time before the seal is broken," said Ghostly Ghost.

"The next step is to wait quietly. I'm really looking forward to the selection of newcomers this time..." Saying that, Youquan opened his mouth greedily.

In the cold pond, the originally dark brown water has long since turned into bright red blood water, the overwhelming blood aura permeates the stone room, and the pond is gurgling as if something is about to appear.

"Mu Feng, where are you going now?" Xiao Yan was also pulled by Mu Feng and asked in confusion.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Today is the day when the fifth-class talent is announced, and it is also the day when the rules of the trials are announced. Let's go and have a look now." Mu Feng also said.

Ask for a ticket~

Dreams, check-in building in the comment area

Please cover it~