Chapter Vol 4 1839: Baby devil!

Above the sky, Lin Fengya's hideous complexion, his face was a little distorted, and even his breath was changing.

"Damn it... What kind of monster is this?" At this moment, Rao had the spirit to despise everything, and in front of the demon servant Lin Fengya, a strange wave of fear was slowly born, even if it was himself I have never seen it before. At this moment, his gloomy fighting spirit has actually become solidified, as if he is afraid of this unknown creature in front of him.

"Gululu." Without worrying about the movements of Soul Wuji and the Demon Dog, the demon servant Lin Fengya raised his head, a wicked look flashed in his gloomy eyes, his eyes locked directly on Soul Wuji, as if he wanted to devour it completely. , in the dark green pupils, with a domineering evil intention, he took a deep breath, and there was an anger in the ferocious thundercloud that was originally controlled by Soul Wuji, and he broke free from Soul Wuji's control in an instant, and then It is a pillar of thunder that falls hundreds of meters in size, surrounding it, forming a real demon.

"This lunatic." This time, the black mist all over his body tried to protect himself. The demon dog and the dragon corpse approached Soul Wuji together. The two complemented each other and burst out with extremely terrifying power, but he looked at the terrifying appearance of the demon servant in front of him. , also couldn't help muttering.

"Crash!" The demon servant sneered at the four dragon corpses and the demon dog above the sky, and then the silver thunder around him was lightly entangled with a dark green aura.

"Go!" After a while, the demon servant raised his palm and gently tapped towards the void where Soul Wuji stood.

For a time, it can be seen that the thunderclouds above the entire sky are mastered by demon servants, and even because of that extremely rare demon attribute, the energy above the entire sky has become thinner, like a mortal trying to provoke the king. Invading the king's territory, the king is punishing.

The power of silver thunder was originally contained in Soul Wuji's first hand, and the countless ghostly ghosts contained in it were extremely terrifying. Now, with the blessing of demon attributes, they roared away at Soul Wuji with overwhelming aura.

The speed of the dark green thunder column was extremely slow, but with it, the whole sky, and even some of the noise in the space that was drawn along the way came to an abrupt end.

The sky was crying and screaming. It seemed that this kind of demon-level power creature should not exist in the world. For a time, lightning flashed and thundered above the Tianyuan Mountains, and the wind roared, as if some peerless devil was about to appear.

Seeing this, Soul Wuji frowned. With the attack of the dark green thunder column, the four dragon corpses around him seemed to be disintegrating rapidly. Obviously, because of the disappearance of the black coffin, this tyrannical seal fighting skill was also facing a situation of disintegration. .

At this moment, Soul Wuji looked at the void under his feet and saw hundreds of human beings. They panicked and looked at the apocalyptic scenery in the sky. Countless architectural palaces were knocked down by these attack waves at will, and even There is a special kind of oppression permeating the entire mountain range.

"Demon..."

"The soul lock of life!" At this moment, Soul Wuji did not dare to hold back, and left the rapidly disappearing dragon corpse and stood gently on the head of the devil dog. Like boiling water, under the black mist, a cold light is exposed.

"Give it to you!" Seeing Hun Wuji's actions, the speed of the demon servant was astonishingly fast. In a blink of an eye, he disappeared behind Hun Wuji. Immediately, his baby-like white palm was carrying a dark green liquid, and his body was tight. Tightening, the palm pushed out, and the palm containing the power of the devil roared out at Soul Wuji!

"Boom!" Thunder beams of light and the power of demons attacked back and forth, but Soul Wuji is not a simple character, there is a glint in his eyes, and a sharp pitch-black chain shimmering with cold light in the black mist is engraved on it. Countless textures.

The pattern seems to be some kind of ancient sacrificial rune, extremely gloomy, and at the same time carries some indescribable evil intent.

"Although this demon has just been born, as time goes on, its power will become stronger and stronger..."

"You can't be deadlocked with this guy, you must first collect soul power, otherwise this time the plan will fail, and even I will have to be severely punished." Ten chain imaginary marks formed a pitch-black cage, protecting himself in it.

Strange to say, with the appearance of Soul Wuji's hand, the power of the devil's power was slowly dissolved.

Although the devil's power is tyrannical, he still can't kill him because of the infant state that the devil servant has just given birth to, but in the same way, he can't kill him.

"Chichi!"

"I don't have time to play with you... Anyway, we are all on the same road!" One blow took the attack of the demon servant at the same time, and the black mist of Soul Wuji also seemed to be much weaker. The expensive soul body, shaking from the black mist, just appeared, and roared away towards the void in all directions.

Obviously Soul Promise also smelled an extremely terrifying power from the demon servant, and these soul powers are the soul bodies that Soul Promise spent a lot of means to collect, but now, it can only be He gritted his teeth and gave up, otherwise once he was entangled by a demon servant, his plan to collect souls would be completely destroyed.

"Soul..."

"I want to eat!" Looking at this scene, a trace of madness appeared in the dark green pupils of the demon servant, his eyes moved away from Soul Wuji, and his figure skyrocketed and shot at the fleeing soul bodies.

The devil is the most tyrannical, mysterious, and evil force in the world, but the devil fruit that Lin Fengya devoured is only half-ripe, so there are many drawbacks, which must be eliminated by devouring human blood and soul. Therefore, with Soul Wuji abandoning so many soul origins, the demon servants are also crazy.

"Susu!" At this moment, Soul Wuji rode the magic dog under his feet, heading towards the other side of the Tianyuan Mountains in a mighty manner, where there are countless commoners, enough to make up for the many soul bodies he lost this time.

On the other hand, looking at the sky at this time, the pitch-black thundercloud slowly turned into a dark green evil cloud, surrounded by demon servants, one after another weak soul body, to the demon, it was like a great supplement, gently put into his belly, At that time, the devil's aura is tyrannizing, and vaguely, this guy's blood is also turning towards dark green! !

At this moment, a real demon was slowly transforming above this dark and cold void.

And other places are also attacked by the powerhouses of the Soul Palace and the Holy See, and the Tianyuan Mountains at this time can be said to be a real chaos!