Chapter Vol 2 756: 3 medicinal herbs

"By the way, what exactly is the ruins this time, why hasn't there been any news for so long?" Xiao Yan greeted several people in Wuzhuju, so he was not worried, and immediately followed Qinxin back to her residence, Asked openly.

Qin gave Xiao Yan the impression that this guy knew a lot of things, so at this time Xiao Yan wanted to know other news, so he could only start from here.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I don't know much about the ruins this time."

"But the only thing I know is that this time the ruins involved seem to be quite large."

"And most importantly, it also involves the inheritors and some secrets of the Xuanling royal family. In addition, the seal in the ruins is too strong. I am afraid that the powerhouses of the major super sects are now ready to go. If the seal is weakened, it will take action to investigate the news."

"At that time, the news about the ruins will be overwhelming, but it seems that there are still two months before the news comes out."

"If it's time to start, it will take at least three months." Qin Xin said with an understanding.

"In this way, if we were to refine medicinal pills, we would still have enough time." Xiao Yan nodded slightly after hearing this, and then stopped talking.

Just when Qin Xin was talking about the inheritor, Xiao Yan couldn't help but flickered a beautiful image in his heart.

That Qianying's name is Yueru, and I'm afraid she can be regarded as her first friend on the Xuanling Continent.

Moreover, with the help of Na Yueru's father, he forged an identity so that he could cultivate in the Fenxiang Pavilion so stably. Otherwise, a super sect like the Fenxiang Pavilion would definitely not take in an unidentified person like Xiao Yan. .

"I don't know how she's doing now?"

"When she joined the super sect, she said that she would come to me when she reached the five-star Dou Emperor and successfully broke through the six-star Dou Emperor's life calamity." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly, Xiao Yan had feelings for Yueru. It's just a trace of apology, and I want to try my best to make up for it, so that the Yue family has spared no effort to help me.

"What do you think?"

"So fascinated?" Qin Xin was a little surprised immediately, this Xiao Yan had too much dawn, and he had never seen him so lost.

"It's nothing, I think of some sad things, let's not mention them."

"By the way, now that I have broken through the second-grade emperor-rank pharmacist, you can also quickly refine the medicinal pills you need. After all, refining medicinal pills is no better than cultivation, and it will definitely take a lot of time." Xiao Yan changed the subject and said. .

"Yep."

"I am afraid that the medicinal pills I refined this time can be ranked at the peak of the second-rank emperor-level human-level medicinal pills. Are you confident..." After a little hesitation, Qinxin decided to ask, after all, refining medicinal pills is not Children's play, a small matter, if the pill destroys people, it is a big event. Besides, the pills that I need are too rare, and I have managed to collect all three medicinal materials. If it is such a waste, it would be a pity.

"It shouldn't be difficult to be at the peak of the second-rank emperor rank and the human rank." Xiao Yan suddenly smiled when he heard the words.

Qin Xin asked, so Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't say anything big, but Xiao Yan knew that Qin Xin had what she needed in her hands, so she would definitely do her best.

"Let's go to the backyard, the front yard is not quiet." Qinxin came to her residence and immediately looked around, then urged Xiao Yan.

"Let's go." When Xiao Yan heard this, he was not a long-winded person, and went straight to the backyard.

"Crackling." The two came to a rather shabby wooden hair in the backyard.

"Although it's a bit shabby, it's a good place to part-time medicine pills." Qin Xin said with disapproval.

Although this is her residence, Qinxin naturally doesn't have time to clean all the rooms after cultivating all day.

"It's fine." How could Xiao Yan care about these things? After all, what a pharmacist needs is only flames, medicine cauldrons, and medicinal materials. As for other things, good or bad doesn't matter.

"In that case, let's start." Seeing that Xiao Yan had no intention of delaying, Qin Xin felt slightly satisfied.

If it wasn't for the pills she refined this time, and Qinxin didn't want others to know about it, Qinxin's arrogance would definitely not ask Xiao Yan for help. A valuable medicinal material, which can make Qinxin feel some pain.

Although the strength behind her is huge enough, Qin Xin is not good at stretching out her gloves like a white wolf.

"Well, these are three medicinal herbs. As long as you can succeed once out of three chances, the rest of the medicinal herbs will be yours."

"As for your reward, I won't be able to treat you badly after it's done." On Qin Xin's delicate fingers, a few medicinal herbs flickered slightly, and then threw them directly to Xiao Yan.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded immediately. After all, the transaction between alchemists was like this.

"Get ready, I'm going to start."

"During the days when I was refining medicinal pills, don't let people disturb me, and don't touch me unless I call you." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

Although he refined the medicinal pills, some things had to be explained clearly, otherwise Xiao Yan would not be able to afford any mistakes when the pills were formed.

"I know." Qin Xin nodded as well, then looked at Xiao Yan.

"Is there anything else?" Xiao Yan immediately hesitated when he saw that Qin Xin was still not leaving.

"Is it gone?"

"Although I'm not a pharmacist, I can watch you refine medicine pills, and if there are any special circumstances halfway through the process, you can take action." Qin Xin explained.

"No need, you go out." Xiao said coldly.

"You!" Qinxin felt anxious when she heard the words.

When I was at home, let alone a second-grade emperor-rank pharmacist, even a more powerful third-rank emperor-rank pharmacist, as long as I wanted to see it, others would be eager to see it, but when I came to Xiao Yan's place...

Such a big gap made Qin Xin feel a little angry.

"Every pharmacist has the habits of each pharmacist."

"And my habit is that I don't like to be disturbed when I'm refining medicine pills, and I don't like to be stared at by others." Xiao Yan explained coldly, and then calmly adjusted his breath. As for the three The medicinal materials were placed in front of him.

"Humph!"

"As expected, pharmacists are quite unreasonable people."

"I'm leaving." Although Xiao Yan explained, Qin Xin still felt a little aggrieved, she snorted coldly, and closed the door of the firewood room, and she was worried and used her own strength to add a layer seal.

"Xiao Yan, it's up to you."

"I hope you don't let me down. After this sect competition is over, I will go back and inherit that thing. If they know the injury in my body at this time, I'm afraid..." Qinxin did everything well before she said earnestly. After saying a word, he slowly disappeared, leaving Xiao Yan alone.

"Do not worry."

"With my Emperor Yan, Xiao Yan, this pill that is at the peak of the emperor's second-rank human level is not a threat." Xiao Yan responded with Qinxin's prayer with a faint smile, but only a gust of wind sounded in response to Xiao Yan. .

Ask for tickets!