Chapter Vol 4 1962: The 8-star Douxian mid-term is scorching hot!

"Is it possible for a person like you to step into the Mother's Hall?"

"Get off me!" At this moment, an extremely terrifying Dou Qi on the middle-aged man suddenly turned into a ferocious lion, surrounded by countless flames, and roared directly towards the moving Xu Shao, terrifying Dou Qi energy It turned out that the surrounding void trembled slightly, countless hot winds shook, and even the void became distorted.

"I can't think of myself." Xu Shao didn't turn his head, he went straight to the top of the mountain, and said coldly, not to mention that he is also the power of the eight-star fighting immortal early stage, just these guys behind him are not happy in the face of reincarnation. Fear, a mere eight-star fighting immortal in the early stage, can't get into Xu Shao's eyes at all.

With a sound, the middle-aged man's terrifying attack was easily taken over by the old man beside Xu Shao. After a while, he squeezed his hands, and the lion shadow of terrifying energy that seemed extremely vicious was instantly shattered and annihilated.

"Your opponent...it's me!" Seeing this guy so strange, Yan Ling stepped forward in the distance, sealing all the backwardness of the middle-aged man. The flame fighting qi swept out and slowly wrapped around his body, the kind of fierce oppression, but it was heart-pounding.

"Damn it..." Seeing this, the middle-aged man frowned, and the power in his body became surging immediately.

"Oh...it's actually Mo Ze, who is quite famous among the guardians. The power of the eight-star Dou Xian early stage is enough to become my opponent. Take it!" Looking at the surging power on the middle-aged man, Yan Ling seemed to Recognizing the latter, the voice was filled with an extremely terrifying fiery!

Not long after, a red blade surrounded by flames appeared on the old man's body, embellishing the entire staircase, the extreme hot breath was suffocating.

"The sword is coming!" Mo Ze heard the words, his expression was solemn, and he whistled loudly. If Yanling was not subdued in time, I am afraid that Mistress's purification will be disturbed, and as the guardians of the mountains, they will also be subject to the Lord's mother's punishment.

However, among the eight ancient clans, the Yan clan, the Lei clan, the stone clan and the spirit clan were once suppressed by the Xiao clan, and many of them were oppressed by the great power of the Xiao clan. As well as the guardians of the Xiao clan, they are very angry.

Originally, they would have some scruples because of their strange resurrection, but seeing these guardians in front of them, the anger in their hearts became even hotter. At this moment, they don't care why they are resurrected, as long as they can defeat Xiao As a guardian of the clan, shame is the most important thing, so for the Xiao clan and its guardians, there is an inexplicable thirst for war.

For a time, the terrifying attacks of Mo Ze and Yan Ling swept across, and the fight was indistinguishable for a while.

"Boom!" Just as Xu Shao was moving, seven huge amber beams roared directly at him, with a mighty momentum that turned the entire sky into a fiery red glow. Extraordinary!

"Yanlie!" Seeing this, Xu Shao couldn't help but said to the only old man beside him.

Yan clan elder, Yan Lie, the mid-term strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal!

"Weng Om!" Yan Lie, who was beside him, hurriedly used a flame barrier to take over the attack of unknown origin, but the amber flame turned out to make him feel an extremely violent unease in his body.

"Xu Shao...are you running in such a hurry?" The attack had just been resisted, and suddenly a cold shout emerged from the foot of the mountain below, and then an amber flame swept across the entire world, causing the world to tremble slightly. .

"Xiao Yan, little bastard!" Hearing this extremely familiar voice, Xu Shao looked behind him, and when he saw Xiao Yan's figure, his voice became very strange and he couldn't help but madly said.

Xiao Yan has appeared on the list of their Soul Palace many times, but this guy has a lot of tricks and good luck. He escaped the pursuit of Soul Palace several times. Xu Shao is not a fool, he doesn't think he has the ability to catch him. The power to capture Xiao Yan, and his purpose is not Xiao Yan, but because of Xiao Yan's mystery, Xu Shao is also quite worried that Xiao Yan will destroy his plan.

"No, this time the plan is almost crucial, and Xiao Yan must not be allowed to destroy my good deeds!"

"Yanlie, stop him for me, let's go!"

"Immediately!" Xu Shao's expression changed, and he controlled the two dark red coffins behind him, his speed skyrocketed, and he went directly to the top of the mountain.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan glanced slightly and found that his way was blocked, but the two coffins behind Xu Shao at this time were obviously more powerful than the previous Lei Shi or the current second elder of the Yan clan!

At first glance, in addition to the induction of Xiao Yan's soul power, the two extremely mysterious dark red coffins exude a very strange aura, which makes Xiao Yan unpredictable. The icy power of the Ten Thousand Years of Frost Land eroded people's hearts, and even Xiao Yan's soul trembled slightly!

Lying in these two coffins, I am afraid that the lowest strength is also the perfection level of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal!

It may even be stronger than the two!

"I can stop the two of them, but..." Xiao Yan whispered to Su Xueying behind him, although Su Xueying's strength is low, but there are two holy flames in her body and Xiao Yan I vaguely feel that this girl has a mysterious power that even she can't see through.

"Thank you." At this moment, Su Xueying was not as arrogant as before, with a touch of touch in her beautiful eyes, and said to Xiao Yan.

"Xue'er, who is this?" Mo Ze, who was beside him, took advantage of the gap between the attacks and looked at how close Xiao Yan and Su Xueying were now, and hesitantly asked.

Su Xueying is the strongest among their guardians, and she is arrogant and arrogant. In the past, no man has ever approached.

"this is my friend."

"Uncle Mo, I'll trouble you here!" Su Xueying's light voice just fell, and she jumped, directly stepping on the white jade stairs, chasing Xu Shao towards the top of the mountain.

In the Mistress Hall, the mistress has been in retreat. If they are disturbed by this guy, I am afraid that they will all suffer from the anger of the mistress, because the mistress's mood is hot and cold, which makes people unpredictable.

"Send away, can you rest assured to fight now?" Seeing Xiao Yan sending Su Xueying away, a frenzy appeared on the corner of Yanlie's mouth in front of him, and he immediately said solemnly.

"It seems that you are very confident in your own strength." Xiao Yan had long noticed the conceit of the two Yan clan elders in front of him, but in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, he was still unable to form a real resistance to Xiao Yan.

"Go ahead!"

"Being able to kill the descendants of the Xiao clan is a shame." Yan Lie naturally didn't care about other things. His body, his strength, spewed out like a spring in an instant, and immediately enveloped him and Xiao Yan completely. !

That is the power of the enchantment, and seeing the smile on the corner of Yan Lie's mouth is extremely sinister, it looks like he wants to completely kill Xiao Yan here, in order to vent the shame of being defeated by the Xiao clan in the past!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: