Chapter 362: Backlash?

"Damn residual power..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but scolded, and the next moment, he also suddenly realized that his body could not move at all under the control of the fairy sword!

This frightened Xiao Yan, so Xiao Yan also hurriedly activated the Burning Jue in his body, trying to resist the invasion of the remaining power of the immortal sword!

If he was controlled by the residual power of this fairy sword, the consequences would be unimaginable.

"Give up resistance..."

"How can I say that I am also the residual power left by the three fighting immortal powerhouses."

"Don't say it's because of your mediocre four-star Dou Emperor mid-stage strength, even if you add the two old guys outside, you won't be able to defeat me in a short period of time," a voice in the fairy sword also slowly echoed Xiao Yan. Sounded in my mind.

"Get out!" Xiao Yan also shouted in his heart, and then the next moment, as the force of that Hu continued to penetrate into Xiao Yan's brain control center, Xiao Yan also felt that he was gradually losing control of this body. !

"It can't go on like this!" Xiao Yan also broke off immediately. The next moment, in the soul realm, the huge soul power also poured into his brain control center frantically, trying to resist the invasion of the remaining power of the immortal sword!

"This fairy sword actually wants to control Xiao Yanzi!" The Golden Dragon King also snorted coldly.

"Do it!" The next moment, the Golden Dragon King also said a few words slowly to Xiao Yan next to him, and then said to Long Yi.

"So that's it..." Xiao Yan was also shocked by the strength of the immortal sword at the beginning, but now he is also trying to prevent the immortal sword from controlling himself, thus making a big fight.

Following the words of his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan's eyes sank slightly, is it really okay to do this...

However, Xiao Yan did not hesitate. Out of his trust in his master, the Golden Dragon King, he secretly made up his mind.

The next moment, the power in the body also slowly fell like a discouragement.

The power of the immortal sword that invaded Xiao Yan's body was also a big joy, and then regardless of the three-seven-twenty-one, it went straight to the control center of Xiao Yan's brain!

In the past, I was able to control the body of this human kid, and then the people here will be...

At this time, Xiao Yan's body was exuding a mysterious green light, and upon closer inspection, this green light was clearly emanating from the immortal sword!

The green power slowly formed a protective shield around Xiao Yan's body, surrounding Xiao Yan.

The Golden Dragon King waved his palm viciously towards Xiao Yan, and the next moment, the bright golden light also poured into the green power on Xiao Yan's body!

However, the strange thing is that the Golden Dragon King's seemingly invincible golden Dou Qi was suddenly swallowed up when it passed through the green Dou Qi around Xiao Yan's body!

Disappeared without a trace!

The next moment, Long Yi also opened his **** mouth, and then spit out a long breath at Xiao Yan!

The scorching wave and the destructive power were mixed together to attack Xiao Yan.

The next moment, it was exactly the same, the green power that had just touched Xiao Yan's body was completely swallowed up!

"What kind of power is this..."

"It can actually swallow my fighting spirit..." At this time, the Golden Dragon King also ignored the mysterious round objects and mysterious meteorites in front of him, but prepared to deal with the residual power on the immortal sword first.

The Golden Dragon King is the leader of the dragon clan, and the Golden Dragon King in his peak period is known as the strongest person who is closest to the level of the Dragon God!

Dragon God, that is a real fighting **** level powerhouse, but it is obviously not nonsense that the Golden Dragon King can get such a title.

Now, the green energy above this fairy sword can actually swallow the power of the Golden Dragon King, which makes the Golden Dragon King think.

"Wait a minute." Just when Long Yi was about to launch an attack, the Golden Dragon King raised his hand to signal Long Yi.

"Your Excellency?" Facing the words of the Golden Dragon King, Long Yi dared to have any doubts!

After all, no matter from the future or now, Long Yi has great respect for the Golden Dragon King who was once the most powerful of the Dragon Clan!

But take a step back and say that the power of blood in the Golden Dragon King's body is also extremely terrifying to suppress Long Yi. If the Golden Dragon King hadn't deliberately suppressed the fluctuation, then the terrifying coercion from the superiors could also make Long Yi's Worship up.

"What do you think that is?" The Golden Dragon King also slowly pointed at Xiao Yan's neck.

"That's..." After Long Yi finished speaking, he also stared at Xiao Yan's neck.

At this time, Xiao Yan was standing on the ground without any master, and the immortal sword was also tightly held in his hand, and a green grudge surrounded him slowly!

But the next moment, there was a blue light on Xiao Yan's neck, slowly emitting from the conch-like thing on his neck!

Then it slowly gathered in Xiao Yan's forehead!

"Looks like we're overthinking it."

"Then Yuxuan should have done some tricks in the sound of the sea in the end. When Xiao Yan encounters insurmountable trouble, he will also take action." The Golden Dragon King naturally felt the blue light slowly emitting from the conch shell. The light of color is like the sea, as deep as the abyss and unfathomable!

"Wait quietly, I always feel that something is staring at us, be careful." After the Golden Dragon King finished speaking, he also glanced around, but he didn't find it, so he had to do it, and then looked at Xiao Yan.

The reason why they didn't dare to enter the ten-meter space of the mysterious meteorite is that the Golden Dragon King, with the experience of the old man, knew that the place where such treasures were kept would definitely not be so simple, so it was just left in the fairy sword. The scene of the power agreement But until now, the fact that the power of life can be condensed in the mysterious meteorite was also discovered by the Golden Dragon King, so this agreement is naturally self-defeating.

However, the Golden Dragon King is also quite curious as to why this fairy sword is so obsessed with the mysterious meteorite, even if it is obtained at all costs!

Judging from the reaction just now of the power remaining in the fairy sword, it clearly knew some mysterious functions of the mysterious meteorite, and it could not be said that it knew something that the Golden Dragon King did not know.

In the loneliness of the forbidden area at this time, there was a dead silence, as if the sound of breathing had become solemn.

Since Xiao Yan heard the words of his master Jin Longwang, he simply gave up his resistance, because what his master Jinlongwang said to himself was that it would be better to let the remaining power in this fairy sword go wild and wipe it out!

These words just appeared in Xiao Yan's mind, Xiao Yan was also surprised, but after a short thought, he also agreed with the approach of his master, the Golden Dragon King.

After all, no matter what, Xiao Yan still has huge soul power and spiritual power in his body, and at Xiao Yan's level of soul power, even if his body is destroyed, there is still a chance of survival, so he simply fights.

"Why is it trying to control my body..." Xiao Yan also found that after the green power entered his body, he didn't stop there, and went straight to the control center in the deepest part of his body. !

Trying to gain control of your own body!

However, Xiao Yan also discovered that the immortal sword in his hand seemed to emit a slight scream, and the tip of the sword pointed to the mysterious meteorite hanging high ten meters away in front of him!

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: