Chapter Vol 4 1514: The trump card of the Hidden Soul Society, the forbidden hand!

"Boom!" At this time, the space inside the Qiankun Ancient Array was completely detonated by the power of countless thunderbolts. Suddenly, the sound of thunderbolts resounded, so that the poisonous brakes of the earth were eaten up. The power, but with overwhelming restraint, even spread to the soul, but it was covered by the blood-colored lines on the black mist.

In an instant, outside the Dawn Light Gate formation, the ghosts sat down cross-legged, and mysterious and strange forces emerged, constantly cracking the Dawn Light Gate, and the hall of the Poison Temple Demon Empress, which was completely suppressed by the Dawn Light Gate formation, was also slow. emerge slowly.

Inside the great hall surrounded by the Gate of Dawn Light, the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple was imprisoned.

And in this hall, there is a special space surrounded by turquoise evil rays of light. The air that can be seen everywhere in the space actually contains deadly venom. There are no decorations in the space, only with A cyan throne.

On the azure throne, a figure of a woman who is indistinguishable from ordinary human beings sits slowly, the woman is dressed in red, and a special pattern of turquoise outlines between her eyebrows, which shows her status and strength!

The emperor-level powerhouse of the extraterritorial evil race is comparable to the poisonous demon queen of the human six-star fighting immortal powerhouse!

"The Sky Poison Temple has fallen... But after so many years, someone finally came to break the seal."

"Looking at this breath, it seems that they are the subordinates of the Soul Palace. Several old guys in the Soul Palace have made a lot of credit for helping our foreign evil race. I really miss the days when they fought side by side with them."

"However, these guys don't know what is good or bad, and they want to replace our foreign evil clan. It's a fool's dream." The red-clothed shadow finished, posing an elegant sitting posture, and then lying on her side on the throne. Now she only needs Waiting for the soul evil to crack the morning light gate, you can completely regain your freedom!

On the other side, with the use of the Thor Scroll, Xiao Yan and the two easily escaped from the formation and returned to the outside of the ancient Qiankun formation.

"The combat power of these guys is really not to be underestimated." When he just came to the battle, he immediately looked at Du Qifei who was in retreat. Xiao Yan couldn't help but speak. It is difficult for the strong to fight, and even the strong from the four continents continue to fall into the disadvantage.

"Xiao Gui, go ahead and drive out or kill all these powerhouses from the Soul Society and the Soul Palace!" As soon as the words fell, Xiao Yan and the two of them turned towards Mo Tianxing, the leader of the Soul Society, and the leader of the Soul Palace, respectively. .

"Hey!" Although Duo Qifei said that his strength had skyrocketed to the level of the three-star Dou Xian, but the time was too short to completely control this power. Therefore, Mo Tianxing, who was facing the half-step four-star Dou Xian for a while, turned out to be retreating steadily. .

"Suffer to death!" Mo Tianxing watched Du Qifei's retreat, his eyes became sharp, and he was ready to use a tyrannical offensive to obliterate him.

"Are you okay?" Xiao Yan came directly to Du Qifei, stopped Mo Tianxing's seemingly tyrannical blow, and asked.

"Why did you come out, there..." Duo Qifei's face was slightly pale, obviously it was extremely difficult to deal with Mo Tianxing.

"The ancient formation of Qiankun has been controlled by the evil spirits, I'm afraid this time..." Xiao Yan replied softly.

"Damn it..." Duan Qifei heard the words, her beautiful eyes could not help but slowly wrinkle, if the Poison Temple Demon Empress broke the seal, I am afraid that these people's situation is extremely bad.

"The top priority now is to expel these guys first, and then notify the powerhouses of Tianming Villa." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

According to his master, the Lord of Soul Eater, the Soul Evil does have the power to crack the Gate of Dawn Light, but being able to crack the seal does not mean that he can capture the Poisonous Demon Empress, so he is also ready to take advantage of the fisherman.

"Where did the rat come from..." Seeing that his tyrannical blow was blocked by Xiao Yan, Mo Tianxing snorted coldly, if it wasn't for Xiao Yan's sudden appearance, Duan Qifei would have been defeated at this time.

"You rest, this guy, I'll deal with it." Slowly speaking to Du Qifei, Xiao Yan suddenly jumped and came directly in front of him.

"Xiao Yan?"

"It really takes no effort to get through the iron shoes and find nowhere!" After Xiao Yan was quite close to Mo Tianxing, the latter also found Xiao Yan's figure. This guy is the Six Soul Venerable of the Soul Palace. A human being captured by a cooperative designation.

"You seem to know me?" Xiao Yan asked immediately, with a dangerous arc on the corner of his mouth.

"Entrusted by others, I will bring you to justice."

"Let's capture it!" As soon as the words fell, a colorless water wave appeared all over Mo Tianxing's body, whistling towards Xiao Yan with extremely turbulent power.

"Half-step Four-Star Fighting Immortal?" Xiao Yan's heart shuddered when he saw this, and he directly cast the fiery technique, which suddenly added a touch of solemnity to the world.

"What a fast speed." Mo Tianxing also muttered when he saw Xiao Yan's lightning-like speed after his hot blast.

"No, it can't be dragged on like this, we must subdue this guy as soon as possible, and then go to the ancient Qiankun array to get back some things directly, after all, there is something to break the seal of my lord, if the soul is treachery, then our hidden soul will meet. This time, I am afraid that the loss will be heavy." After a short while, Mo Tianxing also muttered to himself as he watched the battle in the four directions is very hot.

"There seems to be something on this guy..." Suddenly, Xiao Yan felt an unprecedented terrifying aura from this guy. The aura was as chilling as a giant from the deep sea.

"Xiao Yan, being able to force me to use this thing is a kind of recognition for you."

"So... accept your life!"

"Forbidden Hand!" In an instant behind Mo Tianxing, an arm that was about the same as a human being was slowly sacrificed by him, and above that arm, a monstrous light enveloped slowly. Slowly forming a strange pattern that contains heart palpitations, the power contained in the pattern, for Xiao Yan, is tantamount to a colossus that is unmatched.

"Tsk tsk... It's actually the forbidden hand. It seems that the guy in the Hidden Soul Society who was sealed by the Heavenly Pluto should be the forbidden sea king." After a while, the Soul Eater explained.

"Forbidden Sea King?" Xiao Yan asked suspiciously while being vigilant.

Forbidden Sea King, it is said that this guy is a human, but his strength has reached the perfect level of five-star fighting immortal, and he is only one step away from six-star fighting immortal. He holds a grudge against the master of the plane, so he colluded with the strong Chenhai to form a hidden soul that would intercept Tianming Villa.

"It turns out that there is such a secret." Xiao Yan was relieved when he heard the words, but his whole body was focused on the arm, and the power contained in the special lines on the arm was enough to make Xiao Yan quite difficult.

With the appearance of this taboo arm, the battle situation in the sky suddenly found an earth-shaking change.