Chapter Vol 4 1417: Brief confrontation!

"He's really a kid who isn't afraid of death..."

"However, the mere 2-star Dou Xian's perfect strength, but it's not enough to see." The mysterious man was disdainful of Xiao Yan's attack. In his eyes, this kind of 2-star Dou Xian powerhouse, no matter how tyrannical the offensive is, is in his own 3-star battle. In the hands of Dou Xian's strength, there is only the fate of being crushed, not to mention that this is still in the sea of ​​dust at this time, in his own territory.

"Without further ado!"

"Look at the move!" Xiao Yan didn't talk nonsense with this guy, his body jumped, wrapped in dazzling soul power, temporarily overcoming the suppression in the mysterious sea water, and then his feet moved quickly above the water surface, launching an attack on the man, He knows that to fight this guy, he must take thunderous means, after all, this is their territory.

"Crash!" The dazzling flames gathered directly on the ancient ruler of the strange fire behind him, so with the fierce flame power, they directly slashed at the man.

However, even though Xiao Yan made such a fierce attack, the giant flame of fire, which was enough to make the two-star Douxian Perfection powerhouse fearful in the past, was greatly reduced above this sea water.

"Fire attribute?" The man looked at Xiao Yan's attack, but opened his mouth in surprise, and even his voice was full of playfulness.

"Boom!" Facing Xiao Yan's powerful blow, the water flowed around the man's body suddenly and strangely, and then formed a water shield several tens of meters in size in front of his body, trying to block Xiao Yan's attack.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky!" The bright low roar came directly from Xiao Yan's mouth, and then the hot waves of fire filled the air, adding a lot of color to this sea area.

"Sister, look, that's..."

"Big Brother Xiao Yan?" On a boat not far from Xiao Yan's group of five, the two Qianying also spoke slowly.

"Xiao Yan?" The next moment, Qian Ying on the side couldn't help but exclaim.

The two of them are the sisters of the Yu family, Yu Ran Ran Yu Wei, and Yu Ran Ran naturally qualified through the competition. As for Yu Wei, she also obtained the qualification with the help of Xiao Yan, but when Xiao Yan entered the third stage of the competition, Because the foreign evil race and the cultivation thing have been forgotten.

"Be careful." Yu Ran Ran also knew that at this moment, the only thing they could do was to be careful.

But don't underestimate the sisters of the Yu family. After all, the head of the Yu family has a very deep friendship with some old monsters in Tianming Villa.

"Boom!" A giant flame of hot flames suddenly appeared, and it was about to hit the enemy. In front of the mysterious man, a stream of water rose like the sky, and a mysterious repulsive force above the water immediately sent Xiao Yan's attack was isolated!

"Seven feet together!" Seeing that his first strike was blocked, Xiao Yan frowned suddenly, the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire was in his hand, and a series of seven flaming rulers with a size of dozens of feet rushed toward him.

The flame giant ruler carried a rather scorching aura. After a while, not knowing whether it was because of the richness of the energy of the heavens and the earth or the influence of the sea, Xiao Yan clearly noticed that his attack seemed to weaken after he let go.

"Tips for carving insects..."

"Waterproof Shield!" Facing Xiao Yan's seven-foot flame attack, the man smiled slowly, and the abnormally arrogant arrogance in his voice continued to grow stronger.

As soon as he finished speaking, the sea water under his feet wriggled like a elf, and countless water currents easily and completely protected the entire body!

"Bang bang bang!" The hot fire wave hit the water shield, but it did not break the water shield instantly, because the power of its flame was greatly reduced, which made Xiao Yan's attack much weaker, and finally Xiao Yan's flame was huge. , was forcibly cracked by the water shield.

"This time, it's a bit tricky..." Looking at the thin man in front of him, Xiao Yan frowned. Obviously, this is the first step in entering Tianming Mountain Villa. Naturally, he didn't want to expose Tianzi and many other means, but this stumbling block in front of him. Its strength should not be underestimated. If it is hidden and tucked, it is very likely that an accident will occur, so it is also hesitant for a while.

"Although this guy is weak, the flames on his body are a little weird."

"It seems that this time, there are some good guys here."

"Master Haishou will definitely be very happy to capture these guys back... Although I don't know why Master Haishou is looking for these strange people." The mysterious man stepped on the surface of the water and resisted Xiao Yan's attack. whispered softly.

With his strength, this flame power actually made him feel a little uneasy, so he sensed something was wrong.

The Hidden Soul Society, this is a force living in the sea of ​​dust, no one knows who they serve, and no one knows where their base camp is.

However, this force is the enemy of Tianming Mountain Villa, so every time the four continents compete, they will send troops to intercept the participating disciples, but fortunately, the high-level officials of both sides restrict each other, so the powers sent are almost only some three-star fighting immortals or less. guy.

But Tianming Villa did not pay attention to it. For them, this behavior of the Hidden Soul Society was to provoke them, but secretly, it was also to eliminate some weak guys in the four continents competition.

After all, if you can't defeat even such a simple hunt, let alone participating in the Four Continents Competition, Fang is just a shame.

"Let me come." After a while, Yun Qi's delicate body jumped into the water, and he also used the power of his soul to suspend above the sea water for a short time, but when he approached Xiao Yan, his jade hand wriggled, as if he had swallowed something This guy is very strong. "Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"I'm afraid you can only enter Tianming Villa by defeating this guy, so... give you a little time." After Yun Qi finished speaking, his delicate body suddenly lifted into the air and shot directly at the mysterious man. At the early stage of the Three Star Dou Xian, she knew that Xiao Yan had many means of destruction, but it took time to use it.

"This guy has actually broken through the three-star Dou Xian." Looking at Yun Qi, who was like a fish on the sea surface, Mu Ge couldn't help but said, just after the voice fell, he suddenly jumped, and also came to Yun Qi's side, look like this , was trying to buy time for Xiao Yan.

"Is the effect of the medicine pill... as expected of a high-level pharmacist." Seeing Yun Qi's appearance, Xiao Yan also smiled slowly, because Yun Qi also has the fire attribute, but just because he swallowed something, he actually overcame it. The mysterious suppression of the sea water should be due to the use of some high-level medicinal herbs.

"Forget it...let's try the formation method."

"After the Dongzhou incident, I don't know how the formation's power can reach various levels." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he sat cross-legged directly on the surface of the sea, but inside his body, there were core inscriptions that were extremely mysterious, but they were At a speed invisible to the naked eye, it floods the sea area for several miles!

At this time, Yun Qi and Mu Ge met the so-called mysterious man at the same time.

https://

Genius website address: . Mobile version reading website: