Chapter Vol 4 1898: Preliminary fights, some tricks!

"Boy!"

"Suffer to death!" A cold snort, followed by a bone-chilling chill, swept the entire intelligence camp, and boundless bleak killing intent swept out, and immediately a human-shaped monster wrapped in green scales disappeared into Xiao Yan's sight. among.

"I'm afraid this guy's defensive power and combat power are terrifyingly strong." Looking at the black shadow of the monster that suddenly appeared in front of him, his fierce monster eyes were full of endless anger, and the green scales on his body were like sharp sharp Barb, releasing an extremely tyrannical demon!

"Wanhan Prisoner Pillar!" Lin Shuai just appeared, and a milky white demonic energy condensed out of his body, and immediately spread out in this extremely cold field, without giving Xiao Yan any counter-attack at all. It is such a terrifying offensive, I am afraid it is intended to be a quick decision.

"Boom!" With a sound, countless white mists emerged in the field, and they were suffocating cold, and instantly turned into countless cold icicles, filling the entire field, and above these icicles, The tyrannical seal contained in it to suppress the aura also shocked Xiao Yan.

"Fire!" Seeing such a terrifying scene when Lin Shuai made a move, Xiao Yan didn't dare to be careless. With a roar, the Great Heavenly Seed of Crimson Flame emerged from his body. With the blessing of the fighting spirit, Xiao Yan was temporarily spared The erosion of these icy forces.

"Early stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals?"

"What's going on?" The moment Xiao Yan just made his move, Lin Shuai also smelled Xiao Yan's exact strength, and immediately asked with doubts in his demon eyes.

"Hey, I don't have time to play with you!"

"The sea of ​​crimson flames!"

"Immortal Fire Feather!" Xiao Yan laughed softly, countless fiery red Great Heavenly Seed flames and gray feathers, the two intertwined and slanted away from Xiao Yan!

Like a pure river that has fallen into the world from the nine heavens, the monstrous weather contained in it makes Lin Shuai unable to help but feel a chill in his heart.

"Suppress this commander!" Looking at Xiao Yan's terrifying attack, it was clearly not equal to his strength, but Lin Shuai forcibly held back and said.

"Gulu, I won't play with you anymore."

"These things, I will accept them with a smile." At the end of the sentence, Xiao Yan's figure suddenly broke through the ice field very strangely, so he gently stood on the intelligence camp and smiled.

"This guy..." At this moment, Lin Shuai's demon eyes couldn't help but become heavy. This guy who seemed to be only in the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals was probably the most terrifying of the two.

"Want to run?"

"The power of the cold pillar!" Watching Xiao Yan prepare to escape, Lin Shuai released the power of milky white ice in his hands, trying to keep Xiao Yan here forever.

"Crack!" It was just that when the milky **** just touched Xiao Yan's side, an amber flame appeared and enveloped Xiao Yan, completely shattering it and disintegrating it.

"This flame..." Looking at Xiao Yan's means, Lin Shuai had no intention of continuing to shoot, but just stood there blankly, as if thinking about something.

"It's really troublesome." Xiao Yan dealt with Lin Shuai's attack, and just planned to escape. Looking at the Tianhu Demon Shuai surrounded by tens of thousands of scale demons in the distant sky, he muttered, his body turned into a flaming meteor, and he burst into it. go.

"This guy...that's all."

"Maybe this can cause some obstacles to the evil-eyed demon king." Looking at Xiao Yan's leaving figure, Lian Shuai also laughed, otherwise with his strength, if he really wanted to keep Xiao Yan, it was not impossible. , but at that time, I am afraid it is a real life and death battle!

"The nameless, hurry up and capture!"

"Otherwise, I will let you die here forever!" In the sky, the five demon generals shone with extremely dazzling demonic energy, and immediately their auras and tens of thousands of scaled demons were slowly intertwined, forming a terrifying effect on each other. Strength, let Tianhu Yaoshuai retreat.

"As expected of a well-trained Monster Beast Legion, I don't know how Master Xiao Yan is doing." Tianhu Monster Commander wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and immediately his breath was shaking, and the terrifying attack was directly in front of him. The enemy attacked away.

"Boom!" These scale monsters united to form a square lineup of integrated attack and defense, which made the Tianhu monster helpless. It felt like their own attacks would be easily resolved by them, and their attacks, He had no choice but to bite the bullet, but as time went on, the scars on Tianhu Yaoshuai became more and more obvious. On the other hand, the power of these scale monsters became more and more terrifying.

"Are you alright?" After resting, Xiao Yan's body appeared beside Tianhu Yaoshuai, looking at Tianhu Yaoshuai with a weak breath, he asked with concern.

"Lord Xiao Yan, hurry up, the combined power of these guys is too weird." Seeing Xiao Yan appearing, the Demon Commander Tianhu hurriedly shouted.

He was just a rough man, and it was fine for him to obey orders and obey orders to fight, but if it was about ordering, that would be his weakness, and now that he had Xiao Yan, who was smart and brave, he was willing to obey.

"The information has been obtained, let's go together." Xiao Yan did not hesitate and smiled slowly.

"But..." Tianhu Yaoshuai wanted to say something, but he looked at Xiao Yan's body, the traces of hot flames, from dim to dazzling, from dull to divine!

That feeling is like a dazzling star falling into the mortal world. At this moment, the boundless vast power is renewing its true luster!

"Bloom!" With a cold snort A pale yellow delicate lotus seed slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's hands, and immediately attacked the copper wall and iron wall formed by tens of thousands of scale monsters.

In order not to expose all his means, Xiao Yan did not use the four-color Buddha's Wrath Samsara, but used the immortal flame as a guide, and the condensed fire lotus, with the power of the immortal flame and Xiao Yan's soul power, is also enough to defeat the scale demon 's combined power.

"Boom!" With a sound, the power of immortality erupted, and the lotus seeds erupted completely, and the waves of incomparably hot waves spread like a beam of destruction, and the shocking and terrifying energy contained in them made all the demon generals look on their faces. Big change!

"not good!"

"Go back!" Seeing Xiao Yan's sudden appearance with such a bizarre attack, several demon generals shrank their pupils and lost their voices.

"Boom!" Unfortunately, it took time to convey the order. When it arrived, the huge square formed by the tens of thousands of scale monsters in front of him was directly hit by Xiao Yan's one-colored fire lotus and soul power.

20,000 scale monsters, more than one-fifth of the casualties!

"Wanhan Territory!"

"Search for me!"

"Be sure to find these two **** beasts!"

"Thousands of knives are slashed!" In an instant, Lin Shuai shot in time, and the extremely dazzling cold power permeated, and just then he slowly resisted the spread of Xiao Yan's fire lotus, otherwise the losses would continue to increase.

With the appearance of this scene, the entire Tianyuan battlefield shook violently. It seemed that several other places were also aware of such strong energy ripples. However, Xiao Yan and the two brought information and thanked their troops for joining together.

Having the first experience of fighting against the army of the Demon King of Evil Eyes will be of great benefit to Xiao Yan and the others in their future battles.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: