Chapter Vol 4 1286: Immortal rank 4th rank alchemist!

"Boom!" The power of thunder continued to form incomparably tyrannical forces in the sky, as if it was expressing its dissatisfaction with Xiao Yan. When the time was right, the power of thunder came out in full force, I am afraid that the entire Thunder City four A part of the territory will be turned into nothingness.

The Alchemist Association naturally has their protective measures. Otherwise, if this thunder spreads out in the Thunder City and explodes completely, I am afraid that most of the Thunder City will be turned to ashes.

"Jie!" At the next moment, Tan Chen and Hua Fei appeared directly above the Alchemist Association. At that time, Tan Chen waved his hand, an extremely tyrannical force of imprisonment, which directly formed a tyrannical force between the Alchemist Association and the outside world. Incomparably transparent enchantment!

Although the elixir robbery is tyrannical, it is far from the power to break Tan Chen's enchantment, so whether Xiao Yan succeeds or not, it will not have any impact on the outside world.

"Huhu." Seeing Tan Chen's action, the other onlookers suddenly felt relieved. Otherwise, once Xiao Yan failed, it would probably affect Chi Yu, and they would also be affected.

"It seems that the vice president of the Alchemist Association can make a move. It seems that this guy's strength should not be underestimated." And among the crowd, some hidden powerhouses also said slowly.

"Boom!" At this moment, in the sky, the extremely dark thunderclouds continued to condense, forming a storm of destruction. Xiao Yan is only a two-star fighting immortal, and I am afraid that his situation is in jeopardy.

"Immortal pill robbery really isn't comparable to that of an emperor." Xiao Yan felt the incomparably bright thunderclouds around him, and couldn't help but said.

Relying on Xiao Yan's perception, he was surprised to discover that among the elixir robbery, the most obvious thing with the emperor-level pill thunder was that he possessed the power of the domain law!

Although what he has drawn is only the fourth-grade dan thunder of the immortal rank, the power of the domain law is so small that it can be ignored, but it is a genuine possession!

"The pill tribulation of the Immortal-level pharmacist is called the Immortal Pill Tribulation."

"There are nine calamities and nine colors in the elixir robbery!"

"Fourth rank of the immortal rank, the third rank of heaven, earth and profound, can lead to one, two and three colors of elixir calamities."

"Now that you have refined the fourth-grade celestial elixirs of the immortal rank, and the ability to draw out the three-color immortal elixirs, it means that the quality of your elixirs has reached the peak!" Tan Chen explained to Xiao Yan.

"I see." Xiao Yan nodded and said relieved.

From the fourth rank of the immortal rank to the seventh rank of the **** rank, there are three equal ranks and nine minor ranks, and the nine-color elixir robbery undoubtedly corresponds to each rank of the immortal rank.

"Zizi!" The black thunder was like a world-annihilating light, and finally, under everyone's attention, it slowly condensed and completed, turning into a huge beam of three-color thunder, which suddenly bloomed beside Xiao Yan.

"Three-color elixir tribulation... This guy is too terrifying." When Hua Fei noticed the elixir tribulation brought out by Xiao Yan, Hua Fei's heart was also severely hit.

Before he met Xiao Yan, he was the hope of the entire Alchemist Association. At a young age, he had reached the level of the fairyland soul of the fourth-grade pharmacist, but after seeing Xiao Yan so perverted, his mind seemed to be the same. Some quiet changes are taking place.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The three-color elixir tribulation just condensed and formed, and immediately launched a devastating attack on Xiao Yan.

"Damn..." And how did Xiao Yan know that the three-color elixir robbery, with the help of the thunder cloud's increase, the continuous power of thunder, actually attacked him directly in the form of self-destruction. He tried his best to go straight up.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's palm with dazzling fighting spirit directly hit the three-color elixir tribulation, but the elixir tribulation seemed to be nothing, and it still launched a violent attack on Xiao Yan.

Although the power of the three-color elixir tribulation is not bad, don’t forget that Xiao Yan has been tempered by the Dragon God’s first transformation into dragon blood, and his body strength is no less than that of some low-level dragon clan, so taking the power of thunder is also quite easy.

"no."

"These three-color elixir robbery attacks in such a self-destructing way, sooner or later I will fail because of the exhaustion of vindictiveness."

"There must be one trick to understand." Xiao Yan couldn't help saying in his heart.

"Good luck with a punch!"

"Broken mountains and rivers!" Xiao Yan's breath soared to the extreme, and then he punched out a tyrannical wind, which directly hit the three-color elixir tribulation, and then the incomparably fierce elixir tribulation collapsed in an instant!

It's just that few people noticed that above Xiao Yan's fist, a khaki flame disappeared in a flash!

"Immortal rank fourth-grade heavenly pharmacist... Holy flame..."

"It seems that this time the East Continent ratio is lively."

"No, I have to go to the master of the sword-forging Thunder Valley. With this guy here, I have to add a pharmacist to the competition." Tan Chen smiled slowly, and then his figure disappeared directly into the alchemist association.

Xiao Yan completely wiped out the elixir tribulation, and he did not stay above the sky, but directly submerged into the Alchemist Association, leaving a stunned crowd looking at each other.

"Little guy, congratulations."

"You are the youngest immortal-rank fourth-grade heaven-level pharmacist above our entire Eastern Continent." Xiao Yan just returned to the alchemist association, and suddenly Tan Chen's figure appeared, but in his hand, a gorgeous The alchemist's robe and a medal slowly appeared.

"Senior is wrong, junior is just lucky." Xiao Yan said modestly.

"This is the medal and robe of your alchemist rank."

"Remember, this alchemist rank medal is recognized by any alchemist association in the world."

"So you can hold this level of medal Many alchemist associations will treat you like a guest." Tan Chen said with a smile.

"Junior understands." Xiao Yan nodded slowly.

"Go on. You deserve it." Tan Chen smiled, and then handed the medal and robe to Xiao Yan.

Just as Xiao Yan started, he immediately noticed that on top of his medal, a huge immortal character appeared, even a circle of special lines, which made the medal quite mysterious.

"Tomorrow will issue the rules for this Eastern Continent ratio, and the day after tomorrow will officially start."

"Little guy, this time the champion of Dongzhou Ratio is quite rewarding. I'm looking forward to your performance." Tan Chen said with a smile.

"Thank you, senior."

"If that's the case, the juniors will not bother you, so I will retire first." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he was also polite to Tan Chen, then left the Alchemist Association and quietly returned to the City Lord's Mansion, quietly waiting for tomorrow's meeting. arrival.

"Master." With Xiao Yan's departure, Hua Fei's figure slowly appeared in the hall. Obviously, Xiao Yan's actions just now made Hua Fei quite a blow.

"Come on down, the East Continent Rival is about to begin. This is also an experience for you." Tan Chen said.

"Yes." Hua Fei nodded lightly after hearing this.

"Master, where are you going?" Hua Fei asked the next moment, watching Tan Chen go in another direction.

"Go to Forge Thunder Valley, this guy named Xiao Yan is a bit interesting." After Tan Chen finished speaking, his breath disappeared immediately. Obviously, this kind of four-star fighting immortal powerhouse came and went in such a hurry.