Chapter Vol 2 759: Cheng Dan

"Twenty days have passed, how is Xiao Yan's progress?" Qinxin sat on the top of the empty courtyard, looking forward to it.

It's not that Qinxin felt that Xiao Yan's refining was unsuccessful, but Qinxin was a little worried about Xiao Yan's progress. The things in the ruins, I am afraid...

"Miss." Qinxin was worried that she had not appeared for a long time, and a rather ruthless man wearing a huge windbreaker appeared in Qinxin's compound in an instant.

The man is the figure who appeared in the Burning Incense Pavilion before. The dignified Nine Star Dou Di is probably responsible for protecting Qinxin.

Moreover, Qinxin's life experience is extremely huge, and the energy behind the people who can be protected by the nine-star Doudi powerhouse can be imagined.

"What are you doing here!" Seeing this person, Qin Xin suddenly said with a hint of anger on her calm and pretty face.

I have already told him, don't always enter the Burning Incense Pavilion, there are not a few people who can arrest him in the Burning Incense Pavilion. If these old guys know about it, I am afraid it will be extremely troublesome.

"Miss, things on the empire's side are imminent. I'm afraid that within three years, the empire will be in chaos..."

"You have the blood of the royal family and you are very talented. We are all waiting for you to go back."

"So Miss, I'm afraid you can't stay here, otherwise your elder brothers are jealous of what you have, and maybe they will send some powerful experts to come..." The cold man said with great worry.

The ruthless man followed Qinxin, naturally he didn't want his master to die inexplicably.

"I am free, and I said that once the sect competition here is over, I will return to the empire to start over again." Qin Xin changed her previous gentleness and said coldly like a killer.

That is a powerful aura!

That kind of aura can only be possessed by those born in the real royal family!

"But Miss, the resources here in the Xuanling Continent are too scarce..." The cold man wanted to say something, but he couldn't get out of his mouth.

"How's your royal father?" Qin Xin didn't take it seriously, she just asked softly.

"Medical Immortal Cuiweng has already said that the Emperor will not live for a year at most." The cold man immediately said in a panic.

"I see, you go down." Qin Xin heard the words, her heart suddenly felt a sharp pain.

"Alas." The ruthless man sighed and disappeared.

"My father was also a real Immortal Fighter during his lifetime. How could he be so weak? There must be some secrets in it. It seems that my elder brothers have done a lot of good things during my absence in the empire. "

"Furthermore, since he is as powerful as Cui Weng's medical immortal strength, I'm afraid this matter is very high, sigh..." Qin Xin said with some hatred at the corner of her mouth.

"The Xuanling Continent is only the weakest of the Dou Di Sifang Continent after all, and the continent where Guanglu and his hometown are located is not the strongest. Only my home empire is the strongest in the Dou Di Continent." Qin Xin finished speaking slightly, But I remembered, and then I stopped staying, left the compound, and ran to do something.

In the firewood room of the compound, Xiao Yan had already prepared everything at this time, and at this moment it was a crucial step to condense it into a pill.

"Huhu."

"In twenty days, all the medicinal materials have finally been refined." Xiao Yan couldn't help but sighed in relief, and then stared at the piles of medicinal materials in the Black Devil Cauldron.

At this time, the Blood Sea Tianquan that was originally extracted, and the Fallen Star Branch, there are some miscellaneous medicine groups. Those medicine groups are obviously used to neutralize the medicinal power. Cangyan Xuanlei waited slowly.

This thing is the key to becoming a pill. After all, Xuanyin Pill is quite unique. When it is completed, it must be merged with Cangyan Xuanlei before it can be successfully condensed in the true sense.

"Let's start the fusion." Xiao Yan glanced at the many medicinal powers in the Black Devil Cauldron with satisfaction and said.

"Blood Sea Tianquan, Fallen Star Branch, come!" The next moment, Xiao Yan waved his hand, and the dazzling soul power immediately controlled the second group of medicinal power among the black demons.

"Puff puff!" Even if the Blood Sea Tianquan and the Fallen Star Branch were refined by Xiao Yan, it seemed that they still contained a trace of self-consciousness, and they were immediately afraid of Xiao Yan and wanted to escape.

"Where to run, give me a condensate!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help sneering.

I spent so much time and energy, how could I be run away by you.

Immediately, he shouted loudly, completely ignoring the resistance of the two of them, and the power of large and large stocks continued to spread out, suppressing the resistance!

"Fusion!" After the resistance subsided, Xiao Yan started to merge with confidence.

If you risk fusion without waiting for the resistance to ease, I am afraid that the medicinal pill after fusion will have some other properties. The medicinal power of such medicinal medicinal herb is much weaker than that of the real medicinal medicinal pill, and there may be other side effects. is ineligible.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and the two groups of liquid shook violently.

At this time, the huge medicinal power contained in the two groups of liquids was directly fused together by Xiao Yan.

"I didn't expect this medicinal power to be so strong." Xiao Yan murmured slightly at the corners of his mouth, looking at the two groups of liquid that were difficult to fuse together.

If the two groups of medicinal powers were allowed to fuse like this, they would probably end up with an explosive effect.

"Fortunately, I was prepared." Xiao Yan laughed, and then a cloud of colorful medicinal materials left in the Black Devil Cauldron submerged directly into the stalemate and fusion liquid!

The colorful medicinal materials were obviously what Xiao Yan had refined to neutralize the medicinal power, so at this time the neutralizing medicinal power entered the two groups of liquids that were deadlocked immediately the two groups of liquids became quiet, and then The speed visible to the naked eye slowly merges.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's done!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but scream.

Although this neutralizing drug Xiao Yan added some medicinal materials to the prescription, he was still worried that it would not be enough to neutralize the medicinal power of the Blood Sea Tianquan and the Falling Star Branch, but Xiao Yan's worry was unnecessary.

"Next, after refining it with Cang Yan Xuan Lei, it can become a pill." Xiao Yan said happily, staring at the pill that was slowly forming.

"Lei Come!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and the Cangyan Xuanlei, who was bound by Xiao Yan in the Black Devil Cauldron, shook off the restraint and went into a frenzy!

"Hoohoho!" As soon as Cangyan Xuanlei broke free from the shackles, an extremely violent aura immediately erupted.

Although Cangyan Xuanlei has no intelligence, the power contained in it is extremely violent!

"Ha ha."

"The spiritless Cangyan Xuanlei, do you think this emperor can't control you?" Xiao Yan snorted coldly in the face of this arrogant Cangyan Xuanlei, and the power of the holy flame suddenly appeared in the palm of his hand. , ready to force Cangyan Xuanlei into the medicinal pill for tempering!

And that Cangyan Xuanlei seemed to have sensed Xiao Yan's intentions, and ran away like crazy, trying to escape from here.

"It's too late!" Xiao Yan said lightly, and immediately shot, not giving Cang Yan Xuanlei a chance to escape.

Ask for tickets!