Chapter Vol 4 1718: Devour... failed?

"The ghost kingdom saves the ghost king?"

"Eight Star Fighting Immortals!"

"Master of the Soul Palace?" Instead of looking at the strange pink light above the island, Xiao Yan stared at the strange man who was bound, shocked.

According to Xiao Yan's information, the ghost kingdom and the soul clan have an inescapable relationship or cooperation, and once they find the master of the ghost kingdom, the king of ten thousand ghosts, I am afraid that they will be able to ask some secrets about Xiao Yan!

Xiao Clan's Secret!

This problem has plagued Xiao Yan for decades!

Furthermore, how could a mere disciple of the Soul Academy, You Er, know the supreme ruler of the Ghost Kingdom?

So all this is their conspiracy, in order to arrest themselves?

Thinking of this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but raise a lot of precautions against You Er.

"Susu..."

"The descendants of Xiao Yan, you can smell the disgusting and inferior aura in your body from a long distance. You are still so annoying." It seems that he noticed Xiao Yan's figure and was restrained. The King of Ten Thousand Ghosts sneered and roared at Xiao Yan in the distance. Countless strange black mist burst out from under the black robe, and immediately shot straight into the sky like gunpowder, shooting towards Xiao Yan.

Feeling such a surging momentum bursting out of the King Wangui, Xiao Yan's face became solemn for the first time. The three-color holy flame, the swallowing flame technique, and many other means of fighting the soul were displayed in an instant without any thought.

A random blow that was as tyrannical as an eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse, if it was taken lightly, it might be enough to wipe out Xiao Yan.

"Chichi!" With a sound, the strange black mist directly collided with Xiao Yan's three-color holy flame, and the two immediately stalemate and calmed down.

"The King of Ten Thousand Ghosts, who is as tyrannical as the kingdom of ghosts, can actually fall into such a state of embarrassment. It's really hilarious." Stabilizing his figure, Xiao Yan clenched his fists tightly, trying his best to calm his breathing. Step by step, he walked towards where the King of Ghosts was.

"Hey, kid, give it up, what you want to know, only you can find it yourself."

"And I can tell you that the Soul Palace and Soul Clan, even our ghost kingdom, are not very clear."

"Furthermore, although I made some mistakes in this sneak attack, but your mere six-star fighting immortal, even ten lives are not enough to die!"

"Susu!" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions like this, the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts did nothing but sneered, and immediately looked away from Xiao Yan, raised his head abruptly, and looked at the top of the space with a horrified look that filled his eyes.

On Xiao Yan's body, the three colors of holy flames annihilated and rotated, protecting Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan also temporarily gave up the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts. The Ten Thousand Ghost King and You Er knew each other, and after a balance, the Holy Flame was more important.

The pink light group hangs high like a round of shining sun, and a coercion of heaven and earth diffuses out invisible.

"Acacia Broken Enteritis is in the pink light. It seems that we are still a step late. The Master of Li Soul has entered the last step." After some investigation, Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly.

Even if he possesses the guardian power of Yama, the Tenth Palace of Clan Marks, and even the blessings of many holy flames, he cannot break through the pink light group composed of the Lord of Li Soul and Acacia Brokenheart.

"Looking now, I'm afraid I can only wait." Xiao Yan shook his head with no results.

Now, if he rashly shatters the pink light group, he might suffer a huge backlash, and let alone the enormous power required to shatter the pink light group, and since he doesn't know the state of the Lord of Souls, Xiao Yan is helpless for a while.

"Looks like it's still a step too late." You Er on the side also agreed. Dai Mu glanced lightly and found that the countless Yan-Swallowing Crystals inside were dimmed, and even the countless mysterious patterns on the exquisite sedan chairs were dimmed. Obviously now The Lord of Li Soul has reached a crucial step.

"King Wangui, what are you?" For a while, You Er slowly walked towards the shackled King Wangui and asked.

"A direct disciple of the dean of the Soul Academy?" Wan Gui Wang was not surprised when he heard the words, and smiled slightly.

Soul Mist is his own name, and this name also exists for some communication with the head of the Soul Academy, so it is reasonable for You Er to know the real King of Ten Thousand Ghosts.

"How could you?" You Er Zaidu asked.

"All of this is planned by your master. He gave us the detailed map and entry method here, so as to want us to prevent the breakthrough of the Lord of Li Soul, the price is that you have developed a method for ghosts to devour holy flames, but I still underestimated him too much, but in the end I failed miserably." The King of Ghosts sneered, and there was still a touch of rebelliousness in his voice.

"The power of the Lord of Souls, I am afraid that it has touched the reincarnation now. Even if this breakthrough fails, his power will truly touch the reincarnation."

"So this time, he succeeded." He listened for a moment, watching the brighter pink light above the sky, a terrifying pressure that surpassed the energy of heaven and earth, slowly permeating, as if some unparalleled Holy Spirit was about to appear in the world.

"Yeah, he succeeded this time, but it's a pity that there is still me." Listening to Wang Gui Wang's words, You Er couldn't help but laugh.

What about reincarnation?

His breakthrough came from the research of their Soul Academy after all, and when the research was successful in the end, almost all the strong people in their Soul Academy were wiped out by him, but the Master of Li Soul forgot that the extreme will be the opposite. , This method of ghosts swallowing holy flames is an act against the sky, so before the research, her master secretly left behind, so naturally there is a way to deal with it.

"Forget it." Seeing You Er and Wangui King like this, Xiao Yan also gave up the idea of ​​asking, and looked lightly in the pink light group.

At this moment, the entire space, like a heart that has been quiet for a long time, suddenly beats vigorously and vigorously, and the whole area is filled with a strong unease!

"Not good... this guy!" Looking at the sudden change in the pink light group in the void, the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts suddenly shook, and his pupils shrank tightly.

"Crash!" A burst of pink energy ripples, like a volcanic eruption, suddenly burst out from the edge of the pink light group.

"Has he... succeeded?" Looking at this shocking scene, the corners of You'er's mouth became dry, and in the void, a coercion that seemed to be of a superior spread out like the ruler of the heavens and the earth, and immediately opened his mouth with difficulty.

"No... The Master of Li Soul breaks through..."

"Failed." Looking at this scene, Xiao Yan's expression was full of inexplicable restlessness, and his eyes were fixed on the pink halo.

After the terrifying energy ripples dissipated, the illusory soul body of the Lord of Souls was reflected in Xiao Yan's line of sight. On the illusory palm, a delicate pink flame was beating gently.

"Xiao Yan, I've been waiting for you for a long time." Looking at Xiao Yan, who was surrounded by three holy flames below, the Master of Li Soul did not show any displeasure. It is as bright as a demon that fell into the abyss.