Chapter Vol 4 1963: Repression!

"Crash!" The scorching flames enveloped Xiao Yan's body, he only felt that his eyes were dark, and they both entered a special area at the same time.

"This is the old man's field barrier, called 'Desolate Flame'."

"To obliterate you, it is enough to value you." In the enchantment domain, Xiao Yan was perfectly isolated from the outside world. Xiao Yan frowned, but Yan Lie said arrogantly, even the scorching flames around his body kept squirming, quite like a strong man.

"There's a lot of nonsense. There are so many people who want to kill me. I'm afraid you're not qualified!"

"Pick me a seal!" Xiao Yan didn't care about this, an amber flame flickered in his icy eyes, and then his palms suddenly changed with countless mysterious patterns, and the majestic fighting spirit in the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals in the body was unreservedly vented. Even Xiao Yan's body turned yellow because of such a move!

That is the power of immortality and immortality!

With the passage of time and Xiao Yan's perception, the immortal and immortal power in Xiao Yan's body has also become more and more stable, and over time, it is enough to achieve the real immortality and immortality of the demon emperor.

"The Seal of the Heavenly King!" An extremely cold snort swept out, and Xiao Yan's arm suddenly changed with countless hidden handprints. Shoot away at the flames!

"Boom!" The seemingly innocuous palm print pierced through the void and slammed into Yan Lie with overwhelming force. That kind of oppression and strength alone was enough to rival a true Seven Star Dou Xian Perfectionist.

"Hand of Desolate Flames!" Yan Lie sneered, his pale big hand waved straight, and suddenly countless flames poured out from the field, and finally quickly converged and merged on Yan Lie's old palm, a scorching hot palm, With a speed like lightning, it directly collided with Xiao Yan's Heavenly King Seal!

"Crash!" Xiao Yan tried his best to seal, and his terrifying palm just touched. In this "Desolate Flame" field, scorching hot flame ripples spread out. The weak cracks also emerged, and it was obvious that the enchantment field also trembled a little because of this.

"This descendant of the Xiao clan, his ability is really not to be underestimated." Between the attacks, Yan Lie muttered as he watched Xiao Yan's attack even stalemate with himself.

"This old guy has the power of the eight-star fighting immortal middle stage, and has an immortal body similar to that of a thunder lion. Even if he uses the Buddha's Wrath of Samsara, he can't do anything... I can only try to temporarily suppress it with the fire of holy flame." Xiao Yan's figure As soon as it moved, the amber flame in the body and the ancient ruler spread out together, and a terrifying power that moved the entire enchantment field slowly flowed out from the thin body.

"Desolate flames!" The aftermath of the attack had just dissipated, and the fiery and loud voice was as deafening as thunder!

"Hey!" As Yan Lie's shout fell, the flames from the enchantment field actually formed a red shawl on his body!

There is a red flame flowing slowly in the red shawl, and the flame above is exactly the same as the breath in the field.

"Look at the fist!" Seeing Xiao Yan's body slowly settling in the air, Yan Lie was also an old man, his figure was wriggling, and he roared away at Xiao Yan with an extremely sharp attack. Naturally, he would not give Xiao Yan anything. Opportunity to display high-level fighting skills!

"Pfft!"

"This Yanlie has such a vigilant sense of smell..." Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering to himself in mid-air, his body moved quickly, his toes were on the ground of the domain, and he was floating in the air with the help of his strength, but being attacked by Yanlie like this, it was a short time. Time, Xiao Yan actually did not have any strength to fight back.

There is a huge gap between the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Xian and the middle stage of the Eight Star Dou Xian, whether it is physical strength or strength of fighting spirit. Obviously Xiao Yan underestimated the middle stage of the Eight Star Dou Xian this time. Of course, this does not rule out that Yan Lie is a special reason for "resurrection" Come here, otherwise Xiao Yan can be directly executed.

"Desolate Flame Heavenly Sword!" Seeing Xiao Yan jumping up and down like this, Yan Lie sneered and folded his hands together, a fiery red energy sword shadow condensed and shot towards Xiao Yan.

"Soul avatar, Xiao Lei!" Seeing Yan Lie's attack, Xiao Yan smiled strangely.

After the breath, the voice just fell, and a figure exactly like Xiao Yan swept out from behind Xiao Yan.

"Soul avatar?"

"Wait, something's wrong..." Yan Lie frowned when he saw this. In the past, he had fought many powerful people from the Xiao clan, but no one had ever been as cunning as Xiao Yan.

"I'll give it to you!" Xiao Yan said flatly, his body black shirt Xiao Yan's speed skyrocketed, and he went directly to the boundary of the enchantment domain. On the palm of his hand, amber flames and immortal flames poured into the ancient ruler at the same time. Go, for a while, with so many holy flames, the holy pattern on the ancient ruler was slowly ignited, and a surging aura of repression swept out.

"You Mingtian!" The white robe Xiao Lei just appeared, looking at the fiery red energy sword shadow, he snorted coldly, the surging soul power turned into a humming crisp roar, echoing the flames in the entire field, although there was no body to display Terrifying, but also quite effective.

"Clang!" With a sound, the fiery red energy sword shadow was abruptly pierced by the soul attack, and immediately whistled away at Yan Lie.

"Not good!" Seeing the strange appearance of Xiao Lei in the white robe, Yan Lie snorted coldly, and the dazzling flames flew out, overwhelmingly blocking the soul power.

"Boom!" Such terrifying soul power, combined with Xiao Lei's incomparably powerful fighting qi energy, turned Yan Lie into a formidable enemy.

"I'm fed up with this boring game!"

"Huang!" Being teased so much by a mere seven-star fighting immortal mid-stage powerhouse for the second time in a row, Yan Lie seemed to be really angry, the aura in his body soared to the extreme, and icy roars swept out, accompanied by a touch of Destroying strange breath!

"He's really moving."

"I know, a little bit."

"Okay." Xiao Yan and Xiao Lei communicated with a thought.

"Thunder!" The body of Xiao Lei in the white robe slowly lifted into the air, and the aura in his body dissipated in an instant, as if all the power in the body was dissipated. At the same time, a gray thunder, like a newborn baby, slowly disappeared from Xiao Lei Crawled out from deep inside.

The gray thunderbolt has almost no power, just like a baby, curiously coveting this new world, but because of this, when Yan Lie saw the gray thunderbolt, his pupils could not help shrinking violently, as if he saw something Terrible stuff in general!

"Kill them for me!" Yan Lie roared Countless flames turned into countless flame creatures, with different shapes, they roared and released countless greedy auras, moving rapidly towards Xiao Lei Blast away!

No one knows the power of Huang, and once the destructing power contained in it is swallowed by it, I am afraid that even a strong eight-star fighting immortal will be seriously injured in an instant, let alone a mere seven-star fighting immortal!

"Zi la la!" When the flame creature came into contact with Xiao Lei's gray thunder, it was like an electric shock.

Xiao Lei's thunder power is so terrifying, but due to the huge difference in strength between the two, I'm afraid Xiao Lei won't be able to support it for long.

"What if you are a descendant of the Xiao clan?"

"This old man is a dignified elder of the Yan clan, isn't it comparable to your mere Seven Star Fighting Immortals?"

"Xiao Clan, this time I finally got my revenge!"

"Go to **** for me!" Seeing Xiao Lei's whole body's waning strength of thunder, Yan Lie roared grimly, as if he had seen Xiao Yan's ugly face begging before his death.

"Yes?"

"The prestige of the ancestors of the Xiao family can't be compared to yours!"

"So, suppress me here!"

"In the name of the master of my holy flame, I will suppress the demons in all directions!" When Yan Lie's fierce roar fell, in front of Xiao Lei, a thin black-shirted man stood out with a dazzling and huge ancient ruler in his hand. Countless ancient and mysterious flame patterns flickered, and a touch of the strong aura that surpassed the heavens and the earth drifted away!

A cold, extremely arrogant voice, completely spread through this enchantment field!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: