Chapter Vol 4 1127: conspiracy

"What a bad guy!" Xiao Yan scolded intermittently.

Xiao Yan discovered from the very beginning that these ten puppets seemed to be different from the Dou Xian puppet, and with Xiao Yan's powerful soul power, it was also a vague guess that the Dou Xian puppet was the real guardian, and these ten puppets were the real guardians. A puppet, I am afraid it is also a human who broke into here to try to steal the treasure, but for some reason, Dao was controlled.

It turned out that Xiao Yan guessed that as long as he helped them release the control of their souls, the ten puppets would immediately calm down, and then he could take the opportunity to control them. .

But who knew that Xiao Yan had just released his soul control, and these puppets suddenly lost all their vitality and turned into ashes. As for the secret, I am afraid it has something to do with the alchemist who fell here.

"Oh, forget it."

"Let's go and deal with that guy outside first."

"I hope you won't let me down here." Xiao Yan let out a short disappointment, and then the lightning net and fire array were instantly put away.

"Are you all right?" Just after finishing the ten puppets, he immediately left to the two of them.

"Xiao Yan..." Seeing this, Qing'er tried her best to respond with a smile, even if she was overwhelmed by the Dou Xian puppet.

"Brother Xiao Yan." And Qingwen looked at Xiao Yan's free hand and said, but the figure was also quite embarrassed by the continuous attacks of the Douxian puppets.

"By the way, what about the ten puppets?" In the next moment, although the space of the formation was taken away by Xiao Yan, there was still some power left, so the place where Xiao Yan fought was still blank, blocking the clear air. The sight of the instrument.

"died."

"I originally wanted to take them as used ones, but who would want to be beaten like this..." Xiao Yan helplessly spread his hands, his voice filled with regret.

"What... what?"

"Dead???" At this time, when Qing Wen heard the words, it was like a thunderbolt in his heart!

That is the puppet of the top ten Dou Di!

If Xiao Yan's strength reaches Banxian and if he is stronger, then he can kill ten puppets in a hurry, but Xiao Yan's strength at this time is only the peak of Dou Di!

With the time when Dou Di was at his peak, he killed ten puppets with the same strength. Qing Wen had never heard of such a victory.

"Let's deal with this guy first."

"Qing'er, step back first." Xiao Yan looked at Qing Wen so shocked, so he had to divert his attention.

"Okay." Qing'er nodded slightly when she heard the words, apparently fighting with the Douxian puppet for a long time made her feel powerless.

"Be careful, the silver armor on this guy can absorb our attacks and turn it into his own strength." Qing Wen said solemnly, apparently after a long battle, he did not find this guy's weakness.

"Really?"

"I'll try it!" When Xiao Yan heard this, he said as if he had some plan.

"I'll cover you!" When Qing Wen heard the words, he flashed his figure and came to the Douxian puppet, trying to attract his attention.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's figure flickered, and he came directly to the Dou Xian puppet, and then he took off the ancient ruler of the eternal fire behind him. The fluctuations actually made a slight vibration in this space.

"Susu." When the Dou Xian puppet saw Xiao Yan's tyrannical attack, not only did he have no intention of dodging, he even revealed an inexplicable smile on the corner of his mouth.

"Boom boom boom!" Although Xiao Yan noticed the slight changes in the Dou Xian puppet, he didn't have any resistance, and the dazzling seven-layered sky-shattering light attacked the Dou Xian puppet.

"Whoosh whoosh!" Just when the amazing Chimang was about to attack the Douxian puppet, the Douxian puppet's palm suddenly leaned forward slightly, and then a silver vindictive energy enveloped it and grabbed the void in front of him. Actions!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" In the next moment, Xiao Yan's chi awn was also impartial, and it just landed on the palm of Dou Xian's puppet, and his energy was rapidly weakened.

"Sisi." After a while, Xiao Yan's chi awn turned into a trace of pure energy, slowly pouring into it through the armor of the fighting fairy puppet.

And with the infusion of this power, the original strength was only a Dou Xian puppet in the early stage of the one-star Dou Xian, but at this time, the strength has increased slightly!

In just a short moment, all Chimang's power was absorbed by the Douxian puppet, and then the Douxian puppet looked at Xiao Yan from a height below zero, but did not move.

"Retreat!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan stepped on the ground with his toes, and with the help of the impact, he stepped back directly.

"How is it?" Seeing Xiao Yan retreating, Qing Wen also followed.

"This guy is very strong, but it's not impossible."

"The armor on his body is the way to win." Xiao Yan said slightly, his pupils twitched quickly, obviously planning how to deal with this guy.

"For a while, you will feign and cover me, I will try." After a while, Xiao Yan suddenly had an idea, and then said slowly.

"Let's go!" Qing Wen was not a procrastinator either, he went directly to the Dou Xian puppet in front of him.

"Huhuhu!" The Dou Xian puppet paused for a while, and then made a rather excited sound, apparently just absorbing Xiao Yan's power, which made him quite obsessed.

"Beast, let the horse come over!" Qing Wen shouted to absorb his attention, the power of life and death perfectly blended in his body, if it was a coincidence, it would be enough to advance to the real Dou Xian!

"Roar!" Seeing that Qing Wen was so arrogant, the Dou Xian puppet immediately let out a cry like a beast, and the figure disappeared in place in an instant, attacking Qing Wen.

"This beast absorbed the power of Xiao Yan's attack, and the speed is even faster!" Seeing this, Qingwen frowned and supported her hard.

"Shabu Shabu!" And Xiao Yan nodded secretly when he saw the two being in such a stalemate.

The next moment, on Xiao Yan's palm, two prismatic crystals exuding different colors slowly emerged.

"This time, it's up to you." Xiao Yan murmured to himself, then closed his eyes and calmed down. A steady stream of cyan flames and khaki flames continued to emanate from it, wrapping Xiao Yan's entire body. .

"These things, such strong fluctuations, what exactly is this." When Qing'er in the distance saw this, she shook her head slightly. Obviously, the two prismatic crystals on Xiao Yan's palm gave her a very heavy feeling.

"Brother Qing, get out of the way!" The next moment, seeing that Qing Wen was about to lose, Xiao Yan's voice slowly sounded!

"Okay!" When Qing Wen heard the words, his voice swept away, and the attack range of the Dou Xian puppet flashed directly!

The next moment, as Xiao Yan's voice fell, a huge fireball composed of cyan flames and khaki flames suddenly shot towards the Douxian puppet!

"Susu!" When the Dou Xian puppet saw this, it was like the scene of absorbing Xiao Yan's previous attack.

"Since you want to suck, give me a hard suck!" Xiao Yan couldn't help roaring when he saw that the Immortal Fighting Puppet directly absorbed his own attack without thinking at all!

Although this huge fireball is not a fusion of two holy flame powers, it is just a mixture of two holy flame powers, but its power is probably not something that a fighting immortal puppet can absorb!