Chapter Vol 4 1574: No river crossing!

"Lanfeng, who is this?" After a while, following the figures of Song Lanfeng and Xiao Yan on the flat ground, a straight, handsome man with a huge meteor hammer behind his back slowly slowly Turning his head, he asked, although Xiao Yan's strength was weak, it made one's heart chill. Obviously, this guy is not an ordinary person.

"This is Xiao Yan." Song Lanfeng said casually, as if taking Xiao Yan as a collaborator with no other meaning.

"Xiao Yan?" As soon as Song Lanfeng's voice fell, Qi Ziwen's indifferent gaze suddenly retracted from the pink light group, and a wave of hatred immediately emerged, staring fiercely at Xiao Yan.

"Is this guy also with Qingyun Pavilion?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan immediately smelled an unfriendly aura from Qi Ziwen, and this aura seemed to be exactly the same as Qing Yunkun and the others, so he couldn't help frowning. .

"Qi Ziwen, Xiao Yan is the helper I invited to solve the strange river. If you touch him, you will become an enemy of my foreign soul. You have to think clearly about the consequences." Qi Ziwen looked at Xiao Yan intently, Song Lanfeng beside him Dai's eyes flickered slightly, and she said, she naturally knew about Xiao Yan and Qingyun Pavilion, and behind this sect, there is the protection of the Blood Flame Cave, this Qingyun Pavilion sect was acted by Xiao Yan, this is the black hand behind them. , of course, is also outrageous.

"Huh." Qi Ziwen snorted coldly when he heard the words, and looked away. He knew that now is not the time to settle personal grievances. The most urgent task now is to solve the strange river in front of him and let the acacia tree come down completely. As for other things, later Say it again.

The four of them represent the top powerhouses of the younger generation in the Central Territory today. Even though they are only mid-stage Four-Star Fighting Immortals, the powerhouses who have fallen into their hands are not without some old monsters in the late Four-Star Fighting Immortal stage. .

The news of the acacia tree attracted countless disciples from the Central Region, but they were all forcibly driven out by these four people. With the help of the forces behind them, the other powerhouses could only be miserable, so they could only live in Looking for something useful outside of this core.

Although most of the strong men were driven away, on the plain where the acacia tree descended, it stumped the four heavenly favored sons for a while.

If you want to crack the secret of the Acacia tree, you must let it come completely. At this time, the Acacia tree seems to be contained in the pink light group, and you must go to the power to make it come completely.

However, on this plain, the strange circular river completely isolated their thoughts. If they wanted to get close to the pink light group, they had to cross the river.

The round river completely protects the pink light group, and even the river is extremely strange, even with their strength, they are indifferent, and in the past few days, there are some brave people trying to crack the river, but it is He fell directly into the river, and in an instant he became dead.

"What can this guy do in the late stage of Samsung Fighting Immortal?" After a while, Qi Ziwen couldn't help but let out a trace of disdain.

"Shut your mouth." Song Lanfeng snorted coldly. Obviously, although Xiao Yan's strength is weak, his soul is strong. As long as he can solve this strange river, Song Lanfeng naturally doesn't mind protecting him.

"What's so weird about this river?" Xiao Yan ignored Qi Ziwen and asked Song Lanfeng beside him.

"This river seems to contain something that can devour everything. Before, many treasure hunters entered here, trying to fly or escape into the small island in the center of the river, but when they first touched the river, they were completely obliterated, and in an instant There is no bones left, not even the power of the soul."

"The flyer falls directly, and the evader is also directly submerged." Song Lanfeng said with a frown. With her tyrannical soul power, she also found something wrong, but in the end she didn't find the source of the wrong.

"I'll take a look." Xiao Yan heard the words, walked gently, and then slowly came to the edge of the river.

"Crash!" The river is round as a whole, but it completely wraps the small island that is nearly tens of meters in size inside the river, and the river is bottomless, although the water is extremely clear.

"This...what's so weird?" Xiao Yan squatted down slowly, wrapping his body with dazzling soul power, so he tried his best to put his ears close to the surface of the water, trying to detect something.

"Dong dong dong!" The ear was close to the surface of the water, but it didn't touch the river water. Suddenly, a sound like thunder sounded suddenly in the ear.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, and his body suddenly stood upright, but the moment he just left the river, he saw some tiny crystals floating on the water like sand grains, and the sound of thunder suddenly disappeared.

"Interesting." After a short while, Xiao Yan seemed to understand something and smiled slowly.

"Is there any news?" Seeing this, Song Lanfeng couldn't help but ask.

With a few of them, it is natural to thoroughly investigate the river. The water depth seems to be a full 100 meters, but other than that, there is no other gain.

"This river cannot be resisted hard, it can only be outwitted." Xiao Yan's mouth showed a strange smile, and he immediately laughed.

"I need a fire attribute powerhouse to help me." After a while, Xiao Yan stared at Qi Ziwen and smiled maliciously.

"Boy, are you courting death?" Qi Ziwen immediately became angry when he heard the words, this boy was obviously avenging his personal revenge.

"My strength in the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal, I can't handle that guy. Your Excellency's strength in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortal, are you still afraid of me?" Xiao Yan asked rhetorically.

"That thing?" Hu Tianyuan on the side heard it and wondered. In this river, they tried their best to search countless times, but no one found anything at all.

"Humph."

"What do you need me to do?" Qi Ziwen snorted coldly, and walked up very reluctantly.

"In the river, there is a soul beast, and we need to use the power of flame and soul to force it to appear." After a while, Xiao Yan stared at the flowing river and said.

"I hope you don't lie to us Otherwise, there are four strong people here, even if you put your wings, you can't escape." Qi Ziwen smiled.

"Go!"

"Remember to do your best for a while, and don't let it go." After a few breaths, Xiao Yan closed his eyes and calmed down, a strange trace of soul energy suddenly emerged from the spiritual palace, and then combined with the flame fighting spirit on his body. , the two wrapped around each other and slowly submerged into the water. Following Xiao Yan's actions, the water that had been standing still had undergone some extremely wonderful changes.

"..."

"One minute……"

"five minutes……"

"A quarter of an hour..." It was still deadly quiet, but there were many beads of sweat on Xiao Yan's forehead.

"This kid, are you kidding us?" Qi Ziwen couldn't help but said immediately.

"Shhhh!" At this time, Song Lanfeng's beautiful eyes were staring at the river, where there seemed to be some creatures that were being attracted by Xiao Yan, so they poured out rapidly.