Chapter 272: Xeon Showdown!

"This power is really terrifying..."

"It's a pity that it's not worth mentioning in front of me." Yin Xie also noticed that Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, and the strength of the peak of the Seven Star Dou Di was fully displayed.

But Yin Xie did not panic. After all, as the existence of one of the best twin ghost emperors in the ghost world, Yin Xie also has the confidence to belong to him, and he also knows that Xiao Yan, the sudden strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, is only a passing glimpse. That's it.

However, although Yin Xie is not afraid, his current strength has not returned to the peak, so he did not despise him at all. He was inside the blood-colored vortex, and then his body suddenly swelled.

Then, above the edge of the blood-colored vortex, a terrifying ghost energy suddenly appeared, staring at Xiao Yan aggressively.

"This power is a great tonic, but the power of purification is too troublesome, but it is extremely delicious for me now..." Yin Xie also murmured with a smile.

"Purge!"

Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then tightly clasped the ancient milky white sword in his hands. The next moment, his pupils shrank tightly, and the ancient milky white sword in his hands suddenly slashed towards the blood-colored vortex!

"Shabu Shabu!"

The terrifying milky-white ancient sword exudes a milky-white flame sword glow of hundreds of meters, whizzing away at the blood-colored vortex!

"Tiny!" Yin Xie also said disdainfully.

Hundreds of feet of milky white flame sword glow emanated from the purification ancient sword, and then roared towards the blood-colored vortex, but it was strange that the hundred feet of sword glow did not bring any fluctuations in the space, as if the most peaceful sword Mans in general.

"Boom boom boom!"

In the blood-colored vortex, the handprints in Yinxie's hands quickly changed, and then the next moment, a ghostly aura appeared on the edge of the blood-colored vortex. It is also with the momentum that is like a broken bamboo and goes away against the milky white sword glow!

One white, one black and two forces approached rapidly, and the next moment was a violent collision.

"Bang bang bang!"

The terrifying explosion also spread out in circles and circles!

The milky white sword glow and the evil rays of light composed of ghosts are viciously intertwined. The moment the two forces of completely different nature touch each other, a monstrous explosion erupts!

The two just contacted, and they were deadlocked for a while. I don’t know why. The pitch-black ghostly energy was defeated by the milky white flames. Moreover, Xiao Yan’s attack not only contained extremely terrifying high temperature, but also It contains a terrifying power of purification!

"This evil evil is really bold..." Xiao Yan also laughed at this time, because Xiao Yan vaguely discovered that a large part of the attacks that had been launched were swallowed by the blood-colored vortex...

However, Xiao Yan's expression did not change in the slightest. After all, this ancient purifying sword is not a real killer. This purifying power is only to attract the attention of evil spirits!

The power of purification is the restraint of the evil and gloomy atmosphere of ghosts in the ghost world, so there is also this scene.

The next moment, the stalemate between the two forces also came to an end, as if the milky white flame sword light had won an overwhelming victory.

With the retreat of the ghost qi, the size of the blood-colored vortex also shrank from a few dozen meters to a range of several meters.

Seeing this, Mu Yingying on the side also looked at Xiao Yan with some relief, and found that Xiao Yan's blue veins burst out at this time, and then he controlled the milky white ancient sword in his hand, and the steady stream of sword light also evaporated, and then without exception , are heavily attacked into the **** vortex.

Moreover, with the attack of Xiao Yan's milky white flame sword glow, the extremely eerie ghost energy in the blood-colored vortex was also slowly purified, and the volume was extremely reduced.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Lord..." An arm of several dozen meters surrounded by Mu Yingying's azure flame also made some extremely resentful voices.

"Bang bang bang!" As Xiao Yan's attack continued to increase, his arm full of evil aura also shook suddenly, and then deeply shook Mu Yingying's azure flame surrounded, and then the next moment, he was shocked. Speeding towards Xiao Yan's location!

That intention seemed to be to kill Xiao Yan.

"Cough, cough..." The moment Mu Yingying was shaken away by the evil arm, her face paled slightly. Obviously, the strength of that mere arm was also very evil and powerful.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment the evil arm came to Xiao Yan's side, and then the five fingers came together, and an extremely terrifying evil force appeared in an instant.

"Against the Lord..."

"Death..." A few words slowly blurted out from the arm, and as the voice in the arm just fell, an extremely evil force also erupted instantly.

The sky-high light also attacked Xiao Yan at a rapid rate!

"嘁偁嘁!" Just as the evil aura was about to attack Xiao Yan, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger moved.

The terrifying and deep eyes stared at the pitch-black light that attacked Xiao Yan, and the next moment, the pupils shrank tightly, and the space in front of Xiao Yan was frozen!

Even the dark light seemed to be frozen, exuding terrifying power, and stayed in the sky like an ice sculpture.

"Susu..." Seeing this, the arm full of strange aura was also clever and didn't stop for too long. The next moment, it flew into the blood-colored vortex!

"You did a good job..." Yin Xie said when he saw the arm, but no one noticed that in the dark space in the blood-colored vortex, there was a group of people who attacked the blood-colored vortex before Xiao Yan. Milky-white power is continuously gathering Yin evil in the body.

Under the continuous attack of Xiao Yan's milky white flame sword light , the edge of the blood-colored vortex continued to emit shocking explosions, and the dark ghost energy on the edge of the blood-colored vortex also dissipated at an extremely fast speed.

"It's time..." Xiao Yan also saw that the ghost energy on the edge of the blood-colored vortex had almost completely dissipated, and also grinned, and then put away the milky white ancient sword in his hand in an instant. Appears instantly!

Then the next moment, the space around Xiao Yan's body started to wriggle slightly, and at the same time, the space at the edge of the blood-colored vortex also wriggled in the same way!

The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly disappeared in place, and when he reappeared, he suddenly appeared on the edge of the blood-colored vortex.

"Twin Ghost Emperor..."

"A great gift for you!" Xiao Yan said with a calm expression, then staring at the blood-colored vortex in front of him.

When the words fell, the delicate lotus seeds in Xiao Yan's palm also appeared instantly, and then Xiao Yan waved his hands heavily, perfectly overlapping the lotus seeds and the blood-colored vortex!

"This is..." At this time, Yin Xie's face full of smiles was extremely difficult to look at, because he found a familiar smell in this beautiful lotus seed!

"Shabu!" The Lotus of Silentness just appeared, causing the temperature in the sky to rise suddenly, and the corners of the mouths of everyone and everyone on the ground were slightly dry.

"This Xiao Yan..."

"Are you still human..." On the ground, Luo Guang and Qiu Huoniao, who had originally wanted to trouble Xiao Yan, couldn't help but say slightly.

Ask for tickets!