Chapter Vol 4 2122: The last chance!

"Hehe, let's see how you deal with it!!!"

Finally, after a short stalemate, the angel star was completely shattered, the golden sun suddenly penetrated the layers of obstacles and shot towards Lacey above the sky.

"I didn't expect it to be the orphan of that old fellow Yao Qiangui..."

Lacey looked at Yao Shigui's brilliant ghost ghost in surprise, and sneered.

He is all too familiar with the fluctuations of the Holy Soul, even if it is in a broken state!

"Crack!"

The golden sun strode across the sky, easily breaking through countless layers of defenses, and in front of Lacey, a terrifying force that was enough to subvert their cognition was in a high state, and it seemed that it could completely obliterate him.

"However...with these residual holy souls, it is useless to me!"

Lacey raised her palm, bathed in a milky white liquid on her palm, and then suddenly stretched out to look inside the golden sun that was close at hand.

"Pfft."

With a bang, the golden color was too slow and did not burst out any violent energy. On the contrary, under Lacey's actions, the volume shrank rapidly, and then a trace of strength followed Lacey's arm and gathered directly on his body.

"This bastard!!!"

Looking at this scene, Yao Shigui's immature cheeks, a maddened savage emerged.

Even if he fused to awaken the Holy Soul, and even summoned the real realm of the Titan giant family, the Golden Wheel Titan Giant, can't obliterate the Holy See Red Clothes Archbishop Lacey?

At the beginning, the Yao family was mutilated by them, and now the enemy is in front of them, but there is nothing they can do?

Do you want to watch the destruction of the medicine clan with your own eyes?

But in that case, how can Yaoshigui He De be able to face his father!

My parents should still be imprisoned in the Holy See!

"Boom!"

Just when Yao Shigui's feelings of defeat emerged in his heart, Lacey showed no signs of being soft-hearted.

His body moved like a ghost, and the angel wings waved behind him, forming an incomparably sharp feather blade, which became more and more intense on the sky.

The purple energy storm slowly gathered in front of Lacey's chest, forming an unusually dazzling purple sword blade. Wipe the supreme terrorist power, and kill the medicine stone directly.

"Hoohoho!"

The Golden Wheel Titan seemed to realize this, raised his hands suddenly, and tightly returned the medicine stone to protect it.

"pimple!"

With a sound, an unusually piercing holy voice of the soul came out. Everyone looked up and saw that the arm of the Titan King, the Golden Wheel Titan Giant, who was surrounded by rock patterns, was actually pierced by a purple sword blade, which was quite embarrassing!

Drops of bright red blood fell on the earth along the arm of the giant Titan, and the earth became restless!

"Jin Lun, are you alright?"

Yao Shigui hurriedly released the power of the holy soul to warm and nourish the golden-wheeled titan giant, and lost his voice.

"Fall down!"

Watching the golden wheel of the Titan giant run out of divine power, Lacey condensed a purple angel's blade and tried to kill it with one strike.

"And us!"

"Nine Profound Power!"

"The afterimage of ten thousand medicines!"

"..."

At this moment of crisis, Xun'er and others appeared together. The huge scene of nearly 10,000 people made this world full of holes even more fragmented.

"Sir Bishop, they are stalling for time!"

"Be careful of the demon Xiao Yan!"

Austin roared weakly, now he and Hill can only quietly guard Liu Hao, who passed out in a coma, and have no extra strength to do other things.

"Is this your last reliance?"

Lacey, however, was like a victor reading out his declaration of victory. He didn't take Austin's words to heart at all. Instead, he looked down at everyone around him from a height below zero.

Although the number of people is said, most of them are seven-star fighting immortals, and eight-star fighting immortals are few after all, and there are two temporary first-level reincarnation rank powerhouses.

But it doesn't matter anymore.

Under their current power, they have only one fate.

That is the fall, the body and spirit are destroyed!

This is the only fate of disobeying the Holy See Angel.

"Doudi Continent has been silent for so long, you seem to have forgotten the supreme power of our Holy See, so today I will let you really recall the horrors that were dominated by our Holy See angels in the past!"

Lacey sneered without fear, not giving these guys a chance to refute.

"It's just like what Brother Xiao Yan said, the Holy See angels are just a group of messengers who claim to be angels, but in fact they are just puppets with dirty souls."

Xun'er stepped out, nine golden crows and a phoenix soul shadow quietly crawl behind its delicate body, the fluctuation of the reincarnation seal is quite dazzling, like a goddess, with extraordinary beauty.

"Holy See, your good days are over."

"This time, the winner of this battle will still be our ancient eight clans!"

"Your Holy See is just an outsider, it's time to get out."

Yao Wan was also carried out together with Xun'er, surrounded Lacey one after the other, endless vitality emerged from his body, like an immortal **** of war!

"Don't worry, after you die, our Holy See will invite the races behind you, including your so-called Supreme Elders, to go to Huangquan together."

"Ancient race, it's just a joke."

Lacey laughed.

Just after the laughter fell, the four purple angel wings suddenly detached from their body, and immediately formed a magnificent attack in the sky of the entire medicine world!

"Forbidden... forbidden technique!"

"Go!"

"You must not let him use the forbidden technique, otherwise not only will our medicine world disappear completely, but many of the strong people present will also fall here together!"

"Crash!"

Yao Wan and Xun'er took the lead, and the endless power of reincarnation swept out, shaking the sky, but no matter how tyrannical fluctuations they volatilized, they would be attacked by the four purple angel wings when they attacked Lacey. Absorb it all!

"The power of the devil..."

"The power of holy flame..."

"Please respond to my wishes!"

In the distance, Xiao Yan's body finally returned to normal, but at this time, the dark green demon power and the amber holy flame power, like two stubborn children, were constantly bumping around in Xiao Yan's body, unable to carry out the real process. Fusion!

"Burning decision!"

"Devil's Cube!"

Du Leng snorted, and suddenly the Demon Cube and Fen Jue seemed to have some kind of special resonance. For a time, the clan lines on Xiao Yan's eyebrows swept out uncontrollably!

"Wong Buzz!"

With the blessing of the power of the three, the dark green demon power and the amber holy flame suddenly became quiet. Immediately, a faint beam of light erupted from the clan lines between Xiao Yan's eyebrows. The entire body is protected from the aftermath of the purple angel's blade.

"Give me a fusion!"

After realizing that he had gone through many difficulties and obstacles, on top of Xiao Yan's hands, on one side was the extremely sacred holy flame fire. .

There is a touch of evil on one hand It is like the dark green demon power that has just been released from the evil Pandora's box!

The divine fire and the power of the devil were also on Xiao Yan's hands at this time, and slowly began to merge, and Xiao Yan immediately resisted all the torture and said savagely.

Although the beam of light emitted between the eyebrows was weak, it was able to isolate the oppression of Lacey's divine aura, so it was enough to allow Xiao Yan to merge peacefully.

However, although the beam of light was only a few meters in size, every time the demon power and holy flame power on Xiao Yan's hands approached, Xiao Yan's soul was like a tiny needle thread inserted into his brain, and his heart was particularly worried. The blood has become solidified, and it seems that it will completely fall due to the imbalance of the two forces at any time!

The bones hummed, and the corners of the mouth, the eyes, and even the ears and limbs overflowed with the power of dark green demons, showing the endless evil. Emergence, looks extremely solemn, sacred.

However, no matter how difficult it was, the power of the devil and the fire of holy flame did not flinch. Under Xiao Yan's madness that was not afraid of death, the speed of fusion was also significantly improved.

txt download address:

phone-reading: