Chapter 619: Ghost world trends

At the same time, in a place far away from the Burning Incense Pavilion, some unknown secrets are being staged.

"Three Hall Masters, the ghost world's actions have been extremely uneven recently. Just the place where the exit seal of the ghost world was discovered by our purgatory Tang brothers has appeared in three places."

"The seals in these three places have been weakened a lot. Even the many brothers and sisters who have our purgatory Tang have been escaped into Xuantiantian by many ghosts." On a wide dark ridge, a man dressed in black The wrapped figure faced a humane with a rainbow of breath in front of him.

The man in black has a restrained breath, like a stalker who hides his whereabouts. As for the man with a strong breath, he was also wrapped in dark clothes, but the murderous aura between his brows was extraordinarily dignified. People on the brink of life and death.

"What?" The man was slightly angry!

Due to the particularity of their sect, their Purgatory Tang was incompatible with these ghosts in the ghost world. Now the seals on the three exits have weakened, and the ghosts ran into Xuantian Santian. This is their Purgatory Tang's mistake!

If a powerful ghost sneaks in, then I am afraid it will bring about a disaster!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Have you found any powerful ghosts?" the man said sharply.

"Not for now. Most of the ghosts that have entered Xuansan Santian are only small ones." The man in black said respectfully.

"Is that so..."

"This ghost world has subsided for so many years, is it still time to start action..." The third hall master man slowly opened his mouth and looked into the distance.

"Did you send someone out to suppress the three exit seals?"

"Otherwise, once the seal on the exit is loosened, it will be a disaster for the entire Xuan Santian." The three hall masters spoke slowly, and the vicious aura on his body was very dignified.

"Three seals at the exit of the ghost world, two of which have mobilized most of our purgatory Tang brothers to guard them. As long as there are no ghosts above eight stars, there will be basically no problem." The man in black said respectfully.

"Then is there another exit?" The third hall master asked questioningly.

"Where is the closest to the Fenxiang Pavilion, I have informed the old and young..."

"Qing Lao himself sent their seven-person team from the Heavenly Palace, and there will be no problem in thinking." Heiyi said.

"The seven people in the Heavenly Palace..."

"I saw each other every ten years before, and their overall strength has the power to fight against the Eight-Star Dou Emperor. Now, I'm afraid it will be even more terrifying." The third hall master said to himself.

"Okay, got it, you go down, remember to always be vigilant about the seal of the exit of the ghost world, and if there is any problem, report it as soon as possible." The third hall master said slowly.

"Yes!" After the man in black finished speaking, he turned into a black smoke and disappeared instantly!

Due to the particularity of the sect, these people in Purgatory Tang have to live in darkness, but only in this way can they quietly approach the slaughter of ghosts, and some ghosts have no heart to resist, so they will be kept by the people of Purgatory Tang. kill!

"I didn't expect the ghost world to make a comeback so soon. Didn't they learn from the **** lesson last time..." The third hall master spoke slowly.

"It always feels like something big is about to happen..."

"No, the second hall master is not here, and the chief hall master went to the ghost world to go undercover again. Life and death are uncertain. When I am in purgatory, I am afraid that I will have to borrow some strength from other sects to quell this catastrophe." The third hall master has I plan to disappear into this dark mountain range immediately.

"Susu..."

"Purgatory Tang San Tang master is fortunate enough to come here today, which is really surprising." The next moment, when the third master appeared, he had already arrived at a heavily guarded place in his Purgatory Tang base camp.

Here, countless dark chains with a cold glow tightly lock a mass of black air!

That voice was emanating from the black air.

"Ghost Emperor, do you have any plans in the ghost world?"

"Are you planning to invade our Xuan Santian?" The third hall master slowly paced to the side of the black qi, isolated by that special chain, the black qi was already a dying thing at this time.

"Haha, I never thought that the third hall master of your dignified Purgatory Tang would have doubts on this day."

"Hahaha."

"But what I want to do in the ghost world is not something you can imagine."

"When the army of my ghost world arrives, it will be the day when your entire Xuantian Santian will be destroyed!" He said savagely, and the eerie and eerie ghosts around him continued to emerge, but just as the ghosts appeared, they were killed by that The chain that runs through the black gas is absorbed in an instant!

"Humph!"

"No matter how many ghosts come, none of us in Purgatory Tang will let go!" The third hall master said coldly, and disappeared immediately after speaking!

"Susu..."

"I can't think of a few Guixian adults who have advanced their plans. According to this situation, I am afraid that within ten years, Xuan Sansan will completely fall into the territory of my ghost world..."

"When the time comes, you filthy human beings will not die!" The ghost said gloomily and mournfully, but only endless echoes responded to it.

"How are things going?" In a secret room in Xuanling City, outside the royal family of Xuanling, an enchanting woman said.

"My lord, three of the nine seals of Xuantian have been opened. If you think about it in a few years, you will be able to open it completely!"

"When the time comes, my ghost world army..." The woman is the original Blood Rose!

"What did the Lord Ghost Immortals say?" Xue Qiangwei cast a glance at the man and then said.

"Master Ji Guixian is quite satisfied with what you have done, but they want to plan ahead, so..." The man whispered.

"Go back and tell them that they have waited for thousands of years, not too short of time. If the plan fails due to eagerness, they will know the consequences!" Blood Rose said coldly.

"Also, after telling them to get ready, they can take action after the Xuantian three-day sect competition starts... that will be our best chance!" .

It's just that the man in front of Blood Rose lowered his head directly, because he knew that Blood Rose's terrifying thing was this strange smile Let's go back. "Blood Rose said coldly.

"Yes!" Hearing the words, the man took out a scroll full of black and strange aura, then squeezed it lightly, and disappeared instantly.

"Haha, Xuan Sansan... You will be mine after playing for a long time..." Xue Qiangwei said with a smile.

"Miss, someone is asking to see you." Blood Rose just sent the man from the ghost world away when a voice came from outside the room.

"I'm already asleep, no see!" Xue Qiangwei said coldly.

It is now in the evening, and there are still many things to prepare and arrange. At this point in time, where does Blood Rose have time to see others?

"This person is the prince of the Xuanling royal family..." The maid outside the room said with some fear, this prince of the Xuanling royal family, a little maid of hers, can't afford to provoke her.

"Prince of the Xuanling royal family?" Just when Blood Rose was about to leave, she suddenly muttered to herself.

"The Xuanling Royal Family's trip to the Desert of Death this time has been a heavy loss. Why are they looking for me at this time?" The corner of Xue Qiangwei's mouth raised slightly.

After a brief thought to no avail, Xue Qiangwei tidied up her clothes, just to reveal some enchanting places, and then walked out.

"Miss Blood Rose, long time no see." Blood Rose just appeared, and immediately above the pavilion a few steps away from the room, the handsome young man slowly stood up and smiled.

Ask for tickets!

Three shifts today

Three more tomorrow