Chapter Vol 4 1159: Auction only for 2 people!

"What!" And as the sound of the wind of death fell, the people in the entire auction hall became restless!

The rarity of alchemists in the ghost world is even rarer than in the human world. This is why there is no pharmacist union in such a huge city of the ghost king!

Because in this ghost king city, even if there are hundreds of thousands of people, the number of refining pharmacists is probably only the number of one hand, and the number of hands is very few who have settled in the ghost king city for a long time. Pharmacists in the ghost world are almost like treasures in the palm of their hands.

"Lord of the dead city, only the alchemist can auction this thing, wouldn't that be too harsh?" The next moment, in the private room of the Lei family's No. 4, Lei family's patriarch Lei Li couldn't help but take the lead.

There's no way, the thunder attribute exercises that the Lei family practiced are somewhat similar to body-building techniques. If they can get the blood of this dragon, I'm afraid it will be enough to increase the strength of their entire family. By then, they will be in the ghost king city. Status will skyrocket.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yes, Lord of the Dead City, you are a little bit like this..."

"Yes, yes, everyone is a friend of Ghost King City. Naturally, good things should be auctioned together, and the one with the highest price will win." Obviously, there were not a few people who had the same idea as Lei Li, and they all spoke up.

"Hehe, everyone, this friend of mine is strong and powerful, and what he said, even I would not dare to violate it." Dead Wind naturally didn't want to pay attention to these people and said.

"This guy..." Seeing that Death Feng refused directly, a trace of ugliness appeared in the faces of some figures.

However, I was secretly surprised in my heart. I am afraid that the guy who can make the dead be so polite may not be too weak.

"Everyone present, please show your alchemist rank medal, and then you can increase the price."

"The reserve price is still 10 million gold coins." Dead Wind glanced and said immediately.

"..." As the sound of the wind of death fell, the entire auction venue was deadly quiet. Although there were hundreds of people here, if there was no alchemist among these hundreds, then there might be something wrong. Yes……

"Can I try it..." The next moment, in the private room No. 11, a woman with a pretty face slowly raised a medal with a strange pattern in her hand and said slowly.

On the patterned medal, a huge emperor character slowly appeared, and beside it, there was a star, and outside the star, there was a golden pattern.

Emperor, of course, is the emperor rank, if the character that appears is immortal, then it is the immortal rank.

A star represents the first rank of the emperor.

A line of gold represents the first level.

The information on this medal is that of a first-grade Xuan-level alchemist!

"Emperor rank 1st rank Xuan rank alchemist?" When Death Feng saw this scene, he couldn't help frowning.

The seller of this dragon blood crystal is a friend of his own. They encountered some intractable things during their trip to Yinhun Tiandong Continent, so they turned back halfway and were about to put this thing up for auction in order to find an alchemist. Peer together, so as to crack that intractable thing.

But this pharmacist, let alone the alchemist level, should be above the second rank of the emperor, and the first rank of the emperor is obviously not up to the standard.

"Respected first-grade emperor-level pharmacist, you are just getting started, and the alchemist we need must be at or above the second-grade emperor rank." Dead Wind said apologetically.

The woman in the private room No. 11 is certainly an alchemist who has just started, but even if she is as powerful as Death Wind, she is courteous three points. From this, it can be seen how popular a pharmacist is in the ghost world.

"En." As this scene fell, the entire auction venue fell into silence.

"City Lord, if none of these people are pharmacists, I'm afraid..." Li Qin's beautiful eyes looked around slightly, but she didn't see any strong people who wanted to sell. Obviously, they were not alchemists.

"Hehe, since none of you are alchemists, then this dragon blood crystal belongs to this old master."

"Eleven million!" And when the whole auction was quiet, the mysterious black robe in the private room no. 1 couldn't help but let out a rather strange laugh.

"Uh..." At the next moment, Xiao Yan twisted his fingers slightly, as if he remembered that since he came to the Dou Di Continent, he had just obtained an emperor-rank first-rank alchemist's pinnacle medal, and he has not since then. He has been appraised as a pharmacist, although Xiao Yan's current alchemy skills are definitely more than that.

"This guy..." Seeing the mysterious man in private room number 1 directly measuring out his Medal of Alchemist, Dead Wind couldn't help frowning.

In this private room, there is a mysterious person, even the dead wind does not know the details, but on the eve of the auction, he appeared with a token, so he was treated with respect by the dead wind, after all, the token is only The powerful strength in Yinhuntian has just been possessed, but this guy lives in a secluded place, and his breath makes the death wind quite uncomfortable, so his attitude towards him is also quite slow.

"This guy actually doesn't have any soul power that belongs to the alchemist. Could this medal be fake?"

"Forget it, let's settle the business first." Xiao Yan couldn't help but said, obviously with his keen soul power, he discovered some secrets about the mysterious man in the private room.

"I don't know, this token of mine might be able to bid?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's voice slowly sounded, and then there was only an emperor-rank first-rank heaven-rank alchemist medal in his hand, which was undoubtedly displayed.

A five-pointed star and three golden lines tightly surround the emperor character in the middle.

"Emperor-rank first-rank heaven-rank pharmacist?"

"Although Your Excellency is quite powerful, I'm sorry..." When he saw Xiao Yan just now, Dead Wind still shook his head and said.

"I delayed my practice for too long and didn't take the exam."

"But... these are feasible?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's lazy sheep's appearance immediately became heavy, and then within his body, waves of invisible soul fluctuations slowly disappeared in all directions.

"Soul power?" The pharmacist woman who had just revealed her identity couldn't help but exclaimed when she felt the mutation.

"This is……"

"Just the tyranny of this soul power is enough to be called a third-rank emperor!"

"Sir, if you are interested in this thing, please bid." The next moment, the dead beast smiled slightly, but his voice was filled with a shocking feeling. With his strength, he could naturally see Xiao Yan releasing his soul at a glance. Purpose of power!

"I'll pay 20 million." Seeing that it was easy to settle, Xiao Yan said without hesitation.

"Boy, are you courting death?" When the mysterious black robe in the private room No. 1 heard this, he couldn't help but sound a warning.

Obviously, this dragon blood crystal is the exclusive auction of two emperor-rank third-grade pharmacists Haha, sir, this is my ghost king city, and I hope to respect our rules here. ” And feeling the tyrannical oppression from the private room No. 1, Dead Wind stepped forward directly, stepped on it suddenly, and instantly dissipated its fluctuations.

"What a terrifying strength..." But this short-lived scene attracted the powerhouses in the private rooms to say it.

"I'll pay 30 million!" The mysterious black-robed man cast a vicious glance at Xiao Yan, and then opened his mouth.

"Forty million." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Fifty million!" said the man in black robe, his voice full of anger.

"Eighty million." A playful smile appeared at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth. It was obviously unwise to compete with him, a dignified alchemist who was at the peak of the third rank. Moreover, the other party was only an alchemist with the Medal of Alchemist, but he didn't. Any hypocrite of soul power.

"Boy, you're ruthless!" And the man in black robe also ruthlessly threw a ruthless remark, and immediately stopped raising the price.

"Dong, dong, dong!" The silver hammer tapped lightly on the auction table, and immediately the dragon blood crystal was bought by Xiao Yan at a high price of 80 million.

"This guy... is a ruthless man!" At this time, the three Seimei, who were in private room No. 3, couldn't help but express a trace of envy.

"Hehe, everyone, let it go." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and then sat down at Du. Since the auction was successful, the dragon blood crystals here would naturally enter Xiao Yan's pocket. Xiao Yan believed that these guys might be tyrannical in strength. , but it is far from reaching the point of clear competition with himself.