Chapter Vol 2 740: You guys, let's get started!

"Xiao Yan!"

"It sure is Xiao Yan!"

"This Xiao Yan has only come out now, shouldn't he have already mastered the fighting skills of their human hall..." The stone gate just opened, Xiao Yan's figure suddenly appeared, and then all the disciples kept talking.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Huhu."

"Fortunately, I caught up." The figure outside Shimen smiled slowly.

Finally, he practiced in the scroll of moving the sky ruler. He came out at the last moment, and then greeted the old guard, and then hurried to the exit, but fortunately it was still too late.

"What's the situation?" Xiao Yan had just returned to the Burning Incense Pavilion when he saw below him, hundreds of disciples were already waiting here, and their eyes were all fixed on him.

Xiao Yanguang knew the people here, including the three leaders who were named disciples of the Hall of Humanity, the people from Wuzhuju, including the second senior brother Lingxuan of the Hall of Earth, Lingyunguanglu and others.

At this time, everyone stared at themselves with a very special look, as if they were looking at monsters!

"Hehe, it's good to be back." Xiao Yan just appeared, and Mu Xuzi immediately got up and came to Xiao Yan's side, a feeling of relief suddenly spread.

"Deputy Hall Master." When Xiao Yan saw Mu Xuzi, he immediately expressed his gratitude to him. If it wasn't for the guidance that Mu Xuzi gave him before, I am afraid that he would not be able to find the specific details of the treasure of the Rendian Palace. Location.

After all, these people who are as powerful as Mu Yingying did not find the location of the treasure of their human palace. From this, it can be seen that the fourth floor of the so-called fair fighting skills pavilion obviously still has some moisture.

"Boy."

"How is it?" Seeing that Xiao Yan had just appeared, Xiong Yuan hurriedly asked. After all, this was related to the bet between him and Mu Xuzi, so he naturally kept it in his mind.

Following Xiong Yuan's inquiry, the disciples below suddenly held their breath, because at this time they also wanted to know whether Xiao Yan succeeded or not.

"Hehe, fortunately not to be humiliated." Faced with the expectations of so many senior brothers and the two deputy hall masters, Xiao Yan immediately did not shy away, and laughed directly.

"what!"

"Your kid actually succeeded?"

"Am I right?" Xiong Yuan was surprised when he heard the words. He naturally knew the reason why no one had successfully cultivated the treasures of the Palace of Humanity for thousands of years. So now that Xiao Yan said that he had succeeded, he was immediately incredulous. .

"Well, I have indeed solved the problem in the treasure of the Human Palace." Xiao Yan explained directly to Xiong Yuan's question.

"Damn, it's really bad luck!" Xiong Yuan saw Xiao Yan said this, and he couldn't say anything at once, so he could only lower his head secretly, heartbroken about his bet with Mu Xuzi.

However, Xiong Yuan knew that if what Xiao Yan said was true, I am afraid that this Xiao Yan would be the most outstanding person in the Hall of People and even the entire Burning Incense Pavilion for thousands of years!

"Is it really successful?" Mu Xuzi's body suddenly shook when he heard the words.

No one knows the tyranny of this Heaven-shifting Ruler fighting technique better than Mu Xuzi, but although this fighting technique is tyrannical, it has many problems. The reason why no one has succeeded in cultivation for thousands of years.

"Vice Palace Master, it is indeed a success." Faced with Mu Xuzi's disbelief, Xiao Yan immediately exited.

"what?"

"This Xiao Yan actually succeeded?"

"This is simply a monster." Just as Xiao Yan's voice fell, the group of disciples below were immediately surprised!

Although most of them don't know the treasure of this man's palace, they know that since the establishment of Burning Incense Pavilion, no one has successfully cultivated this fighting skill. Xiao Yan actually said that he has successfully cultivated. The shocking movement brought by it was no less than Xiao Yan's previous record breaking in Tongtianhe.

"he…"

"It actually succeeded?" Although he really wanted to hear the news from Xiao Yan's mouth, but now that he heard it, everyone's hearts were invariably puzzled. Among them, Ling Xuan said with big eyes.

"Is it really successful?"

"Although Xiao Yan has a lot of secrets on his body, I'm afraid their fighting skills in the Human Palace will not be resolved so easily." Wang Chen and Xiao Yan had fought each other, so he naturally knew that Xiao Yan contained other secrets, and immediately said.

"It's hard to say. After all, there are hundreds of disciples here. If Xiao Yan wants to cheat, it would be too unrealistic, but if it is true that the cultivation is successful, I don't believe it." Xingyu also maintains doubts about Xiao Yan. Attitude.

"It's good to be successful."

"Xiao Yan, you are the pride of my temple." Mu Xuzi said with tears in his eyes.

As the deputy hall master of the Human Palace, he naturally knows the power of moving the sky ruler, but he also hopes that his disciples will succeed in their cultivation, so as to strengthen the momentum of their Human Palace!

"Vice Palace Master, why are there so many people today?"

"Could it be that there is something important?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion.

"Hehe, that's not the case, it's mainly because our Fenxiang Pavilion has an unwritten rule." Mu Xuzi suddenly laughed strangely the next moment.

"Unwritten rules?" When Xiao Yan heard this, he immediately felt that something was wrong.

"Yes, no."

"Anyone who enters the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion will do their best to challenge the same sect. As long as they take action within a reasonable range, the sect will not interfere."

"So I guessed that the light on your body is too dazzling, and these people want to use you as their trial stone." Mu Xuzi said.

"I see."

"But if you want to use me as a trial stone, it would be too whimsical." Xiao Yan said very proudly.

"Deputy Pavilion Master Mu Xuzi, since the Dou Ji Pavilion is over, I think we should have the right to challenge Junior Brother Xiao Yan?" Below, a good-looking man spoke slightly, staring at Xiao Yan, obviously This man intends to be the first bird.

"Haha, is natural." Mu Xuzi heard the words and did not refute immediately. After all, this kind of thing has become an unwritten rule, and it is not good for Mu Xuzi to interfere more.

"Deputy Pavilion Master, I think, I should have the full power to refuse this kind of thing, right?" Facing the question of the figure below, Xiao Yan asked Mu Xuzi.

"You do have the right to refuse." Mu Xuzi said.

"Haha, can't you escape the news?"

"In front of so many brothers and sisters, you keep saying that you have learned the treasures of your human palace. If you back down, I'm afraid there is a lot of water in your words." The man below said nothing. Xiao Yan said affectionately.

"Hehe, I think you misunderstood."

"I don't want to refuse, I just want to know if I have the right, and it just so happens that I also want to try my own strength." Xiao Yan faced the male lead's doubts and said directly.

This man's strength in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor is not too good. Xiao Yan has not taken it to heart. After all, Xiao Yan's strength has reached the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation. There is no disciple in the human hall stronger than himself. , As for the Hall of Earth, there are only a few people who are stronger than him, and Xiao Yan has never paid attention to the others!

"I know why you gathered here today."

"Don't say I didn't give you a chance."

"Let's go up together." The next moment, Xiao Yan in the sky slowly landed on the ground, stretched his waist, and then said to the fellow apprentices.

Ask for tickets!