Chapter 497: Black-clothed manpower battles 2 half-immortals!

"This man in black... is not easy!" Zhu Jin said in a deep voice.

Obviously, even with Zhu Jin Banxian's strength, it would be a little tricky to deal with this man in black, let alone Shefu.

"Go!" In the next moment, Nu Dong took the people around him to attack instantly, not giving the eight leaders a chance to breathe!

The little abacus in Nu Dong's heart was quite good, because these eight leaders, just after the battle with Qin Tian, ​​the fighting spirit in their bodies all floated up. The most important thing is that they are not at their peak. During the battle, too much power was consumed, so Nu Dong dared to do it!

What Ling Nudong didn't expect was that a half-immortal bamboo ember in the Burning Incense Pavilion was actually killed halfway along the way!

The strength of a half-immortal, even in this mysterious three days, can directly walk sideways, and there is no sect that will say a word.

If it wasn't for the person from the Soul Palace beside him who said he was sure, he would not dare to attack rashly if he gave ten courage to Nu Dong, because if he failed, the situation of Nu Dong would be doomed!

"You stop them, the man in black, Zhu Jin and I will solve it!" Shefu said slightly, and a feeling of being strong outside and doing in the middle emerged in the hearts of the eight leaders.

"Lord Shefu, are you alright?" Mei Lan said, obviously a little worried.

"It's alright, you guys just used up a lot of strength, so it shouldn't be a big problem to deal with Nu Dong's group." Shefu didn't stop after finishing speaking, skipped the desert and came to the sky.

Zhu Jin and the man in black suddenly raised their breaths, and they also rose into the sky.

"You, the eight leaders of Medusa, are not the opponents of Nu Dong's group."

"If the two of you don't spare your hands to help them, I'm afraid your nine major Medusa tribes will decrease a lot today." The black air spread into the sky, making the already unclear sky a bit weird!

"It won't make you worry about it." Shefu faced this strange man in black, his momentum did not weaken in the slightest, and he escaped an elixir from his hand, and then his eyes flashed a bit of fleshy pain, without hesitation, directly Swallow it!

Following the swallowing of this medicinal pill, the vindictive energy in Shefu's body quickly recovered, nearly 50% in a short period of time.

"It's only 50%..." Seeing this, Zhu Jin opened his mouth slightly.

"Well, this person is not easy to deal with." Shefu turned his head and said to Zhu Jin after hearing this.

"It seems that today will be a rather grand harvest!"

"Susu!" In the black mist, it suddenly condensed into the appearance of a man in black, but the face of the man in black was shrouded in black, tightly revealing a pair of scarlet eyes!

"Then let's have a feast of death!" The black mist suddenly turned into a human figure, and then the man in black roared, and his voice was full of killing intent.

"My Medusa family's territory, how can you be arrogant!" A deep voice emerged from Shefu's mouth, and the voice was also full of huge anger and killing intent!

"Give me some time!" Zhu Jin and Shefu's soul power instantly communicated, and then Shefu nodded slightly!

Fighting formation division, the most powerful thing is not fighting with people, and with excellent mental power, he engraves a very responsible formation, so as to achieve the effect of attacking, defending or killing the enemy!

"Take your life!" The man in black roared, and then he stopped talking nonsense, and a monstrous black light erupted around the figure in an instant!

With the appearance of this black light, in the sky at this time, there are already five fingers out of sight, and the man in black is also strangely invisible!

"Are you invisible..." Shefu said slightly, and then the withered palm suddenly clenched a fist, and then pushed extremely hard toward the void on the left side of his body!

"Boom boom boom!" At the next moment, the void that Shefu attacked was still void in the first second, but in the next second, the figure of the man in black appeared instantly, and then the terrifying fist hit the man in black. Dark chains!

"Choke!" Above Shefu's fist, a majestic force of life and death covered it, and then made a shocking sound with the chain wrapped in dark air!

"Bang Bang Bang!" The first battle between the two, in the center of the battle, terrifying black and white ripples continued to spread everywhere!

"Susu, worthy of being the strongest of the Medusa clan." The man in black also smiled grimly, apparently not thinking that he could kill Shefu with this blow, otherwise the snakefu is the strongest of the Medusa clan. , Banxian's strength is too ridiculous.

"Drink!" The man in black drank abruptly, and then the dark chain wrapped around his hand disappeared instantly, replaced by a strange black gas!

"Bang bang bang!" Shefu's fist with a terrifying strong wind hit the strange black qi in the next moment, like hitting a soft sponge on a sponge, and then the strange black qi disappeared instantly.

"Chuck!" At the next moment, above Shefu's head, a dark chain and the figure of a man in black appeared. This time, a cold light appeared at the sharp edge of the dark chain, as if a single blow could kill it. Snake is dead!

"Shabu!" The offensive in Shefu's hands was not over yet, and the man in black appeared on top of his head, causing Shefu's pressure to increase immediately!

However, Shefu was not a hesitant either. The dragon rod in his hand, which had some gaps in it, suddenly lifted up, and instantly attacked with the dark chain!

"Boom boom boom!" The sharp edge of the black chain directly touched the snake head of the Jiao Python Staff!

"Shabu Shabu!" The dark chain with a shocking wind attacked viciously on the Jiao Python Staff!

The offensive in Shefu's hands ended in an instant, and then his hands were struggling to support the Jiao Python Staff, and a tremendous pressure suddenly emerged from the sharp edge of the dark chain!

"Hahaha!"

"Shefu, don't die!" Under the black robe of the man in black, a gloomy smile came out, and then he increased the strength in his hands!

"Damn it!" Shefu shouted and then let out a great deal of vindictiveness, but for this reason, his figure was slowly forced back by the man in black!

Even holding the Jiao Python Staff in his hand was quite difficult.

"If I was at my peak, I'm afraid I still have the power to fight. Now, I'm still too reluctant!" Shefu smiled bitterly in his heart.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This is not to blame for Shefu. After all, after the battle with Qin Tian just now, the fighting spirit in Shefu's body was almost exhausted. If he hadn't taken a pill to restore 50% of his power, he would have been defeated by the man in black. !

Snake Fu, who was struggling to support, turned to look at Zhu Jin behind him.

At this time, Zhu Jin had a silver-white scroll on top of his head, and above his head, a force that seemed to be substantive rapidly poured into the silver-white scroll.

Looking up slightly, Shefu saw that on the silver-white scroll, one after another extremely complex runes emerged, and then when the pupil just saw the silver-white scroll, a fear emerged...

"Is that the power of the formation condensed by the Dou Formation Master..." Shefu's offensive is coming to an end. After a while, he will be completely defeated by the man in black, but his mouth is slightly Open your mouth.

The man in black didn't know why the Shefu was distracted by the battle, so he followed Shefu's gaze.

A silver-white scroll exuding mysterious power was located above the bamboo embers, and then the scarlet pupils of the man in black shrank suddenly: "The power of a battle formation master?"

Ask for tickets!