Chapter 459: The change of soul jade and strange fire!

Xiao Yan and his party acted very low-key. After stepping into the city wall, they walked very lightly and at a very slow speed, slowly descending towards the city wall with a height of tens of meters.

Although I lost a lot of time along the way, it was fortunate that there was no danger, and it was blocked by Xiao Yan's huge soul power. In addition, most of the patrolling snake guards were only some three-star Doudi level strength, and the four-star Doudi capital It was a minority, so a few people quickly broke through the first line of defense, came under the city wall, and prepared to face the huge city.

"This Charming Snake Tribe is worthy of being one of the nine major tribes of the Medusa clan... Just this huge city, I'm afraid its area will not be inferior to Xuanling City!" Scarface said with some surprise.

Because at this time, they had come to the city through the dozens of meters high city wall, but this city is quite strange.

After the city wall came in, there was an empty land with a distance of hundreds of meters.

"The snake people are really smart." Xiao Yan grabbed a handful of dirt on the ground, and then laughed.

The soil is black, and at a glance, you can tell that it is not sand in the desert!

"It's not sand... it's mud?" The coyote also found the mud in Xiao Yan's hands, and immediately said in surprise.

"The tens of meters high city wall of the Charming Snake Tribe should be used to isolate the sand in the desert and the soil in the city."

"This Charming Snake Tribe is really terrifying. The average person really can't do this kind of means of shifting sand and changing soil." Xiao Yan said.

"Let's go, I feel that I'm getting closer and closer to the goal. After passing through this Charming Snake Tribe, we almost reached our destination." Tang Tang glanced at the huge city not far away, and then said.

"One thing I have to remind you, although my soul power is strong enough, my own strength is only in the early stage of the five-star Dou Emperor. If I encounter some strong snake people who are stronger than the seven-star Dou Emperor, my soul power will be hidden by me. There is nothing to hide, then..." Xiao Yan's face sank, and then he spoke.

"Don't worry, little brother Xiao Yan, and ours." The scarred man put one hand on Xiao Yan's shoulder and smiled.

"go!"

"Along the edge of the city, don't try to touch the center of the city, otherwise the risk factor of our trip will increase linearly." Xiao Yan hesitated for a while and then said.

"Yes." All the people around him responded.

Xiao Yan's enormous soul power has already won the trust of the Blood Blade Mercenary Group, so the members of the Blood Blade Mercenary Group will not underestimate Xiao Yan in the slightest.

"Big brother, why do I feel that something is about to move in my body..." Xiao Yan and his group moved slowly along the edge of the city wall, and then Xiao Yi stepped forward and said to Xiao Yan.

"I also have this feeling... The power of flame in my body is rather unsettled, as if something is attracting it." Mu Yingying paused for a while, then her lips moved slightly, her eyes revealing a kind of contemplation.

"I thought I was the only one... I didn't expect you all to feel it."

"This is the depths of the desert, and it should almost reach the core area of ​​the lonely desert of death. The lonely desert of death has been called the land of death since ancient times. There are countless treasures, and no one knows what they will encounter, but one thing is certain. , maybe the strangeness we are feeling now is not a bad thing." Xiao Yan said.

Because Xiao Yi is a fire elf, the power in her body already possesses the fusion power of Xiao Yan's own twenty-three different fires, so Xiao Yan doesn't care too much about Xiao Yi's abnormality.

It's just that Xiao Yan could feel that the holy flame in Mu Yingying's body was definitely stronger than the fusion power of twenty-three different fires she possessed, but Mu Yingying was always shy about the holy flame in her body. It was not easy for Xiao Yan to ask.

"Don't worry, there are still ours." Seemingly aware of some of Mu Yingying's worries, Xiao Yan Wenwen patted Mu Yingying with his palm, and then without hesitation, he walked towards the front.

"Hopefully... But this fluctuation seems to have a smell similar to flame... Could it be holy flame..." Mu Yingying slowly followed, muttering in her mouth.

"Cough cough cough..."

"These little guys." A relieved laughter said slowly.

After entering the desert of death, Lao Zhu was not at ease. With the performance of Xiao Yan and the others along the way, and the fact that they were now quietly floating into the Charming Snake Tribe, Lao Zhu and Xiao Yan were also relieved.

"Since they have entered the tail of the Charming Snake Tribe, it shouldn't be a big problem if they think about it, then it's time to get rid of some annoying flies... If you don't want to keep your strength to stop the Xuanling King, a nine-star fighting emperor, two Eight-star Dou Di is just to die." Zhu Lao smiled slowly, and then his figure disappeared instantly, heading towards the place where the original Xuanling King and his group disappeared!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

With the half-immortal strength of Elder Zhu, he had already discovered the three who had been following him.

"damn it!"

"Then why did the old ghost disappear?" Just the moment after the figure of Zhu Lao disappeared strangely, one of the three people who followed Zhu Lao asked with a very displeased face.

"Song Li, be careful, maybe this Zhu Jin has already discovered us... The name of Xuantian's first battle formation master is not that simple." Among the three, Liu Quan, who was short in stature, said slowly.

"Three sect masters, we are in the desert of death. If we eliminate this bamboo ember, it will be very powerful for our subsequent plans... and this is the desert of death, even if the Fenxiang Pavilion is angry, it will not help." Yang Wei gloomy 's smile.

"Don't be in a hurry... King Xuanling's group came to this Medusa clan to fight, and they must have some plans. I think this Zhu Jin also discovered this, so he didn't tear up with us." The short figure Liu Quan laughed.

"Then we..." Yang Wei wondered.

"Wait, I want to see what medicine is sold in the Xuanling King's gourd!" After Liu Quan finished speaking, his figure flashed and disappeared.

The group walked slowly along the edge of the city, and there was nothing unusual. After all, in the city, most of the people living in the periphery were just people with average strength. Those who lived in the center of the city were the existences with terrifying strength.

"Hey..." Xiao Yan walked slowly and suddenly felt an extremely hot wave in his acceptance ring.

"This is..." The next moment, Xiao Yan separated a trace of his soul power to investigate the abnormality in the Na ring Soul power had just entered the Emperor Yan ring, and he was surprised to find that his uncle, the Golden Dragon King The position of the retreat has long been slowly showing a bright golden color, and then a terrifying fluctuation is constantly brewing.

Immediately, in Na Jie, a transparent soul jade slowly floated in the middle of Na Jie!

At the same time, an extremely dazzling light was born instantly on the soul jade engraved with the soul power of the four people of Xun'er colored scales and ancient Xuan Zhukun.

"This is... Cailin!" Xiao Yan was suddenly shocked.

On the Soul Jade, a lifelike snake shadow was constantly swimming, and then a hot feeling spread throughout Xiao Yan's body!

"Cai Lin... is that you..." Xiao Yan was shocked!

"Medusa clan... Could it be!" Xiao Yan calmed down, then analyzed it carefully, and already had some answers in his heart.

"Cai Lin, don't worry, I will definitely find you!"

"If someone hurts you, then... the only way is to apologize with death." Xiao Yan's face sank, his soul instantly exited the ring, and then a fierce aura emerged.

"He... what's the matter?" Mu Yingying felt the most intuitive, just now Xiao Yan was still calm, but now he is a little emotionally unstable, and his speed has also increased a lot.

"Let's go, it is estimated that we will break through this Charming Snake Tribe in a while." Tang Tang also discovered Xiao Yan's abnormality, but only spoke to Mu Yingying, and then the group acted vigilantly, watching the situation, it will be a while longer You can break through the Charm Snake tribe.

Ask for tickets!