Chapter 687: 3-tailed fox!

"This guy, has his memory restored?" Hearing this, the Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast was stunned for a moment, and his eyes were full of solemnity.

Because when the spirit of Luoling Mountain appeared just now, she was clearly a woman without any memory. However, when the giant beast, the blond child and the five-element beast were talking, the power and memory in the spirit of Luolingshan were slowing down. Slowly waking up, that body has also changed from the initial green appearance to the very present very enchanting, surrounded by a colorless halo, extremely mysterious.

"It seems that I slept for too long, causing the memory to fade."

"But it's okay, because I have remembered it now." The spirit woman of Luoling Mountain had an extremely fierce look in her eyes, her eyes fixed on the blond child, as if she could eat him directly!

"Bastard!" The blond boy scolded slightly when he saw this. He had a deep memory of what happened back then.

"I remember you were the little fox back then."

"When you were just born in Luoling Mountain, you were an extremely weak dead beast. At that time, you were besieged by many powerful dead beasts. If I didn't happen to meet you and saved you, I'm afraid you have..."

"I didn't expect you to take a detour now." The Spirit of Luoling Mountain shook his head slightly.

"Hahaha!"

"detour?"

"If I hadn't benefited from you and Night Cat when I was weak back then, I'd probably have been reduced to food for other dead beasts!"

"Since then, I have been cultivating day and night, trying to use various methods to become stronger, just to care that one day those who bully me will die!" The blond boy said slowly, his voice extremely gloomy!

"It turns out that this guy is a three-tailed demon fox..."

"It is said that the three-tailed demon fox has three lives, and has some unique advantages, but I don't know if this is true." The countless compound eyes of the giant beast on the side flickered and kept thinking.

"Three-tailed demon fox, this is the demon fox clan that existed in ancient times. The demon fox clan divides their strength according to the number of tails. The weakest has one tail, and the strongest has nine tails. It is said that they cultivate to a certain level. It has a few lives." Seeing this, Qin Xin opened her mouth slightly.

"Looks like it's about to start."

"These three demon foxes and the giant beasts of the sky all know that the longer the delay, the worse it will be for them. After all, this woman is the spirit of the entire Luoling Mountain, and it is no exaggeration to say that she is the king of the entire Luoling Mountain." Xiao Yanling The pressure was loud and then analyzed.

"Heavenly-eyed behemoth, do it, I promise you that the reward will not be small!" The next moment, the blond boy suddenly drank, and his figure trembled suddenly!

"Bang bang bang!" A series of explosions, and then the blond child's body changed instantly!

Lose the disguise of a human body and transform into a fox with snow-white fluff!

The fox's eyes are red, and it has extremely tyrannical lethality. The slight movement of its powerful limbs has a powerful force that shakes the space. As for the tail, there are three full!

The three snow-white fox tails swayed constantly, as if they contained some mysterious power!

"Go!" The giant beast of the sky also knew the character of the three-tailed demon fox, and immediately without hesitation, the huge body moved instantaneously, and an energy palm print suddenly attacked the spirit of Luoling Mountain!

"It seems that the rules of Luoling Mountain should be formulated one by one." The spirit of Luoling Mountain said casually, but there was vigilance in his eyes.

Even if the woman is the spirit of Luoling Mountain, she does not dare to take it lightly against the three-tailed demon fox and the giant beast. After all, the strength of these two is obvious to all!

The strength of the three-tailed demon fox has reached the eight-star Dou Emperor, and the specific level is unknown, but the strength of the Tianmu giant beast is also full of the seven-star Dou Emperor consummation!

Even the Five Elements Beasts with the most powerful defensive powers are not strong in attack, but they have real strength in the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!

"Humph!" The spirit of Luoling Mountain let out a snarl, and an inexplicable colorless energy instantly appeared in the palm of his hand, and then forcefully made a push-out action, and the seemingly terrifying attack of the Tianmu beast was instantly blocked by Luoling Mountain's Spirit to bounce!

After all, the attack of the giant beast is only tentative, and the real attack method still has to rely on the three-tailed demon fox!

"Boom boom boom!" Since the three-tailed demon fox turned into a demon fox, his aura and aura changed drastically!

The next moment, a huge demon fox tail was directly used by the three-tailed demon fox to attack the spirit of Luoling Mountain!

"This guy, the tail should be his fatal point, but after so many years, he has actually turned this weakness into the most tyrannical attack method. He is really a good guy." Five Elements Beast murmured.

The Five Elements Beast knows the three major mountain ranges in the entire Luoling Mountain best!

He is only afraid of the giant beast, the three-tailed demon fox and the spirit of Luoling Mountain. He is not afraid of any other dead beast!

However, although they are afraid, the five-element beasts are better than the giant tortoise shells with five-element attributes, so even if a few others join forces, the five-element beasts are confident enough to remain invincible, but it is hard to say whether they can defeat them.

"Boom boom boom!" The huge solitary tail of the three-tailed demon fox was suddenly photographed, and a trace of solemnity appeared on the pretty face of the spirit of Luoling Mountain, and then the colorless power around him appeared, attacking the three-tailed demon fox!

The three are constantly fighting each other, but anyone can see that the three of them are only in the tentative stage at this time.

As for the other two mountain ranges among the three major mountain ranges of Luoling Mountain at this time!

The Five Elements Mountain Range where the Five Elements Beasts live, here the ground team and Xiao Yan and his team have gathered at the Five Elements Mountain Range where the Five Elements Beasts live, but they were surprised to find that the Five Elements Beasts have long disappeared. UU read the book www.uukanshu. com This made several people feel slightly uneasy!

Logically speaking, these five-element beasts will inhabit their own mountains at all times. After all, five-element beasts are different from other dead beasts. Five-element beasts only need enough strength to be able to rely on his incomparably rigid five-element attributes. It can be said that it is the most comfortable dead beast!

The Tianmu Mountains also gathered several people to the top of the mountain, but they searched the Tianmu Mountains and found no trace of the Tianmu Giant Beast.

When the people in the two mountains saw this situation, they had to give up their search and instead hunted some dead beasts, because they were surprised to find that every time they hunted dead beasts, it would bring them some more or less. The increase in strength, as for the secret, is unknown.

The elders meeting room in the Incense Pavilion.

"What about Mu Xuzi and Xiong Yuan?" A vicious man stood in the first place, next to him was Qing Lao.

"Reporting to the hall master, Mu Xuzi and Xiong Yuan have already gone to Luoling Mountain to guard. Once there is any trouble in Luoling Mountain, they will be notified as soon as possible!" One of the old men said respectfully.

"Yep."

"It really doesn't work, this Luoling Mountain has no meaning to exist." This so-called Hall Master is the current Hall Master of the Earth Hall!

"Yes, Hall Master!" Several other elders nodded immediately upon hearing this.

Although this Luoling Mountain provides them with an excellent test place for Burning Incense Pavilion, each time there will be more or less the first death. I know it must be related to Luoling Mountain.

"Xiao Yan, Mu Xuzi, if my daughter has half a point of damage, this hall will ask you!" After finishing speaking, the hall master of the earth hall swung his legs away! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: