Chapter Vol 4 2025: 3 strong battle Koyuan!

"Don't be so dawdling with mother-in-law and mother. If you are ready, then come to die obediently." Gu Yuan stepped out, and the surrounding void shattered instantly, and the monstrous evil power was like a curtain of sky, suppressing everyone present.

He could have directly killed the three with the power of crushing, but in order for the evil scholar to enjoy and pursue that perfect art, this scene has just happened.

"Go!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and immediately took the lead.

Gu Yuan's strength is unfathomable, but Xiao Yan is still ready to test its truth, so that he can decide what means to use to suppress him.

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan, Xun'er and Peerless Heavenly Emperor, the dazzling flames around their bodies were shining brightly, and the speed was as fast as a ghost. The fierce offensive in their hands was undoubtedly displayed, and they came to Gu Yuan's body in an instant.

The attacks of the three people are all in the category of immortal arts. Obviously, to deal with a strong man like Gu Yuan, there is no need to warm up. Once you come, you must use your real skills, otherwise they will lose very quickly.

"No Phase Slash!" Xiao Yan took the lead, and when he came to Gu Yuan's body, he let out a low roar, the holy pattern on the ancient ruler shone brightly, and an invisible energy ripple slowly poured out.

"Dangdangdang." It seemed that Xiao Yan's full-strength blow did not cause any substantial damage to Gu Yuan, only blowing his clothes and moving a tiny distance.

"Kacha!" Gu Yuan stretched out his palm and suddenly grabbed at the void, Xiao Yan's Phaseless Slash attack was instantly broken, and the shocking force made Xiao Yan's figure unstable, and he was quite embarrassed in the void. Glide in it.

"It's a good fire of holy flame, why don't you give it to me." Deciphering Xiao Yan's attack at will, Gu Yuan sarcastically said to Xiao Yan, his greed fluctuated without a doubt.

"Six Crows Shining on the Sun!" Seeing this, Xun'er's heart was eager, and a coquettish shout emerged. The golden light all over the body was prosperous, and countless golden lights turned into flame spirits. After the blink of an eye, six sacred flame golden crows formed behind them. Only the Golden Crow carries the extremely sacred holy flame fire pattern, which burns the entire void like rounds of scorching sun, and a trace of hidden throbbing fills the entire sky.

"Crash!" Under Xun'er's exquisite control, the six golden crows roared away at Gu Yuan in an orderly manner. They stretched their wings, and countless sacred scorching auras were revealed, gathering infinite golden flames like a sun. As dazzling, he moved towards Gu Yuan's suppression.

"Humph!"

"Ancient fairyland!" Gu Yuan didn't dare to take it lightly when he saw this, after all, this is the top ten holy flames, even if Xun'er has just acquired his inheritance, he has less than one tenth of his power.

"Crash!" Countless ice crystals emerged from Gu Yuan's body, and traces of white cold air emerged, forming extremely cold ice flowers around him!

Among the ice flowers, countless petals bloomed first, and the bone-chilling chill swept the entire square, causing the temperature here to drop suddenly.

"Bang bang bang!" The ice crystal ice flower and the six golden crows touched gently, the dazzling golden light was extremely strong, and instantly crushed all the ice crystal petals. The top ten holy flames on the holy flame list were so terrifying!

"Frozen for me!" Gu Yuan snorted coldly as he looked at the six tyrannical Golden Crows, the surrounding void suddenly collapsed, and boundless demonic qi gushed out, cooperating with the power of extreme ice in his body and stalemate, a moment later , the terrifying confrontation between the two emerged at the same time, turned into mists, and gently dissipated on the square.

At first glance, it was a draw!

"Are you alright?" As soon as the attack fell, Xun'er's body rose and fell violently. It was obvious that the six Golden Crows had just been used to carry a heavy load on him. A trembling couldn't help but retreated backwards, and his figure was unstable. At this time, Xiao Yan appeared quietly and put his arms around him. Living on Xun'er's willow waist, he said solemnly.

"It's okay." Xun'er nodded, but his eyes were still wary of Gu Yuan.

"Ancient Immortal Giant Elephant!" As soon as Xun'er's attack was over, behind the Peerless Heavenly Emperor, a towering golden giant suddenly stepped on the front, trying to cause a severe oppression on Gu Yuan.

"Go away!" Gu Yuan roared at this, and the circles of fiery red flames turned into a wave of energy, spreading out like ripples!

"Pfft!" With a sound, when the fiery red energy ripples spread, the golden giant behind the Peerless Heavenly Emperor scattered directly and fell apart.

The powerful blow of the three powerhouses did not cause any damage to Gu Yuan.

"This guy is actually a powerhouse with both ice and fire attributes."

"I'm afraid I'll have to rely on you next." Xiao Yan's expression suddenly changed, and he also had an idea in his heart.

"Brother Xiao Yan, please leave it to us." Xun'er smiled sweetly, and naturally understood Xiao Yan's plan, and immediately exchanged glances with Peerless Heavenly Emperor. The two turbulent attacks were on display, and Gu Yuan was temporarily entangled. stand up.

Xiao Yan's body quickly retreated, almost disappeared, suddenly turned into an arc of fire and faded back, and he was also thinking violently in his mind.

"The fusion of the six-color holy flames will take a lot of time. Now that the battle is urgent, it is impossible to have this time, no no no."

"Dark underworld warriors belong to darkness. With the wisdom of evil and charming scholars, I'm afraid they can guess something, but it won't work."

"No, hurry up." Xiao Yan tried his best to think of a solution, but looking at the two people who were constantly being teased by Gu Yuan above the sky, an extreme killing intent emerged.

"Now I have to give it a try. I hope I can control the power of the clan marks. Otherwise, I will obliterate an eight-star Dou Xian who is successful and is still a powerhouse who touches reincarnation. My trouble is very big." Xiao Yan finished, His eyes were closed, his body was burning at a high speed, and a trace of tyrannical soul power communicated with the blood of the Xiao clan deep in his body. A devastating blow to Gu Yuan, disintegrating the current disadvantage Xiao Yan still doesn't quite understand the power of clan patterns, it seems that his clan patterns are different from ordinary clan patterns, but Xiao Yan is Worrying is superfluous, after all, even if Xiao Yan perfectly uses the power of the clan mark, he can at most damage Gu Yuan, and if he directly obliterates it, it will not be fantastic, unless Xiao Yan's strength breaks through the eight stars and cooperates with the power of the clan mark...

The power of the Xiao ethnic pattern is so terrifying!

However, the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal who has touched the reincarnation of Gu Yuan dignifiedly is complete, whether it is strength or mentality, it should not be underestimated!

"Boom!" Above the entire square, Xun'er and Peerless Heavenly Emperor fiercely attacked, but Xiao Yan sat quietly cross-legged, thinking something.

"It's almost there, don't let me down, otherwise the next game will be redundant." Xie Mei Scholar didn't seem to care about the situation of the battle, and he didn't intend to interfere with Xiao Yan.

Gu Yuan is a test set by himself. If they can defeat Gu Yuan, they have the qualifications to play games with them. No matter what method is used, the evil scholar does not care. All he cares about is the result. After all, in his eyes, all puppets are just a chess piece.

Following the battle on the square below, the twelve stone pillars on the altar were symmetrical to each other, and at the center, a chessboard stone table slowly emerged, but there was no chess piece on the chessboard stone table, instead, it was impossible to touch it. The evil power to figure out is full of them.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: