Chapter Vol 4 1999: 2 Gu Yang?

"Good boy, you have courage!" Hearing Xiao Yan's confident tone, the corners of Ninth Elder's eyes drooped slightly, showing a touch of relief.

This kid seems to have an aura of tyrannical dominance in his body, which will surely become a great weapon in the future!

"By the way, the nine elders, what about the supreme elders of your ancient clan?"

"Could it be..." Xiao Yan asked as if he remembered something.

"I don't know, whether the elders of the Supreme Being failed to cross the tribulation and entered the reincarnation or other problems, even we don't know."

"Because when I found out that the patriarch and others had a wrong atmosphere, I used a secret method to call the elders, but there was no response." The ninth elder said solemnly.

"The first floor of the ancient prison is detained by some powerful or highly respected people. It seems that the foreigners want to control them and make them slaves and horses for them, and there are not a few guardians who are strong in the later stage of the Eight Star Dou Xian. , and even the king of the evil race from outside the territory who has the level of a real giant and sits in person..."

"What are you going to do next?" After a series of information he knew, the nine elders asked slightly.

"Do you want me to go back and send rescue troops?" Looking at the extremely unkind gaze of the nine elders, Xiao Yan also noticed something.

But unexpectedly, there is a king of a foreign evil clan sitting here?

According to today's information in the Great Thousand World, the highest level of the extraterritorial evil race is the king level.

Common King, Black King, White King, and Red King.

There are four kinds of existence, no matter which one it is, this is probably a mortal situation for Xiao Yan.

"I vaguely sensed the presence of a ray of light. If it's good, I'm afraid it's someone from the Holy See. You should leave here and go to the Holy See. The aliens and their enemies are already dead. I believe they will be happy to take action."

"After all, the scope of this matter is too large, and only in this way can you..." The nine elders muttered one after another. After all, even though Xiao Yan has a special talent for holy flame, he is a late stage Seven Star Fighting Immortal, to put it bluntly. , this power is really...

"What else do you know, say it in one breath, otherwise it will be too late."

"As for the Holy See, I don't have much interest." Xiao Yan said lightly, the meaning of the words was obvious.

"Hey, if you insist on going down, be careful. This is a space scroll, which can let you escape in a short time." While speaking, a silver-white scroll actually slowly penetrated the evil barrier and fell into Xiao Yan's hands.

"Leave it to me." Xiao Yan took it and left here slowly, heading towards the so-called first floor.

"I hope this guy can bring some miracles, otherwise the ancients will definitely be wiped out in this catastrophe..." The weak voices flowed slowly, and it was clear that their time for such a strong man was running out.

"Hey!" After Xiao Yan exited the stone hall, he deliberately checked the second floor here, and found that there were other suspicious things, and immediately walked slowly towards the last floor.

At the end of the second floor, the passage leading to the first floor is actually a mysterious enchantment. The enchantment is like a big pit, bottomless, and countless evil spirits swept out, making people shudder, that kind of terrifying. The breath is no less than jumping into the pit of ten thousand blood.

"Crack." With a sound, an invisible black beam of light suddenly descended, and the evil aura that filled it turned out to be a tremor in Xiao Yan's body.

"Evil Demon Breeding Ground... Cultivating Kings?" Xiao Yan's mouth showed a rare solemnity, looking at the **** abyss below.

"When you are staring at the abyss... the abyss is also staring at you!" When Xiao Yan looked down, such a sentence suddenly appeared in his heart.

"Master of Fire Guard." Dare not to hesitate at all, Xiao Yan's body turned into a black spot hidden in the darkness, and went directly to the first floor of the ancient prison.

It was easy to penetrate the barrier and enter the first floor of the ancient prison.

Looking around, the cells here are actually separated from each other, and even a trace of strange water that is extremely cold is suspended under the feet.

The gloomy, strange, and suppressed aura made Xiao Yan extraordinarily vigilant.

"nobody?"

"No, they should be deeper." After a slight induction, Xiao Yan found that the first floor of the ancient prison was too large, and it seemed to be a special attic space that spiraled downward, surrounded by countless separate cells. Among them, it is full of special power that devours Dou Qi.

"According to Sheng Yan's feedback, it should be here." Xiao Yan slowly descended along the spiral ancient prison.

"Bang bang bang!" Just as Xiao Yan carefully walked down the edge of the ancient prison, in a cell next to Xiao Yan, the sound of violent touching between metals attracted Xiao Yan's attention.

"What's this?" The cell was airtight, and there was only a light opening of about a foot in it to see inside. Xiao Yan turned into a black spot and approached the cell that was making noises. Shares feel familiar.

"Hooho!" Xiao Yan's breath was just at the mouth of the light and he looked inside, when suddenly he was completely embarrassed, with black hair covering half of his face, but a pair of eyes flashing with dim light was looking at Xiao fiercely. inflammation!

"Sisi!" Upon seeing this, Xiao Yan's heart was filled with shock, but the faint aura on this guy's body still made Xiao Yan continue to watch.

The extremely sloppy face and the beard all over his face seemed to have been imprisoned for countless years. In addition, the conspicuous black chains on his body continued to swallow his fighting qi, making him unable to use any fighting qi power.

"This... this is?"

"Gu Yang?" After a while, when this figure noticed the existence of Xiao Yan extremely rancid hands peeled off his black hair, and looked at Xiao Yan in a murmur, and Xiao Yan couldn't bear it. Live exclaimed.

Even though this guy's appearance was covered up and changed, Xiao Yan still recognized him at a glance.

Gu Yang, the lord of Gu Yang City!

But didn't he obliterate the evil aura attached to the ancient prison at the entrance of the ancient prison and help Gu Yang return to normal?

Now that there is a figure exactly like Gu Yang in front of him, Xiao Yan's shock cannot be added!

"Soul body?" Just when Xiao Yan had a lot of thoughts in his mind, he suddenly discovered something.

"Who are you... Who are you?" Seeing this, "Gu Yang", who was tightly bound by chains, said to the light mouth coldly. His voice was rather jerky, and it seemed that he had not spoken for countless years. From Xiao Yan, He sensed a familiar aura, which was his own power.

"There is also a Gu Yang in the outside world. I will obliterate the evil aura attached to him. Hasn't he returned to normal?"

"What the **** is going on here?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"Okay, okay!" Hearing Xiao Yan's calm voice, Gu Yang's soul body trembled with excitement.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: