Chapter 364: 108 kinds of fairy weapons!

"Haha, then you should also know that any one of us here can kill you if he wants to." Facing this woman's naked threat, the Golden Dragon King said without changing his expression.

"I know."

"That's why I said that my mission is just to find a suitable person for this fairy sword." The woman also said softly.

When the Golden Dragon King heard this, he couldn't help but feel a little angry!

He is the aloof Golden Dragon King, the overlord of the dragon clan. When ever he was threatened by this human being, he immediately looked unhappy, snorted coldly and ignored the woman.

"Since I don't want to kill you, I have to show some sincerity, right?" Xiao Yan also found that the scene here was very embarrassing, and hurriedly spoke out to ease the heavy atmosphere.

"Hmph, since that's the case, I won't go around in circles with you."

"Do you know why this fairy sword is broken..." The woman also said slightly.

"Although this immortal sword looks extremely sharp, it seems as if something is missing, which greatly reduces the power of this immortal sword." Xiao Yan also said thoughtfully.

"You're right."

"But do you know why this immortal sword is like this?" The woman also became slightly friendly towards Xiao Yan, and then asked back.

"I don't know." Xiao Yan also shook his head. Obviously, facing the secrets in the immortal sword, Xiao Yan couldn't come up with any solution.

"This fairy sword doesn't have a name. Only when the real owner is found and the day it opens, will it get its name."

"This immortal sword was originally forged by three fighting immortal-level powerhouses. The material of the immortal sword is also quite special. It is a kind of meteorite from outside the sky. This meteorite has extremely tyrannical vitality and terrifying stiffness. Dou Xian worked hard, and it took decades to create it..." The woman said slowly.

"Do you have the power of life and the extremely stiff meteorite..." The Golden Dragon King never took his eyes off the mysterious meteorite hanging ten meters away from the beginning to the end. Now the energy body in this fairy sword said so, and immediately thought of it. what.

"Could it be..." Xiao Yan's pupils also turned abruptly, glanced at the mysterious meteorite, and seemed to have made a surprising discovery.

"And the reason why this fairy sword is missing a part is that it lacks money, an important part of tempering." The woman also said slightly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan frowned upon hearing this. Although he was not a craftsman of forging weapons, he knew a little about forging weapons.

The casting of a weapon is first and foremost the selection of materials. The quality of the material largely determines the peak that the weapon can achieve.

The second step is to melt the selected material at high temperature and re-agglomerate it to create a basic prototype, so as to go through some special techniques. This forms the fairy sword.

But the most important thing about casting weapons is the tempering after casting!

Only weapons that have been tempered can truly have power!

"so……"

"Now you understand my intentions?" The woman also stared at the three people in front of her with a sly smile.

"Haha, are you trying to swallow this mysterious meteorite for yourself?" Long Yi first couldn't bear it, and then said viciously.

"It's not to be swallowed alone. Don't look at that small mysterious meteorite. Even if it is used to temper this fairy sword, one-tenth of the meteorite will not be used, so you don't have to worry." The woman also said.

"Furthermore, the immortal swords that have been tempered will definitely be ranked among the top of your human world immortal sword list!" The woman also released her reassurance.

"The immortal swords and immortal weapons possessed by human beings are called the Immortal Armament List. According to their power and special abilities, they are basically divided into 108 types, each of which is extremely terrifying!"

"If an immortal-level powerhouse controls an immortal weapon, then its combat power will also increase exponentially!" The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly...

"One hundred and eight kinds..." Xiao Yan shook his head. Although he didn't know why, Xiao Yan had a certain feeling that compared with many immortal weapons, his own ancient ruler of different fires was not good enough. too bad.

The next moment, Xiao Yan also withdrew his own flame, and then slowly held his own ancient ruler of strange fire. At this time, an extremely crazy obsession also entered Xiao Yan's mind.

"What?" Xiao Yan was also shocked!

Because of the fluctuation just now, it was the strange fire radiating from the ancient ruler!

That feeling is that he is quite greedy towards the mysterious meteorite in front of him!

Even this feeling is even hotter than the original fluctuations from the immortal sword!

"What exactly is going on?"

"Could it be that this Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler also has a very greedy idea for the life meteorite? If it is also tempered by this Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler, I wonder if it can barely reach the same power as the Immortal Armament Ranking..." Xiao Yan Also slightly.

"Time is running out, make a decision as soon as possible."

"If you want to kill or slash, you can do whatever you want." The woman was not afraid of these three people at all, and said calmly.

Hearing this, the Golden Dragon King did not make a sound, but quietly stared at the space around him, as if something was rapidly approaching!

"This mysterious meteorite has an extremely terrifying life force, and it may be able to temper this ancient ruler of strange fire after getting it..." Xiao Yan also quickly calculated in his heart.

"Since you said that getting this mysterious meteorite is good for you how about we cooperate?" The next moment, Xiao Yan also stared at the woman in front of him with a smile on his face.

"cooperate?"

"I can't trust you hypocritical humans." The woman also snorted coldly, obviously being wary of humans.

"You just need to tell me the secret of this mysterious meteorite, you can get a part of this meteorite without your hands, and I promise you, I will find a top casting master for you afterwards, complete the tempering of the fairy sword, and let it See the sun again!" Xiao Yan also said.

"In that case..."

"Alright then..." The woman also paused for a while, then bit her lip, and agreed to Xiao Yan.

"But it was agreed in advance that if you betray your trust, even if I fight the danger of falling, I will make you unable to eat and walk around, and you will not be able to get this fairy sword!" The woman seemed unwilling and said.

"Don't worry, I can't chase after a horse." Xiao Yan didn't care about that. After all, Xiao Yan was willing to pay for one-tenth of the meteorite. Otherwise, how could he say that he couldn't bear the child and couldn't bear it? What about wolves?

"Where do you wish us a happy cooperation in advance." Xiao Yan also smiled and said slowly.

"Don't get too happy too soon."

"Although you all came here, this meteorite is not so easy to get." The next moment, the woman also laughed, with a lot of jokes in her smile.

Ask for tickets!