Chapter Vol 4 1432: Earth Demon Bear!

"Do you know the details of this guy?" Xiao Yan and Mu Ge were back to back, each alerted to the other, and Xiao Yan immediately said.

"I don't know...but this fog seems to be able to control the mind of the soul beast."

"I was attacked by a group of beasts just now. Although those spirit beasts are not strong, they are extremely violent."

"Fortunately, there is no danger." Mu Ge also said slowly.

"This fog is indeed a big obstacle, and I have noticed that if you want to find mysterious creatures, I am afraid that you must pioneer to remove this mysterious fog..."

"Is there a way to get rid of this fog?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively.

"Give me some time, my ice attribute vindictiveness can do it." Seeing Xiao Yan speak, Mu Ge immediately sat down with his legs crossed, and an incomparably tyrannical ice attribute vindictiveness slowly emerged from his body.

"This guy... seems to be hiding quite deeply." Seeing the pastoral who was concentrating on his tyrannical fighting skills, Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing. Obviously, since this guy broke through to the Samsung Dou Immortal, his strength was the same as when he fought with him before. , has undergone earth-shaking changes.

"Boom!" In an instant, just when Xiao Yan was distracted, in the mist, a giant claws of nothingness, hundreds of meters tall, attacked the two figures of Xiao Yan frantically with an extremely fierce offensive.

"The first change of the Dragon God!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's tyrannical pressure caused Xiao Yan's legs to sink into the ground slightly, and he couldn't help but meditate in his heart.

With the display of the first transformation of the Dragon God, Xiao Yan's body is strong enough to compete with the real three-star fighting immortal late stage powerhouse.

"Boom!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's claws were wrapped in fiery red Dou Qi, and then he suddenly hit the giant claws in front of him and headed away.

"Puff, puff!" A harsh rubbing sound made the space of this primeval forest become restless.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a simple blow, Xiao Yan's figure took a few steps back to stabilize his figure, and the giant claws of nothingness dissipated in an instant.

"This guy's power... is very strong." Xiao Yan stared at the surroundings with deep eyes. The blow he just made seemed simple, but after the double blessing of the Dragon God's first transformation and his own Dou Qi flame, he was still invincible. This made Xiao Yan be careful about the mysterious creatures hidden in the mist.

"This human... the power is so tyrannical." The mysterious creature in the mist, seeing that his attack did not hurt Xiao Yan, immediately muttered to himself, with a look of disbelief.

As the existence of the king in the Heavenly Underworld Mountains, it is above power, but no one can compete with itself, and it is unexpected that it will be tied with a human being.

"Forget it, be careful."

"Crash!" After thinking for a while, Xiao Yan did not dare to be careless, the dazzling flame power emerged, and then completely wrapped the figures of the two to prevent the sneak attack of the mysterious creature.

"Hey... nice human."

"I haven't met such a tyrannical human in a long time." As soon as the voice fell, the mysterious creature suddenly moved.

"Xuuuu!" Strange voices emerged, Xiao Yan suddenly sensed something was wrong, and frowned.

"Not good!" After a few breaths, the strong sense of crisis became stronger, Xiao Yan couldn't help but snorted coldly.

Because by virtue of Xiao Yan's soul power, the position of the mysterious creature could not be locked, but by virtue of his soul power, he was surprised to find that the primeval forest was moving at a high speed at this time!

"Bang bang bang!" After a while, rock giants made of rocks suddenly appeared in Xiao Yan's line of sight.

"Ten rock giants in the early stage of the Three Star Battle of Immortals..." Xiao Yan's eyes were indifferent, Zaidu glanced at the madrigal who was at a critical juncture, and shook his head.

"Boom boom boom!" The ten rock giants didn't seem to have any wisdom. They just appeared, and they suddenly took a strong step like shaking the ground and shot towards Xiao Yan.

"Bang bang bang!" Rock does not have any strength and fighting spirit in his body. It seems that he relied on his instinct to throw a heavy punch at Xiao Yan, but on top of that punch, there is a full content to obliterate the powerhouses in the early stage of Samsung Dou Xian. The fatal blow!

"Move the ruler of the sky!" Xiao Yan took off the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire while dispersing his fighting spirit to protect the pastoral song, and the mysterious fluctuations were directly displayed.

"Pfft." Immediately, one of the rock giants threw a seemingly ferocious punch and disappeared directly from Xiao Yan. Immediately, the void was squirming not far away, and the attack transferred by Xiao Yan appeared, thus easily destroying it. A rock giant!

"One finger in the sky!"

"Two Fingers!" At the next moment, two dazzling fingers flickered, and another two rock giants turned into powder.

"Whoa!"

"Damn, what the **** is this..." After a while, Xiao Yan was trying to destroy the remaining seven rock giants, but his eyes looked through the strange mist and saw the rocks that he had destroyed and turned into powder soil. The giants are actually flickering, and they are instantly fused together, turning into a rock giant, and even the breath of their rebirth is stronger than before.

"Bingtian Mausoleum!" Just when Xiao Yan felt a little strange, the temperature in the entire primeval forest suddenly appeared a lot, and even bursts of ice threads suddenly emerged.

"Successful?" Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan also felt relieved. The dazzling soul power was displayed. Once the strange fog dissipated, it was possible to use the soul power to find the specific location of the culprit.

"Boom!" The dazzling ice-type fighting qi formed a huge white ice coffin in mid-air, and then ten rock giants below were easily sucked into it by an extremely terrifying suction force.

"Frozen!" The ten rock giants just poured into the ice coffin, and the lid of an invisible ice mausoleum was instantly closed, and then it was heavily sealed!

"Puff, puff!" Being completely suppressed by such a tyrannical ice-type battle qi, the ten rock giants lost all their vitality and were completely frozen.

"Ice... disperse!" In an instant, the dazzling ice and snow leaped around, and then the strange fog was slowly expelled.

"Good guy!" Suddenly Xiao Yan's voice burst out, and then the fiery red terrifying flames of the Fire Element Heavenly Seed emerged in an instant, and surrounded them somewhere in the primeval forest.

"Hehehe...I was discovered."

"But I really didn't expect to meet two such tyrannical humans..."

"And they are two fellows with a great heavenly seed." After a few breaths, the power of ice and snow dissipated the mist, and the mysterious creature locked by Xiao Yan slowly spoke, with a sound like a bell, quite loud.

"This is... the Earth Demon Bear?" The next moment, the whole picture of the primitive forest and the mysterious creature was slowly seen by Xiao Yan and the two of them, and Xiao Yan couldn't help but lose his voice.

The mysterious creature that came into view was covered in brown hair, and was over 100 meters tall. Its limbs and trunk were like indestructible rocks. Those eyes were piercing, like the overlord of the Tianming Mountains!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!