Chapter Vol 4 1107: meeting an acquaintance

"Huhu."

"Now the strength has reached the peak of Dou Di, and the technique has reached the intermediate level of the Holy Order."

"The most urgent task now is to stabilize the strength in the body first, and then solve the problem of the flames beasts fighting the sea..."

"At that time, it was a matter of course to set foot in Dou Xian." Xiao Yan left the Holy Flame space directly, and then spoke softly in the cave.

For the promotion of Dou Xian, although Xiao Yan has no certainty of winning, he must combine the power of life and death, the life and death calamity when promoted to Dou Xian, and the compression of Dou Qi sea to condense a series of things, even if it is not simple, but Xiao Yan has Self-confidence, as long as you solve your own vindictive problem, other problems are trivial.

Xiao Yan believed that he would succeed.

Moreover, what Xiao Yan was most taboo about was the woman who called herself the guardian of the Xiao family that he met when he first came to Dou Di Dalu.

That woman's strength and temperament are quite excellent, and she has holy flame, and it is ridiculous that she made a century-old pact with Xiao Yan.

It has only been a few decades since the 100-year appointment, and now he is within easy reach of Dou Xian. Every time Xiao Yan thinks of this, he can't help but want to laugh.

However, Xiao Yan also knew that if it weren't for the help of Fen Jue and San Duo Sheng Yan, I am afraid that in a hundred years, according to ordinary practice, it would be more difficult to break through Emperor Dou than to ascend to the sky.

"Guardian of the Xiao family, wait."

"I, Xiao Yan, will go back sooner or later." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Oh, boy, that's not bad."

"Are you at the peak of Dou Di's strength?" Just as Xiao Yan finished speaking, a gloomy and strange laugh suddenly came out.

"Senior Soul Eater." Hearing this, Xiao Yan smiled cheerfully. Obviously, he didn't need to guess who the voice was.

"Senior, call me Soul Eater."

"After all, this name is still domineering, hahaha." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Soul Eater..." Xiao Yan was slightly taken aback when he heard the words. The strength of the guy in front of him could be vaguely guessed. The domain master of one of the three domains of the ghost realm, the real peak powerhouse of the ghost realm, might be indescribable.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Four-star fighting immortal... even higher!

"Okay..." Xiao Yan wanted to refuse, but after hearing the firm tone of Soul Eater, he had to agree.

However, it is strange to say that since Xiao Yan knew about the existence of the Soul Eater, every time the Soul Eater appeared, he would completely cover his figure with a mass of ghostly energy, so even Xiao Yan would not I don't know the true face of Soul Eater.

"okay."

"Since you successfully devoured the holy flame, then we should leave here," said Soul Eater Zaidu.

"leave here?"

"Where are you going?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Ghost King Ridge."

"Ghost Moon Well." The Soul Eater said lightly, and then dispersed the barrier surrounding the two of them.

"Isn't this the Ghost King Ridge?" When Xiao Yan heard this, he was surprised.

"This is only the outermost part of the ghost world. If you want to slowly step into the core area, I'm afraid you can only wait for you to break through the battle of immortals. Otherwise, even if you are in the ghost world, it will not be as easy as you think."

"And this Ghost Moon Well is a good place." The Lord of Soul Eater said slightly.

"If that's the case, then let's go." Xiao Yan heard the words and felt that the Lord of Soul Eater was right.

And the Master of Soul Eater directly inserted into Xiao Yan's acceptance ring, and Xiao Yan slowly walked towards the depths of the Ghost King Ridge Mountains.

It's just that a shocking scene is being staged in the mountains at this time.

"Hey hey, the little girl looks pretty good, why don't you come with my brother and I, make sure you eat spicy food." At this time, halfway up the mountain in Guiwangling, three men in feather robes were stationed at the The three people beside the creek were surrounded.

"asshole……"

"It's actually a member of the Yu family."

"Miss, hurry up, we will stop them." Looking at this appearance, the two men directly protected the beautiful figure in front of them, and did not forget to say.

"Big brother went out to investigate the terrain, and I haven't come back yet. I didn't expect the Yu family to get the Ghost Moon Well so fast..." At this moment, this Qianying's eyebrows stood upright, and she thought slightly.

Obviously, the current form is three-on-three, but he felt a terrifying fluctuation from the three guys in front of him.

The three of them are already rank seven or even eighth rank nine-star fighting emperors. To make them feel this way, I am afraid that the three Yu family guys in front of them are definitely not low in strength!

The three people wearing feather-character robes belonged to the Yu family, and the Qing family and the Kumu family were also called the three major families of the Ghost King City. They fought openly and secretly with each other.

"Boss, why are you talking nonsense with them!"

"The owner of the family has already explained before going out, and they will be captured directly. If you capture the young lady and the young master of the Qing family, there will be a big reward." The man said slightly.

"Deal with it, boss."

"And the head of the family only said that he would be caught alive. As for what you did, I'm afraid no one would know..." Another figure also whispered in the ear of the chief.

"Dirty." Even if Qing'er didn't have to listen deliberately, she could feel a very light and dirty tone in the eyes of these three people.

"You two, deal with the two guys next to you, and leave this stunner to me."

"Do it."

"Give me a hold on Qing'er before they come back!" The leader stared at Qing'er's delicate body, then licked his tongue and said directly.

"Miss, let's go!" The other two Qing's subordinates who were responsible for protecting Qing'er also shouted when they saw this.

"I'm afraid it's too late."

"Challenge." And Qing'er looked at the three men of the Yu family, and knew that she couldn't leave today, so she turned her eyes and said.

"Don't worry, little beauty."

"With such a thin skin and tender meat, my brother is reluctant to hurt you." But the leader of the Yu family said extremely lewdly.

"Qingtian one finger!" Although Qing'er is only a female class, she is also a genuine rank eight and nine-star Dou Di. Her delicate body is shocked, and a hundred-zhang finger with black and **** of life and death emerges directly from her fingertips. Then he went to the head of the Yu family.

"Shabu Shabu!" The terrifying finger of life and death, like a fierce attack, went directly at the leader.

At first, the leader only thought about how to do something lewd and frivolous, but he was completely unaware of Qing'er's terrifying blow.

"Whoosh whoosh!" The power of life and death of black and white pointed at the leader, and the leader's forehead was slightly tilted, and the fierce attack was temporarily avoided.

Even so, that stern aura would kill the leader of the Yu family with a few pieces of hair. If the leader of the Yu family was a little slower, he would be seriously injured by this blow in an instantLittle beauty, look Not very strong character. "

"But... my brother likes it." And as the leader of the Yu family finished word by word, an incomparably tyrannical aura emanated from this stream.

That kind of power, the power of black and white life and death perfectly blends, and even among the power of black and white, there is a rather mysterious power.

"Is that... the smell of fighting immortals?"

"This guy...is a Fighting Immortal powerhouse?" And when Qing'er felt this tyrannical aura, her whole body was shocked!

She is all too aware of the gap between Dou Xian and Dou Di.

"Little beauty, let's capture it." The head of the Yu family finished speaking, with a sinister smile on the corner of his mouth, and attacked Qinger directly. The palm of his hand suddenly shot out. Attacked at Qing'er.

"Miss!" Looking at this scene, the other two guards of the Qing family couldn't help but shout, but they were all entangled by the people of the Yu family and couldn't get away for the time being.

"Damn...the body doesn't obey..." But Qinger just wanted to run away, but her speed became slow, and the head of the Yu family was hungry and attacked, and she came to her in a blink of an eye.

"Three big men, bullying a little girl?"

"I don't know how to be ashamed?" And just when Qing'er frowned and wanted to do something, the terrifying attack of the head of the Yu family was instantly broken by a black shadow, and a arrogant laughter also echoed in the In this mountainside creek.