Chapter Vol 4 2077: 2 mortal enemies who took advantage of it!

The latest website: In the sky, countless silver filaments of light slowly fall, and the silver thunderclouds continue to overflow with a seemingly weak arc of thunder. In fact, this arc of thunder contains a terrifying force that can be learned from the world. It was just born. It is to bathe directly on the beam of light, and go towards the source of the wooden puppet demon, trying to baptize the original power of the wooden puppet demon and prevent its ascension.

After a while, the movement here became more and more intense, and the huge power attracted the attention of almost all the powerhouses, causing an uproar in the entire Medicine Valley Mountains. Attention of entrants and contestants.

"This thundercloud is quite strange. It doesn't seem to be a Dan Lei. It contains an irresistible coercion of heaven and earth... A beam of light of this level?"

"Wait, could this be?" Outside the altar mountain, although countless powerhouses could not see the traces of Xiao Yan, they saw the traces of other powerhouses from other crystal prisms. A beam of light emerged from the sky, and countless birds and beasts roared and roared on the entire mountain range. Many of them were envious. They noticed something and couldn't help saying.

"This kind of scenery... seems to be a spiritual ascension?" Instantly, the beautiful eyes of the medicine cloud turned around. It seemed that the situation in front of him was very consistent with some situations in the ancient book, so he insisted.

"I didn't expect to see the ascension of supernatural beings here. This grand ceremony is really interesting." Lei Qianren, the elder of the Thunder Clan beside him, said curiously.

"This guy seems a bit like the wooden puppet demon I met a thousand years ago?"

"But isn't that guy still a thousand years away from the ascension period... It's really strange." Yao Wan Wan became suspicious for a while.

In order to ensure the progress of this grand ceremony, whether it is the quantity of medicinal materials recorded in the prescription, the storage location or the guardian beasts in the medicine valley, they all go through their specific arrangements.

Is this thought or something slipped through the net?

what's the problem?

...

At this moment, in the majestic mountain range of Medicine Valley, countless magical beasts roared loudly. Their fiery gazes emerged from the dark, revealing a deep yearning invisibly. energy, and once it ascends to the demon world, it has a great advantage for them.

Xiao Yan stood guarding beside the Tongtian Light Pillar, watching its source light group slowly rise, but he felt a little calm in his heart, but Xiao Yan's huge soul force noticed that some unscrupulous people were hiding in the dark and staring at him, and he immediately stopped. Not daring to take it lightly, he was still vigilant.

"Boom!" After the blink of an eye, two dazzling beams of light flashed out from the depths of the mountain like lightning. The beams of light contained an extremely tyrannical evil spirit, and they carried an overwhelming force, breaking through Xiao Yan in an instant. The defense, facing the soaring beam of light to the sky!

The sky-penetrating beam of light descended by the silver thundercloud is the last link in the ascension, and it is also the most important step. If it is destroyed by others, I am afraid that everything will fall short.

"Not good!" At this moment, the source of the wooden puppet demon spirit, who had risen to the center of the beam of light, suddenly changed his face, as if he was facing a great enemy.

"Oh... it's really troublesome."

"But since we have this kind of fate, let me help you to the end this time."

"Although we humans have made a lot of mistakes in our endless exploration of nature, as well as indiscriminately killing innocent creatures, we have done a lot of wrong things, but in this world, there is nothing we can do about the weak." 2020

"After you go to the demon world, you can enjoy yourself." Xiao Yan smiled softly, and immediately stepped out. The dazzling holy flames formed a splendid scenery like a rose, illuminating most of the sky, and a more dazzling and surging power slowed down. Born slowly!

With Xiao Yan's keen sense of smell, he has already sensed that several tyrannical forces are rapidly approaching here. This kind of power is obviously not possessed by the contestants, but more like the tyrannical monsters living in the mountains. The defensive light group, the power contained in it is more powerful, so this is the reason.

When the supernatural transcends the calamity and ascends, the transcendence has to bear the baptism of the ascension catastrophe, so no matter how tyrannical his strength was in his lifetime, when transcending the calamity, he is like a puppet that has no power to fight back, and can only be at the mercy of others. , so now is the time when the wooden puppet demon is the weakest.

"Wood puppet demon, we are also considered to be the turn of the millennium. It's a little immoral for you to sneak up on your own like this."

"Yes, yes, we are both magical beasts in the Medicine Valley Mountains. Naturally, we have both blessings and difficulties." The two light groups also flashed a gloomy chill, a dark red, a yellowish yellow, and appeared directly. Around the wooden puppet demon in the beam of light, you opened your mouth and said, and the monstrous killing intent in your voice was hard to contain.

"What nonsense!"

"You two shameless bastards!" Hearing the voice in the two light groups, the wooden puppet demon couldn't help roaring, and the roar fell from the sky to the world, and the sound of its anger echoed throughout the mountain range. .

"Let's do it, I'm afraid there will be a change in the late."

"Since you don't listen, then use your origin to serve us this time."

"It's too whimsical to want to ascend to the demon world!" The voice fell, and the two groups of light dissipated, revealing their true colors!

The powerhouse of the World of Warcraft, the Earth Rock Bear, and the Three-Tailed Demon Fox!

Looking up, I saw that the Earth Rock Bear looked like a middle-aged man, staring at the wooden puppet demon with sharp eyes, but with a thick layer of rock armor all over his body, an extremely terrifying force emerged.

The three-tailed demon fox on the side is like a shrewd human man, but behind him there are three extremely strange tails swaying slowly, and it is full of mysterious power!

After looking at the strength of the two is actually in the middle stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal at the same time. I am afraid that with the combination of the two, the ordinary powerhouses in the late stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal can have some strength in a battle!

"Do it!" The eyes of the two are not good, and the greed in their eyes is undoubtedly displayed. After the breath, a burst of surging energy erupted from their bodies at the same time, and when they reached out, they turned into a dazzling energy training, and shot them away!

"Weng Om!" The second attack, which contained the power of collapsing mountains and shattering the earth, went towards the beam of light, trying to destroy the beam of light and **** the origin of the wooden puppet demon.

"It's not a good thing to destroy the supernatural ascension."

"Let me come and meet you." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan stretched out his hand and waved heavily. The second attack was quietly evaporated by a terrifying high temperature, but his body roared violently like a moving active volcano. A scorching blazing glow swept across the entire sky, turning the radius of kilometer into a real molten world in an instant!

"This is... the fire of holy flame?" At this moment, whether it was the two powerhouses of beasts or the many powerhouses onlookers in the altar mountain outside, they looked at Xiao Yan in astonishment, and a shocking wave broke out in their hearts!