Chapter Vol 4 1860: Holy See movement!

"Buzz!" Xiao Yan didn't stop, the dazzling soul power in the body went towards the spiritual palace in the body.

"Pfft!" Following Xiao Yan's actions, the nine-layered spiritual palace in Xiao Yan's body shook violently. Immediately, an indescribable feeling of comfort swept through Xiao Yan's body, as if being washed by extremely pure water. Dirt in the body.

"Fourth floor?" After the restlessness calmed down, Xiao Yan calmed down, peeled off the layers of evil mist that shrouded the spiritual palace, and said in surprise.

The fourth floor of the ninth-floor spiritual palace!

Not the third floor!

The casting of the spiritual palace was cast when the soul power broke through to the fairyland. From one to nine, the first layer of the spiritual palace was the weakest, and the ninth layer was the strongest.

It can be said unceremoniously that from the time the Spirit Palace was cast, it has already symbolized the limit of the soul's power. There are very few people like Xiao Yan who can cast a nine-layer Spirit Palace.

Nine layers of spiritual palaces, each layer represents a realm, and they correspond one by one.

The first to third floors correspond to the back of the fairyland, the early, middle and late stages of the "Taixu" level, the fourth to sixth floors correspond to the early, middle and late stages of "Huayuan", and the seventh to ninth floors represent the power of the soul The pinnacle of "Spiritual Travel", small success, great success and even the three realms of perfection.

Throughout the ages, countless geniuses and heroes have emerged in the great world, but no one can step into the "God" realm that countless people dream of. The powerhouses of reincarnation are only "Yuan Yuan". Now Xiao Yan's strength is only in the middle stage of Six Star Fighting Immortals, and his soul power has reached the early stage of "Hua Yuan". This is a great surprise to Xiao Yan.

Because in addition to being able to perform special fighting skills such as the illusion and pupil technique, the soul power is also related to Xiao Yan himself.

Alchemist.

"The pharmacist really fell too far." He opened his eyes contentedly, and Xiao Yan smiled bitterly.

There was no way, I ran around all the way along the way, and various relics emerged one after another, which led to the fall of the refining technology. It seems that I have to find a time to make up for it.

"The soul power has stepped into the 'Hua Yuan'. Today, I am afraid that I will not be too much in the face of Seven Stars. If I become a demon, I am afraid that under the reincarnation, I will be invincible."

"It's just that this demon's power is too evil and cold, and in addition to killing Mekal, I'm afraid it will be a revenge with the Holy See in the future. After getting the Immortal Flame, we should leave as soon as possible and go to the demon world first." Xiao Yan thought to himself. Analyze slowly.

Today's Xiao Yan, the mid-term strength of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal, plus the physical strength after being improved by the power of the devil, is probably no less than the powerhouse of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal. With all the means in his hand, he can also provoke the main force.

But what surprised Xiao Yan was the swallowing technique.

In the middle stage of his Six-Star Fighting Immortal, he was using the swallowing flame technique, but he could no longer perform this technique perfectly. The skyrocketing power could not break through the Six-Star Fighting Immortal. There is no way to repair the incomplete swallowing inflammation technique completely.

As for the Devil's Cube, Xiao Yan wrapped dozens of layers inside and out with holy flames and placed it quietly beside the Spirit Palace. If he wanted to demonize it in the future, if he couldn't fill the Devil's Cube with energy, I am afraid that he will be met with extremely terrifying backlash, but Xiao Yan also has a limited understanding of how to fill the Rubik's Cube.

In the outside world, Tianxing Continent is still running slowly at its speed.

Thousands of miles away, thousands of miles in the clouds.

"Archangel, the holy card of the roving angel Mekal has just been completely broken, and there is no breath or power left..." At this time, two shadows appeared in a closed secret room, and behind one of them a pair of white His wings were gently fanned, and he whispered.

"Mekar?"

"Isn't she assigned to be in charge of the order of the Dou Di Sifang Continent after being personally blessed by the Archangel?"

"What's going on?" Another woman heard the words, and a golden flame suddenly appeared on her delicate face, angry and yet elegant.

"I... subordinates don't know, but a dimensional image was sent back before the fall. Do you need to report to the Queen of Angels?" The female bodyguard said cautiously.

Two pairs of angel wings, four-winged angel!

In front of this beautiful woman, even in the kingdom of angels, her status is a high-level existence.

"No need, now the Archangel people are helping Her Lady Queen to realize the divine light and pray for the resurrection soul to come. Just leave these little things to me."

"In the name of my angel team leader, I will give the Holy See of Douyun Continent a splendid splendor and let them handle this matter cleanly."

"But the devil's breath has surpassed Mekal, and that kind of breath has never appeared in our records. I suspect that it is the new king who has just been born among the aliens..."

"Excuting an order!"

"..."

In the kingdom of angels, the white brilliance shone on every inch of the land, and it became quiet here.

On the other side, Douyun Continent, in the church.

The church is the core of the Holy See in Douyun Continent. The entire church is stacked on top of each other, with a height of several thousand meters. There is even a mysterious angel's eye on the top of the church. Enter the kingdom of angels.

At this time, in a gorgeous and luxurious house near the top of the church, several figures frowned, and the red robes on their bodies showed their status, but the breath revealed invisibly was as unattainable as mountains. .

The most powerful and powerful people in the Holy See, the three red-clothed archbishops!

Next to the three red-clothed archbishops, there are three others, all of them are young people, with a very strong light element around them, obviously not low in the Holy See, one woman and two men, they stand in the three red-clothed archbishops respectively. around.

"Teacher..." At this time, the woman in the field whispered.

"Liu Qing, tell me." The only old woman who was one of the three red-clothed archbishops looked at the woman beside her with beautiful eyes and said softly.

"Yep."

"Seniors, the roving angel Mekal was originally just a high-ranking member of our Holy See, but because of his mastery of space and light, he was personally blessed by the powerful angels in the kingdom of angels to obtain angel wings, and thus assigned to maintain the order of our Doudi Continent."

"Now that Mekal has completely fallen, his body and spirit are completely destroyed, and the kingdom of angels is furious. We have issued the highest order order to find the murderer as soon as possible." Liu Qing also spoke softly, but there was an irresistible voice in his voice. Holy voice.

"Well, I've heard about this too, it's quite serious."

"Liu Hao As the Son of Light of the Holy See, do you have the confidence to complete it?"

"If you succeed in solving this matter, I will speak in person and ask His Majesty the Pope and the two priests to pray for you and build a road of reincarnation with angel wings." At this time, the last of the three red-clothed archbishops spoke.

"The disciple takes orders." The man known as the Son of Light couldn't help laughing when he heard this.

"Okay, then I'll leave this to you."

"Go back." The old woman said lazily, waving her hand.

"En." The other two red-clothed archbishops heard the words and went back with their disciples behind them.

"Teacher, Liu Hao is my younger brother. I know his character too well. If this matter is left to him, I'm afraid..." After a while of silence in the house, Liu Qing still said.

"Let him go. Since Bishop Lacey names himself, then let him make his arrangements."

"It's time for you to inherit the power of an angel that belongs to you." The old woman smiled.

"Forget it, leave it to my brother." After Liu Qing finished speaking, he also left here on his own.

"Although the Son of Light is talented, he is too rigid. He actually wants to use the power of the Holy See for the sake of the ancient women. In the future, the banner of the Holy See will fall on your head sooner or later, don't worry."

"After all, this is not something I can feel alone, but the will of an angel." The old woman's distant voice was like a Sanskrit sound, slowly spreading out, receding the countless black lights around her body, and a radiance as white as jade, slowly Slowly rippling.

That kind of power is not only about reincarnation, but how heavy it is to step into reincarnation is still unknown.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.