Chapter Vol 4 947: The Golden Dragon King who does not follow the conventional path

"Ancestor, don't be afraid, this is my uncle, the Golden Dragon King." Xiao Yan explained with a smile when he saw the Golden Dragon King suddenly speak out.

Xiao Xuan heard the words, nodded slightly, and could see that Xiao Yan had a good relationship with this old man.

"Do you know the ancient emperor Tuoshe?" The Golden Dragon King just came to the two of them, and immediately said to Xiao Xuan, his tone was quite calm, without any hint of arrogance.

If it weren't for this Xiao Xuan, who is also a member of the Xiao family, I am afraid that the Golden Dragon King would not be lazy. After all, the Golden Dragon King also has his pride.

"Emperor Tuoshe is a member of the ancient clan, and he is also the last Dou Emperor on Dou Qi Road." Xiao Xuan recalled.

"I can be regarded as a life-and-death friend with Emperor Tuoshe, so you call me the Golden Dragon King."

"Your human name is really troublesome." After the Golden Dragon King finished speaking, he did not forget to complain.

"Senior Golden Dragon King." When Xiao Xuan heard the words, he also bowed and saluted.

"What you just said is not wrong."

"The strong people of your Xiao clan on the Dou Di Continent should be sealed, and even the power of the bloodline has been sealed, so the Dou Di bloodline in your body will suddenly drop."

"But for the sake of my good relationship with you Xiao Clan, I can tell you that there are probably no more than ten people in this Great Thousand World who dare to seal the entire Xiao Clan, and these ten people are all the most peaked in this Great Thousand World. Exist." said the Golden Dragon King.

"This..." Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan heard a hint of doubt in their pupils.

"No matter how powerful those people are, the blood of the clansmen is connected, and I will solve this problem one day." Xiao Yan clenched his fists and said slightly bitterly.

"But you don't have to worry too much. The Xiao family's allies and connections in the entire Daqian world are beyond your imagination. Maybe in the future you will come into contact with a certain level of strength, but now you are too weak, and you are still too weak. It's far from the time to contact these contacts." The Golden Dragon King Zaidu said.

"Uncle, what's wrong..." Xiao Yan was a little surprised.

Xiao Yan knew that his uncle, the Golden Dragon King, must know some secrets that he did not know, and he did not tell him for a long time, but why did he suddenly say so much after his ancestor Xiao Xuan was resurrected?

Some bad premonitions appeared in Xiao Yan's heart.

"I've been taught." Listening to the Golden Dragon King continuing to speak, Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan did not interrupt and let him speak.

The appointment lasted for several hours before the Golden Dragon King finished speaking slowly.

"It turns out that there are so many obscure things..." Xiao Xuan nodded. Through the conversation just now, he also gained a new understanding of the Golden Dragon King and this great world.

"Little Yanzi, I..."

"It's time to go." After a while, the Golden Dragon King said in a deep voice.

"Uncle Shi, where are you going?" Xiao Yan couldn't help saying.

"I sensed that one of your Xiao clan members was being hunted and killed, and I had to go and save him." The Golden Dragon King said.

"Where?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but light up when he heard the words.

The people of the Xiao clan on the Dou Di Continent probably know a lot.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's on the edge of Xuantiantian," said the Golden Dragon King.

"Don't worry, I will take you with me this time." The Golden Dragon King said without hiding.

"But before that, let the disciples refine your body for you." Xiao Yan felt a little reluctant, but he also knew that the Golden Dragon King had other things to deal with, and he was far from reaching that point. Wandering around by oneself is probably not good for oneself.

"Refining the body..." The Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Xuan who was beside him, and couldn't help but have a look of doubt.

"Uncle Master?" The Golden Dragon King's hesitation was naturally discovered by Xiao Yan.

"As a dragon clan, I'm a little bit different from you humans." The Golden Dragon King thought for a while, but he still said, not for anything else, but for Xiao Yan's heart.

"Ah?" After the Golden Dragon King said this, Xiao Yan seemed to remember something.

Dragon gave birth to nine sons, each of which is different.

In all kinds of legends, the Golden Dragon King inherited the purest bloodline of the Dragon God, and is also the existence closest to the Dragon God in strength!

The Golden Dragon King is known for his strength and arrogance.

"I am the Golden Dragon King, and I have extreme power and physical skills, so this method of resurrection from your humans is probably useless to me." The Golden Dragon King smiled.

Although the resurrection method of normal human beings is also feasible, the Golden Dragon King is obviously not like this.

"How could I forget this..." Xiao Yan immediately patted his head and scolded himself secretly when he heard this.

The Golden Dragon King is the king of the dragon clan. If he were to be resurrected by the normal human resurrection method, his strength would be greatly reduced, and it would also affect his talents in the future.

The Golden Dragon King is known for his extreme strength and physical skills. If he were to be resurrected like this, his strength would be greatly reduced.

"Don't worry, with this trace of soul power, as long as I get something, I will naturally re-condense my body." The Golden Dragon King seemed to see Xiao Yan's worry and immediately spoke.

"What?" Xiao Yan asked immediately after hearing the Golden Dragon King's voice.

"These things are the people who rescued the Xiao family this time. I will leave you to get them back."

"And these things involve too much scope for you now..." The Golden Dragon King said slightly.

"Uncle, don't worry, I know." Although Xiao Yan said so, but his heart was more or less uncomfortable.

"You boy don't be discouraged."

"Your talent, even the ancient emperor Tuoshe can't match."

"I have a hunch that the next time we see each other, your kid will definitely surprise me." The Golden Dragon King smiled.

"Uncle, our seniors of the Xiao clan and the master of the ancient emperor Tuoshe should not have perished..." Xiao Yan asked tentatively.

"No." The Golden Dragon King hesitated for a while, but still said.

"That's good."

"Before the next world war comes, I will work hard to cultivate, and at the same time, I will try my best to kill the evil people outside the territory." Xiao Yan still decided to say, although he didn't know how huge that day was, but he could do his best to do his best. Strength is also good.

"Yep."

"But this time, to save the Xiao people, we still need you to go with us."

"If necessary, I may also borrow you."

"And after I rescue the Xiao people, I will leave here and bring your ancestors with me," said the Golden Dragon King.

"no problem!"

"By the way, uncle, you can accept the mother of the fairy bodhi tree." Xiao Yan agreed, and then threw the mother of the fairy bodhi tree directly at the Golden Dragon King.

"En." The Golden Dragon King didn't hesitate, he directly accepted the mother of the fairy bodhi tree, and then looked at Xiao Yan and smiled with satisfaction.

Separation is for a better reunion, and Xiao Yan seems to know that his uncle's departure this time seems to be doing something earth-shattering.