Chapter 500: 0 ghosts!

"Domain?" The scarlet pupils in the black mist flashed a dignified taste, and then the scarlet pupils suddenly became gloomy, and a chill emerged from the black mist!

Because of the powerful perception, Hei Wu can know that although it is in this Thunder Field Array, the space in this Thunder Field Array has not been completely closed, but when another silver-white force appeared on Zhu Jin's body When the time came, the black fog clearly felt that the space of this thunder field array was directly isolated!

It felt as if the two were imprisoned in a duel arena, and only the victor could go out!

Just now, when that old Zhu faced his soul-piercing thorn with a fatal blow, a touch of silver-white power erupted from his body. The moment the silver-white power just appeared, the black mist in the distance could not help but tremble slightly!

Among the silver-white power, the power that is completely different from the power of thunder around Zhujin seems to have some fluctuations like a domain!

Because since the appearance of the white power, Hei Wu felt that in this thunder field array, the countless thunder and lightning that had been extremely violent had quieted down, and the space in the thunder field array was even more repulsive to him. There is a faint momentum of being repelled and swallowed by the power of this thunder!

"This time, is it enough?" Zhu Jin immediately laughed when he heard the words, all the thunder around his body was strung into his body, and then a silvery white luster appeared on Zhu Jin's skin, which looked quite for strange.

"What kind of power is this!" There was a burst of anger in the black mist, and then those scarlet eyes stared at Zhu Jin.

At this time, Zhu Jin suddenly moved the offensive in his hand, and the three chains that erupted from the strange black mist were instantly eroded by a trace of black energy!

At this time, the strange black energy above the three chains has been slowly wrapped by Zhu Jin with the silver-white power that is different from the past.

This silver-white power surrounded the strange black qi, and then floated on Zhu Lao's chest, a smell of fear emerged from the black qi!

"What kind of power is that..." Since Shefu above the desert joined the battle, the pressure on Nu Dong has increased greatly, and he immediately scolded the soul clan, but he could only support it with gritted teeth.

"Is it a realm?" Mobal stopped the offensive in his hand, and his pupils suddenly looked at the thunder field array in the sky.

In the Thunder Field Array, Zhu Jin's body was surrounded by silver-white power, and the strange black energy in front of his chest was compressed at an extreme speed, and the compressed volume was reduced a lot in a short time.

"field?"

"It's a little different. The real domain is like a bamboo ember's formation with a radius of dozens of miles. How can there be only one body range..." The Snake King also said.

"The realm... it seems to be true, but this bamboo ember's realm has not really taken shape yet!"

"But it's enough to deal with this mysterious man!" Shefu glanced at the two of them, and then said with joy.

"Isn't the realm only possible for some real fighting immortals? How can this half-immortal strength in the bamboo ash area be possessed... Although his realm is not complete, it is also a real realm." Mobar shook Shaking his head, there was a dignified flash in the snake pupil.

The power of the domain, Mobar is very clear!

Fighting against others in one's own domain, the superposition of one's own and the weakening of the enemy's power, is undoubtedly the most terrifying!

"The realm... Could it be this Zhu Jin and that Yan Chi..." Shefu just spoke, but she fell silent, because she knew that this had always been a major concern for Zhu Jin.

"What?" Mobal immediately discovered the abnormality of Shefu and spoke immediately.

"It's nothing, let's subdue these Nudong people first. Once Zhujin has any fluctuations, we will immediately take action!" After Shefu finished speaking, his figure exploded and attacked Nudong directly against the surging breath.

"There are quite a lot of secrets in this Zhujin." Mobal glanced at Zhujin in the sky, and then threw himself into the fight with Nu Dong and the others.

Seeing this, Ang Dong could only support him, and then pin his hopes on the people of the Soul Clan.

"It really does have a taste of the realm, but your realm is only a prototype now, so it's nothing!" Heiwu said in a deep voice, but there was obviously no disdain in his voice. face.

"Yes or no, try it and you'll know."

"Among my minefield formations, you are the first one who can force me to unleash the power of the domain." Elder Zhu said lightly.

"Oh?"

"Yes?"

"So honored, you are also the first human being who can see my true power!"

"Susu!" Eerie and eerie laughter emerged from the black fog, and then the eerie black fog split apart instantly, turning into countless tiny black qi!

At first, the black air masses had different shapes. The next moment, the split black air masses trembled suddenly, and then in front of Zhu Jin, they quickly condensed into hideous faces!

On the black face, apart from a pair of extremely scarlet and demonic eyes, there is nothing else, but above the grimace, a terrifying and strange aura emerges.

"This is……"

"Thousand-faced ghosts!" Zhu Jin's pupils shrank suddenly at the next moment A surprised voice sounded like a thundering thunder in the Thunder Field Array!

Thousand-faced ghost, this is a powerful man with a great reputation in the ghost world!

It is rumored that the thousand-year-old ghost is only a half-immortal, but in the ghost world, even the other ghosts respect the thousand-faced ghost. It is said that the thousand-faced ghost controls some of the ghosts in the ghost world. Secret, and the whereabouts of this thousand-faced ghost are extremely mysterious, and few people can find it.

According to the rumors of Xuan Santian, this thousand-faced ghost has really killed a Fighting Immortal powerhouse!

That's why Zhu Jin is so solemn.

"Thousand-faced ghosts have always had a high status in the ghost world, and we, Xuan Santian, have always had a saying that has been passed down through the ages."

"Thousand-faced ghosts appear, and the ghost world reappears!" Elder Zhu said vaguely.

"I didn't expect you to be a thousand-faced ghost?" Elder Zhu said after thinking for a while.

"Susu... Zhu Jin, I have already heard of your reputation as the first battle formation master in Xuantian Santian."

"Seeing you today, it really lives up to its reputation!" There were thousands of voices at the same time.

"Why did you come today?" Zhu Jin also knew the horror of this thousand-faced ghost, and immediately did not press on.

"I came here today just to subdue this Medusa clan, or to prove something, I don't know which one you believe in." Countless grimace said.

"I have a deep relationship with the Medusa clan...let's fight." Zhu Jin heard the words, and immediately only wanted the purpose of this thousand-year-old ghost, and his aura suddenly skyrocketed!

"Susu...Then let me experience the prestige of Xuantian's first battle formation master!" Thousand-faced ghosts finished speaking, and thousands of ghost-faces exuded strange smiles at the same time. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: