Chapter 424: Hidden murder!

"However, before you go to practice, you must participate in tonight's action."

"One is to see your teamwork, and the other is to compete for these important things this time, whether it's Huo Qidan or Luding Sanhuatong..."

"Leave Xuanling City in a while, you all go directly to that forest, and I will go to other places!"

"No matter what the result is, when you go this time, go straight to the desert to practice, and then return to the Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Remember, life is important." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he moved his fingers slightly, and then looked straight ahead. The next moment, a few dark clothes appeared on the palm of his hand. Without hesitation, Zhu Lao picked it up and put it on his body. up, covering the whole body.

When Xiao Yan and the others heard the words, they acted accordingly.

At this time, the strength of Xiao Yan's five-member team is also quite terrifying!

Xiao Yan, the four-star Dou Di Perfection level!

Mu Feng, the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di!

Mu Yingying, the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor!

Green Flute, the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Di!

Xiao Yi, the Seven Star Dou Emperor is complete!

As for Xiao Yi's strength, apart from Xiao Yan, the other three didn't feel any surprise. After all, when they participated in the points grabbing competition, they were very clear about Xiao Yi's strength.

"Let's go!" Seeing that everyone was ready, Zhu Lao immediately hid his figure and walked out of Xuanling City.

The group of six also gradually hid in the darkness, but Green Flute's lips moved slightly, as if worried about something.

Outside Xuanling City, inside the Xuanling Imperial House, there are as many as eleven people!

These eleven people who exist are undoubtedly extremely terrifying!

Even the men in black who encircled and suppressed Xiao Yan in the Nine-Fish Opera Dragon Formation were there, including King Xuanling.

"This time, only success is allowed, not failure!" King Xuanling stared into the distance and muttered.

"But... that Furnace Ding San Huatong aside, that Fire Qi Dan is..." An old man among them said quite reluctantly, the effect of this Fire Qi Dan is extremely terrifying. Others have to go, too...

"Susu...If the fire qidan is really as magical as a teleportation, how could that person be willing to auction it." King Xuanling also laughed, obviously as the ruler of the royal family of Xuanling, he These things have already been figured out.

"In that case, let's go."

"The snake people in the depths of the lonely desert of death have not fought against their strong men for a long time." The old man in the first place also had white hair, and then slowly spoke, with an undisguised confidence in his voice!

"Let's go!" The Xuanling King heard the words, and also clicked the point. If this operation did not have the support of the head of the Dragon-loving Legion in front of him, I am afraid it would be extremely difficult to succeed!

As soon as the words fell, a group of eleven people also slowly stood on top of a teleportation formation, and then quietly left the interior of Xuanling Imperial Palace. When Du appeared, they were already outside Xuanling City.

"Set off!"

"Target, the temple in the depths of the lonely desert of death!" King Xuanling said, and then opened the way directly ahead.

With the disappearance of the eleven people in this group, another battle outside Xuanling City was about to start.

Outside Xuanling City, there is a large area of ​​virgin forests, grasses and lakes.

"Master, will the people of the Poison Sect really leave here overnight..."

"It's really not wise to be so blatant." Above a towering tree, two dark figures appeared slowly.

The auras of the two are extremely hidden, and if you don't observe them carefully, it may be extremely difficult to find them.

Both of them are from the Ten Thousand Poison Religion from the wild land. They are Poison Fang, the godson of the Ten Thousand Poison Religion, a six-star fighting emperor level character. An eight-star fighting emperor level powerhouse!

"not sure……"

"However, the two little dolls of the Poison Sect have photographed such important things, so they must find ways to leave the Xuanling royal family, so the sooner the better... And I seem to have other news that these two little dolls have already Send the news back to the Poison Sect, and if the old monster from the Poison Sect arrives..." The old poisonous monster's voice was extremely strange, and there seemed to be something squirming in the skin all over his body, which was very disgusting.

"damn it!"

"I really don't know what the astronomical price was paid by the people of this Poison Sect, but they would actually shoot this Fire Qidan!" Poison Fang also snorted coldly, and then glanced at the woman behind him.

At this time, the woman behind him is the three flower pupils of the Furnace Cauldron bought by the Wanpo Sect at this auction!

At this time, the little girl has already fallen asleep, but her fangs are clear. In the future, if this cauldron grows up, the identity and status of this little girl will undergo earth-shaking changes... But in the end... it is inevitable to enter in your own mouth.

After thinking about it, Fang Fang laughed, as if everything was in his own calculations.

"Be careful, someone is coming." Seemingly aware of Poison Fang's strange smile, the poisonous old monster also whispered.

After all, this fang is the son of the leader of the Ten Thousand Poison Sect, and even if he has many dissatisfaction with him, he can only protect his safety.

"Well?" Hearing this, Fang Fang lowered his head slightly, and then looked at the person under the towering tree.

It was a young woman with very light footsteps, as if she was afraid of making a sound, turning her head from time to time to observe the surroundings, but her expression was flustered.

"Is this the person from the Poison Sect?" In another place, under a huge rock, five dark figures also inhabited here!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Taking a closer look, these five people are Xiao Yan's five people!

Xiao Yan and Zhu Lao also separated when they left the Xuanling City. After separation, Xiao Yan and a few people slowly used their soul power to isolate all the forces of exploration, and then slowly lurked in this forest. middle.

"This is..." Hearing the words, Xiao Yan also cast his gaze slowly, but now Xiao Yan did not rashly use his soul power or spiritual power, because he didn't know some of the methods of this Poison Sect woman, so he used it rashly. Possibly stunned.

"Why does this woman give me an illusory feeling... It seems that the fighting spirit in this woman is not quite right." Xiao Yan also said slightly.

"Could it be that it was because of their cultivation of poison attribute fighting qi?" Mu Feng, who was beside him, said softly.

"Poison-type grudge...it won't look like this Green Flute's beautiful eyes wrinkled slightly, and then she said.

"It seems... a bit like the fluctuation of the emperor's soul clone."

"Good guy!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly lit up!

The soul power of the emperor level, except for the alchemist, I am afraid that many powerhouses of the same level are only some soul power of the heaven level!

This woman is definitely not easy!

This is Xiao Yan's first evaluation of this Poison Sect woman!

"Do you want to do it now?" Xiao Yi also said softly, for fear of scaring the snake.

"When I just came in here, I found that besides us, there seems to be some other aura here, so... let's wait for it to happen." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes became funny.

"In that breath, it seems a bit like the smell of the legendary green snake with three flower pupils..." Green Flute said incredulously after sensing it.

"We absolutely cannot let that girl fall into the hands of other bad guys!" Mu Yingying also came in with a flower arrangement.

"Master, there seems to be no one else here!"

"The opportunity is fleeting!"

"Do it!" Poison Fang also said decisively after sensing the surroundings.

"Take this old bone of mine as a coolie again." After the poisonous old monster finished speaking, some black bugs were squirming around, and then disappeared into the tree in an instant. When he appeared the next moment, he also fell in front of the poisonous sect woman!

Ask for tickets!