Chapter 167: The invisible power of high-level pharmacists!

"This is not a place where you can go wild!" The steward said in an angry voice to the man in expensive clothes.

Not to mention who the man in expensive clothes is, but the strength of the five-star Dou Emperor Wang Lao in front of him is not something he can afford, not to mention the second-star emperor alchemist next to him, so he is also in charge. Don't care about the identity of the man who caused trouble.

"Don't you have eyes? Why don't you quickly hand over the things that my master likes, or else..." An attendant behind the man wearing expensive clothes said unaware of the situation.

"Hey, hey, this is how this danfang treats guests, it's really chilling." Xiao Yan also said lightly, and there was no lack of sourness in his words.

"Adult calm down, I will give you a satisfactory explanation." The steward also said sweatingly, this seemingly weak scholar at such a young age is an alchemist who can advance to the second star of the emperor rank, so the forces behind him are only It can be described as horror, if you anger such a big man, then your end will be very miserable.

"Are you two going to be private or should we settle it?"

"We made trouble in our alchemy workshop, but we chose the wrong place." The steward also snorted coldly. It's not good for these two to provoke them, but they want to provoke a high-level pharmacist.

"Shut up for me!" The man in expensive clothes also glanced viciously at the entourage behind him, then clasped his fists respectfully towards Xiao Yan and said, "In Xingle, we have eyes but don't know Mount Tai, and we still hope to practice Don't worry about it, Master Yakushi, please accept it with a smile."

After speaking, a card in his hand appeared and handed it to Xiao Yan.

Only the four-star Dou Di card can be used, and looking at the number on the card, there are as many as one million!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Although the amount of one million is not too huge for Xiao Yan and the others, but being able to use one million at will is enough to show that the power behind this man is quite strong.

"Haha, isn't one million too little?"

"And you also know that the most important thing a pharmacist lacks is money." Just when Xiao Yan was about to speak, the old man who was trading with Xiao Yan also said it. Obviously, Xing Le's rudeness just now also angered him. Let Xing Le bleed heavily as a lesson.

"In charge, I'll leave it to you to handle it." Xiao Yan also understood the old man's thoughts, and then cooperated with the performance.

"Yes, my lord." The steward also wanted to arrest Xingle and the two when he heard that.

"Wait a minute!"

"Respected pharmacist, this is a precious medicinal material called "Soul Warming Stone". Wearing it for a long time can increase the wearer's soul power. I think it is quite suitable for a pharmacist like you." Xing Le also spoke out loudly, and then scolded a few words in his heart, "Bastard!"

After all, in the current state, the old man and the high-level pharmacist have clearly reached an agreement. Obviously, he wants Xing Le to bleed heavily, otherwise he would really cause trouble today.

"Oh, then let's forget about it, Your Excellency." Xiao Yan also waved casually, and then the four-pattern Dou Di card and "Soul Warming Stone" were also accepted by Xiao Yan.

The moment Xiao Yan accepted the four-pattern Dou Di card and the "warm soul stone", Xing Le's eyelids also twitched violently, and he was obviously very distressed. It was only a small amount, but he bought this "Soul Warming Stone" after spending nearly 10 million yuan.

"Since that's the case, I would like to thank the Alchemist Master."

"We have to leave beforehand." Xing Le also said, and then his eyes moved slightly, signaling his entourage to follow.

"Hehehe, the old gentleman is really cruel." Xiao Yan also said.

"It's just a lesson for two ignorant people, it's also a lesson for them." The old man laughed.

"Let's go, go back to the second floor and I'll tidy up the soil and then our transaction is complete." The old man also said, after all, the "Void Transformation Pill" in Xiao Yan's hand had already been traded to the old man, so that's why the old man came later. of these actions.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also responded. After all, this is a pill shop. Even Xiao Yan gave the pill to the old man for his reasons. First, it was to gain the trust of the old man. Second, he didn’t worry about any problems with this transaction. After all, since this pill shop can be here A prime location with such a huge flow of people is also enough to show that the energy behind this pill shop is not small, and every person who sells medicinal materials and pills in this consignment must have done a detailed registration, so Xiao Yan is also relieved.

"If that's the case, it's a good deal. If the little brother needs any medicinal materials in the future, just come and find me in this pill shop." The old man also made a deal with Xiao Yan and made a registration.

"What the old man said is very true, I will leave first if I have something to do." Xiao Yan also clasped his fists and said to the old man.

"Well, be careful on the road, maybe the two of them will shoot at you just now." The old man also said with a smile, obviously he was old and sophisticated, and he could clearly see some different tastes in Xing Le's eyes just now.

"Many thanks for the reminder, old gentleman." Xiao Yan also responded, Xiao Yan naturally discovered the little movement in Xing Le's heart just now, but Xiao Yan didn't take the strength of the mere four-star Dou Di in the early stage. After all, people with this price , Xiao Yan can handle it with one hand.

"Go down and check this alchemist named Yanxiao with a second emperor-rank star I'm bleeding a lot, I'll make you pay it back!" 's entourage.

"Master, this emperor-rank two-star pharmacist is not easy to mess with. Before coming out of the family, it was explained that the pharmacist is the most difficult person to mess with. If one is careless..." The entourage was also extremely worried, obviously the big man in the family before going out. He has repeatedly emphasized not to provoke the pharmacist.

"Don't worry, if there is no accident, I will send him to hell..." Xing Le also said with a grim expression, obviously the embarrassment just now made Xing Le quite unhappy.

"As for the case at home, you know how to do it." Xing Le also did not forget to instruct his entourage to prevent him from harming his own good deeds.

"Well, I know." After speaking, he disappeared like a ghost.

"Bastard, I'll just let you have a dance party. I will retrieve the Sanyanhua and Soul Warming Stone unscathed." Xingle also stared at the danfang and said viciously, and after speaking, he disappeared. Street with huge traffic.

When Xiao Yan came out of the danfang, he saw that it was getting late, and he got up and walked towards his residence. At the same time, he was also quite interested in the "warm soul stone" he had just obtained. Inside the ring, there are also extremely gentle forces nourishing Xiao Yan's soul realm.

"Yueru, what's wrong?" Xiao Yan walked to his door and found a figure he thought he was familiar with. He walked in and saw that it was Yueru. He immediately opened his door and invited Yueru to enter.

Ask for a monthly pass for a recommendation!