Chapter 49: The guardian formation in the hall!

The complexity of this ruin was far beyond Xiao Yan's expectations. It was following behind Yue Ru, who had a map. The forest that was circling around, accidentally provoke powerful monsters to attack, but fortunately, this feeling It lasted for about ten minutes, the vision in front of him suddenly widened, and the figure rushed forward for a distance again, and a huge ancient hall finally appeared in the sight of everyone.

The whole body of this hall is in the color of copper gray. The countless years have made this copper gray appear even more profound. The ancient atmosphere permeates from under every stone slab on the hall, making people feel that The vicissitudes of silence for countless years.

Looking at the gray giant hall, Xiao Yan couldn't help but shook his head, and led Yue Ru to slowly drop to the hundred meters away. Since the emperor and strong man would build such a large ruin, he must have hidden it in it. It is also quite rich, and this trip is really worthwhile.

Outside the gray giant hall at the moment, many strong people are coming continuously, but no one is the first to set foot in the 100-meter range. Those who can reach here at this time are either great forces or people with great abilities...

Outside the hall, there are many mysterious runes flashing, looming as if forming a formation!

These people outside the giant hall obviously also discovered the formation, and they are not in a hurry. Xiao Yan was naturally in no hurry. If there were no defensive measures for such a rich treasure, only a fool would believe it.

While Xiao Yan folded his arms and waited in peace, he suddenly noticed that a cold gaze was projected. Immediately, he raised his brows and turned his gaze, and immediately condensed on the place where the cold gaze was projected.

The owner of the cold eyes is a man dressed in gorgeous clothes, with a noble temperament between his eyebrows, which makes ordinary people dare not look directly at him, and his long flowing hair adds a bit of arrogance.

Looking at this rather unfamiliar face, Yueru couldn't help but rub her fingers with Xiao Yan, but she didn't expect to see her here.

"This is the martial arts of Wucheng." Yueru whispered.

"Oh, is it the person who has the most potential to win the great fortune?" Xiao Yan also frowned slightly.

The late Samsung Dou Di! He was actually two levels higher than himself! Don't look at this small second-level, there is still an irreparable gap between the first-level, the gap is very huge, even with Xiao Yan's current strength, it is a little difficult to deal with, Xiao Yan is from this so-called martial arts. There was a sense of danger in his body.

But Xiao Yan was not afraid either, and immediately turned his head to look at the people beside Wu Huan.

At Wu Huan's side, there were many people, including Fengleicheng and his group. At this moment, this group of people obviously found Xiao Yan and the others, and their eyes flashed with a cold color.

If the eldest lady had not been following Xiao Yan all the time, she would never have met that Solomon person, causing the eldest lady to be emotionally unstable now. Obviously, the self-destruction of the strong Solomon should not be underestimated, so they resented Xiao Yan. of.

Xiao Yan's eyes swept across the pedestrian, and then suddenly stopped beside Feng Yi. There, there was a white-haired man with a long body and brocade clothes. This white-haired man looked extremely handsome, with a smiling face, which made It made him look extravagant, and at a glance, he knew that he was not an ordinary person.

"Yi'er, is that the person you mentioned who was suspected of possessing the soul of the emperor?" The white-haired man at this moment also glanced at Xiao Yan and smiled lightly.

"Well, and I can feel that the power of the soul is stronger than mine..." Feng Yi gritted her silver teeth, rather unwilling.

Their Fengleicheng has always been cultivating the fighting spirit of the wind and thunder attributes. In Fengyi's generation, because Fengyi is the only daughter of Fengleicheng, she is loved by the city owner. Fengyi's soul strength has been surprisingly strong since childhood. A powerful ninth-rank pharmacist, so Feng Yi master cultivates soul power, and his fighting spirit is weaker.

After finally coming out of Fenglei City to the ruins, I saw Xiao Yan from the very beginning, so I had a strong interest in Xiao Yan. Even with Feng Yi's soul power, I could feel that Xiao Yan was also an alchemist. And the refining level is definitely not low.

There are only a few pharmacists in Dou Di Continent. In addition, Feng Yi often practiced in Wind and Thunder City and rarely went out. Seeing Xiao Yan, his affection increased greatly, and he wanted to find a suitable opportunity to compete with Xiao Yan! This is what happened before.

"Hehe, is it possible that it is an alchemist of the imperial rank... After this time, if you are lucky, it is not impossible to break through to the alchemist of the imperial rank." The man in white smiled slightly and said softly. .

Feng Yi also nodded slightly, although Xiao Yan vaguely made Feng Yi quite interested, but he was obviously more interested in the creation in the main hall beside him!

"What is that?" Xiao Yan also disapproved, and then turned his eyes away, suddenly his eyes lit up, and then stared at the hundreds of people in the gray giant hall.

Several people who were originally staying outside the main hall could not help but be surprised when they saw this scene.

Someone actually entered the formation in advance?

Hundreds of people in the gray giant hall were bombarded by the sky-filled fire dragon and the black wind with unparalleled power. It was not discovered by Xiao Yan and the others who were outside the formation, because they were desperately resisting the erosion of the formation. After they couldn't resist this formation, they appeared in everyone's sight. It was swallowed in an instant, and not even the soul was left!

The one who rashly entered the formation was led by a strong player in the middle of the Samsung Dou Di, and actually...

This formation is so terrifying, those powerhouses in the middle stage of the Three-Star Dou Di were instantly swallowed up and not even the scum was left!

"This should be a formation, the last protection to guard the hall."

"Huh? Damn it!" The moment Xiao Yan spoke, the power in the formation condensed and attacked him unexpectedly!

A milky white petal fell down, just in front of Xiao Yan, and then let the fire dragon that filled the sky, the black wind bombarded with unparalleled power.

Boom boom boom!

In the sky, the violent spiritual power fluctuated wildly. However, when the fire dragon and the black wind dissipated, everyone's pupils shrank, because the milky white petals protecting Xiao Yan were not damaged. slightest.

"Since everyone is almost gathered, then let's work together to break this formation, fortune depends on strength!" Wu Huan also looked at the number of strong people outside the main hall and said.

Xiao Yan's palm trembled slightly. Even such a subtle attack made him feel an unbearable pain. With so many people present outside the formation, why was this formation only attacking himself?

However, now is not the time for doubt.

Xiao Yan's black eyes were burning, UU reading www. uukanshu.com quietly looked at the powerful formation with fierce flames in the sky not far away. Immediately, his slender fingers shone with milky white rays of light, and he tapped in the air, and the murmured voice spread.

"Yueru, come with me!"

As soon as his voice fell, the huge and strange milky-white petals on his body also brought about the purest wave at this moment, which instantly wrapped Yueru, and then the two roared out of the formation.

The huge milky white light, with a shocking white light, cut through the sky at an extremely astonishing speed, and led Yueru to disappear in front of Wu Huan and the living dead outside the main hall.

The petals of the milky white lotus are slowly rotating, and the petals of the petaled lotus are blooming slowly. The whole world seems to be gradually dimmed at this moment.

That kind of fluctuation is astonishing.

In Wu Huan's blood-red pupils, a tinge of unease flashed at this moment, and he felt a death-like fluctuation from the enchanting milky white lotus.

And he could feel that Xiao Yan seemed to have found a solution to this powerful formation!

"Follow them!" Wu Huan took the lead in turning into a meteor and heading towards the formation!

Afterwards, Feng Yiqian and the others also looked at each other.

"go!"

The living dead also followed slowly.

A charming girl also followed.

"It's fun now."

Afterwards, everyone outside the main hall flew towards the formation, because everyone knew that it was only one step away from the emperor's great fortune!

The flames and the black wind in the formation frantically gathered in its big mouth, and the surrounding air became distorted as a result.

????