Chapter Vol 4 1201: The light system... the Holy See?

Gollum! "The dazzling evil power was extremely dark, like a burst of demons that devoured people, shooting directly at the four people.

Shuiyue and Liu Qing naturally dealt with it easily, but when they wanted to save Yu Xiaoye, it was too late.

The evil power that attacked Xiao Yan was destroyed by the power of fighting immortals on Xiao Yan!

But other than that, Yu Xiaoye was so frightened that she slumped on the ground.

"Do heroes save beauty?"

"It's not that easy!" When the two-star Dou Xian late stage guard saw this, he smiled slowly, and then the evil force that attacked Yu Xiaoye increased in speed by a large margin, and instantly escaped. in front of Xiao Yan.

"Damn, it's too late!" When Xiao Yan saw this, his expression was secretly startled.

"Die!" Seeing this, the crime guard in the late stage of the Two Star Dou Xian slowly smiled, as if he had already seen the picture of Yu Xiaoye's delicate body being pierced by the power of evil.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" But at this critical moment, Yu Xiaoye just felt that her delicate body seemed to be smashed away viciously by someone, and flew backwards directly.

"Oh?" When they noticed this scene, the late two-star Douxian guard couldn't help but glance at Xiao Yan a few more times. Quite apprehensive.

"Destroy it to me!" Xiao Yan instantly knocked Yu Xiaoye's figure away, and then the dazzling evil aura directly attacked Xiao Yan.

Although it was a close call, Xiao Yan's dazzling fire-attribute power of fighting immortals radiated directly, directly wiping out that evil power.

"Shuiyue, give me three minutes!" Seeing that the crisis had been resolved, Xiao Yan immediately sat cross-legged and said something to Shuiyue.

At this time, Xiao Yan needs to urge the core inscription of his life to condense the formation pattern, and then inject it into the formation, so as to maintain the power of the formation, otherwise the formation at this time is just a prototype, which is a sin for the late two-star fighting immortal. Wei poses no threat.

"Leave it to us!" Shuiyue and Liu Qing nodded slightly when they heard the words, and then attacked the crime guard.

"I, I..." Yu Xiaoye, who was beside him, was obviously at a loss, and sat on the spot dumbfounded.

"Huhu, the core inscription of life, give it to me!"

"I want to see how much the formation pattern can condense this time!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the dazzling soul force went directly to the Ni Gong Wan in the body, and a trace of the core inscription was directly condensed out by it, and then injected into it. in the array.

With the continuous injection of formation patterns by Xiao Yan, the pressure in this formation was suddenly increasing at a terrifying speed.

"It's just a group of ants. Since you want to play, let's play with you." Seeing this, the guard of the late two-star Dou Xian snorted slightly.

"Heavenly Water Column!" At the next moment, Shuiyue directly broke out a very tyrannical attack. Above the arm, a huge water column about a hundred feet in size suddenly appeared. Above the water column, a rather soft, but extremely destructive force The terrifying power is slowly born.

"Death to me!" As soon as the voice fell, Shuiyue's arm suddenly waved, and the power of the Tianshui column burst into it, and there was a rather tyrannical shaking wherever it passed along the way!

"It's a good attack, but for me, it's useless." The late two-star Dou Xian guard seems to be more than a little bit stronger than the late one-star Dou Xian guard, facing Shuiyue so tyrannical at this time. A blow, there is still no fear.

"Evil Demon Hand!" Seeing the fierce water column attacking him, the late two-star Dou Xian guard didn't have any fear, instead he called out softly, and suddenly his arm wrapped in black robe slowly lifted, and At the same time, on his arm, a vicious aura that made the pupils of Shuiyue and the others shake violently emerged silently.

"What an evil power..." Seeing this, Liu Qing on the side couldn't help but wrinkle her beautiful eyes. Obviously, this dark and evil power gave her a rather tyrannical coercion.

"Hahaha."

"Break it for me!" Shuiyue's huge water column came directly in front of the late two-star Dou Xian guard, and suddenly the guard's arm, which was already surrounded by evil aura, was lightly raised, and he grabbed it abruptly.

"Puff, puff!" The sound of dripping water slowly sounded above the altar.

"How could it be possible..." Seeing that the late two-star Douxian guard easily wiped out his powerful attack in an instant, Shuiyue's heart turned out to be filled with fear.

"Don't be afraid, there's Xiao Yan, we have to buy him some time. As long as the formation is condensed, this guy will not be far from death." Liu Qing glanced at Xiao Yan and closed his eyes, adding this The formation of the altar continued to strengthen, and then said.

"But this guy's strength is too strong..." Shuiyue heard the words, a dignified expression appeared on her face.

"Look at me." When Liu Qing heard this, a dazzling light slowly appeared on his delicate body.

"Light system?"

"How is that possible?" After seeing the pure white halo emerging from Liu Qing's body, the late two-star Dou Xian guard suddenly raised a few decibels and lost his voice.

The evil power of the evil race outside the realm belongs to the dark lineage in essence, and it is natural to be afraid of this kind of light system.

"Light?" Hearing the guard's exclamation, Shuiyue also cast a puzzled look at Liu Qing.

No one knows Liu Qing's identity, the only thing they know is Jade Legacy.

And the light ~ is undoubtedly one of the few systems in the entire Daqian world. This type of system, in the Daqian world, is owned by only one power.

Holy See.

Within the Holy See, there are powerhouses with the light system. They believe in gods. Among them, the angel family is the most prominent. It is said that they are the forces left behind in the world like angels. They are the most devout believers of the angel family and are loyal to the angels.

"The sound of light listening." A light-based fighting spirit emerged from Liu Qing's body, and the next moment, Bei's lips moved slightly, and a touching voice came out slowly.

"Not good!" As Liu Qing launched the attack, the criminal guard on the side secretly screamed "No!", just about to escape, but his body was involuntarily held in place!

Looking down, he was actually imprisoned by two beams of light under his feet!

"Light... Destroy the darkness." Liu Qingbei's lips moved, and whispered some rather mysterious spells.

"Gulugulu." As soon as the voice fell, a milky white halo appeared on Liu Qing's body, with the superpower that destroyed all evil, and attacked the crime guard directly.

"It's too late!" Seeing that the attack was irresistible, the late two-star Dou Xian guard suddenly saw the guard not far from him, and immediately waved his hand, which immediately drew him in front of him.

"Boom boom boom!" The milky white halo didn't have the slightest imposing manner, and it gently came to the late two-star Dou Xian guard, and then it was like a flash in the pan, the energy was violently compressed, and it exploded in an instant!

The light beam that seems to be quite small, but at this moment, the light of the world burst out!