Chapter 361: Sudden change!

"Naturally counts." Jin Long was not surprised when he heard the anger that came from the immortal sword, but said slowly, but his pupils were turning quickly, obviously thinking about something.

"That's right." The voice of anger on the immortal sword also resounded, and the next moment, the immortal sword slowly rose from the ground, and then slowly gathered in Xiao Yan's hands.

The immortal sword had just returned to Xiao Yan's hands, and the ancient ruler of the eternal fire on Xiao Yan's body also fell off. Then Xiao Yan found that the immortal sword was held by himself, and there seemed to be some scorching heat in the palm of his hand, but for Xiao Yan It was nothing, so Xiao Yan didn't care.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"How is this going?"

"Could this be the sword spirit of the Immortal Sword?" Xiao Yan also asked in confusion.

"If I am really a sword spirit, then fine." The voice in the fairy sword also said slowly.

"Sword Spirit...not like it."

"I feel more like a residual force..."

"After all, when the three immortal warriors were refining this immortal sword, if they already possessed the sword spirit, how could they look at me and arrest me at a great price." Long Yi also said slowly. .

"Hehe, you flaming dragon didn't die, it seems that all this is God's will..." The words above the fairy sword also slowly spread.

"Hmph, you're just the residual power that the three fighting immortals fused together." Long Yi also said slowly, not to be outdone.

"But what you said is not wrong. I am just a residual force. The purpose of my existence is to let this fairy sword find the right person, so as to bring out its brilliance." The voice above the fairy sword is also saving the road. .

"Haha, this fairy sword is now in our hands, and the master is naturally Xiao Yan." Long Yi also said.

"Just him?" The voice in the fairy sword was also full of doubts.

"What? No?" Long Yi also said.

"Although the flame power on this kid is quite in line with this fairy sword, it doesn't mean that he can become the master of this fairy sword."

"The master of the fairy sword can't be him." The voice in the fairy sword also said without mercy.

"..." Xiao Yan also had black lines all over his head at this time. He didn't know what Long Yi and the voice in the fairy sword were doing.

"Okay, let's talk about the rest later, let's do business first." At first, the Golden Dragon King ignored the real quarrel between Long Yi and Xianjian, but the quarrel between the two became more and more fierce, and they had no choice but to exit. .

"Don't forget what you promised me."

"That stone." The voice in the fairy sword also said slowly.

"This is no problem." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly, although the mysterious meteorite is unclear, but it is extremely precious, but the Golden Dragon King found that the most precious thing in the core area of ​​the forbidden area is not this, it seems It is those water droplets on the mysterious meteorite that are more precious!

Because even the Golden Dragon King felt some extremely familiar aura from the water droplets.

"Gather the power in your body." An extremely gentle voice also sounded slowly in Xiao Yan's heart.

"En." Although Xiao Yan didn't know what the remaining power in this fairy sword was for, he wanted to come here to crack the special space in front of him.

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, Xiao Yan also slowly gathered the fighting qi in his body onto the fairy sword in his hand.

At this time, an extremely huge flame force emerged from the immortal sword, and then slowly surrounded the body of the immortal sword.

The huge power above the immortal sword also slowly surrounded, and the next moment, the tip of the sword suddenly pointed to the location of the mysterious meteorite.

"Within ten meters of this mysterious meteorite, there is a very special space. If there is no special method, it is impossible to enter." Above the fairy sword also spoke slowly.

Xiao Yan heard the words and looked at the core area. At this moment, the mysterious meteorite was also slowly exuding a dim brilliance, and then the next moment, a slight inconspicuous liquid slowly dripped from the mysterious meteorite. go!

The trace of inconspicuous liquid dripping down from the mysterious meteorite slowly fell into the circular object suspended under the mysterious meteorite in the next moment.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, when the mysterious liquid in the mysterious meteorite dripped down, an extremely majestic force and dazzling fluctuations slowly radiated out...

"This is…"

"The power of life..." The Golden Dragon King just saw the dazzling light emerging from the round object, and his pupils were also beating violently.

At this moment, the Golden Dragon King also understood!

Why are there a few strong auras of life among the round objects!

Because the breath of life is condensed from the mysterious meteorite!

No wonder the immortal sword is so anxious to get this meteorite. It turns out that this meteorite has a lot of background!

"What is that..." Xiao Yan also stared blankly at the dazzling light in front of him, and then the huge perception spread instantly.

The next moment, Xiao Yan was also surprised to find out!

A force that seemed to contain enormous vitality also slowly emerged from the circular object under the mysterious meteorite!

After passing through this power, Xiao Yan also discovered that the 50% Dou Qi in his body that had been absorbed by the Immortal Sword also recovered quickly, and even the tired injuries in his body had recovered very obviously!

An indescribable feeling of comfort also arises spontaneously!

"What exactly is this..." Xiao Yan also felt this strong life force for a short time, UU reading www. uukanshu. Com slowly stared at the mysterious meteorite in front of him.

Xiao Yan knew that all this was brought about by this mysterious meteorite, so he frowned!

"Damn it, you still discovered it." Above the fairy sword, the fairy swords surrounded by as many as twenty-three colors also blurted out slowly.

"Humph!" The Golden Dragon King also seemed to realize that he had just read it wrong. Originally, in the core area of ​​the forbidden area, this mysterious meteorite was the most precious thing!

"Long Yi, do it!" The next moment, the Golden Dragon King also found something, and snorted at Long Yi!

At this time, Long Yi had already escaped from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire. After all, with Xiao Yan by his side, it was still possible to leave the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire for a short time. Facing the voice of the Golden Dragon King, Long Yi also understood.

"damn it!"

"What are you doing!" Xiao Yan also found that he just wanted to break free from this fairy sword, but found that his palm couldn't break free no matter what!

It was as if he was being heavily controlled by this immortal sword!

No matter what, it is impossible to break free from the control of such an immortal sword!

"Hmph, little guy, lend me your body first." A strange voice sounded beside Xiao Yan's ears from the fairy sword.

The next moment, above the immortal sword, a splendid light also spread along the hilt of the sword and slowly spread to Xiao Yan, heading towards Xiao Yan's brain control center!

With such an appearance, he is clearly trying to control Xiao Yan!

Ask for tickets!