Chapter Vol 4 1052: Retire!

As the figure gave up his life and presented a memory flow backwards, all the figures in Xuehe Town held their breaths, because they clearly saw the shocking pictures, in which Xuanmu was completely destroyed by Xiao Yan. Obliterate!

"Kacha." And that memory flow back perfectly showed the entire process of Xiao Yan's killing of Xuanmu.

"It's impossible to have a false memory, but although Xuanmu and his party made mistakes first, but Xiao Yan really killed Xuanmu, I'm afraid this matter is not so easy to solve, after all, Xuanmu has already been named the next Xuanling King. ..." Above the attic, Wudu and Xiuqi two women shook their heads slightly, they could clearly see the whole process of Xiao Yan's killing Xuanmu from the light.

"Xiao Yan is still a disciple of the Fenxiang Pavilion. As long as he is under the protection of the Fenxiang Pavilion, with the character of Fen Tian protecting his shortcomings, he will definitely not let anything happen to him."

"But looking at this situation, the Xuanling Royal Family intends to fight the Fenxiang Pavilion to the end."

"If the Fenxiang Pavilion insists on protecting Xiao Yan, I am afraid it will cost a lot. After all, the Xuanling Royal Family does not know why its strength has skyrocketed. The overall strength of the Fenxiang Pavilion is not equal to the Xuanling Imperial Family." Wudu said in a deep voice. .

"You don't know him... According to what the girl Yueru said, this guy will never do anything that will drag others down..."

"Now, let's see if Fenxiang Pavilion is reluctant to stand up for this little guy named Xiao Yan, although the price may be even heavier." Xiu Qi shook her head slightly, obviously already aware of the seriousness of the matter.

"Junior Brother..." And in the sky, after watching the scene of Xiao Yan killing Xuanmu in the reversed scene of the light, Mu Tianyuan was suddenly dumbfounded.

He knew that it was Xuanmu's fault in the first place, but Xuanmu's identity was special, so being killed by Xiao Yan, I am afraid that the Xuanling royal family would not let it go.

"Zhu Jin, at this moment, what else do you have to say!"

"I was ordered by my king to come to arrest the culprit who killed Xuanmu..."

"If you insist on blocking it, then the final result will be the war between the two pavilions!" Qin Tian was so arrogant that he drank directly at Bamboo Ash, as if he was winning.

"I said, as long as he is a disciple of my Fenxiang Pavilion for one day...then we teachers will protect him for one day!" Seeing the memory flowing back in the sky that cannot be faked, Zhu Jin closed his eyes tightly. On, a vicissitudes emerged, obviously his words could not be more obvious.

"Fenxiang Pavilion's current strength cannot afford to fight against our Xuanling royal family."

"Zhu Jin, you have to think about whether it's worth it to completely tear up your face with our Xuanling royal family for such a guy." Qin Tian was not in a hurry, and forced Zhu Jin step by step. Said, I believe Zhu Jin knows the seriousness of the matter.

"Huhu..."

"It's really insignificant power..." Xiao Yan below looked at the extremely intense battle in the sky, but shook his head slightly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan knew that, as beings of the level of Fen Tian and Zhu Jin, he considered not only the tens of thousands of disciples of the sect, but also the countless forces that depended on the sect. , openly tore his face with the Xuanling royal family, after all, it was related to the lives of tens of thousands of disciples behind him.

"No matter what decision you make, I will follow you." Seeing Xiao Yan muttering suddenly, Mu Yingying also approached Qianying in Xiao Yan's direction.

"Don't worry, I will send your brother back to you safely." Xiao Yan laughed, but he mistakenly thought that Mu Yingying's actions were just for Yanchi, but he didn't know that it was for her own selfish desires, after all Mu Yingying did this for Yanchi's sake. Yingying has some special feelings for Xiao Yan.

"Big brother..." Xiao Yi also knew the seriousness of the matter and said solemnly.

When the killing of Xuanmu was revealed, the Xuanling royal family would undoubtedly regard Xiao Yan as a thorn in its side and must be eliminated, and if Xiao Yan hid behind the Burning Incense Pavilion, it would undoubtedly implicate many innocent disciples. According to Yan's understanding, Xiao Yan would definitely not be like this.

"Xiao Yan..." And looking at the huge scene in the sky, all the disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion, Lingxuan, Qinxin, Mu Feng, and the seven people from the Heavenly Palace, all looked at Xiao Yan.

"In the past, it was all done by me, Xiao Yan, and has nothing to do with the Fenxiang Pavilion." Xiao Yan's figure suddenly swept away, directly lifted into the sky, and then his loud voice slowly swept the entire sky.

"Hahaha."

"Xiao Yan, it's too late for you to say this at this moment." Seeing that Xiao Yan was forced to stand up, Qin Tian's face suddenly burst into laughter at the same time.

Today, no matter who comes, nothing can change this situation.

"It's not too late..." Xiao Yan's pupils exuded a strong aura, then turned slightly and looked at Zhu Jin and his party.

"Pfft." At the focal point of countless gazes in Xuehe Town, Xiao Yan knelt down in the air and bowed, facing Zhu Jin and his party, and saluted the highest standard of disciples of the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"Mu Xuzi's deputy hall master, White Fang's hall master, Xiong Yuan's deputy hall master, and Teacher Zhu Jin."

"Thank you very much for your teachings to the disciples over the years, and the disciples will keep them in mind." Xiao Yan knelt down and bowed, the corners of his mouth moved slightly.

"You..." Seeing Xiao Yan's behavior, Zhu Jin and the four were immediately shocked. They all knew what Xiao Yan's actions meant.

"I, Xiao Yan, voluntarily leave the Burning Incense Pavilion from this moment onwards, and everything I do in the future has nothing to do with the Burning Incense Pavilion!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, his forehead kowtowed to the four Zhu Jin and the distant Burning Incense Pavilion. .

Xiao Yan's voice, like a thunderbolt, suddenly resounded through the entire Blood River Town, making the restless space suddenly quiet.

"Senior Brother Xiao Yan..." Looking at Xiao Yan who made such an amazing move in the sky, the blood in the bodies of the hundreds of Fenxiang Pavilion disciples below was boiling. They knew that Xiao Yan did this because he didn't want to The fact that he killed Xuanmu himself and started a real war with the Xuanling royal family, because that kind of war would make innocent people like them implicated.

"Xiao Yan!"

"How dare you withdraw from the sect without my permission?" And Zhu Jin was also surprised by Xiao Yan's actions for a moment, and then he shouted at Xiao Yan with a livid face.

"Old Zhu, thank you for these years."

"If there is a chance in the future, tell the pavilion owner for me, I promised the pavilion owner, and I did it." Xiao Yan finished everything, then suddenly raised his forehead and said to Zhu Jin.

"Bastard..." Zhu Jin couldn't help cursing when everyone heard the words.

However, before everyone's scolding came to an end, the ten members of the Dragon-loving Legion, led by Qin Tian, ​​turned into ten dazzling rays of light, and shot directly at Xiao Yan.

"Xiao Yi...do it!" At this moment, Xiao Yan's pupils also showed blood, and a shocking aura permeated the air.

A battle is about to begin!