Chapter 558: The true identity of the snake spirit!

"damn it!"

"What is this!" Danshen was in a hurry!

I was too arrogant just now, and I didn't take this Shanyao seriously, but this Shanyao is the little princess of the Tianmuyu clan after all, because of the mysterious relationship with the Mad Wood Immortal Master, so I don't care about this manor. Very familiar!

How could you ignore such an important thing?

Danshen cursed inwardly.

"Okay!" Although Shanyao didn't know how this salvia came here so easily, she was overjoyed, and then she suddenly let out a loud red light, and the bright red light suddenly rushed towards the salvia!

"Ah ah ah!"

"Sage Master Crazy Wood!" The bright red light just enveloped the salvia, and the salvia roared as if it had lost all its power!

A crazy thought emerged in Danshen's heart!

"Damn it... want to take me again?"

"Even if I die this time, I won't fall for your tricks again!" Salvia was shackled by fiery red aura, unable to struggle at all, and immediately said angrily.

"Take it!" At this time, as Dan participated in the fight against the fiery red fighting qi, Shan Yao's forehead slightly showed a lot of sweat. Not one level.

After Shanyao finished speaking, the medicine cauldron on the mural seemed to have noticed that the salvia was struggling, trying to get rid of the restraint, and an even bigger aura suddenly emerged, and then suddenly hit the salvia!

"Ah ah ah!"

"do not want……"

"Master, I was wrong... No..." Salvia's hoarse voice shocked everyone present.

"Tsk tsk...I'm afraid this medicine cauldron is not of extraordinary quality." Xiao Yan said solemnly, obviously this medicine cauldron is just like a clone, it is the salvia that suppressed this powerful as a nine-star fighting emperor, I am afraid this medicine cauldron is extremely terrifying !

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling fiery red fighting spirit poured out from the fresco towards the Danshen, and then circles of Danshen appeared on the surface of Danshen, but the Danshen only made Xiao Yan feel relaxed and happy, not at all. There is no danger!

"Pfft!" The next moment, under the suppression of the fiery red grudge, the body of the salvia shrank instantly, and then suddenly strung against the mural!

"Boom boom boom!" In a few breaths, the salvia was melted into the mural!

At this moment, in the empty mural medicine cauldron behind the golden chair, a medicine pill the size of a longan and a perfect blend of black and white was flowing slowly.

"What kind of medicine pill is this..." Xiao Yan stared at the medicine pill, but his soul was shocked!

This is impressively the power of a fourth-grade immortal-level medicinal pill!

"This thing is still a semi-finished product... I'm still giving it to you." The next moment, Shan Yaoyu gently touched the mural with her hand, and then the black and white medicine pill the size of a longan appeared in Shanyao's hand.

"Okay." Xiao Yan said without hesitation, after all, this fourth-grade immortal-rank medicinal pill at this time was only a prototype, but it was also a genuine fourth-grade immortal-rank medicinal pill...

Immortal rank fourth-grade medicinal pills, I am afraid that the strong immortals are quite jealous, not to mention the mere Dou Di.

Moreover, Xiao Yan also knew that the fourth-grade immortal rank prototype elixir had already given birth to spiritual wisdom. At this time, the elixir had already been destroyed. As long as Xiao Yan's strength reached, then this prototype elixir could be used. The medicine becomes a real 4th-grade immortal medicine pill!

"Tsk tsk... This girl really got up."

"Immortal pills at the fourth-grade immortal rank... This is..." Snake Punishment was rather heart-wrenching, but it didn't show it. After all, this salvia relied on Shanyao from beginning to end, so for the allocation of Shanyao, No problem at all.

"what……"

"Where's the soul liquid?" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something and asked with a gloomy face.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This soul liquid is the key to Xiao Yan's breakthrough to the emperor's mortal soul power. If it is gone, Xiao Yan's plan will undoubtedly be in vain.

"Here." Just as Xiao Yan was looking around, the original beautiful box slowly appeared in Shanyao's hands!

"Soul liquid!" Xiao Yan felt relieved when he saw this.

"Hehe, if you care too much, it's messed up. After all, this soul liquid was condensed by the alchemist's whole life. If it is damaged so easily, then it can't be called soul liquid." Long Yi said with a smile.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan rolled his eyes helplessly.

"Take this medicinal pill and soul liquid..."

"This medicinal pill is at the fourth rank of the Immortal Rank, and it is useless to give it to others... and the soul liquid is only useful to the alchemist, the two of us are useless..."

"Also, the conch has now recognized me as the master, so I think it's a little compensation for Brother Xiao Yan." Shan Yao held the conch in her hand, and gentle forces continued to pass through her body.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed softly, and then reached out to collect the two things.

"Is this the prototype of a fourth-grade immortal-level medicinal pill..."

"It is said that the Immortal Rank medicinal pills have long been beyond the scope of medicinal pills. I never thought that I would be lucky enough to see them today." Snake Punishment on the side had already returned to his human form, facing the one on Xiao Yan's palm. An extremely terrifying elixir came out.

"And this soul fluid..."

"The pharmacist's soul power is so powerful that he can directly use his soul to kill an enemy with one blow!" Snake Punishment said again.

"Let's go find Sister Shanling first." Shanyao finished speaking and left the wooden hall first.

"Alright, there shouldn't be anything in this manor manor..."

"But I don't know why, just now that Sheng Yan said that if you want Sheng Yan, then go to this desert mountain range and make me feel uneasy..." Xiao Yan slowly put away the two things, and then followed directly.

A few people turned around a lot of ramps and finally stepped into the entrance of the backyard.

"Backyard." Two big characters with dragons and phoenixes outlined by fine wood.

"Is Shanling in this backyard..." Snake said worriedly.

"Yep."

"I have some connections with this manor, so I can clearly feel her position, I believe she is not otherwise..." Shanyao said slightly.

"Is the snake spirit Shanling..."

"Snake jade... Shanshan..."

"Shanyao Shanling...this" Xiao Yan thought slowly as he walked.

Knowing this time, Xiao Yan already knew that the Tianmuyu clan should have a deep relationship with the owner of this mansion, and that Shanling is probably the daughter of this manor!

"If this is the case, then this matter is not good." Xiao Yan stared at Shan Yao who was walking constantly, and suddenly a bad premonition came into his heart!

This is a place invaded by evil tribes from outside the realm... If this Shan Ling's father is really the owner of this manor, I am afraid that the two of them will meet each other.

"It doesn't matter, let's find Shanling first." Xiao Yan shook his head, trying his best not to think about these things.

"Shanyao, are there any terrifying creatures in this manor?" Xiao Yan asked along the way, looking at the layout and the lake under the aisle.

"No, just that big guy just now." Shanyao said.

Ask for tickets!