Chapter Vol 4 1326: Pastoral to Xiao Yan!

"Brother Mu Ge, please enlighten me!" The clear voice was like bursts of Sanskrit, and it spread throughout the entire competitive mountain range. This voice seemed to possess some kind of magic power, not only suppressing the energy of heaven and earth in the entire competitive mountain range, It seems that even the originally noisy area outside the venue has become silent in an instant.

As Xiao Yan opened his mouth, eyes from outside the arena fixed on the two in the competitive mountain range.

"With the strength of the two-star Dou Xian early stage, I have to say...you are the first opponent that I really agree with."

"No, maybe it's more suitable for the middle stage of the two-star Dou Xian." Under the gazes of countless eyes, Mu Ge slowly raised his head and looked at the thin figure in front of him, but it was Xiao Yan who possessed extremely tyrannical power. In the indifferent pupils, Get some fiery.

"I can also feel that you are very strong. At least until now, you have not used all your strength."

"But no matter how tyrannical you are... I, Xiao Yan, want this number one." Facing Mu Ge's voice, Xiao Yan smiled, but his smile was filled with a very dangerous aura.

"I can sense it too, and you didn't use all your strength."

"But all my power is only used against opponents worthy of a fight."

"If you want to see my full power, then come up with a power worthy of my face." She said in a hoarse voice.

"Let's do it."

"Let me experience, what is the strength of the power of the first powerhouse in Leicheng?" Xiao Yan said, looking at the fiery pastoral in his pupils.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and suddenly a blue ice attribute aura and a fiery red fire attribute aura erupted from the two of them. Obliterate a weak two-star fighting immortal strong.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a brief collision, the two figures backed away. Immediately, on Xiao Yan's palm, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire flickered with dazzling flames, and together with their figures, they burst out into a light and shadow.

The light and shadow was like a fierce thunder, and it came to the pastoral in an instant. On the ancient ruler of the different fire, with a strong hot breath, it drew a beautiful arc in the sky and attacked the pastoral.

"Humph!" Just as Xiao Yan attacked and came to Mu Ge, Mu Ge snorted coldly, and then acted instantly.

Facing such a tyrannical blow from Xiao Yan, the Ice Attribute Dou Qi in Mu Ge suddenly burst out, and then wrapped around the energy dagger above his palm!

"Choke choke!" The knife in his hand fell, and the energy dagger lifted in an instant, colliding heavily with Xiao Yan's ancient ruler of Eternal Fire.

"Crash!" The ice-type energy dagger just touched the flames above Xiao Yan's Yihuo Eternal Ancient Ruler, and they were at a stalemate.

"Triple Ice Power!" With a light hum, the ice attribute Dou Qi in Mu Ge's body suddenly condensed on the energy dagger, and the palm suddenly exerted force, and suddenly made a harsh sound.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!" Suddenly feeling the force from the energy dagger, Xiao Yan was also shocked, and a terrifying force instantly emerged.

"Crash!" As soon as the two tyrannical forces came into contact, a poignant scene of flames and ice appeared in the mid-air of the competitive mountain range, but the next moment, the two figures were also shaken back by the powerful attack.

"Flame Slash!" When the two figures were shaken back by the force, Xiao Yan barely stabilized the figure, and then the fighting energy in his body rushed towards the palm of the hand, the ancient ruler of the fire, without any blessing, and then faced the place where the pastoral song fell. Cut off one foot.

"Shabu Shabu!" The huge energy ruler hundreds of feet in size blasted straight from the tip of Xiao Yan's ruler, and then tore apart the space and space, and suddenly caught up with the figure of the pastoral song.

"Damn, this guy's grasp of fighting opportunities is really terrifying!" Facing Xiao Yan's tyrannical blow, Mu Ge murmured, and then the aura in his body was raised, and three blue energy **** burst out. Go, just barely blocked Xiao Yan's attack.

"This guy is really tricky... and it seems that this guy is still hiding something." Seeing Mu Ge's quick response, Xiao Yan shook his head and said, the moment he just stepped back, many strong people couldn't react. I didn't expect this madrigal to be so careful.

Xiao Yan twirled his palms and sneered, only to see a dazzling fighting qi bursting out from his body. On the surface of the fighting qi, flames rose, and the main space was filled with uneasy fluctuations. The last burst of high temperature emanated, and the space under Xiao Yan's feet was instantly scorched to the point of boiling.

"Why is this guy's flame different from other people's flames?" As the ice attribute, Mu Ge is naturally very sensitive to the fire attribute. Looking at Xiao Yan's powerful flame, he couldn't help but have a hint of doubt in his heart. .

"Ice Elegy!" In the next moment, Mu Ge's eyes narrowed, and then a roar emerged directly from Mu Ge's mouth.

"what?"

"It's actually the Elegy of Ice?"

"This is the famous fighting skill of Pastoral Song, and it is fully ranked in the realm of the Holy Order." Seeing this, the strong people outside the field couldn't help but become excited.

"Crash." A burst of azure blue vindictiveness, centered on the pastoral song, slowly overflowed everywhere, and then those azure blue vindictive qi actually condensed into azure blue ice flowers.

The azure blue ice flower seemed to be ordinary, but it gave Xiao Yan a dangerous atmosphere from the Disciplinary Committee.

"I'm afraid this guy's ice attribute is not an ordinary fighting qi." Even though Xiao Yan was covered in his own fighting qi, he still felt an aura of severe cold, which made Xiao Yan have to take it seriously.

"Ice Elegy, Ice Flower Soul!"

"Destroy Xiao Yan!" The pastoral song is like a bottomless pit, and ice flowers the size of a slap continue to emerge from his body, filling the entire sky, and the entire sky is also showing some cold feeling at this time. .

Faced with this situation Xiao Yan clenched his five fingers into fists, and then the dazzling flame breath all over his body instantly condensed on the palm of his hand. It swept out with its arms, like an angry lion burning with fiery red and red flames, without flinching, it was together with the tyrannical ice elegy of the pastoral song.

"Bang bang bang!" The terrifying fluctuations continued to spread, and Xiao Yan's fiery red angry lion and those countless blue ice flowers had just come into contact. Directly facing the Athletics Mountain Range, the powerful fluctuations in power actually chiseled a huge pit with a size of several hundred meters in the ground of the Athletics Mountain Range. In the huge pit, flames and cold aura slowly filled.

"How can the ordinary flame fighting qi be so indistinguishable from my ice attribute fighting qi, this guy's flame fighting qi is weird!" The next moment, watching the ice flower that had the upper hand withering at a speed visible to the naked eye, the madrigal's His pupils shrank suddenly, and when he looked up, he saw that in the fiery red grudge, every time the flame rose, it would weaken the ice flower formed by his Ice Elegy a lot. That fiery red flame turned out to be so overbearing.

"I found out now, it's too late, break it for me!" A terrifying shout emerged directly from Xiao Yan's mouth, and then the angry lion, who couldn't stand still with Binghua, suddenly burst out with an incomparably hot breath. The next moment , engulfed the ice flower in an instant, and then roared away to the pastoral song!

Mu Ge was shocked, and the ice attribute Dou Qi in his body also swept out in an instant without reservation. The vigorous Dou Qi was mixed with the icy cold to the sky. Until now, Mu Ge didn't know that he still underestimated Xiao Yan.