Chapter Vol 4 2206: Battle on!

"It really is the holy flame... No wonder this guy can sense the obscure things in the clan."

"In that case, that's all."

Hearing Xiao Yan's provocative words, Second Elder Ma Lin shook his head slightly, and then looked at Xiao Yan with a beautiful nod, as if he was weighing something.

Xiao Yan, regardless of his strength or background, is not afraid of the fire elves, but he must not be underestimated!

If the provocative words just now changed anyone, I am afraid that these elf powerhouses will instantly kill them here.

"Elder Ma Lin, this human is trying to provoke the dignity of our fire elves!"

"Please order us to arrest him!"

Outside the altar of the elf, a group of elven powerhouses looked at Xiao Yan with fierce eyes, and a voice containing anger sounded like thunder. It was obvious that they were very annoyed when they heard Xiao Yan's extremely arrogant voice.

The fire elves are so powerful, isn't it possible for a guy with insufficient Samsara strength to slander them?

"This is my second brother, if you have any further disputes..."

Xiao Yi spoke out at the same time, Sen Leng's murderous aura made the temperature here violently churned.

"Be quiet."

"Enter the altar, the competition is about to begin."

After taking his breath, the second elder Ma Lin shook his head, and then waved his hand casually, and the dazzling energy halo fell down and poured into the altar deep in the forest, completely starting the altar.

"Today's battle, the three of you have only one chance. The winner will be the next king of our fire elves. The loser will live or die."

"During the competition, any strong player is strictly prohibited."

The second elder Ma Lin looked around and said to the nine people around him and a group of elven powerhouses who came here admiringly. His voice was like an unusually deep Hong bell, impacting the souls of everyone present, and the warning was very obvious.

The second elder, Ma Lin, who is in charge of the competition between the three major tribes of the fire elves, has unfathomable strength.

"Yes!"

The nine agreed together, and immediately stepped into the altar of spirits first.

The altar of the elf is not only located at the highest point of the entire sky sea space, but also in the depths of a beautiful and quiet forest, protected by a layer of tens of thousands of thick enchantments.

This is the holy land of the fire elves. The altar is a vast field of thousands of feet. It is made of sacred flint from the fire elves. It is extremely sacred. In addition to the existence of energy enchantments, the word altar is well-deserved. .

There are several stone seats in the center of the venue to supervise the fairness of the competition, as well as a very bright elf statue, standing quietly in the center of the altar.

Although it was just a statue, everyone could smell a trace of extremely ancient fluctuations from its body. It seemed that the survival of this world was only between a frown and a smile.

Yaoji statue!

The statue stands in the center of the entire altar, indicating that all elves have devout belief in the goddess Yaoji, and all decisions and competitions are conducted justly under her watch.

The lively atmosphere slowly enveloped this sacred altar, and the invisible battle was about to start.

"Three electors come forward, and you have a chance to draw lots."

"One of the three will lose and directly advance to the finals. The two who have been drawn will start fighting together. There will be three players on each side.

"By the way, if you are against Xiao Yan, you must not kill him, otherwise the clan will deal with it according to the rules."

Elder Ma Lin stood gracefully in front of the Yaoji statue, frowned, and immediately added some other conditions to the final rules. After all, because of Xiao Yan's last words and the amber flame, he had to say The fire elves still need a little bit of strength from Xiao Yan.

"Hmph... have you been underestimated?"

Xiao Yan smiled when he heard the words, but this was normal. After all, the gap between the Eight-Star Dou Xian and the reincarnation powerhouse was like a gulf, and there were very few fighters in the entire Great Thousand World who could cross the class.

"This?"

"I'm afraid it has something to do with the amber flame just now."

Some elf figures were surprised when they heard the words, but after a moment's thought, they were able to guess some clues, but at this time they were quietly staying in the center of the altar, waiting for the next exciting competition.

The next battle will be unprecedented and extremely fierce!

"Hurry up."

Seeing the three electors nod together, Ma Lin waved and urged.

"Pfft!"

Xiao Yi, Princess Alice, and Princess Qianqin stepped forward together, and then began to draw lots under the guidance of Second Elder Ma Lin.

"what's the result?"

"Among the three, I don't know who was so lucky to be able to directly fail to advance to the finals."

There were many elves and strong people in the audience guessing.

"Is the situation not optimistic..."

Xiao Yan sat proudly on the stone seat, his eyes lightly swept the Yaoji statue and this altar space. It seemed that some extremely obscure evil power was slowly exuding. When he turned to Xiao Yi, his face was slightly touched Very ugly and violent atmosphere.

"Did this fire elves encounter something..."

Xiao Yan muttered to himself, and then the smile on his face slowly fell, and the fierce suffocating energy at the corners of his lips was as cold as a thousand-year-old cave.

"Second brother."

A few minutes later, Xiao Yi quietly retreated, but at this time, his eyes were filled with a rare heaviness, and I am afraid the result of the lottery would be extremely unfavorable for them.

"Unfortunately, we drew lots against the Alice tribe."

Xiao Yi's lips were a little dry, and the corners of her eyes were as sharp as blades, and she stared at the three Alice in the distance.

The two tribes have fought hundreds of times, both large and small, and they have already formed a very deep relationship. Now that the first battle is about to fight, it is natural to avoid such a hateful appearance.

"Is it Princess Qianqin who failed..."

Xiao Yan nodded, suddenly turned his head to look over, Princess Qianqin was playing the piano with both hands, looking at ease and tranquility, but when looking at the latter, the domineering body in his body actually burst out with an unprecedented wave The surging power!

"I always feel that this guy is the biggest obstacle."

Scanning to no avail Xiao Yan turned his attention to the three Alices, two of them at the first level of reincarnation, and one of them at the level of reincarnation. This huge handwriting is enough to make any strong person take it seriously. .

"In the first round, I will play."

In the lingering voice, Ellen, one of the two maidservants behind Alice, stepped out and looked at Xiao Yi with a fierce look, and the cold murderous intent unabashedly permeated out.

"Second brother, let me go!"

Xiao Yi has a slender body, and her beautiful face is surrounded by purple flames, and she has an innate rebelliousness in her bones.

"Do not."

"Elder Marvin, this battle is up to you."

Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly became sharp, he turned his head and spoke to the old man behind him.

"Okay!"

"Just let this old man come and meet the rude people of your western tribe!"

"Hahaha!"

Elder Marwen stepped out, and the altar space around his body actually wriggled slightly, and an extremely fierce brown flame slowly swept out.

"In the first battle, the Western Tribe Reincarnation Rank Alan vs the Southern Tribal Reincarnation Rank Marvin."

The vast voice came from the mouth of the second elder Ma Lin, and suddenly the energy of the whole world began to boil in a rare way.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: