Chapter Vol 4 1742: Eternal Empress Lei Lord, Forge Qifei!

"Blade of Ghosts and Gods, Sword of Soul Destruction!" Looking at the terrifying battle of the Lord of Soul Eater, the Lord of Li Soul could clearly feel the rapid loss of energy between heaven and earth, and even had a very strong rejection of himself. Time roared directly.

Following the opening of the Lord of Souls, the ghost-like complexion on the top of his head slowly appeared, and then he gently raised the soul-destroying knife covered with blood, and gently waved it towards the Lord of Soul Eater. .

At this moment, the Lord of Soul Li had a grim face, his pupils were full of blood, and blood was still pouring into the ghosts and gods at his wrist. This attack by the Soul Lord, his thousand-year plan, was destroyed in one fell swoop!

Absorbing so much blood from the source, the ghost and **** phantom palm swelled up suddenly, and in a short period of time, it became a thousand feet in size, the palm shook, the ghost and **** phantom directly separated from the master of the soul, and the soul annihilation knife in his hand pierced the sky, Under the horrified eyes of everyone, he blasted away at the Lord of Soul Eater!

Such a sharp and terrifying attack, I am afraid that the reincarnation level powerhouse can only temporarily avoid its edge.

Looking at the huge phantom that looks like a ghost and a god, and the energy and blood glow of the thousand-zhang soul-killing knife, the Lord of Soul Eater smiled casually, and the voice of the master fell, piercing the entire sky, the entire sky!

"This seat uses the blood river bell, the power of the soul-devouring talisman!"

"Number Ten Thousand Souls, Drive Thousand Souls!"

"Together to slay the demons!" The voice was like a Sanskrit sound, transmitted over every inch of the yellow sand in the desert hinterland, bringing with it countless terrifying powers.

"Weng hum!" As the voice of the Soul Eater fell, the countless ghosts that were quietly crawling under his feet, on top of the illusory body, burst into red glows from both eyes, and the black incantations all over the body kept squirming. , The body trembled, and it turned out to be shot directly at the ghosts and gods!

The power of the countless ghosts and ghosts is the power of Xueheling. Xueheling collected countless tyrannical ghosts and left them in a special way to form their most tyrannical attack. Wen, the terrifying power that is enough to devour all things, this mighty ghost world army is enough to tear apart any army or even obliterate the powerhouse of Samsara.

"Gulugulu!" For a time, the sky was surging, and countless clouds retreated, as if they were afraid that the two would destroy the sky and destroy the earth and attack him.

"Clang clang clang!"

"Hey!" The blood river bell in the hands of the Lord of Soul Eater broke out with a very clear sound, but every time this sound sounded, the power of the entire ghost army would skyrocket. As for the black incantation emitted by every shake of the Soul Eater Talisman , all injected into the army of ghosts.

"Rumbling!" The terrifying confrontation storm came quietly at a certain moment.

In the sky, a crazy **** aura spread completely, and the defensive cover of everyone below and the yellow sand above the desert instantly turned into nothingness, and a touch of depression appeared in everyone's heart.

Destroying the sky and destroying the earth, even the precious treasure land in the desert hinterland, completely collapsed at this moment, the sky turned into countless fragments like a broken mirror, and for a while, above the desert below, it turned into countless abyss. for conspicuous.

The two reincarnation-level powerhouses completely collapsed the space. After a few minutes, the explosion and fluctuations in the sky slowly dissipated, and countless ghosts were returning to the Lord of Soul Eater. Although they were scarred, but As long as he returns to the blood pond bell, it will not be long before he will regain his peak.

On the other hand, on the other side of the sky, there was a figure with a very sluggish breath and red blood all over his body. He looked slightly embarrassed. He climbed up from the blood cloud under his feet with difficulty, staring at the Lord of Soul Eater with resentment. The Lord of Soul Eater was swallowed alive.

"You lost." After a while, the Soul Eater said softly.

"Hahaha!"

"Master of Soul Eater, although you defeated me today, you couldn't kill me."

"I will recover my strength in the future, and I will bring back all the shame today!" Seeing the indifferent appearance of the Lord of Soul Eater, the Lord of Li Soul laughed violently.

"Teacher, don't let him go!"

"Master, this is the culprit who has caused countless killings to our Soul Devouring Domain. We can't let him go..." Seeing victory in sight, eager voices fell one after another.

"It seems that there are some familiar fluctuations..." Xiao Yan did not speak, but stared at the void that began to run. It seemed that there was already a familiar aura here, and he slowly submerged.

"Are you so confident?"

"Do you think I dare not kill you?" The Lord of Soul Eater ignored the smile of Lord Li's soul, and walked towards the cloud of blood that Lord Li's soul stood.

On the palm of the hand, the blood river bell and the Soul Eater Realm turned together, pushing the breath of the Soul Eater to the peak. On the other hand, the Li Soul Lord was like a dying person, with a sluggish breath and blood on the body. power in battle.

"We are personally appointed by the adults in the center of the ghost world. If you kill me, I'm afraid..." The Lord of Li Soul leaned on him and said with a smile.

"The center of the ghost world... Is the ghost world even the realm where the Supreme Being of the Great Thousand Worlds exists..."

"However, what kind of place is that?"

"You, a dying person, are also worthy of mentioning it to me?"

"Die!"

"The center of the ghost world, this seat has not been placed in my eyes." Hearing that the Lord of Li Soul was still so threatening when he was about to die, Soul Eater raised his hands, and the two evil soldiers burst out with a death beam, facing Li Soul's The master blasted away!

Looking at the appearance, it is astonishingly the last killer, trying to really obliterate the Lord of Li Soul!

"No!" The Lord of Souls tried to struggle to move his body, and immediately swayed his severely damaged body, trying to avoid the devastating blow of the Lord of Soul Eater, but found that he was only doing useless work, and immediately his eyes were hideous, in his pupils Revealing a sense of unwillingness, looking at the Lord of Soul Eater.

"Xuuuu!" The light of death bursting out from the two evil soldiers shook slightly and shot towards the Lord of Li Soul. If it was hit, the Lord of Li Soul would be seriously injured. Only the bones are left, and even the soul will be completely obliterated by it.

"Sorry...you can't kill him." Just when the Lord of Li Soul had given up his struggle, his eyes were closed and he was quietly waiting for death, a lonely figure wearing a black cloak covering his face slowly collapsed from the ground. Stepping out of the void, the slender jade hand immediately grasped the death-like light, and the death light, which was enough to destroy all things, was quietly destroyed, and it did not even bring any power.

"Fei'er...I don't feel sorry for you." At this moment, Lord Li Hun opened his pupils without a face, but he said helplessly. You don't need to look to know who is shooting now.

He has been using Duo Qifei from the beginning to the end, using the power of reincarnation on her body, and even the power of the Thunder Lord, to seal the entire Li Soul Realm, so that the outsiders cannot sense the scenes that are happening here. The relationship with Xiao Yan was deliberately designed by Leishan to imprison Du Qifei, in the end, it was only for his own path of reincarnation, for the holy flame of Xiao Yan, and for his own selfishness.

He is ashamed of Du Qifei, he is not worthy to be the master of this domain, and he is not worthy to be Du Qifei's uncle.

"It's actually the power of reincarnation." The Soul Eater Lord had just mobilized the power of the two evil soldiers several times, and now the fighting qi in his body was already close to withering. At this time, a reincarnation-level powerhouse appeared in Du, and he slowly shook his head.

If this reincarnation powerhouse insists on protecting the Lord of Li Soul today, I am afraid that the Lord of Li Soul will not fall today. After all, many of the Lord of Soul Eater's subordinates are in the Lord of Li Soul at this time. It is not very good for Li Soul Domain and Soul Devouring Domain.

At this moment, the situation that had already been fixed has actually changed again, but the overall situation has been decided, and I don't know what the final result will be.