Chapter Vol 4 2217: All means come out, the sound of 7 strings!

"As expected of the guy who can defeat Sister Alice."

Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Princess Qianqin raised her palm to cover her red lips, and let out a creaking smile.

"What a weird guy..."

As soon as the attack fell, Xiao Yan felt that her attack was not here. It seemed that the attack just now did not use too much power, it was just a test, so Xiao Yan easily followed.

What makes Xiao Yan extremely puzzled is that when facing this princess head-on now, the intact body and power of the tyrant hidden in his body are not under his control, and there are faint signs of rampage. The source is most likely the Princess Qianqin in front of her!

It seems that there is something in this princess's body that makes the power of the tyrant exude an extremely hot restlessness!

"Go ahead, use all your strength, I hope you can let me use that power."

The voice fell, Princess Qianqin sat gracefully cross-legged, a jade platform quietly appeared on top of her body, the jade platform was completely white, and the sun and the moon rose around her body.

At the same time, a palm surged above Princess Qianqin's body to remove the jade piano behind her and smiled at Xiao Yan.

The guqin has a beautiful shape and is engraved on it by countless birds and beasts. It looks extremely elegant, but anyone can smell the terrible power contained in it.

"Young Master Xiao Yan, please enlighten me!"

Regardless of the many surprises in Xiao Yan's body, Qianqin placed the guqin flat on the jade platform in front of her, and her whole body crawls down. Open, it really pushes its breath to the peak.

The melodious silver brilliance actually caused a long-lost silence in everyone's body.

"Humph!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and the five-color flames began to flow irregularly. In addition to the blessings of Saint Yan Kaiyi and the Demon Emperor's celestial appearance behind him, its power was also terrifyingly tyrannical.

"Huhu."

Xiao Yan also held his breath, and then blew it out. The majestic five-color flames instantly formed a monstrous fire curtain in this enchantment. The five-color energies above the fire curtain have different properties, and the terrifying high temperature contained in them is completely different. The nature of power actually made this enchantment become illusory.

This method is a symbol of Fen Jue's first realm after the operation. Today's Xiao Yan, the power to control Sheng Yan, is countless times more tyrannical than before.

The holy flame screen is like a vast universe with thousands of feet, and it fills this void when it is freely displayed.

If this technique is not under the control of Fen Jue's first realm, with Xiao Yan's strength, I am afraid it will not be possible.

"Boom!"

The hot flame energy raged out, and Xiao Yan's body was drowned in the fire curtain like a ghost. In the fire curtain, five completely different flame properties began to expand violently. Without Xiao Yan's maintenance, one after another violent voice Like thunder blasting in this world, the flame energy that it carries is enough to tear everything, and it bursts out!

"Oh... is the sound hitting the west?"

"But this kind of flame seems a little abnormal."

Feeling that the entire barrier was completely enveloped by Xiao Yan's five-color fire curtain, Princess Qianqin smiled slightly, and the palm alone that touched the guqin began to shake, and the natural Qiong finger on the palm lifted and landed precisely. On the Guqin Qinxuan.

Everyone saw that in the fire curtain full of violent violence, Princess Qianqin was covered with a soft halo. She caressed the body of the piano with one hand, and sat quietly on the jade platform. There are quite rhythmic fluctuations on the top, and it seems that every drop of the finger will bring up the extremely majestic energy of heaven and earth.

The sound of the piano is euphemistic and beautiful, and it sounds extremely reassuring, but everyone knows that the scalp-numbing terrifying power brewing in the sound of the piano, I am afraid that under a single blow, the reincarnation-level powerhouse can only be dimmed. No light!

"Boom!"

Xiao Yan instantly appeared in the sky above Princess Qianqin, and a thunderous flame explosion sounded. Immediately, without waiting for the latter to react, a fist wrapped in five-colored flames blasted away at Princess Qianqin who was close at hand. The power actually shook the air in a radius of 1000 meters!

"Yixian... Palace!"

Facing such a terrifying blow from Xiao Yan, Princess Qianqin's elegant index finger quickly undulated the guqin, and a silver shock wave came out suddenly.

Qianqin waved her sleeves, and suddenly a soft force drove that rhythm shock wave. Under the watchful eyes of countless people, it directly slammed into Xiao Yan's punch!

"Boom!"

The moment the silver melody shock wave and Xiao Yan's terrifying punch attacked, the energy resounding through the heavens and the earth suddenly spread out from the sky like ripples!

"Dong, dong, dong!"

In the enchantment, Xiao Yan's figure continued to wreak havoc on the sky. With the blessing of the five-color fire curtain, his entire body stood like a Buddha statue. The loud sound of mountains colliding continued to sound, and a terrifying energy storm rang out. It continued to overflow, and just after the overflow, the qi and blood in these powerhouses began to churn.

"Er Xian, Shang!"

"Sanxian, Jiao!"

Princess Qianqin's mastery of rhythm is the first person Xiao Yan has ever seen in his life. Every attack is just right, and the attack intensity is extremely terrifying, without wasting any excess energy. This kind of grasp of battle is better than Alice's. Really too arrogant.

"Immortal golden body!"

Several rhythm shock waves scanned the past like a death cutting machine, and the void collapsed slightly wherever it went.

"Pfft!"

The second attack fell, and the incomparably violent energy fluctuations raged out The golden giant body transformed by Xiao Yan trembled suddenly, and quickly took a few steps back, and even the void around him became illusory.

In the successive attacks, he never obtained any benefit, which made Xiao Yan's face flash with a hint of doubt, and his eyes kept looking at Princess Qianqin in the distance.

Princess Qianqin's strength is not bad, and her control of power is too precise. The power of reincarnation in her body and the power above the guqin evaporate together, making Xiao Yan feel powerless.

"It seems that if you want to win, you can only work **** strength."

"Zi la la!"

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, on the bronze-colored skin all over his body, traces of strange thunder like dead gray appeared quietly, and endless thunder appeared in his eyes. Under the appearance of this power, the whole world became much quieter.

"Thunder?"

Seeing the scene that suddenly appeared on Xiao Yan's body, countless people's minds were filled with too many questions.

Different from the consternation of many powerhouses, Princess Qianqin has always kept a faint smile on her face, but she is suspended on the jade platform in the air, and the silver radiance above the guqin in her arms is extremely bright. At the same time, the two perfect The slender jade hands, which had no flaws, landed on the guqin at the same time, and among the random fluctuations, there was actually a rare sound of wind and beast roar, with an extremely loud sound, resounding in this world. out!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: