Chapter Vol 4 1603: Settle in!

Time is passing, Xiao Yan's astonishing action that day has passed several days now.

As the Qingyun Pavilion was completely destroyed by Xiao Yan with his own power, it had been three days since Xiao Yan's move and even the move to lead out the head of the Spiritual Academy.

In three days, Xiao Yan's illustrious reputation has spread in the Earth Spirit Academy and the entire region of the Central Territory, and even the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, its status has risen because of this. With the help of Xiao Yan, their sect has become one thing Destroy the remaining power of Tingfeng Pavilion, and soon occupy the territories of Tingfeng Pavilion and Qingyun Pavilion, and the strength has greatly increased. In the Huo Sect, many sects were dissatisfied with this, but Xiao Yan was in charge, so they could only calm down.

At this time, in the hall of Wanhuo Zongmen.

"Hey, my lord." Huo Yizong looked at Xiao Yan with a smile on his face.

Since Xiao Yan's return, the Wan Huo Sect has also been surprisingly convinced of Xiao Yan's rule, and under the management of Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui, the overall strength of the Wan Huo Sect has directly reached the ranks of the top forces in the Central Territory, with Xiao Yan No other sect dared to stare at them. After all, he was as strong as Xiao Yan, who used the strength of the four-star Fighting Immortal early stage to obliterate a sect. This kind of reputation and strength was enough to shock people.

"Myriad Fire Sect is now a firm foothold in the Central Territory, and I should complete the rest of my process." Xiao Yan's eyes became illusory, and he spoke slowly. Obviously, the current situation can be regarded as a relationship with Xiao. Yan expected the same, but Xiao Yan's time and tasks will become very heavy.

It is imminent to look for the traces of Undying Fire and Acacia, and even the news of Qidu Divine Soul Light.

"In a short while, I may have to go back to Doudi Continent." After a while, Xiao Yan opened his mouth. As soon as he finished speaking, his eyes turned to Huo Yi. After all, with the power of Wan Huo Sect, even Xiao Yan was alone. It is also a bit tricky to face, so Xiao Yan wants to try this Huo Yi attitude first.

"Hey, my lord, in our Myriad Fire Sect, there are many strong human beings, and being managed by Sir Xiao Yan, there are as many as ten four-star fighting immortals within the sect. With an order, the Ten Thousand Fire Sect will go up and down, and never give up!" Huo Yi saw Xiao Yan's appearance like this, and immediately laughed, Huo Yi also knew that the Ten Thousand Fire Sect could have such an appearance, it was because of Xiao Yan that he said this. These words were also very admirable for Xiao Yan, which came from the bottom of my heart.

"I am relieved to hear Sect Master Huo's words." Xiao Yan smiled lightly when he heard the words. Obviously, Huo Yi had no problem, so he was relieved.

"Xiao Gui, you and Menglan are right here... I have to go to the Lingyuan." Xiao Yan said while watching Xiao Gui and Luo Menglan loving each other.

"En." Luo Menglan nodded slightly and said immediately, but Xiao Gui knew that if his parents' affairs were not resolved in a day, his marriage would not be resolved.

"Master Xiao Yan is an eagle, and Li Hunyu can't stop him. I always feel that it was a wise choice for us to choose to follow him." As Xiao Yan left, the top executives of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect immediately came to mind. A trace of relief.

If it wasn't for the fact that the senior sect members chose to follow Xiao Yan, they would be the ones who would suffer now. Huo Yi was very glad that his choice was right, and he also firmly believed that following Xiao Yan would be enough to grow into an overlord in the future.

After Xiao Yan left the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, he secretly went to the depths of the Lingyuan. Before, the old ghost of Earth Spirit gave him a piece of paper, and when he came to the Lingyuan to burn the paper, he could call the old man over.

"Ling Yu has been interrogating for too long, otherwise, once Ling Feng finds out that his son's breath is in our hands, I'm afraid it will cause a lot of trouble." The Lord of Soul Eater said when he just arrived here.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and immediately knew the good intentions of the Soul Eater.

"Just here." On a mountain outside the sprawling city of Lingyuan, Xiao Yan gently took out a piece of paper, smeared with the dazzling soul power, and burned it directly. The smoke bypassed the city and headed upward, so it was like attracting some strong people.

I don't know why, when I destroyed the Qingyun Pavilion and led out the head of the spiritual house, the familiar fluctuations on the head of the house made Xiao Yan feel a little familiar. President Yan felt that the principal of the Spiritual Academy seemed to have some plans when he saw him, but he was not sure about it for a while.

"Xuuuu!" With a sound, the void squirmed, and the figure of the old earth slowly appeared here, which made Xiao Yan feel more cordial.

"Have everything been explained?" Di Lao just appeared, and asked with sleepy eyes, apparently just woke up.

"Well, everything about the sect has been explained, and Xiao Gui's injury and Meng Lan are temporarily settled there." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

"That's great, but remember..."

"Wan Huo Sect is different from ordinary sects. Their ancestors are all human beings in the human world. Now the strength of your ten thousand fire sect has greatly increased. Even if you bring it into the human world, it is still a strong force. When you need it, I'm afraid it can be a help for you, but don't forget it." Di Laodi said.

"Disciple now knows Xiao Yan's eyes lit up when he heard the words. Obviously, this is always on demand. After all, after he has solved the matter of the Soul Eater, he will definitely return to Doudi Continent. Entering the Doudi Continent, there are still many things that need to be done by oneself, and those things require a lot of strength, and this Myriad Fire Sect is undoubtedly one of his own strengths.

"After that day, Ling Feng went back to the underground courtyard and went to Ling Yu's residence to search, and found some auras similar to those of an alien race. Immediately, in combination with other information, Ling Yu's accusation of colluding with an alien race was confirmed."

"Now Lingfeng's position as headmaster has been evacuated and he is locked in the soul prison... But Lingfeng has a good personality, but he is too rigid and abides by the rules. Now that his son is accused of colluding with foreign evil races, he is also disheartened. This time, I'm afraid I'm going to hide in the mountains."

"The withdrawal of an upright Seven-Star Fighting Immortal powerhouse is probably also a loss for our Earth Spirit Academy." Di Lao said rather sadly.

"Sigh..." Xiao Yan sighed when he heard this, but Ling Yu's soul body has not been interrogated yet.

"Let's go, I'll take you to the dean, he seems to be looking for you for something," said the old man.

"Looking for me?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and suddenly became puzzled, what is the matter with this level of power looking for him?

As soon as he finished speaking, the void trembled, and the old man brought Xiao Yan into the core of the Spiritual Academy.