Chapter Vol 4 1617: The second floor, Dragon Blood Emperor!

When time passes, it will be ten days.

For ten days, the Soul Eater and the Ghost Queen were both discussing some details of the attack in the ghost graveyard, and Xiao Yan was naturally devouring the source of ghosts.

"Whoosh..."

"Is this the soul power of the late stage 'Tai Xu'?"

"Now, with my soul power, I also have enough confidence to set foot on the fifth-grade pharmacist of the Immortal Rank. It seems that I have to find a time to break through the pharmacist. After all, back on the Dou Emperor Continent, the many conveniences of the pharmacist are quite a lot. It's tempting." Xiao Yan laughed when he noticed that the three layers of spiritual palaces in his body shone dazzlingly at the same time.

Because this is the ghost world, Xiao Yan didn't want to be a thorn in the eyes of everyone, so he didn't expose his identity as a pharmacist with great fanfare, but it was different when he returned to Dou Di Continent. The many conveniences of a pharmacist would make Xiao Yan feel like walking on the ground.

Originally, Xiao Yan's soul power had reached the middle stage of "Tai Xu", but he only ignited the first floor of the Ling Palace, but now he has the source of ghosts given by the Queen of Ghosts, not only improving his soul power, but also the Ling Palace. The second and third floors were ignited.

Moreover, through the previous fight with the ghost queen, Xiao Yan understood that the majestic soul power in this spiritual palace is enough to form an extremely advantageous killer. Although Xiao Yan is not clear about it now, but with the guidance of the ghost queen, The use of the Spirit Palace is also becoming more and more proficient.

"almost."

"At such an age, he has reached the soul power of the late stage of 'Tai Xu'. This little guy is worthy of being a descendant of the Xiao family, but the things on his shoulders are not a minority. The road in the future is still long." Looking at Xiao Yan swallowed and vomited, the invisible soul power was constantly being operated by it, the Master of Soul Eater laughed, he could perceive that Xiao Yan's soul power was profound now.

"What the master said is very true." The Queen of Ghosts looked at Xiao Yan, and there was a hint of surprise under the veil. It was obvious that Xiao Yan was able to devour the source of ghosts so calmly. It made him slap his tongue secretly. After all, although the source of ghosts has eliminated the violent atmosphere under his control, it is not an easy task to swallow it.

"Teacher...Sister Lingchi." After the breath, Xiao Yan finished adjusting the breath in his body, and smiled slowly at the two of them. There was a hint of joy in his voice. After all, the power of the soul is the strongest in the world. If it weren't for the many opportunities that were difficult to cultivate, Xiao Yan's soul power would still be quite weak today.

"Since it's over, let's go, I'll leave the matter here to you." Glancing at the rather desolate area in the ghost cemetery, the Soul Eater said, obviously for those who can restore his origin. The thing is quite looking forward to. As long as he recovers his strength, then this battle between the two domains can be completely started. Otherwise, this battle can only be over. After all, the master of the soul of the eight-star fighting immortal level is the pinnacle of the Great Thousand World. General existence, characters of these levels, can definitely not rely on numbers to win.

"The entrance to the next floor is here." The Queen of Ghosts heard the words and performed the highest etiquette to the Soul Eater that seemed to be exclusive to their Soul Eater Domain. After a while, her fingers flicked, and a dark energy burst out of her body. Soaring into the sky, in this void, some rather obscure fluctuations are outlined.

"Crash!" The next moment, the void in front of everyone suddenly became illusory, and a dark channel suddenly appeared.

"Let's go." After the Master of Soul Eater finished speaking, it turned into a ray of light and poured into Xiao Yan's body.

"Senior Lingchi, farewell." Xiao Yan slowly clasped his fists to bid farewell to the ghost queen, and immediately stepped into the passage, disappeared into the ghost cemetery, and headed towards the second floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda.

"Little guy, it's a great blessing for you to be the master's disciple, but regarding the Xiao family, I'm afraid you still have a long way to go in the future."

"Because the Earth Spirit Pagoda has the mysterious power of the Chaos Element, I don't know where it will send you, but it is said that the things in the depths of the Earth Spirit Pagoda are fixed, I hope you have good luck..."

"I'm also going to complete the task that the master gave me." The voice just fell, and the place is returning to peace, but with the majestic soul power of the ghost queen, some obscure old masters of Soul Eater are also slowly After emerging, Soul Eater's attack on Li Soul Realm also slowly began to sound.

On the other side, he left the ghost graveyard and entered the space passage. In the dark void space, mysterious and unpredictable chaotic forces emerged, which made Xiao Yan quite vigilant. This is the space passage and the power of the chaos system. , Here, Xiao Yan's power is greatly limited, and he can only let the space power permeate, and Xiao Yan does not know where he can be teleported.

"Pfft!" With a sound, a sound like a broken crystal block emerged from the dark passage, and Xiao Yan's body was immediately pulled into it by a huge suction force at the edge of the space.

"The second floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda..." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, not resisting, just letting it pull, because Xiao Yan knew that the power of the Chaos Element was definitely not something he could do today. resistance.

"Xuuuu!" After a gloomy aura permeated, Xiao Yan's whole body immediately dissipated in the space channel and was completely replaced by a scene of a rather unfamiliar area.

"This is...where?" Just now, he was pulled by a mysterious force, causing a strong light to cover Xiao Yan's sight and perception. Now, with the disappearance of the strong light, Xiao Yan barely opened his eyes, and immediately lost his voice.

Here, it is a desolate area, barren mountains, forests and soil, indicating the danger here.

"This is……"

"Weng Om!" After a while, Xiao Yan raised his head, and the majestic soul power spread out like a spring, and immediately replaced all the appearances here.

Here is a huge landline with vast terrain, barren soil, decaying forest plants, it seems to be a special area that has been abandoned and forgotten.

"This is?"

"Dragon Land?" After Shun breathed, the voice of Soul Eater slowly opened, full of shock.

"Dragon Land?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but speak when he noticed the surprise of the Soul Eater. The next moment, when Xiao Yan's eyes were raised, a trace of shock appeared in his heart.

Above the void in the barren area, a dark red coffin slowly stood up, and around the coffin, a cyan dragon shadow with a body over a thousand feet in size was looming. The first transformation of the gods and the second transformation of the dragon gods were uncontrolled and directly displayed, as if they were under a fatal threat!