Chapter Vol 4 2079: Soaring firewood fit!

The latest website: "This Xiao Yan is really an out-and-out freak, to have made such a big move, no wonder even the ancestors in the clan praised the Xiao clan... but he is as arrogant as the Xiao clan. , why did it disappear so mysteriously?"

"Forget it, but Xiao Yan's move has undoubtedly attracted the attention of countless people. Their goals will be placed on him. Only by erasing Xiao Yan will they be eligible to compete for the first place."

"It's just that he can easily become the public enemy of everyone. After all, no matter how tyrannical Xiao Yan is, he will probably be extremely troublesome when facing an opponent with nearly a thousand people."

"Go to the depths to get the information first, and then join with Xiao Yan." Ling Zixi also noticed the big movement made by Xiao Yan, and said with a pouted mouth, but naturally there is no extra love for Xiao Yan. In order to help Xiao Yan, it can be regarded as a return for the Xiao family who helped them back then.

"Boom!"

"Thank you, human." Without the attack of the two leaders, the demon beasts, the remaining beasts were jealous, but they were guarded by Xiao Yan and did not dare to act rashly. Streaming light, the speed skyrocketed, and a harsh roar emerged, jumped directly to the top of the silver cloud, and went down the sky-high beam to the depths of the silver cloud.

"Hands up." Xiao Yan waved his hand towards the pure light ball, and the silver thundercloud cracked a gap, easily absorbing the origin of the wooden puppet demon, and a vicissitudes of heaven and earth energy swept in.

In an instant, the wooden puppet demon also successfully ascended, leaving only a stone-like body origin on the ground.

The main body contains the power of its origin wood attribute, but after the ascension, the main body cannot enter the demon world, so the main body and the original source are separated and left here, because the body is cultivated by the original source.

"Go to its station first, otherwise there will be too much movement here, and it will easily attract some contestants." After confirming the success of the wooden puppet demon's ascension, Xiao Yan gently put away the map and origin he had prepared, Follow the map's instructions and head towards the wooden puppet demon's residence. This is naturally to absorb its origin and completely control the two attributes. It is also to explore the new holy flame origin technique.

About an hour later, in a beautiful cave, Xiao Yan sat up slightly, looking at the precious medicinal materials growing everywhere in the cave, he couldn't help but exclaim, this level of treasure was actually enjoyed by the wood puppet demon alone, It was originally a supernatural being of heaven and earth. It used the wood attribute as its source, absorbed the endless essence of heaven and earth, and finally successfully ascended to the demon world.

"Damn it... I'm still missing the last medicinal material." After some searching, Xiao Yan couldn't help shaking his head and said, even though the medicinal materials here are extremely rich, Xiao Yan did not collect all of them.

"Forget it, let's absorb the source of the wood puppet demon first, and then search for it after the dual attributes are stabilized."

"Next, let's take a look at the new Holy Flame Origin Technique."

"Holy Flame Armor!" Xiao Yan arranged dozens of barrier formations inside and outside the entire cave, so Xiao Yan roared, and the surging power was vented.

The new Holy Flame Origin Technique combines the power of several Saint Flames. Xiao Yan can still use the origin technique of his own Saint Flame, but the new Holy Flame Origin Technique after fusion is undoubtedly more powerful!

"Boom!" As soon as the roaring voice fell, Xiao Yan only felt a burst of heat on his skin, and then pieces of gorgeous amber armor appeared attached, covered with delicate flame patterns, and even Xiao Yan Yan's entire body is completely protected and covered, and the feeling of great strength and heat is undoubtedly a real treasure.

"What a terrifying new holy flame's original technique." Feeling the incomparably hot and extreme energy of the holy flame armor, Xiao Yan also smiled with satisfaction. With this thing, his power has undoubtedly risen to a new level. Whether attacking or defending.

Moreover, Xiao Yan has an intuition. With the increase of the Dragon God Transformation and the Holy Flame Armor, his strength is no longer inferior to some ordinary Eight-star Fighting Immortals. With the addition of the fused fighting spirit and other means...

"Let's start." After sensing the thick armor on top of his skin, Xiao Yan just put it away, holding the origin left by the wooden puppet demon in his hand, and murmured, his voice was full of heat feeling.

There is indeed a subtle connection between the fire attribute and the wood attribute. If it can be successfully controlled, Xiao Yan's power will have a qualitative leap. After all, a strong man like Gu Yuan who controls the two attributes has already entered Tong Xuan. realm.

"Weng Om!" The palm swung, and a soft green light group shot out. It did not have any intelligence, it was like a green liquid lying quietly in front of Xiao Yan, but the extremely turbulent energy contained in it But it made Xiao Yan quite fiery, and suddenly in the sea of ​​vindictive energy in Xiao Yan's body, the wood-type Douhe, who had been quiet all along, seemed to have sensed this treasure of heaven and earth, trembling violently, and a wave of extreme greed emerged.

The so-called attribute, a normal human can only have one attribute in a lifetime, because the attribute penetrates into the limbs and bones like blood. If you want to control another attribute in the birth, the price and perseverance you need to pay is far beyond understanding.

"Quiet me!" Just when Xiao Yan was overjoyed, the fire-type Douhe burst out with an extremely fierce aura, trying to devour it. After all, one mountain does not allow two tigers, and the fire-type Douhe obviously felt a crisis. .

"Bhhhhh!" With a loud voice, the dazzling soul power directly vented out, suddenly suppressing the fire attribute bucket core, and the soft green light group was suddenly sucked into Xiao Yan's body like a light drink of nectar.

"Pfft!" Just after swallowing the body, it was full of vitality, running around in Xiao Yan's body. Obviously, the original power of this wood puppet demon is full of too much wood attribute origin, and wood attribute is the representative of vitality. One, so there is such an anomaly.

I saw Xiao Yan sitting cross-legged The whole body revealed a strange green light, the breath of the whole body was like the son of nature, endless vitality swept out, even some medicinal materials in the cave The growth rate has not consciously accelerated a lot.

"Kacha Kacha!" This kind of abnormality did not last long. After Xiao Yan filled the wood attribute aura into the limbs and bones in his body, he directly sent all the power of the source to the Dou Qi, sea wood attribute bucket core. In the almost empty Dou Qi sea, the sound of crystals shattering continued to sound.

Of course, there was Xiao Yan's terrifying scream. The pain of reawakening and controlling the wood attribute was no less than binding his soul and stabbing him with extremely sharp silver needles. In his mind, the heart-wrenching pain made his scalp tingle.

However, no matter how dangerous, Xiao Yan was slowly clenching his teeth. At that time, the wood-type fighting core in his body gradually became surging. Endless vitality lingered in Xiao Yan's blood, directly and the fire-type account standing on each other. In the sea of ​​fighting spirit, confrontation!

Like two equal opponents!