Chapter Vol 4 1982: chat! (Thanks to the Hulk Rewards)...

"Hehe, Senior Feng, don't be too busy to get angry." Feeling this terrifying power, Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and immediately the aura of holy flame emerged from his body, calming the atmosphere in the hall. Obviously, what Feng Wan'er said, did not Not unreasonable.

"Endless Fire Territory?"

"Without the Eight-Star Dou Xian or even Samsara, your power is as ridiculous as playing a family in the eyes of the powerhouses in Douyun Continent." Feng Wan'er sneered, and immediately stared at Xiao Yan.

"To tell the truth, our forces are indeed scarce in top combat power now, similar to the strong ones like senior..." Xiao Yan said, and there was also a feeling of thirst for talent in his voice.

Obviously Xiao Yan also knew that it was one thing to agree, and another to join.

"Hehe, Xiao Yan, although we've cleared up our past suspicions, don't you think I don't know what you've done to my beloved disciple?"

"Now that you're grief-stricken, don't you really think we'll join you?"

"There are many powerful people on Douyun Continent. You should have known when the guardian enchanted. Each of the seven ancient clans has an elder who touches reincarnation, and the Holy See has a multi-winged angel. Strength is definitely not something you can resist."

"I can't see any hope in the endless fire domain..."

"So listen to my advice, you should disband the Endless Fire Territory as soon as possible." Feng Wan'er shook her head, her voice was firm and unpleasant.

"You!" Mu Yingying and Cailin immediately frowned when they heard the words. Obviously, this was the first time someone had dared to disobey them in front of them, but because of the old man's terrifying strength, they could only mumble secretly.

"Senior's words are very... I wonder what senior's opinion is?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and the last trace of anger in his heart dissipated. Obviously, what Feng Wan'er said now is not without reason, and it is the biggest problem facing the Endless Fire Territory. Feng Wan'er actually said a word, making Xiao Yan feel a little ashamed.

"Haha, it's quite a bit bold." Feng Wan'er looked at Xiao Yan in surprise. She said such vicious words, but she didn't provoke Xiao Yan. It seems that this guy is far beyond her imagination. Also a true general.

"Senior please point me in the direction." Xiao Yan said respectfully.

"Be proactive."

"And now that the bodies of the deceased elders of the Yan Clan, Lei Clan and other races have been stolen, I am afraid that the Douyun Continent is also turbulent now. They are too busy and have no time to deal with you. This is your chance."

"As for the Headquarters of Endless Fire Territory, we old bones will take charge of you personally, but in terms of attack, we will not take action, you can only find another way." Feng Wan'er also secretly said after thinking for a while.

Now that the extremely serious situation and predicament have been broken, it is not good to lose their temper, otherwise they will really be homeless.

"Okay, I'm tired, let's go down and rest." After saying this, Feng Wan'er turned around, slowly shoved the jade staff, and tried to leave here.

"Senior, we will send you." If Xiao Yan realized something, he immediately placed the guardians in a rather obscure place in the temple. This kind of thing was listed as the top secret of the Endless Fire Domain, and there were very few people who knew it, so it was endless. The fire area is also quietly maintaining its order.

With the addition of Feng Wan'er's seven people, the two Samsara and the digital eight-star fighting immortals, Xiao Yan was completely relieved at the rear base camp, but the most serious difficulties at the moment were still waiting for Xiao Yan to deal with.

Time hurried, three days passed in a blink of an eye, and for three days, Xiao Yan and Cailin Mu Yingying did not distinguish between day and night. They did not do anything else, but told Xiao Yan all the countless things that had happened recently in the Endless Fire Territory. To make suggestions for the development of Endless Fire Territory, after all, Xiao Yan is the real Domain Lord of Endless Fire Territory.

And after listening to the development of Endless Fire Territory over the years, Xiao Yan also felt a trace of self-blame in his heart and couldn't help feeling guilty.

"Xun'er is probably in retreat in the forbidden area of ​​the ancient clan... I have inquired several times and tried to contact Gu Yuan, but they were all driven out by the people of the ancient clan. It seems that they did it on purpose."

"According to my guess, there may be something wrong with the ancients." In Xuanling Mountain, a quiet and elegant back mountain, in the pavilion, the three people of Cailin appeared here one after another, the corners of their mouths wriggled slightly, and said.

"The ancients are retreating in the forbidden area?" Xiao Yan frowned when he heard the words, obviously he had never heard of this.

"Xun'er..." Mu Yingying curled her lips slightly when she heard the words. Obviously, after hearing this sweet name, her delicate body was slightly shocked, and she was actually a little afraid of it.

After all, Mu Yingying also divided the love that was originally divided into two into three parts. From a woman's point of view, they were enemies.

"It's alright." Mu Yingying's subtle changes naturally couldn't escape Xiao Yan's perception, and she immediately put Mu Yingying's delicate body in her arms and comforted her.

"In a short while, I am afraid that one of the seven ancient races, the Medicine Clan will hold the Medicine Clan Holy Meeting to announce the supreme medicinal refining skills of the Medicine Clan to the world." After Shun breathed, Cailin said slightly.

"Medicine Clan Holy Meeting?" Xiao Yan murmured, and he had a headache for a while. It seemed that both the medicine refining technique and the battle formation master had stopped for a long time.

"The Medicine Clan Holy Meeting is a major event in Douyun Continent, you can go and participate, maybe you can find the information about the sorcery of the Soul Temple you mentioned earlier, and the Medicine Clan will also set up a large auction, there should be some Strange things." Cai Lin analyzed Xiao Yan like a housekeeper.

"Let's go." Mu Yingying raised her head again at this time, and said with a happy face.

"Oh, it's hard for you." Xiao Yan could only helplessly shake his head.

"Let's set off tomorrow. The Endless Fire Territory is protected by several guardians. There will be no major incident in a short time, but now it is probably the problem of Douyun Continent."

"Your top priority now is to go to the ancient clan to bring Xun'er back as soon as possible." Cailin said solemnly.

"Yep."

"By the way, is there any news about Senior Zhu Kun?" Xiao Yan nodded, but couldn't help but ask.

"No, it seems that no news about him has been found since Po Kong, but the soul power above the Soul Jade is still strong and should be fine." Cai Lin also shook his head, apparently ignorant of Zhu Kun's news.

"By the way, before you leave, remember to be careful with the Holy See." Mu Yingying reminded as if she had remembered something.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan asked.

"I don't know, the powerhouses in the Holy See have already suspected us of the fall of the traveling angel, but there is no conclusive evidence."

"And when I was sent to Haohai Continent, I heard that the Holy See's Son of Light seems to have some unreasonable thoughts about the ancient saints, but the specifics are not clear." Mu Yingying spoke intermittently, and these news were also heard by her. .

"Yep."

"I'm leaving tomorrow, I'll leave the Endless Fire Territory to you. When I bring Xun'er back, I'll start looking for a way to tear the plane and go home." Xiao Yan said with a hearty smile, his voice filled with a voice. Strong nostalgia.

"En." The two girls nodded.

"So have you decided? Who will serve the husband tonight?"

"Let's say, the two of you..." After taking a breath, Xiao Yan's cheeks turned out to be a bit of ecstasy.

"It's beautiful, Sister Cailin said, don't even think about it until Sister Xun'er comes back!" Just when Xiao Yan's body overflowed with energy and was about to put the two delicate people in his arms, the gazebo In the middle, only a rather playful and light voice was left.

"Oh... what are some aunts." Xiao Yan couldn't help complaining with black lines all over his head.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: