Chapter 157: Jiang family 2 people, escape from death!

"how so?"

"Did someone play tricks in secret?" Hu Du also asked.

"No, I have put all the suspects in this stronghold under house arrest, but I haven't asked why."

"I suspect that this is most likely a conspiracy." Wu Jiang also changed his smile and said solemnly.

After all, he manages this stronghold. This stronghold serves as the destination for receiving messengers, and is responsible for registering and testing new disciples.

This sudden disappearance of sixty-one people, because of Wu Jiang's calm personality, can't help but feel very difficult. After all, although he is not afraid of the families behind the missing disciples, these newcomers have disappeared from the site he managed, even he It is not easy to explain to the sect, let alone the families behind these missing newcomers.

This made Wu Jiang anxious.

When Hu Du heard the words, he was also extremely worried. After all, the greater the ability, the greater the responsibility. Moreover, if this matter is not resolved and the people above know it, then the friend of his life and death will be in trouble.

At this time, Hu Du also knew why he wanted to suppress this matter. Otherwise, once it became a big issue, it would not be good for anyone, but the top priority now is how to solve it.

"Have you searched for this base carefully?"

"Ferry to the square, including the residences of those missing?" Hu Du also rolled his eyes, thinking of a solution.

"I've searched for them. I personally went to check their residences and found nothing unusual." Wu Jiang also said.

Hearing this, Hu Du also frowned. If it is said that the strength of his brother, the Six-Star Dou Di, has not been found abnormal, then this matter is very strange.

"But you said that, the road from the ferry to the test square has not been inspected. After all, there are soldiers patrolling everywhere, and their quality is obvious to all, so there is no inspection." Wu Jiang also seemed to remember something, then said.

"Yeah!" Hu Du, who was originally worried after hearing this, also had his eyes lit up.

"go!"

"Go there and see! You can't let go of any place!" Hu Du also said.

"You arrived after a long journey, so let's take a break and talk about it later." Wu Jiang also said with concern.

"Go!" After Hu Du finished speaking, he took the lead and walked out.

Wu Jiang was also quite moved when he saw Hu Du, who was acting resolutely, because he also knew that so many people were missing.

Therefore, Hu Du's hurried actions on this trip are undoubtedly to help himself.

"I hope the two boys from the Jiang family are all right, otherwise it will be difficult for me to communicate with each other." After thinking about this, Wu Jiang also followed, and the two walked towards the path outside the square.

On the path from the ferry to the test plaza, it looked the same as usual, but under that path, it was a different scene.

A thousand meters below the path, there is another look.

Thousands of meters below the path, in a dark stone room, there is a cold pool in the center of the stone room, and there are many black figures standing beside the cold pool.

Looking at this place carefully, the cold pond is not big, only about a zhang in diameter, the water is dark black, and it looks very deep.

A black figure stood by the pool, looked at the water quietly, and suddenly asked, "How are things going?"

"It's almost there, all fifty-nine humans are asleep, as long as the time comes to throw them into the pool." A weaker figure stood up and said.

"Then there are two more?" The figure standing in the pool clearly said angrily.

"There are still two people who were caught, and they escaped..." The weaker figure also whispered.

"Trash!" After saying that, the figure standing by the pool opened his mouth wide, and the weak figure who just answered was directly swallowed by it.

After it was swallowed, there were no traces left, but the aura on the figure by the pool now grew a little bit stronger, making it look extraordinarily eerie and gloomy.

"Search for me!"

"Otherwise he will end!" After speaking, many figures under Chixia also moved.

"Selection of disciples, this time, you will definitely lose more than you gain!"

"Wuhuhu..." He muttered to himself while looking at the deep pool water.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

There are too many roads in this passage, extending in all directions. I saw two figures running fast in a tunnel, as if they were avoiding something.

One of the tall figures shouted loudly, and the wooden sword in his hand suddenly burst out with a powerful blue light, slashing down with a sword in the sky.

Immediately, the powerful sword energy instantly hit the wall of the passage, and a loud noise came, and the passage was also blocked by its fragments, but the fragments splashed several feet high.

Immediately afterwards, many figures were turned into countless black smoke by this terrifying sword, but the black gas also slowly emerged from the inside of the passage, and then condensed a black figure that was exactly the same as the original.

"Brother, what is this!" A protected figure also said.

"Shhhhh! Don't talk!"

"I feel that these things are not human!"

"Their aura is a little eerie..." The figure who had just split the sword energy also said.

It's strange to say that they came here to test, and after getting off the ferry, they were walking to the square when they suddenly fainted and woke up in this dark passage.

Thanks to their strong skills, they were not caught by those people, so they escaped as soon as they woke up. And this channel seems to be slowly swallowing their Dou Qi, so Dou Qi can't be used too much.

After the tall figure slashed out with a sword, he bit his right index finger, and threw his blood essence with terrifying power behind them viciously, and immediately pulled up his younger brother, who was weaker than himself, and started walking. At this time, I don't care if the source is damaged, otherwise if they are caught...

I saw that blood essence suddenly turned into a blue dragon, and instantly poured into the passage behind them. UU reading www.uukanshu. com

As soon as Canglong appeared in the passage, his power suddenly exploded, and the countless black smoke chasing after him also turned into thin strands and disappeared into the air.

However, the entire passageway shook violently.

Feeling this vibration, the figure by the pool also made some strange noises.

But just when he was puzzled, a black beam of light shot out from the bottom of the pool next to him, breaking through the suppression of the pool water and rushing into the mid-air of the stone chamber.

But as soon as the black beam of light rushed out of the bottom of the pool, it immediately gathered into a dazzling and even weirder black beam from all directions, and instantly forced the black beam of light back down.

"It's still early, don't worry..." The figure standing by the pool also said greedily.

The tall figure pulled the weak younger brother forward continuously.

I saw that his younger brother was surprised, and his mouth kept screaming.

And the tall figure followed the voice of his younger brother, and when he saw the two figures in front, his expression changed greatly, and he shouted to his younger brother, "Come on! Go back and tell Mr. Wu that this trial cannot start!"

After speaking, he pushed it out, and then blocked the passage.

Then one person took over the two people in front of him with two rays of light, one black and one white, and the two rays of light swept away wildly, slashing the tall figure.

At this time, the man next to Hanchi took off his disguise, and it turned into a black gas, and then formed a black figure, very gloomy, like a ghost.

Ask for a monthly pass for a recommendation!