Chapter Vol 4 2264: Mysterious Ghost Domain, Deep Sea Demon Whale?

"Boom!"

In the vast space passage, nearly an hour's leap, everyone came to the destination together.

outside the territory.

According to the information given to them by Demon Executioner Leng Luochen, this is a special place in the outer territories called Xuangui Territory.

The land here is full of corpses and broken weapons. It is obviously a battlefield that has undergone fierce confrontation. The land and space are all morbidly gray, and the dry blood is particularly eye-catching. Moreover, in this world, The whole body is dark and dim, there is no sunlight or temperature to speak of.

In the dark and gloomy world outside the realm, the dark red light falls from the sky like a meteorite. Every time it whistles, there are actually sticky black shadows coming out of you. Under the invasion of these forces, even the void turns into nothingness.

Those black shadows are raging, as if searching for food, and the sound made invisibly is simply appalling!

"Brother Xiao Yan."

Everyone came to this land easily, and quietly set foot on the barren land. Xun'er held Xiao Yan tightly in the palm of his hand, leaning against each other, and his eyes were constantly alert to this world.

Anxiety, heart palpitations, fear, unknown, all kinds of senses are mixed together, making these proud sons feel an inexplicable irritability.

"This mysterious ghost realm is really dangerous."

Xiao Yan displayed the glazed glaze and used his holy flame power and Kun Lao's majestic soul power to temporarily isolate this extraterritorial space to prevent it from being discovered by the real supreme beings of the extraterritorial evil clan, and then looked around. Those terrifying shadows in the void, their eyes are dignified.

This kind of place is already considered to be the core place in the outside world. Even if it is some ordinary double reincarnation rank, terror will stay here forever, not to mention their group of people, whose strength is spread all over the reincarnation rank and the first reincarnation rank.

"According to the information, in the high sky of this void, is Senior Zhou Yuan, where the 'Wufu' is located."

"In addition to the fighting skills at the level of the Great Forbidden Technique, there are countless rare and precious treasures in the Wufu." Before everyone's eyes were completely lost, several Heaven's Chosen with Samsara strength hurriedly got up, and the speed skyrocketed. Towards this unknown space swept away.

In the dark and gloomy space, a huge and boundless mansion stands in the sky, surrounded by an unknown and terrifying force, under this force, even the evil forces in this space send out a burst of fear.

And looking at it intently, the void around the mansion actually has a very serious sense of shattering, it seems that under that inexplicable force, the whole world is shaking.

"Sisi!"

Xiao Yan stared at the mansion surrounded by mysterious power in the distance, couldn't help but gasped, and his body became tense uncontrollably.

With his soul power, he couldn't explore this mansion?

Moreover, once the soul power touches the surrounding of the Taoist mansion, it seems to be absorbed by a bottomless black hole, and a sense of fear and horrific fear emerges.

A handwriting of this level is worthy of being the Demon Slayer in the Great Thousand Palaces! stay!

"Don't go there, come back to me!"

"Be careful and scare the snake!"

Before Xiao Yan could find a way to break the situation, the figures of a few eager sons turned into black shadows and immediately overflowed.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and the majestic soul power poured out like a tide, covering the figures of everyone who was waiting for an opportunity.

In normal times, Xiao Yan would never care about the lives of these people, but this time was different. This time, he was facing a foreigner, a common enemy of the world.

Moreover, this is the base camp outside the territory. The mansion of the Demon Slayer King Zhou Yuan's predecessors is actually placed like this. This is obviously unreasonable, and there are many doubts!

"Damn!"

"Go and chase them back!"

"Among the extraterritorial evil races, in addition to the basic one hundred and eight royal families, there are also seventeen holy races. The seventeen holy races are all super races with red king ranks."

"Now the mysterious ghost clan in this realm has been destroyed by Lord Zhou Yuan, but after countless reincarnations, no one can say whether there will be a new race to replace it."

Xiao Yan explained that he kept looking at the void around the dozens of figures, as if this place gave him a very strong pressure.

"Shabu Shabu!"

Although many people are extremely jealous of Xiao Yan, in this special area, they can only do the same.

"What should we do now?"

Feng Qin, Xuan Fengzi and the others agreed with Xiao Yan's point of view, hurried over, and then said with a puzzled expression.

Obviously at this time, rather than acting alone, it is more suitable to form a group to make fire.

"Respond to all changes with immobility."

"We need more intelligence."

"And the Wufu is so strangely suspended in the mid-air of this world. It's too weird."

Xiao Yan shook his head, always feeling that this was a trap.

"This feeling... It seems that someone deliberately used the Martial House as a bait to attract people?" Xun'er's beautiful eyes flowed, and Samsara Yin squirmled and exclaimed.

"Boom!"

The sound had not yet landed, and the void in the distance was directly pierced by black shadows, and the entire sky suddenly became a little deeper.

"Ah ah ah."

A heart-piercing roar filled the world, and everyone's eyes couldn't help being attracted to it. Following that, there was a tremor originating from the depths of the soul, and the scalp was numb!

At the beginning, the few arrogant sons who tried to approach the Wufu mansion did not have any strength to fight back, and the entire body was pierced by a dark shadow.

The bright red blood dripped down, which was extremely harsh in this quiet Profound Ghost Realm, and everyone could clearly feel that their lives were rapidly weakening!

The strength of the three people who acted rashly is all about the reincarnation level, and they were killed by their shadow with such a blow, and they didn't even have any strength to fight back!

Seeing this, everyone couldn't help but tremble violently. Behind the shadow, there seemed to be a giant creature with dark cracks, and those cracks were like carefully carved dragon patterns!

"go!!!"

The three people whose lives were fading quickly took their last breaths looked at the black shadow in front of them with resentment, and immediately roared at Xiao Yan and the others in the distance.

"Crack."

There was no life, and the three bodies were immediately swallowed by a **** mouth, and they began to chew.

"This……"

This harsh chewing sound deeply pierced the heartstrings of the strong present.

Even if they knew that the trip to the Wufu was by no means easy, the gap at this level was too huge!

Of course, they are all the favored sons of the heavens, and naturally they will not blame the Demon Slayer King Leng Luochen. After all, this kind of opportunity is a life-and-death existence, and they clearly understand this.

"Brother Xiao Yan, let's go!"

"This guy's strength is probably not something we can handle."

"And this is still outside the territory. Our top priority should be to enter the Wufu. The golden paper that Leng Luochen gave you should allow us to enter it."

Xun'er's body was covered with golden flames, and she immediately looked at Xiao Yan with a serious face.

"Wait...is this?"

"Deep Sea Demon Whale Clan?"

When Xiao Yan turned his gaze towards the black figure of the huge monster in front of him, a rare excitement filled his pupils, and he lost his voice.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: