Chapter 169: In Yu Mufeng, the mysterious cold pool!

"Where is this?" Xiao Yan was also shocked by this sudden scene. He was just about to lie down to rest, but unexpectedly, he came to this dark place after his master, the Golden Dragon King, gave a startled shout.

Looking around, in the pitch-black space, he seemed to be lying on a stone bed.

But it's too late to be surprised. The huge soul power is covered in all directions. The first thing to figure out is where it is.

"Master, this is..." Xiao Yan also asked in his heart.

"This seems to be an underground world, and the ghosts are also very dignified. In short, be careful." The voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King, also sounded.

In Xiao Yan's perception, this place seems to be a huge underground world with intricate passages extending in all directions.

"I don't know why the people above are arresting so many people. The people above said that the previous batch of people is still not enough, and they have to arrest some more."

"But this time, I have taken so many people, so I'm not afraid of attracting the attention of the senior officials of Xuan Santian, but..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But these are not things that we need to worry about. This time I found someone who lives in the Tianzi room. The person who can live in the Tianzi room is..." An illusory voice was also heard by Xiao Yan.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan was also thinking quickly, the unknown world is still unstoppable, and it is better to wait for the opportunity to move. Xiao Yan also closed his eyes when he had a plan.

"Hey, why is the strength of the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor also living in the Tianzi room, the people who were captured before living in the Tianzi room are at least the strength of the four-star Dou Emperor, are these humans mistaken?" A shadow also walked into the stone bed and sensed Xiao Yan.

It is more appropriate to say that it is walking, rather than floating, because the shadow is floating in the air, and it has no feet at all!

Just when the shadow sensed Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan also felt that the shadow's aura was gloomy and strange, which was not like the aura of a human being or an alien race at all.

The aura of the shadow in front of him seems to be quite similar to his own master, the Golden Dragon King, who is in a state of soul...

"It's actually a ghost!" The Golden Dragon King's voice also sounded solemnly in Xiao Yan's mind.

"A ghost?" Xiao Yan also frowned.

"Yes, ghost!"

"It's the creatures in the ghost world. The aura of the creatures in the ghost world is known for being eerie and eerie, and it's quite troublesome once the ghost aura enters the body."

"Anyway, be careful." The Golden Dragon King also said solemnly.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also agreed, and then he was extremely shocked, but he didn't have too many needles, and lay quietly on the stone bed.

"Take this human over there." After the black shadow finished speaking, several figures appeared like the living dead. They had the same body as a human walking on land, but strangely, their eyes were eclipsed.

"Tick tock."

The low sound of water droplets is also very noticeable in this dim passage.

After a while, Xiao Yan was carried to a bright stone room. There was a cold pool in the stone room, and there were many human beings who looked like him!

"Why is he here too?" Xiao Yan was gently put down, and the huge soul force had been quietly investigating since he came here, and found that there was a little Taoist priest wearing a Taoist robe beside him.

It was the person he met in the teahouse before, it seemed that his name was Mu Feng.

The dao-robed boy also seemed to find another person beside him. Immediately, he moved his fingers. Once there was a faint light, it flew towards Xiao Yan from his fingers.

"You also said, it's very dangerous here." A small light came to Xiao Yan, and a voice also appeared in Xiao Yan's mind.

"It's really amazing to carry the sound with strength..." Xiao Yan was too busy to be amazed, and then a beam of light faintly moved towards Mu Feng.

"I don't know, I didn't know why I came here while I was still sleeping in bed." Xiao Yan also said what he meant.

"Wait a while, I'll take you away..." Mu Feng also confidently conveyed the message to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan did not continue to transmit the information after receiving the information, after all, if it was discovered.

"How's the preparation going?" Not long after, a shadowy figure also said in Han Chi.

"With these people, there are a total of 100 people, so it should be fine." There was a voice that came from nowhere, but it was also respectful.

"Humph!"

"Mere human beings, this time I will let you know the name of our ghost world."

"Hahaha!" The ghostly aura of the figure standing beside Han Chi also became more and more solid, and under Xiao Yan's perception, this black figure's strength seemed to be less than Hu Dulai's.

The shadow stayed for a while, then left the stone room, and the whole stone room returned to silence.

"Let's go!" When I heard Xiao Yan, I got up immediately, and Mu Feng also got up after finishing speaking.

"Damn, what is this?" Xiao Yan came to the door of the stone room, but found that there was an invisible force blocking this place, and he couldn't get out!

"Look at me!"

"Yin and Yang and the Five Elements, all things come together!"

"Hidden!" Mu Feng chanted some strange incantations, and after Mu Feng finished chanting, Xiao Yan and his body also became illusory.

"Don't worry, this is only temporary." Mu Feng also saw that Xiao Yan's expression was wrong and said.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he also had a new understanding of this Mu Feng, such a powerful method obviously often dealt with this ghost.

After doing all this, Mu Feng also walked slowly to the cold pond and looked at the place carefully.

In the stone room, except for some comatose peers, this is the cold pool. The cold pool is not big, only about a zhang in diameter. The water is dark and dark, and it looks very deep.

Xiao Yan stood by the pool, looked at the pool silently, and suddenly asked, "Don't you think there is something strange about this cold pool?"

Hearing this, Mu Feng calmed down and looked at Han Chi, as if thinking about something.

At this time, Mu Feng took a step back, with his hands making strange handprints on his chest, his feet moved slightly, and he said something in a few steps.

After a while, he suddenly opened his mouth and said, "Yin and yang and the five elements, the universe is transformed, the magic eye, open!" When the words fell, he saw two strange lights shot out of his eyes, which instantly shot straight into the cold pool, which was extremely mysterious.

Mu Feng said with a surprised expression: "According to the results of my investigation, the gloomy and ghostly auras at the bottom of this pond are very powerful. It seems that there are some powerful ghosts hidden, so be careful."

"And there is an eye of a cold spring at the bottom of this pond. There is a jade talisman in the spring, and it seems that some cracks have already formed. Looking at that appearance, I am afraid it is caused by suppressing this powerful ghost, maybe because of a long time. , has been eroded by that ghostly energy, and is slowly shattering."

Xiao Yan frowned when he heard the words. He also detected the situation that Mu Feng said under the perception of soul power.

But more importantly, he also found that there was a seal in the eye of the yin spring at the bottom of the pond, and the gloomy ghost inside it was growing rapidly, and its speed was astonishing.

It seems that he is trying to charge up to attack this seal!

Next to the Eye of Yinquan, there is an irregular groove. It seems that there should be something there before, but unfortunately there is no more.

Ask for a subscription and ask for a monthly pass!