Chapter 208: Yu Hui 2 brothers escaped!

In fact, the strength of the silver blue thunder wolf king is also tyrannical, but he was defeated so quickly when he encountered the azure flame.

The weak blue flame separated from the "Sky Fire Jade", and then went towards the silver Cang Thunder Wolf King!

In an instant, he attacked the silver blue thunder wolf king, and then the huge thunder net of "Thunder Punishment of a Thousand Rains" launched by the silver blue thunder wolf king disappeared out of thin air!

It's no wonder that the silver blue thunder wolf king suddenly stopped his hand, because that azure blue flame made it feel the wave like death!

The Silver Canglei Wolf King is now at a stalemate with the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger. Although the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger's "Heavenly Fire Jade" attack is very powerful, the Silver Canglei Wolf King is also confident that he can compete with the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger. Canglei Wolf King underestimated the flame power of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger!

That seemingly weak blue flame just came to the body of the silver Canglei Wolf King when he was young. The Thunder Wolf King had to stop the offensive in his hand and concentrate on dealing with the damage caused by this blue flame.

Although it is not clear what the blue flame is, judging from the ferocious expression on the silver blue wolf king's face, the damage caused by this blue flame is in no way inferior to the attack of the "Sky Fire Jade" in his body!

"It is absolutely impossible for ordinary flames to have such terrifying destructive power. As for Xiao Yan's powerful abnormal fire, it is also impossible to have such powerful destructive power. In this case, it can only be that kind of thing..." Silver Canglei The wolf king quickly calculated in his mind that although it was summoned to control its mind, it did not mean that it lost its own thinking. It just obeyed the summoner's orders to fight, but many instincts were still retained.

Thinking of that kind of thing, the one eye of the silver blue thunder wolf king became frightened, and only that kind of thing has such terrifying power!

The silver blue thunder wolf king's body was turned upside down by the tiny blue flame, so the thunder all over his body also moved towards the body, trying to get rid of the naughty blue flame.

The thunder in the sky was taken into the body by the silver blue thunder wolf king and went madly against the blue flame. Under the destructive power of the thunder, the blue flame finally disappeared. After all, this blue flame is only Mu Yingying. It is distributed to the Heavenly Fire Holy Tiger to absorb, so the power is naturally much smaller.

The **** blue flame was resolved, and just as the Silver Thunder Wolf King was preparing to attack the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger in a cohesive offensive, the Silver Blue Thunder Wolf King seemed to remember that the "Sky Fire Jade" in mid-air was still there, and his own "Thunderbolt" was still there. Punishment of a thousand rains" was dismissed by himself because the tiny blue flame invaded his body!

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying flame energy exploded from the "Sky Fire Jade", and then heavily attacked the body of the silver blue thunder wolf king!

Suddenly, the angry roar of the wolf king filled the sky.

In the sky at this time, since it was only the sudden stop of the attack of the silver blue thunder wolf king, the situation also showed a one-sided form.

On the body of the silver blue thunder wolf king, the flames of the sky attached to it, and the body with many wounds became more sensitive and painful under the action of the hot temperature!

The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was like a king at this time, and a terrifying aura emanated from his body. Facing the silver blue thunder wolf king, the strong should have due respect for the strong.

The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was also suddenly covered in flames, and then the speed was increased to the extreme, and it flew towards the silver Canglei Wolf King!

"Bang bang bang!" The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger turned into an extremely sharp scabbard, piercing through the scarred silver Cang Thunder Wolf!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger is a one-hit kill!

No one can challenge its dignity as the king of beasts in the eastern part of the corpse forest!

At this moment, what the silver blue wolf king has in his one eye is only a strong thirst for war, and he is full of hatred at this time!

It is not that it hates the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, it hates being summoned by Yu Hui and Yu Jing, two people who are greedy for life and fear of death. Although it is its mistake to underestimate the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, it is also one of the few powerhouses in the wolf clan. Disappointed!

"Ow!" Even if his body was so seriously injured, the Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King roared unwillingly!

"Damn it!" Yu Hui also scolded secretly, and then watched Mu Yingying, who was swinging her slender legs back and forth on the branches in the distance, swallowed a mouthful of saliva. Those slender legs and rosy cherry lips, if she could... …

This time, I came to challenge Mu Yingying. Although it is said that the competition for the first place is the most important, there are also some other meanings in it. After all, love for Jiangshan is more for beauty.

And so beautiful, it would be impossible for the two of them to have no evil thoughts.

Then Yu Hui and Yu Jing were not procrastinators, so they had to let go of the evil thoughts in their hearts, and then saw the silver Canglei Wolf King above the sky suffered such a powerful attack by the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, and the breath became weaker and weaker, and it was also known that With this ending, the two looked at each other.

"Go!" After speaking, the two turned into a meteor and escaped.

Mu Yingying also smiled: "If you run fast, otherwise you will lose more than just points."

The silver bell-like voice was full of killing intent, because from the way the two of them looked at her before, they knew that neither of them were serious people.

As Mu Yingying's words just fell, a conspicuous text was projected in front of her from the token in her arms.

"The 10th place Yu Hui and the 21st place Yu Jing challenged the first place Mu Yingying and lost!"

At the same time, the same scene appeared in front of the countless people remaining in the Infernal Corpse Forest.

The three people who walked towards the battlefield on the second floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, a young man with a heavy ruler on his back also looked at the shocking words in front of him, thought for a moment, and then seemed to be thinking about something.

He paused for a while After looking at the information on Mu Yingying who was ranked number one, there was no change, and there was a trace of fiery in his eyes.

"Follow me!" As he said that, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire also appeared in his hand, and an extremely hot feeling spread throughout his body.

"Um?"

"Xiao Yan, where are you going?" Mu Feng also said with a puzzled look.

"Could it be..." Yueru also looked at the first place on the token and murmured.

When the words fell, the two of them turned into a meteor and followed Xiao Yan.

In the battlefield, the figure of the silver blue thunder wolf king is also gradually illusory, as if it can disappear at any time.

"Big Tiger, you did a good job this time!" Mu Yingying also quickly came to the figure of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, stroking the fluff on the snow-white forehead of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger. It was fluffy here, and Mu Yingying's pink palms were also fond of it.

"This friend is still showing mercy." A silent voice also appeared in this sky.

As soon as the voice fell, a handsome man with a white figure appeared in front of Mu Yingying and Tianhuo Shenghu.

"Ow!" The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also guarded Mu Yingying behind him vigilantly, and then stared blankly at the handsome man in front of him. It felt an unheard of death smell from the man in front of him.

Mu Yingying on the side also raised her eyebrows slightly, her egg-like smile also became serious, and an invisible wave emanated from the handsome man in front of her!

Ask for a ticket~