Chapter 654: 4th foot: Sky-shattering ruler!

"Light, he should have fallen into our skylight curtain road. Although it is extremely difficult to integrate this life force, we still succeeded."

"I am afraid that we are the number one existence in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion." Dark Crow buried his forehead in Guanglu's embrace, and said softly.

"Don't worry, Li Li, after this sect competition is over, I will go back and get married with you." Guang Lu's eyes seemed to have decided something, and he opened his mouth slightly.

With the reassurance of the light path, Anli also nodded slightly, and then gently released the light path.

"This Xiao Yan is bound by our life force fusion technique, I'm afraid he won't be able to wake up in a short time. After all, the two of us fusion technique is not a joke." Guanglu also loosened his shoulders and stared at the bright The huge light curtain shrouded in the sky light curtain road!

At this time, during the battle, the figures of several thousand feet were instantly moved away by the light path, and Xiao Yan was shrouded in the entire sky light curtain road!

Xiao Yan's situation at this time is extremely bad. After all, when he first came into contact with the Sky Light Curtain Road, an irresistible coercion came instantly. Just as Xiao Yan was about to leave and retreat, he discovered that there were places along the Sky Light Curtain Road. Wherever I walked, the grass and trees were all ashes!

A feeling of unease is even stronger!

"No, this goes on..." Xiao Yan's eyes twitched slightly, and he really didn't think about the fusion technique of Light Path and Anli's Life Force.

"Emperor Yan!" With a cold snort, the splendid Emperor Yan immediately appeared all over his body, and then his eyes were full of solemnity. Facing this light curtain road, even Xiao Yan had to treat it with dignity!

Light Road and Anli two people's life force fusion technology has just been born, it is like a snow-white color, straight from the front of the two, walking slowly, everywhere along the way, is full of boundless endless The strange smell!

"Break it for me!" Emperor Xiao Yan added his body to Yan, as if Emperor Yan had descended, with hot sparks flashing in his eyes, he suddenly opened his mouth, and a series of attacks in his hands suddenly attacked the Tianguang Curtain Road!

"Shabu Shabu!" The Tianguang Curtain Road attacked Xiao Yan so terribly, as if it didn't shake at all, and still attacked Xiao Yan relentlessly!

"Quiet!" The sky light curtain covered the space where Xiao Yan was at the next moment, Xiao Yan only felt an indescribable pressure coming, and then the whole person became sluggish!

Even the space around you has become illusory!

"Bastard, what is this!" Xiao Yan was shocked when he saw this. This situation has never happened before.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After being surprised for a while, Xiao Yan also recovered his calm.

"What is this place?" Xiao Yan's first impression was this.

Because in Xiao Yan's perception, this is a place without any power fluctuations!

In a space that seems to exist like an insulator, here, Xiao Yan's strength is strong, and I am afraid that it is only the physical strength of a normal human being. As for fighting qi and soul strength, it seems that he can't use it at all.

"No need to struggle, this is our energy fusion technique, the Skylight Curtain Road."

"On the Skylight Curtain Road, unless your strength exceeds my level two, you can't break free from this bondage."

"In this bondage, you will lose all your power, as if you have returned to the most primitive human beings. This is the horror of our Tianguang Curtain Road." Xiao Yan just realized that something was bad, and immediately Guanglu and Anli were separated. The figure slowly appeared in the different space shrouded by the skylight curtain road!

"Damn, I didn't expect you two to have such a terrifying means, it's really a miscalculation." Xiao Yan was enveloped by the strange power of the sky light curtain road, and found that it was indeed as the light road said, no matter how Xiao Yan tried to think of a way, after all, it can't be mobilized. The fighting spirit and soul power in the body seemed to be isolated by the mysterious power of this Tianguang Curtain Road.

"Originally, this thing was prepared for Senior Brother Didian, but I didn't expect it to be used on you today."

"But forget it, this is the end of the matter, let's make a move to decide the outcome." After Guang Lu finished speaking, he suddenly rushed into the air, as if the two of them were not affected by this strange power at all.

"Xiao Yan, I have to say, you are very strong, but this is the end!" Guanglu shouted in the sky, and the power of the seventh-grade life was born in an instant, and the substantive power of white life contained extremely terrifying fluctuations.

Guanglu was high and below zero, staring at Xiao Yan like a ruin.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan naturally felt a sense of unease from this Guanglu body, but Xiao Yan did not panic, but the ancient ruler of strange fire on the palm of his hand was slightly controlled in the palm of his hand.

Because at this time Xiao Yan had a bold idea in his heart!

There is a lot of Emperor Yan's power remaining on this Yihuo Heng ancient ruler. Even if Xiao Yan can't use his vindictive energy and soul power, he can still rely on the remaining emperor's flame power on the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler to activate once attack!

It's just that this opportunity is only one time, so Xiao Yan must also seize it!

In the dazzling white strange sky light curtain road, Xiao Yan's figure is at the bottom, under the cover of this strange force, he can't move a bit. It was staring at Xiao Yan.

"I can feel that you are a very powerful alchemist, whose rank will definitely not be lower than mine, and your soul power is stronger than mine."

"How about it, are you interested in joining my empire and his empire, so that you will have no worries in the future." There is a trace of fiery in Anli's beautiful eyes, and his fiancé Guanglu will definitely be the ruler of a country in the future. Yan, is tantamount to adding an unlimited powerhouse in the future!

At such an age, he possesses such terrifying soul power, and his future achievements may be limitless!

"..." Xiao Yan's head was covered in black lines light curtain! "Guanglu's attack has been brewed, and immediately above that palm, the dazzling energy of life suddenly gathered, and then slammed down on Xiao Yan, an irresistible terrifying wave was born in an instant.

"Light, such a terrifying attack, will it be too..." Guanglu's attack had just been shot, and suddenly the strange space shrouded in the fusion of their two life forces shook slightly.

"I always feel that this kid is not so simple..."

"Let's take a look at it first, it really doesn't work and you have it. I'm very measured in my attacks." Guanglu shook his head and said.

"It's good to come!" The terrifying attack was like a huge light curtain, blasting directly at Xiao Yan with a terrifying aura that destroyed everything!

"The fourth level of the seven-layered sky-shattering ruler, the sky-shattering ruler!" Xiao Yan's illusory and drifting eyes suddenly burst into a violent strangeness, and then the strange-fire eternal ancient ruler in his hand shook, making a pleasant vibration!

"Sky-shattering Ruler!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and immediately above the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler, a splendid flame that was extremely dazzling was born in an instant, and the uncontrollable attack on Guanglu roared away!

Even under the shroud of the strange power of this terrifying Skylight Curtain Road, it still carried the wave of destruction, viciously slammed into the huge attack of the Light Road!

"Boom boom boom!" Terrifying fluctuations spread everywhere.

As for other places, the figures of Xiong Yuan and Mu Yingying also came slowly.

Ask for tickets!