Chapter Vol 4 1014: turn on

"That's the leader of the Xuanling royal family..."

"What are you doing in Datianzhongtian... It's really strong." Xiao Yan and his party just landed on the ground, and Xiao Yan secretly looked at the gray-clothed Tiangan, but what surprised Xiao Yan the most was the discovery , even with his current level of soul power, he still can't see through this guy.

"This guy should have some means to hide his breath."

"But according to my guess, this guy should be the most dangerous existence in the Xuanling royal family."

"Moreover, he probably also has the existence of a foreign evil clan." Mu Tianyuan, the senior brother on the side, whispered to Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"After a while, I will enter the Land of Sacred Flames and act according to chance. I always feel that the Land of Sacred Flames is not so simple." Xiao Yan slowly stared at the fiery space, shook his head and said.

"It's very wrong, as if something has eroded this land of holy flames." Mu Yingying also frowned and said slowly.

And just when the people in the Burning Incense Pavilion settled down, the figure of the Xuanling Royal Family was also moving.

"Everyone, I am the heavenly stem of the Xuanling royal family."

"Since everyone has come here, it is enough to show that everyone is a powerful person."

"Now the land of holy flame is within easy reach, we need all of us strong to join hands to open the seal, everyone, please." Tiangan said slowly.

As soon as Tiangan's voice fell, there was a commotion among the other forces. Tiangan saw this and did not intervene too much, but lay calmly in the sky.

"The powerhouses above the late Seven Star Dou Emperor, follow me and break the seal!" As the commotion calmed down, Tian Gan Zai Du said something.

As soon as Tiangan's voice fell, many figures flew away directly towards the sky. They were all leaders in their respective super sects. Although they did not have a good impression of the Xuanling royal family, they joined forces to open the seal. Things that must be done.

"Senior Brother, don't use your full strength for a while." Just as Mu Tianyuan and the others swept towards the sky, Xiao Yan's soul power was directly transmitted to the minds of the seven people in the Heavenly Palace.

Although the seven people in the Heavenly Palace were puzzled, they nodded slightly out of trust in Xiao Yan.

"very good."

"Everyone, let's do it."

"Take your strength against the seal and attack, and I will naturally handle other things." Tian Gan said slightly, looking at the many strong people around him.

"Come on the sword!"

"Ancient Huangli!"

"..." As Tiangan's voice just fell, a burst of dazzling power suddenly emerged from the strong people around him.

"It's good to come!"

"Break it for me!" And Tiangan looked at such a turbulent power, and smiled slightly at the corner of his mouth. A force of life and death was slowly born in his body, suddenly converged with the huge group of power, and then directly hit the fiery space. And go!

"damn it……"

"This guy has actually reached the level of an eight-star fighting emperor..." And the powerhouses present at this time, at least one of the top powerhouses in their respective sects, still couldn't help but see the power of life and death on Tiangan's body. surprised.

"Boom boom boom!" The attack that gathered everyone's strength was very comparable to human beings. In a short period of time, it caused this space to vibrate slightly, and then under the gaze of many eyes, it hit the hot space with a bang.

"Bang bang bang!" Just as the gigantic light of power hit the fiery space, waves of fiery fire suddenly radiated from it.

"Go back, you just need to wait." Tiangan watched the fiery space gradually weaken under such a huge force, and then said something to the many strong people around him.

As soon as the words fell, these strong men suddenly returned to the sect forces without saying much.

"The entrance to the Land of Holy Flame is about to be opened." At this time, Yan Chi's eyes became solemn.

"I'm going too." Mu Yingying said to Xiao Yan.

"No, if it's too dangerous, you just stay here with the big army." As soon as Mu Yingying finished speaking, Xiao Yan and Yan Chi said in unison.

"I don't care, I'm going."

"My holy flame told me that there seems to be something inside that needs it." Mu Yingying bit her lip and said slowly.

"What's going on?" Just as Xiao Yan was about to say something, a white piece of soul light in the depths of his soul realm surged.

This thing is the Holy Flame Soul Seed that he obtained in the Yin Corpse Forest. According to his uncle, the Golden Dragon King, it is flaming, and its function is to save the Holy Flame, but Xiao Yan so far has not Nothing specific happened.

And when this holy flame soul was surging, the extremely evil aura on Yan Chi's body slowly disappeared, but even Xiao Yan didn't notice it.

"Go in for a while and follow me closely!" Xiao Yan frowned as he looked at Mu Yingying who was so stubborn, and said.

"I also need to go."

"I want to clarify the matter of Yintong, and let Fentian tell the truth." Yanchi seemed to be worried that Mu Yingying would go into it, and immediately said.

"After a while, Xiao Yan, Elder Yan, Mu Yingying and the seven people from our Heavenly Palace entered it, and the other powerhouses were here to be on guard."

"Although there are many strong people who have entered the land of holy flames, in order to prevent the Xuanling royal family from secretly attacking our Fenxiang Pavilion we still need to keep some strong people." Man, Mu Tianyuan also said slowly.

"Everything is according to what the senior brother said." In the face of the arrangement of the senior brother Mu Tianyuan, there was no one in the entire sect who objected.

"The entrance to the land of holy flames... Open soon." After everyone made a decision, the two forces that were stalemate in the sky finally shattered with a few "bang bang bang" sounds, and with the two forces When the power was broken, the entire space was suddenly filled with an abnormally violent flame power.

But in addition to that, an astonishing huge vortex suddenly appeared in front of everyone!

"The entrance to the Land of Holy Flame is open!"

"Hahaha!"

"Come on for me!"

"Holy flame is mine!" A loud laughter echoed in this space.

"Seven-star Dou Di powerhouse, you can enter it!"

"Let's go!" Tiangan said coldly, and then several figures swept into the vortex of space without stopping.

"After we leave, be careful with the guys from the Xuanling royal family. If you have to, you can leave first with a large army." Mu Tianyuan explained.

"Let's go too!" As soon as the voice fell, Mu Tianyuan took the people from the Burning Incense Pavilion and swept directly into the vortex of space!

The highlight of the sect competition, the land of holy flames, this time not only to return the previous suppression of the Xuanling royal family to their burning incense pavilion, but also to find out the truth of the fall of Senior Brother Yintong!

: . :