Chapter Vol 4 2168: The children of the Xiao clan are growing up!

When Xiao Yan and the three daughters first stepped into the plane entrance and returned to the Dou Qi Continent, the Dou Qi Continent became extremely strange.

The Dou Qi Continent was originally a fertile land full of legends. Countless powerhouses emerged from it. They were as strong as the ancestors of the ancient eight clans who had broken away. After ten thousand years, Xiao Yan and the other five emperors had broken through the sky. The feats are all legends from the Dou Qi Continent.

The legend of Dou Qi Continent is still going on.

However, at this time, the Dou Qi Continent was invaded by some sudden forces, and it seemed that the glory no longer existed. A smear of tragic dark blood-red demonic energy, like a tide, ravaged the entire sky, encroaching on this world and making countless human beings here. All day long under a shadow of great fear.

After this kind of power, it seems that together with the power of the Dou Sheng peak powerhouse, it has become as ridiculous as ants.

"Teacher, does he... have any news..."

Somewhere in Douqi Continent, there is a sea of ​​flowers, colorful flowers blooming, petals falling, and the beautiful setting here is like a fairyland on earth.

On a quiet mountain peak in the sea of ​​​​flowers, Er Dao, a person with a light body and a slender waist, as beautiful as a fairy in a painting, stands here quietly.

"Not yet."

"It seems that since the space channel was destroyed, we can't leave here. A few days ago, I was lucky enough to break through the barrier of the blood fog in the sky and transmit a trace of energy signal. As for whether it will be successful... I don't know."

A woman in a white dress and a white dress spoke lightly, her body was surrounded by colorful petals, and three thousand blue silk fluttered in the wind, but at this time, she obviously had no intention of admiring these flowers, her eyes were filled with a hint of worry, and she tightened her grip. Staring at the **** mist in the distant sky.

Inside, there is a peerless and ferocious evil aura, which is rapidly expanding like a baby. Once the complete preparation is completed, the entire Dou Qi Continent will be destroyed!

Because the aura hidden in it is countless times more powerful than the power of the Soul Heaven Emperor and Xiao Yan!

"teacher…"

Beside the woman in white, a woman in blue stood quietly, carrying a tulle trench coat in her hand, which seemed to be prepared for the woman in front of her.

The two women both have their own charms, but the cyan woman is less elegant and light than the white woman.

"I don't know where that guy is now, how is he doing..."

The woman in white shook her head, nodded her head and lowered her eyebrows. Every time she thought of this guy, the melancholy emotions in her mind were unreservedly vented. The surrounding flowers and plants were embellished by his breath, extraordinarily lush and vibrant.

This kind of fluctuation is impressively the pinnacle of Dou Sheng!

It is only one step away from Emperor Dou!

"Yanran, let's go."

"This battle, I'm afraid we need to deal with it ourselves."

"is teacher."

As soon as the voice fell, in this endless rolling sea of ​​flowers, two beautiful shadows and immortals were walking towards the core of Zhongzhou.

Before leaving, the woman in Tsing Yi also shook her head and sighed, "Alas..."

"After so many years, the teacher still hasn't been able to completely forget him."

"Xiao Yan, ah Xiao Yan."

A faint sigh sounded, and the girl in Tsing Yi couldn't help but reappear in the mind of Xiao Yan's past scenes, and those scenes are still vivid in her mind.

But even if history goes back, she Nalan Yanran will repeat the same mistakes.

……

A quarter of an hour later, Zhongzhou, the top of Shuangdi Mountain.

Since the Five Emperors broke the sky, several magnificent palaces have been built on the top of Shuangdi Mountain to commemorate and worship Emperor Yan Xiao Yan.

But in the past, the pious and serene hilltop palace was now surrounded by nervous figures.

"Miss, Young Master, all the powerful forces have come."

The guard's voice fell, and the figures were basically all here.

"Sister Yunyun and Sister Xiaoyixian are also here."

While speaking, the distress on the brows of a purple-eyed woman was slightly relieved, and she quickly passed through the crowded crowd and walked towards the two figures.

"Xiao Xiao, you little girl is quite generous."

Yun Yun smiled sweetly, her voice full of relief.

"Sister Yunyun, sister Xiaoyixian."

A good-looking man behind the woman also nodded and smiled at the two of them. Because of the special relationship between Xiao Yan and them, all the names were like this from beginning to end.

Xiao Lin.

"Xiao Lin, Ziyan, the seven patriarchs, the master..."

"The people have already arrived."

Xiao Xiaoxian slender jade held Yun Yun, the two daughters of the little doctor fairy, and quickly went to the first place in the palace.

After the five emperors broke the sky, relying on some of the emperor's Origin Qi left by Xiao Yan, this space became prosperous, but because the space channel was destroyed, no one had the opportunity to go to the unknown continent, so now the people sitting here cross-legged Everyone's strength is the nine-star fighting saint rank.

Even because Ziyan, Yunyun, and Xiaoyixian had an unusual relationship with Xiao Yan, even the seven ancient clans were slightly inferior to them in strength.

Yun Yun's body is full of flowers all day long, and a faint fragrance is present. As for the little medical fairy, she also wears a white dress, standing elegantly and quietly.

On the contrary, it was Zi Yan on the side, her slender purple hair exuded a faint charm, but now she has grown up completely. She is no longer the little girl she used to be, but the Dragon Emperor of the Taixu Ancient Dragon Clan. She is extremely beautiful!

"To call everyone here today, everyone must already know?"

Xiao Xiao stood proudly, with a gorgeous and colorful armor covering his elegant and slender waist, which outlined his graceful figure extremely attractive, and his voice was full of magnetism and coercion, obviously leaving behind a lot of Queen Medusa. The arrogance on the scales is shocking when he speaks.

"What exactly are those powers?"

"Actually even our Nine Star Dousheng Peak can't resist..."

Watching the black pressure of the blood-colored mist outside continue to spread, a maddening and hideous sound resounded, and I could vaguely feel that the breath of some kind of creature was becoming more and more solid, and the voices of the seven ancient clans emerged.

"That kind of power doesn't seem to originate from our local power."

Ziyan opened his mouth slightly. For the Taixu ancient dragon clan, they wandered in the void all day long, so they were clear about all the forces in the Dou Qi Continent.

"The Dou Qi Continent, except for Zhongzhou, which has not yet been affected, the entire continent is caught in a dire crisis."

"Any human beings or even living beings who touched those black mists were all swallowed up by them, and even their souls and corpses disappeared."

Yun Yun stood up, her indifferent eyes became solemn for the first time.

"The next thing to deal with is probably another catastrophe on the Dou Emperor Continent after the Battle of the Two Emperors."

The little doctor's body trembled, and a trace of poisonous mist was released, causing the surrounding void to tremble slightly, but even her voice seemed extremely heavy.

"Hey... that guy Xiao Yan doesn't know where he is now."

The senior Xiao Zhanyao, who was above the first, nodded helplessly at this time, and now they can only pin their hopes in the hands of these coalition forces.

"I'm afraid things are not so simple..."

As soon as the voice fell, outside the palace on the top of the Shuangdi Mountain, layers of gloomy and evil mist pierced through the void, and the demonic energy roared out directly.

"Is it the origin of the ancient Xiao clan?"

"I finally found you!"

A madly chilling sound pierced through the void, carrying countless evil and **** powers, completely covering the entire world of Dou Qi Continent like the end of the world.

At this moment, in the Dou Qi Continent, **** demonic energy is tumbling, and every time it tumbling, it **** tens of thousands of human beings.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: