Chapter 192: Secret Dragon Soul!

Following the shout of their master, the Golden Dragon King, the two were also sucked into the black beam of light.

As soon as he entered the black beam of light, Xiao Yan quickly swallowed a few medicinal pills, instantly regaining a lot of fighting spirit, and then the milky white flames all over his body shone brightly, illuminating the entire space at once.

Xiao Yan looked around carefully, and his face changed greatly. He never imagined that it was completely different from what he imagined. According to Xiao Yan's guess, there were indeed some secrets in this black beam of light, but he didn't expect that there would be any secrets in this black beam of light. There is still room!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Originally, in Xiao Yan's guess, the black beam of light was only about a foot in size from the outside, so it probably wouldn't be too big inside.

Who knows, at this time, I found out that this is an independent space.

Moreover, this space is an independent space at first glance. Compared with the ancient emperor's cave house left by the ancient emperor Tuoshe, it is not too much.

There are no flashing nebulae and ancient auras, but the surrounding area is extraordinarily wide, as if there is no boundary. The whole space is as open as the land, without the slightest trees and buildings, but it is not clear under the cover of some gas. the full face of this space.

Countless quiet winds blew past Xiao Yan, containing traces of cold air. There were so many different kinds of auras in the air, all of which did not interfere with each other and flew freely.

"This should be a small space."

"Previously, I saw that the text on the coffin was somewhat similar to the dragon inscriptions of our dragon clan, but if I didn't pay attention, it was ignored by the black beam of light..." The Golden Dragon King's voice also sounded.

"Longwen?" Xiao Yan also laughed immediately. If it is Longwen, then his master, the Golden Dragon King, is the true overlord of the dragon family!

There is absolutely no dragon language that his master, the Golden Dragon King, does not know.

"Master, what did you say above the coffin?" Xiao Yan also asked enthusiastically, not at all worried about this small space.

"The top of the coffin seems to say that there is a dragon soul here, and the writing on the back is too vague, so I can't read it clearly..." The Golden Dragon King also frowned, then stared at the small space and said.

"Dragon Soul?" Xiao Yan was also surprised.

"Yes, the dragon soul is the lineage of our dragon family. The dragon body was destroyed and the soul power was severely damaged. I can also be regarded as a kind of dragon soul." The Golden Dragon King also said.

At this time, the milky white flames all over Xiao Yan's body exploded, and the space around him suddenly became bright.

Looking at the surroundings carefully, the two of them seemed to be standing in a space with no front, back, left, right, and right, and couldn't tell the exact direction at all.

That feeling was really weird, making Xiao Yan somewhat uncomfortable.

Then Xiao Yan's eyes flickered slightly, and he began to mobilize his soul power to spread out around him. The huge soul power was instantly dispersed into ten paths, rapidly spreading around in different directions.

In mid-air, Xiao Yan's whole body shone with milky white flames, just like the scorching sun in the sky, illuminating a large area of ​​the sky at once.

The milky white light on Xiao Yan's body gradually weakened, and the countless dark red gas around him slowly and quickly approached him.

Xiao Yan's eyes were calm, and he said to himself: "The gas in here seems to have a hint of coldness, which helps these ghosts and ghosts to cultivate, but it is not a good thing for humans. Once they absorb too much, then It is inevitable that Hei has turned into a complete ghost."

"There seems to be something here, and I feel some familiar smells." The Golden Dragon King also muttered to himself.

Xiao Yan was also surprised when he heard the words. If his master, the Golden Dragon King, felt familiar, then there should be no possibility except for the dragon family.

Soon, the surrounding dark red gas was isolated by Xiao Yan, and then Xiao Yan began to move his body again, choosing a random direction and leaving.

Suddenly Xiao Yan's body froze, and he turned to look behind him.

There, Xiao Yan's soul force seemed to sense a very powerful and wild aura.

The breath was very violent, but it was difficult to find out what it was, but Xiao Yan's soul power was swallowed by it and did not return to Xiao Yan's body.

Xiao Yan stopped, the ten soul power exploration has returned to nine, and nothing has been found in these nine.

The only remaining one was the rear that had moved previously, which made Xiao Yan feel a little vigilant in his heart.

"This space is very mysterious. It seems to be a special space for placing or sealing something, and it hides many unknown secrets."

"Be careful." The Golden Dragon King's voice also echoed in this space.

Xiao Yan heard the words, milky white flames covered his whole body, and then followed his master Jinlong King slowly towards his back.

Since he came here, he naturally couldn't return empty-handed, and Xiao Yan was also curious about the familiar feeling that his master Jinlong King said. He remembered that the familiar feeling he said last time was that he had discovered Qing Yuan. This time...

In the dark space, I saw two rays of light streak across the sky, and disappeared in a blink of an eye.

Xiao Yan judged the direction based on the power of his soul that had been devoured before, and soon came to that place.

Xiao Yan stopped ten feet away, while his master, the Golden Dragon King, was floating above him, and then Xiao Yan carefully looked at the ball of light that flickered, feeling a strange feeling in his heart, as if there was something in the ball of light. What is calling itself.

Just when Xiao Yan was looking at the ball of light, the aura in the ball of light had already discovered Xiao Yan's existence, but he had not found the Golden Dragon King floating above his head.

I saw the ball of light suddenly changed from a zhang to ten feet, and appeared in front of Xiao Yan's eyes in a blink of an eye. Xiao Yan hurriedly retreated ten feet in shock. with this ball of light.

In that ball of light, a voice full of magnetism at this time said, "It's really interesting that a human kid at the peak of the three-star Dou Di would enter here. UU read www.uukanshu.com"

"But why did you appear here? This is a unique secret realm in the Infernal Corpse Forest. Since the formation of this secret realm, no creatures have ever come in. How did you get in?" This mighty voice echoed here. In the film space, there are many voices full of domineering.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan was also full of flames all over his body, carefully guarding against the light ball in front of him. This light ball could tell his own strength at a glance, and it was enough to prove that the creatures hidden in the light ball were powerful.

Looking at the ball of light, Xiao Yan said solemnly, "Senior is really good at seeing, and you can see my strength at a glance. I just entered here by accident, so I will retreat." Xiao Yan also ran up after speaking. Because when Xiao Yan was in close contact with the ball of light, he found that the aura in the ball of light was very powerful, which made Xiao Yan feel a sense of fear!

As soon as Xiao Yan said these words, he retreated crazily, and from the ball of light in front of Xiao Yan, a ball of red energy suddenly shot out, chasing after Xiao Yan viciously.

The voice said indifferently and wildly: "After thousands of years of loneliness, now I have met another human being, you despicable and shameless human beings are all disgusting things that do not trust credit, today I will eat you, it is considered Get back a little interest for me being sealed here for so many years." In the ball of light, the voice laughed wildly.

The Golden Dragon King in mid-air has also been pondering from the beginning to now watching the fun. Now the Golden Dragon King also knows what kind of creature this light ball is, but the Golden Dragon King has no intention of shooting, watching Xiao Yan and the light ball chasing.

Today is New Year's Eve, Happy New Year's Eve everyone~