Chapter Vol 4 938: The afterimage of the Fairy Moon!

"The four fingers of the sky and the three fists of good fortune!"

"You can tell just by hearing the name. It's such a magnificent fighting skill."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Looking at this introduction, I'm afraid the power is comparable to the fighting skills of the middle-level saints."

"Hehe, I really found a treasure now." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth laughed.

According to the fighting skills of this intermediate level of the holy rank, I am afraid that the current Xiao Yan is enough to use the holy flame and this **** technique to have the strength to fight against the eight-star fighting emperor!

"Yep?"

"What about the cultivation method?" But the next moment, Xiao Yan tried to inspect the light group on the left, but there was nothing inside!

"The other one!" Xiao Yan was horrified, and immediately checked the other light group.

"no?"

"How is that possible?" After a while, the two light groups were all inspected by Xiao Yan, but apart from a brief introduction that invaded the light group at the beginning, there was absolutely nothing else!

Not to mention recording the cultivation methods of the Four Fingers in the Sky and the Three Fist of Fortune, there is not even a trace of strength.

"Don't bring such a fool..." A moment ago, Xiao Yan felt that he had found a treasure, but at this moment, Xiao Yan seemed to have been tricked, and his face turned dusty.

"It's really bad luck." Xiao Yan swept away his sleeves, and the dazzling power of holy flame emerged directly, trying to dissipate the two groups of light.

"Gulugulu." And following Xiao Yan's actions, the two light groups, under the pressure of Xiao Yan Shengyan, slowly merged together.

"What's the situation?" Confused by this sudden scene, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

"Ha ha."

"Are all young people now so irritable..." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, a beautiful figure slowly stepped out from the two light groups that merged into one!

Just taking one step, the terrifying fluctuations brought about by that graceful arc also made Xiao Yan feel like he was facing a formidable enemy.

Xiao Yan raised his head, and a shocking scene slowly appeared in front of him.

I saw the figure, surrounded by white mist, and through the white mist, I could vaguely see that the skin like thin ice was particularly attractive, and the icy aura on the body, a cold aura that was thousands of miles away emerged.

"This is……"

"Bright Moon Fairy?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised when he finished speaking.

Xiao Yan had seen Fairy Moonlight in the Moonlight Ruins, so he naturally had some impressions.

"You seem to have some of my aura on you, although it is very weak." That Qianying looked at Xiao Yan, and then said.

"The breath of the Fairy Moon?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard the words.

But after thinking about it, that aura might be because Yueru possessed Fairy Moon's inheritance rune, which more or less passed on some extremely weak power remaining on Xiao Yan.

"Junior Xiao Yan, I have seen the senior." Seeing this, Xiao Yan had a brain move and spoke directly.

"Xiao Yan..."

"A good name." After hearing Fairy Moon's afterimage, she seemed to have thought of something, and said softly.

"Are you from the Xiao clan?" After a while, the Fairy Moonlight suddenly stared at Xiao Yan with beautiful eyes, revealing every word.

"Yes." Xiao Yan heard the words, but his eyes did not evade, because Xiao Yan seemed to know something about Fairy Moon, so he also wanted to know some news from her mouth.

"I didn't expect that the Xiao clan still had clan members left, which really surprised me."

"As expected, you should have risen from the lower plane, right?" Fairy Moon Moon asked.

"Yes." Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard this.

This Fairy Moon is actually so many things just with such a simple glance, it seems that her strength is also extremely terrifying.

"Being able to break through the shackles from the lower plane and come here is also considered to be your unique talent."

"But it is for this reason that you escaped that catastrophe." Fairy Moon Moon said slowly.

"The catastrophe?"

"Could it be related to the disappearance of our Xiao clan in Doudi Sifang Continent?" Xiao Yan said with a frown upon hearing this.

"Yep."

"Xiao Yan, remember that when your strength is not strong enough, you must not reveal the identity of the Xiao clan, otherwise, what awaits you will only be the result of doom."

"Furthermore, be careful of the powerhouses in the human world. When your Xiao family had an accident, there must be an indescribable relationship with them."

"I'm afraid you still need to explore the relationship between this." Fairy Moon Moon said solemnly.

Xiao Yan could see that every time he mentioned a strong person in the human world, even a strong person such as Fairy Moon, was flickering with fear.

"Junior wrote it down."

"By the way, how did you fall, senior?" Xiao Yan suddenly asked.

"It seems that it was plotted by the evil clan outside the realm, but as time goes by, I can't remember it clearly." Fairy Moonlight sighed slightly and said immediately.

"I don't know senior..." Xiao Yan was about to stop talking, but just wanted to continue, but the words stopped.

"My current situation is just an afterimage. The purpose of existence is to pass on this fighting skill. As for the past, I can't remember clearly." Fairy Moonlight said afterimage.

"But it's okay, since you got this scroll, then you have a destiny with this seat."

"This set of fighting skills will naturally be taught to you."

"This set of fighting skills is extremely tyrannical. With it, I can fight against a three-star fighting fairy and become invincible. I am only a two-star fighting fairy." Fairy Moon Moon said slowly.

"Junior thanked my senior." Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard this.

The afterimage of this Fairy Moon Fairy's light is similar to that of Fen Tian, ​​the master of the Fenxiang Pavilion. If it is a real Fairy Moon, I am afraid it is more powerful than Fenxiang!

"Shen Shen, I'll pass on the cultivation method to you." After a while, Fairy Jiaoyue raised her hand, and the energy in her body turned into a beam of light, pouring into Xiao Yan's body.

Obviously, it is the afterimage of Fairy Moon, which is the way to cultivate fighting skills.

And with the influx of this beam of light, a huge force suddenly poured into Xiao Yan's heart.

"It turns out that this thing is actually so cultivated..." Feeling the complicated cultivation method, Xiao Yan couldn't help but smack his tongue secretly, but he was secretly delighted.

If the cultivation is successful, I am afraid that with this set of finger fist fighting skills, I can easily deal with some strong people, and even become my own killer!

"Junior sends Senior respectfully!" Xiao Yan looked at the disappearing Fairy Moon, and immediately lowered his head respectfully and said.

After a short while, when Fairy Bright Moon completely disappeared, Xiao Yan carefully looked at the huge beam of light strung into his body.

"Four fingers in the sky."

"One finger calls the sky, **** break the dome!"

"Three fingers break mountains and rivers, and four fingers break the sky!"

"Three punches of good fortune."

"One punch hits the mountain, two punches the ground!"

"Three fist splits!"

The ancient and heavy voice slowly echoed in the training room, and Xiao Yan did not hesitate to practice directly according to the method of cultivation.