Chapter Vol 4 1577: 5 Guardians!

"Boom!"

"Acacia tree?" In an instant, Xiao Yan's expression suddenly became stunned as the three powerhouses attacked him at the same time.

"Crash!"

"What's the matter?" The three powerhouses just took action, but they were attracted by the sudden vibration of the acacia tree on the island.

"Song Yuefeng, what have you done?" After a while, a pink halo suddenly emerged from Song Lanfeng's side between the three of them, and then shot at the acacia tree under everyone's attention.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the mysterious leaves Song Lanfeng purchased were instantly injected into the Acacia tree, but nothing changed.

"Is there something wrong?" After a few breaths, the place was still extremely quiet, and Song Lanfeng couldn't help muttering, but the only thing that changed was the injection of this mysterious blade. to them.

"What exactly is going on?"

"The mysterious leaf should be able to open the Acacia tree, but why is there no movement?" Song Lanfeng said in disbelief.

She had seen that leaf from some ancient scrolls, so she would spend 100 million gold coins to buy it, but now it has no effect.

"Wait..." But Xiao Yan was a hundred meters away from the acacia tree, standing outside the river, looking up at the acacia tree, from the shade of the acacia tree that covered the sky, he could feel it. There seems to be some kind of intelligence in the acacia tree, and the power of pink acacia contains a touch of ancient and vicissitudes of life.

"What should I do now?" After a few minutes, it was still quite quiet here, and Kong An was the first to speak.

"Since you're here, there's no reason to go back empty-handed."

"Join the four of us and break the Acacia tree together. I don't believe that the four of us who are in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals can't crack it." Hu Tianyuan of Meteor Gate snorted coldly.

"Let's do it!" Without the power of Acacia, everyone ignored Xiao Yan, and the four of them made a decision in their hearts. After all, Xiao Yan's mere three-star fighting power was really not in their eyes.

"Boom!" As the four had an idea in their hearts, the overwhelming terrifying energy suddenly emerged from their bodies, and the tyrannical attack was slowly brewed by them.

With the injection of Song Lanfeng's strange leaves, the power of Acacia suddenly weakened, and the four of them lost interest in Xiao Yan.

"Not right."

"The ancient existence of the Acacia tree, just from its roots, I am afraid it has survived for tens of thousands of years. It is reasonable to say that its own wisdom should have been born, how can it be as quiet as an ordinary ancient tree? …”

"And the holy flame in my body is faintly bursting with fiery heat. This kind of fiery heat can only be born when it encounters the flames that are also holy flames, but this kind of fiery heat fluctuation is extremely weak, and it doesn't look like a holy flame. Yan..." Xiao Yan kept shaking his head while looking at the pink acacia tree standing quietly and immobile, and at the four people who were brewing a tyrannical attack.

Xiao Yan's soul power is now extremely tyrannical, and he can predict many hidden dangers with his soul power and holy flame, but when faced with this acacia tree, Xiao Yan has no choice for a while. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Boom!" All of a sudden, all kinds of fighting qi emerged from the four of them, and then slowly merged together, turning into a beam of terrifying energy containing four-color rays of light, blasting away at the acacia tree.

"Now, let's see how you resolve it!" Seeing this, Qi Ziwen smiled slowly, letting the Acacia tree be tyrannical and facing the gathering of four people with all their strength, I am afraid there is only one way to go.

"Xuuuu!" The four-color beam of light was like a thunderbolt, and in the blink of an eye, it was dozens of meters in front of the acacia tree, and it was about to explode in a blink of an eye.

"Crash!" At this moment, the Acacia tree that had been quiet, the pink leaves and shade that covered the sky, suddenly trembled. At that time, a pink beam of light emerged from the center of the shade, and then The four-color beam of light is easily swallowed.

"How is that possible?" Seeing this scene, Song Lanfeng's face became extremely ugly. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"It's not over yet!" After a while, Kong An's expression was also extremely solemn, because the disappearing four-color beam of light seemed to be swallowed up by the Acacia tree!

"Then... what is that?" After Shun breathed, the Acacia tree trembled, and in the center of its shade, a bunch of pink light groups suddenly emerged.

"This is..." Hearing this, Xiao Yan suddenly raised his head, because at this time, as the acacia tree absorbed the huge power of the four-color beam of light, the island occupied by the acacia tree suddenly shook violently, even in the shade of the tree, An indescribable terrifying energy slowly swept out, which made Xiao Yan vaguely aware of the emotion emanating from the acacia tree.

anger!

Unparalleled anger!

This is clearly the anger emanating from the acacia tree.

Feeling this extremely strong anger and the trembling on the entire island, Xiao Yan raised his head and slowly stared at the huge shade at the center of the acacia tree, there were about a few pink light **** in it~www.mtlnovel. com~ These light clusters are quite large, but they are shaking slowly, and they are clearly beating violently like a human heart.

"This... in this light group, there is an extremely tyrannical vitality!"

"Rewind!" At that time, Song Lanfeng exclaimed, obviously she had already sensed that something was wrong with these light clusters.

"Boom!" Just when the four of them had just made a move, a pink energy beam instantly completely wrapped the space with a radius of 1,000 meters!

"One, two... five..."

"Five light groups?" Qi Ziwen's heart was filled with shock at this time, and he spoke slowly.

"It's too late... The attack just now should have angered the Acacia tree. This pink energy should be an existence similar to a formation, and it can't escape."

"It's now, get ready to do it." The next moment, Kong An slowly shook his head. He wanted to run away now, and it seemed that it was too late.

As soon as the voice fell, the four of them hung in the air at the same time, and then their eyes were fixed on the strange lights in the shade of the acacia tree, and under the gazes of several people, the lights burst out with a rather special one after another. energy.

"Puff, puff!" Deep in the shade of the Acacia tree, five groups of pink light danced violently, breaking out of the Acacia tree in an instant, and slowly came to the void of everyone.

"Kacha!" After a while, the five light groups were completely shattered, and five old figures suddenly appeared between the world under the shroud of a pink halo.

"Guru." When they noticed these five powerhouses, a heavy feeling filled the hearts of everyone, because these five people contained a very special power of lovesickness, and even that strength reached the level of four-star fighting immortals. Later!

Five four-star Fighting Immortal late stage powerhouses, and they also have a strange power of lovesickness on their bodies, such a lineup is really terrifying!