Chapter Vol 4 985: fierce fight

The yin wind roared furiously, the ghost energy filled the sky, and the air was filled with a sense of extreme terror.

"Headless Ghost Li?"

"A ghost that is comparable to the perfection of the human Seven-Star Dou Emperor..." Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning when he heard Yan Chi's opening.

If Xiao Yan wanted to deal with this headless ghost, he could only rely on the Soul Devouring Talisman in the past, but now, not only his soul power and spiritual power have grown larger, but his own strength and fighting skills have even grown. There are also many ways for the powerhouse of the level.

"I'm coming?" Xiao Yi seemed to be eager to try since the breakthrough, ready to start.

"Don't look at me, I can't take action in the blood river, otherwise I will disturb some big guys, those big guys, but even I can't do anything." Seemingly aware of Xiao Yan's bad eyes, Yan Chi said directly.

"Yingying, you and Senior Yanchi are here, I'll go meet this big guy."

"Xiao Yi, you stay here to guard them, just in case." Xiao Yan instructed.

"Xing Xing Xing." Xiao Yi said with a downcast when she heard the words.

"Hey, this is the one who just entered the blood river. It is estimated that there will be big troubles soon. You guys are much stronger than me, so keep a low profile."

"And this trip is also to heal Senior Yan Chi's hidden illness. You are protecting the two of you, so I can rest assured." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Yeah." Xiao Yi immediately cheered after Xiao Yan said this.

"This kid is also a person with a delicate mind." Seeing Xiao Yan's arrangement, Yan Chi immediately admired Xiao Yan, but he didn't show it.

"Be careful, this guy is very strong." And Mu Yingying naturally cares about it, she is not as calm as Xiao Yi, nor is her brother Yan Chi so good at finding the eyes around her, she just holds Xiao Yan tightly in her hand to send him own fairy sword, and then instructed.

"Yes." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he stood up immediately, then let out his breath, and swaggered towards the headless ghost.

"Hoohoho!" Headless Guili is the product of the condensed ghost energy in the blood river. It has no intelligence at all. In its eyes, there is only killing.

And the reason why I came here just now was because I sensed the presence of human beings here, so I came here immediately.

Now that Xiao Yan's breath had just appeared, the headless ghost screamed in excitement.

Although Headless Ghost Li is formed by the strange ghost energy in the blood river, if he kills enough human beings and absorbs the blood essence, he has the possibility to regenerate his intelligence.

"It turned out to be a beast without intelligence." Xiao Yan shook his head slightly, then stared at the headless ghost Li vigilantly.

Xiao Yan looked around, and only then did he get a clear picture of this headless ghost.

This headless ghost Li is all over the body, just like a human being, except that the body, limbs and even height are much larger than ordinary people. The hands, feet and limbs are complete. The only thing is that there is no head. It is composed of a layer of dark ghost energy, which does not look like an ordinary human body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After looking at the headless ghost Li, Xiao Yan saw that the headless ghost Li suddenly raised both heads, and then held it high above the headless neck, as if it was screaming in the sky, and he didn't know where it appeared. A very gloomy voice: "Nine hundred and ninety-seven..."

"Huangquan refers to!"

"Huangquan Palm!" Seeing this, the headless ghost's origin was unknown and his movements were extremely strange. He didn't dare to stop. The head ghost swept away.

"Woohoohoo!" With Xiao Yan's attack, there were bursts of wind breaking around, apparently caused by Xiao Yan's attack being too strong.

And Xiao Yan used one finger and one palm to attack the Headless Ghost Li, but the Headless Ghost Li was unmoved, and his hands were still held high, ignoring Xiao Yan's attack.

"Sisi..." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, Xiao Yan's huge attack with one palm and one finger hit the headless Guili's body without any flaws, but it didn't have the shocking explosion he imagined, but Xiao Yan's attack lightly swept across the headless Ghost Li's body, and then dissipated.

"What's going on..." Xiao Yan was speechless when he saw that his attack did not cause any scars to Headless Ghost Li.

And just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, a three-zhang dagger surrounded by ghost energy suddenly appeared in the hands of the headless ghost.

"Eat, eat, eat!" The ghost-qi dagger just appeared, and the headless ghostly figure suddenly moved. Holding the dagger in his left hand, he stepped forward and came directly in front of Xiao Yan. Directly stabbed at Xiao Yan's throat.

"Gulu." At that critical moment, Xiao Yan's forehead lightly tilted slightly, and then avoided the fatal blow from Headless Guili.

Xiao Yan was thinking about the mystery of Headless Ghost Li a second ago, but the next second he was shocked by the lightning-fast attack of Headless Ghost Li.

Everything that happened just now was between lightning and flint, Xiao Yan's slight tilt of his head was even an instinctive action made by his body to deal with danger.

"My dear, I really underestimate you." Xiao Yan said coldly, and then he didn't dare to underestimate the enemy, he directly took off the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire and held it tightly in his hand.

"This headless ghost is so fierce?" In the distance, Xiao Yi couldn't help saying seeing that her eldest brother was about to have an accident.

"Of course."

"This headless ghost Li is one of the best ghosts in the blood river I just didn't expect that we would encounter it just after we came in."

"But even though it is dangerous, if you kill the headless ghost Li, I am afraid that your big brother will be quite satisfied with the reward." Yan Chi smiled maliciously.

"Damn old man, don't give a shit, talk quickly." Xiao Yi naturally didn't have Xiao Yan's usual respect for Yan Chi, and said directly.

"The headless ghost said a number just now." Yan Chi said.

"Nine hundred and ninety-seven?" Xiao Yi answered.

"good."

"Headless Ghost Li is a ghost formed by ghost energy. Those nine hundred and ninety-seven prove that this guy has devoured nine hundred and ninety-seven human beings before this."

"After devouring the four, it can get rid of the shackles of the headless ghost and completely turn into a ghost."

"And when it is completely transformed into a ghost, not only will wisdom be born, but its strength will skyrocket."

"But if they can kill a thousand people before they devour them, then there is a good chance of getting something." Yan Chi said in a cryptic manner.

"What?" Xiao Yi was also a little displeased by the old man's way of speaking in harmony.

"Dead blood ghost liquid." Yan Chi said slowly, but his voice was full of expectations.

"what!"

"It's actually a dead blood ghost?" And Xiao Yi had a displeased look just now, but she was shocked when she heard the name!