Chapter Vol 4 1356: Ghost White Puppet vs Fire Heart Puppet!

"It's good to come!" The evil man's voice just fell, and the ghost white puppet palm slapped heavily on the place where Xiao Yan was. At that time, a faint blue energy beam suddenly appeared, and then blasted away at Xiao Yan. In the emptiness of the dark blue beam of light, a trace of cracks appeared, and even the violent sound of breaking wind continued to emerge halfway.

"Fire Explosion Technique!" Xiao Yan's face was calm, then just as the faint blue light was about to hit him, a soft drink sounded, and a phantom of flames continued to remain around his body.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying energy contained in the dark blue energy beam is enough to easily obliterate any 2-star Dou Xian level powerhouse, not to mention that Xiao Yan's strength is only a middle-stage 2-star Dou Xian guy, so evil The men did not go to find out whether Xiao Yan was obliterated or not, so they shifted their targets to the women who came with Xiao Yan.

These women have their own beauty. If they can be captured alive, they will definitely have a lot of fun. Just when the evil man had some evil thoughts in his heart, a fierce flame attack came out of thin air!

"Bang bang bang!" The flame attack didn't block anything, it directly hit the evil man's body. Suddenly the evil man's body became mist, and directly under the flame attack of Xiao Xiaoyan, it turned into a dark blue light, which was obviously affected by the flames. a lot of damage.

The explosive technique gave Xiao Yan lightning-like speed, which Xiao Yan did not expect.

"Bastard **** bastard!" The evil man thought, Xiao Yan's speed was actually faster than his puppet's attack, thus giving him such a tyrannical attack, and there was a trace of resentment in the dark blue light.

"Tell me, which clan do you belong to?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's body was covered in fiery red flames, as holy as a flame elf. There was a terrifying flame on the ancient ruler of strange fire, and the tip of the ruler pointed directly at it. The faint cyan light group questioned.

"How could you possibly know this?"

"You must die!" The evil man obviously didn't expect Xiao Yan to know so much. After being shocked, he also let out a roar. Since Xiao Yan knew so much about the extraterritorial evil clan, he definitely wouldn't Anonymous.

"Crash!"

"No, stop him!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan walked in the air, but he did not expect the action of the faint cyan light, and immediately watched the faint cyan light swept towards the ghost white puppet, a bad thought. Emergence, shouting loudly.

"late!"

"Fusion!!!"

"Suffer to death!" At the next moment, the dark blue light poured directly into the ghost white puppet's body, and then the ghost white puppet seemed to come alive, with an indescribable spirituality in its pupils, and the blood-colored pupils only stared at With Xiao Yan, I can't wait to smash Xiao Yan's body into ten thousand pieces!

"Although it's a bit tricky...but there's no other way!" The next moment, Xiao Yan shook his head slowly, obviously facing the real foreign evil race, although his current strength can defeat them, but if he wants serious damage in the true sense, it is impossible.

In addition, Xiao Yan wanted to know some secrets about the Soul Palace, about sins, and even about their Xiao clan through the evil clan outside the territory, so now the only way is to use the power of Sheng Yan.

"What kind of power is that..." After a while, the sisters of the Yu family and Liu Qing's four daughters were all staring at Xiao Yan, because at this moment, on Xiao Yan's palm, a prismatic crystal was emitting A heart-pounding horror wave!

A khaki flame!

It is as indestructible as a rock, and with the burning flame in the flame, it is the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock!

"How can it be……"

"Holy Flame..." At this moment, the evil figure that had successfully integrated into the body of the ghost white puppet suddenly made an unbelievable voice!

Holy flame!

This is the nemesis of their alien race!

In the Great Thousand Worlds, there are a total of thirty-six holy flames, and except for a few very special tyrannical alien races that require specific holy flame sanctions, holy flames have the power to obliterate their extraterritorial evil races at the middle and later levels. !

"not good!"

"Run!" The ghost white puppet also has no fighting spirit at this time. This Xiao Yan is actually the master of the holy flame. No matter what you say, you must pass this news to the ears of Lord Youhuan, otherwise, this time they have the plan of the Youhuan family. , will be wiped out by the appearance of a holy flame!

"I just want to run now!"

"It's too late!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then on the palm of his hand, the khaki-colored Saint Flame Crystal kept squirming, and a trace of khaki-colored liquid permeated out!

With the appearance of traces of khaki-yellow liquid, the ghost White Puppet immediately felt a destructive aura from the bottom of his heart!

"Holy Flame Space!" Xiao Yan roared, and suddenly the space where everyone was, nearly thousands of square meters, was shrouded in Xiao Yan's Holy Flame Space!

"Holy Flame..."

"This Xiao Yan is actually a human?" Seeing Xiao Yan displaying such a method, the sisters of the Yu family couldn't help but be shocked.

In the ghost world, it is all-encompassing, but the identity is the most taboo, three souls and seven souls, or real human beings.

But simply, the four women present were all human, but they entered the ghost world for their own special reasons, so they were not too surprised.

"Susu!"

"I didn't expect you to be a holy flame controller." In the holy flame space, circles of khaki flames continued to emerge. .com~ is also weakening rapidly. Obviously, Sheng Yan's nemesis to the evil race outside the territory is far more severe than Xiao Yan thought.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But if that's the case, you want to completely obliterate me!"

"But it's not enough!" The next moment, the ghost white puppet flashed a **** aura, and then bursts of dazzling dark blue evil light burst out from the white bandages on his body. Its evil power is unparalleled, obviously this guy is ready to use it. All out.

"Don't worry, I've been in control of Fire Heart Tianyan for so long..."

"Come out, Fire Heart Heavenly Puppet!" Xiao Yan was not surprised at all, dazzling khaki-yellow holy flames continued to emerge in the holy flame space, and then at a certain moment, a khaki-yellow rock giant the size of the ghost white puppet, Suddenly appeared!

Fire Heart Puppet!

This is the darling condensed by Xiao Yan using the power of holy flame. It is more like the product of holy flame. It is bathed in the holiness of the khaki flame, and the khaki rock body makes its defense indestructible, a living one Rock Giant!

"Ghost White Puppet!"

"Attack!" Seeing this scene, the evil man's heart also showed a heavy feeling. To be able to use the holy flame to such a degree, this Xiao Yan is definitely not easy.

"Huo Xintian Puppet, obliterate the evil." Xiao Yan's voice was filled with an ancient flavor, and as the voice fell, there seemed to be something hidden in the holy flame and the fire in the Huo Xin Tian Puppet. The innate spirituality burst forth!

. The fastest website for mobile version updates: m.