Chapter Vol 4 1061: Helping Hand, Medusa 1

"Bang Bang Bang!" As the aftermath of the battle dissipated in the sky, Xiao Yi and Long Yi's bodies flew out at the same time.

"Are you all alright?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan scattered a trace of the power of the khaki holy flame, and then pulled the two of them in front of him.

"It's alright, I just didn't expect that Qin Tian had some reservations about fighting with me before." Xiao Yi and Qin Tian fought back not long ago, but she was repelled at the last moment, shook her head and said.

"The combined power of Ye Mo's eight people is no trivial matter." Long Yi turned into a figure, but his breath was a little weak.

"Hahaha."

"Mu Yingying, you finally showed up!" After doing all this, Qin Tian was full of laughter!

It worked!

He Qin Tian succeeded!

When he first came here and saw Mu Yingying, Qin Tian thought that if he could capture Mu Yingying, then he would be able to completely devour the holy flame in her body, not to mention the mere Profound Spirit Continent, I am afraid that other fighting emperors The Sifang Continent will become something in his own pocket, so he hides his strength and negotiates with Xiaoyi. Even if Xiaoyi is a fire elf, how can he be so stalemate with Qin Tian, ​​who is so powerful as a fighting emperor. Long.

"Oh……"

"Are you waiting for me?" But when Mu Yingying heard the words, she couldn't help but smile. There was a lot of danger in her smile, and the blue cyan silk on her hair behind her was full of excitement. The azure blue flames slowly beat, while Mu Yingying looked at Qin Tian with a beautiful smile.

"This guy has the strength in the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal."

"Ye Mo, form an array."

"Sheng Yan and Xiao Yan can't escape this time." Looking at the azure Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan, Qin Tian laughed madly.

"Is this guy crazy?" Seeing this scene, Xiao Yi and Long Yi both looked at each other.

Although the two of them were directly defeated in the battle, the strength of the two is still there. Could it be that Qin Tian dared to ignore them?

"Okay!" Ye Mo heard the words without hesitation, and immediately shouted.

"Array!" As Ye Mo's voice just fell, the remaining nine members of the Dragon Addiction Army, with Qin Tian as the center, and the other eight surrounded Qin Tian to form a circle.

"Pfft!" After a while, a mouthful of dark red blood spurted out of the eight people, and then spurted out towards Qin Tian in the center of the circle.

"Crash!" With the appearance of this scene, Xiao Yi and Long Yi's eyes became strange at the same time, because there seemed to be a trace of confinement and isolation in that blood!

"This guy..." The two of them looked at each other, and then the power in their bodies emerged, because they could smell a hint of extreme danger from the attacks of Qin Tian and the others at this time!

"After waiting for so many years... this day has finally arrived." And around Qin Tian, ​​as many as eight groups of dark red blood floated, and they smiled at the azure Mu Yingying at a height below zero.

"There's something wrong with the eight groups of dark red blood outside this guy." And the blue-blue Mu Yingying took the lead, left Xiao Yan and the others, and then attacked Qin Tian. At this time, the only option was to defeat Qin Tian. , in order to have a chance of life.

"The power of holy flame is indeed very strong, but with this thing, the power of holy flame is temporarily useless to me."

"Fusion!"

"Anti-Inflammation Talisman!" Seeing the azure blue Mu Yingying coming towards him with the sky-shattering azure blue holy flame, Qin Tian didn't have the slightest fear, but instead let out a long roar.

As soon as Qin Tian finished speaking, the eight groups of dark red blood in front of him suddenly spun at a high speed, and then circles of blood-colored aura continued to diffuse out.

"not good……"

"You can't let that thing fuse!" But Xiao Yan below suddenly shouted. With his perception, he could clearly feel that the eight dark red blood contained mysterious power, and this power had a certain effect on Sheng Yan. The degree of isolation is due to its fusion, I am afraid that the holy flame will temporarily lose its power!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yes." Mu Yingying, the azure blue, glanced at Xiao Yan when she heard the words, and then the dazzling azure flame in her body slowly appeared on the jade hand, as if she was preparing a terrifying attack against Qin Tian.

"It's too late!" Just when the blue-blue Mu Yingying was about to attack, Qin Tian burst out laughing.

And as Qin Tian's voice fell, the eight dark red blood lines were fused at this very moment.

At this point, a mysterious rune wrapped in blood-colored aura slowly appeared in the sky, and the rune seemed to contain mysterious power.

"Bingling Fingers!" At this time, the azure Mu Yingying's attack finally shot away at Qin Tian!

The azure flame pointed at Qin Tian and shot straight away. Wherever the flame passed, ice and snow flew and the temperature plummeted!

"I'm vulnerable." When Qin Tian saw this, he couldn't help but smile, and then directly held the **** rune in his hand, ignoring the attack of the blue-blue Mu Yingying!

"Pfft." When the azure-blue Mu Yingying's attack hit Qin Tian, ​​it didn't explode as expected. Instead, it was abruptly frightened as if a fire encountered the ocean. It turned into a bubble and disappeared!

However, as such a powerful attack was resisted by Qin Tian, ​​a conspicuous crack appeared on the **** rune.

"Damn..."

"This rune can actually make him ignore the power of holy flame." The azure Mu Yingying naturally made such a small move, but with the shattering of the **** rune, she and Xiao Yan might not be able to escape Qin Tian's claws.

"Ye Mo!"

"Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying leave it to me."

"Others are in charge!" Qin Tian finished speaking, grabbed the blood-colored rune, and shot directly at Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying.

"Xiao Yan!" And listening to Qin Tian like ~ Xiaoyi and Long Yi both looked up, they just wanted to rescue Xiao Yan, but they were entangled by Ye Mo and the others!

"Xuanmo's revenge, I will help him avenge it."

"And don't worry, when I take you back, you will be able to see your brother Yanchi, haven't you always wanted to see him?" Qin Tian immediately appeared to block Xiao Yan and Wei Lan Mu Yingying's retreat, and said immediately. .

"..." Azure Mu Yingying heard the words, but her heart was slightly startled. Obviously, the word "Yanchi" could affect him at any time.

"It's troublesome now..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but said, looking at this deadly situation, he only held two Saint Flame Crystals in his hand, which was Xiao Yan's last proof.

"There is no holy flame power."

"The two of you are trash in my eyes!"

"Go ahead and capture it!" Qin Tian finished speaking, his speed skyrocketed, and he shot directly at Xiao Yan and Azure Mu Yingying!

And just when Xiao Yan's pupils madly decided to use the last resort, the blood in his body faintly emitted a fiery aura.

"Whoosh whoosh!" But when Qin Tian's power succeeded, there were several hurried wind breaking sounds in the distant sky, and a colorful grudge containing terrifying power directly hit Qin Tian's attack!

"Brumbling!" Qin Tian's blow failed, and he raised his head in confusion, but after seeing the person coming, a heavy feeling appeared in his heart.

"The Medusa family?"

.. m.