Chapter Vol 2 780: 3 islands suspended above the ocean

"Damn bastard!" Qi Haoran's resentful voice echoed in this passage!

The next moment, Qi Haoran's attack failed, and Xiao Yan and his group also disappeared. You don't have to think about it, Xiao Yan and his group must have entered the ruins through the gap just now!

"This guy still has some ability." Song Yue didn't feel anything, after all, Xiao Yan was also a person with ability.

"Now, I am afraid that we can only break this seal together. Although it will consume a lot of fighting spirit, this is the only way." Qi Haoran said suddenly.

"Alas, I can't think of those guys..." Many of the super sect disciples sighed.

"Do it, it will be nothing if it's too late!" Qi Haoran snorted coldly, and then took the lead, his strength was far greater than before.

"Boom boom boom!" When the other group saw this, they didn't look at it, and started to do it.

Although Xiao Yan's actions were not benevolent and righteous, but in the situation just now, it was obvious that Xiao Yan knew that they had all secretly left behind, so they didn't do their best, so Xiao Yan's move was reasonable.

"Boom boom boom!" As the super sect disciples present were no longer hiding and tucked, their strength was released, and the sturdy iron gate suddenly crumbled, and even the gossip formation above the iron gate was turbulent.

After all, this gossip array was tossed by Xiao Yan and the others, and now it can't be said that they can't support it for long!

"It's not enough!" Qi Haoran snorted coldly, increasing his strength!

With Qi Haoran taking the lead, the others gritted their teeth one after another, and their strength increased sharply.

And with such a huge force poured into the iron gate, the iron gate finally couldn't bear it, and the sound of "bang" turned into powder under the powerful force!

"Come in!" When Qi Haoran saw the seal of the iron gate open, he did not hesitate, and suddenly swept into the ruins!

Seeing this, the powerhouses of other super sects did not hesitate to step directly into the ruins!

"Shabu Shabu!" As the iron gate shattered, the entire ruins were completely exposed in front of many people, and all of them immediately turned red and swept into the ruins!

At this time, the ruins were finally fully opened, and more and more people poured into it. As for who the last great fortune will be, it is unknown.

"Hey, Xiao Yan, you really did what you did just now." Xiao Yan and his group entered the ruins first. Suddenly Mu Feng laughed, and after speaking, he did not forget to give Xiao Yan a thumbs up.

"It's really my fault. Don't you realize that those guys are all playing with mantises to catch cicadas and orioles. There is no such thing as a free lunch in this world." Xiao Yan laughed.

"Let's go, now that we have entered the ruins, we should go to find your fire of life and death first, and then go to the main hall to grab the inheritance." Xiuxiu said in a deep voice.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Will those guys take the lead in the inheritance?" Although Xiao Yan desperately needed life and death, he was still worried.

"Don't worry, I have an inheritance rune on my body, that inheritance is not so easy to get, and we feel that there should be some terrifying guy waiting around the inheritance power, that guy's power is stronger than senior sister too. Much." Yueru said slightly.

"Too powerful?" Xiao Yan was slightly startled when he heard this.

This Xiuqi's strength is in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di. If he is stronger than this guy, then I'm afraid...

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, without hesitation, he directly swept away.

Xiao Yan and his party just entered the ruins through the gap of the iron gate, and suddenly felt the overwhelming ancient aura in the ruins. If it wasn't for the protection of Xiao Yan's soul power, they would obviously have to be suppressed.

However, it is strange to say that since the ruins entered, Xiao Yan and the others are still in a white space passage, and the space passage does not know where it leads.

"This passage should be linked to the inner space of the ruins, follow the light!" Xiao Yan sensed it and realized that it was the end after a while, and said immediately.

"Yes." When everyone heard the words, they nodded immediately.

After a while, everyone's eyes suddenly lit up.

"It's the exit!" Mu Feng called out first.

"Be careful!" As soon as Mu Feng finished speaking, he suddenly mentioned his speed and walked directly towards the light mouth, but Xiao Yan felt something and suddenly said.

"Mummy." Mu Feng was extremely excited, but the next moment, Mu Feng felt his eyes light up, his body lightened, and he didn't seem to be stepping on anything, and he shouted suddenly!

"Let you be careful." Xiao Yan quickly grabbed Mu Feng's collar and said immediately.

"What is this place..." Seeing Xiao Yan firmly grasping himself, Mu Feng immediately cast his eyes out.

Mu Feng saw that they were above the sky at this time, and under their feet, there was a space passage, and at the bottom of them, there was a large blue ocean!

"Blue ocean?" Xiao Yan saw Mu Feng finished speaking, then his forehead slightly deviates from the space passage, looking down there!

"This is..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but shout!

Because at this time, what caught Xiao Yan's eyes was the boundless blue ocean!

The sound of Wang Yang's slap on the reef was so harsh, such a huge ocean, and the Xuanling Emperor Pond that Xiao Yan had visited before, was simply worlds apart!

In the past, it was said that the Xuanling Emperor Pond was several thousand zhang in size, so at this time the vast ocean under Xiao Yan and the others had an area of ​​hundreds of thousands of zhang!

"What is that..." After a short period of surprise, Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly stopped on the three huge islands suspended above the blue ocean!

The three islands are slowly connected to each other, as if there is something that holds them firmly together And at the foot of the three islands, there is a vast ocean, and the three islands are floating on the ocean. They obviously don't know the specific reason!

"The island in the east is the smallest, and I vaguely feel that there are flame fluctuations, and the fire of life and death should be on it." Mu Yingying squeezed out a forehead and said to Xiao Yan.

"I feel it." Xiao Yan agreed slightly.

The three islands, two large and two small, are arranged in the shape of a character, and Xiao Yan seems to feel it. Of these three islands, it seems that two of them exist specifically to protect one island!

"Strange, where..."

"Something seems to be calling me." For some reason, Yue Ru slowly held the top island of the three island glyphs and muttered, and at the same time, the mysterious runes on Yue Ru's forehead became more and more bright.

"On the far left of the character, the smallest island seems to be where the fire of life and death is, and on the far right of the character, it seems to be extremely ferocious, probably where the fighting spirit is."

"And the island at the top of the glyph has a hidden murderous intention, and there is a faint purple appearance, where it should be the place of inheritance..." Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

"Be careful!" Just when Xiao Yan and his group were paying attention to the ocean and the three islands under the sky, Xiu Qi suddenly spoke up.

Before everyone could react, the space channel suddenly disappeared, and Xiao Yan and his party were falling towards Wang Yang at the speed of the comet's fall. The four speeds were as fast as lightning!

Today is ten.