Chapter Vol 4 1306: Soul Eater, Hao Ni'er!

In the ghost world, most of them are in some gloomy places, because the ghosts of ghost world creatures are mostly eerie, and these environments are conducive to their cultivation and growth of strength, but there is one exception.

Soul Eater.

The headquarters of Soul Eater is in a blue sky surrounded by sunlight all day long!

This place is called the City of Soul Eater. The entire castle stands in the sky, surrounded by an extremely tyrannical force of prohibition. This force of prohibition makes many strong people stay away, not to mention that there are still some in the castle. There are many supreme beings in Soul Eater Domain. If someone wants to break into it, I am afraid it is no different from seeking death.

In the sky, a huge castle slowly stood up, and the appearance of the castle was also extremely strange. From a distance, it turned out to be like a "bite", which was quite complicated.

Around the castle, the soldiers who were constantly on patrol walked back and forth to protect the castle, and the inside of the castle was the habitat of the real high-level soul eater.

"I've been restless lately... I don't know why." In the central area of ​​the castle, in the Silver Palace, this Silver Palace is extremely simple, with only a relatively simple up and down steps, and the Silver Throne, above the throne, A beautiful figure leaned on the throne slowly, with her jade hand stroking her piercing beautiful eyes, looking tired.

A faint aura slowly permeated this Qianying's body. Under this aura, it seemed that the whole world was dimmed. Qianying had black hair and gave the delicate face like a porcelain doll to her face. Perfectly outlined [ ], coupled with the seductive body that was slightly bent and leaned on the throne, the whole body revealed a pride of the superior.

"Master has been missing for so long and there is still no news. There are too many incidents inside Soul Eater Domain."

"In addition, there are several tyrannical forces that have been extremely uneasy recently..." Helplessly shook his head, and then gently stood up from the throne.

"Your Majesty, someone has returned from the space teleportation formation and is entering the secret way. Do you want to change the exit of the secret way?" The next moment, a man in black, bathed in black aura, walked directly from the void beside the silver throne. He came out and said respectfully.

"Secret way?"

"Hurry up and change, otherwise it will be found by the powerhouses of the seven courtyards, and it will be a lot of trouble!" When the lazy Her Majesty heard the words, there was a hint of excitement in her beautiful eyes.

This secret path, with its extremely tyrannical prohibition, was set up at the peak of the Lord of Soul Eater, and because of its mysterious nature, only a few of my senior brothers and my master's confidants knew about it, but later the powerhouses of the Seven Courtyards were also Know the exit location.

Now that there are people stepping on this secret way, how can Hao Ni'er not be excited?

"Gollum!" Hearing the words, the man in black nodded slightly, and then on the black robe, a mysterious black rune fell off directly from the black robe, and then slowly attached to the void in front of the two. middle.

"This is..." And as the man in black robe acted like this, the exit of the secret passage was suddenly transferred to the two of them.

"Lord Hao Ni'er, it's really been a long time." The next moment, the void shook slightly, and a rather handsome figure slowly emerged.

"Ghost Son?" Hao Ni'er couldn't help exclaiming.

"You actually didn't die?" The man in black robe was also shocked.

"Hey, drag my lord's blessing, I'm not dead yet." Ghost Soul grinned.

"My lord?"

"Gloomy Soul, what do you mean?" The man in black robe was at a loss when he heard the words.

This ghostly soul and some of the powerhouses in the Soul Eater Domain, at the beginning of the great battle between the Master of Soul Eater and the Lord of Li Soul, after the Lord of Soul Eater was defeated and disappeared bizarrely, the Lord of Li Soul fought the severely injured body, He wanted to obliterate the entire Soul Eater Domain, but fortunately, Lord Hao Ni'er gave up the idea because of the desperate fight against him.

After all, although the Master of Soul Eater disappeared, the high-level people in Li Soul Territory also suffered heavy losses in the previous battle. In the end, the Lord of Li Soul took away many strong men of Soul Eater before he was willing to give up. Those powerhouses are undoubtedly dejected. The reason why the Lord of Li Soul did this was to weaken the strength of Soul Devourer. However, under the leadership of Master Hao Nier, although he lost a lot of powerhouses, he was desperately trying to die. When resisting, the Lord of Li Soul did not dare to fight with Soul Devouring Domain, so he gave up the encirclement and suppression of Soul Devouring Domain by grabbing some Soul Devouring Domain powerhouses as a bargaining chip.

Otherwise, there was no such almighty Lord of Soul Eater at that time. If the Lord of Li Soul insisted on obliterating and annexing the Soul Eater Domain, although it would take a lot of trouble, it would be more than 70% sure.

"You Soul Son, I hope you don't hold grudges against the Senate for what happened back then. These are all my own ideas. If you want to blame me, you can blame me." Hao Ni'er smiled lightly.

"Lord Hao Ni'er, my subordinates dare not."

"When my lord disappeared mysteriously, if it wasn't for Lord Hao Ni'er to stand up, I'm afraid our Soul Eater Domain would have ceased to exist.

"Ghost Son, you just said that my lord saved you?" The man in black robe spoke.

"Yes."

"After we were taken away by the Master of Soul Li, many strong people were directly obliterated, and the remaining strong and tyrannical people resisted the attack of the Master of Soul Li, and were imprisoned by the Master of Soul Li under the Realm of Soul Li. Sealed places everywhere."

"I was imprisoned by the Lord of Li Soul on the Ice and Fire Island on the East Continent of Yinhun. I happened to meet the master a few days ago and was rescued by the master."

"And this time back to Soul Eater is also to tell Lord Hao Ni'er of my lord's revenge plan." Ghost Soul said.

"Ghost Soul, you have been arrested for so many years, who knows your identity, attacking Li Soul Territory is not a child's play..." Heipao man heard the words and couldn't help sneering, although he also wanted to take revenge, but Li Soul Territory's The strength has already surpassed their Soul Eater Domain by too much, not to mention the whereabouts of the Soul Eater Lord is now unknown, and revenge now is probably no different from sending death.

"My lord has long expected this situation, so..." Seeing this, the ghost boy did not hesitate, his palm slowly spread out, and suddenly a small blood-colored rune engraved with countless gloomy and bloody, silent appeared in the palace.

"This is... a Soul Eater Talisman?"

"How is that possible?" Seeing this, the black-robed man couldn't help but burst into shock in his pupils!

"The Soul Eater Talisman... It really is the master's breath on it!" Hao Nier's beautiful eyes swept over the blood-colored rune, and he immediately smelled the familiar breath of the Soul Eater Lord.

"Ghost son, welcome home."

"Take a good rest today Tomorrow, I will gather the strong men of the Senate to discuss the plan to attack Li Soul Domain together." Hao Ni'er's eyes were filled with relief and satisfaction.

"But Your Majesty, the stubborn old people in the Senate, I'm afraid they won't agree to this plan so easily... After all, Soul Eater has only recovered a lot of weather after so many years of management. If it suffers a heavy blow, I'm afraid... ..." The black-robed man was extremely worried.

"Boom boom boom!"

"Darkness!"

"This seat knows that you are kind, but the Soul Eater Talisman is here. If you disobey the order, you will be killed without mercy!"

"Even if it's the Senate, it's the same!" The next moment, a smear of black energy, with the power of the strongest, suddenly hit the black-robed man's body, and then Hao Ni'er snorted coldly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yes, Her Majesty!" Both the ghost soul and the man in the black robe said respectfully.

And Ghost Soul finally knew why this Master Hao Ni'er was the most proud disciple of the Soul Eater Master. Just this kind of arrogance, I am afraid that it is comparable to an extraordinary human being.

"Master, wait a moment, this time, Ni Er will avenge your revenge and take you home." Hao Ni Er sat back on the silver throne, with a strong aura that dominates the world, Slowly filled the entire palace!

In this way, Soul Eater started a series of planning and preparations. When the preparations were completed, they would immediately declare war with Li Soul Domain. At that time, Xiao Yan was probably also joining the Four Great Courts to help the Lord of Soul Eater restore his original power. .

Everything is proceeding in an orderly manner.