Chapter Vol 4 1219: The panic caused by the boundless

"That guy just now, there is a problem." Just pouring into the guardian space on the eighth floor, the land monkey said, obviously sensing something wrong.

"Let's take one step at a time."

"If it's true as Luyin said, our commission will only end on the eighth floor."

"Everyone cheer up, as long as we defeat the guardians of this floor and rescue the wicked imprisoned in the eighth floor, then we will leave Icefire Island and set off for Dongzhou, everyone eats and drinks spicy food! "Yu Yifeng looked at the uneasy feeling in everyone's heart, and immediately laughed, and hurriedly comforted the hearts, after all, if the hearts are scattered, I am afraid that they have not met the guardian of this layer, and they will be self-defeating.

"Hahaha, what the captain said is right." After being left behind by Jade, several people immediately became elated. After all, victory was ahead.

"The space on this floor is not the same as before." As soon as Xiao Yan entered the space on the eighth floor, he calmed down, and the huge soul force went out directly, trying to find a trace of guardian However, what makes Xiao Yan strange is that even with his current strength of soul power, in this space on the eighth floor, he can't use it at all?

That feeling seemed to be his own soul power being imprisoned, making Xiao Yan helpless if he had the strength to do so.

"interesting."

"I originally wanted to rescue my subordinate, and then ask him to find the only soul guardian in Icefire Island to help Xiao Yan break through the soul power of the fairyland, but I didn't expect this guy to escape by himself." But realizing Xiao Yan's depression, the Soul Eater in Xiao Yan's body laughed.

The guardian of this eighth floor may only be a three-star Dou Xian in strength, not too strong, but his soul power is truly a fairyland. Among the three-star Dou Xian's same level, there are almost no humans who can match it.

Furthermore, the space on the eighth floor is rather strange, because it is an unbounded one!

The so-called unbounded is because in this space, there is no forest mountain range or rock like in the past, but a space without any impurities!

The space stretches as far as the eye can see, accompanied by silence and endless darkness, while Xiao Yan and the others are constantly advancing, yet they seem to be standing still.

"This seems to be a dead end?" After a while, Yu Xiaoye couldn't help but be the first to speak because he couldn't stand the torture of being too quiet.

It's strange to say that Yu Xiaoye just opened his mouth, and the voice actually slowly echoed in the space for a long time.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, please use your soul power to investigate." Yu Yifeng also found out that, with his strength in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, he actually found that there was something wrong here, so he said.

It is impossible for them to keep going like this, otherwise they will be trapped here.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded slightly and then mobilized his huge soul power to spread out in all directions, making an appearance of probing.

Xiao Yan knew that this space was probably the proud work of the guardians of the eighth floor, and he was not in a hurry, because Xiao Yan knew that he could not tell them about the failure of his soul power, otherwise, once panic was caused, I am afraid that everyone would not end well. Where to go.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"no result."

"This place seems to be an unbounded place, and the guardian of the eighth floor, although I can't lock his specific location, but I can vaguely perceive its location, he is also in this unbounded piece." After a while, Xiao Yan said.

Although Xiao Yan deliberately concealed the fact that their own soul power seemed to be limited, but through the perception of danger, the guardian of the eighth floor was impressively somewhere in this unbounded place, which was genuine.

"What is this guy doing?" Other people's soul power is quite weak, so naturally they can't detect Xiao Yan's pretence, but Liu Qing's soul power is not low, but he can easily detect Xiao Yan's abnormality. But not dismantled.

"It seems that the eighth floor is far beyond our imagination." At this time, Yu Yifeng also fell into a state of doom. Obviously, he finally gave up the precious things such as the dragon blood crystal, and found a tyrannical soul force. The strong man can't come back in vain.

"Captain, although I can't feel the breath of this guy, I seem to have an intuition."

"This guardian, is the guy who was not masked when we entered the ninth floor last time, but who defeated us easily!" At this time, Razer walked to Yu Yifeng's ear and spoke slightly, not knowing why, For some intuition, it seemed that Razer's judgment was correct.

"Impossible, why didn't I feel it."

"My strength and wind attribute in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals are quite sensitive to the fluctuation of energy. Even I didn't feel it. You must be wrong." Yu Yifeng insisted.

"And... even if it is that guy, we have Xiao Yan's soul power in our team to defend against him. If we really meet him, we can still fight against him!" At the end of the sentence, Yu Yifeng spoke again. said.

"But..." Razer seemed to want to say something, but it seemed like he was hesitant to say anything.

"Captain, this space is so weird."

"I... I feel that the grudge in my body is actually out of my control, and it is slowly passing away!" While Razer and Yu Yifeng were talking, the voice of the land monkey was slightly louder. stand up.

"The vindictiveness is gone?" Hearing that the Earth Monkey said this, the others couldn't help frowning, and then carefully examined their bodies.

"How can it be……"

"What the **** is this place!"

"My grudge is also slowly fading..."

"mine too……"

"Captain, what the **** is going on!" When the land monkey said this, the other people's emotions were also in a high ~ was extremely restless.

"Have you begun..." Xiao Yan and Liu Qing were still calm, and there was a slow flow of fighting spirit in their bodies, but they were not as panicked as the others.

"Aren't you afraid..." At this time, looking at Xiao Yan who was calm and calm, Liu Qing walked over slightly and said with a smile.

"There's nothing to be afraid of."

"Everyone's life is in their own hands."

"Although I know that the guardian in the eighth floor will be a very difficult guy, but it is far from the level that makes me afraid." Xiao Yan's eyes quickly swept across this boundless, and then slowly He slowly said to Liu Qing.

"You are very interesting, and I always feel that we will meet in the future." Liu Qing narrowed her eyebrows and smiled at Xiao Yan.

"He started, be careful." Xiao Yan said, and then stopped talking.

"How can it be……"

"How can it be……"

"How could it be possible..." The next moment, looking at the few people in the team who were in panic, there was a hint of fear on Luyin's little face, and the corners of his mouth kept muttering something.

"impossible!"

"Isn't it perched on the first six floors all the time? How could it come to the eighth floor!"

"It, it's on!"

"We all have to die!" At this moment, all the thoughts in Luyin's heart were replaced by fear, and she kept roaring in her mouth.

. full book m.