Chapter 667: light path request

"Boom boom boom!" Rocks of hundreds of meters in size rose directly to the ground, and then gathered in the sky, facing the three white life force energy **** whistling from the light path, I was not afraid!

"It seems that Xiao Yan is really strong." The next moment, Guang Lu's arrogance also sank instantly, because he knew better than anyone the attractiveness and danger of Sheng Yan!

For them, a holy flame is so precious and hard to find!

It can be said unceremoniously that even in the entire Xuanling Continent, even in Xuantian Santian, there is no trace of the holy flame spread out, which also creates the treasure of holy flame!

And Guanglu and Anli are not from Xuanling Continent, they are from other continents on Dou Di Sifang Continent, and they came to Fenxiang Pavilion just for cultivation!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying wind-attribute energy ball was suddenly absorbed by the rock fragment, and then turned into dust, without any trace of dust.

"All stop." At the next moment, Guang Lu opened his mouth slightly, and there was a rare gratification in his voice.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he did not immediately attack, but slowly stared at Guanglu. With his powerful soul power, Xiao Yan had already found that Guanglu's life force was fully recovered, as if he had given up fighting.

"Captain..." Seeing this, Qianzhang was in a hurry. He was about to defeat Xiao Yan and the others and get the wooden card to enter the three major mountain ranges.

"Xiao Yan, the attack you just unleashed should have come from the power of Holy Flame, right?" Guanglu asked in a stunned look.

"Well... it was discovered." Xiao Yan did not deny it. After all, this terrifying attack intensity is probably only possessed by the holy flame, and each holy flame has unique attributes, which naturally cannot escape the eyes of the light path.

"It really is holy flame!"

"No wonder I was able to kill the twin ghost emperors." The next moment, Guang Lu laughed in relief.

"What kind of medicine is sold in this Guanglu gourd?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder.

"Xiao Yan, I'm not from this Xuanling Continent. For you, we are just outsiders, but I was born in a royal family, and I came to Burning Incense Pavilion in order to avoid the open and secret battles between the court."

"My father in the family has a serious illness that cannot be cured without holy flames."

"If it is possible, I would like to invite Brother Xiao Yan to go to the empire after the sect competition and rescue my father. As for the reward, Brother Xiao Yan can just mention it!" Guanglu said with a hoarse voice in his voice. .

"What the hell?" Xiao Yan felt his heart sink somewhat.

"This light path..." Mu Feng and Mu Feng were a little surprised when they heard the words.

Even they, when they are fighting, can feel the invisible sense of contempt in the light path. From this look, they know that they were born extraordinary, and now they lower their posture for the father and king, it can be seen that his father importance of the king to him.

"Imperial forces are too complicated, I'd better not go to this muddy water." Xiao Yan shook his head slowly.

Cailin has already established a firm foothold among the Medusa clan. After the sect competition is over, she will follow Cailin to find Xun'er. At that time, the family mystery is still haunting her, so how can she help this Guanglu?

"Xiao Yan, I beg you, you must help me!" The next moment, Guanglu's knees bent directly, and then instantly knelt down to face him!

"Light……"

"Captain!" At that time, the four members of the Dawn Team shouted loudly!

Ever since they joined the Fenxiang Pavilion, the three of them, Tan Shaoyang and Qianzhang Qianqiu, have very much agreed with this light path, not only because of his magnificent bearing, but also because of the captain's spirit who knows how to be anxious, so that the three of them are willing to be teammates.

"I didn't expect that the holy flame on Xiao Yan's body could actually make Guanglu, who has always been arrogant and arrogant, let go of his so-called pride. Since he was born to the present, in all these years, I have never seen Guang like this..." Secretly heartbroken Can not help but a little cold.

"I promise you, if I have time, I will naturally go there, but although I have Holy Flame, I don't dare to guarantee this thing." Xiao Yan could only say helplessly!

"Xiao Yan, thank you."

"But in the sect competition, I won't lose to you." Guanglu instantly regained his composure, stood up, and said to Xiao Yan.

"I also hope that I can have a good fight!" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Okay, since that's the case, then Anli and I will also leave Luoling Mountain, just for the three of you..." After Guanglu finished speaking, he naturally felt a little ashamed. These three thousand feet were eliminated because of themselves. .

"Captain, it's fine. Since Brother Xiao Yan has agreed to see your father, then we will naturally not be **** others."

"Since we're leaving, let's go together." The three of them said at the same time, without the slightest resentment because of Guanglu's presumptuous proposition.

"Okay!"

"Guanglu didn't see the wrong person!" After Guanglu finished speaking, he took out a wooden token from his arms, threw it directly to Xiao Yan, and then clasped his fists to say goodbye.

"Xiao Yan, farewell, I hope you can defeat the ground team, those guys in the ground team, but even I find it difficult."

"We are waiting for your triumph in the Burning Incense Pavilion." As soon as the words fell, Shi Lu left here with his four captains.

At that time, there were only five people left here, Xiao Yan.

"This……"

"Is this a soldier who subdues without fighting?" Mu Feng joked.

"Come on, don't be sloppy, quickly restore the grudge in your body, and prepare to enter the three major mountain ranges." Xiao Yan gave Mu Feng a helpless glance.

"Hey, I have a hunch, it seems that the calamity is about to end." Several high-level medicinal pills appeared in Mu Feng's hands, and then he swallowed them without hesitation.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Me too." Green Flute was also like Mu Feng.

"Since that's the case, we'd better enter first to make a breakthrough. Otherwise, if we stay in the outside world for too long, I'm afraid that the guys from the ground team will take the lead." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Xiao Yan..."

"Is that flame on your body really holy flame?" Ling Xuan walked slightly to Xiao Yan's side and whispered.

Shengyan What a familiar name, but it is something that countless people have been searching for throughout their lives!

Once you have a holy flame, you can be said to be a real powerhouse!

There are many secrets in the holy flame, but as for what kind of power and power it possesses, I am afraid that only the owner of the holy flame can know.

"Yes." Xiao Yan said lightly.

However, when Xiao Yan just used the Heavenly Burial of Shattered Rocks, Xiao Yan clearly felt that his control over Saint Flame was not absolute, and he couldn't help but take some precautions against the Spiritual Heart Rock of Saint Flame in his body.

In other words, Xiao Yan just felt that Xinyan's control over Shengyan even surpassed him!

"Are you alright?" Xinyan naturally didn't know what Xiao Yan was thinking, so she spoke slightly.

"It's fine." Xiao Yan responded.

"What is this guy doing?"

"Could it be that he found something?"

"But it shouldn't be. The source power of the Holy Flame was also swallowed by him. As for the burial of the broken rock, there shouldn't be any clues..."

"It's really strange. I hope he won't find out. If I don't, I will die." Xinyan said slightly in her heart, and then she fell silent.

"This guy actually has holy flame..." At this moment, the pride that Lingxuan was proud of was indifferent.

"Okay, let's hurry up and recover the vindictive qi, and we will enter directly." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he took the lead in swallowing the medicinal pill and then continued to absorb it. When the others saw this, they also imitated it.

Ask for tickets!