Chapter Vol 4 1087: Detonate 23 kinds of different fire origins!

"Hahaha."

"Boy, feel the embrace of death!" The next moment, King Xuanling ignored the other battles, raised his fingers slightly, and swept away from where Xiao Yan was.

"Crash!" A beam of destruction fused by the power of life and death, black and white, directly attacked Xiao Yan with the majestic power to destroy everything.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"Seven feet in a row!" When Xiao Yan saw this attack, his brows wrinkled, obviously from a long distance, he could feel the terrifying power contained in it.

"Shabu Shabu!" Seven incomparably huge 100-foot-long awns poured down directly from the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire Eternal Fire. Immediately, when they kept surging, the seven huge chi-shaped awns were vaguely converged into a thousand-zhang-sized beam. amazing light!

After a few breaths, Xiao Yan's thousand-foot-inch beam and Xuanling King's black and white finger beams touched each other lightly.

"Whoosh whoosh!" The terrifying ripples that were enough to destroy the Seven-Star Dou Emperor or even the Eight-Star Dou Emperor suddenly emerged from the center of the battle.

And that kind of stalemate fluctuation didn't last long, Xiao Yan's ray of light suddenly dimmed, and then it was completely penetrated by the black and white light beam, and then hit Xiao Yan hard.

"Pfft!" A mouthful of bright red blood was spit out by such a powerful blow!

If it wasn't for the attack of the seventh-layer breaking sky ruler that greatly weakened this power of life and death, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's strength in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor would have completely fallen under this attack.

Being attacked in this way, Xiao Yan's aura became slightly quieter, apparently because of King Xuanling's attack, and because of the battle qi consumed by the use of the Seventh Level Breaking Sky Ruler.

"Hahaha."

"I see how many times you can resist!" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, King Xuanling couldn't help laughing. Obviously, he was enjoying this feeling very much at this time.

"Xuanling Hand!" At the next moment, the figure of King Xuanling leaped into the sky and said to Xiao Yan.

As soon as the voice fell, an incomparably huge blood-red hand appeared slowly.

The Xuanling Hand Xiao Yan has also dealt with it before, but no one has the power of the Xuanling King!

"The sky... the first finger!"

"Second finger!"

"Third...third finger!" And Xiao Yan gritted his teeth hard when he saw the attack that could easily destroy him. Immediately, his dark pupils suddenly closed, and an extremely terrifying wave also emerged.

"Boom boom boom!" The two were fighting each other, but this time, it was Xiao Yan who was still injured. After all, there was a four-level difference in strength between the two!

"Pfft!" Zaidu spurted out a mouthful of blood, Xiao Yan's face was extremely pale at this time.

"The power in this guy is not right."

"It's clearly a human being, but the power of the evil races outside the body is so strong... and maybe it has the smell of a blood demon." Xiao Yan's breath was extremely weak, but he continued to analyze.

Xiao Yan knew that his last trump card now was only two Saint Flame Crystals.

However, the Holy Flame Crystal of Ghost Face and Soul Flame can only be used completely by beheading the Gorefiend. Now the last half of the Gorefiend is missing inexplicably, and Xiao Yan's attack just now was to prove his conjecture.

The reason why King Xuanling possessed such a strong foreign power is because he swallowed the Gorefiend!

"It seems to be true, there is only that way."

"Although I am a little reluctant to give up, but..." Xiao Yan said, a sudden burst of determination.

Xiao Yan had tasted the power of combining the two holy flames before, but he was resisted by them. The source of the resistance factor was not the power of the two holy flames, but the difference in the depths of Xiao Yan's body. fire.

Therefore, Xiao Yan guessed that if he wanted to fuse holy flames, he would have to expel all the strange fires in his body before they could fuse perfectly.

"Kid, die!" And King Xuanling seemed to have lost his patience as he watched passively being beaten all the time. A trace of blood-colored evil aura continued to radiate from under his feet, a burst of energy that was enough to kill Doudi peak powerhouses. Killing move, slowly brewing.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Only by detonating the source of twenty-three kinds of different fires, can the resistance of the different fires to the holy flame be completely eradicated."

"But this is a gamble... After the expulsion, there will be no strange fire in the body, maybe it will hurt the source, if at that time, the holy flame can't be merged, then..."

"Teacher Gudi Tuoshe, bless me." Xiao Yan muttered softly, and then did not hesitate.

"Xiao Yan, what do you want to do!"

"That thing is absolutely not good!" Cai Lin suddenly said, as if realizing Xiao Yan's decision.

"Is there a better way?" Xiao Yan asked.

"For the time being...no more...but you still have other things to do. In that case, the price would be too high." Cailin said.

"I won't watch the people around me fall in front of me...unless they step on my corpse." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, without hesitating, he directly activated the internal burning art.

"Yihuo Square, come out for me!" Xiao Yan hummed suddenly, and a square with a size of several hundred meters appeared directly.

"What is this?" Looking at this sudden appearance, King Xuanling couldn't help hesitating. With his perception, he could smell the smell of flames from the Square of Different Fire. The power of this flame There is no holy flame tyrannical, but it should not be underestimated.

"The 23rd on the Different Fire List, Xuan Huangyan, return to your place!"

"The 22nd on the list of different fires, the fire of all beasts, return to your place!"

"..."

"Second in the list of different fires, nothingness swallows the flames, return to your place!"

"The strange fire in the Yin Corpse Forest, return to your place!" As Xiao Yan continued to speak out, the flames of different colors burst out of Xiao Yan's body directly, and all attached to the huge stone pillars in the Square of Different Fire. !

"Humph."

"Boy, no matter how many tricks you play, you can't escape death today." King Xuanling said resentfully, and the attack in his hand did not stop.

"Hahaha."

"King Xuanling, if you want to take my Xiao Yan's life, then I will also give you a big gift."

"The power of the strange fire, give me a blast! Explode! Explode!" And Xiao Yan saw that as many as twenty-three kinds of different fires appeared here, and his heart was slightly reluctant, but for the lives of Sheng Yan and everyone, he directly drank it one sound.

"What!" As Xiao Yan's voice fell, a majestic energy that penetrated the sky and the earth suddenly compressed and suddenly burst out.

"Self-exploding strange fire?"

"Big brother, you..." And Xiao Yi, who was beside him, felt Xiao Yan's means and couldn't help roaring!

For Xiao Yan, the strange fire is no different from life. If twenty-three kinds of strange fire are directly detonated, I am afraid that the sequelae will be quite serious.

"Let him go." And Long Yi said slightly Haha, good boy, I didn't expect that this guy really found out. "

"Although the different fire is good, it is not enough to accommodate the rules of this great world. Only the holy flame can help you reach the peak, and the different fire is only your obstacle."

"Abandon the strange fire and obtain the holy flame to truly transform!"

"Break and then stand."

"I am afraid that the tyrannical power obtained by detonating the strange fire can cause a lot of injuries to the Xuanling King..." The Soul Eater on the side said with a smile.

"Hahaha."

"King Xuanling, feel the great gift I gave you!" After Xiao Yan directly cut off the connection between the strange fire and himself, it exploded. At that time, there was no trace of the power of the strange fire in Xiao Yan's body. And because of this detonation, Xiao Yan's power suddenly dropped to the level of a five-star fighting emperor!

"This little bastard..." And King Xuanling watched the flames full of devouring, ice and many properties explode at the same time, and a touch of fear poured into his heart.

"Boom boom boom!" Detonating twenty-three kinds of different fires, such a means, throughout the ages, I am afraid that only Xiao Yan has such audacity!

In the entire altar, a world of flames like the end of the world was slowly born.

There are too many different fires. I will expel them all here, otherwise the writing will be too complicated and everyone will look ugly.

However, these strange fires, the flame beasts in Xiao Yan's body and Xiao Yi still have their origins, and there will be drama in the future.

still coding

Guarantee four changes