Chapter Vol 4 1202: 27,000 inscriptions!

"Tsk tsk tsk, I didn't expect this little girl to be from the Holy See..." Seeing such violent energy fluctuations in the field, the Soul Eater who was hiding in Xiao Yan's body said slowly.

"The Holy See?"

"What is that?" Xiao Yan was surprised by Liu Qing's sudden and tyrannical blow while condensing the pattern.

"The Holy See is quite a powerful force. Even all the powers of the eight major races in your mouth are like playing a family in front of them." Soul Eater said.

"It won't be so strong, will it?" Xiao Yan's heart suddenly turned dark when he heard the words.

"Cough, of course, this has to exclude your perverted Xiao clan." Seeing Xiao Yan's doubts, the Soul Eater explained.

The power of the Holy See is indeed powerful, but how can it be compared with the Xiao Clan? You must know that the Xiao Clan is at the top of the world. Although this Holy See is tyrannical, compared with the real Xiao Clan, it is nothing short of nothing.

"Do you know the resurrection magic?" The Soul Eater asked.

"The resurrection magic that claims to be able to revive all living beings?" Xiao Yan said in surprise.

"The angel family masters the resurrection magic, and under the angel family, there are countless vassal races, of which the Holy See is undoubtedly the most powerful one."

"The Holy See believes in angels. They publicize the virtues of angels in the lower realm, thereby accumulating the power of faith for the angel family, and the angels give gifts to the Holy See in the lower realm every once in a while."

"And the girl in front of me, just relying on my induction, the light energy on her body is too huge, I'm afraid her status is not low in the Holy See." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Forget it, let's end these things first." Xiao Yan shook his head and did not think about other things for the time being.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying storm of light lasted for about five minutes before slowly dissipating, and the location of the original two-star Dou Xian late stage crime guard was forcibly bombed out in a range of more than tens of meters , a huge crater with a depth of more than tens of meters.

"How is the situation?" Shuiyue looked at Liu Qing who was motionless, and couldn't help but speak.

"He... is not dead." Liu Qing shook his head slightly, his voice full of indifference.

"what?"

"It's not dead?" Shuiyue couldn't help being shocked when she heard this.

The evil aura on the guard's body was undoubtedly restrained by the light element. Under this restraint, the gap in strength would be infinitely narrowed, and Liu Qing's attack just now was quite terrifying. There was no such terrifying attack. To obliterate the sin guard, I am afraid that it is more difficult to defeat the sin guard with just a few of them.

"Susu."

"I didn't expect to meet a little girl of the light element." In the deep pit, a voice full of hatred and evil resounded slowly.

"It's so despicable!" Everyone in Shuiyue looked at the sound and saw that at the bottom of the deep pit, the late two-star Dou Xian guard tightly held the corpse of the late one-star Dou Xian who had just passed out!

At this time, the corpse of the late stage of Yixing Douxian was tightly held, and even the evil power on that body collapsed in an instant under the attack of Liu Qingguang's Dou Qi, and the entire body became fragmented.

"Wow!" The late two-star Dou Xian guard directly threw the guard who had lost all vitality at random, and then walked towards Liu Qing step by step. Seeing his fierce eyes, he was eager to give Liu Qing to him directly. Generally swallowed.

"Miss Liu, let's go!" At this time, Shuiyue didn't have time to explain too much, she went directly to Liu Qing and opened her hands and said.

Liu Qing's attack just now was powerful, but it undoubtedly consumed too much vindictive energy, causing her body to be quite weak now.

"You... all have to die!" The sin guards of the late two-star Dou Xian didn't seem to intend to give them any chance to breathe. They directly exuded extremely dazzling evil power, trying to swallow everyone up.

"Damn...that's it..." At this time, even Shuiyue felt a sense of powerlessness.

"Haha, after being arrogant for so long, it's time for you to taste the power of this formation." Just when Erren was overwhelmed, a burst of laughter slowly swept away.

"Formation?" But the sin guard in the later stage of the Two-Star Dou Xian said abruptly.

"Boom!" As soon as the voice fell, the space surrounded by the altar suddenly became hot, and a trace of tyrannical power continued to emerge.

"The molten world?"

"Not good." When Shuiyue saw this, the space in the altar instantly turned into a molten world, and she jumped up, trying to escape.

Fire and water are incompatible.

"This is my formation, and it won't cause any harm to everyone."

"Sorry, I'm a little late." Xiao Yan's figure slowly came to the side of the two, and then a gentle force was transmitted directly to Liu Qing's body.

Shuiyue on the side heard the words, and also stood slightly above the molten world, but found that the molten world was only hot and had nothing else.

"This..." Feeling such a soft power, Liu Qing's complexion improved slightly, but Liu Qing also wondered, who is this Xiao Yan sacred.

"Leave this guy to me." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his figure flashed and he came directly to the guard.

"Sister Liu, I'm sorry for causing you trouble." At this time, Yu Xiaoye also returned to normal, came to Liu Qing, and buried her head slightly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's alright, it was the first time I encountered such a situation, and I haven't done as well as you..." Ji Qing comforted.

"Sister Liu, Xiao Yan, can he really defeat this guy..." Until now ~ Yu Xiaoye's negative emotions towards Xiao Yan were completely resolved.

"I don't know, but this crime guard has consumed a lot of strength in the battle just now, so it should be okay..." Liu Qing finished speaking, trying to recover his fighting spirit. Once Xiao Yan was defeated, she would take action. .

"Twenty-seven thousand pattern patterns..." Xiao Yan said slowly when he came to the Guilty Guard.

The crime guard at this time had already consumed too much of his source power under Liu Qing's attack just now, so with the addition of the formation, Xiao Yan was confident enough to obliterate him.

"Next, let me take your life." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his figure suddenly appeared like a ghost in all directions of the formation.

"Damn, if it wasn't for the fact that the light energy on the little girl just consumed too much source power, I'm afraid you, a boy in the early stage of Star Fighting Immortals, could crush you to death with just one finger!" A voice.

"Hehe, you should take care of yourself first." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the figure suddenly appeared behind the criminal guard, and then his palm suddenly pushed out, and a hot wave of terror suddenly radiated out.

"Pfft!" The crime guard was hit by such a blow, and a mouthful of blood spurted out, and in the blood, it turned out to be a rare black color!

Until this time, the face of the sin guard turned completely gloomy!

Because he knows that there seems to be some mysterious power in this formation that suppresses him, if he doesn't escape from here, then he is very likely to fall completely!

. Wonderful Bookstore