Chapter 372: The mysterious power from the 7th floor of the underground palace!

"What a terrifying wave..." Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes wrinkled slightly, and then stared intently at the vortex swirling above the water surface!

In that vortex, there is an extremely small figure!

"Gulugulu!" Huge blisters also emanated from the center of the vortex, and the next moment, the figure of the little loli also appeared.

The first thing that caught Mu Yingying's eyes was a very small figure.

It seemed that this figure was not even one meter tall. Compared with Mu Yingying, she looked really short, but the delicate face of Little Loli also surprised Mu Yingying, with watery eyes and hair. It is shoulder-length short hair, and a black evening dress is also a perfect way to show the newly developed figure!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Besides, what attracted the most attention on this woman was the big eyes. Mu Yingying stared at it for a while, but also found that she seemed a little sloppy, and immediately shook her head violently, trying to make herself a little more awake. , and then the next moment, he also said, "Who are you?"

"And listening to your tone just now, you seem to have met another person with a flame besides me!"

"where is he?"

Mu Yingying also didn't give Little Loli a chance to breathe, and then asked a series of questions.

Because the only people who entered the Xuanling Emperor Pond were the three of them in the Incense Pavilion. If they also possessed the same flame power...

It could only be Xiao Yan!

"Big sister, you asked such a question in one breath, how can I remember it..." Little Loli also looked harmless, her big watery eyes staring at Mu Yingying fiercely.

"Who the **** are you!" Mu Yingying didn't look directly into the big watery eyes of the little loli!

"You don't need to know who I am." Little Loli also concealed her smile and said to Mu Yingying.

"Humph!" Mu Yingying snorted coldly, and then the blue flames suddenly spun around her body, and the next moment, it turned into a spear and attacked the little loli viciously away!

"Shabu!" The azure-blue energy flame spear suddenly came to Little Loli's side the next moment, and surprisingly, the majestic spear stagnated around Little Loli!

"Big sister, why don't you do anything if you don't agree? No one likes girls who fight and kill." Little Loli also made a slight voice, and then she waved her fleshy palm lightly, and then Mu Yingying attacked. The energy spear that came here also turned into powder all over the sky, floating on the sea surface!

"Damn..." Seeing this, Mu Yingying suddenly realized something!

Because of the blow that little Loli just made, it seems simple, but in fact it contains extremely terrifying power to make it possible!

Because Mu Yingying is already at the half-step five-star Dou Emperor level at this time, even the ordinary five-star Dou Emperor late stage is quite difficult to deal with...

How could it be thought that the seemingly weak woman in front of her had such a terrifying power in her body!

"By the way, the person who has the same flame as you, big sister, he may die without a burial when he enters a mysterious place..." Little Loli also said slowly.

"Humph!"

"It's a mystery!" Mu Yingying also snorted coldly, but at this time Mu Yingying knew that she was not the opponent of this little loli in front of her, so she immediately had the intention of retreating.

"This Xuanling Emperor Pond hasn't come to such a beautiful person for many years. Big sister, can you stay with me?" Little Loli's pupils also slowly emitted a wave, and then she stared at Mu Yingying, saying a word one sentence.

"I will not accompany you!" Mu Yingying also said softly, and the next moment, her speed suddenly skyrocketed, trying to escape from this little loli!

"I have existed in this Xuanling Emperor Pond for a thousand years, and nowhere in this place can escape my perception, so..."

"It's better to give up." The next moment, Little Loli's figure also bent down and disappeared above the water.

When Mu Yingying heard the words, she did not feel discouraged at all, but continued to speed up and escape from the place where this little loli existed.

"Huhuhu." After Mu Yingying's speed increased, she kept walking for a few minutes, leaving a distance of dozens of kilometers, and then her toes slightly touched the surface of the water, gasping for breath.

"Big sister." A crisp voice also appeared in Mu Yingying's ears instantly. Then Mu Yingying also saw this, the water surface in front of her was spinning, and the center of the rotation was that little loli!

"Damn it!" This time, Mu Yingying also understood the seriousness of the matter, and immediately her beautiful eyes sank slightly, and then she stared at Little Loli intently!

"Big sister, why can't you run away?"

"because…"

"I'm the witch in this Xuanling Imperial Pond." After the little Loli finished speaking, a strange smile appeared on the corner of her mouth, and the next moment, there was a terrifying wave in her pupils.

On the witch's body, those big watery eyes, for some unknown reason, actually spun round and round.

The next moment, Mu Yingying also fell into a sluggishness and was out of control.

"Whee."

"Big sister, now we can be together forever!" The witch also laughed strangely a few times, and then walked towards where Mu Yingying was!

What the witch just performed was one of his charm techniques. This charm technique has a great success rate for those whose strength is lower than her own, so Mu Yingying had no defenses, so she was also caught.

At this moment, Mu Yingying stood on the water surface slightly sluggishly, with her eyes open, but motionless, like a statue!

"Hee hee, big sister, let's go, I'll take you to my palace."

"We'll be together forever!" The witch was also close to Mu Yingying, only to realize that the woman exuded an extremely holy aura, as beautiful as a fairy who doesn't eat fireworks.

After doing all this, the witch also raised her chubby palm and just wanted to hold Mu Yingying, but a terrifying voice echoed in this space!

"Move her!"

"Death!" Above the water surface, the space was also distorted, and then an extremely hot wave was emitted from the distorted space!

The flame power appears strangely black, but the damage to the witch is not low at all!

"Shabu!" The next moment, in the twisted space, a black flame with a destructive aura also appeared out of thin air, and then smashed viciously on the witch's body!

"The power of holy flame?" At this moment, the witch also had a rare solemnity on her face!

Because of the attack of the black flame just now, has blocked all the escape routes around her!

At this time, the witch has various degrees of damage all over her body!

That chubby palm is also constantly bleeding black blood...

"damn it!"

"It's really unlucky!" After the witch finished speaking, she no longer hesitated, and she suddenly covered her head and plunged into the water!

one strike!

Seriously injured!

The power of this black flame is so terrifying!

On the seventh floor of the underground palace, a certain space here is also distorted.

At this time, a huge figure penetrated by chains, emitting extremely terrifying black flames from top to bottom.

"Yingying, hurry up!" A voice was also introduced into the distorted space, and the distorted space was suddenly closed at the next moment.

"What did you just do!" The next moment, a breath like a waking giant dragon suddenly sounded on the seventh floor of the underground palace!

"Hahaha!"

"Human old dog!"

"It's not that easy to devour this king." The figure whose body was penetrated by chains also laughed.

"Humph!"

"You won't be able to jump for long." The mysterious old man didn't care about that.

The next moment, the seventh floor of the underground palace also returned to calm, but the corner of the mouth of the figure penetrated by countless chains seemed to be whispering something.

Ask for tickets!