Chapter Vol 2 842: Mystery!

On the highest point in Guanghan Island, in front of the Purple Crystal Palace, many people stayed here.

"what happened?"

"Why don't you go in?"

"Don't get in the way if you don't go in." A man said with disdain.

To be able to come to the place where the last relics of Guanghan Island are inherited is naturally some strong guys.

"You guy, don't you know what's going on, don't you know what's going on inside?"

"If you want to go in and die, we won't stop you." The girl said with a coquettish anger.

"Qian'er, don't make trouble." Song Yue took a step forward and said immediately.

"It's actually a person from Wanjianmen, and he almost caused trouble." Others don't know Hongqian, but everyone knows Song Yue, a famous person. After all, Song Yue is not only Song's strength but also his temperament. , can be regarded as a leader.

"Senior Brother Song, there is a legacy of heritage in this purple crystal palace, why don't you go in?" After a while, a mighty voice sounded slightly.

It was Feng Hong who spoke now.

"Feng Hong, the two of you came just in time." Song Yue was naturally overjoyed when he heard this.

"What's the matter?" Seeing Song Yue's expression like this, Feng Hong immediately felt that something had happened and asked.

"We just entered the matter of Guanghan Island and went to other places. We didn't come to the Purple Crystal Palace for the first time."

"Now that we came here, we found something unusual." Song Yue said.

"Something unusual?" Feng Hong heard the words, his sturdy muscles shrank slightly.

"The gate of this palace seems to have been opened." Looking at Song Yue who was hesitating to speak, Feng Hong glanced at the gate of the palace not far from everyone, and found that the gate had been opened.

"It's true that someone went in, but..."

"Everyone who entered is dead." After Song Yue finished speaking, he pointed to several corpses that had lost their breath nearby.

"Dead?" At this time, in the crowd, Meng Fei of Dan Valley and his little entourage suddenly said from the crowd.

"I'm a pharmacist, I'll take a look." Meng Fei directly crossed the crowd, then came to Song Yue and the others, and walked towards the corpse.

"What's the reason?" Feng Hong originally wanted to take Du Chun to see it, but when he thought that the Ancient Desolate Palace only had extraordinary insights into physical cultivation, and he knew little about other things, he let Meng Fei go there. , after all, Meng Fei is a pharmacist, I am afraid he knows a little bit.

"I don't know." Song Yue shook his head upon hearing this.

"do not know?"

"How did these people die?" Feng Hong suddenly became puzzled when he heard the words.

"It's because I don't know how they died, so no one has entered the palace for a long time now."

"But the only thing I know now is that these people opened the gate of the palace and entered it."

"It didn't take long, but it was thrown directly from the gate." Song Yue shook his head.

"It's really evil." Du Chun heard this and couldn't help but say.

This purple crystal palace will undoubtedly be the biggest treasure in the ruins this time, but everyone is actually trapped at the door, which is a bit...

"Is there such a strange thing?" The puppet mansion Hua Lexin on the side heard the words, and immediately stepped forward slightly.

"very strange……"

"There are no strange scars all over the body, and in the body, the soul and fighting spirit are all there, but why is there no vitality?"

"How on earth did this person die?" Meng Fei looked at the few people who died, and immediately became puzzled. Obviously, this mysterious cause of death troubled everyone.

But what Meng Fei didn't notice was that on the surface of these people's bodies, at the heart, there was a faint scar that was hard to see with the naked eye.

"What exactly is going on?"

"We've all come here, we can't go back empty-handed, right?"

"No, no..." There were continuous whispers around.

Just when everyone was wondering, a middle-aged man came here.

"The gate of the palace was actually opened?"

"These idiots, the real treasure is in the palace. Since you don't dare to go, I'll go first." The middle-aged man finished speaking and swept away directly at the purple crystal palace.

He knew that he was the first to enter, and the treasure inside must be his own. Immediately, there was a trace of greed in his pupils, and even the scene of how attractive the treasure was echoed in his mind.

Looking at the man's actions, none of the people present stopped him.

Because they don't know what the mystery is in this purple crystal palace, why these people died mysteriously.

"Gulu!" As the middle-aged man entered the purple crystal palace, the door was closed directly.

One minute.

Two minutes.

five minutes.

There was no strange sound in the purple crystal palace.

"Why is this person alright?" Hua Lexin immediately asked with some doubts.

Didn't Song Yue say that everyone who entered the Purple Crystal Palace died mysteriously?

Why is the person who just entered all right?

If it's all right, I'm afraid that the treasure inside will be obtained by that guy.

"Don't look at me, I don't know." Song Yue seemed to notice that the eyes of many strong men were staring at him, and immediately waved his hands helplessly.

"Ah ah ah!" Just when everyone was thinking about getting started, the tightly closed gate of the purple crystal palace actually cracked open a crack in the door, and the middle-aged man who just entered was thrown directly. fly out!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Immediately, the gate of the Purple Crystal Palace was hidden like that.

"This..." The thoughts that everyone had just had in their hearts were instantly shattered.

"Catch him!" At this moment, Meng Fei was too busy to think about anything!

The reality is in front of him He can't bear to believe it!

As soon as Meng Fei's voice fell, Feng Ran, the young entourage beside Meng Fei, jumped up and instantly caught the middle-aged man.

"Bring it to me!" Meng Fei's face was solemn. Obviously, although there were a lot of treasures in this purple crystal palace, it was undoubtedly full of danger.

"What's the matter with this person's screams just now?" Meng Fei checked it and found that the blood in this person's body was still warm, but at this time, there was no vitality, and he obviously didn't know what he had experienced.

"How is it?" Song Yue hurriedly asked.

"do not know."

"These people who died, the cause of death cannot be found out at all."

"There are no scars on the surface of the body, not even the soul strength and grudge have been lost. I really can't think of how these guys died."

"It seems that this purple crystal palace seems to be much more dangerous than we thought." At this time, many strong men stopped slightly, obviously in the face of death and huge temptation, they still maintained a trace of reason. .

"Maybe, let me try." Just when everyone was confused and helpless, a slim woman suddenly appeared in front of everyone.

The woman held an oil-paper umbrella, very much like the woman who came out of the painting, with three thousand blue silk, a face like a goose egg, and a slightly erect nose bridge, which was quite graceful, and even her figure seemed to be unable to withstand the grip of others. !

"People from Heartless Valley?" Hong Qian suddenly said.