Chapter Vol 4 1541: Terrible Swallowing!

"Who was that guy just now?" As the man in black robe left, Luo Menglan said in disbelief. Obviously, the strength of the man in black robe just now was far from being tyrannical for the two of them. To lure away the ice demon swordsman like this, surely Something will happen, and now with the ice demon swordsman leaving, the treasures below are within easy reach, which made Luo Menglan hesitate for a while.

"I don't know, it should also be a disciple of our Spiritual Academy. Come in and practice." Xiao Gui laughed inwardly, but he would definitely not tell the truth, and immediately wanted to see what Luo Menglan would choose in front of the treasure and his eldest brother.

"No, no, that guy's strength is too weak. If he leads the ice demon swordsman away like this, there may be an accident, and if he can enter Lingshan, he must be a disciple of our Lingyuan. Let's go out and save him!" Luo Menglan Hearing this, she was in a hurry. Dai Mu didn't look at the treasure below, she looked directly at the place where the two ice demon swordsmen left, and walked around, trying to chase away.

"Don't worry, the black-robed man just now had an extremely tyrannical flame fluctuation. In my opinion, it should be the power of the heavenly seed, so we don't have to worry about it."

"After all, even if you can't defeat the Ice Demon Swordsman, you can still escape safely." Xiao Gui looked at Luo Menglan's actions, and was immediately moved, it seemed that he really did not see the wrong person.

"How do you know... That's the middle stage of the three-star fight against the four-star fight, no, no."

"Let's go, big man." As soon as the voice fell, a grudge surged from his body, his speed skyrocketed, and he hurriedly headed outside. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Just trust me."

"Let's go and see the mysterious treasure below." Xiao Gui said.

It was strange to say that on the left arm of Xiao Gui that was hit by the glacier sword qi, a rather small mark appeared, and this mark was filled with the frightening cold energy, but at this time it was covered by the ghost qi on Xiao Gui's body. , there is no change at once, but if the extreme cold air breaks out, it will also become a scourge in the future.

"En." Luo Menglan nodded slowly when she heard Xiao Gui's stalemate.

After a while, the two embraced each other and walked towards the bottom of the frozen lake. At the same time, Xiao Yan was also in full swing with the ice demon swordsman.

"Hehe... Leaving here means leaving your territory and coming to this open space. I'll see how you fight against me." In the dark passage that had entered the frozen lake, Xiao Yan's figure and the ice demon swordsman You were chasing me one after the other, and Xiao Yan deliberately slowed down to prevent the ice demon swordsman from getting lost.

With Xiao Yan's soul power, he could easily detect the treasure hidden under the ice layer of the lake. Although he didn't know the specific appearance of the thing, he vaguely felt that it seemed to be only for the ice-type powerhouse. It is useful, but it is probably of no use to the powerhouses of other attributes. In addition to the reason of Xiao Gui, this is the scene where Xiao Yan directly leads the ice demon swordsman out.

"Boom!" With every step of the ice demon swordsman's body, ice strands suddenly appeared overwhelming.

"Xuuuu." With a sound, Xiao Yan and the ice demon swordsman left the dark passage at the same time, and came to a dark passage!

Coming out of the secret passage, it turned out to be a rather vast open space, and there were no traces of any other spirit beasts in this area, so it was obvious that this was also the domain of the Ice Demon Swordsman.

"It's here... this is your resting place." In an instant, Xiao Yan looked around with satisfaction, and then smiled at the corner of his mouth.

"Death!" Seeing Xiao Yan no longer running, the ice sword in the hands of the ice demon swordsman clenched tightly, and a trace of extremely dazzling ice power suddenly emerged.

"Crimson Flame!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan disapproved and sneered, the fiery red Great Celestial Seed Crimson Flame all over his body and the power of the middle stage of the Three Stars Fighting Immortals showed no doubt!

"Hoohoho!" Looking at the fiery red flame power on Xiao Yan's body, the ice demon swordsman couldn't help but let out a roar. Xiao Yan slashed away.

"Crash!" As soon as the ice sword and the fiery red flame touched, the Great Heavenly Seed on Xiao Yan's body suddenly trembled, as if it would go out at any time!

"Above this guy's ice sword, there seems to be an ice-type little heavenly seed. Adding the power of the four-star fighting immortal early stage, it is really tricky." Xiao Yan took a step back, and the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler was put away, and his heart immediately emerged. There was a burst of enthusiasm. Obviously, with his own strength, it would be extremely difficult to kill this guy. Although it was not difficult to escape, Xiao Yan still wanted to kill this guy to absorb his strength and use it to break through. Naturally, he would not escape easily.

"If that's the case, then try that thing!"

"Just to use you as a trial stone!" Xiao Yan laughed while avoiding the ice demon swordsman's attack, but Xiao Yan found that although the ice demon swordsman was not very intelligent, every time he swung the ice sword, All of them will cause shocking energy ripples. If one is not careful, I am afraid that I will suffer a lot.

"Swallow... Swallowing the Flame Technique!" Xiao Yan mobilized all of his strength and released a tyrannical blow to temporarily knock the Ice Demon Swordsman back. Suddenly, an extremely mysterious force within his body slowly passed through the Dou Core, and then slammed into the bones in his body. Squirm in!

That power was like searching for food, constantly passing through Xiao Yan's body, and after some fruitless attempts, it was finally condensed in Xiao Yan's chest.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

I saw that the power cultivated by the Swallowing Flame Technique scrolls, once exerted, slowly condensed on Xiao Yan's chest, forming a red cauldron. Light appeared on the red cauldron, and even countless flame patterns were outlined on the body of the cauldron. On the top, a trace of ancient fluctuations emerged, and the entire red cauldron was about the size of a palm , but it was filled with a shocking force.

This red cauldron is clearly the manifestation of the swallowing flame technique!

Swallowing the flames, but temporarily enhances one's strength by swallowing the flames, and the practice route of swallowing the flames is quite peculiar. The final appearance is that after continuous practice, it forms a red cauldron, which motivates the red cauldron to swallow the flames, thereby gaining strength. !

"Huoxin Tianyan, bring it to me!" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Crash!" As soon as the voice fell, a burst of khaki flames burst out of Xiao Yan's body, and then without waiting for Xiao Yan to react, he directly burrowed into the red cauldron at his chest!

"It's really useful, in the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals!" In an instant, as the khaki flame was swallowed by the red cauldron, a trace of pure energy immediately permeated Xiao Yan's limbs and bones, and even Xiao Yan's breath was also Soar up!

"It's not over yet!"

"Ghost face and soul flame!"

"Crimson Flame!" With a loud shout, a cyan flame immediately slid into the red cauldron along with the Great Heavenly Seed Fei!

"Boom!" With the addition of the two Saint Flames and the Great Celestial Seed Feiyan, Xiao Yan's aura suddenly soared from the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal at the beginning to the current half-step Four Star Fighting Immortal level!

This level of strength can be described as appalling, and the power increased by the swallowing flame technique is even more tyrannical than the Heavenly Fire Three Profound Transformations on the Dou Qi Continent!

"Gululu!" At the same time, with Xiao Yan's sudden increase in strength, a shock surged in the heart of the ice demon swordsman!

How could it have thought that Xiao Yan, who was just like a lost dog in his own hands, would become so tyrannical in an instant!

"Ice Demon Swordsman... Let's take you to try the power of the Flame Swallowing Technique, how tyrannical it is!" The next moment, Xiao Yan smiled slowly at the corner of his mouth, a dazzling flame of flame filled the entire space!