Chapter 478: The war is about to start!

"Puff puff!" A wave of terrifying fluctuations instantly spread out from around the temple.

Qin Tian, ​​who was surrounded by five black and white energy balls, looked at the latter in horror after the seven-colored swallowing python appeared!

On the latter, a terrifying energy close to seven attributes slowly radiates out!

"Humph!" After a while, Qin Tian retracted his gaze, and then a shocking breath burst out!

"Snake!"

"Let's decide the winner this time!" Qin Tian snorted coldly, and then his figure suddenly became turbulent!

"Shabu Shabu!" Seeing this, Shefu immediately understood that the most powerful member of King Xuanling's group was this Qin Tian!

Impressively, he reached the rank of Nine-Rank Nine-Star Dou Di!

The true peak of Dou Di!

However, Shefu wasn't much shocked, and his figure followed Xuanling King as he swam.

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the two of them shot, the power of black and white in the sky was intertwined!

Above that black and white energy, a force of life and death constantly emerged.

The terrifying power of life and death caused everyone present to tremble slightly.

"It seems that Uncle Huang can draw a tie with this half-immortal-level Shefu in a short time..." King Xuanling stared at the huge barrier composed of black and white energy, but his heart was extremely shocked!

Although his uncle Dou Di's peak strength is true, that Shefu is a real half-immortal!

Although the peak of the Dou Emperor and the Banxian seem to be almost the same, only after reaching the Nine Star Dou Emperor will one understand the real difference between the two!

If it is said that the strong Dou Di can be regarded as the mainstay of an empire, then the strong Dou Xian is the spiritual pillar of an empire!

The Dou Di strong man has opened up a small world, and the Dou Xian strong man has the power of life and death within his body, which has already surpassed the predicament of life and death!

Become the most terrifying existence in this world!

"Master..." The blue-and-white snake opened his mouth slightly, and obviously found that although Qin Tian only had the strength of Dou Di's peak, he was able to tie with his master Banxian's strength, which was enough to show the horror of Qin Tian!

However, Blue and White Snake believed that as long as he gave his master a certain amount of time, Qin Tian's defeat would only happen sooner or later.

"Master Seven-colored Sky Swallowing Python, protect Qingyan!" The blue-and-white snake was full of anger, her lips slightly opened, and she slowly spit out a green liquid!

The green liquid is like a living thing, swimming directly on the blue and white snake!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After a while, it turned into a green armor on top of the enchanting body of the blue and white snake!

"Snake Jade Armor?" Little Green on the side opened his mouth slightly, and his voice was full of shock!

In the entire Medusa clan, there are probably no more than three people who own this snake and jade armor!

Snake Jade Armor, as the name suggests, is a kind of armor for defense!

This kind of armor is extremely special, but it can withstand a full blow from a powerhouse one level stronger than you!

It's just that this kind of armor is very special, because it was not made, and with the help of the royal blood in the Medusa clan, it can be cultivated continuously, and when the strength reaches a certain level, it can be cultivated!

With the appearance of this jade-green jade armor, the strength of the blue-and-white snake five-turn nine-star Dou Di has skyrocketed!

In a short period of time, the power of the blue-and-white snake has skyrocketed to that of a rank six nine-star Dou Emperor!

"Senior Green, you and I will join forces to defeat these people as quickly as possible!"

"Otherwise, the form is extremely unfavorable to us!" The blue and white snake shell's lips moved slightly. Obviously, even if the snake jade armor is added, it still cannot change the current situation!

"Do your best!" Little Green snorted coldly, and then on top of her body, a whole body of green appeared!

As soon as this green appeared, it turned into a terrifying storm on Little Green!

In the storm, the violent toxins are constantly rotating, and as time goes by, the storm is getting bigger and bigger!

"Do it!" The medicine core shouted instantly, and then six people appeared around the medicine core!

These six people are the six generals in the Dragon-loving Legion!

Arranged in order, that is.

Xuan Mo, the Eight-Star Dou Di is consummated.

Fanyu, the Eight-Star Dou Di was consummated.

Looking down, the late Eight Star Dou Di.

Mu Chen, the late stage of the Eight Star Dou Di, the wood type.

Mu Chenfeng, the middle stage of the Eight Star Dou Di, the wind element.

Xuan Wanxin, the initial stage of the Eight Star Dou Di.

The six people slowly protected the core of the medicine, and then the monstrous aura emerged, and they were extremely vigilant against the blue-and-white snake and Xiaolu.

"How long will it take?" The extraordinary-looking Fanyu man said slowly,

"Five minutes." Yaoxin said slightly, and then sat directly cross-legged, and an extremely huge soul force continued to emerge, and then silently connected to the six people around him.

"Mysterious Demon, your lord is a green snake in front of you!"

"Xuan Wanxin and Mu Chenfeng are in charge of assisting, and look down to the blue and white snake of my lord!" After Fan Yu finished speaking, the silver-white aura suddenly activated, and then surrounded the core of the medicine.

"Yeah." Several other people responded one after another, and then moved on their respective duties!

Their Dragon-loving Legion has been cooperating for many years, and the tacit understanding between them has already reached the point of perfection.

"Space attribute vindictiveness?" The blue-and-white snake's pupils moved slightly, then looked at Fan Yudao next to the medicine core.

The rarity of space attributes is comparable to that of high-level alchemists.

"Kill!" The blue-and-white snake didn't care so much. It was wearing the snake jade armor, and its aura suddenly rose to the terrifying level of the sixth-rank nine-star Dou Emperor. Then, without hesitation, the jade hand raised, a terrifying energy appeared, and the figure quickly appeared. Move, go to the six!

Seeing this, Little Green on the side, there was a trace of anxiety in the eyes of the snake, and then glanced at the two fighting in the black and white barrier.

Although you can't see the scene in the black and white barrier outside, but with the long-term partnership of Xiaolu and Shefu, you can vaguely feel a sense of unease.

"Forget it, let's fight back the people in front of you first." Xiaolu shook his head, letting himself not pay attention to the battle in the black and white barrier, and then threw himself into the battle.

"This ten-colored sky-swallowing python is really tricky..." The Seven Spirits King said suddenly and solemnly when he saw that the two battle circles around him were already in dire straits.

"This time, I hope the two of you can help me!" King Xuanling couldn't care about anything else, facing Ye Mo and Xuan Mingdao beside him Ye Mo's relationship with himself is quite inappropriate, but Xuan Ling Ming has a good relationship with himself, after all, this Xuan Ming was cultivated by their Xuanling royal family.

It's just that Xuan Ming's strength is only one rank nine-star Dou Emperor, and it doesn't help much in battle, while Ye Mo is different. Ye Mo has the strength of four ranks and nine-star Dou Emperor, and Ye Mo is extremely powerful. , even the Xuanling King, there is no certainty of victory.

"Don't worry, I know the seriousness of the matter." Ye Mo snorted coldly, and then the space around him wriggled strangely. The next moment, a pure white icicle appeared instantly!

"Do it!" Upon seeing this, King Xuanling was overjoyed!

This Ye Mo is an ice-type powerhouse, and his ice-type grudge has already reached its peak.

"Shabu Shabu!" Ye Mo and Xuan Ming looked at each other, a shocking aura emerged, and then they touched the ten-colored swallowing python forcibly.

"Next, there is a good show to watch... But this strong man of the snake people is not the opponent of the Xuanling royal family..." In an inconspicuous space, Zhu Lao slowly spoke.

"Humph!"

"King Xuanling actually has the idea of ​​swallowing the python, so we can't blame it."

"Let's just sit and reap the benefits of the fisherman." Liu Quan, the master of Solomon's three sects, spoke slowly, and in his hand, a dark red object was slowly pinched.

Above the dark red things, the monstrous ghost energy emerged, and with such fluctuations, I am afraid that the powerhouses at the peak of the Dou Emperor would be overwhelmed.

Ask for tickets!