Chapter Vol 4 1097: Get caught up in the vortex of space!

"This bastard, the Xuanling King, has already fallen and created such a troublesome thing." Looking at the increasingly strong spatial crack in the sky, the Soul Eater couldn't help but whispered.

The space crack in the sky is like a devil that devours everything.

"Senior, what are you doing now?" Long Yi and Xiao Yi both looked at each other and asked. Naturally, the two of them smelled the dangerous fluctuations in the vortex of space cracks.

"The cracks in space are extremely dangerous, and I am afraid that even the strong immortals cannot guarantee a certain safety in them."

"And the teleportation of this space crack is random. Once it enters, no one knows where it will teleport to," said Soul Eater.

"Whoosh whoosh!" The next moment, the huge vortex at the crack in the space exudes a huge suction force, directly involving some dead trees and flowers on the altar.

"Damn, what a strong suction, if this goes on, I'm afraid we all have to be sucked in." At this time, Xiao Yan, who was closest to the vortex of the space crack, frowned.

With the strength and position of Xiao Yan at this time, he could smell the dangerous smell in the space crack.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Where is this..." It didn't take long, many of the powerhouses at the altar below also woke up one after another.

"Xiao Yan?" Zhu Jin tried his best to open his eyes, and immediately saw the figures of Xiao Yan and Long Yi in the sky, and couldn't help saying.

"Where's King Xuanling?"

"What's going on?" Zhu Jin couldn't help but ask.

"Yanchi?" Zhu Jin saw Yanchi the next moment, but at this moment, there was only a faint aura in Yanchi's eyes, and even his pupils were filled with hatred towards Xiao Yan. .

"Xiao Yan's strength seems to be a bit terrifying." Shefu also narrowed his eyes slightly, looking at Xiao Yan in the sky.

Although Xiao Yan's strength was not as strong as his own half-immortal, it made Shefu feel a sense of fear.

"Queen..." Shefu ignored this for the time being, and spoke slightly to Cailin.

"Xiao Yan, is the hero of the entire Xuan Santian." Cailin's beautiful eyes moved slightly, and she said softly.

"hero?"

"Could it be?" But the people headed by the Xuantian Ten Immortal Fighting Powerhouses seemed to know something and said.

"He killed King Xuanling. Otherwise, you are still a puppet under King Xuanling." Cailin's strength recovered, and he was not afraid of anyone here, and said with a shocked breath.

"Sure enough..." Some powerhouses vaguely remembered things under the control of King Xuanling, so Cailin said so, and immediately cast a respectful look at Xiao Yan in the sky.

"Yueru?" The pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion spoke slowly.

"Teacher." Seeing the teacher speak, Yueru returned to her arms like a bird.

The battle with King Xuanling just now caused a lot of damage to Yueru, and after learning that Xiao Yan had married and had a family, Mu Yingying made a sacrifice later. Obviously, to Yueru, it seemed like she had just returned from hell. , couldn't help walking towards the arms of the Pavilion Master of Wanhua Pavilion.

"Yueru doesn't cry, it's good to go out." The pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion was like a loving mother, slowly supporting Yueru's hair and comforting.

While other members of the Xuanling royal family were released from control, they also recovered one after another, but the old man Zhuo and some of the powerhouses of the Xuanling royal family completely fell.

"That's... the vortex of space cracks?" The Poison Sect Sect Master on the side couldn't help but be startled. Obviously, although he had never seen this kind of thing with his own eyes, he knew its horror from the ancient books.

"What can I do now?"

"This vortex of cracks in space is a dangerous place that even a two-star fighting immortal can swallow... But if we don't solve it, I'm afraid our entire Xuansan will be swallowed up by it." The Poison Sect Sect Master couldn't help but said.

"Let me come."

"I'm an old bone too."

"And this time I have been controlled by King Xuanling for so long, and I have done a lot of wrong things. Let me make atonement for the royal family of Xuanling." The Sect Master of the Poison Sect opened his mouth, Qin Tian, ​​who was a little weak on the side, took a step forward. Open your mouth slowly.

"Qin Tian old ghost, you can't stop that thing."

"..." The strong man under the altar kept talking.

"Senior, how can I stop this thing?" Xiao Yan found nothing after a brief investigation, as if no matter how he used his Dou Qi flame soul power, he had just touched the vortex of the space crack, and nothing was swallowed.

"The vortex of the space crack is to devour living beings. Unless it devours human beings, it will not stop."

"And the space crack at this time is enough to stop it with the four of us."

"However, if the four of us enter it, there is no guarantee where we will be teleported." The Lord of Soul Eater also said.

"Devouring humans..."

"Send it right away..."

"Xiaoyi, Long Yi, if the three of us are separated, we will go to the Tianxing Continent to reunite in the future."

"The eight ancient races are all rooted in the Star Continent. Where will I go after I leave the ghost world?" Xiao Yan murmured, obviously thinking of something.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Okay." The two agreed directly.

"Senior, let's go then."

"I promised you to go to the ghost world before."

"I've stayed here for too long in Xuan Santian, so it's time to leave."

"What happened before... Thank you Xiao Yan finished speaking, a dazzling smile appeared on his face, and then without waiting for everyone to react, his body flashed with the power of three-color holy flames, leaping into the space that seemed to be able to In the vortex of space cracks that devoured human beings in an instant.

"You two guys, let's go together." After the Master of Soul Eater finished speaking, a strong force directly involved Long Yi and Xiao Yi into the space crack, and then returned to Xiao Yan's body by himself. At this moment, Xiao Yan four People, slowly dissipated in the eyes of many strong people.

"Cai Lin...wait for me to come back." But just when Cai Lin wanted to chase out, she heard a gentle voice.

"You want to bring them both back."

"I will wait for you here." Cai Lin just came to the space crack vortex when Xiao Yan's voice came out, and then said to it.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan said something rather unrestrained, and then the aura of the four of them disappeared directly into this world.

"Xun'er...wait for me."

And with the disappearance of the four people, the vortex of space cracks that swallowed everything and could not be stopped finally closed slowly. The entire Xuan Santian has experienced such a catastrophe, and the sun is breaking through the clouds and scattered here.

"Little guy, you have always been the guy in our Burning Incense Pavilion."

"The next time I see you, I'm afraid I've already turned into a dragon." Zhu Jin and his group watched Xiao Yan leave, and they slowly faced the sky and gave a big gift.

At that time, the affairs of Xuan Santian will all come to an end, and the super sect of Xuantian will be returning to normal, and this is still a fertile land where geniuses are born in large numbers.