Chapter 471: Discover the temple!

"what……"

"There seems to be a fight here." Not long after Xiao Yan and the Medusa Snake Guard disappeared, another group of people came to the place where they just fought.

There were eleven people in this group, and the one in the lead was extremely gorgeous.

"This flame is different, it doesn't seem to be an ordinary flame." The alchemist core slowly took a trace of flame that was still burning in the air, and opened his mouth slightly.

The alchemist's perception of flames can't be wrong!

"Could it be that someone got there first?" Xuan Mo on the side was dressed in black, and then his eyes kept looking around, his expression was a little irritable. Obviously, he was constantly wasting time in this desert and was quite irritable.

"Probably not. After all, the temple of the Medusa family is not so easy to enter..."

"According to the remaining energy here, there should just be a fight here." King Xuanling said slowly after hesitation.

"Fight?"

"Being able to break through the defenses of the Medusa village and enter the depths of the Medusa clan, the strength of these people should not be underestimated." Yaoxin on the side said.

"Forget it now that our Xuanling royal family's peak combat power is here, even in the face of the nine major tribes of Medusa, we have the power to fight." King Xuanling said somewhat proudly.

"Yep."

"Let's go, the location of the temple of the Medusa family is ahead, Nu Dong should have been waiting for us somewhere, everyone should be vigilant." Yaoxin stood up straight and took the lead.

"Angry East?" Some uninformed people asked in surprise.

"Don't be surprised, it's just some partnership." Seeing this, Ye Mo opened his mouth slightly.

Following Ye Mo's words, everyone calmed down.

"I don't know who has the courage to break into the depths of Medusa, but no matter who you are, if you ruin my good deeds, then this king will be the first to let you go!"

"Nu Dong, I hope you won't let me down this time!"

"Catch the swallowing python in the temple alive, it's a good thing for you and me." King Xuanling said viciously in his heart.

As soon as he finished speaking, the group slowly started walking. The direction they were walking was the opposite of the direction Xiao Yan and the others were walking in before.

As King Xuanling went deeper into the desert, the color of the desert continued to deepen, and a crisis lurked.

Just after King Xuanling's group left, Lao Zhu and the three men in black slowly appeared one after the other.

"These three little guys are really good. They are quite compatible with the Blood Blade mercenary group, but their purpose is why it is a desert..."

"I'm afraid I don't know the secrets of the various legends in the desert... But there are some people from the Bloodblade Mercenary Group, the problem should be big, the Xuanling King's group actually wants to find the Medusa Temple, could it be... "Old Zhu said slowly, and then those deep pupils flickered slightly.

"You can't let them succeed!" Zhu Lao closed his eyes, and then said in a deep voice, and followed up immediately after speaking, the half-immortal-level terrifying strength perfectly concealed his aura.

"Tsk tsk tsk, what is this King Xuanling doing?" Elder Zhu left, and the short one among the three men in black spoke slowly, a strange black aura constantly surrounding him.

This black aura instantly isolated the high temperature around him.

"Three sect masters, this seems to be the depths of the Medusa clan, so be careful." Song Li on the side moved smartly.

"Although I don't know what the Xuanling King is going to do, but according to my guess, they must have plans to dispatch such a huge force to this Medusa family, so when we arrive..." Three Sect Master Liu Quan gloomy laughed.

"As for that bamboo ember..."

"If you want to take the treasure, Zhu Jin must also die!"

"Follow up, be careful!" After Liu Quan finished speaking, the black aura on the three of them skyrocketed, and they walked away facing the front.

"Strange, the temperature here seems to be getting higher and higher..."

"And the sand here seems to be different." Just after walking for a few miles, King Xuanling's group stopped.

In the desert, the direction is the most important. If you lose your direction, you will probably be trapped in this endless desert.

"Yaoxin, what's wrong?" Ye Mo saw Yaoxin stopped, a trace of doubt appeared on the old face, and he immediately exited.

"Be careful!" Before Yaoxin could answer Ye Mo's question, a hundred meters of energy suddenly emerged from the golden sand in front of him!

"Humph!" Seeing this, Mu Chenfeng snorted coldly, and then a shocking breath came out, and an energy handprint attacked the hundred meters of energy!

"Boom boom boom!" The two forces collided, and the entire desert was filled with smoke.

"Who is it?" Mu Chenfeng whispered, his eyes alert at all times.

With the appearance of this scene, many powerhouses were slightly vigilant, because on top of the energy training just now, there was a power that made many of them feel fearful.

"who!"

"Get out!" King Xuanling snorted coldly, and the invisible fluctuations of fighting qi spread slowly!

Above Dou Qi, a faint power of black and white emerged!

It is the power of life and death!

Such terrifying fluctuations, even some nine-star Dou Emperors who have entered the fifth rank have never had it!

The strength of this Xuanling King is so terrifying!

"Humph!"

"King Xuanling, why didn't you notify me in advance when you came this time?" A voice of dissatisfaction suddenly came out from all directions, and then a burly figure appeared in the golden desert.

King Xuanling is quite familiar with this figure.

"It turned out to be you, Nu Dong." King Xuanling said with a smile.

Then he hurriedly explained: "There seem to be some traitors in our Xuanling royal family, so I didn't inform you in advance this time."

"You are so willing!" Nudong looked like a human man, and then his pupils turned, looking at the group of people in front of him.

There are as many as eleven people, and their strength is extremely terrifying!

If they joined forces, I'm afraid Nu Dong would not have the confidence to go out for ten rounds!

Even among these ten people, there are no less than three people who actually made Nu Dong feel a tremor!

"Old rules." After looking around, Dong Dong said calmly.

"Yep."

"Old rules."

"This time, you just need to lead the guards at the entrance of the Temple of Medusa away No matter what the final result is, we will help you calm down the other tribes and make you the king of this desert. ." King Xuanling said indifferently, with an unquestionable pride in his voice.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I believe you have this strength." When Nu Dong heard the words, he was overjoyed immediately!

Because of the eleven people in front of them, the one with the lowest strength also has the strength of the eight-star Dou Di. If this huge strength is used to quell the voices of the nine major tribes in the Medusa clan, it will be overwhelming. Irresistible!

"Let's go." Nu Dong smiled, and then the figure instantly turned into a giant snake that reached the sky, with extremely dazzling scales shining on the snake's scales, and strange power emerged from the snake's pupils.

"嘁嘁嘁!" After the anger turned into a giant snake, a huge energy suddenly emerged from the snake scales, and then turned into a hundred-zhang-sized energy giant snake, roaring, facing the place under everyone's feet Whistling away!

With Nu Dong's actions like this, the golden sand beneath the feet of King Xuanling's group suddenly wriggled!

In just a few breaths, the golden sand spread out at a certain place, and then in one place, a dark passage appeared out of thin air!

The passage is like an abyss, bottomless, just below, a huge and magnificent palace is looming!

"This...is the passage to the temple!" After finishing everything, Nu Dong said with a fiery gaze.