Chapter Vol 4 2113: 3 Angel Purple Wings vs Thunder Demon...

"Xiao...Xiao Lei!!!"

The corners of Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly turned sour, feeling the monstrous power gushing out from his body, and lost his voice.

"Good brother, don't cry."

"I fought for you, and I will always be in your heart!"

"Since you created me, I will merge with you today!"

"Let these world people take a good look at our divine power!"

The last trace of Xiao Lei's voice disappeared in Xiao Yan's body, and suddenly countless thunderclouds fell from the sky, lingering around Xiao Yan, showing the supreme thunder.

Since Xiao Lei was born, he has always wanted to break away from Xiao Yan, but both of them are prosperous, and Xiao Lei is very aware of many things in Xiao Yan's heart, so now the situation has to be so righteous.

"Crack!"

The golden thunderclouds, the gray thunderclouds, and the earth-shattering thunderclouds formed by the fusion of dozens of thunder powers released endless coercion, and the afterglow of the holy sword that troubled Xiao Yan instantly dissipated easily.

"This is a new attribute I gave you, Ray."

The lingering voice curled up, in Xiao Yan's battle qi sea, in addition to the fire wood double bucket core, a group of blood red lightning bucket cores emerged!

"Thank you, dear brother!"

Xiao Yan took a step forward, and countless thunderclouds suddenly shattered, with traces of gray, golden and silver thunders turned into electric currents and surrounded Xiao Yan's body. Relying on the shroud of the devil's evil clothes, Xiao Yan's figure looked extremely terrifying!

The fusion of countless thunder powers allowed Xiao Yan's dry body to get the best nourishment, and the blood-red thunder was extremely demonic, like the thunder **** above the nine heavens, showing the supreme thunder power!

"It's a miscalculation..."

The holy sword was destroyed, and Liu Hao's body stepped back dozens of steps in the void, and immediately said in disbelief.

"Don't waste time."

"Now, the battle has become very simple."

The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth raised a strange arc, and the light of electric current above his body crackled, and the entire sky was driven by void and energy.

"very good!"

Liu Hao nodded, and at the same time, there was a milky white pattern between his eyebrows, shaking slightly.

That is the Divine Rune of the Child of Light!

Moreover, since the ancient clan went back, Liu Hao used the divine runes to perceive the power of angels. Although his strength did not increase, his control over the power of angels reached a whole new level.

"This time, I'll let you know why the angel!"

"What is the supreme **** in this world!"

After Liu Hao roared, streaks of milky white filaments appeared on his skin, like hot flames burning his body, a dazzling brilliance that penetrated the heavens and the earth appeared!

He is condensing angel wings!

And the angel wings he condensed were even more tyrannical than Hill!

"Devil Thunder Punishment!"

Xiao Yan smiled contemptuously, his body suddenly shrank with thunder, and his fingers suddenly raised to point towards the center of the thunder cloud in the sky of the medicine world.

"Wong Buzz!"

The clouds in the sky were easily pierced by Xiao Yan. The next moment, with Xiao Yan piercing the clouds as the center, countless thunderclouds gathered in the entire medicine world. The colors of those thunderclouds were extremely strange, and they were all blood red!

The blood-red thunderclouds are powerful, and they are exactly the same as the power of thunder in Xiao Yan's body!

"impossible!"

"Wood attribute... thunder attribute!"

"You devil!!!"

Seeing that Xiao Yan was able to summon Leiyun, Liu Hao's expression shrank violently, and he was full of jealousy!

Xiao Yan is a holy flame, and he is an alchemist. Even if he controls the dual attributes of fire and wood, Liu Hao will not feel anything.

But the thunder attribute, this is different.

From ancient times to the present, the strongest people in the Great Thousand World have only just cultivated two attributes, what kind of virtue is this Xiao Yan, fire, wood, thunder, and even this extremely mysterious demon?

Four powers?

"Wong Buzz!"

Just when Liu Hao was extremely angry, the blood-red thunderclouds in the sky were densely packed together. After a few breaths, under Liu Hao's shocked expression, countless thunderclouds and thunders appeared, and finally they were in Xiao Yan's place. Under control, form a blood-colored thunder lion with a body that exceeds a thousand feet!

The blood-colored thunder lion is extremely shocking, only revealing the extremely ferocious head and domineering tail, while the other bodies are hidden in the blood-colored thunder cloud, which is extremely mysterious!

But at this guy's lion tail, the scarlet dazzling blood-colored thunder light, like Lei Wei who destroyed the world, is brewing unparalleled power.

"Purple Winged Angel!"

"Give me the verdict!"

Finally, after feeling the fierce thunder power of the demon Xiao Yan, behind Liu Hao, the wings of the three-winged angel slowly condensed.

The three-winged angel's wings were extremely uncoordinated, and even because of this, Liu Hao's body swayed in the sky.

But everyone knows that with the blessing of these three purple angel wings, Liu Hao's strength is already comparable to a strong man who can step into reincarnation!

If you use the power of an angel, even a strong man like medicine ten thousand yuan, I am afraid that he will be killed in an instant!

"Oh... three purple-winged angels?"

"The son of the dignified light actually has today!"

Seeing Liu Hao's frantic appearance above the sky, the demon Xiao Yan's body was constantly flowing with thunder, he said with a smile, he was not in a hurry.

Originally, the power in his body was dry, and he had to use the power of the devil to fight against Liu Hao. Now, with Xiao Lei's righteous fusion, his power was healed. Even if he didn't use the power of the devil's source, killing Liu Hao would not be easy.

"Ahhh!"

"Xiao Yan!"

"Book is going to kill you!"

Seeing Xiao Yan's face, Liu Hao couldn't help but go mad!

The power of angels is extremely terrifying, but it is extremely troublesome to cultivate. The wings of angels become odd-numbered wings, but they are only to move towards a wider high position, so it is also the only way to go.

However, the strong with the power of angels regard the odd number of wings as a shame, and unless their lives are at stake, they will not reveal this power.

Liu Hao is also worthy of being the famous Son of Light in the world. In just a few months, he has cultivated a pair of white angel wings into purple, and even cultivated a third wing!

If this continues to grow, I am afraid that it will become a real powerhouse in the Holy See in a short time!

"Liu Hao!"

"For the Holy See, let's collect some interest from you first!"

Xiao Yan's voice fell, and an endless killing intent flashed in his pupils. Immediately, the blood-colored thunder lion in the sky was also summoned by Xiao Yan, and his tail suddenly swayed!

"Boom!"

The lion's tail swayed, and the space in the entire medicine world immediately became shaken, the ground shook and the mountains shook, the wind was blowing, and it was a miserable scene like the end of the world.

"I'm afraid you don't have that ability!"

"Three Wings Divine Light!"

Liu Hao roared coldly's eyes became incomparably clear, and the three-winged angel's wings were gently stirred behind him, and countless sacred lights emerged, vaguely forming a magnificent and incomparable sacred around him. palace!

"Boom!"

The blood-colored thunder lion lion tail suddenly waved an attack, and an unprecedented offensive broke out.

It is different from ordinary attacks. The lion tail flashing with blood-colored flames was directly cut off by the thunder lion and fell from the sky!

The countless ancient and mysterious lines on the lion's tail show the power of endless destruction. That kind of flame is not a flame, but a representative of the extreme power of thunder! ! !

The void exploded directly, and the lion's tail fell extremely fast, as if it was suppressing Liu Hao with a weight of hundreds of thousands of pounds. The long-lost feeling of suffocation finally made Liu Hao's expression dignified!

This demon is not only extremely tyrannical with the use of the flame holy flame, but even this kind of thunder attribute that has just been controlled, is also so terrifying?