Chapter Vol 4 1487: The strong gather!

"Now that you're ready, let's go."

"I have already sensed the aura of Sister Liu Qing and the others." Du Qifei laughed as he watched Xiao Yan subdue the young pill.

"Let's go, meet them in the past, and I'm afraid the next thing will be the highlight of the ruins." Xiao Yan finished speaking, but also knew the importance of the matter. Anyway, the young pill has been obtained, and there is no rush to refine the pill, so the second The speed of people skyrocketed, heading towards the core of the primeval forest.

Xiao Yan knew that there were many dangers in the ruins, such as the Fascinating Heavenly Palace, but the powerhouses on the four continents were not vegetarians, so they could not stop them for too long. The object of everyone's competition, after all, there is the lifelong learning of Tianwangzang.

Except for Xiao Yan and everyone in such a hurry, the other powerhouses are also heading towards the depths of the primeval forest.

This virgin forest, with its flat terrain and overgrown trees, with ancient trees of hundreds of feet in the sky, set off a rather mysterious place, and its core is located in the center of the flat land.

"Sister Liu Qing, do you think Sister Fei'er and the others will be okay?" A few figures and a man slowly appeared under an ancient tree.

"I haven't seen Xiao Yan and the others since they came out from the Heavenly Palace of Fascinating Souls."

"But Fei'er and Xiao Yan should be fine when they are together." Liu Qing heard the words, her beautiful eyes flashing, and she was looking at Yuan Yan who was on the side. She knew that if this little girl hadn't existed on this trip, I'm afraid they would be there. There will be heavy losses in the Fascinated Heavenly Palace.

All of them entered the Heavenly Palace of Bewilderment. Fortunately, they had Yuan Yan, who just cracked the formation, and then entered the Netherworld. Although they encountered a lot of dangers, it was fortunate that there were no surprises, and they also gained something.

"However, although we successfully crossed the Mingze, the other powerhouses above the four continents also entered here unharmed. This should be where the treasures of the Heavenly King's Relics are located."

"Most of the powerhouses above the four continents are some of the late Samsung Dou Xian or even the perfect level powerhouse. This is extremely unfavorable for us." The only man in the team said, the voice. There is a rare solemnity in it.

"The one who fought against us in the Mingze is probably Shen Jun from the Soul Beast Alliance. The summoned soul beast in that guy's hand is very powerful, so we must guard against it." Yu Ran Ran and the two women on the side said, obviously in the dark In Zezhong, encountering guys from the Soul Beast Alliance made them suffer a lot.

"I can only take one step at a time, I can feel their breath, let's go!" After a while, Yun Qi looked at a space outside the ancient tree, and the speed skyrocketed.

When the other powerhouses saw this, they followed suit, but the two daughters of Yuan Yan, who were always lively, had a gloomy expression.

"Is this the depths of the Tianwangzang ruins?"

"I hope that the strong man in the Soul Palace didn't deceive us, otherwise our hidden soul will definitely not be able to spare him." Behind the ancient tree and rock, three men wearing hats and hats appeared.

These three people are impressively the third of the four heroes of the Hidden Soul Society.

"Second brother, how are we doing now?" The fourth brother Mo Yu asked slowly.

"Big brother is worried that the people in the Soul Palace are playing tricks behind the scenes, so I followed them to find out without the knowledge of the Soul Palace powerhouses, and we entered here, firstly to obtain the 'Tianwang Seal' in the hands of Tianwangzang, and secondly to see Can you release the Sky Poison Brake?"

"After all, only when Tiandusha is saved can we be sure to break the seal of the Dusha Demon Empress, and the thing that saves my lord exists in the hands of the Dusha Demon Empress. As long as we get the key to save my lord and release my lord, then God will Ming Shanzhuang will also be self-defeating." Mo Baixuan, the second child, looked into the depths of the forest and said.

"It's not too late, let's do it."

"Entering the tombs of the ruins as soon as possible, we can also take the lead, otherwise the many powerhouses in these four continents will be quite difficult." Mo Yu Zaidu said.

"Don't worry, it's not that simple in this mausoleum. We have treasures and can isolate them from their investigations, so we temporarily hide in the dark. After they fight for it, we will act according to the opportunity, which can also save a lot of trouble. "The second child, Mo Baixuan, laughed.

"Go, suppress your breath, be careful." After speaking, the second child, Mo Baixuan, spoke up.

"Tianwangzang and Tiandusha?" Just moved, when the third Mo Ran shook his head helplessly, and he didn't know why this guy did this.

"This is the depths of the ruins, and beyond this virgin forest, you can enter the corpse of Tianwangzang."

"When the time comes...'The Seal of the Heavenly King' is at your fingertips." On a quiet path, two figures with mysterious guqin on their backs slowly came out.

"Junior Brother, the strength of this Heavenly King before hiding is no small thing, even after his death, it should not be underestimated."

"And I don't know why, the closer I got to the mausoleum, the more uneasy the Xuan Yuqin behind me became." The woman Nebula spoke slowly, her jade hand gently stroking the guqin behind me, wondering.

"what?"

"Xuan Yuqin actually feels uneasy?"

"This is unprecedented..." The man Liu Yun frowned when he heard the words, thinking.

Xuan Yuqin, this is the treasure of the Shaking Religion in their Tianyin Religion. It is said that it was a powerful personal immortal weapon that had a tyrannical suppression of evil forces such as foreign evil clans.

But now Xuan Yuqin is actually feeling uneasy, so there might be something dangerous in the tomb of the Heavenly King.

"Senior sister, let's take a step by step, you have come here, you can't come back without success." Liu Yun gritted his teeth slightly, and then said.

"En When you enter the tomb, I will protect you. The premise of seizing treasures is to put your own safety first, do you understand?" Senior Sister Xingyun asked.

"Okay." After speaking, the two of them also walked towards the depths one after another.

Wansoul Palace.

"Senior brother, passing through this forest is probably the entrance to the tomb of the Heavenly King, I'm afraid there is a place of right and wrong." The two stood side by side, and Lin Lin said.

The two senior brothers of Wanshun Palace are named Lin Yuan, and their junior brother is Lin Lin.

"Our Ten Thousand Souls Palace specializes in soul art, but the depths of the ruins seem to make me feel quite uneasy, be careful." After speaking, the two of them also walked away cautiously towards the depths.

"Damn..."

"Although the guys above Dongzhou are weak, their cooperation with each other is seamless, and they have not been solved in the dark sea."

"If this matter spreads to Xiao Yan and Du Qifei, it will be more troublesome."

"After all, the ruins are just around the corner. If the two of them are embarrassing me, I'm afraid they can only use that thing... The dragon-type soul beast that my father cultivated at a great price, I feel a little heartache when I think of using this thing to deal with Xiao Yan and the others." The figure of the Soul Beast Alliance, Shen Jun, was walking on the path alone, muttering slowly. With their intelligence network, they naturally investigated a lot of Xiao Yan's information, so even he was quite apprehensive.

"Xiao Yan, wait, this tomb of the Heavenly King is yours."

"Everything I lost will be taken back here." In another place, Mu Xi also said gloomily, but at this time, Mu Xi was haunted by ghosts, and he was not a human being, a ghost or a ghost. The appearance, and even the breath soared to the level of Samsung Dou Xian perfection.

A war intensified.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: