Chapter 524: A real desert mountain!

"Xiao Yan, wait, this road seems to be quite strange, we still..." Mu Feng called out when Xiao Yan walked forward without hesitation.

"No, I vaguely feel that this is correct..."

"I believe Mu Yingying and Xiao Yi also felt it... At the top of this desert mountain range, something seems to be calling us." Xiao Yan murmured, then raised his head, trying to see through the extremely dignified mist top, but came back in vain.

"Yes." Both Mu Yingying and Xiao Yi nodded.

"Let's go." The next moment, Mu Feng also shook his head and said.

"Could it be my delusion..." Mu Feng slowly followed Xiao Yan, but for some unknown reason, Xiao Yan had such an evil aura faintly on his body!

Although it is very small, it has not escaped Mu Feng's induction.

"Forget it, this feeling only appeared after the black light beam disappeared. Thinking about it, it should be the after-effects left by Xiao Yan's use of some special methods." Mu Feng shook his head and said suddenly.

"Xiao Yan, why are you so sure that this is the right path?"

"What if this is a dead end?" Green Flute's green hair wriggled slightly, swinging like Medusa snakes.

"With this." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was not surprised by Green Flute's inquiry, and immediately summoned a strange fire.

"Flame?" Green Flute was quite puzzled, then said.

"Mu Yingying, Xiao Yi." Xiao Yan said calmly.

When the two heard the words, they immediately understood, and then a trace of flame was instantly born in their bodies, and three flames instantly appeared in mid-air.

"put!"

"Let them go!" Xiao Yan said.

Just finished speaking, all three of them cut off the connection with the flames, and let the three flames swim!

The flames that had just escaped the control of the three of them, the next moment, went directly towards all the paths in front of Xiao Yan and the others at a very fast speed!

The speed is astonishing!

"Follow!" Xiao Yan said.

Just after Xiao Yan finished speaking, the other four nodded at the same time and followed closely.

"Is this a desert mountain range... It's really huge." When Mu Yingying was moving fast, she followed the crooked path. As far as the eye could see, countless forest trees appeared in her beautiful eyes. .

"This flame seems to be leading us towards the mountain..." Mu Feng said slightly.

Only after leaving the place where the Ice Scar Heavenly Tiger was, did Mu Feng realize how huge this desert mountain range is!

I am afraid that the area that Mu Feng saw at this time is thousands of kilometers!

Such a huge area is comparable to a powerful empire!

"Why did it stop suddenly?" Just as Mu Feng was looking at the huge forests around him, a huge mountain range that rose from the sky slowly appeared in front of everyone.

"Perhaps, this is the real desert mountain range, where just now, including all the forest groups here, are just the foot of the mountain!" Xiao Yan said slowly, but was shocked by the huge mountain range in front of him!

This gigantic mountain range rises from the ground, and it is covered by white fog. It is impossible to find it even if you stand tens of meters away, and it is even more impossible to perceive it with the power of your soul!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This white and mysterious mist directly isolates the fighting qi and the power of the soul!

"A real desert mountain range..." Seeing this, Mu Yingying bit her lips slightly.

"Xiao Yan, I believe in you, let's go!" After a brief hesitation, several people said one after another.

"This desert mountain and the foot of the mountain are isolated..."

"In other words, there is a very special restriction in this desert mountain range. If we go inside, unless we reach the top, we will not be able to come out." Xiao Yan said word by word, his voice solemn. Extraordinarily conspicuous.

Several people heard the words, but their hearts were suddenly shocked!

"Let's go!" Several people heard the words, although their hearts were extremely shocked, but the next moment, their eyes did not move, and they spoke directly.

"In that case, let's go."

"I want to see, what secrets are there in this desert mountain range!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, and took the lead in smiling casually, then took a light step and stepped directly into the huge desert mountain range rising from the ground!

"Plop!" A group of five people stepped in at the same time as things were flowing like flowing water. With a plop, they went straight through the white fog and came to this desert mountain range.

Just when they came to this desert mountain range, several people felt an invisible oppression permeating their hearts, as if there were some terrifying creatures in the desert mountain range!

"Ouch." A scream sounded.

When several people heard the words, they immediately turned their heads to look.

I saw Mu Feng lying on the ground with a rather embarrassed figure at this time. A white mist appeared on top of his body, and some small wounds caused by strong force appeared on Mu Feng's body.

"Are you all right?" Green Flute hurried over to support Mu Feng.

"I'm fine, I actually just wanted to see if it was as strange as Xiao Yan said."

"Hehe." Mu Feng said with a grin, not at all dissatisfied with this small setback.

It's just that in Mu Feng's heart, his evaluation of Xiao Yan was at a higher level.

"Look...that's it?" Mu Yingying had just entered the desert mountain range, her body was full of azure-blue fighting spirit, and then her eyes were swept around, and she suddenly saw a huge boulder not far away.

"Go and have a look!" Xiao Yan also discovered the boulder and said.

A few people walked over and found a huge rock. Behind the rock were five bottomless caves, and then stopped beside the huge rock.

"This place is a desert mountain range."

"Five desolate roads, each is their own!" On the boulder, the clearly visible handwriting is extraordinarily clear!

"This is... not good!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan chanted it once and didn't feel anything wrong, but the second time he suddenly noticed something, he shouted loudly, and then the huge soul force in his body instantly emerged, facing the The four people around him covered wildly!

Because after reading the information on the boulder, Xiao Yan clearly felt that the boulder had an extremely mysterious power!

"What's wrong?" The four people on the side except for Xiao Yi who knew something vaguely, the other three all looked at Xiao Yan suspiciously.

"Fast back!" Xiao Yan didn't have time to explain, so he spoke directly.

But the next moment, Rao Yi Xiao Yan had done so much homework, and he was damned without success.

At the moment Xiao Yan shot, five white mists suddenly appeared on the boulder.

The white mist contained an extremely mysterious power, which was unfathomable. The moment it appeared, it directly separated Xiao Yan and the others!

"Everyone's destiny." A long voice slowly echoed here, and then five white mists suddenly attached to Xiao Yan and the five!

Each has their own one!

"Damn, what is this!" The white mist had just attached to Mu Feng's body, and a sense of weakness swept through Mu Feng's body!

Immediately, without waiting for Mu Feng to say more, Mu Feng's figure suddenly walked towards a passage behind the boulder!

Next came the green flute, Mu Yingying, and Xiao Yi!

The four of them are on the left and right of the five passages behind the boulder!

As for the one in the middle, the next moment, Xiao Yan's figure suddenly disappeared under the mysterious effect of the white mist!

After doing all this, the mysterious white mist on the boulder slowly dimmed, but a trace of extremely evil black slowly wrapped around the bottom of the boulder.

Ask for tickets!