Chapter 484: 4 to 9 Star Dou Di, Snake King!

"Nine Star Dou Di?" A heavy look appeared in his eyes!

Obviously, an extremely dangerous aura emerged from the old man in front of him!

What was reflected in the pupils of the eyes was an old man dressed in plain grey clothes. The old man's dull and unwavering pupils flickered slightly, and a fierce aura emerged from his brows!

As soon as the old man appeared, he slowly stretched out his old palm, and then the deadly terrorist attack he was looking at was instantly disintegrated.

"Old Snake..." Seeing this, the blue-and-white snake couldn't help being shocked.

"Don't worry, my Medusa clan can be destroyed without the Xuanling royal family." The old man who was called Snake Old Man by the blue-and-white snake said coldly.

"asshole!"

"Two of the strongest among the nine major tribes of Medusa have arrived!"

"A Charming Snake Tribe, Meilan, who is a perfect eight-star Dou Emperor, has already fought with Fanyu. As for the one in front of him, I am afraid that the least powerful person has entered the level of a nine-star Dou Emperor!" Mu Chenfeng's pupils were on the side. Shrinking tightly, a fear filled his heart.

"Calm down, that blue-and-white snake has no fighting strength now. Even if it recovers in the future, its strength will not be as strong as before. Now we are facing the leader of one of the nine major tribes of Medusa."

"And as far as I know, among the nine major tribes, there are only three leaders whose strength has reached the terrifying level of the Nine Star Dou Emperor."

"Ink Snake Tribe, Avenger Tribe and Snake King Tribe!"

"The old man in front of him is probably the leader of the Snake King tribe... Known as the Snake King, he is said to be a genuine four-rank nine-star Dou Emperor!" Mu Chen, who was calm on the side, spoke slowly, and there were always wood-type characters around him. Dou Qi, defending against some sudden aftermath from the other two battles.

"Humans... Really ruthless!" The Snake King slowly spread out a trace of strength to probe the inside of the blue-and-white snake, and found that the terrifying wounds in the blue-and-white snake's body, and even the companion spirit snake had disappeared without a trace, so he couldn't help but get angry!

The companion spirit snake is no different from the heart to their snake people. The fall of the companion spirit snake will, to a large extent, directly cause the death of the Medusa snake team captain, or shake the foundation.

The blue-and-white snake in such a state has lost any combat power. I am afraid that it will recover in the future, and its strength will only stay at the level of a nine-star Dou Emperor, and it may even leave some dark diseases!

"You will pay for this!" The Snake King was angry, and his pupils, which had not fluctuated at all, suddenly turned hideous after learning that the blue-and-white snake was injured on 7's body!

"damn it!"

"Stop him!" Qingmubei's lips moved slightly, resisting the waves of weakness in her body, facing the crowd.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Mu Chen and the others in the desert looked at each other, then burst out with a terrifying aura, and instantly rose into the air, surrounding the old snake!

"King Xuanling!"

"Hurry up, we can't hold it any longer!" With his beautiful eyes moving slightly, a small force moved towards Xuanling King, and then without hesitation, Mu Chen and the others concentrated on dealing with the old snake in front of him.

"A group of human beings who don't know the heights of the sky, today, let you taste the power of our Medusa family!" The snake king snorted coldly, and then black and white terrifying rays of light appeared on the old hands!

The light of one black and one white erhu clearly represents the power of life and death!

Although the power of life and death of this old snake is not as strong as that of the blue-and-white snake before, but when dealing with the blue-and-white snake before, the special soul suppression of the drug core caused the blue-and-white snake to not fully exert its strength.

It's just that the medicine core at this time has already fainted due to the excessive use of soul power. Without the special soul power of the medicine core to reduce the power of the powerful enemy, the faces of the few people who looked at them all appeared dignified. !

"Just delay the time, and wait until King Xuanling defeats the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python!" His eyes moved, and a message spread through the minds of the surrounding people!

"Yes." After hearing the words, several people nodded immediately, and then a huge force emerged, facing the snake and leaving!

"Has the powerhouse of the Medusa clan already arrived..."

"Mei Lan, the leader of the Charming Snake Tribe, the eight-star Dou Di is complete, the snake king old man in the Snake King tribe, the four-turn nine-star Dou Di..."

"Forget it, this energy is almost enough." Xuanling laughed at himself, and then his pupils looked at the colorful swallowing python in front of him!

In the sky at this time, Ye Mo and Xuan Ming's auras were floating in the air. Obviously, after a long period of fighting with this colorful swallowing python, even with the strength of the two nine-star fighting emperors, they still felt slightly powerless. .

"Big guy, are you alright..." Qingyan on the seven-colored swallowing python, seeing the seven-colored swallowing python constantly fighting with the two old men in front of him, his solid body couldn't help but feel a little illusory.

"嘁偁嘁!" The seven-colored swallowing python heard the words, the snake letter child stretched out slightly, and then his pupils stared at the Xuanling King suspended in mid-air.

Previously, due to Ye Mo and Xuan Ming's constant attacks, the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python could only defend passively. With the addition of the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, who had to protect Qingyan, the power that really belonged to it could not burst out immediately.

"Little Zi!" A grief-stricken voice echoed in the sky, and then the seven-colored swallowing python lowered its head and saw the purple snake falling and the blue-and-white snake's strength plummeting.

Qing Yan, who was on the Seven-Colored Swallowing Python, also heard this hysterical call, and a trace of heartache emerged from his heart!

"big guy!"

"Resolve them!" Then Qingyan saw the blue-and-white snake beside him, and the two of them appeared. Based on his feeling, Qingyan could be sure that the two of them were also from the Medusa family, but Qingyan was very concerned about the Xuanling royal family. The group is quite dissatisfied with the injury to the blue-and-white snake!

After all, although the time spent together is very short, it is not difficult for Qingyan to discover that this blue-and-white snake is an extremely good leader. At this time, the blue-and-white snake is like this, which makes Qingyan feel the importance of power even more!

"That guy... is very strong!" The giant snake mouth of the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python opened slightly Then, a vigilance emerged from the snake's pupils, staring intently at the man who was under the protection of Ye Mo and Xuan Ming. Under the Xuanling King!

At this moment, King Xuanling, the fiery red flames around him were extremely thick!

The thickness seems to be comparable to that of the turbid lake water!

"What kind of power is that..." Qingyan raised her delicate face slightly, and then saw King Xuanling.

Since ancient times, snake people have been cold by nature and like dampness!

When seeing the flames around King Xuanling's body, a touch of fear was born from the bottom of Qingyan's heart!

"are you done?"

"The powerhouses of the nine major tribes of Medusa have arrived. If they don't retreat, they will suffer heavy losses!" Ye Mo said with a sullen face. Obviously, he had just fought against the seven-colored swallowing python, and he had already made him as powerful as a leaf. Mo Du felt a little tired, but fortunately, the Seven-Colored Sky-Swallowing Python was very spiritual. If it wasn't for the Seven-Colored Sky-Swallowing Python insisting on protecting Qingyan on that body, Ye Mo and Xuan Ming would have already been defeated!

"The remnant soul of a colorful swallowing python also wants to block this king!" King Xuanling snorted coldly, and then a arrogant aura like the king of the world suddenly erupted from his body!

At the moment when this power erupted, the Xuanling King's body was fiery red, and the surrounding space was slightly shattered, and terrifying small vortexes formed by fiery red flames came into being!

The colorful swallowing python stared at the whirlpools beside Xuanling King, a chill surged into his heart!

Ask for tickets!