Chapter : 69 Black and white yin and yang heart explodes!

"Xiao Yan, if you dare to humiliate me, when I reply, you will take your life!" Su Xueying also watched Xiao Yan's actions, secretly knowing that the situation was not good, she couldn't help but mobilized her whole body to attack him.

But after the terrifying energy of the white yin and yang heart exploded, the feeling of powerlessness spread all over the body, and it was difficult to even control the body, let alone launch an attack. And the Qinglian under his feet also burst into a dazzling light at this moment, as if desperately trying to resolve the pure yin power in Su Xueying's body.

"If Xiao Yan really destroys my innocence, then I must kill him, even if he is a member of the Xiao family."

"Anyway, their Xiao clan is like this." Su Xueying thought to herself, struggling with a grudge, her eyes couldn't help but have a hint of determination.

The energies of the white yin and yang heart and the black yin and yang heart converged, and it seemed to cause some different effects, like a poison.

However, just as Xiao Yan was trying his best to resist the raging evil fire in his body, a slender jade arm like a lotus root suddenly grabbed his neck, a body that seemed to be soft and boneless. It also stuck to Lin Dong's arms like a water snake, and a fragrant smell rushed into Xiao Yan's nose.

"Boom!"

Su Xueying's body like a baby's skin smelled a delicate fragrance, and the softness in Xiao Yan's arms was like the dynamite that ignited the lead, causing Xiao Yan's eyes to instantly turn red, and the reason he insisted on became weaker and weaker.

The beauty was lying weakly in Xiao Yan's arms. The fairy who didn't eat the fireworks of the world at first, but now her eyes were like silk, and she was transformed into that enchanting witch. She leaned against Xiao Yan's arms, panting slightly, but the tulle However, there are still some inaudible voices coming out.

"Damn, I can't hold it anymore!" Xiao Yan couldn't control this much either, his fingers just attacked Su Xueying's lower body.

Su Xueying closed her eyes, tears could not help flowing down her watery eyes, and the tulle disappeared completely at this moment, revealing a face that was enough to make all things lose their faces.

"Puff puff!"

Xiao Yan gently tapped Su Xueying's lower abdomen three times in a row, and then Su Xueying felt that the strangeness on her body was slowly disappearing, and the charming and crispy enchanting disappeared at this moment, returning to the original coldness Appearance, strength seems to have recovered some.

Su Xueying also opened her eyes and looked at Xiao Yan in a daze. Obviously, she did not expect Xiao Yan in front of her to be like this...

"Mother, didn't you say that the Xiao clan we guard are all ungrateful little people?"

"But why isn't he like what you said..."

Xiao Yan naturally didn't know that Su Xueying thought so much. From the moment when her yin and yang heart couldn't be suppressed completely and began to erupt, her master Jinlong King knew that there would be such a situation, and couldn't help but recall the scene just now.

"Hey hey, little Yanzi, such a beauty is really cheap for you, boy. Now you two are under the influence of black and white yin and yang. If you don't take yin and replenish yang, you will die and it will be ugly." The Golden Dragon King looked at him playfully. Something was wrong, Xiao Yan said.

"Master, don't irritate me, I have a family. Besides, Su Xueying certainly has a beautiful appearance, but from what I just said, I am sure that she is the guardian of our Xiao clan, and It seems that I have a great prejudice against our Xiao family, although I am a man, I can’t do things like taking advantage of people’s dangers.”

"She is the guardian of our family. It must have been very hard to protect her for so long. I still have a lot of mysteries that I haven't solved yet, how can I make others feel cold." Xiao Yan also hugged Su Xueying and said.

Looking closely, it is no exaggeration to say that Su Xueying after the tulle disappeared.

As Su Xueying began to pant heavily, her cheeks and body became very hot at this moment.

"Master, don't play with me, how can I solve this?" Xiao Yan was also stimulated by Su Xueying's appearance, something seemed to be about to move, and hurriedly asked for help to the master, the Golden Dragon King.

"Are you sure you don't?"

"Looking at the strength of this woman, she is not weak. If you accept her now, maybe she will obey you. Hehe, a woman with a strong background is also a good one." The Golden Dragon King still maintained a playful voice. Look at Xiao Yan.

"Master, please stop playing with me, Su Xueying is definitely not that kind of person, I know from her emotions just now, if I destroy her innocence, she will definitely be with me forever, and she is comparable to the five-star fighting emperor. Or even stronger, I just think about it." Xiao Yan also looked at his master in amazement.

"Alright alright."

"You use the remaining vindictive energy in your fingers, and touch the woman's lower abdomen three times in a row to temporarily help her control this power, and then stimulate the strange fire in your body, using the characteristics of the strange fire. , this can also suppress the outbreak of the black and white yin and yang heart for a while." The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly.

Xiao Yan also turned around, and this was the funny scene just now.

"Let go of me!" Su Xueying also recovered from the daze just now, UU reading www. Although uukanshu.com didn't know what Xiao Yan did to him, one thing was certain, he was still a little sensible just now, Xiao Yan's seemingly indecent move seemed to be the white yin and yang energy that was about to explode. under pressure.

However, although the energy of the white yin and yang heart was temporarily suppressed, it would relapse sooner or later. Su Xueying bit her lips, obviously she didn't know what to do.

"Xiao Yan didn't do anything special just now, and he wanted to take his yang energy before..." Su Xueying couldn't help but fell into deep thought.

Xiao Yan was also helpless when he heard that. He saved her with good intentions and ended up being a bad person. This is really...

"Master, what should we do now? We won't be able to suppress it for too long. When it erupts again..." Xiao Yan also frowned. The situation is obviously very bad right now. It's just the yin and yang heart in this legend. , not to mention the blood essence of the legendary master of the ruins!

"Originally, this yin and yang heart must be combined with yin and yang, and I can't help it, but I can feel another yin and yang energy from you. Although it is weak, it is enough to resolve this yin and yang heart." The Golden Dragon King also slowly the way.

"I still have a very weak energy of one yin and one yang in me?" Xiao Yan murmured to himself after hearing what his master said.

"Could it be..."

"The seven-grade medicinal pill that was swallowed at the beginning, the Yin-Yang Xuanlong Pill?" Xiao Yan tried to recall and seemed to remember.

"That should be it." The Golden Dragon King obviously doesn't know why Xiao Yan has the power of yin and yang in his body, but this can just resolve the immediate crisis, otherwise the Qinglian woman in front of him is really...

"What should I do now?" Su Xueying calmed down a little and asked Xiao Yan, as if the cold feeling was no longer in her mouth.

​​