Chapter Vol 2 815: Enter Life and Death 2 Yiquan

"Is that the entrance?" Leng Fuyao's outstanding soul power instantly sensed a ray of light emerging from the lava, and immediately opened his mouth.

In the molten world, a door of light with a special light appeared, and then everyone passed through the door of light, and seemed to vaguely feel something from it.

"It's where." Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately agreed.

According to what the Fire Beast of Life and Death told him, adding Xiao Yan's perception, it was basically certain that it was the entrance.

"Go in and have a look?" Mu Feng looked at the gate of light and said with some expectation but some hesitation.

"Although there are many mysterious things in Yiquan of Life and Death, they are also very dangerous. Everyone, be careful after entering." Xiao Yan exhorted.

"Yes." Everyone agreed, and then they all swept towards the light mouth, and as Xiao Yan and his group entered, some changes took place in the two Yiquan of life and death.

"Hehe, someone is here." In the Spring of Life and Death, next to a stone table, a young man spoke slowly.

"Vicious old monster, this time you won't want to eat girls again, will you?" On the stone table, is a mouse.

The rat's body is silver and white, but its claws are extremely sharp, but the strength of this rat seems to be extremely terrifying.

And the young man, dressed in a very elegant clothes, looks like a scholar.

"Little Yin, what did you say?"

"Am I that kind of person?" The young man known as the vicious old monster rolled his eyes at the mouse lying on the stone table and said.

"Vicious old monsters, life and death, youth and easy aging, these are all common occurrences. If you do this, you will be punished by God, and we will not be able to help you at that time."

"And now, other monsters have been summoned by the guy in Guanghan Island. Now it's me and you. If something happens to you, I'm afraid no one in Guanghan Island will easily forgive you." The little silver mouse is quite proud. road.

"Okay, since some people are here, let's go meet them together. We have not been here for a long time since we were born and died," said the vicious old monster.

"Humph."

"What **** life and death Eryiquan, this place is a pool of stagnant water, it's useless after so many years!" The little silver mouse said with disdain, and then climbed onto the vicious old monster, the two figures slowly slowly disappear.

However, the vicious old monster said: "This spring of life and death is just damaged, otherwise you thought it would be so desolate?" After speaking, he casually glanced here before slowly disappearing.

"Arrived?" Xiao Yan and his group entered another dimension directly through the door of light in the molten world.

"This place is really evil. The ruins were originally a special space, and the Yiquan of Life and Death is a separate space. This handwriting..." Mu Feng couldn't help but said.

If you want to create space in space, this kind of strength is definitely not the battle of immortals.

"This place is so desolate." Mu Yingying spoke directly after entering the Spring of Life and Death.

At the same time, what caught everyone's eyes was a concentric circular island.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The place where everyone is standing is astonishingly cut off like a cross section, and looking down, it is clearly a huge basin!

In the basin, there are only two roundabouts. The circular roundabout is divided into two parts: the inner and outer parts. The inner roundabout is located in the middle, and there is a stone table made of stone.

In the middle of the two round islands, there are many strange springs flowing, but Xiao Yan did not feel any difference from the springs.

"Is this the Spring of Life and Death?"

"Could I have gone wrong?" Mu Feng also said after a round of induction, because this place is really too desolate, and it doesn't look like the strange life and death Eryiquan should have.

"Let's go and have a look first." Seeming to have made a decision, Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

"Be careful, there should be a vicious old monster here, that guy is the strongest among the three old monsters."

"Because this is where he lives." Yueru said suddenly vigilantly.

"There are still people living in this place where birds don't poop?" Mu Feng laughed in disbelief when he heard this.

However, this cannot be blamed on Mu Feng. In fact, there is nothing else here other than two concentric circular islands, so it would be unrealistic for some people to live here.

"In my opinion, the spring in the middle of the island is the legendary Spring of Life and Death, but why can't I see it?" Mu Feng was close to the spring before he spoke slowly.

"These springs are too ordinary, and it is impossible for us to evolve the energy of life in our bodies." After a while, Leng Fuyao also said.

"Could it be that he was deceived by the fire beast of life and death?" Xiao Yan was also somewhat confused, and immediately muttered to himself.

"Don't look at it, this should be the real life and death Eryi Spring. As for why this spring is like this, I also want to ask a few people." Just when everyone was at a loss, a calm voice suddenly sounded in front of everyone.

What caught everyone's eyes was a young talent with good looks and good looks.

"Who is this guy?" With the appearance of the man, Xiao Yan and his group were instantly vigilant.

The fact that this guy can appear here quietly, no doubt shows that his strength is very strong!

Moreover, Xiao Yan was sure that the people outside had been chased away by the fire beasts of life and death, so there is probably only one person here now.

Vicious old monster!

But the hated old monster is so old How come this vicious old monster is so young?

"You... are you a vicious old monster?" The inheritance rune on Yueru's forehead radiated a little light, and then Yueru seemed to know something and said.

"Fairy Moon Fairy's inheritance rune, it's really a lucky guy."

"Although owning this thing doesn't necessarily mean the inheritance of Fairy Moon, but there is always a chance to try it. I think I almost lost my life in order to get this thing, although I failed in the end." Vicious old monster It is not surprising that she recognized herself at a glance when facing Yueru. After all, the latter is a human who was planted by Fairy Moonlight to inherit the rune. If she can't even sense this, it can only mean Fairy Moonlight is short-sighted.

Looking at the exchange between Yueru and the vicious old monster for a short time, Xiao Yan and everyone could feel a terrifying pressure from the vicious old monster.

"How many of you came to the Spring of Life and Death, right?" Without Xiao Yan and the others speaking, the vicious old monster turned around and looked at the calm and colorless spring water channel around the island.

"Exactly." Xiu Qi stood up immediately, because she knew the strength of the vicious old monster, so she had to come out.

"But I'm sorry to tell you."

"Life and death, Yiquan will not be borrowed, and you will also become fertile nourishment for my eternal youth!"

"Hahaha!" After the vicious old monster finished speaking, a deafening laughter slowly reverberated in the entire Spring of Life and Death!

It's 5th watch today, I have something to do