Chapter Vol 4 1349: Enter the Tomb of Thunder!

"If everyone is ready, let's start right away." Looking at the crowd of contestants on the square, the Valley Master of Forge Thunder Valley smiled.

"Start!" The crowd below also burst out with a terrifying roar like a tidal wave. The momentum was so great that it even faintly caused a crack in the sky.

"Let's go too." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile.

"En." The four girls nodded slowly, then stared at the space passage in front of them. From there, they could smell a strong sense of crisis.

"Pfft, puff!" Tens of thousands of contestants poured into the space channel one after another, and rushed towards the Thunder Tomb.

"Chichi!" Above the silent earth, countless outsiders suddenly poured in, and it suddenly became lively.

"Is this the Thunder Tomb?" Just as Xiao Yan and the others entered the Thunder Tomb, a dazzling vindictive energy suddenly emerged, and they looked around vigilantly.

"This is the Thunder Tomb." After everyone checked and found nothing strange, they all breathed a sigh of relief.

What caught everyone's eyes was a gray space. The space was filled with a tyrannical thunderous aura, which obviously had a lot to do with this place being called the Thunder Tomb.

In the gray space, above the gray earth, a sense of heaviness came leisurely, and weak energy could be seen everywhere, making everyone happy.

"The space of the Thunder Tomb is extremely wide, and the spatial passage into the Thunder Tomb is random, and other contestants should have been sent to other places." After checking that there was no one around, Du Qifei said.

"It's really strong energy." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, and then grabbed his palm lightly in the void, and suddenly a faint energy appeared slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

It seemed like a very weak energy, but it was better than Xiao Yan's ten days of cultivation. It was enough to see that the rumors of this thunder tomb were true.

"In addition to the eight major forces in Leicheng this time, there are some strong people who need to pay attention." At the next moment, Duo Qifei also decided to tell Xiao Yan and the others the information he had obtained. After all, this is not just a The battle of people is more of a team-hungry battle.

"Oh?"

"In addition to the eight major forces of Leicheng, is there any other force that can compete with them on the same stage?" Xiao Yan also asked curiously, after all, these eight major forces can almost represent the top forces in the entire Eastern Continent.

"That's not true, just before going out, Dad asked me to be careful about a force in Leicheng called the Xieguang Gang. It is said that the details of this force are unknown, so I need to be more careful..."

"And my intuition tells me that this force doesn't seem to be normal." The next moment, Du Qifei spoke up, obviously every time she mentioned this force, her eyebrows would become weird, which made her quite depressed.

"So that's the case." When everyone heard the words, they were relieved immediately, and then wrote down the eight major forces and some strong opponents in this force.

The trip to the Thunder Tomb is not only an increase in the strength of many contestants, but it is also a great challenge. One’s strength is tyrannical. If the teammates in the same group lose, I am afraid they will also be eliminated. So this makes teamwork all the more important.

Just as Xiao Yan and the others were slowly exploring the surrounding area, scenes of shocking battles quietly emerged in other parts of the Thunder Tomb.

"Is this the Thunder Tomb..."

"The resting place of countless powerhouses on the East Continent... It seems to be the best place to welcome the Burning Soul Clan." On a dark rock, several strange figures slowly emerged.

On these guys, strips of conspicuous white bandages appeared, and under the white bandages, there seemed to be a trace of black aura that was extremely evil.

Their true identities are naturally the foreign evil races that are spurned by everyone in the world, and on the Eastern Continent, they also have their own identities.

The Xieguang Gang, a special force with a white bandage as a token, is extremely mysterious and low-key, but only they themselves know that this white bandage is only made with special power to block their evil aura.

"Sir, this white bandage limits our strength, we might as well take it off..."

"Anyway, this time has come, and this Thunder Tomb will naturally become the Dongzhou Crematorium." One of the figures said.

"Don't be impatient."

"Our ally Burning Soul Clan was destroyed by Du Tianhong alone. As allies, we naturally want to help them take revenge, but this trip to the Thunder Tomb will be able to compete for the most outstanding disciples on the Eastern Continent. When the time comes, we will show up and take revenge for them. The superpowers and outstanding disciples above East Continent are obliterated, and there will be no future troubles." The white figure headed by, a majestic depression constantly permeates the space, making the whole space full of unease.

"Sir, Shengming." The figures around him heard the words and said respectfully.

"Sir, do you need to announce to Sin and Soul Hall?"

"After all, they are the masterminds of this plan. We came here so quietly, if we are known by the great powers of our foreign evil race, I'm afraid we..." said one of the sages.

"Need not."

"Our relationship with the Burning Soul Clan is stronger than that of Jin. We will help them take revenge for these things. As for the sin and the Soul Palace, let them go." After everyone finished speaking, they were just about to leave here and walk around, a crack is closing in. emerge.

"Huhu."

"It's really a rare treasure of feng shui." The crack closed quietly, and suddenly there were several strong auras from it. , we must get a fighting soul, then we..." one of the followers whispered.

"That's natural..."

"Although our Rock Clan has not yet entered the ranks of the eight major forces, I believe that it will not be long before we can successfully enter. By then, the ninth force will be ours." After the man finished speaking, he laughed happily.

"Young Master, it's not too late, let's look for some tyrannical energy bodies first, and improve our strength." The follower Zaidu said.

"Well, let's go." The man was about to walk with the crowd, but unexpectedly something changed.

"Weng Om!" Just when the dozens of people from the Yan Clan were just about to take action, in the gray sky, white bandages formed a large airtight net in an instant, and it was easy to put everyone together. To cover it!

"not good!"

"There are enemies!"

"Defense defense!" The next moment, the man roared violently.

"Susu...Human..." After a short while, around the big white net, silhouettes entangled in white jumping discs suddenly appeared.

Immediately after it emerged, the white bandage on its body suddenly disintegrated, revealing a terrifying scene like **** in the sky.

"The domain... the extraterritorial evil race?" At this moment, dozens of people from this rock clan were also gloomy. No matter what, they never imagined that this extraterritorial evil race, which was jointly attacked by the Great Thousand Worlds, could blatantly enter. Thunder Tomb!