Chapter Vol 4 1271: 2 guesses!

"Three adults, this way please." The maid took Xiao Yan and walked towards the depths of the city lord's mansion. It was relatively quiet and hardly disturbed. It was a place to receive distinguished guests.

"Have you finished your registration?" The three Xiao Yan, who had just started walking, immediately bumped into Duan Yu.

"Thank you Duan Yu brother for leading the way just now." Seeing this, Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly. Du Yu was about the same age as him, but his strength was stronger than himself, and his status was also aloof.

When Du Yu saw this, he couldn't help laughing, and then he brought them to greet Mo Yu, and immediately settled down between Xiao Yan and the three, but Xiao Yan and the others didn't know that they were able to live in the City Lord's Mansion. A symbol of identity and strength, so that many people are quite depressed.

Because of the arrival of the ratio of Dongzhou, many places in Leicheng were specially set aside for the contestants to live in. As for directly living in the city lord's mansion, this is the first time I have seen it, but with the instructions of the elders, others did not Dare to talk.

Xiao Yan and Yu Ran Ran were settled in a rather quiet courtyard in the city lord's mansion. Xiao Yan and the two daughters lived very close to each other, but at this time Xiao Yan obviously didn't have the heart to think about it. Go inside, lie down and fall asleep.

Things on Icefire Island are too troublesome, and Xiao Yan also needs a good rest.

"Elder Dufeng, to settle Xiao Yan and the other three in my city master's mansion, this is obviously against the rules..."

"If the city owner finds out and blames him... I'm afraid..." In the corridor, Du Yu and Du Feng walked side by side, Du Yu said directly, apparently just with Xiao Yan and the others, Du Yu didn't ask any further questions. .

"Hehe, I will naturally decide this matter. The city lord will tell me when he comes back. I need to find him urgently." After Du Feng finished speaking, he went away mysteriously.

"Strange... What happened to Elder Dufeng today..." Duan Yu shook his head and said, obviously he had never seen Dufeng like this before, but there was nothing to do about it. After all, Elder Dufeng was not from the City Lord's Mansion. It was the people in the Thunder Valley of Forging Knives, who were sent out this time to collect information.

The city lord was not there. At this time, all the affairs in the city lord's mansion were presided over by Du Yu alone, and he was also busy with other things.

As for Dufeng, it seemed that there was something extremely pleasing that he wanted to discuss with the city lord. After checking the city lord's absence, he returned to his study.

"Dong dong dong."

"Elder Dufeng, the city owner has a request." After a while, the voice of a guard slowly sounded in the study.

"Finally back..." Du Feng heard the words, smiled slowly, then put down everything in his hand and went directly to the city lord.

"Oh, what is this for?"

"Do we still need to register for registration information?" At this time, there were still a few figures in the study who were preparing to register information, but when the guard said this, Du Feng left them and left. Although they had complaints about this, but Don't dare to say it.

"Sir." Du Feng had white hair, but he was in good spirits, and he came to a pavilion not long after.

At this time, above the pavilion, a figure with a fairy style and a bone is slowly sitting on the stone table.

"Hehe, Elder Dufeng, you are looking for me in such a hurry, don't know what?" The city lord said slightly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The city lord looks quite young, and his body is quite well-proportioned, revealing a refined scholar temperament invisibly. His handsome facial features and his slender body are quite wonderful.

"Lord City Lord, please take a look." Du Feng smiled, and then placed a piece of white paper directly on the stone table in the pavilion.

"This is……"

"Tenth-level fire attribute?" Seeing this, the city lord couldn't help but be surprised.

"After so many years, finally there is a powerhouse with tenth-level fire attribute Dou Qi purity..." The city lord couldn't help but exclaimed.

No one knows the purity of tenth-level Dou Qi better than the city lord himself.

Their Valley Master casts a special crystal ball, through which the concentration of Dou Qi can be clearly revealed, and the concentration of Dou Qi is related to strength.

The valley owner of their forged sword Thunder Valley is the tenth-level thunder attribute vindictive concentration, and the lightning attribute is the highest in Dongzhou. In the final analysis, the valley owner has some wonders in the world that can enhance the power of the thunder attribute!

Otherwise, the concentration of fighting qi of ordinary humans can reach the seventh level, which is already in the sky. If it is eighth and ninth, it is enough to show that there is a treasure in this human being, and if it is tenth, it will only be a wonder of heaven and earth.

"Fire attribute, or Alchemist..."

"As we all know, there are only two kinds of fire-attribute wonders in the world, fire elves and holy flames." The city lord's tone couldn't help showing a hint of fiery. Obviously, the word holy flame is enough to drive anyone crazy.

"good!"

"My lord, according to my perception and guess, there is a very high possibility that there is a holy flame in this human named Xiao Yan." Du Feng also smiled slowly.

"If this guy really possesses holy flame, and with his identity as an alchemist, I'm afraid he can truly exorcise the dark disease on the owner of the valley."

"After all, the last time, the owner of the valley was seriously injured in order to suppress an entire foreign evil clan. Although he has recovered a lot now, he has only recovered eight or nine out of ten, and there are still many dark diseases left."

"And these years, although the Valley Master has dispatched a lot of power to find it, the powerhouses with holy flames are too rare."

"And the dark diseases planted by the evil races outside the territory can only be exorcised by holy flames." The city lord said with a slight smile when he heard the words.

"The city master is wise." Du Feng smiled.

Don't look at Du Feng as the elder in the Thunder Valley of Forging ~ But the City Lord of Thunder City in front of him is far above him in terms of identity and strength, so Du Feng is just like that.

"It's just this strength, the two-star Dou Xian early stage is too weak." The city owner shook his head slightly, but for Xiao Yan, the two-star Dou Xian early stage and the emperor-rank third-grade pharmacist, these simple words can make him really pay attention.

"Except for Sheng Yan, I always feel that this kid seems to be hiding something. I am afraid that his level of alchemist is not only the third rank of emperor..."

"Otherwise, with the pressure of my three-star fighting spirit, he would not be able to resolve it easily." Du Feng suddenly had a bold guess.

"You mean..." The city lord's eyes lit up when he heard this!

If Xiao Yan is really an alchemist of the immortal rank, and he is also a pharmacist with holy flame, I am afraid there is really hope for the dark disease of the valley owner!

And once the Valley Master's dark disease is cured, the overall strength of Dongzhou will return to its original state!

"It seems that we have to send someone to contact them, but fortunately they live in our city lord's mansion, which is also convenient." The city lord whispered slightly.

"This time, I don't know what questions the Valley Master will come up with. I'll just wait and see." Duan Feng also laughed.

"Don't worry, the owner of the valley has never disappointed us."

"But the security in Leicheng recently, you have to take a good look, and there seems to be some new action from the alien clan and sin." After the city lord finished speaking, a violent murderous aura slowly emerged.

. full book m.