Chapter Vol 4 1063: she is my wife

"Woohoohoohoo." In the golden desert everywhere, the sound of breaking wind could be heard incessantly.

The desert has been a forbidden area for human beings since ancient times. Here, human beings will gradually become cornered due to lack of water and food. They will stay in the desert completely and turn into bones, which is why they have the name of the desert of death.

"What a terrifying desert storm." At this time, in the desert of death, two figures flew one after another, and these two were Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan.

In front of the two, a desert storm with a height of tens of meters formed, but it did not affect the two of them.

"Where are we going now?" Mu Yingying asked slightly, apparently in the desert, she had completely lost her sense of direction.

However, Mu Yingying's face was extremely ugly at this time. Obviously, whether it was because of her body or the holy flame in her body, she fell into a weak state as soon as she came to the front.

"Let's go to the Medusa family's territory first."

"The seniors who just rescued us also told us, I think they should have no malicious intentions." Xiao Yan said, although Mu Yingying lost her sense of direction, but Xiao Yan was able to distinguish clearly with a faint trace of blood in her body. Out of the location of the Medusa family.

"Xiao Yan..." Mu Yingying watched Xiao Yan prepare to move, and suddenly said in a deep voice, with some worry in her voice.

"What's wrong?" Xiao Yan turned around and asked in doubt.

"My brother... what's going on?" Mu Yingying asked, still unwilling to give up. Obviously, when Yan Chi was rescued, after Fen Tian's inspection, no safety hazards were found, but why was there a mutiny? Things have been bothering Mu Yingying.

"Senior Yanchi should have some extraterritorial evil clan power remaining in his body after being caught by the Xuanling royal family, so he was controlled by the extraterritorial evil clan."

"That kind of thing, even if it is as powerful as Fentian, has not found it." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"But isn't holy flame the deadliest poison for the alien race?"

"How could it be possible to control..." Mu Yingying was still puzzled.

"I don't know either, but don't worry, I will save him." Xiao Yan shook his head and said, and after seeing Mu Yingying's depressed mood, he hurriedly added a sentence.

"If... my brother really helped Zhou, please get to know him in the end." A trace of abnormality flashed in Mu Yingying's big, smart eyes, and after speaking, she moved directly towards the Medusa clan's territory.

"Alas..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly followed.

Not long after, the Medusa family's underground crystal palace.

"Old Snake." Seeing Shefu returning with several other people, the other strong men of the eight major tribes of Medusa who had already been waiting here said respectfully.

"Sit down." Shefu said slightly, and then stood directly in front of the Crystal Throne, facing away from the many strong men of the Medusa family.

As for Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying, and Xiao Yi Longyi, they were behind Shefu and didn't say a word.

Even if he didn't have to feel it deliberately, Xiao Yan knew that the weakest of the many powerhouses standing here at this time might have reached the perfection level of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, and there were more of the Nine-Star Dou Emperor.

And everyone knew that with such silent anger, it was obvious that something was going to happen.

"Old Snake, Snake King, I'll open the skylight and say something bright."

"Is it worth it to use the power of our Medusa clan for such a hairy boy, even if the grievances with the Xuanling royal family are even heavier?" And the silence did not last long. On the seat, an old man with resentful eyes But he stared at Xiao Yan and said.

"Among the Medusa clan today, the eight major tribes have gradually merged under the leadership of Queen Medusa. It's a pity that the four of you are immortal and refuse to merge." And the snake king next to Shefu shouted angrily, said directly.

"Humph."

"Snake King, you don't need to use Queen Medusa to oppress me."

"Although she has obtained the inheritance of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, she is an outsider after all, so how can she be like us?" The old man on the seat continued to say.

"Merbal, don't go too far!"

"If it wasn't for Queen Medusa, I'm afraid you would have died dozens of times." Seeing the figure on the seat chattering, the Snake King couldn't help roaring.

"The four of us are firmly opposed to Queen Medusa's rule."

"And this human being, let's give it to the Xuanling royal family as soon as possible for shelter."

"Otherwise, it will attract an attack from the Xuanling royal family, and our Medusa clan will be greatly injured!" said Mobar in the seat.

Mobal, the leader of the Black Snake tribe among the eight major tribes of the Medusa family, has reached the level of a three-rank nine-star Dou Emperor.

"Sister Cailin is not a weirdo..."

"You are talking nonsense!" As soon as Mobal finished speaking, a young girl with three-color light beside him questioned slightly.

"Okay, this is the time between adults."

"Xiaoqing, take her down." After Shefu finished speaking, Xiaoqing immediately appeared and took the three-colored swallowing python down.

"Boy, since this matter is because of you, you should solve it." Shefu ignored Mobar and said to Xiao Yan.

Just now, Shefu brought the Snake King and three tribal leaders to rescue Xiao Yan, and the five naturally tended to Xiao Yan. However, there were still four leaders who were dissatisfied with Queen Medusa and Xiao Yan, which is why they are now situation.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan agreed softly, and then walked towards Mobar. As for Xiaoyi and Long Yi's body the power surged slightly, obviously once Mobar launched an attack, the two would not hesitate. the shot.

"You are the human that the queen often mentioned?" Mobal watched Xiao Yan walking towards him and couldn't help but ask, because this human is really weak, and only has the strength of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, although he There is a mysterious power in him that makes him quite afraid.

"Wherever you go, trouble will follow." Xiao Yan said to himself softly.

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the voice fell, a trace of blood containing nine colors in the body suddenly burst out from the body.

This blood was left in Xiao Yan's body by Cai Lin when he was in Dou Qi Continent, even Xiao Yan has only discovered it now.

"Pfft!" With the emergence of this drop of blood, Mobal's face changed greatly, and even his body did not obey, and bowed directly to Xiao Yan.

"Now... but what's the problem?" Xiao Yan looked at Mobar and knelt down directly, then asked with a hint of seriousness.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The most taboo of the monsters is the power of blood. As long as the power of blood is pure enough, there is no problem that cannot be solved.

"Why do you have the blood of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python on you?" Mobal raised his head with difficulty and looked at Xiao Yan in surprise.

"because……"

"She is my wife." When many Medusa powerhouses were surprised, a voice slowly came out of Xiao Yi's mouth. At that time, the entire Crystal Palace sounded like thunder.