Chapter Vol 4 950: Forest of Death!

"If I can help you, the pavilion master, to solve the mystery of Yin Tong's fall and win the championship in this sect competition."

"Is this possible?" Originally, Fen Tian was still angry, but when he heard Xiao Yan say this, his expression became strange.

"You... are you sure?" The next moment, a daze appeared in Fen Tian's pupils, then he turned his back to Xiao Yan and said softly.

"I heard some things about the sect competition and Yintong senior brother before. If you are sure, you should score five or five points." Xiao Yan didn't dare to guarantee.

"Actually, if you don't tell me, this time I will let you investigate the truth. This is also a long-cherished wish of a master of mine, because even if Yin Tong has been dead for so many years, how exactly he died, I am still in the dark. "

"This is also a personal request for your help. Whether it is successful or not, I Fen Tian owe you a favor." Fen Tian said.

"The disciple will naturally try his best." Xiao Yan said.

"But I have to remind you that the place where the sect competes is extremely strange. Even if I landed there, I didn't find anything." Fen Tian said.

"Pavilion Master, don't worry, I have Holy Flame with me." Xiao Yan saw Fen Tian's worry and said.

"This is only one thing. This time, if possible, kill all the disciples of the Xuanling royal family. The grievances between our two sects have long been irreversible." Fen Tian said.

"Well, I had this plan for a long time." Xiao Yan responded.

"I know you have a lot of secrets on you, but we don't care about them in the Fenxiang Pavilion. After all, a saint like Yanchi can become the Supreme Elder of our Fenxiang Pavilion."

"So I just want to tell you that no matter what you do, as long as you are still my Fenxiang Pavilion's person for one day, then the Fenxiang Pavilion will always stand behind you." Fen Tian said.

"Pavilion Master, I know, I will be back before the sect competition starts."

"And this time, I will let the Xuanling royal family settle all the previous grievances." Xiao Yan said word by word, his voice full of shocking killing intent.

"Let's go early and come back early." Fen Tian smiled when he heard this.

"Disciple retire!" Xiao Yan resigned respectfully, and then closed the room.

"Just let him run away like that?"

"Although this kid has a good temperament and strength, he won't back down in the face of such a huge formation of the Xuanling Royal Family?" Yan Chi on the side appeared slightly and couldn't help saying.

Yan Chi naturally had some prejudice against Xiao Yan. After all, if he could fool his sister into circles, how could he be a simple person.

"Hehe, although this kid has seen the huge power in the Xuanling royal family, I don't think he will back down because of this."

"I'm afraid I need to do some important things when I approach the sect competition and leave the Fenxiang Pavilion." Fentian seemed to see through Xiao Yan.

"What is the most important thing? What else can be more important than the sect competition." Yan Chi said.

"The forest of death in the most fringe area of ​​Xuantian San is extremely unstable. It seems that there is a very faint smell of the Xiao clan." Fen Tian said slowly.

"Xiao Clan? Didn't they disappear? Why did they appear again?"

"Xiao Yan?"

"Could it be them?" Yan Chi also muttered in his mouth, and then his views on Xiao Yan changed 180 degrees.

"Hush hush hush, this matter should not be made public." Fen Tian said something, and then the two stopped talking.

However, Yan Chi was extremely shocked. If Xiao Yan was really a person of that power, I am afraid that he would have achieved too much in the future and had too many things on his shoulders...

"Let's go." Xiao Yan returned to the Five Bamboo Residence and led Xiao Xuan towards a certain place.

He simply said goodbye to Xiao Yi Mufeng and left the Burning Incense Pavilion quietly.

"Uncle, where are we going now?" After leaving the Fenxiang Pavilion, Xiao Yan dared to communicate with his uncle.

"I didn't expect this guy Fen Tian to break through to the 2-star Dou Xian. As for that guy Yan Chi, I'll see you again when I have a chance." The Golden Dragon King looked at the Fenxiang Pavilion and said.

"Next, let's go to the edge of the Xuanling Continent first," said the Golden Dragon King.

"The edge?" Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan both looked at each other.

This is Xuansan Sansan, the center of the Xuanling Continent. If you go from here to the edge, I am afraid it will take a month just to travel, not to mention saving people.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What are you looking at me for?"

"I didn't say I walked over with my feet." The Golden Dragon King couldn't help but rolled his eyes and said Xiao Yan and the two.

"Uncle Shi, don't give a shit, it's very important to save the people of the Xiao clan." Xiao Yan couldn't help saying.

"Take it." The Golden Dragon King listened to Xiao Yan, and without talking nonsense, he directly took out a scroll from the collection ring.

On the scroll, an unusually dazzling space force was slowly born, and the scroll was amber and made of sheepskin.

"A good thing, a long-distance space teleportation scroll." When Xiao Yan saw this thing, his eyes naturally glowed.

This thing can only be made by a battle formation master or a powerhouse with space attributes, and the making of this thing is quite complicated, even if it is Zhu Jin, it is quite difficult to make.

"Don't talk nonsense, let's go, I can sense that the person from the Xiao family doesn't seem to last long." The Golden Dragon King burst out.

The power of blood in Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan suddenly had a slight boil, and that feeling was as if the power of blood that had been lost for many years was boiling!

"Go!" Xiao Yan shouted and then the core inscription of the divine movement of life at the Ni Gong Wan in the body quickly rotated, and then the dazzling spiritual power poured out, directly tearing the space teleportation array scroll.

The next moment, a door of light about several dozen meters in size appeared directly in front of the three of them, and the three of them did not hesitate, they stepped directly into the door of light and instantly flooded into it.

At the same time, the door of light closed instantly, and when Du appeared, it had already appeared at the very edge of Xuanling Continent!

When Xiao Yan first came to the Xuanling Continent, it wasn't the most fringe. The extreme fringe of the Xuanling Continent was even more remote than the Yue family!

"Yahahah!"

"Cuckoo!" A gloomy wind emerged, and strange crows flew all over the sky.

At the very edge of the Xuanling Continent, this place is controlled by darkness all day long, and the gloomy wind flows in the air with a dazzling breath.

The Forest of Death!

This is an extremely huge mountain range. Whether it is flowers, trees or magical beasts, the mountain range is filled with an extremely violent force. It is full of dangers. It is a death zone recognized by the entire Xuanling Continent. There are many strange things. And it is said that it is still among the several powerful battlefields left by the Blood River Continent of the Ghost Realm and the Xuantian War!

At this time, in this forest controlled by darkness all day, two figures are chasing after me, which seems rather monotonous!

It's just that the figure is extremely thin, but on the forehead, there is a vague ancient pattern that is exactly the same as Xiao Yan's!