Chapter 140: success!

"Damn, I still don't believe it!"

"Since it's the power I cultivated, how can it be reversed!" Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, and then his body covered his body with Dou Qi, and his body and mind were also controlled by the crazy soul power in his body!

"Boom boom boom!"

Xiao Yan also tried his best to suppress the soul power in his body, but the soul power in his body has also reached the emperor realm mortal level, and the soul power is strong to a certain extent, so naturally he will not give up the territory of the soul realm.

"Go back to me!"

Xiao Yan was obviously also angry, this soul power could not be suppressed by eating, so what would happen if his body was indestructible like this.

The huge soul power in Xiao Yan's body also fell silent under his extreme control, and then the white divine inscription was slowly imprinted in the Niwan Palace.

The Shendong Inscription Seal had just arrived in the Niwan Palace, and it was obviously as if he had arrived at his own home. Although the strong mental pressure landed on Xiao Yan's mind at first, it was also fleeting.

"Hoohoo!"

Xiao Yan was also panting heavily. This seemingly simple moment made Xiao Yan sweat profusely.

Only Xiao Yan knows what he has experienced. Although he does not know the level of the so-called magical inscription seal, when he entered Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan was dazzled and fascinated. He could feel it from the divine moving inscription seal. This decision is not trivial.

"Originally, I thought that the huge soul power in your body could be suppressed by some other means. After all, we did not have a precedent for dual cultivation of soul power and spiritual power before, but I didn't expect you to suppress it..." Void figure also said slowly, obviously This will also improve Xiao Yan's evaluation.

"The next step is to inscribe the core inscription..."

"Then, this thing can prey on disposable things, remember to put it away every time you cast the formation, otherwise there should be very few things in the world now." As he spoke, a white scroll appeared in his hand.

"By urging the Divine Movement Seal in your body, you can engrave core inscriptions on this scroll, but how many core inscriptions can be engraved depends on the strength of your mental power."

"However, the power of the soul is the power of the soul, and the power of the soul is not the power of the soul. In my opinion, it is good to condense a few." The figure of nothingness also said, obviously this is not to underestimate Xiao Yan, after all, Xiao Yan is a spiritual power. Neither practice.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also closed his eyes and rested his mind, and then slowly moved the divine movement that had just calmed down.

Xiao Yan's mental power slowly flowed out along the Niwan Palace, and then moved towards the white scroll in front of him.

Mental power is invisible and colorless, and it is exactly the same as soul power, but Xiao Yan feels that the relationship between the two is not so simple. with the core inscription.

The appearance of a core inscription made a strong aura of confusion on the white scroll.

With the passage of time, another core inscription appeared. When there were a hundred inscriptions, Xiao Yan's forehead was also covered with sweat. After all, Xiao Yan's mental power was also weak and pitiful.

"To be able to condense a hundred core inscriptions for the first time!" The nihilistic figure was also surprised. You must know that in the ancient times, the first time to condense fifty core inscriptions was a person with outstanding talent. Condensed a full one hundred, how to make him not surprised.

"Hoohoo!"

Xiao Yan also looked at the hundred core inscriptions on the white scroll, and nodded with satisfaction, and then the avatar in his soul realm was instantly summoned, and he also wanted to try this first cohesion. How powerful is the power of the attack formation that comes out.

The avatar Xiao Yan just appeared, and then the dull eyes also regained their brilliance.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan waved the white scroll in his hand, and then shrouded Xiao Yan towards his clone.

The white scroll just enveloped the avatar Xiao Yan, and it enveloped the surrounding space of hundreds of meters. A strong aura appeared, and then viciously attacked the avatar Xiao Yan.

The seemingly terrifying attack came on Xiao Yan's body, and it was like a vase.

"It seems that if you want to trap a three-star Dou Emperor peak or a four-star Dou Emperor powerhouse, you need at least a thousand core inscriptions..."

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also put away his avatar, and then looked at the formation in front of him and muttered to himself.

"But it's really good, it's just a bit of mental energy..."

Xiao Yan clapped his palms, and while he was amazed, he was a little regretful. If his mental power was like soul power, if he was more tyrannical, maybe he would be able to fly in the sky like those legendary powerhouses, killing them in a flash. Millions of enemies, now, I am afraid that there are not many core inscriptions condensed, and their spiritual power will be exhausted.

Putting away the white scroll, it is obviously not a one-time use thing, it can be used continuously, and it is also a precious thing. Then Xiao Yan observed the natal **** moving seal in the Niwan Palace. The seal is currently suspended in the Niwan Palace, but the seal looks too vague and bleak. Obviously, it is still a little uncomfortable to accommodate Xiao Yan's body just now, and it is only a quarter of the time, so this needs to be done. Xiao Yan's training for a long time can be regarded as a complete solidification of the life seal.

Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile when he looked at the seal of life in the Niwan Palace. From now on, he can also be regarded as a formal fighting formation master, but obviously he is not interested in engraving armors or weapons. , He is not very interested, but he is very concerned about the magical effect of mental power. This thing, like the owner in the ruins before, is easy to use for trapping people and killing people. Moreover, if he cultivated to the depths, he would not be weaker than some strong fighters who cultivated Dou Qi, and waving his hand to kill is just a matter of thought.

However, compared to the real fighting spirit, mental power and soul power are obviously more illusory. If there is no talent in this area, I am afraid it is really difficult to make any progress.

The cultivation of spiritual power, talent, is the most important, which is why the illusory figure is so moved when he sees the spiritual talent in Xiao Yan's body.

"Senior, how do you cultivate spiritual power? And are there any ranks of spiritual power warriors?" After thinking about it, he took back his spiritual power and the white scroll, and asked softly.

"The cultivation of spiritual power mainly relies on will..." Before the empty figure could finish speaking, it dissipated in this cave.

Xiao Yan also bowed to the vanishing figure, and then looked depressed.

Obviously, the void figure in front of him has also consumed the last remaining power. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: