Chapter : 817 1 The Flickering Moon Fairy

"Bright Moon Fairy?" The vicious old monster immediately shrank his pupils when he heard the words, and then stared at the illusory figure in front of him!

If it wasn't for this guy back then, how could he be trapped in the ruins?

How could it be possible to be bound in the ruins for thousands of years and not be able to go out?

So when I saw the Fairy Moon again, the eyes of the vicious old monster were full of resentment.

"Go away." Fairy Moonlight raised her hand gently, and an invisible force instantly dissipated the life and death power of the vicious old monster.

"You...are you the inheritor that I chose?" After doing this, Fairy Jiaoyue turned her forehead towards Yueru, and did not care about the vicious old monster.

What caught everyone's eyes was an immortal woman.

The woman has black and beautiful hair, three thousand blue silk falling down, and her eyebrows are slightly curved, which is quite graceful. In addition to the delicate appearance like a porcelain doll that drips water and her graceful figure, how much is this? A man's dream lover!

Above the forehead, a silver-white moon rune is looming, looking extremely mysterious.

"Senior, it's me." Yueru gently wiped away the sweat from calling Fairy Moonlight just now, and then spoke up, but at this moment, the inheritance rune on Yueru's forehead was exactly the same as Fairy Moonlight in front of her!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Er Duo Shengyan, a kid who masters the secret arts of the ghost world."

"It seems that the people who help you are not very ordinary."

"Although these people are still extremely weak now, I believe that in the near future, there will be a place for them in the peak powerhouses of the Great Thousand World." Fairy Moon Moon said quite sweetly.

"No, Fairy Moon is just a phantom, but it's not something I can deal with now."

"The only plan now is to go first." Seeing this, the vicious old monster suddenly had the intention to retreat, and then Wei Wei prepared to leave here.

"Senior..." Xiao Yan hurriedly made a sound as if he noticed that the vicious old monster had changed.

"Hehe, don't worry." Fairy Moonlight immediately nodded when she heard the words, but with a slight lift of her slender hand, a silver-white light beam silently swept across the sky, attacking the escaping vicious old monster. .

"Not good!" The vicious old monster immediately noticed Fairy Moon's attack, but when he tried to avoid it, he realized that it was too late.

"Although this immortal is not the real body, if you can't even deal with a vicious old monster of an eight-star fighting emperor, then it's a bit..." Fairy Jiaoyue laughed softly.

"Fairy Moon, what kind of fighting fairy are you?"

"Dignified Fighting Immortal, actually imprisoned us?" The vicious old monster was bound by the silver-white power of Fairy Moon, no matter how hard he struggled, he couldn't get rid of it, and then roared at Fairy Moon.

"Vicious old monster, what you said is wrong."

"If you hadn't coveted the treasures in my ruins, you wouldn't have gotten to where you are now, so everything is your own fault, no one else's to blame." Fairy Moonlight still said lightly.

"You!" The vicious old monster wanted to take a picture of the Fairy Moon in front of him.

"Life and Death Eryi Spring was also a treasure land of Feng Shui in my time. Back then, with my fall, this treasure land completely lost its effect. It's a pity." Fairy Jiaoyue looked at the two circular islands in front of her. The spring in the middle opened his mouth slightly, and his voice was filled with a sense of guilt.

"I don't know senior, can this life and death two Yiquan be repaired?" Xiao Yan still did not give up and continued to ask.

This Yiquan of Life and Death is Xiao Yan's last chance. If it is not repaired properly, then I am afraid that Xiao Yan's body will not be able to produce the power of life!

Moreover, if the power of life cannot be born, it is not enough to say that the six-star Dou Emperor is consummated now, but when he breaks through the seven-star Dou Emperor, the power of life and death will give birth to attributes, and the strength will be greatly improved, but Xiao Yan still has no life. strength, the combat effectiveness is greatly reduced!

Moreover, if there is no life force, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's peak in this life, that is, the eight-star Dou Emperor is complete, after all, if he wants to break through the nine-star Dou emperor, it is absolutely impossible without life force.

But there are still many things waiting for you to do. Not to mention that Cailin is already at the level of Dou Xian. In addition to finding Xun’er and breaking the Xiao clan’s fascination, many things require strength. Eight Star Dou The power of the emperor is tantamount to not being able to do anything.

"The situation in your body seems to be a bit special."

"I think you want to use the two yiquan of life and death to give birth to the power of life?" Facing Xiao Yan's question, Fairy Moonlight turned her beautiful eyes slightly and asked.

"Not bad." Xiao Yan did not shy away.

"Life and Death Eryiquan does have this mysterious effect, but..."

"If you want to restore the Spring of Life and Death, the price is a bit huge, so it is."

"Are you still willing?" Fairy Jiaoyue hesitated for a while, then spoke.

"How big is it?"

"It's enough to break your body into pieces." Xiao Yan's question and answer had not ended, but Fairy Moonlight still spoke.

"Break to pieces?" Xiao Yan was quite puzzled when he heard this.

"Life and Death Eryi Spring does have many mysterious effects, but when I fell, I don't know why it lost its mystery and completely turned into a pool of ordinary spring water."

"I think it has something to do with the thing below." Fairy Moon stared at the spring water channel in the two circular islands.

"What?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Spring Eye."

"If you want to restore the mystery of life and death, Yiquan, I am afraid you have to go down to investigate whether there is a problem with the spring." Fairy Moon Moon said seriously But this spring is yin and yang..." After a while, Fairy Jiaoyue suddenly spoke, but her eyes were fixed on Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying.

According to Fairy Jiaoyue's perception, each of them has a holy flower, but the holy flame in Mu Yingying's body seems to be in a state of sleep or seal, which makes Fairy Jiaoyue quite puzzled.

"Yes……"

"Do you need holy flames?" Xiao Yan was thoughtful, adding that Fairy Moon Moon was surprised by the two holy flames on him and Mu Yingying, he seemed to have some guesses.

"Yes." Fairy Jiaoyue replied softly when she saw that Xiao Yan was so smart.

"It's troublesome now." Hearing this, Xiao Yan suddenly felt a little condensed in his heart. He knew that the holy flame in Mu Yingying's body seemed to be in a seal or something else, so if Mu Yingying was let down at this time, it would be more fortunate than for good fortune.

"Do you really need this thing?" Mu Yingying heard the words, stepped forward gently, and asked Xiao Yan a question.

"I am now a complete Six-Star Dou Emperor, and I have not been able to give birth to the power of life for a long time. I am afraid that there is only a glimmer of hope in the world, the two Yiquan of life and death."

"But your body is still the most important thing. I'll think of other ways." Xiao Yan helplessly showed a wry smile. Although he knew that life and death were very important to him, Mu Yingying's body would not allow her to be Use the power of holy flame.

"I'll go down with you." Mu Yingying thought for a while, and then said to Xiao Yan, there was a shallow dimple on her beautiful cheek that made her smile particularly bright.

ask for a ticket