Chapter 21: Conquer the ghost? The terrifying power of the Golden Dragon King

"The next thing is to conquer it!" The Golden Dragon King looked at the huge ghost in the sky that was condensed by many soul bodies.

"The corpse control method of the corpse demon family has a dot on the forehead of the corpse. That dot is not easy for ordinary people to find, but it is the biggest nemesis!"

"The corpse control method of the corpse demon family is also extremely perfect, but I have dealt with them a lot, and the only drawback is also known. The corpse control method is originally a magic circle, and the eyes of the circle force all souls together. Eyes, the shadow in front of me is also unbearable." The Golden Dragon King said to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan tried his best to use his soul power to look, but he didn't find the so-called formation eye on the top of the ghost's head. "It seems that the formation eye should be hidden. It takes an accurate attack to make the formation point appear."

Xiao Yan had a plan in his heart, he used his vindictive energy, surrounded himself with strange fire, and attacked the ghost. Although the evil aura emanating from this phantom was stronger than the aura of the man in black just now, even if it reached the level of a four-star fighting emperor, the phantom was too cumbersome and had no wisdom at all. Knowing the slaughtered war machine, Xiao Yan dared to fight against it.

The huge ghost in the sky constantly exudes an evil aura. In this small space, wherever the ghost goes, the trees wither rapidly, leaving no grass behind.

"Great Heaven's Good Fortune Palm!" Xiao Yan looked at the shadow that was getting closer, and walked away with one palm!

A huge energy palm print whizzed away at the ghost, and the strange fire slowly surrounded the palm, attacking away with the slightest sound of breaking wind!

"Huhu!" The huge ghost was waved and the energy palm print was dissipated, but the flames of the strange fire did remain on the ghost's hand! When Xiao Yan launched the attack, he deliberately avoided the blind spot of the ghost's vision. Although Xiao Yan himself knew that the Heavenly Fortune Palm of the Heavenly Rank Fighting Skill could not cause too much damage to the creature in front of him that was comparable to the Four-star Fighting Emperor, but I didn't expect that the defense and reaction of this phantom would be so terrifying!

Xiao Yan's attack seems to have attracted Mo Ying's attention. Mo Ying just wanted to attack Xiao Yan, but unexpectedly the strange fire on Mo Ying's arm was burning violently, and Mo Ying let out a roar. It was a lot of damage, but Mo Ying's clumsy body was helpless with this strange fire. He hurriedly looked at Xiao Yan with fierce eyes, and his eyes seemed to devour Xiao Yan with hatred!

"Master, the flame has already attached to the arm of the ghost, what should I do next?" It turned out that his master, the Golden Dragon King, secretly told Xiao Yan just now that as long as the flame was attached to the arm of the ghost, the next It was handed over to the master, the Golden Dragon King.

"Leave it to me next, take a good look at it."

"Although your strange fire is not a holy flame, it is not much different. From what I can see, your strange fire is the same as the holy flame. Restraint." Looking at Mo Ying and Xiao Yan explained.

"Leave the control of your body to me for the time being." The Golden Dragon King said to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan immediately understood the meaning of the master, and did not obstruct him, letting Jinlong's soul control his body.

"Hey hey, I haven't encountered the corpse demon clan for many years." Xiao Yan's voice seemed to be slightly different, and then he didn't care about the huge ghost in front of him. The huge breath slowly woke up, and the breath of the ghost in front of him was one in the sky and one in the ground.

Yueru in the distance couldn't stand the evil aura emanating from this huge ghost for a long time, so she passed out, but fortunately, Xiao Yi was there to take care of her.

"You were all strong men in my world before you were alive. Unfortunately, you were killed by the demons, but your souls are still being driven by the demons. Are you willing?"

"You must have vividly remembered the many injuries caused by the evil races from outside the realm to the thousands of souls in my world. Are you willing to help the tyrants in this way?"

"Does the dignity of your strong man allow you to do this!" The different Xiao Yan roared at the huge shadow in the sky, exuding an aura and aura that was no less than that of the shadow.

When Xiao Yan roared these words, a huge ghost in the sky was attacking Xiao Yan suddenly changed!

The originally aggressive ghost figure was covered with many soul bodies. After Xiao Yan said those words, there was a trace of resonance from the depths of his soul!

Xiao Yan's seemingly simple roar contained a huge amount of soul power, which was directly transmitted to the depths of every enslaved soul through the power of the soul, so that the last trace of reason in their hearts and the dignity of the strong were instantly stimulated. come out!

"Not reconciled!" Many souls roared furiously, as if to say.

The many souls that are covered on the ghost like scales are violently resisting, trying to get rid of the enslavement of the ghost!

Many souls are constantly breaking free, like scales are about to fall off, but the ghost also knows this situation, and let out a long roar, the soul that was about to break free is under control in an instant.

More and more soul bodies began to break free and escape, although they also knew that even if they escaped the enslavement of the ghost, they would not miss the chance, but the feeling of being enslaved by the demons felt like a great shame to them. Which strong man is willing?

The soul bodies looked at Xiao Yan's direction one after another, as if they were asking for help from Xiao Yan, because they were not willing to be enslaved by the demons!

"It's time to end." Xiao Yan stood up and clapped the dust on his hands.

The Golden Dragon King controls Xiao Yan's body. The reason why he wants to awaken the rationality and unwillingness of these souls is to clean up the ghosts, and to make these enslaved souls devour later. And prepare.

The soul of the huge ghost in the sky resisted violently, and it looked like scales were about to fall off, because they also knew that if they didn't resist this last chance, they would be enslaved by the demons for the rest of their lives. He is a strong man in the world, how can he be reconciled?

Xiao Yan looked at the huge ghost in the sky that was taking care of itself, raised his hand, and lightly touched the top of his head.

"Broken!" A loud voice came from Xiao Yan's mouth.

I saw a seemingly small beam of light attacking the huge ghost in the sky, but the seemingly small beam of light actually contained ancient and terrifying power!

"Bang bang bang!" Several explosion-like sounds came from above the head of a ghost, and the ghost that was still screaming in the sky and exuding an evil aura was unexpectedly fatally struck by Xiao Yan!

Due to the beam of light, the shadow was sluggish for a moment, because the eye of the formation was destroyed. Obviously, this demon corpse was solved.

The ghost in the sky festered, and countless souls poured out of the unsightly body.

They all bowed to Xiao Yan, and they were very grateful to Xiao Yan for saving them.

"It's up to you whether you can conquer it or not." After the Golden Dragon King finished speaking, he regained Xiao Yan's control.

Xiao Yan was too lazy to be distracted by this almost slaughter-like situation. He lowered his head and looked at the huge shadow above. With the palm of his hand, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire flashed out, and immediately slashed at the shadow. , a huge flame of hundreds of feet burst out, directly splitting the ghost, revealing countless black chains entangled in it, and at the end of those chains, there are countless soul lights hanging. group...