Chapter Vol 4 2265: 3 Reincarnation Rank, Mutiny Demon Whale

"Buzz!"

After the black shadow engulfed the three human corpses, he twisted his huge body and tried to approach Xiao Yan and the others. The void could not help twisting along the way, and a heavy mountain-like aura rushed toward the face, making everyone feel more stressed.

"Deep sea devil whale?"

"Isn't this a giant monster race in the human world?"

"Why are you here?"

When Xun'er heard Xiao Yan's shocking voice, she immediately looked at the latter with her beautiful eyes.

Above the black shadow, there is a huge body full of 100 meters. The streamlined skin is slightly smooth. The side of its skin is engraved with jaw-dropping evil blood lines. That kind of fluctuation is not a normal alien evil. Clan kings can have.

The Demon Whale's tail is 100 meters in size, and there is a terrifying evil force on it. It seems that a random wave is enough to completely crush the void here!

And under its abdomen, three dark blue round tentacles are particularly eye-catching like vines!

"The three tentacles just correspond to the deep sea devil whale with the strength of the triple reincarnation!"

"It seems that there is really nowhere to go after breaking through the iron shoes. It takes no effort to get it."

Xiao Yan smiled casually, and excitement filled his eyes. After a while, a strong killing intent flashed in his eyes, and at the same time, the power of reincarnation in his body began to surge.

The strength of the deep sea devil whale is extremely tyrannical, and after being demonized, its strength is even more terrifying, so take it lightly!

"A deep-sea demon whale of the triple reincarnation stage?"

When Xun'er saw this, she was stunned for a moment, then smiled, and the power in her body roared at the same time. Eight-star Douxian Perfection was added with the power of the Reincarnation Seal, even a normal reincarnation rank powerhouse could not resist.

"Deep Sea Demon Whale Race, originally a beast-like giant race in the Daqian world. Unexpectedly, there are rebels who judge Daqian. Their tentacles determine their strength. It seems that this is a strength that has reached the triple reincarnation level. The peerless beast!"

"Xun'er!"

Xiao Yan sneered, and the majestic holy flame power swept out from their bodies. Immediately, the void in the whole world was completely enveloped by the two forces, blocking all the escape routes for this evil creature!

"Wait, are they two?"

"Want to join forces to fight against this beast?"

When the other figures were surprised, Xiao Yan and Xun'er had already come to the side of the devil whale and surrounded it one after the other. The golden flame and the glazed flame were very bright in this world.

"Now you can make a move without any worries."

"It just so happens that the Reincarnation Pill is still missing the last medicinal material!"

A piece of paper was swung out, and the mysterious power outside the mansion suddenly decreased, a small space channel emerged, and the golden paper was also returning to Xiao Yan's hands.

Originally, Xiao Yan just wanted to give it a try, but he never imagined that this golden paper would be so mysterious.

"You go!"

"Let's stop here."

Xiao Yan and Xun'er looked at each other, and then went directly to the devil whale.

"Damn... let's go!"

When the other people saw this, they could not help but have a very strong admiration for Xiao Yan, and they went straight to Wufu without stopping.

After all, although they are the proud sons of their respective powers, not everyone is like Xiao Yanxun'er with holy flame.

"Bang bang bang!"

The energy of the two flames overflowed, immediately burning the void here, and completely illuminating the body of this giant.

"Dirty human beings who block this seat's meal break deserve death!"

The huge body of the Demon Whale was bound by the two-color flames for a while. Seeing those figures poured into the Wufu without reservation, the violent killing intent was released, and roared fiercely at the two of them.

It was originally one of the powerhouses of the Deep Sea Demon Whale Clan, but the first World War was eroded by a foreign evil clan, and then it was completely demonized. After the Xuan Gui Saint Clan was strangled by the Demon King, it guarded this place.

"If you don't do good things, but you are willing to fall into the devil's way, today is your death."

Xiao Yan's voice fell, and the majestic and sacred power of purification surged.

"The power of Sheng Yan is tyrannical, but with your strength at the peak of the reincarnation level, you are just looking for a dead end!"

"Leave this place completely for me!"

The three tentacles directly pierced through the void and slaughtered away with sticky demonic energy.

"Elegy of Fire!"

"Listen to the teachings of death!"

The glass-hot flames around Xiao Yan's body suddenly turned into countless flame notes under the operation of Xiao Yan's power, and then spread aggressively between this dim world, the whole world was extremely hot for a while, and the weak evil things snorted. Pochi turned into white mist and disappeared here.

The intermediate-level immortal technique, Elegy of Fire, was obtained by Xiao Yan from the Emperor Yan Ring.

"Crack!"

The giant pupils of the demon whale turned rapidly. During the surging of these flame notes, the whale scales on his body actually burst out with a feeling of extreme fear, and as time passed, a trace of burnt smell slowly emerged from his body. Pass it out!

The demon whale, which is as tyrannical as the triple reincarnation level, can't defend against Xiao Yan's new holy flame?

"Whale...fall!"

The demon whale's huge pupils were filled with madness, and then twisted its sturdy body, suddenly turning over in mid-air.

"Wong buzzing!"

The Demon Whale suddenly turned over, and in the center of the three tentacles under its abdomen, a small, blood-colored whale shadow appeared. In an instant, Xiao Yan and Xun'er's hearts suddenly tightened.

"Wong buzzing!"

The blood-colored whale shadow is only the size of a palm, but the fluctuations that spread out make Xun'er's Reincarnation Seal shine brightly. On top of her white skin as snow, the golden flame is tightly wrapped and protected, and there is still an air of breathlessness. The feeling of suffocation is coming!

"Boom!"

The oppression released by the blood-colored whale shadow enveloped the entire void, Xiao Yan's complexion sank, and even the barren ground beneath his feet burst open inch by inch.

"Yep?"

Seeing this level of attack, Xun'er frowned and bit her silver teeth lightly. She was actually resisting the evil oppression of this world, and her beautiful eyes stared at the latter!

"Take down the body!"

Xiao Yan's pressure increased sharply, as if he was facing a big enemy, his lower body flew directly towards Xun'er's body.

Xun'er's delicate body is shrouded in the body of the tyrant The power of the blue tyrant and the power of the golden holy flame are combined, which is beautiful. The scorching sun slowly condensed.

"Dragon God Transformation!"

Xiao Yan let out a loud shout, the blue dragon scales spread all over his body, and the pressure weakened a lot just now.

"Pfft!"

The palm-sized blood-colored whale shadow easily shattered the countless flame notes displayed by Xiao Yan. Immediately, the demon whale's tentacles surged, gently dragging the latter into the air, and a sense of deathly silence permeated the air.

"Brother Xiao Yan!"

The nine scorching suns behind Xun'er were in the sky, and Ling Li Zhi, who set off her graceful figure, hurriedly reprimanded as she watched the demon whale act like this.

"Do not worry."

Xiao Yan grinned, and immediately on the palm of his hand, a purple sacred crystal appeared.

Above this piece of crystal, it is not as deep as the previous Sheng Yanjing, but it has a little more mystery, and a faint purple body, like a fairy in the eternal river, slim!

Yaoji!

The holy flame crystal of Wulu Zilingyan!

At this time, in this purple holy flame crystal, bursts of dazzling purple awns actually erupted. Every trace of purple awns seemed to be able to cut through the void, full of terrifying power!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: