Chapter Vol 4 1850: Kill Shuangwei, evil blood furnace!

"Judgment Light Waterfall!" Looking at Xiao Yan's motionless figure, Sol and Yas were not prepared to hold back any hands, they shouted loudly, bursts of high-pitched sacred notes burst out from their mouths, turning into countless The rainbow light of the light pattern, with the sacred aura that suppresses the power of the devil, falls vertically from the sky!

That kind of shocking scene is like an upside-down waterfall, with countless rainbow lights flying, the power and purifying power contained in it are indescribable!

The sky was originally completely shrouded by the light barrier, but at this time, with the addition of this huge sky that fills the entire sky, the shock has transcended human cognition. It seems to be crying from the sky, and it seems There are ignorant ignorant people who are provocative to the sky!

"Devil... soul shadow!" Seeing countless sacred rainbow lights falling down the sky, and the target was him, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, without any fear, even the blood of the demons that had just been suppressed in his body Get boiling!

The blood of the devil is rejoicing and rejoicing!

It seems that only this extremely tyrannical force can burst into such a joyful madness.

If there is unparalleled power in this world, then as a demon, it is to trample this power underfoot.

For a time, the demon soul shadow behind Xiao Yan suddenly expanded countless times, magnifying the demonic aura of Xiao Yan's body bone marrow countless times!

The Demon Soul Shadow is actually like a fighting soul. It is also attached to Xiao Yan's back. When used, it can be expanded countless times. However, the Demon Soul Shadow is different. After casting it, his strength, perception and speed have all been improved to the level of a human being. The level of human beings is far beyond the reach of the fighting spirit.

Of course, this was just the lowest form of use that Xiao Yan had just mastered the power of demons.

"Sisi!" Countless sacred rainbow lights fell on Xiao Yan's demon soul shadows like warm rays of light, and for a while, bursts of burning smell filled the entire sky.

Light, devil, these are two extreme powers, just like water and fire, so when these rainbow lights fell on Xiao Yan's dark green demon soul shadow hundreds of meters in size, a whitish mist, uncontrollable diffuse out.

At this time, Xiao Yan's face slowly showed a trace of ugliness, obviously he underestimated the strength of the two angel guards.

"Get out of here!" Ignoring the miserable roar of the demon soul shadow on his body, Xiao Yan was extremely fast and shot the two guards under the protection of the sky!

Demon Soul Shadow is roaring, in pain, but also angry at the same time!

It's a dignified devil, how could it be so tortured by two young Seven Star Fighting Immortals?

Moreover, Xiao Yan also knew that if a dignified demon couldn't handle even such a thing, it would only be a disgrace to his name.

"Boom!" Even though the Demon Soul Shadow became unsightly under the continuous attacks of the Sky Waterfall, Xiao Yan's body suddenly approached the two angel guards. Xiao Yan condensed in his body.

"Not good!" Sol and Yas did not expect that the demonic power of the demon Xiao Yan could break through the sky and approach them. The above scratched up, and at the corner of the mouth, an ancient heavy chant continued.

"The great angel of light is above, please give me the light of holy light..." Sol and Yas seemed to be doing the same thing, the high-pitched chant of Sanskrit made Xiao Yan's mind shake violently, an uncontrollable Sanskrit sound Xiao Yan has been haunting him, disturbing his mind, making him unable to concentrate and mobilize his strength to launch an attack. Otherwise, by virtue of the gathering of two angel guards within a hundred meters at this time, a demon in a demon state can definitely make a single blow. Must kill!

"No, we can't let them release fighting skills of that level, otherwise this space mountain range will be completely shattered, and we can only try the power of space..." At the time of crisis, Xiao Yan could only use his teeth, two At the same time, the arm contains the power of the devil, and the long-distance space shuttle handprint is displayed, and the arm stretches directly into it, sending out the most intense two palms!

"Light!"

"Sheng Yaozhi... poof!"

"Pfft!" And just above the sky, a scorching sun emerged, and when a heart-scorching aura just filled the air, two dark green arms suddenly pierced through the void, and went straight from Sol and Yas's. At the chest, cross it!

"Crack!" With a sound, Xiao Yan retracted his arm, but when he just penetrated the chests of the two angel guards, their hearts were suddenly crushed by himself, and because of the power of demons, they just touched their hearts. When it comes to blood, their blood and all their breath are completely swallowed up by their own hands.

"Weng humming." The burning sun above the sky disappeared slowly because there was no follow-up singing, but the enchantment that enveloped the core circle of the entire Tianxing Continent did not disappear with the fall of the two.

"..." After being devoured by Xiao Yan's fatal blow, the two guards fell from the sky to the ground below with their bodies stiff like lost flowers and willows.

In the final analysis, they were only angel guards. They didn't have access to the power of angels, and they didn't master the resurrection magic. Their hearts were violently wiped out by Xiao Yan, and their vitality was completely swallowed.

"Susu." Just when the two angel guards just fell to the ground, the corpse was completely unrecognizable, and two extremely weak transparent soul bodies slowly emerged from the smoke.

"Where to run?"

"Suck it!"

"Susu." Just as the second angel guarding the soul was about to escape, there was an unusually gloomy sneer, like a ghost's soul.

"Boom!" Devoured the soul of the angel guarding the perfection of the two seven-star fighting immortals Soul Wuji's whole body was violently churning with blood mist, and there were faintly countless screams. It was also promoted to the level of half-step eight-star fighting immortal!

"Do you need help?" At this time, Emperor Lin finally realized something and said to Xiao Yan in the sky.

"No, you go to maintain the royal family."

"These guys are old rivals."

"Do you think so, Hall Master Huangtang of Soul Palace, Soul Wuji?" Xiao Yan stood in the sky, his palms had just pierced through the chests of the two angel guards and devoured the vitality and turned into bright red blood. He couldn't help raising his palms. Lick lightly.

It seems that all the vitality of the two angel guards just now has slowed down the backlash of the demons in Xiao Yan's body.

"Xiao Yan, sooner or later you will become a prisoner of our soul hall." At this moment, Hun Wuji burst into laughter.

"Come on, let me see, the power of the Hall Master of the Soul Palace and the two angel guards just now are stronger or weaker." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and walked lightly in the void. The demon soul shadow behind him will release a dark green blood mist, which sets off Xiao Yan's aura to be extremely evil.

"Devil... Holy flame, this hall master wants it today!"

"Soul Palace powerhouse, listen to my orders!"

"Sacrificing the soul!" Looking at Xiao Yan's downward posture, Soul Wuji roared, waved his hand, and a blood furnace was projected by him.

At this moment, the aura of the heavens and the earth has become gloomy and strange, and even the enchantment that is enough to send out a trace of angry lament!

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.