Chapter Vol 4 1765: Go to Tianxing Continent!

After the envoy from Tianxing Continent explained their intentions, Xiao Yan and the others discussed a lot with him. After a long while, the conversation was quite pleasant, and they also had some ideas about the endless fire domain powerhouse going to Tianxing Continent together. The conversation was very pleasant, and in a blink of an eye it was night.

"Dong dong dong!" A rather clear knock on the door sounded.

"Come in."

"Lord...Lord Xiao Yan sent me a message."

"Tomorrow, Lord Xiao Yan will personally accompany you to the Tianxing Continent, but the Endless Fire Territory has just been established, and it cannot carry one soldier and one soldier. I hope you will understand."

"Go on now." The door closed quietly.

"what?"

"The Endless Fire Territory will send Lord Xiao Yan alone with us?" In the ancient and simple incense room, Lin Qingwen just got the news from the guards in the Endless Fire Territory, and he couldn't help roaring in a low voice. many concerns.

"My lord, is this endless fire domain too despised?"

"Just being a domain master of the endless fire domain, what can you do?" The other followers in the room were also hot-tempered.

Although this group of people is led by Lin Qingwen, but they are quite unconvinced in their hearts, so they have a lot of grievances.

"Wait... this Xiao Yan, if it's not a first-time scumbag, I'm afraid he is a daring person." After a while, Lin Qingwen suddenly knew something, and said with relief, obviously as a royal family, he has been since childhood. Accepting good training, let him understand a lot of things.

"Master?" The other followers were naturally puzzled and asked in confusion.

"Now that the election is imminent, even if the Endless Fire Territory sends a coalition army, I am afraid it will not solve the problem. After all, the overall strength of the Endless Fire Territory is not as tyrannical as other forces."

"And this Xiao Yan is probably also aware of this."

"However, I have some doubts. How can a five-star fighting immortal guy solve difficult problems among many princes with his own strength." Lin Qingwen laughed and couldn't help but look forward to it.

It's the best way to fight with someone to the death or to the death.

"There are such good people in the Endless Fire Territory. I am afraid that in the near future, they will be unprecedentedly powerful." After the blink of an eye, Lin Qingwen's eyes couldn't help but become moved. If Xiao Yan can really help their princess to solve the election, then Tianxing Continent will have no reservations. Standing here, or even surrendering to the endless fire domain, is not a bad idea.

Lin Qingwen still clearly remembered what the princess said.

"Although the Endless Fire Territory is a newly established new force, it has the existence of Xiao Yan, and it will grow into a green tree in a short time, and if our Tianxing Continent can survive this catastrophe, we are willing to surrender. under it."

"This time, getting the support of Endless Fire Territory is second. As long as Xiao Yan is brought back smoothly, it will be half the battle."

This is the princess's original words, because she is also aware of Xiao Yan's ability, not to mention that in the past few decades, Xiao Yan's strength has long since changed.

"Everyone, rest, this time back to Tianxing Continent, the princess will naturally not be able to treat you badly. Tomorrow we will go back to Tianxing Continent together with Lord Xiao Yan." As soon as the words fell, calm was restored here.

In another place, in the Cailin Fragrance Boudoir.

The night was quite quiet, neither Cailin nor Mu Yingying fell asleep. With Xiao Yan added, the three of them slowly leaned into the room, and for a while, it was quiet.

"I'll leave tomorrow." After a while, Xiao Yan looked at the two women who were silent in front of him, and his heart relaxed immediately, and said in a rather relaxed tone, obviously only in this situation, there would be The feeling of home, but when he thinks that there are still many things on his body, Xiao Yan can't help but feel a sense of pressure.

"I won't go with you. The Endless Fire Territory still needs a lot of strength to guard it. During the time when you are gone, I will take care of it in an orderly manner." Cailin shook her head, but Cailin kept He didn't tell Xiao Yan that he needed to go to the center of the demon world with the blood of the ten-colored swallowing python in his body, otherwise Xiao Yan would go directly to the demon world with the color scales.

"I'm not going either, I'll accompany Sister Cailin to practice here!" Mu Yingying on the side said angrily.

Mu Yingying also knows that she now has two holy flames in her body. In addition, she is a holy flame converted to human beings, and she has a unique advantage, but her strength is too weak to help Xiao Yan. After a period of time to improve himself, when Xiao Yan returns next time, he will definitely find his transformation.

Because Mu Yingying knew that although the vase was good, it was bad.

"En." Xiao Yan also knew what the two girls were thinking, and nodded lightly, so he was silent all night and slept with each other.

The next day, when the sun fell on the top of Xuanling Mountain, Xiao Yan and Lin Qingwen were already ready.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan glanced at the huge mountain range behind him, this is his base, the beginning of the birth of Endless Fire Territory.

"I don't know if you will hear from Her Majesty Queen Medusa?" Lin Qingwen asked softly, smelling a trace of reluctance in Xiao Yan's pupils.

"No need, let's go." While speaking, a few people left gently, taking advantage of the rising sun, they did not wake up Cailin and Mu Yingying's two daughters and the other high-level officials.

"En." Lin Qingwen nodded, so he jumped directly into the space channel and headed towards the Tianxing Continent.

The space channel was naturally constructed by the five-star fighting immortals in the Endless Fire Territory during Xiao Yan's retreat. The space is quite stable, and it has the space coordinates of the original Tianxing Continent. It is indeed quite easy to build.

"She's gone At this time, at the back door of the manor, looking at Xiao Yan who stepped into the space passage, the figures of Cailin and Mu Yingying appeared, and Mu Yingying couldn't help feeling a little sad. road.

"You girl... it's also suffering you." Helplessly shook his head, and there was a deep meaning in Cailin's eyes.

"This guy is going to carry everything by himself, it will be very tiring." This time, Mu Yingying did not have the playfulness of the past, but looked at the place where Xiao Yan left with a serious face, and said in a deep voice. road.

"So..." At this moment, Rao Yi Cailin's indifferent personality couldn't help but be surprised.

"Next time he comes back, I will become stronger!" Mu Yingying clenched her slender hands into fists and said.

"Now... I'm looking forward to it instead." At this moment, Zaidu returned to calm, and the Endless Fire Territory has many strong guards and Cailin's rule, and it is also more and more powerful. As for Xiao Yan, he slowly moved towards the Tianxing Continent. Go, as for Mu Yingying, Sheng Yan's transformation into human beings has a rather tyrannical advantage, not to mention there are two Sheng Yan and Fen Jue, I am afraid that the next time Xiao Yan sees him, his strength will be qualitative. promote.

On the other hand, the Tianxing Continent is also becoming turbulent at this time. On the one hand, because the royal election is imminent, the three most powerful candidates are all forming gangs, so that many tyrannical forces are fighting from all over the Doudi Continent. Go to Tianxing Continent.

Once the candidates they support win, they will also get enviable rewards, which has also created an unprecedented lively scene in the Star Continent today.

At this moment, a new chapter is also completely set sail.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.