Chapter 456: Furnace Ding 3 The commotion caused by the flower pupil!

It was daytime, the hottest time of the day, not to mention that Xiao Yan and his party were still deep in the desert, and the temperature was even more terrifying.

However, Xiao Yan and the others are not ordinary people. Even with such a scorching temperature, they insisted on gritting their teeth, which made Tang Tang have a good impression of Xiao Yan, the pharmacist. After all, most pharmacists are delicate and expensive. , Few are as powerful as Xiao Yan.

What Tang Tang didn't know was that, whether it was Xiao Yan, Xiao Yi, or Mu Yingying, they all possessed a fighting spirit of the fire attribute, so this kind of temperature was naturally a no-brainer.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Among the snake people, a huge building hidden under the desert slowly stands.

In the building, the whole body is dazzling, with layers of purple crystals paving the way, and an invisible pressure spreads out in an instant. Such invisible fluctuations, I am afraid that without the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, they will be instantly crowded out by him!

In the building, there is a huge space. In the space, below the horizon, ten crystal seats slowly appear. The ten crystal seats are in a circle that surrounds them. The purple throne stood slowly.

On the crystal platform, some figures kept appearing.

It's just that in the middle of the crystal seat, a statue of an upper body with a snake tail on the lower body is lifelike, like a living thing!

The upper body of the statue is a portrait, even if it is a statue, the upper body reveals a different kind of charm. The slightly tall chest has an attractive curve. With the water snake waist, this figure can be said to be close to perfect!

In the eyes of the statue, there are a pair of pupils, the pupils are of a dead gray color, and there seems to be a wave of destruction!

As for the statue's hair, it is divided into ten strands, but each strand has a different color!

"Blue and white snake, why did the Medusa snake order suddenly be issued?"

"Did something big happen?" said a burly middle-aged man. His voice was like thunder, which instantly calmed the noisy palace.

"Don't be impatient, I will tell you when the Angry Winter comes."

"Since it's the Medusa snake order, then something big must have happened." The woman known as the blue-and-white snake said coldly, and she closed her eyes.

As soon as he closed his eyes, Blue and White Snake felt a little helpless. This last leader had a great temper and ambition, and most importantly, his strength was even more terrifying, which gave Blue and White Snake quite a headache.

The woman was wearing a green dress, and her delicate and translucent skin matched her natural elegance, so many people secretly praised her.

The melon-like face added to the woman's charm. At the corners of the eyes, a very delicate purple snake was engraved, like a living thing, but I didn't know what it was used for.

This woman is the commander of the Medusa Snake Guard, Blue and White Snake!

A strong man with the strength of a four-turn nine-star Dou Di!

Medusa Snake Guard, this is the power above the nine major tribes of the Medusa clan. They manage the big and small matters of the Medusa clan. In addition, the Medusa Snake Guard still owns Medusa. The most loyal servant of the blood snake people!

Similar to what Xiao Yan and the others saw that day, a woman with the bloodline of the Three-Colored Swallowing Python might not be inferior to the leader of any tribe in this Medusa clan!

As for Cailin, who possesses the power of the nine-colored swallowing python's bloodline, I am afraid that she will become the queen of the entire Medusa clan in an instant!

It's just that there are many people who object, but these are irrelevant. Cailin has already entered the temple. As long as he exits the customs, the Blue and White Snake will directly train him to become the real king of the Medusa clan!

"Humph!"

"Blue and White Snake, is there something wrong with calling us so urgently?" A snake man came to the door, and the snake man exuded a strange wave from top to bottom.

The visitor's name is Nu Dong, he is a nine-star Dou Di-level Qiang Dong, and he is also a man who strongly opposes the nine-colored swallowing python to become king!

Nudong's single strength is enough to rank in the top five among the nine major tribes of the entire Medusa clan. If there is no sudden appearance of the nine-colored swallowing python, I am afraid that Nudong is very likely to unify the entire Medusa clan. However, the appearance of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python made this Angry Winter's plan for many years to come to naught.

"Quiet!" The blue-and-white snake saw that the angry winter was coming, and immediately opened its eyes slightly, and an invisible wave spread instantly.

"Humph!" With the sound of the blue-and-white snake, Nu Dong came directly to his own seat and sat down heavily.

"Since the people have already arrived... then invite them up." The blue and white snake opened his mouth slightly, then turned his eyes to the side behind the crystal throne.

The blue-and-white snake had just finished speaking, and the figures on the ten crystal seats all turned their eyes slowly.

"Crackling." In the crystal palace as quiet as water, a slight voice slowly came from above the crystal throne.

The next moment, three figures slowly emerged from behind the crystal throne.

"Humanity?"

"Blue and white snake, you actually dare to fornicate with humans?" Seeing this, Nu Dong suddenly stood up in surprise.

"Nu Dong, look carefully and then talk about it!" Facing the threatening aura of Nu Dong, the blue-and-white snake said in a low voice.

From behind the dazzling purple crystal throne, three figures slowly appeared.

Two girls and one boy!

The man stood slightly beside the two women, his eyes constantly scanning the surroundings, apparently protecting the two women.

As for the two women who were protected by the man, one was full of emerald green fighting qi, and the other was unconscious.

"If you said that the blue and white snake called us today just to see these three people, then you should be the captain of the Medusa snake guard!" Nu Dong snorted coldly!

"Break into our snake people without authorization!"

"Death!" Then, without waiting for the blue-and-white snake to make a sound, the figure moved instantly, with a terrifying aura in his hand, and attacked the three people on the throne!

"Nu Dong, why are you so impatient?" Just when Nu Dong's palm touched the three people above the throne five meters away, the blue and white snake moved.

The delicate little snake on its face came to life in an instant, and at the same time, the figure of the blue-and-white snake strangely turned into a green light and disappeared in place. When Du appeared, it had already arrived in front of Mu Feng and the others.

With one hand, he directly blocked Fury Winter's terrifying blow, and then said.

"It's a mystery." After Nu Dong finished speaking, he directly returned to his crystal seat, because he knew the strength of this blue-and-white snake, and he would not summon them for no reason. The shot just now was just to test the two women. Because Nu Dong seems to feel that the aura of the two women is quite similar to their snake people Then I will cut to the chase. After the blue-and-white snake finished speaking, he stood beside Mu Feng and the three of them, and then the little purple snake on its face fell off the blue-and-white snake's face and slowly came into her hands.

"Little sister, don't worry, we won't hurt you, we just want to prove one thing." Blue and White Snake said with a smile on his face.

"Yes." Green Flute replied softly, and then slowly handed the woman in her hand to the Blue and White Snake.

The blue-and-white snake took the woman and nodded to the green flute, and the little purple snake in her hand just saw the unconscious woman's first glance, and the snake letter shuddered!

Then the next moment, the purple snake in the blue-and-white snake's hand viciously bit the white jade-like hand of the unconscious woman.

"Ah ah ah!" With this bite, the unconscious woman let out a scream of pain.

Afterwards, the unconscious woman opened her eyes slightly. One of those eyes was as deep as a human being, while the other was a four-sided diamond with a strange shape...

It's just that the woman's eyes were staring at the little purple snake in the hands of the blue-and-white snake, and the enchanting square diamond-shaped pupils seemed to exude a different kind of power!

"This is……"

"Luding Ding San Hua Tong!" Just when the unconscious woman just woke up and opened her eyes, the other nine leaders who were present suddenly stood up and said in unison!

Because when the girl's pupils opened, a wave of blood was born instantly!

Ask for tickets!