Chapter Vol 4 919: Fight against the twins!

"Shoot!" Xuanxin and Dark Night Guixian said in unison, and then the two figures burst out!

Although the two of them are still in the fire domain of Burning Heaven at this time, their strength has been suppressed to a certain extent, but for the two of them, it is naturally nothing.

Moreover, the two knew that once Fen Tian and his party were able to find Yan Chi and destroy the seal, they would be in trouble!

"The power of destruction!" Seeing this, Fen Tian couldn't help urging the ghost-killing dagger in his hand, and then on top of the ghost-dagger, an unusually turbulent brown power of destruction was slowly born.

"Dong dong dong!" Fen Tian also knew that he had to stop the two people in front of him, otherwise Zhu Jin and the others would be in danger, so he directly activated the power of destruction on the Ghost Destruction Dagger and attacked them!

"I'm coming!" The brown power of destruction just rushed towards the two of them, and the black-robed dark night ghost snorted coldly, and then the strange ghost energy all over his body left his body and turned into a lion head in the sky, facing Fen Tian's destruction. Attack away!

"Crash!" A series of voices resounded in the field!

The next moment, Fen Tian's figure disappeared in mid-air in an instant, and when the speed flickered, Dark Night Guixian and Xuan Xin, who had already appeared on the ground, flickered in his hand, and stabbed them with force. go!

"Bang bang bang!" Destroying the Ghost Dagger is indeed a powerful immortal weapon. One blow stabs the ghostly qi of the ghost in the dark night, and the pressure on the ghost in the dark night increases greatly, and even the ghost qi above the black robe is weakened. Not a lot.

"Bastard!" While resisting the power of destruction in the mid-air, Dark Night Ghost Immortal had to defend against Fen Tian's sudden attack, and was immediately attacked on both sides.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this time, Xuan Xin stared coldly at Fen Tian who was using the Ghost Destruction Dagger in front of him. The constant ghost energy in his body kept resisting Fen Tian.

If Xuanxin hadn't resisted Fen Tian from behind, I'm afraid that Fen Tian's hand would first use the power of destroying the ghost dagger to block the dark night ghost, and then launch an attack in Du, which would make any of them unable to eat and go!

Fortunately, they are two, not one.

"It's almost time for the farce to end." Glancing at Zhu Jin and the few people behind, Xuan Xin noticed which of them had gone to the silver statue, and immediately spoke.

Because above the silver statue, it is the place where Yanchi is sealed. It is only a matter of time until you see through that veil and find Yanchi.

"Dark night, do it!"

"It can't be delayed any longer!" Xuan Xin's pupils flashed a strange look, and then he spoke.

The more he knew about Fen Tian, ​​the more Xuan Xin knew, this guy is definitely not as simple as he seems!

Although his adopted son fell into the hands of the Xuanling royal family, Fen Tian, ​​relying on his status as the pavilion master of the Fenxiang Pavilion and the mere strength of the Jiuxing Dou Emperor, forced the three top Xuanling royal family to put many of their Xuanling royal family strong. To be beheaded, so the defense against Fen Tian is extremely vigilant at this time.

"Okay."

"Gui Ming Shui!" Dark Night Guixian nodded, he also felt an extremely terrifying aura from Fen Tian's body, and that aura even vaguely touched the level of a two-star fighting immortal!

Although the one-star Dou Xian complete powerhouse is powerful, compared with the two-star Dou Xian, it is tantamount to being much weaker.

As the voice of Dark Night Guixian just fell, at the bottom of the huge cave, those black rivers suddenly trembled slightly, and immediately turned into an extremely rich black giant pillar under the eyes of everyone!

Above the black giant pillar, a dark ghost aura like blood appeared on it, slowly wrapping the entire pillar.

And those water liquids even formed some extremely obscure black runes. The black runes are intricate, giving people a strange feeling.

And with the appearance of the black and gloomy pillar, the black river beneath the cave disappeared completely, apparently all of it was injected into it.

However, the entire space is filled with a feeling of gloomy wind.

"What a bizarre method." The group of Zhu Jin, who were already standing on top of the silver statue, said slowly.

With their perception, they were able to feel a terrifying fluctuation from the huge black pillar below. If they were eroded by this pillar, I am afraid that with the strength of their fighting emperors, they would be suppressed in an instant!

"That's too late."

"The pavilion master should be able to handle it."

"I feel that Yanchi is near us, we must rescue Yanchi as soon as possible, and then get out of here!" Zhu Jin's face showed a serious look, and then on the palm of his hand, a very weak khaki flame slowly rose.

"This is also..."

"Holy Flame?" Ling Mengsheng couldn't help but said when he saw this.

"No, this fluctuation seems to be much weaker, not even the Holy Flame Fire." After a while, Ling Mengsheng shook his head directly.

"This thing was taken from Xiao Yan."

"Huoxin Tianyan has some characteristics, so it is suitable to use it to sense other holy flames." Zhu Jin said.

"I have the fiery Saint Yanzi Fire, so I don't need to be so troublesome." After Ling Mengsheng finished speaking, he directly activated the Saint Yanzi Fire in his body, but there was no response.

"This..." Seeing this scene, Reimu couldn't help but murmur.

"The Xuanling royal family should have some special means to seal Yanchi, so relying on Yanchi's own holy flame power cannot be found."

"Only rely on the attraction between holy flames." Zhu Jin said, but did not speak.

But after a while, a trace of worry appeared in Zhu Jin's pupils.

"Old Zhu What's wrong?" Tian Lao asked when he saw Zhu Jin suddenly stop moving.

"I always feel that everything went too smoothly..."

"And after so long, no one in the Xuanling royal family has found out. This is obviously unreasonable, and since we entered the underground palace, everything has been smooth sailing. I'm afraid..." After Zhu Jin finished speaking, his face suddenly became solemn. stand up.

"This……"

"Could it be a conspiracy?" Mu Xuzi said thoughtfully after hearing this.

"I don't know, but what I know is that King Xuanling seems to be very dissatisfied with Xuanxin."

"Because on the surface, although King Xuanling is presiding over the royal family of Xuanling, in fact, some of King Xuanling's decisions will still be rejected by the previous Xuanling King, Xuanxin, so I think."

"People from the Xuanling royal family haven't shown up for a long time, I'm afraid it has something to do with King Xuanling." Tian Lao suddenly said.

"This King Xuanling is a ruthless person." Hearing this, Zhu Jin opened his mouth slightly, obviously not surprised that Tian Lao knew these secrets.

"let's start."

"Yanchi should be near here, and the space around here has some signs of distortion." Tian Lao Zaidu said, and then everyone followed the faint source of holy flame power in Zhu Jin's hand.

On the other side of this huge cave, the Dark Night Ghosts, Xuanxin and Fentian in the Fire Domain, plus the huge black pillar that was just formed, it seems that the battle has also reached a white-hot stage!