Chapter Vol 4 1183: end

"Hehe, he is really a boy with a very keen sense of soul." Following the gazes of many powerhouses below, the void that was dozens of meters away from the feathers trembled slightly, and then a robe wearing a robe The man stepped out of it slowly.

"Sir City Lord!"

"The city lord is back, you can't run anymore..." Some of the strong men below couldn't help laughing.

Bai He's strength is tyrannical, but Death Wind's strength is even stronger than Bai He's. Now that Death Wind is back, let alone Yugan, I am afraid that their entire mad demon group is only able to capture them.

"I can't see that your kid is hiding very deeply." Dead wind just showed up and immediately smiled at Xiao Yan.

However, Xiao Yan could see that the wind of death was clearly being polite to him because he had just shot to save Baihe.

"It's just a fluke."

"The city lord should first subdue this guy. With the backlash of the fighting soul and the blessing of the soul body, I am afraid that his power will only get stronger and stronger. It is not good for us to drag on like this." Xiao Yan said, the huge soul perception ability Let Xiao Yan vaguely know that even Xiao Yan is quite afraid of what terrifying means he may have on his body.

"Right on my mind."

"Bai He, join hands."

"This guy is not simple." After Death Wind finished speaking, his figure flashed for a moment, and then he suddenly attacked him.

"Shabu Shabu!" Two attributes, one silver and one green, flickered clearly on Baihe and Deathfeng.

"Wood attribute?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask with interest when he saw this scene.

Now he has awakened the wood attribute in his body, but in order not to attract attention, he has never started to cultivate the wood attribute. Now that the wind of death is of the wood attribute, Xiao Yan naturally wants to observe it carefully.

"Tangling, wood counts vines!" Dead Wind's figure suddenly fell, and in the void, dozens of wooden vines with a size of tens of feet appeared instantly, and then wrapped around the phantom outside Yugan's body. Fighting spirit!

There is a very strong cyan wood attribute on the wood vine, which gives everyone a heavy touch. Even the **** demon ape has the extremely terrifying power of thunder, but it can't hurt the wood vine!

"Wood and earth attributes are the main defense. Most of the wood types focus on entanglement and trapping people, focusing on control, trying to obliterate opponents through the binding power of wood attributes."

"And the earth attribute is known to be the most difficult to deal with. The main defense, if there is not enough destructive power, I am afraid that it will only be consumed by a strong earth attribute."

"The water attribute is the main healer. As for your fire attribute and thunder attribute, both are of the destruction type." The Lord of Soul Eater said slowly.

"The attributes of this fighting immortal power are really ever-changing." Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering.

"Hehe, Lord Xiao Yan doesn't know anything."

"This attribute has many branches since the five elements of gold, wood, water, fire, and soil, among which the summoning, space, and darkness are endless."

"However, among such attributes, there is a strongest attribute recognized by the Great Thousand World." An old man below said.

"The strongest?" Xiao Yan asked with a little doubt when he heard the words.

"Healing system." He said in a nonchalant manner, but when he mentioned the word "healing system", his expression was filled with silence.

"Healing system?" Xiao Yan was slightly surprised when he heard the words. Since he came to the Dou Di Continent in this great world, he seems to have vaguely heard about the healing system, but it seems that this healing system is in the hands of a powerful force. .

"The healing system is the strongest in the entire Daqian world."

"And the controller of the healing system is the angel family." The Soul Eater said softly.

"Angel family?" Xiao Yan wondered when he heard the words, and Xiao Yan seemed to vaguely remember that he just came to Dou Di Continent, didn't he just save an angel clan?

"The previous Daqian World, if it wasn't for the seven holy angels of the angel family and the three archangels, I'm afraid our Daqian world would have been fragmented long ago."

"In that war between heaven and earth, our great world would be defeated without a doubt, but in the end, one of the three archangels of the angel family performed the resurrection magic, directly reviving the many powerhouses who were obliterated by the foreign evil race, thus turning the tide of the war. ."

"Although the overall strength of the angel family has plummeted since then, they have won the respect of countless powerhouses in the world."

"So it's not unreasonable to say that this healing system is the strongest," said Soul Eater.

"Group resurrection?" Xiao Yan was even more shocked when he heard this!

Although Xiao Yan didn't know how powerful that archangel was, but being able to fight against the evil race outside the realm must be the existence of the Great Thousand World standing at the peak.

"Those things are still too far away from you. You shouldn't be too ambitious now."

"Although the angel family is tyrannical, your Xiao family is not inferior." The Lord of Soul Eater said slowly, but just wanted to continue, and suddenly he was silent.

"I will unlock the secrets of our Xiao clan one day sooner or later." Xiao Yan finished speaking with a firm belief in his mind.

"Hoohoho!" The fighting spirit was so entangled, and immediately felt the extremely tyrannical force of restraint on the wooden vine, and couldn't help roaring.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

If you let this wooden vine entangle like this, I am afraid that it is very likely that I will fall here today!

"Beast."

"With the blood of my king, suppress it!" At the next moment, Dead Wind did not hesitate at all. On the palm of his hand, a scroll with black and golden light flashed slowly, and a drop of black and golden blood slowly flowed from it. out.

And at the moment when the black and golden blood flowed out, the entire sky, all the power, solidified, as if it had been shocked by the most terrifying power between heaven and earth.

"Black gold blood is the real means of power in the ghost world. The strength of the two-star fighting immortal in the dead wind area can actually get such a drop. It seems that this guy should be related to the senior management of Li Soul Territory."

"Just by looking at the black-gold blood drop, I'm afraid it came from the hands of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal. The strength of this guy's allegiance should not be underestimated."

"Interesting." Soul Eater said to himself.

"There is such a terrifying power in this blood." Xiao Yan stared at the black-gold blood drop in front of him, a strong feeling of unease permeated from the bottom of his heart.

"Pfft!" The next moment, the surrounding powerhouses all knelt down on one knee in front of the black-gold blood drop!

"No, my body won't obey!" The next moment, Xiao Yan also felt a slight softness in his knees and was about to kneel down.

"Shabu Shabu!" Just at this critical moment, a circle of black marks around the tattoo of the Xiao ethnic group on the forehead of Xiao Yan, between the eyebrows, slowly dispersed a tiny amount of power, and then completely wiped the black-gold blood droplets. The coercion was wiped clean.

This thing that protects one's own clan tattoos is called the Ten Temple Yama by outsiders!

It's just that Xiao Yan can't feel any ~ and doesn't know the secret, but one thing is certain, there must be an extremely tyrannical power in this black mark.

"Where is this kid so holy?"

"My king's blood doesn't put any pressure on this kid. Could it be someone from the Holy Family?" Dead Wind couldn't help but wonder in the bottom of his heart.

"City Lord, this fighting spirit can't hold it anymore." At this moment, Bai He's voice suddenly came out.

"This fighting soul is devouring Yugan, and the two of them are now hopeless. Let's destroy them together." There was a hint of reluctance in the eyes of the dead wind. its obliteration.

"With the blood of my king, destroy it." After Death Wind finished speaking, the black-gold blood droplets on the palm of his hand floated up gently, attacking the Blood Sky Demon Ape.

"嘁嘁嘁!" The Blood Sky Demon Ape had already swallowed up all the power and consciousness of Yugan, even if the strength reached the Three Star Fighting Immortal, when faced with the black and golden blood, a wave of death slowly brewed. out.

"Boom boom boom!" And the black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf below his face sank, because at this moment, the feather has completely fallen into the hands of the dead wind.

"Next, it's up to you." Yugan was easily wiped out, so that the black-gold blood was returned to the hands of the wind, and the wind said to the two leaders of the mad demon group.

Originally, two chapters were written here, but they were integrated into one chapter.

Tomorrow should start a new plot, enter the ghost world medium chapter!

End of this chapter