Chapter Vol 4 1894: Preparations for the Demon World War!

As the news of the result of Xiao Yan and Xu Shao's battle came out, it didn't take long for Xu Shao's name of rebellion to come true, so Xiao Yan's first new demon commander became more and more supported by demon beasts.

As for Xiao Yan's coma, it disappeared strangely on the second day. Xiao Yan was just like in the past. After visiting the elders of the Horned Demon, he returned to his residence and resumed his day-to-day practice.

At this time, the demon world is the country of ten thousand demons.

The Ten Thousand Demon Nation is under the Demon Realm. Among the hundreds of countries in the huge Demon Realm, the Demon Realm areas with strength enough to rank in the top ten are far from comparable to other countries in terms of strength and background.

Now, with the summoning order of the Ten Thousand Demon King, the entire kingdom city is in a state of extreme excitement, not for anything else, but because of the so-called ancient battlefield.

The ancient battlefield is not only a battlefield of foreign evil races and many demon world powers, but also has countless heritage relics hidden. What's more, the battle in the ancient battlefield is related to the war in the demon world today!

The ten forces of the demon world are already in full swing, and the final battle is imminent!

The armies of the three powerhouses are eyeing their respective territories, and with the addition of the seven demon kings to help fuel the flames, the current ancient battlefield is already full of war, which is quite like a war that has existed since ancient times.

At the same time, the gathering of the entire Demon Nation's army has also slowly progressed to the last step. Except for Xiao Yan and Tianhu Demon Commander, the other monsters who entered the army have been ordered by the top management of the Ten Thousand Demon Nation. of training.

In the deep palace compound of the Ten Thousand Demons Kingdom, in an elegant palace pavilion, three monsters of different shapes quietly appeared here. With a solemn and solemn aura, you can tell at a glance that he is a senior in the army, and that kind of strength is far from Xiao Yan's!

Four eight-star fighting immortals!

Three of them are the elders and demon commanders in the army, and the first gentle man above, the King of Ten Thousand Demons!

"Lord Demon King." After Shunxi, among the three demon commanders, a monster with an anticlimactic head and tail spoke softly, and his voice was full of urgency.

"Master Snake, what is the situation on the front line now?"

"Let's talk to me, it's a battle or a peace, I have my own set." There was a strange wave in the eyes of the Ten Thousand Demon King, and it seemed that he already knew the hot intentions of some snake handsome.

"Okay!" She Shuai also knew his hurried personality, and immediately nodded slowly and began to explain.

"In the ancient battlefield today, the three strong men and the seven demon kings that we are loyal to each have a total of ten forces, and the entire ancient battlefield has been divided into ten battle circles. In each battle circle, the respective armies have gathered, then Waiting for the scene, appalling..."

"And we are in a situation of being broken everywhere because of the disappearance of Lord Heisha Longlang. Several other demon kingdoms have also sent troops to reinforce the ancient battlefield!" Rao is based on the strength of the eight-star fighting immortal at the level of his snake commander. When he said this sentence, the sullenness and solemnity between his eyebrows did not diminish at all.

The power of the other nine masters and the army behind him are enough to make his heart palpitate, not because he is afraid of life and death, but because he is afraid that his homeland will be trampled by other powerhouses!

"In the ancient battlefield, it seems that it is not just the battle of our demon world. A few days ago, I left the Ten Thousand Demons and went to a rather strange area, and collected a lot of strange aura."

"Those auras are like human souls, and some are similar to Xu Shao's. He seems to have taken refuge with one of the seven demon kings, thereby trying to cause a shocking conspiracy in the ancient battlefield."

"Besides this, there is the Demon Suppression Prison in the ancient battlefield. Those are two..." Speaking of which, there was an air of doubt in the eyes of the Ten Thousand Demon King, and those words kept echoing in his mind. The ghostly soul seems to have some connection between the two.

In the ancient battlefield, there were two towns of demons. This was only known to the high-level officials of the demon world. Now that Xu Shao escaped, and the evidence searched from his mansion and other places, the Ten Thousand Demon King was quite surprised.

"Lord Monster King, now the army has been assembled, but our supreme commander, Lord Heisha Longlang, is missing, and his personal guards have to fight against other powerhouses. Now our situation is extremely bad, it is better to do it earlier. Enter the ancient battlefield to help it clear its siege."

"Also let me see, who is stronger or weaker!" Another hawk-mouthed man snorted coldly and said slowly.

"I agree!"

"I agree too!" The three demon handsomes said one after the other, looking at the Wan Demon King at the same time.

"How about the top powerhouses in this military election?" The Demon King nodded and asked Zaidu.

"Now with our strength, there are a total of 50,000 elite soldiers and strong generals. Among them, there are not a few seven-star fighting immortals, about 20 of them, and nine strong people are running for demon generals. Other than that, there is only the so-called Tianhu. Yaoshuai and Xiao Yan Yaoshuai are handsome."

"As for the others, they are also monsters with good combat power." The snake commander nodded and said, obviously, as the head of the three elder monster commanders, he is quite tyrannical in terms of combat power and dominance.

"Xiao Yan?"

"I heard that this guy has dragon scales like me. If you have a chance, you should have a good look at it." After Shun's breath, a monster with brown scales all over his body laughed.

"Don't worry, there is a chance." At this time, the Wan Yaowang laughed.

"By the way, now the ten major battlefields, it seems that Xiao Yan and Tianhu can bring a strange army behind them..." The brown-scaled monster muttered as if he had remembered something.

"Go deep behind enemy lines?" At this time, Wan Yaowang, Snake Handsome, and the eagle-mouthed man spoke slightly, as if they had thought of something.

"Xiao Yan's strength is not bad, and his fighting power is quite amazing. In addition, he and Tianhu Yaoshuai are the newly born Yaoshuai of my Wan Yaoguo Other strong people have a lot of air of their power. For jerky."

"There is no shortage of good ways to go deep behind enemy lines."

"It's just that I'm worried. If it is discovered by other strong armies, I'm afraid it will send them to death." After a while, the Wan Yaowang still expressed his concerns.

"Lord Demon King, I think you are overthinking it."

"A guy who can have the pattern of the underlord is not a simple thing."

"And now the various situations are quite unfavorable for us. This is an extraordinary army. Whether it is successful or not, it will greatly affect the battle situation." The brown-scaled demon commander said slightly.

"Organize the army and gather tomorrow."

"As for this issue, we will discuss it tomorrow."

"But I believe this guy won't disappoint." As soon as he finished speaking, the Wan Yaowang laughed maliciously.

"Black Dragon Wolf"