Chapter Vol 4 2027: Evil tool, death chessboard!

"The reincarnation of ice and fire, kill me!" Feeling the extremely terrifying and unpredictable strange power in Xiao Yan's body, Gu Yuan's heart suddenly emerged, and he didn't have time to think about it. The ice and fire storm behind the power of reincarnation , like a raging wind, roaring away at the crowd in the square below.

The power of reincarnation, coupled with the perfect reincarnation of ice and fire, even if the true Eight Star Fighting Immortal is successful, I am afraid it will only end in a sad end.

"The power of clan tattoos, destroy it!" Xiao Yan smiled slightly, his eyes closed at the same time, and the golden vertical eye was replaced by the golden glow, the indescribable warmth pervaded everyone's heart, and the whole world was swept away by Xiao Yan. Golden vertical eyes shrouded in brilliance.

At this moment, the source of all things trembled slightly, and the entire heaven and earth became golden, indescribably harmonious, but the destruction under the reincarnation storm of ice and fire was diluted away, like a breeze, without any lethality.

"Kacha Kacha!" Despised by the golden vertical eyes and covered by golden brilliance, the ice and fire storm containing the power of reincarnation was tightly bound in place, unable to move. The crack of purpose emerged from the storm.

"Gulu... No, it's impossible!" At this moment, Gu Yuan's pupils shrank tightly, and an unprecedented fear emerged.

His power was completely lost and his attack was broken. Today's Gu Yuan is like being in a temple. The magnificent aura suppresses him, making him not dare to have any bad thoughts. Yan's next attack.

"Tear it!" Feeling the horror of the vertical eyes formed by Xiao Yan's clan pattern, a thick black liquid automatically emerged from Gu Yuan's body, completely wrapping Gu Yuan's body, and an evil aura slowly emerged. come back to life.

"good chance!"

"The power of the clan mark, deprive it!" Looking at the black liquid, Xiao Yan smiled, the golden vertical eyes between his eyebrows suddenly closed, and then opened, a golden beam of light that penetrated the heavens and the earth burst out!

No one can understand and decipher the power contained in the golden beams. Everyone can only crawl down quietly. Above the golden beams, the ancient patterns of ancient times are brilliant, suppressing the endless demons and facing the sky directly. The black liquid that occupied Gu Yuan's body disappeared.

It was at this time that Xiao Yan was waiting. The black aura was obviously the core of controlling Gu Yuan. As long as he solved it or was seriously injured, Xiao Yan believed that he could awaken Gu Yuan!

"Double ethnic pattern?"

"Impossible!" At this moment, a gloomy voice emerged from the black aura in Gu Yuan's body.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the golden beam easily penetrated Gu Yuan's chest, and that chest is where the black is also the densest.

"Ah ah ah!" A deafening and miserable voice emerged from Gu Yuan's mouth, and immediately the black liquid seemed to be fatally injured, and quickly gathered towards Gu Yuan's chest, trying to fill this fatal injury. return.

"Senior, this is my limit, the rest is up to you." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his vertical eyes disappeared immediately, and he fell weakly on the square.

"Ahhhh...give me...get out!" Seemingly feeling Xiao Yan's kindness, Tiantian Guyuan's aura had undergone earth-shaking changes. He covered his head with his hands, his face was extremely pale, and cold sweat broke out on his forehead. The screams were unresolved.

"Boom!" After a few breaths, Gu Yuan clasped his hands together, a force of reincarnation gathered in his palms, and suddenly slapped the last trace of evil on his chest!

The place of attack is the position of his heart.

"Crack!" With a sound, feeling the righteousness of Gu Yuan's death, the black liquid in his body trembled, and he fled directly, facing the evil spirit scholar on the altar.

"Master...Master, Gu Yuan broke free from my control." The black aura just came under the throne of the evil and enchanting scholar, and said in a dejected manner.

"No problem." The evil scholar did not take it for granted and said casually.

"Bang bang bang!" After doing all this, Gu Yuan also returned to normal, but his body suddenly fell from the sky, but the breath in his body was much more comfortable, and the evil breath from the serious injury naturally couldn't stop Gu Yuan.

"Little guy, thank you very much." After expelling the evil aura, Gu Yuan directly smashed a big hole in the square, but slightly opened his mouth to Xiao Yan, his voice was full of relief.

"It's too early to say thanks now." Xiao Yan also reluctantly supported his weak body and stood up, hurriedly helped Gu Yuan up and said, after confirming again and again that the source of evil in Gu Yuan's body was clear and clean, he was relieved.

Otherwise, just Gu Yuan, an eight-star Dou Xian perfection powerhouse, can make their previous plans go to waste this time.

Now that the source of evil that controlled Gu Yuan has been driven out, Gu Yuan has returned to normal, but now his power has been greatly affected. I am afraid that at most it can cope with the later stage of the Eight Star Dou Xian. The source of evil has consumed Xiao Yan and Gu Yuan's enormous power.

"Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!!!"

"Papa!" Just when everyone felt that the crisis was in contact, the evil and charming scholar in the sky stood up slightly, his hands slowly slapped, and his voice was extremely evil. It seemed that Gu Yuan had broken free from control, and it did not affect his aloof posture at all, as if everything still under his control.

"Evil Scholar!" Seeing this, Gu Yuan vented his grievances.

Back then, I brought most of them to the Soul Palace to obliterate them, but I was secretly colluded by Soul Palace and Xie Mei Scholar to completely control myself and others. Only now did I have the current scene. As the ancient patriarch, as an eight-star fighting fairy The reincarnation powerhouse is here This is a shame, and the best way to solve the shame is to kill the evil and enchanting scholar, and shame before the snow!

"Congratulations on passing the test. Now, it's time to play the next game."

"But I have to remind you in advance that if someone breaks the rules of the game, they will die without a place to be buried." After the evil spirit scholar finished speaking, the monstrous blood energy was released, and the whole world shook.

"No...it's the evil spirit of the evil scholar!" Gu Yuan couldn't care about the weakness in his body, he only felt that the world was spinning, and he couldn't help roaring immediately.

Gu Yuan was fortunate enough to have seen the evil equipment of the evil and charming scholar. The evil equipment is not as arrogant and arrogant as other kings, but the power contained in it is unquestionable, even Gu Yuanfu felt a palpitation.

"It's too late!" Seeing Gu Yuan's actions to stop his game from unfolding, the evil scholar snorted coldly, and thousands of figures all around him filed out from the dark to surround him.

"It's actually our body..." The bronze bronze Gu Yulan and the others at the back took a deep breath. Seeing that their body was actually controlled by a foreign evil clan, they couldn't help taking a deep breath.

And everyone is bound by these strong men, so they can only stand quietly in place, waiting for the so-called game of the evil spirit scholar to slowly unfold, not knowing whether it is death or rebirth.

​​

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: