Chapter Vol 4 1358: Rescue!

"What is this?" Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning at the strange wave that appeared out of thin air in his holy flame space.

"This is... a voice transmission of the soul?"

"This fluctuation seems to be caused by Yun Qi of the Alchemist Association!" After a while, Du Qifei suddenly let out a coquettish cry, apparently seeing through the secret of this strange fluctuation.

"Open it and see?" Xiao Yan nodded immediately after hearing the words, but said with a doubtful confidence. After all, this level of soul voice transmission is rarely used, and Yun Qi's soul power is even stronger than Xiao Yan's, she said this. What is the reason for a touch of soul transmission?

"Xiao Yan, I found the evil race from outside the territory, come quickly!" The dazzling soul force went away, and suddenly a line of dazzling big characters flashed in the space.

"How could it be... Could it be the adults and the others who did it?"

"Or did those puppets do it?" Seeing this, the evil figure who was bound to the death by the khaki rock giant couldn't help but speak.

"What's going on?" Looking at the bright big characters in the sky, the four women below realized a sense of unease, and then a bad omen emerged.

"This is a sound transmission of the soul. It seems that they must have encountered a tyrannical foreign powerhouse. Let's rush over." Xiao Yan said solemnly, this Yun Qi is also a qualified opponent. It belongs to the Alchemist Association, so Xiao Yan naturally would not sit idly by.

In the face of extraterritorial evil clan, the general attributes, unless the light element, there is no holy flame, it is extremely difficult to deal with extraterritorial evil clan.

"Extraterritorial evil races are really abhorrent." Looking at the sky, Xiao Yan frowned, and the girls also shook their heads slightly.

"Wong buzzing!"

"This is a trace of holy flame's power, which is enough to keep you from being controlled by the ghost family. You must be careful in this trip, because this extraterritorial evil clan is extremely tyrannical." Xiao Yan slightly separated the khaki flame toward the four women's bodies. Go, this is relieved, otherwise, when they are dealing with the powerful foreigners, if something happens to them, they will be enemies on both sides.

"Yes." The four women heard the words and knew the seriousness of the matter, and immediately nodded their heads.

"What about this guy?" Du Qifeiyu pointed at the evil figure in the sky and said.

"Qi Fei, combine our strengths to obliterate him." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"Okay." Duo Qifei heard the words without any hesitation, a flash of silver thunder flashed between her eyebrows, and then with a dazzling attack, she directly attacked the evil man.

"The reincarnation... how is that possible?" The man imprisoned by Sheng Yan could not escape death, but Sheng Yan wanted to obliterate him in an instant, which was naturally unrealistic, but now with the help of the Thunder Lord's reincarnation token, in union Xiao Yan's holy flame power, this evil man was instantly wiped out by the power of the two.

"Let's go!" After doing all this, Xiao Yan put away the holy flame space, and then took a few people with him, and the speed skyrocketed, and went to the place where Yun Qi called for help.

At the same time, where Yun Qi and the others were, there were scenes of shocking scenes.

"Senior Sister, what are we doing now?" In a dark cave, this place is underground. There are countless poisonous insects in it. The environment is dark and humid, but fortunately it is extremely hidden. At this time, there are four or five figures in the cave. He moved anxiously.

"Cough cough." Yun Qi was at the front, but at this time, she was extremely weak and barely stood up. Then she looked at the few classmates present and couldn't help but say ashamed.

"I'm sorry everyone..." A cry slowly appeared in the cave, making the already quiet cave a bit desolate.

"Senior sister, don't blame yourself, it's not your fault either."

"No one would have thought that this thunder tomb would be mixed with evil races from outside the territory, and the thunder card has failed. We can't leave the thunder tomb by crushing the thunder card..." Hua Fei on the side was severely injured and his breath was extremely sluggish.

"This time, it's very strange, this foreign evil race seems to have the power to deceive people, and after being deceived by them, it seems that the power has increased a lot?" Another fellow from the Alchemist Association said.

During their trip, a total of ten people from the Alchemist Association entered the Thunder Tomb together. The strength of the ten people was around the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian.

However, when approaching the second floor of the Thunder Tomb, he encountered a man in green robe.

The green-robed man just saw them, and he immediately attacked them as if he saw delicious food. The strange aura on the green-robed man that was incompatible with Lei Tomb made them discover his true identity. , his strength has reached the level of the early stage of Samsung Fighting Immortals, and even beside him, there are many contestants in this competition, as if he has lost his intelligence and let him control it!

Those contestants followed their horses, as if they were being controlled. Among them, there were many disciples of some tyrannical forces, such as the Blood Clothes Sect, among their eight major forces. They were also controlled by them, so when they just met, they launched a crazy attack on the ten of them.

After they barely resisted for a round, the difference between their strength and the number of people was too huge, so they began to avoid it. Fortunately, Yun Qi and Xiao Yan fought, and through their soul power, they found that Xiao Yan seemed to have a tyrannical aura similar to Sheng Yan. In addition, Yun Qi is quite sensitive to Xiao Yan's soul power, so he can easily convey his soul voice to Xiao Yan.

"I hope Xiao Yan and the others can hurry up..."

"Otherwise, this trip to the Thunder Tomb may really become the largest trip to the tomb in Dongzhou for thousands of years." Yun Qi said with a pale face.

In the previous battle, Yun Qi and Hua Fei fought with the green-robed man in order to cover the retreat of their fellow alchemists from the Alchemist Association. They were seriously injured by him, and those evil forces, with their current strength, could not be driven out, so they were like poisonous insects. With the passage of time, they continue to eat away their power, so now the breath is sluggish, if the evil power of this alien race is not expelled and stays in the body for a long time, I am afraid that they will also become accomplices of the alien race.

"Hey, the game of cat and mouse, it's time to end!"

"After I take you back, the adults should be very happy." The next moment, a loud bang sounded above the hidden cave, and a gap was blown out at the top of the cave!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

When everyone heard the words, they slowly raised their heads, but saw several very familiar figures.

"Blood crystal?"

"Mu Xiao?"

"Even they are under control..." Yun Qi looked at the two figures above the cave as before, but at this time their pupils were filled with milky white, and there was a violent **** blood all over their bodies. gas!

"This is troublesome..." Forcibly resisting the erosion of the evil aura in his body, Hua Fei frowned and said solemnly.

It seems that this time, it is impossible not to work hard!

. Mobile version update fastest URL