Chapter Vol 4 2236: Holy pattern, the evil corpse god!

"It turns out that it is also the spirit of flame, and it was a coincidence that it has become what it is now..."

Looking at the first part of the memory flashing around Xiao Yi, Yao Ji finally woke up.

"My Reincarnation Seal was turned into a spiritual seal in the early days and scattered across the world, just waiting to find someone who is destined."

"Don't worry, this guy has my Reincarnation Seal, and his future achievements will be limitless."

"After all, Sheng Yan is just the icing on the cake. A tough self also needs strength to be established."

"And he himself is a holy flame embryo. Without burning the judgment, he cannot swallow two holy flames."

With a wave of Yaoji's hand, a dazzling purple flame lingered out, completely dragging Xiaoyi aside, but Xiao Yan found that that kind of power was no trivial matter, and it was probably Yaoji's guidance to Xiaoyi.

"After all, I'm just an afterimage left behind, and I can't help you too much."

"By your hand and the power of the holy pattern, I can completely repair the source of the damage to the holy flame. In the future, I will depend on you."

At this moment, Yaoji slowly walked towards the Ziyan Elk. At the same time, the Elk also sent out bursts of extremely gentle power to call Yaoji.

"Don't worry, Your Majesty, I will definitely go to the Second Town Demon Prison to rescue you..."

"I will also reunite you with His Majesty Shengyan as soon as possible."

Xiao Yan followed along and said plausibly.

"Humph!"

"A group of masters of holy flame who are messing around with flowers, if I can solve it, I will definitely teach you a lesson..."

"Holy King!"

The originally good atmosphere was made a little stiff by Xiao Yan's words.

"Come here, release your source of holy flame, use the source of holy flame to nourish it, and I will handle the rest."

The goddess Yaoji said coldly, obviously she had a lot of anger towards Xiao Yan. After all, it was too easy for such an unparalleled powerhouse, even if he left behind his strength, to find out the secrets of Xiao Yan.

"Okay!"

Xiao Yan hurriedly agreed, and immediately ran over with a look of helplessness, four holy flame crystals emerged together, and then gently handed over to Yao Ji's majesty.

"How about another one?"

Yao Ji felt the ancient and mysterious power on the four holy flame crystals and nodded with satisfaction, but then she wondered.

"That is holy flame with only half of its origin."

Xiao Yan said with an ugly brow.

"Why don't you give it back to others?"

Yao Ji, however, had already seen everything, so she spoke softly and calmly.

"Can you still give it back?"

When Xiao Yan heard this, he was stunned.

The source of holy flame has been swallowed up by oneself, can it be returned to others?

In that case, it is forcibly deprived, and it will cause extremely serious damage to one's own origin.

"You didn't ask?"

"Naturally not for you, but who am I?"

At this moment, Yao Ji's graceful face showed a hint of pride. At this moment, Yao Ji had an unparalleled appearance in the world.

"Wong buzzing!"

While speaking, the four holy flame crystals were suddenly condensed with four flame holy patterns under the control of their slender jade hands.

Above the holy pattern, an ancient and obscure terrifying power quietly landed on the body of the Ziyan elk, and the dying purple flame suddenly burst into flames, and an even larger body of a thousand-zhang elk emerged. !

The graceful lines, a very distinctive sense of beauty emerged, but on the body of this purple elk, there is a dark red evil shackle, which is firmly bound, so that it can't break free no matter what!

Above that bondage, among the dark red lines floating, there were unexpectedly countless eerie mourning voices. After hearing such voices, the power in Xiao Yan's body actually felt a rare throbbing.

This kind of power is definitely a foreign evil race, but why is it so tyrannical?

It seems to be the strongest evil force you have ever encountered?

"What is this?"

At this time, Xiao Yan stared blankly at the dark red shackles outside Ziyan Elk's body. From there, a genuine sense of insignificance swept over.

"In addition to the purest holy flame heart that can temporarily seal and suppress holy flames, the evil gods of the extraterritorial evil clan can use evil power to cover and seal the power of holy flames, but their power is only holy flames after the tenth holy flame list. You can do this, the top ten holy flames are too terrifying, and they can't suppress them."

"And my holy flame happens to be in this industry."

After Yaoji finished speaking, four holy patterns enveloped her body and slowly vacated the sky. A splendid ancient rune merged from the center of the four holy patterns, running through the whole world, even those who imprisoned the purple flame elk. The red shackles became slightly trembling and shattered!

"Sacred flame pattern fusion?"

"What power?"

Seeing that Yao Ji was able to control these four holy patterns so much, and even the fusion of the four holy patterns, an even more ancient power swept out.

That kind of power can't be traced back at all, but Xiao Yan vaguely felt that the power that can make the dark red shackles so fearful and make his own devil cube so uneasy, that kind of power is probably the oldest power born in the world!

"Yao Ji?"

A terrifying wave flickered in the center of the four holy patterns, and the dark red shackles squirmed rapidly, and a dark red phantom condensed out. There was no outline at all, and only an extremely terrifying coercion came.

As soon as the dark red phantom appeared, it stepped heavily on the purple flame elk, causing this weak holy flame spirit elk to suffer endlessly, and the energy fluctuations contained in its evil shadow had already surpassed the scope of heaven and earth.

In conjunction with what Yao Ji just said... I am afraid that the dark red guy in front of him is the so-called evil **** powerhouse among the foreign evil races!

The strength of the powerful kings of the evil tribes outside the realm is not as strong as this evil god!

Evil God Rank, what exactly is this existence!

"Yin Zombie Evil God It's been a long time."

Seeing this, Yao Ji was unmoved, a faint voice swept out along with the ancient waves, and the ancient runes in front of her flashed the vast waves that wiped out all things.

"Strangle!"

The high-pitched sacred voice sounded, and suddenly this world, the wind was raging, countless holy radiances fell, the evil power on the purple elk quickly subsided, and even the dying purple flames began to grow savagely.

"The next time we meet, I'm afraid I won't have such good luck."

Seeing Yao Ji's tough wrist, the dark red figure smiled faintly, and all the power in the phantom was immediately dissipated in this world by Yao Ji's means.

"The injury is too serious...the holy flame must be used as a guide to completely repair and heal it."

After some inspection, Yao Ji shook her head. Obviously, the damage of this holy flame was more powerful than she imagined. Even if the dark red shackles were driven away, it would not be able to be completely repaired.

"YoYo."

The Ziyan Elk felt the passing away of the power of holy flame and the power of evil that had been lost for a long time, and his body became firmer, and he cried out.

"Alas... Now, I'm afraid I can only abandon Xiao Gu Da."

Xiao Yan felt a little reluctant in his heart, but after a while, he was relieved.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: