Chapter 631: Cut in line?

With the conclusion of the gathering of the three young and old, many disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion joined the fight for teammates.

Undoubtedly, if you want to get a lot of rankings and rewards in this team competition, the strength of one person is important, but if the strength of a team is equally strong, then it is more secure for this strange team competition.

The Burning Incense Pavilion is the most lively today, with huge crowds, and the scene is extremely spectacular.

Xiao Yan and the others left Fen Tianyu and came to the registration office for the team competition, and suddenly felt that they had made a mistake.

Originally thought that there were very few people here, but when they came here, the registration office was already surrounded by water, and the queue of thousands of people made people feel a sense of relief at first glance.

The five people slowly came to the last place. As for the last Lingxuan, the slender eyelashes kept stirring, as if thinking about something.

"Hey hey hey, have you heard of it?"

"What?" In front of Xiao Yan and the others, a disciple of the Earth Palace spoke slowly.

"The senior brothers in our Earth Temple have retreated, so now the second, third, fourth and fifth senior brothers form the strongest team. With the withdrawal of the Heavenly Temple, I think the first place in this team competition will definitely be the best. It's theirs."

"Second Senior Brother, Fifth Senior Brother... Isn't this only four people?" The others in the team couldn't help asking.

"I don't know, but the strength of these four people is so terrifying, I'm afraid the strength of the last person will not be too weak."

"And do you know the rules of this game?" the leader said.

"competition rules?"

"Isn't that the only way to know if you have received the team card?" The people who spoke were obviously a team, and they asked one question and one answer.

However, the people next to them were quiet, because at this time, most of what the five people said about them were news that other teams didn't know, so they all quieted down and listened.

"This time the team cards have three types: blue, yellow, and red."

"It is said that the task of the team that got the blue team card seems to be to **** something. Anyway, there are various tasks, but the risk factor is extremely small. This is only the choice of some powerful five-star fighting emperors in the early stage."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"As for some teams that are stronger than the five-star fighting emperor in the middle and late stages, they choose the yellow team card."

"The task on the yellow team card is more difficult. It is to take away the prescribed things from certain places. Although those people did not specify it, it is known from their ugly faces that the task is not so simple." The leader continued. kept saying.

"What about the last red team card?"

"If it's red...they do a good job of keeping secrets, I don't know about that."

"But our team, just get the yellow team card..." The team kept saying.

"Lingxuan, do you know the content of this team competition?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but said to Lingxuan at the back.

"Humph!"

"Now you know you've come to beg me?"

"Even if you beg me, I won't tell you." Lingxuan said angrily, obviously this Xiao Yan didn't know that she was the little witch of the Earth Palace, the daughter of the Palace Master of the Earth Palace!

Treat yourself extremely badly!

"..." Hearing this, Xiao Yan scratched his head immediately, what are these pig teammates, Xiao Yan seems to be able to figure out how the pig teammates are dragging their feet.

"I think this team competition should have several stages, and you will know after you receive the team card." Mu Yingying said.

As Mu Yingying opened her mouth, Lingxuan's pupils shrank slightly.

Lingxuan believed that her appearance was extraordinary, but after seeing Mu Yingying, Lingxuan realized that there are people outside people, and there are heavens.

If Lingxuan is the kind of squeamish flower, then the first impression Mu Yingying gave to Lingxuan was the kind of snowflake that had never bloomed in ten thousand years, but once it bloomed, the light and charm it released was unparalleled.

"Damn, there are so many people, I don't know if the queue will be until the Year of the Monkey..." Mu Feng looked at him slightly, and then complained.

There are thousands of people in this team. With such a huge crowd, I am afraid that there will be no time to complete the registration in a few days.

After Mu Feng finished speaking, several people shook their heads.

After all, this is a sect. If you do something like jumping in the queue, you will inevitably feel hurt.

"I have a solution." It seemed that she realized that the other four people in her team had nothing to do, and then Ling Xuan's beautiful eyes moved slightly, and she said something unwilling to be outdone.

"What can I do?" Xiao Yan seemed to have vaguely guessed what Lingxuan was thinking at the moment when Lingxuan spoke, and asked.

"Why are you asking so many questions, just follow me." Ling Xuan made a grimace at Xiao Yan, then jumped straight away from the long queue and walked towards the front.

"What is she doing?"

"Cut in line?" Seeing this, Mu Feng couldn't help but have black lines all over his head.

There are thousands of disciples here. Is this action against them all?

"Hey, this seems to be feasible..." Xiao Yan didn't follow up immediately, and stared at Ling Xuan.

But within a few breaths, Xiao Yan discovered that every time Lingxuan took a step forward, he greeted the disciples in the queue, and the disciples in the queue responded enthusiastically.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan said slowly.

Just after speaking, the group of four left the team and walked forward.

"Hey, hey, how can this classmate jump in the queue?"

"The hall master often teaches us that we can't be human..." Xiao Yan and the others just walked a few steps when a dissatisfied voice suddenly came.

"Humph!"

"Have you forgotten who I am?" Just as Xiao Yi was about to start, Na Lingxuan groaned.

"It turned out to be Senior Sister Lingxuan's team, you guys please." Before the disciple met this beautiful figure, she was so frightened that she was sweating profusely!

Because this Lingxuan is the daughter of the Hall Master of the Earth Palace, her strength and talent are considered outstanding in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion, so many brothers and sisters are polite to her If this is the case Lingxuan's strength and talent are mediocre, so you don't need to be so polite, politely, Lingxuan's talent is too terrifying, and she has reached the level of the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor at a young age!

You must know that the number of disciples in the entire hall with the strength of the Six-Star Dou Emperor may not have changed the number of hands, not to mention that this Lingxuan's strength is still in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor!

"Let's go, follow me!" Ling Xuan confidently said to the four people behind her, and walked in swaggeringly.

"Hahaha, look at the good daughter you taught." A loud laugh came directly from a house.

This house is not unfamiliar, it is the place where Zhu Lao lives.

At this time, Elder Zhu and the Hall Master of the Di Palace were slowly staring at a crystal ball in front of them, in which Ling Xuan's actions were fully visible.

"Hmph, old man, it's none of my business." The Palace Master of the Earth Palace hurriedly said, how could he have thought that his daughter would come out like this.

Because his daughter did this, it was undoubtedly a slap in the face, but he often taught his disciples how to do it.

"Okay, since the matter has come here, let's prepare to go to that space."

"After all, with so many disciples, it would be no fun to be entered by other powerhouses without us." Elder Zhu suddenly said solemnly.

"Let's go."

"But I also want to see how much my daughter can grow after this time." After finishing speaking, Old Man and Zhu disappeared into the house in an instant.

Ask for tickets!