Chapter 607: Bold guess!

"Our competition at Burning Incense Pavilion is different from other places."

"It is divided into individual competitions and team competitions."

"Individual competitions can greatly demonstrate one's strength and become famous for their personal strength. As long as there is no serious injury or death in the battle, no one will interfere."

"The team competition is divided into five players. In addition to the cooperative battles with each other, I heard that it is necessary to go to some dangerous places to complete some tasks."

"However, whether it is the first place in the individual competition or the first place in the team competition, you can enter the Dou Ji Pavilion in the depths of the Fenxiang Pavilion to find what you need." Mu Feng said with some fiery eyes, obviously he was very interested in the Dou Ji Pavilion. for fiery.

"Doujige Pavilion..." Xiao Yan whispered softly, Xiao Yan was still clear about the layout of the Burning Incense Pavilion.

The Burning Incense Pavilion is divided into the cabinet and the outer cabinet.

The cabinet is divided into three halls of heaven, earth and people, among which are the Douji Pavilion, the test ground, the cultivation cave, the medicine room, and the place where some elders live to build the entire cabinet.

As for the Dou Ji Pavilion, it is a place with countless high-level fighting skills, and even the highest-level fighting skills among the three halls of heaven, earth, and people.

"It is said that the Heaven-shifting Ruler that no one has cultivated in our Hall of Humanity is also in it. That is the real holy-rank fighting skill." Mu Feng said excitedly.

"Hey, that moving the sky ruler is powerful, but no one has cultivated it for thousands of years. There are some reasons why." Xiao Yan smiled calmly, but he was vaguely passionate about this moving sky ruler.

After all, this is something that even his master, the Golden Dragon King, is full of admiration!

"This sky-moving ruler must be obtained." Xiao Yan said slowly in his heart.

"The individual competition is over, and the team competition will start in a few days. You should rest well for the next few days." Mu Yingying noticed that Xiao Yan was a little tired and spoke immediately.

"En." Xiao Yan responded gently, and then returned to his room.

"You don't need to tell him about the terrifying people in this competition, after all, they will also participate in the team competition." Green Flute said suspiciously.

"No need, isn't there still us?" Xiao Yi said with a light smile.

"Go back, let him rest for a few days." Several people thought the same, and immediately returned to their residence.

"Hey, boy, I don't see that your peach blossom luck is not bad." Just after entering his room, Xinyan just strung it out and said to Xiao Yan.

"Okay, let's get down to business." Xiao Yan ignored this Xinyan and spoke immediately.

"The woman named Mu Yingying just now should also have a holy flame on her body, right?" The next moment, Xinyan put away her condescending appearance and said calmly.

"That's right, but I didn't find the existence of the Holy Flame Spirit on her body, so it's a strange thing." Xiao Yan asked.

"Impossible, every holy flame has the spirit of holy flame, because we are both holy flames, and holy flames are us." Xin Wen directly denied it.

"Then how could she..." Hearing Xinyan's conclusion, Xiao Yan also fell into deep thought!

Since knowing that Mu Yingying possessed the holy flame, Xiao Yan was quite suspicious of Mu Yingying's life experience.

"According to my investigation just now, if my expectations are good, there should be two possibilities for Mu Yingying." Xinyan lowered her voice and came slowly.

"Which two?" Xiao Yan asked eagerly.

"The first one is that the power of this holy flame is too powerful, which caused Mu Yingying's body to be unable to bear it, so she was sealed by the strong. Only when Mu Yingying becomes stronger can she gradually control the holy flame."

"And every time the seal is unlocked, it will have a big impact on her."

"However, this method is extremely dangerous, because the holy flame is in a sealed state, and a lot of power cannot be evaporated, so if you encounter a foreign evil clan or some people with bad intentions, the situation is extremely dangerous."

"But if this method is successful, it will directly assimilate the spirit of holy flame, and then that will be the real holy flame!" Xinyan said seriously.

"There is still such a secret." Xiao Yan nodded his head if he realized something.

"Then there is another way?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask, since the first method is so dangerous, it is enough to show that this Mu Yingying's body is extremely powerful.

Coupled with Xiao Yan's perception, the holy flame on Mu Yingying's body is very likely to be the first possibility!

"As for the second, even I can't believe it."

"Because all things are born, each has a spirit."

"Whether it is a magical beast or a holy flame, or some creatures cultivated from sand trees, it can be done."

"This method, we call it transfer repair!" Xinyan said slowly, but her voice was extremely heavy.

"Transfer?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and was immediately surprised. Obviously, he had never even heard of this kind of thing!

"Yes, it's a conversion."

"In other words, it is rebuilding." Xinyan said.

"What the **** is going on?" Xiao Yan asked worriedly as he looked at the fluctuating Xinyan in his heart.

"This method is only applicable to other creatures besides your humans."

"Man is the leader of all things It is worthy of the name, not only has researched vindictiveness, but even some pharmacists who cultivate the soul, strong pupils who focus on cultivating the body, and many things are your human beings. pioneered.”

"Although our all things do have a long life, the breakthrough of strength is extremely slow. Even after breaking through Dou Xian, it may be difficult to improve for thousands of years, and every breakthrough will attract sanctions from the laws of heaven and earth. Catastrophe, I am afraid there will be ten deaths and no life."

"Maybe you humans are different. With the unique advantages, humans are indeed far superior to us in the process of cultivation, so there are a small number of supernatural beings that gave birth to some other ideas."

"Finally, under the research of countless supernatural beings, we have the idea that these supernatural beings can be transformed into human beings to cultivate."

"That is, after breaking through Dou Xian, all supernatural beings can choose whether to transform into human beings to cultivate or continue their own supernatural powers."

"However, once you choose to transform into spiritual cultivation, not only will you not be able to restore the strength of the monster's appearance, but even the strength of its Fighting Immortal will instantly drop, and it will be reduced to a one-star fighting emperor."

"But converting to human can avoid the sanction of the law of heaven and earth, and once you cultivate to the level of a god, you can be immortal and immortal!"

"This is the so-called restoration!"

"And many of the spirits and even some magical beasts who choose to rebuild, although they have been transformed into humans, the blood essence and magic core of the monsters at the level of fighting immortals are the favorites of human beings, so if they are not careful, I am afraid they will only find their own way to death." Xinyan slowly opened her mouth.

"Are you saying that Mu Yingying was originally the Spirit of Holy Flame, and it was only when she was converted into a human being that these situations would occur?" A bold idea slowly formed in Xiao Yan's heart! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: