Chapter Vol 4 1397: Doomsday?

Inside the Thunder Valley of Forged Knives.

"Damn!"

"Who the **** are you?"

"You dare to break into the Thunder Valley of Forging Swords without authorization, so you are not afraid of attracting the wrath of the powerful people in our valley and leaving your corpses in different places!" On a quiet path, a disciple of Thunder Valley forging Swords was prostrate on the ground. , staring at the few people in front of him with a puzzled expression.

I don't know why, at this time, there was no trace of the top of the forging knife Thunder Valley, and even the valley was killed by these spooky figures.

Rivers of blood had already flowed here, and the terrifying disciples looked at the strange figures in black robes and extremely powerful, and couldn't help but feel a hint of despair in their hearts.

"Susu."

"The strong people in the valley are angry?"

"Hahaha!"

"Don't say that you forge the Thunder Valley, even if they are themselves, they are unable to protect themselves, how can they take care of you..."

"So...die!" A sarcasm appeared in an instant, and then a sharp pitch-black chain suddenly appeared under the black robe of the man in black robe. Before any reaction from these disciples, the speed was so fast that it easily penetrated the roaring man.

"Buzz!"

"Is the soul power of the Emperor Realm..." One hit kills, and a black chain immediately drags out an extremely illusory energy body directly from the fallen man's body.

"Do you still want to run?" With a cold snort, the black rune suddenly wriggled on the black robe chain, and then the soul body was completely captured by the black robe man.

At this time, this scene is constantly being played out in the Thunder Valley.

"asshole!"

"asshole!"

"Bastard!" In the knife forging hall, there were only a few figures standing here at this time, and the first among them were the current master and third master of the knife-forging Thunder Valley.

"How is the situation in the valley now?" Duo Tianheng, the leader, said with a gloomy look.

At present, the top level of Forge Thunder Valley, the head and deputy head of the valley, and their three heads, only the big head Du Tianheng and the third head Du Tianfeng exist. As for the second head, they are the minions of the Soul Palace.

"Return to the master."

"Nowadays, many disciples in the valley have been slaughtered by mysterious powerhouses, and this kind of slaughter is extremely cruel." Du Lao, who was beside him, couldn't help but said with a solemn expression.

"How is our manpower now?" Duan Tianheng asked.

"It seems that the main and deputy valley masters have entered the Thunder Tomb, and the second master has already defected, and even half of the elders in our sword-forging Thunder Valley elder seat are all chess pieces in the Soul Palace." Du Tianfeng on the side also said coldly. .

"It seems that this time, we can only fight to the death." Duan Tianheng's pupils flickered with a heavy look, obviously where he would have expected today.

"Master, stay safe." Not long after, the main entrance of the knife forging hall was suddenly blown away by a huge force, and suddenly five figures walked in slowly.

"You still have the face to come back?"

"The five of us are brothers, brothers and sisters, but you betrayed us and plunged into the Soul Palace. It's really disappointing." Duan Tianheng looked up, his brows wrinkled, and the dazzling killing intent filled the air.

"Hehe, third brother, fifth brother, why are you still brooding about it at this time?"

"Those who know the current affairs are handsome." The man walking towards him grinned.

"Stop talking nonsense, do it!"

"Arrest them all, remember to arrest them alive!" A black mist behind him also said.

"Four-star Douxian late stage?"

"Five?" The next moment, Duan Tianheng's expression also became solemn!

The opponent has five four-star fighting immortals, and there are only three on their own side. As for the other powerhouses, they were scattered by Du Tianheng to rescue the disciples inside the Thunder Valley.

"Boom!" The battle is about to break out!

In another place, at the height of Leicheng, the battle between the eight powerhouses and the Huo Sin Envoy had obviously entered the white-hot stage.

"This bastard!" Tan Chen, who is in the Thousand Thunder Slaughtering Array, although his strength has soared to the level of the early stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal in a short time, and he controls Thunder, is a genuine Thunder King, but the Fire Sin Envoy is not a vegetarian. .

On the Fire Sinister, flame power and evil power continued to emerge, and in the face of Tan Chen's wave after wave of tyrannical attacks, they were cleverly avoided by him.

"Susu..."

"It seems that your strength is also slowly going downhill." It seems that he noticed that in the formation, the power of the earth-shattering thunder has been significantly weakened, and Huo Sin made his body stop slightly. Then he said with a smile on his face.

"Thunder Pillar!" In the face of the sarcasm of the fire sinner, Tan Chen also ignored it. As many as eight colors of energy were squirming in his body, and then with the power of silver thunder, it directly turned into a nine-color thunder beam, with an indescribable light. It fluctuated and whizzed away, but several other strong men saw the sweat droplets on Tan Chen's forehead, the size of water droplets, constantly emerging. Obviously, today's Tan Chen also has nothing to do with Huo Sin.

"This is the end?"

"We're not reconciled!" And the other seven powerhouses clenched their fists tightly at this time. Once Tan Chen fails, I am afraid that what awaits them next will be the end of the world.

"Boom!" The dazzling power reverberated in the formation. This time, Huo Sin made no attempt to escape, and stood calmly in the sky, allowing Lei Zhu to attack.

"Crash!" The power contained in the Thunder Pillar should not be underestimated. Just touching the body of the Fire Sinister, a shrill current squirmed on top of his body, even because of the limit of that energy expansion, causing The formation space has become restless!

"Evil... Soul... Overturning the Sun!" And Huo Sin's face was not very good-looking. He forcibly endured such a tyrannical attack, and suddenly a roar emerged, and as the roar emerged, suddenly in the formation space, a monstrous evil The aura emerged along with the rising flames, and then merged directly under the astonished eyes of everyone, turning into a red-black evil aura that suddenly spread out!

"Boom!" The tyrannical force made the two directly stalemate.

And when the two were fighting so hard, a figure rushed towards here.

"Senior..." After the Soul Guard captured Xiao Yan, he didn't think much of it, he directly sealed Xiao Yan with the same tyrannical seal that bound Du Tianhong, and then threw the two of them into the special acceptance ring.

"Does it feel strange?" Duan Tianhong slowly closed his eyes, and then communicated with Xiao Yan using his soul power.

"This time, I'm afraid it will be Dongzhou's trouble." Xiao Yan responded.

"Forget it... But I didn't expect that Sin would actually join forces with Soul Palace..."

"But now, the powerhouses of Sin and Soul Hall may have already attacked Leicheng and Forge Thunder Valley." Duan Tianhong said.

"Now what should I do?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder.

"Don't worry, now that my body is healed from a dark disease, and with the return of Lei Di's scepter and my mount, at my true peak, the two five-star fighting immortals... are also enough to fight." Duan Tianhong said with a smile, As if the winning ticket was in hand.

"Qi Fei was taken away by Senior Mingling Lei Jiao just now, should it be Gu Master's intention, right?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively.

"That's right."

"Extraterritorial Evil Clan and Sinzhi are still worried about me killing the Burning Soul Clan, but I, Du Tianhong, aren't planning on them!"

"And the reason why I do this... is to kill them all!"

After Duan Tianhong finished speaking, he slowly calmed down, but Xiao Yan could sense that Duo Tianhong's aura in his body had recovered as before, and even his strength was far beyond the comparison of an ordinary five-star fighting immortal powerhouse!

. Mobile version update fastest URL: