Chapter Vol 4 2083: The strange behavior of the evil dragon!

The latest website: "Hoohoho!" It seems that it was provoked by a small creature like Xiao Yan. The two heads of the ice and fire evil dragon raised their heads to the sky and roared, and an extremely surging force was injected into the water column around the body, greedy and bloody. The dragon's eyes stared at Xiao Yan, wishing to smash Xiao Yan's corpse into ten thousand pieces.

"Tear it off!" Being stared at by this big guy, Xiao Yan only felt that his soul was shocked, and bursts of icy cold emerged, and suddenly he didn't stand on the spot. .

"Crack!" Just as Xiao Yan left his forefoot, the sea where he was standing instantly turned into an ice sculpture. The extremely cold aura was terrifying.

"Little human beings dare to care about the treasure of this seat, you are courting death!" Seeing Xiao Yan escape from his first round of attacks, the Ice Fire Evil Dragon spat out his endless killing intent.

Accompanied by his angry roar, the entire spirit sea was raging, and the sky-reaching water columns gathered from the bottom of the sea, quietly crawling beside him.

"Why do you have to fight so hard?"

"Why don't you sit down and have a cup of tea..." Xiao Yan smiled calmly. At this time, the power in his body was rapidly mobilizing. The pressure this guy put on Xiao Yan was unusual and must not be taken lightly.

"Looking for death!" Seeing that there was no sign of everyone exiting, the plump body of the Ice Fire Evil Dragon instantly sank into the Spiritual Sea, while countless water jets shot towards Xiao Yan, and the terrifying airflow contained in them made the entire Spiritual Sea violently violent. Roar, loud and loud!

"Why is this guy so violent... It stands to reason that even if Yan Xuan and the two angered him, he would not be so angry as a guardian..." On Xiao Yan's body, the blessing of the Dragon God Transformation slowly emerged. , and immediately resisted the attacks of countless water columns.

"Xiao Yan, be careful, this guy is extremely powerful, and the power of water and fire is even more unpredictable." Seeing the ice and fire evil dragon hiding in the sea of ​​​​spirits, the injured Hunmu, Yao Yichen and others could not help but not far away. Roaring, their voices are hoarse, and they can't help Xiao Yan now, but they were just defeated by this guy's power of ice and fire, helplessly reminding Xiao Yan.

"Humph!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, without hesitation, with the blessing of the first transformation of the Dragon God and the protection of the holy flame, the figure burst out, and the ancient ruler behind him took down the situation, and he held both hands, condensing the strength of the whole body , slammed into the Linghai below directly in midair.

"Boom!" This time, he didn't use any fighting skills. He just used his own strength to display it. The sky-shattering light flashed out. With a lightning-like offensive, it easily disintegrated the countless water column attacks, and immediately took advantage of the situation to hide. The ice and fire evil dragon in the spirit sea blasted away.

"Pimple!" The tyrannical soul force made Xiao Yan lock on the Ice Fire Evil Dragon long ago, and immediately the one chi carrying the flame did not deviate in any way, and hit the Ice Fire Evil Dragon's body with the power of thunder.

"Weng Om!" The Ice Fire Evil Dragon only felt a sudden shock in his body, and a fiery burning sensation on his body made him dazed, but the indestructible blue-brown dragon scales did not have any damage, just a slight dent, Not helpful.

"What a solid defense..." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan frowned. He couldn't break its defense even with the fire of holy flame?

"Hoohoho!" Xiao Yan's attack made the already angry Ice Fire Evil Dragon even more angry, the eyes in the two heads became red, and a **** evil spirit swept out. After a while, the two With his head and mouth wide open, two brown beams of light and an ice-blue beam of light, with two completely different powers, beheaded Xiao Yan aside.

The second beam of light is obviously of water and fire attributes, and its power is extremely turbulent. If it is contaminated by the slightest, I am afraid it will collapse in an instant!

"Tear it!" Xiao Yan didn't have time to retreat, but felt that the second beam of light was coming, and he was isolated and suppressed by its power, unable to move at all.

"Hey!" The second beam of light is like a world-annihilating light. Wherever it goes, the space trembles, and even some unlucky ghosts are contaminated by the second beam of light, turning into ice sculptures, burning people, and miserable voices in an endless stream.

"Xiao Yan, get ready!" At the critical moment, Yao Yixuan's beautiful eyes flickered, and a light voice flashed out with a burst of brilliant rays of light.

The ray of light is like a rainbow, extremely beautiful, but it is filled with a touch of unparalleled soul power. That kind of attack is like a soul attack, but there are slight similarities and differences.

"Okay!"

"No Phase Slash!" Feeling that the fire attribute power on the Ice Fire Evil Dragon greatly reduced his suppression, Xiao Yan's body stabilized again, and the surging power was poured into the ancient ruler.

"Kacha!" I don't know what power, when Yao Yixuan's soul power invaded the flame beam in the two beams of light, the beam of flame was abruptly stuck in the air, only the icy blue beam with The whistling wind blasted towards Xiao Yan aggressively!

"Behead me!" Before he had time to think about Yao Yixuan's actions, Xiao Yan roared angrily, and the invisible energy energy, accompanied by an incomparably hot flame, went towards the ice-blue beam of light.

"Bang bang bang!" The fierce attacks of the two caused a huge wave of hundreds of feet, and after a few breaths, the attacks of the two fell quietly, turning into countless tiny water columns, and finally returned to calm.

"Break me!" Just after the ice-blue light beam was resolved, Xiao Yan ignored the violently tumbling Dou Qi in his body, and directly grasped it into a fist shape, attached to endless flames, and punched the flame beam in the sky with one punch!

"Shabu Shabu!" A fist shattered, and the scorching fire wave filled everyone's heart with a sense of astonishment.

"This human being is so terrifying?"

"No, I'm being careless, it turns out that this group of human beings are trying to get rid of the tiger and leave the mountain!" Just when the Ice Fire Evil Dragon was about to use all its strength, the two heads emitted a faint light, and their heads turned their heads at the same time. Staring at the bottom of the Spiritual Sea!

It seems that someone has entered somewhere!

Where is the most precious treasure in the entire Linghai!

"Where to run!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly when he noticed the strangeness of the ice and fire dragon, raised the ancient ruler, surrounded by flames like a fire **** descended to the earth, and went to fight.

"Hey!" With a sound, the Ice Fire Evil Dragon had no time to control Xiao Yan, but the blue-brown dragon scales on his body were slashed by Xiao Yan, and a trace of pain was transmitted to his head!

"A group of ants, I can't spare you!"

"Wait!" The Ice Fire Evil Dragon roared in the sky, but he ignored Xiao Yan, and he didn't care about the severe pain that spread from his body. His expression was extremely nervous. The skyrocketing, turned out to be swimming towards the depths of the Spirit Sea!

"You guys stay here, I'll go down and have a look!" Xiao Yan changed his body, the flames wrapped his body, and jumped directly into the sea of ​​​​spirits, chasing after the ice and fire evil dragon!

As for the people above Linghai, they were still in fear because the temporary crisis was lifted, but how did the ice and fire evil dragon, so tyrannical that even the powerhouses of the ancient race couldn't solve it with the help of Xiao Yan's hands, became so easy?

Or did the Ice and Fire Evil Dragon do it on purpose?