Chapter Vol 4 1442: Strange boulders!

"While this formation has not yet been fully formed, we must destroy it, otherwise we will all be buried with it." Xiao Yan glanced slowly, and found that the gate of space, which had absorbed the vindictive energy of many fellow disciples, was emitting A mysterious pattern dominated by yellow light appeared!

This appearance is a sign of the release of the power of the formation.

Those lines contained an extremely ancient aura, and even Xiao Yan could feel that they were a deadly threat to the evil races outside the realm, but they also possessed a unique destructive power for Xiao Yan and everyone. All they have is failure.

"Big brother...give me some time." After Yuan Yan finished speaking, the Qiankun Jade Bi in the center of his eyebrows slowly wriggled, and a trace of mysterious power also emerged. Obviously, the Qiankun Jade Bi and this ancient Qiankun Formation have some rare connections. , but even Yuan Yan needs a lot of time.

"Mage, you protect them... I'll take a look!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and was immediately enveloped in fiery red aura, and then walked directly towards the gate of space. At this time of crisis, someone must go to stop it. .

"Weng buzzing!" As he approached the gate of space a few meters away, a fierce aura that made Xiao Yan's scalp tingle exploded.

"Crash!" In an instant, Xiao Yan was flooded with yellow light and disappeared from everyone's sight.

"Where's Xiao Yan?" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Yun Qi's eyes clenched tightly and he said solemnly.

"I'm afraid he was absorbed into his own independent space by the ancient Qiankun formation..."

"Let's go, don't be spread by this yellow light, or you will be sucked into it." After Yuan Hong finished speaking, she directly picked up Yuan Yan with her eyes closed, and then fled around.

"Trust him." Du Qifei said to a few people, and immediately led them away to avoid the yellow light in all directions.

But it is strange to say that wherever this yellow light goes, even those fellow students who lost their power and fell into a coma are swallowed by the yellow power and pour into their space.

"Damn..." Xiao Yan was directly swallowed by the yellow light of the ancient Qiankun formation, and suddenly came to the special space, and couldn't help but scolded.

Boom!

At this time, Xiao Yan was standing in a huge circular formation, surrounded by dozens of huge unknown human-shaped sculptures, but the formation was engraved on the ground, countless hard The stones formed a circle of extremely huge special lines, and even lingered this space.

This special space gave Xiao Yan the first impression that it was heavy, because what was reflected in Xiao Yan's pupils at this time was a special space.

There is no color in the space, only the thick formation under Xiao Yan's feet, like a plain hanging in the sky, and there is only one formation in the plain, and there are tyrannical forces on that formation. The squirming, and even dozens of sculptures with strange power on the edge of the formation, made Xiao Yan become vigilant.

"Boom!" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, a mutation suddenly occurred.

Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and he suddenly saw the formation under his feet suddenly burst out with strange rays of light, and then a destructive aura filled the air.

"Soul power!" Xiao Yan didn't dare to neglect, and directly used his soul power to try to defend.

"Weng buzzing!" The dazzling ancient pattern easily turned into a yellow energy body, and then floated in the air of the formation, staring at Xiao Yan with a fierce aura.

"This formation... is really incomplete!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan slowly calmed down in his heart.

Although the Qiankun Ancient Array has a splendid reputation, even in the great world, it has a lot of prestige, but the Qiankun Ancient Array in front of it has not even reached the replica version, and the strength it exerts is even more than ten. !

"Weng buzzing!" Even so, after the yellow light emerged, it still filled this space with an unusually hot aura, like a powder keg!

"Pfft!" In an instant, the yellow light didn't hesitate at all, with an earth-shattering terrifying momentum, it blasted towards Xiao Yan.

"Fire!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's strength was pushed to the extreme, and circles of flames emerged from his body like a tide.

"Weng buzzing!" The next moment, a lightning-like energy suddenly emerged from the depths of Xiao Yan's body, and then under Xiao Yan's gaze, it easily swallowed the yellow light in front of him.

"This..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning, then stared at the strangely lustrous thing in front of him.

"This stone formation is the legacy of that senior, how can it resonate with the ancient Qiankun formation?"

"And after eroding the power of the Qiankun Ancient Formation, its aura seems to have become more powerful?"

"What's going on?" Following the crisis contact, Xiao Yan suddenly looked at the strange formation in front of him and couldn't help but say.

"It seems that there are a lot of good things in Tianming Mountain Villa..."

"The ancient formation of Qiankun should be stored in Tianming Villa, and your stone formation has a deep connection with the ancient formation of Qiankun. Maybe you can control the formation..."

"The power of the Qiankun Ancient Formation is not something you can imagine... If you can control it, it will also be a great help for you."

"However, inside Tianming Mountain Villa, I am afraid there are foreign evil races." Suddenly, the Lord of Soul Eater spoke softly, and his voice contained a sense of admiration for the ancient Qiankun formation.

"Is this ancient formation really so mysterious?" Xiao Yan was also surprised when he heard the words.

"That's natural."

"The Qiankun Ancient Array is one of the offensive and defensive, and it is tantamount to one of the most tormenting methods for the evil tribes outside the territory."

"But this thing in front of you can't be called the Qiankun Formation, because it doesn't even have one-tenth of the power of the Qiankun Ancient Formation. I'm afraid this is just a test of Tianming Villa for you." The Lord of Soul Eater said. .

"Forget it... Now that it's settled, let's go inside Tianming Villa first."

"The core of the Four Continents Competition, I hope you won't let me down." Xiao Yan also burst into a laugh, and then suddenly put away the formation stone with his palm, and the handprint changed immediately, and the handprint of space shuttle was displayed in a flash.

"Boom!" As the core power of this formation was absorbed by Xiao Yan's formation stone the strange power slowly faded away, and even a trace of colorful light scattered from the door of light. , facing those comatose colleagues.

"This guy... I can't tell that he really has some strength." The next moment, the space slowly wriggled, seeing Xiao Yan's figure coming out, Yuan Hong, who was beside him, couldn't help but say.

She is naturally proficient in the way of the formation, so when the core power of the formation is absorbed, she has already noticed it.

"The formation has been broken, count the number of people."

"After the assembly is complete, enter the Tianming Villa." Xiao Yan said slowly to the people below.

When the words fell, Xiao Yan also fell directly to the ground, regaining his aura, but at this time, Xiao Yan's figure in the eyes of everyone became a stalwart, standing like a giant that lifted the sky!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!