Chapter Vol 4 1891: The pinnacle fighting skills of the holy order, the fire lion is raging! ...

"Xiao Yan?" Looking at the two figures approaching, President Su couldn't help but have a hint of doubt on his face. He looked at Xu Shao in the black robe in front of him. It seemed that the two had just met. An extraordinarily strong smell of gunpowder came to pave the way.

That kind of breath seems to contain the revenge of killing the father!

"The aura on your body still seems to be so disgusting." At this moment, the black-robed Xu Shao slowly got up and said in a playful tone, obviously seeing Xiao Yan's true identity at first sight.

"The aura on your body is still as weak as ever, but I'm a little surprised that the minions of your Soul Palace can actually extend here. It's really bold..." Xiao Yan said coldly, and his voice was also full of chills. meaning.

Xu Shao is a person from the Soul Palace. He is born with the sinister aura of the Soul Palace. Even if Xiao Yan doesn't feel it, he can smell it from a distance of 108,000 miles. The breath is also quite familiar.

After all, Xiao Yan was often on the most wanted list of their Soul Palace.

"What happened to the Star Continent, are you the one who did it?" His eyes froze, Xu Shao stood up immediately, and an invisible oppression permeated. The Star Continent cost them a hall master, but it was a huge loss.

"It's really a pity, Hall Master Huang Hall of Soul Palace." Xiao Yan didn't respond, but opened his mouth, but the meaning in his voice was too obvious.

"It doesn't matter, shrimps like you will turn into dust when you turn your hands, but I have to thank you, otherwise, I will not be able to take the position of the head of the Yellow Hall."

"See you in three days, then I'll make you unable to survive or die!"

"Those things on your body will stay by your side for a while longer." Leaving a gloomy and ruthless remark, Xu Shao's figure also left here like a ghost.

"..." After the blink of an eye, the anger in the lobby eased a little.

"Master Xiao Yan knows this guy?" At this time, the wolf general asked suspiciously.

"It's an old rival, because the two of us are a feud." Xiao Yan shook his head and said, as for what Xiao Yan and the two talked about just now, although President Su and Lang Jiang were suspicious, they did not know about the Star Continent and the Soul Palace. These words were kept in the dark for a while, and they were confused for a while, but now it is naturally easy to be put off by Xiao Yan.

"This Xu Shao seems to be a little scary. The strength of the eight-star Dou Xian in the early stage may be able to walk sideways on the entire Douyun Continent. It seems that after the demon world is dealt with, we must go to find Xun'er as soon as possible, otherwise Xun'er will It's dangerous." Xiao Yan secretly made up his mind to pay attention, and immediately muttered.

"Hehe, Lord Yaoshuai Xiao Yan is really talented and intelligent, and seeing it is better than seeing it." After a while, President Su's piercing eyes flashed with a gleam of light, and he immediately looked at Xiao Yan, not knowing why, When looking at Xiao Yan, a more terrifying aura than Xu Shao filled out.

"It's just a fluke." Xiao Yan naturally knew what this guy meant, and immediately said modestly.

"President Su, take out the evil crystal demon block that Xu Shao needs. I also need this thing." Xiao Yan opened his mouth, obviously something that could be targeted by Xu Shao was not an easy thing.

"Hey, Master Yaoshuai, please allow me to sell it. This thing is quite expensive, and only the head of the Yaoshuai can call it... So please forgive me." President Su said apologetically.

"Where is President Su, but what if I need something else?" Xiao Yan did not pretend to be tough and continued to ask, but changed the subject.

"I don't know what your lord needs?" Seeing Xiao Yan being so easy to talk for a while, President Su also laughed, otherwise the tyrannical attitude like Xu Shao's would make it difficult for him to do it.

"As a fire attribute, I want to borrow the fire attribute fighting skills in the auction house, but I don't know if it's feasible..." With the mentality of not slaughtering white, Xiao Yan's voice became deeper.

"What level of fighting skills do you need?" President Su asked with a frown.

"At the peak of the holy rank, of course it is better to have immortal techniques." When Xiao Yan heard the words, the corners of his mouth laughed.

"Is it the peak of the holy rank of the fire attribute, sir, wait a moment." President Su muttered a few words, and his body slowly retreated, obviously going to search for fighting skills.

The background of the Ten Thousand Demon Nation, coupled with the support of the national treasury, still has a lot of fighting skills at the peak of the Holy Rank, and Xiao Yan is now expensive as the Demon Commander, so naturally he has the qualifications to call and consult.

"Sir... I have something to remind you." No one was around, the wolf general looked around repeatedly and whispered to Xiao Yan.

"But it doesn't matter." Xiao Yan said with some surprise, obviously he couldn't see the thoughts of this wolf general, and there was a hint of delicacy in the roughness.

"There is no right or wrong in the demon world. Everything depends on strength. If you win, Xu Shao's life and death will naturally be determined by you, but if..."

"You know the consequences." The wolf will say slowly.

"I know... so they are all old rivals, and I will naturally handle them here." Xiao Yan smiled lightly, the cold killing intent in his voice was undoubtedly on display!

A Xu Shao at the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals, Xiao Yan has not yet regarded him as a major enemy. Xiao Yan wants to arrest this guy, so as to force him to ask some news about the Soul Palace, and he is probably the new Hall Master of the Yellow Hall today. , the information is more meticulous.

In the initial stage of Eight Star Fighting Immortals, Hall Master Huang Tang, whether in terms of strength or status, is extremely high in the Soul Palace, and after the end of the demon world, it will be the real highlight, the one-hundred-year appointment and Xun'er, so Xiao Yan must make plans early .

"My lord, this is what you need, the holy rank peak fighting skills, the raging fire lion, I wish you a successful victory."

"By the way, there is a word to remind Sir Xiao Yan that Xu Shao took a space-based fighting skill of the peak of the holy rank from me, and the rest cannot be disclosed." After President Su finished speaking, on the palm of his hand, a beautiful The sheepskin scroll stands quietly out The exquisite sheepskin scroll seems to contain a trace of terrifying temperature, fire attribute fighting skills, and fighting skills at the peak of the holy order!

"Thank you two again." Xiao Yan held the scroll in his palm with one hand, and immediately responded to the two with a smile.

"Let's go, there are still three days, three days, will this guy still write any legends?" Wolf General and President Su looked at the passing figure of Xiao Yan and looked at each other.

"I don't know what's going on, I always feel that this guy doesn't seem to be so simple."

"Wait and see." President Su spoke slowly and smiled.

At the same time, for three days, Xu Shao also stayed behind closed doors. He seemed to be studying the space-based fighting skills. As for Xiao Yan, he also stayed behind closed doors. With holy flame and his familiarity with fire attributes, he used the fighting skills. Cultivating it will make its strength more solid. Of course, a real battle will sound slowly.

It's just that the battle situation is now anxious, and the Ten Thousand Demon King is slowly disappearing. It seems that he is going to track down something, and the thing he is tracking is actually related to the foreign evil race and the Demon Suppression Prison in the ancient battlefield!