Chapter 37: 7 Colors of Yuyan Flower Seeds!

In this fiery red world, there seems to be no other creatures other than the Illusory Golden Monster Python leading the way. It is no wonder, after all, the living conditions here are too harsh, if it is not for the Illusory Golden Monster Python, which lives by swallowing magma The alien beasts, other beasts, I am afraid that even the overlord-level beasts with the strength comparable to the strength of the emperor, it is impossible to come and go in this kind of place freely without being affected at all.

Just moments before Xiao Yan was about to plunge into the fiery red lava lake, milky white flames suddenly gushed out of his body, and finally completely wrapped his body in it.

"Pfft..." The Illusory Golden Demon Python's body was projected directly into the molten lava, splashing fiery red lava.

Hearing this sound, Xiao Yan above hurriedly shifted his gaze to the place where the magma fluctuated, but he never saw a half-person figure...

"Where's the person?" Seeing the scene that was almost evaporated in an instant, Xiao Yan couldn't help turning his head and shouted at the Golden Dragon King beside him.

Looking at the lava lake that didn't move at all, the Illusory Gold Monster Python that had just drilled down seemed to be instantly turned into ashes when it came into contact with the lava, and it didn't even let out a scream.

"Follow!" The Golden Dragon King seemed to be thinking about something, and then said to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan also heard the words of the Golden Dragon King, and used his soul power to control the strange fire to surround himself, and without hesitation, jumped directly towards the place where the Illusory Golden Demon Python had just disappeared.

The temperature was really high in the beginning. If Xiao Yan hadn't possessed the physique and body protection that had been tempered by the different fire, he might not have been able to endure it for even a minute!

With his body floating in the fiery magma, Xiao Yan looked at the slowly flowing fiery red magma all over his body with surprise, and a huge bubble slowly emerged beside him. Then, with a loud bang, it exploded, and some magma splashed onto Xiao Yan's face, but in an instant, it was swallowed by the layer of milky white flames.

Xiao Yan followed the route of the Illusory Golden Demon Python for a few minutes, and an independent space appeared!

"Um?"

"There is still another secret in this underground world!"

Xiao Yan stared at the front in surprise.

What appeared in front of Xiao Yan's eyes was not a high temperature like molten lava, but a small, dead world.

The low sound of water droplets and the steps leading to nowhere gave people a feeling of trembling.

The Zijin Monster Python also ran out without looking back, indicating that Xiao Yan seemed to be a fatal threat here.

"Master, this?" Xiao Yan also asked worriedly.

"Let's go, it's here." The Golden Dragon King said to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan carried the Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler on his back, the soul of the Golden Dragon King stood on his shoulders, and the two walked up the steps step by step.

"According to what Yueru said, this should be the crescent moon green fruit." Xiao Yan looked at a fruit tree in front of him, and regardless of the three-seven-two-one, he put all of it in his pocket.

"It's not the most precious thing yet, let's go." King Jinlong said.

Step by step…

Minute after minute...

The pure white light shrouded this gray silence, Xiao Yan looked at it calmly, and even faintly saw, in the pure white light, a pink flower was standing gently.

"Colorful Healing Flowers?" When Xiao Yan glanced at this cyan flower, the Golden Dragon King's voice with great joy suddenly sounded in his heart.

"The colorful and flaming flower, it is rumored that this flower is only born in the purest place between heaven and earth, only people with sincere hearts, and must also have the blood of the angel family, otherwise it cannot be subdued."

"The colorful flowers are divided into seven colors. Legend has it that it is one of the treasures of the angel family. If you master the seven colors, you can live and die. I don't know if it's true." The Golden Dragon King looked at the pink flowers in front of him. road.

"Master, have we found it?" Xiao Yan was also overjoyed when he heard the Golden Dragon King's Way. He didn't expect to find such a precious treasure so easily!

"Hey, right?"

"I didn't expect to meet it here, it's also a kind of fate."

"Sure enough, Qing Yuan was cheaper in the end." A smirk flashed in the Golden Dragon King's eyes.

"Go and take a look?" Xiao Yan also took a deep breath to suppress his inner excitement, and didn't pay much attention to what the Golden Dragon King Patriarch said.

"Let's go, I will help you keep an eye on the changes around you." The Golden Dragon King also said carefully.

As his body got closer and closer to the pure white light, Xiao Yan could clearly feel that the temperature around his body was almost suddenly rising.

He pursed his dry lips, Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, and stepped on the soles of his feet again, his body finally rushed into the shroud of pure white light.

The body entered the pure white light, and the expected blazing heat did not arrive as expected. Instead, the temperature of the whole body dropped a lot, but Xiao Yan's originally depleted fighting qi and even the power of his soul seemed to step into the pure white. Instantly moisturised within the radiant range.

Xiao Yan was also stunned at this somewhat miraculous scene, after a while. ?? When he came back to his senses, his eyes hurriedly swept around, and finally stopped on the pink flower in the center.

It is still a pink flower bone, the flower is divided into seven leaves, and the bottom is also seven cyan leaves and a rhizome that looks as transparent as jade, as if the most perfect sapphire is naturally perfect. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

The whole flower looks crystal clear at a glance, making people feel like they can't put it down.

Xiao Yan also looked closer and closer to this holy flame. The strange fire on his body also illuminated the originally dark space a lot, and a shocking scene appeared.

He didn't pay attention at first, but when the light shone, Xiao Yan realized that next to the flower, the seven green leaves at the bottom were firmly locked by seven chains!

"Master?"

"This?"

Xiao Yan also looked at the seven dark chains with great anger, because he felt a wave of evil power from the seven dark chains. Without the Golden Dragon King saying it, he knew that it must be outside the realm again. The means of the evil race!

"Damn it!" The Golden Dragon King also saw the seven dark chains, and couldn't help but cursed loudly. There is no one who is more ruthless than the Golden Dragon King!

This little pink sapling is suspended in the endless darkness, like duckweed in the sea, drifting everywhere. If it wasn't for the Illusory Golden Monster Python to lead the way this time, with Xiao Yan's ability, it would even be courting death. , it is impossible to find such a relatively small flower in such a huge area...

"Master, what should I do now?" Xiao Yan looked at the strange object in front of him, but he was helpless, and he didn't dare to act recklessly.

Because this is Qingyuan's and even the necessities for himself to conquer the holy flame in the future!

"Since we met, it's your fate."

"This is something you can't find."

"So, let me come." The soul of the Golden Dragon King also said solemnly.

An aura of a giant dragon awakened from ancient times emanated from the Golden Dragon King's body.

​​