Chapter Vol 4 1993: Gu Qingkong's plea!

"Huhu... It's really fun." At the same time, in Xiao Yan's cultivation stone room, Xiao Yan's rather free and easy laughter echoed throughout the stone room.

With the tempering of the Divine Stone Plate, Xiao Yan's spiritual power has suddenly risen to a whole new level, and even Xiao Yan, relying on some vague memories of the Divine Stone Plate, has thoroughly figured out the specific grades of Dou Formation Masters.

The division of Dou Formation Masters, from the lowest to the peak, is divided into eight levels: Congealing Pattern, Formation Formation, Immortal Master, Celestial Master, Earth Master, Emperor Master, and Saint Master.

The previous Xiao Yan's mental strength was at most an entry level, barely able to reach the formation formation, but now Xiao Yan, relying on the tempering of the divine stone plate, successfully stepped into the immortal master.

But don’t underestimate the Immortal Master Rank, the minimum requirement to step into the Immortal Master is to condense 70,000 core inscriptions. Now Xiao Yan can condense 70,000 inscriptions at his fingertips, even because of the increase in spiritual power this time, Xiao Yan himself I don't know where my limits are.

Of course, there is no specific division of spiritual power. Every time it improves, it will be reflected in the number of core inscriptions.

Beyond the Immortal Master, it is the Heavenly Master and the Earth Master, as for the above, it is the so-called Emperor Master.

However, there is a supreme realm that no one can reach in ancient times, and the Great Thousand World calls it a holy teacher.

According to legend, a saint teacher is comparable to millions of elite soldiers and strong generals. With the strength of one person to stop a million soldiers, that kind of strength may have already reached the realm of profound and subtle, even the best in reincarnation. Those who are afraid of it can only temporarily avoid the edge.

"With the help of an immortal master, I am afraid that I will be able to stalemate with the ordinary eight-star fighting immortals. After collecting the core inscriptions of the gods, it should be enough for me to step into the dual masters of heaven and earth. When I reach that level, I am afraid it will be a different look." Xiao Yan cautiously said. He put the divine stone plate and other treasures into his Emperor Flame Ring, and immediately laughed.

"Let's go out." After tidying up a piece of clothing, Xiao Yan stood upright and left directly facing the outside of the cultivation stone room. Because of this retreat, the chances of winning the trip to the ancients were much better.

"Sir, are you out of the customs?" Xiao Yan had just retracted several barrier barriers that he had set up, and a sweet female voice appeared in his ears.

"Well, is there something wrong?" Xiao Yan casually looked around, and found that this woman had red lips and white teeth, and her skin was snow-white, but she was quite timid, and she didn't dare to look directly at herself. Looking at this, it was obvious that he had been waiting for a long time.

"The steward is waiting for you in the center of the city. Let me tell you to hurry up after exiting the customs. It seems that there is something urgent that needs to be discussed with you."

With handsome facial features and a healthy physique formed by years of fighting, Xiao Yan seems to exude a faint masculine aura, which is desirable.

"Understood." Xiao Yan agreed softly, his body squirmed, and went directly to the center of the city. He wanted to see what Gu Qingkong and the others were doing.

After the rest, in the main hall of the city center, it is quite quiet. I think it is the daily rest place of Gu Qingkong and others. At this time, only Gu Qingkong is here alone. But extremely sad.

"Hehe, Brother Xiao Yan, I haven't seen you for a month, and I'm really getting more and more energetic." Gu Qingkong looked at Xiao Yan and seemed to have a layer of aura that he couldn't see through. After retreating for a month, this guy's power is probably back. increased.

"Good luck."

"By the way, Director Gu called me, I don't know what it is?" Xiao Yan said humbly, his eyes slowly looking at Gu Qingkong, even if Gu Qingkong smiled, Xiao Yan could find a rare worry in it. However, what Xiao Yan did not expect was that his seclusion time was so short, how could a month pass?

"Take a step to speak." During the speech, Gu Qingkong's figure moved, and an energy barrier shrouded the two of them. Immediately, Gu Qingkong's smile disappeared instantly, his brows wrinkled, and a dignified expression appeared on his face.

"What happened?" At this moment, Xiao Yan also asked eagerly.

Gu Qingkong and Gu Li should be regarded as people Xiao Yan can trust now. If something happens to them, I am afraid they can only use the most primitive methods...

Break through the core of the ancient world!

However, when he thought of the ancient elders in the core of the ancient world, Xiao Yan had an extremely headache.

With all the things on his body, Xiao Yan's peak combat power should be complete in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal, and it is a bit difficult to deal with the late Eight Star Fighting Immortal, not to mention the reincarnation level.

The middle stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal is complete, but it is only one step away from the later stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal!

Among the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, the gap between each star is like a gulf, which is daunting.

"Gu Li... disappeared." After blinking, Gu Qingkong's eyes flashed with a rare gloom, and he muttered.

"Missing?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"During your retreat, we secretly mobilized people to investigate the location of the ancient prison, and barely found the entrance to the ancient prison, but we were unable to open the entrance and go deep into it."

"I wanted to wait until you left the customs to discuss, but ten days ago, Gu Li disappeared. Even if I searched countless cities, there is no trace of him... Even some traces that I observed about his disappearance seem to be more like It was kidnapped." Gu Qingkong slowly analyzed.

"Eight Star Fighting Immortal's mid-term perfect strength, was hijacked..." Xiao Yan heard the words, only felt a buzzing sound in his head, and there was no good way for a while.

"Gu Guanshi, tell me clearly, what do you need me to do?" After a while, Xiao Yan said solemnly, and there was clearly a solemn decision in his voice.

"I suspect that this is a warning from 'those guys' to us so I want to ask Brother Xiao Yan to investigate and see if we can crack the entrance to the ancient prison and enter it, because of the power of our ancient powerhouses They are completely under their control, and once they make a move, they will be exposed in advance." Seeing Xiao Yan's attitude, Gu Qingkong was not trying to sell anything, his eyes narrowed, staring at Xiao Yan's opening, waiting for Xiao Yan's decision.

"Gu Guanshi just believed in me as an outsider?" Xiao Yan shied away from Gu Qingkong's attention.

There is nothing to offer to welcome the relatives, not a traitor or a thief!

This Gu Qingkong is suddenly so fiery towards himself, I am afraid it is not a good sign, and what Xiao Yan said is trustworthy, is only to compare them with the crowd of other vassal races.

After all, Xiao Yan is still worried that Gu Qingkong will plot against him. This is the ancient world, the territory of the ancient clan. If their previous words were all made up to deceive him, why are they obviously planning to murder himself to obtain holy flame? , Xiao Yan is in danger even if he uses the power of the devil.

"Brother Xiao Yan, I know that you have an extraordinary identity. I am afraid that you came to the ancient clan for the purpose of taking it away, but these are all irrelevant. This is the origin of my soul. The ancient clan has encountered such a great disaster. I implore you to rescue the ancient clan." Looking at Xiao Yan's refusal, on Gu Qingkong's palm, a dazzling group of light danced gently like a miniature villain, and the power contained on it was exactly the same as Gu Qingkong!

The origin of the soul, this is the foundation of a cultivator. Once the origin of the soul is damaged, I am afraid that the body will also fester.

At this moment, Xiao Yan's eyes did not have the original refusal, but an unprecedented dignified expression emerged!

Judging from Gu Qingkong's handwriting, the danger facing the ancients is probably a hundred times more terrifying than he imagined!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: