Chapter 530: The past of 3 water snakes!

"remember…"

"Big brother, you told me the same thing before... But my sister and I were too young and ignorant at the time. It was the care of big brother that made us who we are today."

"Although I have been in this lake all these years, with my elder brother and sister, I live happily every day." Snake Spirit said slightly, not noticing the hollow look in Snake Punishment's pupils at all.

"What happened to these three water snakes?"

"Looking at their appearance, they shouldn't have been arrested here as guards by the mansion master."

"Also, it's strange, why does this soul-devouring talisman seem to be quite hot in the body of the three-headed water spirit snake... It seems that there is something in the body of the three-headed water spirit snake that attracts it?" Xiao Yan whispered.

"No, Lingling, you are wrong, we were not arrested by the owner of this mansion!"

"At the beginning, I was seriously injured by a strong man, and luckily escaped into this desert mountain range, and then I escaped the pursuit of the enemy, but my injury was no longer able to heal, just when I was about to give up, I was like an angel. The voice came to my ears."

"Come here... come here!"

"I didn't know what to do at the time. With my last breath, I passed the stone and came to the top of the desert mountain range..."

"When he first appeared, he came to this pavilion just like this human boy, but the voice calling me came from the bottom of this lake!"

"At that time, I was on the verge of death, and I didn't care so much. I plunged directly into the lake, and then continued to sink in this lake. I don't know how long it took to sink. In short, it was slow. I began to wake up, and then Found the two of you."

"The two of you were still babies at that time..."

"When the two of you were discovered, there was a very terrifying drop of blood beside you!"

"It's strange to say that, although the blood essence is extremely terrifying and contains terrifying power, there seems to be a faint trace of black energy on top of the blood essence!"

"At that time, I didn't care so much, so I devoured the blood essence directly. Then I realized that the drop of blood essence was the blood essence of the legendary three-headed water snake!"

"As for the black qi above the blood essence, it's the terrifying thing that haunts me behind!"

"After swallowing the blood essence, I gave birth to two heads from the first head, but I was really weak at the time, and my mind was eroded by the black energy above the blood essence. I don't know why, the two of you. It actually merged with my other two heads..."

"In other words, the two of you are directly living in my other two snake heads!"

"As for Snake Jade, from the day I met her, she was in a coma. No matter what I did, I couldn't wake her up... But even if she was in a drowsiness, her body and strength continued to grow." Snake Punishment He said slowly, with a very heavy look in his voice.

"Do not!"

"You lied!" At the next moment, there was a faint trace of tears in the eyes of the snake spirit, apparently shocked by the words of the snake torture!

Although I don't know whether the snake torture is true or not, one thing is certain. Although the snake spirit is a part of the three-headed water spirit snake, when the snake torture encounters a crisis or injury, it will not affect the two of them. , this is quite weird!

Because most of the magical beasts are all prosperous, even if it is a three-headed water snake, as long as one of the heads is damaged, it will undoubtedly affect the other two!

"I did not lie to you."

"You two can leave my body at any time, but I don't know how to do it."

"In these years, although the two of you have been absorbing my grudge, but with the mysterious power of this mysterious Hubo, my strength has not decreased but increased, and I am quite happy about that."

"I don't know the background of the two of you, but the two of you are absolutely shocking." Snake Punishment is on the way.

"Impossible!" The snake spirit's tender voice said slowly.

"Lingling, calm down first." Seeing this, Snake Punishment couldn't help but blame himself.

No matter what the two of them said, they saved their own lives in the first place, so how could they treat them like this...

"Are you still my eldest brother?" Snake Spirit said stubbornly, holding back the tears.

"I will always be." Seeing this, Snake Xing couldn't help but warm up and said.

Snake Punishment was originally just a three-star Dou Di-level magical beast. After being attacked by a human powerhouse, he escaped to this desert mountain range by chance. When he died, he encountered the blood of three water-spirited snakes. After swallowing it, his body changed!

But even if it evolves into a three-headed water snake, two completely different evil auras are suddenly born in the depths of the snake torture!

That breath is extremely evil, as chilling as a heinous devil!

Just when Snake Xing couldn't hold on and was about to be assimilated by the other two breaths, the two baby-like crying at the bottom of the lake attracted him!

Immediately, Snake Punishment didn't care so much, so his body exploded, and with his last breath, he went deeper into the lake!

Just came to the bottom of this mysterious lake, two very delicate babies like porcelain dolls were directly at the bottom of the lake, and then the evil black energy of the snake torture body was actually shocked by the crying of these two people at this time. Living!

Immediately, the two babies turned into a meteor and merged into the other two foreheads of the three-headed water snake!

As for the black qi that was attached to the blood of the three-headed water spirit snake at the beginning, it was also suppressed by the sudden aura of the two!

This is why Snake Punishment takes so much care of the two women!

After all, if it wasn't for these two women at the time, I'm afraid the snake punishment would have already fallen, not to mention that the strength has soared to the level of an eight-star fighting emperor.

"Yes." This time, the snake spirit responded slightly, and was thinking about something.

"Boy, isn't this king's past good to hear?" The deep voice of Snake Punishment came from Xiao Yan!

"Come up first." Seeing this, Xiao Yan showed no expression on the surface, but his heart was extremely shocked!

"What happened in this desert mountain range, how could it be invaded by the evil energy so seriously!" Xiao Yan was extremely shocked.

"Alright, it's not good to stay too much in this lake." Seeing this, Snake Xing got up immediately, and then came to the pavilion with the snake jade in his arms.

"You guessed right, this is the place where a powerful person sat in his lifetime."

"This almighty, although his strength is only at the peak of Emperor Dou, but he is a genuine immortal-level pharmacist!" Snake sentence just came to the pavilion, and immediately spoke, obviously seeing some of Xiao Yan's thoughts.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Immortal-level pharmacist?" Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard this!

Although he has gathered all the materials for refining and swallowing the holy flame, he has been unable to break through the ranks of the refining pharmacist!

Xiao Yan also knew that in order to break through the second-rank Emperor Rank Alchemist, he must first break through the soul power!

But the current self is already the soul power at the peak of the emperor's mortal level. If you want to take a step in the world, it is as difficult as reaching the sky!

Ask for tickets!