Chapter Vol 4 2200: Xiao Yan's aura!

The sudden change brought some subtle changes to this unsuspenseful battle.

Not only the attacking western tribe and the others were stunned, but even the people in the southern tribe were shocked at this time. It seemed that they didn't know about all this, and it was far beyond his expectations?

Everyone dared not act rashly, and looked up at the thin figure that appeared above the sky. The power contained in their bodies was unheard of, and the coercion brought by the invisible made the hearts of these fire elf warriors tremble. stand up.

"Humph!"

"Let you be brave!"

Seeing that nothing happened to Xiao Yi, Lina's face felt a little relieved, and she immediately opened her arms and firmly guarded Xiao Yi's body. This kind of action made people see that the relationship between the two was not very good. unusual.

"Hey, Miss, I am now the commander-in-chief of our southern tribe!"

At this time, Xiao Yi was also helpless and could only say with a doting face, but he was also extremely surprised. This sudden scene seemed a little familiar.

"I don't care I don't care!"

Lina is still doing her own way, she pouted and said, this girl's elf aura is more tyrannical than other elf women, although her strength is weak, her status is probably not low!

The thin black shadow came in an instant. As soon as he appeared here, he glanced around indifferently. After he breathed, his eyes stayed on Xiao Yi and the two of them, as if he had some other intention.

"Where do humans come from?"

"Can't you find death?"

The two Eight-Star Fighting Immortal Perfection Spirit Warriors beside the Western Tribe Chief shouted angrily at Xiao Yan. As soon as they finished speaking, they swept away at Xiao Yan with one punch and one kick. The terrifying power actually caused the energy of this world to be faint. Get restless.

"Sir, be careful, these two are eight-star Dou Xian with complete strength..."

Xiao Yi only felt that the man in the black robe in front of him had a very familiar aura. In addition to being blocked by the black robe, he could not determine his true identity, so he could only remind him aloud.

"Pfft!"

Behind Xiao Yan, a violent ghost appeared, his fists clenched into claw marks immediately, amber flames lingered out, and the claw marks waved, directly facing the two elf warriors and carrying them away.

"Crack!" A sound.

The seemingly terrifying blow of the two elf warriors was forcibly grasped by Xiao Yan's amber paw prints and vanished!

"Sisi!"

Even a trace of burning pain remained on the two's cheeks forever.

"Your Excellency, this is the responsibility of my fire elves, and I hope..."

Looking at this scene, the two reincarnation powerhouses beside the chief elder stepped forward, and the warning in their voices was very obvious.

"Wong buzzing!"

The black robe above the black-robed man's body was instantly burnt out by amber flames, and endless anger spread out from the dark eyes.

"Get out of here!"

The flame of holy flame lingered on the fist, and punched the two guys in front of him with one punch.

"Clang clang clang!"

When the two Samsara elders saw this, they shot at the same time and fought with Xiao Yan. The three of them were intertwined like three stubborn stones, but the power that evaporated from Xiao Yan's fists brought countless fierce winds along the way, causing the two The reincarnation elder looked extremely ugly!

If it is just the terrifying power above the fist, it is not difficult for the two elders of reincarnation to deal with it, but the amber flame contained in the fist has just emerged, and the entire void is burned into nothingness, and the terrifying aura contained in it makes people Their hearts were extremely solemn, so the two of them couldn't help being beaten by Xiao Yan.

"Gulu... this guy?"

Seeing that the strange flame and huge divine power actually turned the two Samsara elders around, everyone was surprised.

"You guy, let me find it easy, are you alright?"

After creating an extremely large movement that shocked many strong men in the Western Tribe, Xiao Yan's body quietly retreated, swept towards Xiao Yi's side, slapped him on the shoulder, and the smile on the corner of his mouth was extremely warm.

"you……"

Lina looked at Xiao Yan's actions, but when she saw Xiao Yi, who had always been arrogant, she didn't push away, a doubt appeared on her little face.

"Yo, you kid, you are guarding yourself and stealing."

"This sister-in-law is quite nice."

"Hahaha!"

Lina's small actions naturally could not escape Xiao Yan's perception, and Xiao Yan suddenly burst into laughter.

"Second brother, you!"

Xiao Yi looked blank, but her voice was full of tiredness.

I don't know since when, as long as Xiao Yan is by my side, I will feel very at ease, even if the sky falls, I will not be afraid. Although I am no longer what I used to be, this feeling still exists.

After all, if it weren't for Xiao Yan's various actions, I'm afraid that Xiao Yi today still looks like a fire spirit, and at the time Xiao Yan, Xiao Yi and Long Yi were brothers of each other's age, so there was this scene.

"You guys have a good rest."

"Next, leave it to me."

Xiao Yan smiled casually, his body straddled in front of the two of them, and his confident expression was undoubtedly evident. As for Xiao Yi, he had the protection of his lower body. Unless the old undead monsters in the fire elves family made a move, the reincarnation powerhouse who appeared now , no one can hurt them.

"Ugh... Who is this?"

Being teased by Xiao Yan like this, a rare blush appeared on Lina's pretty face, like a burning cloud, but she was very happy.

"This is my second brother, Xiao Yan."

Xiao Yi scratched her head and grinned. In her voice, there was a smile of relief that she had not seen for a long time.

"Hmph... You still have vision."

Lina pouted and smiled, but her delicate body was still in front of Xiao Yi.

"Second brother, this guy is the chief of the Western Tribe. No matter his status or strength, he is second only to Alice. Be careful."

"His strength has reached the first level of reincarnation After weighing it, Xiao Yi reminded Xiao Yan aloud.

"Leave this guy to me, can other elf warriors be able to deal with it?"

"Of course, I mean that all the hostile elves who attacked your tribe today cannot let anyone go."

Xiao Yan opened his mouth softly, but the anger contained in his voice had already been overwhelmed. These guys disregarded the rules of the fire elves and killed Xiao Yi and others from the southern tribe. Xiao Yan naturally did not intend to let them go easily. them!

"Can!"

Xiao Yi, and the two Samsara elders and others behind them shared the same hatred. Now that Xiao Yan's arrival, they have seen new hope.

"Let's do it!"

"I've heard about the unique flame technique of the fire elves, so let me come and ask for advice today."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the aura around his body rose, the amber flames surging slightly, and the whole body shook violently.

"What?"

"Eight-star Douxian mid-term strength?"

"With this kind of strength, do you learn from others to pretend to be pigs and eat tigers?"

As for the people in the Western tribe, after seeing the exact strength of Xiao Yan's terrifying aura, they were quite surprised!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: