Chapter 276: The soul of the twin ghost emperors!

"No, stop him now, he wants to collect the ghost emperor's soul!"

"I finally killed the twin ghost emperors and made their soul appear. If this soul is lost, another ghost emperor will also be born!" Chang Yu shouted.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After Chang Yu finished speaking, Hu Du, Wu Jiang, and Xiao Yue on the ground also rushed towards the sky.

After Chang Yu finished speaking, he also surrounded Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying behind him. After all, no matter what, these people are the best seedlings in this point grabbing competition, and no mistakes are allowed.

It is strange to say that Mu Yingying's azure flame just now actually followed the attack of the seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouse of the man in black, which made Xiao Yan quite puzzled, but watching Mu Yingying display 9 azure flames I didn't think much about the ups and downs in the future.

Seeing this, the Nine Souls Monument and Chang Yu exchanged glances, then turned towards the man in black with the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, trying to stop it.

"Absolutely can't let him take the ghost emperor's soul away..."

"Otherwise it's going to be a big trouble..." After the Nine Souls Monument finished speaking, the speed soared. Although they had little Dou Qi left in their bodies at this time, they were still seven-star Dou Di powerhouses, and just now, Xiao Yan also gave them some medicinal pills. , The vindictive energy in the body has also recovered a lot.

"Susu!"

"Those who block me..."

"Death!" The black man also said angrily.

The two black people are Youquan and Hongye.

It's just that Youquan didn't find it. After Youquan used the secret method to devour the evil yin at Hanchi, although Youquan's strength soared to the level of a seven-star Dou Emperor, his xinxing was also greatly affected. Murder!

However, Hongye can't manage so much. This is the last step, and you can't give up no matter what!

"Everyone still wait here, so as not to suffer some flesh and blood." Another six-star Dou Di strong man, Hong Ye, a man in black, also said.

"Your Excellency is acting as an enemy of our entire Xuantian Santian, so you are not afraid..." Chang Yu also said slowly.

Although Chang Yu is the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, but his body is sluggish. In addition, although the man in black in front of him is only a Six Star Dou Emperor, he vaguely gives Chang Yu a different feeling, so Chang Yu also has no first place. Start at once.

But the most important thing is that Chang Yu wants to protect Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan, these two rare seedlings cannot tolerate any mistakes.

"You don't need to take Xuan Santian to oppress me, just use people's money to relieve people's disasters." The man in black said slowly.

"But don't worry, as long as you don't move, I won't be difficult for you..."

"After all, I don't have too many obligations to help him." Hongye also said coldly, apparently holding a grudge against his subordinates who had just been swallowed by evil spirits.

When Chang Yu heard the words, he shook his head and didn't say anything. The man in front of him didn't show any signs of making a move, so he simply put his eyes on the explosion in the sky!

At this time, the explosion was nearing its end. I saw that in the center of the explosion, where is the existence of the famous twin ghost emperors and evil spirits!

Looking at it, some are just a group of slightly illusory figures slowly emerging.

"The twin ghost emperors were actually killed by Xiao Yan..." Chang Yu was also surprised.

Obviously, Chang Yu just knew that Xiao Yan's attack must be extraordinary, but the twin ghost emperor Yinxie, who was as powerful as the eighth-rank ghost emperor, was forcibly killed by Xiao Yan!

This is a real kill. Even if Xiao Yan used the power of the three seven-star fighting emperors and killed the twin ghost emperors, it was a real kill.

"This kid is really a monster..." Chang Yu also laughed, obviously Xiao Yan's actions from the beginning to the end were all taken into his heart by Chang Yu, so he was quite appreciated.

"Susu!"

"It seems that we can only go first, otherwise there are many human beings here..." The man in black also said in a low voice, and then without hesitation, the speed suddenly skyrocketed, breaking free from the obstruction of the Nine Soul Monument, and went straight. Towards that illusory figure violently away!

"damn it……"

"If it weren't for the excessive amount of fighting qi in the body, how would I allow a character like you to jump so much in front of me..." The Nine Soul Monument was also angrily said. Compared with people who are weaker than himself, it is inevitable that he will be a little unconvinced.

"Shabu Shabu!" Youquan also ignored the movement of the Nine Soul Monument, and the next moment, he appeared next to the illusory figure, and then his eyes were hidden by the black clothes, revealing a greedy look.

Immediately, when the Nine Souls Monument was stunned, he opened his huge black mouth and suddenly swallowed the illusory figure left by the twin ghost emperors!

"Damn..." At this time, Xiao Yan's pupils also shrank tightly, and then it was slightly inconceivable.

"Master, this ghost world still has this kind of exercise..." Xiao Yan also found that the man in black's devouring method was quite domineering, but more of it was the power of evil.

"This devouring doesn't seem to belong to the ghost world. Maybe this man in black is not a ghost in the ghost world..."

"It's a bit like what humans use..." The Golden Dragon King also said solemnly.

"But I have to say, your kid succeeded."

"What a daring boy." The Golden Dragon King's admiring voice also slowly entered Xiao Yan's mind.

"Hehe." Xiao Yan also laughed when he heard the words. Obviously, the terrifying power brought by the fusion of soul power and spiritual power just now made Xiao Yan quite satisfied, until the last two powers and the perfect combination of the lotus of silence, The power is even better!

At this time, don't look at Xiao Yan's strength in the early stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor, and only give a certain amount of time to condense the lotus of annihilation, even the powerhouse at the peak of the Four-Star Dou Emperor has a battle...

As for the more powerful Five-Star Dou Di Xiao Yan also has the confidence to not fall behind!

This is Xiao Yan's greatest resource!

"But I have to say that this Soul Eater Talisman's restraint on the twin ghost emperors is really powerful. Originally, I only thought of re-injuring the ghost emperors. I didn't expect the power of this Soul Eater Talisman to be so terrifying. It actually killed the twin ghost emperors and destroyed them. The body of the twin ghost emperors was finally found, thus making the soul of the twin ghost emperors sluggish."

"This Soul Eater Talisman is really a good thing." Xiao Yan also grinned.

After consulting with his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan also laughed, and then his eyes suddenly saw Mu Yingying beside him. At this moment, Mu Yingying had a lot of sweat on her forehead, and her breath was also One after another, very unstable.

"Just now..."

"Thank you very much." Xiao Yan also raised his hand, and an extremely gentle flame energy slowly entered Mu Yingying's body.

Seeing this, Mu Yingying also slightly wrinkled her eyes. She hesitated and accepted Xiao Yan's power. After all, it was still a corpse forest, so she couldn't relax.

"It's not worth the effort." Mu Yingying also smiled at Xiao Yan.

"The man in black is going to run away..." Chang Yu's low voice also interrupted the conversation between Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying.

"Let's go!" After Youquan devoured the souls of the twin ghost emperors, the aura in his body also skyrocketed, and two completely different forces spread wildly in his body.

Ask for tickets!