Chapter Vol 4 1375: The tasteless Dragon God 9 changes 2 changes!

"Weng buzzing!" The gray energy was just swallowed by Xiao Yan, and it suddenly turned into pure energy, rushing towards Xiao Yan's limbs and bones. Yan used to practice and even absorb the power of the soul to be more powerful, but Xiao Yan found that if he wanted to completely absorb this energy, he seemed to be missing something.

"With such a strong power of Lei Yuan, I don't know if I can break through it..." Xiao Yan felt a little doubt in his heart, and then he stopped opening his mouth and closed his eyes tightly, trying to absorb this dazzling Lei Yuan. .

After that trace of gray Lei Yuan was swallowed by Xiao Yan, at first there was only a faint trace of power.

"Boom boom boom!" But with the passage of time, a sudden sound of thunder continued to diffuse out of Xiao Yan's body. At the end, it actually reverberated in the entire gray lake, with a mighty and appalling sound.

It was only now that Xiao Yan understood that refining Lei Yuan was only the first step, and only by resisting the attack of this thunder force could he completely absorb all the power of this Lei Yuan.

"The power of thunder, which contains the power of the Thunder Lord, is really tyrannical." Xiao Yan couldn't help but have a hint of doubt in his heart. Obviously, a powerhouse of the level of the Thunder Lord, even if it has a slight contamination with her power, is worth the same. will skyrocket several times.

"It's not that easy to absorb these thunder elements. Although you have refined Lei Yuan's spiritual wisdom and devoured it, if you can't absorb these thunder powers, you will only end in failure..." The Soul Lord looked at Xiao Yan like this and couldn't help but say.

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Xiao Yan noticed that Lei Yuan, which had already been swallowed up, made a sudden change, and suddenly in the gray lake, one after another huge gray thunderbolts abruptly appeared, and then suddenly tore apart. Breaking through the sky, piercing the void, attacking Xiao Yan,

"So strong?" Xiao Yan was horrified, and at the same time there was an abnormality in it. With this terrifying power of thunder, even Xiao Yan at this time could not dodge, and could only watch it attacking him. body.

"The power of holy flame!"

"The first change of the Dragon God!" Xiao Yan did not dare to neglect, and called directly.

"Hush!" A low and muffled thunder sounded continuously, and Xiao Yan's body was still unable to resist the thunder's attack, and he shot back faintly towards the rear.

"The power of thunder under the control of the thunder master is the first person in the world of thunder, so it is not so easy to devour her power."

"You must withstand the baptism of this thunder, otherwise everything can only end in failure."

"And I have to say that although the power of thunder is tyrannical, it is related to whether you will be able to cultivate the eligibility of the Thunder Emperor scripture in the future."

"The Holy Code of Thunder Emperor will suddenly appear in your mind after forging Qifei's complete reincarnation, and the power of thunder is the foundation of cultivation." The Lord of Soul Eater spoke slowly, obviously he couldn't help either. Xiao Yan what?

"It's really not easy..." Xiao Yan suddenly raised his head and looked at the gray thunder in the sky, which was getting brighter and brighter. The next power of thunder, is it still good?

But if you think about it carefully, for the sake of the Lei Di Canon, you can only grit your teeth and persevere.

"Crash!" Just as Xiao Yan was thinking, the gray thunder in the sky, a thousand-meter thunder suddenly howled down, like a ferocious thunder beast, bursting with an unrivaled vicious aura.

"Damn!" Xiao Yan's face was ashen, and the dazzling vindictiveness and holy flames continued to emerge, but it was still useless. The power of the thousand-foot thunder fell on his body, and when the thunder sounded, a stream of scarlet Blood is also pouring out.

"Crash!" Before Xiao Yan had time to feel it, a thunderbolt of thousands of meters suddenly came, and the next moment, Xiao Yan was scorched black by the power of so many thunders, and he was quite embarrassed.

Although he was extremely embarrassed to be attacked by the power of thunder, every time Xiao Yan resisted the attack of the power of thunder, the gray thunder element in his body would also absorb one point. The light is also looming, and even the breath has become tyrannical!

"Golden light?"

"Is this a sign of the second transformation of the Dragon God?" Xiao Yan felt the mutation on his body, and couldn't help but chuckle. Because the cultivation of the second transformation of the Dragon God did not record what heaven and earth wonders were needed, so Xiao Yan was also extremely puzzled.

"Crash!" At the next moment, the power of thunder continued to attack Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan did not appear in a state of embarrassment, but on his body, golden rays of light continued to emerge, even above the golden rays of light. , vaguely contains a rebellious dragon roar.

"Hoohoho!" The seemingly tyrannical power of thunder was actually instantly repulsed by the faint golden dragon roar on Xiao Yan's body. It seemed that there was still some gap between the strength of the Thunder Lord and that of the Golden Dragon King.

"This is... the breath of the dragon race?"

"How is that possible?" Exclaimed by Lei Zhu, who was constantly trying to stabilize the reincarnation fluctuations in Du Qifei's body.

"The Second Transformation of the Dragon God!"

"Longwei!" The next moment, the golden light on Xiao Yan's body suddenly filled with the sound of a dragon roar resounding throughout the lake.

"What a tasteless second change..." Xiao Yan was stunned at first, then looked helpless, the second change of feelings for the Dragon God was too tasteless.

The first transformation of the Dragon God gave Xiao Yan extremely tyrannical physical strength. Under the tempering of the first transformation of the Dragon God, Xiao Yan's physical strength was more tyrannical than that of the powerhouses of the same level, even after the first transformation, It can greatly increase Xiao Yan's physical strength...

But the second change of the Dragon God was a power called Longwei.

After performing the second transformation of the Dragon God, it can give Xiao Yan an aura that does not belong to the supreme power of the dragon family like the Golden Dragon King. This aura is a deadly threat to all beasts with the blood of the dragon family~www.mtlnovel. com~ But for the current Xiao Yan, it is too tasteless.

"never mind."

"Since the second transformation of the Dragon God has broken through, the third transformation will not be difficult in the future." Although he was extremely dissatisfied with the second transformation, Xiao Yan nodded secretly.

"Wait... This is..." At the next moment, Xiao Yan was just about to withdraw his energy, but unexpectedly, the dazzling Lei Yuan was directly strung into his body, and all the remaining power, in a kind of Terrible speed, frantically irrigating the fire attribute bucket core.

And being irrigated like this, the grudge in Xiao Yan's body suddenly and suddenly soared!

"Two Star Fighting Immortals is complete..." About an hour later, Xiao Yan's mouth also smiled strangely, and a powerful force from the origin slowly filled his entire body.

Until now, Xiao Yan's absorption of Lei Yuan has also ended completely by completing the second transformation of the Dragon God and raising his strength to the perfect strength of a two-star fighting immortal!

Mobile version update fastest URL: