Chapter Vol 4 956: Borrow Holy Flame!

"Xiao Mu, let this immortal die!" With a roar, the dazzling power of fighting immortals surrounding Feng Zhen suddenly burst out, attacking the Golden Dragon King and Xiao Mu.

"Tiny worm-carving trick!" Golden Xiao Yan cast a calm glance, and the golden light rushed out instantly.

"Boom boom boom!" The two powers were just intertwined, and a fiery wave of fire suddenly exploded, greatly raising the temperature of this forest of death.

Looking at this simple fight, it was evenly matched, but the Golden Dragon King knew that he had the disadvantage.

"Sure enough, his strength has not recovered yet, and he was actually bullied by a junior." Golden Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Soul body?" After a short fight, Feng Zhen also knew that the strength of the boy in front of him was only the Seven-Star Dou Di. The reason why his strength had skyrocketed to the current Two-Star Dou Xian was naturally because of a powerful soul force.

"Such a powerful soul body, I'm afraid the strength during his lifetime was very terrifying, if I can get it..." Feng Zhen also laughed maliciously.

"Golden Dragon King, you can't go on like this."

"This guy's strength is too strong, you and I are both injured, I'm afraid there will be an accident." Xiao Mu, who was on the side, sensed the state of the wind shock, without the slightest influence, and immediately spoke.

His escape was pinned on high hopes. If he was taken back by Feng Zhen, I am afraid that waiting for their Xiao clan would be truly doomed, so no matter what, Xiao Mu could not be taken back by Feng Zhen.

"Then what should we do?" The Golden Dragon King looked at Feng Zhen vigilantly to prevent this guy from suddenly making a move, and said slowly.

At first, Xiao Mu only felt the power of the Golden Dragon King, but at this time, seeing the appearance of Xiao Yan, who was living in the Golden Dragon King, he couldn't help but say.

"Is this little guy the bloodline of our Xiao clan in the lower planes? He looks quite similar to me when I was young..."

"And he seems to have an aura that I am very familiar with." Xiao Mu murmured while staring at the golden Xiao Yan.

"Familiar breath?" The Golden Dragon King also spoke when he heard the words, obviously thinking of something.

"Holy Flame!"

"I said that the name Xiao Mu is somewhat familiar. It turns out that he was the previous owner of Huoxin Tianyan, and he was also the admirer of Cang Key in the Jiaoyue Ruins." At this time, Xiao Yan was hiding in his soul realm. Naturally, I understand why the original Huoxin Tianyan was restless.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Senior, Fire Heart Tianyan is in my body." Xiao Yan directly spoke to Xiao Mutong with his soul power.

"Sure enough."

"In this case, it's easy to handle." Xiao Mu felt relieved when he heard the words.

"Ancestor?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask, obviously not knowing what Xiao Mu was going to do.

"Boy, can you lend me your holy flame?" After a while, Xiao Mu said.

"Borrowing holy flames?"

"The holy flame has already been swallowed by me, can I borrow it?" Xiao Yan heard the words and became disbelieving.

Since ancient times, I have never heard of the use of holy flame, so I was extremely surprised.

"Don't worry, this won't have any effect on you, and since I was born as the last Lord of Saint Flame, there are naturally some ways to do it." Seeming to see Xiao Yan's worries, Xiao Mu said directly.

"It's all based on the ancestors." Xiao Yan heard the words and said.

As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan, who was hiding in the soul realm, directly mobilized his soul power, and then a fiery red crystal poured out and swept towards Xiao Mu!

"What!" Feng Zhen was worthy of his extraordinary eyesight and found this hidden scene, but fortunately, Xiao Yan's huge soul power and the power of the Golden Dragon King perfectly covered the aura of Sheng Yan, Feng Zhen did not It was found that it was Saint Flame Crystal.

Sheng Yanjing just poured into Xiao Mu's hands, and suddenly a familiar feeling emerged, and even Xiao Mu's injured body quickly recovered.

"Old man, long time no see."

"It was indeed right to leave you to guard the evil race outside the realm." After feeling it for a while, he realized that the Holy Flame Spirit inside had disappeared, Xiao Mu laughed, and then directly urged the Holy Flame Crystal.

Xiao Mu has mastered the Fire Heart Tianyan for decades, and naturally he has feelings for the Holy Flame Spirit residing in it, so he can't kill the killer for a long time, so he separated the Holy Flame and suppressed the evil tribes outside the territory, trying to pass the long time. Holy flame's rage.

The golden Xiao Yan was confronting Feng Zhen, diverting his attention, but Xiao Yan, who was hiding in his soul realm, was quite surprised.

"The Boundary Lord has explained it before. If he encounters an accomplice who came to rescue the Xiao family, he will kill them together. Unexpectedly, it is really not what the Boundary Lord expected." Feng Zhen's mouth moved slightly and then said.

"Killed together?"

"Joke!"

"This king can also be obliterated by a small shrimp like you?" When the Golden Dragon King heard this, a dazzling golden light suddenly appeared, and then the figure swept away, facing Feng Zhen.

"Although I don't know where you are sacred, but at this time you are just a soul body. When I capture you, I will make you unable to survive or die."

"Hahaha!" The laughter fell to the ground, and Feng Zhen's whole body had soared to the limit because of the speed, and there was a trace of phantom.

"It's almost time, we must fight quickly, or else the powerhouses on this land will be disturbed and the secrets of the Xiao clan leak out, which will be troublesome." Feng Zhen flashed a thought in his heart, and then without hesitation, he directly faced Jinlong. The king launched an attack.

"Hand of the Heavens!" A soft hum, with extremely strong destructive power, suddenly came out of the vanishing Feng Zhen's mouth.

"Dragon body!" The Golden Dragon King originally wanted to attack, but when he thought that this was Xiao Yan's body, he hesitated and had to mobilize the golden light to defend.

Just as the voice of the Golden Dragon King fell, layers of golden dragon scales suddenly appeared on the surface of his body!

The dense dragon scales covered Xiao Yan's body tightly.

On Feng Zhen's palm, a hundred-zhang-sized silver energy palm directly attacked. With such a terrifying attack, I am afraid that some ordinary two-star fighting immortals could be instantly killed!

"Boom boom boom!" Above the densely packed dragon scales, layers of tiny cracks continued to emerge, but no matter how strong the attack of Feng Zhen was, the dragon scales were never completely broken.

"Pick me up!"

"Dragon God Claw!" Just when the power of the two was about to reach the limit, a mad laugh burst out from the mouth of the Golden Dragon King. At the same time, a dragon claw with a size of three feet suddenly appeared on the palm!

Above the dragon claw, there is a terrifying power gathered, and a claw is volleyed against the wind on the side!

At that time, the space in front of Feng Zhen collapsed instantly, and even the spiritual energy of heaven and earth became stagnant!

"I didn't expect it to be the king of the dragon clan."

"Jin...Golden Dragon King?" At this moment, in the face of such a tyrannical blow from the Golden Dragon King, Feng Zhen did not dodge or evade, but instead his pupils were filled with ecstasy, and a crazy thought emerged from his mind. Born in!

Golden Dragon King!

The king of dragons!

If he devoured this guy's soul, I'm afraid his strength would be able to jump to the second level or even more!

The fourth watch is still out. The cold code word is all over my body. I'm going to go to bed. I wish everyone a happy New Year's Eve. See you next year!

After thinking about it, tomorrow will be the third watch