Chapter 74: Master of the Ruins!

Just after Su Xueying's words fell, Xiao Yan also looked at Su Xueying and the skeleton on the throne with narrowed eyes.

"Boom boom boom!"

Su Xueying raised her jade hand slightly, and the blue flames attacked the skeleton of the throne!

Even if the power of the terrifying blue holy flame was burning the entire throne skeleton, the skeleton would remain motionless!

"A mere stumbling block, break it!"

When Su Xueying saw this, a ray of light suddenly flashed on the jade ring, and then a delicate jade bottle appeared in her hand.

In the jade bottle, a drop of unknown liquid was beating slowly, and then, with Su Xueying's soft drink, the jade bottle shattered, and the liquid inside flew towards the skeleton of the throne!

"This woman is really smart, but now there's a good show to watch."

However, just as the Golden Dragon King's voice fell, a slightly playful voice suddenly sounded in the empty stone hall, which shocked Xiao Yan and Su Xueying, and hurriedly cast their gazes over, only to see the sarcophagus. Above the gravel throne, a little red light floated up, and finally turned into an illusory figure, smilingly looking at Xiao Yan and the two.

The whole body of light and shadow is illusory, obviously not real, and this light and shadow looks about middle-aged, very young, with a smooth face and elegant temperament.

"Did it appear?"

Seeing this person who suddenly appeared, Su Xueying frowned slightly, and she couldn't help but echoed the trace of strangeness in her body just now and said in a deep, angry voice.

"Hehe, you are a fierce woman. You smashed my lover's skeleton and the sarcophagus to pieces, and you have an opinion on me." The elegant man who just appeared turned his head and glanced at the coffin under the throne and couldn't help but smile and said.

Hearing this, both Xiao Yan and Su Xueying's expressions changed: "Is this the master of the tomb?"

"Hehe, don't be nervous, it's true that I'm dead. This is just a remnant of the soul left, and it's still sealed inside the skeleton. If you don't use your strength to resonate, I can't show up." The elegant man smiled. road.

"Shameless, thanks to you being a senior, you actually used such despicable methods!" Su Xueying gritted her silver teeth, and there was anger in her clear moo. Obviously there is a trace of hostility towards the yin and yang matter just now.

"The matter of men and women is in line with the theory of yin and yang of heaven and earth, so why is it shameless to say that as long as the two love each other and complement each other's cultivation, wouldn't it be better?" said the elegant man.

"Full of nonsense." Su Xueying said.

"However, it seems to me that the yin and yang forces in your body are a little unbalanced, and this wastes the good fortune I gave you." The elegant man smiled slowly. With the strength of the elegant man, it is natural to see something wrong in the two people's bodies at first sight.

"You kid, looking at the power of flame and soul, you should be an alchemist with a high rank, right?"

"It's no wonder that you can break my dead end. The yin and yang heart was originally for the beauty of an adult. You are so good..." The elegant man also stared at Xiao Yan carefully.

Even if he was stared at by such a trace of remnant soul, Xiao Yan couldn't help trembling. The peak powerhouse of the Seven Star Dou Di was indeed well-deserved!

When Su Xueying heard that the elegant man in front of her was looking at Xiao Yan like this, she couldn't help but look at Xiao Yan again. An alchemist who can be called a high-ranking pharmacist by the peak of the Seven Star Dou Emperor must be extremely powerful. .

"But it's okay, since it's my inheritance, it's naturally a fate."

"Originally, this hall is just a way to store yin and yang hearts. Since the yin and yang hearts have been taken, this place is useless. Come with me, the two of you."

"Go to the real main room." The elegant man waved his hand, and a passage appeared in the space in front of him.

A strange smile appeared on the elegant man's face, and his eyes swept across Xiao Yan and Su Xueying.

Xiao Yan's face was full of weird expressions, this guy... is there something wrong with his brain?

"What do you want to do?" Hearing his words, Su Xueying's eyes were slightly cold, and there was a hint of coldness in her clear voice.

"If you destroy the bones of my lover, I will destroy you as well, but since you can get the yin and yang heart, it is considered a destiny. I can see some clues from you. I think you also need blood essence, right? So I Be the beauty of an adult."

"Come with me if you want blood essence," said the elegant man.

Su Xueying snorted coldly. Obviously, there was no accident. It was inevitable that her secrets would be seen by the owner of the ruins.

Then Xiao Yan and Su Xueying also looked at each other and immediately followed.

Just after breaking through the passage, what appeared in front of the two of them was a black cave. Inside the cave, there was a dark and narrow road leading to nowhere. The elegant man was slowly looking at the two of them from the front.

Looking around, the black hole was completely dark, and there was only one road in front of them.

"Let's go." The elegant man was also leading the way.

When Xiao Yan and Su Xueying heard it, they thought for a while and followed up. Since they have come to this last step, they can't back down any longer.

Walking in the quiet and dark cave, a faint chill lingered all over the body. In the quiet passage, there were only the slight footsteps of the two of them.

The dark surroundings made Su Xueying hug each other involuntarily. She raised her head and looked at Xiao Yan who was walking slowly in front of him Qinglian also retracted her acceptance ring, she hesitated slightly. , then took a few steps quickly and followed closely behind him. In this unknown bad situation, only the young man in front of her could make her feel a little more secure.

After walking in such a quiet atmosphere for more than ten minutes, just when Su Xueying couldn't stand the darkness that was so quiet that it could make people mad, the heavy-footed boy in front suddenly stopped.

"Here we are, this is where the blood essence is." The elegant man said slowly, feeling as if a student who was studying abroad had returned home.

"Boom boom boom!"

The elegant man walked towards the Shimen with all his vindictiveness. The Shimen trembled and then burst open.

Just as the stone gate was opened, the fragrance of flowers soaring to the sky spread out, and then Xiao Yan was as if he had seen the most delicious food.

"Wanlingzhi, Huohuiguo..." Several precious medicinal materials that were rarely seen by the outside world appeared in front of Xiao Yan's eyes. For a high-level pharmacist, nothing was more exciting than precious medicinal materials, because Even a high-level pharmacist, without medicinal materials, it is difficult for a clever woman to cook without rice.

Su Xueying also swept over the herbs on the ground with her beautiful eyes, and then lifted her jade-like neck to reveal a seductive collarbone, losing her voice.

"Emperor's blood essence, I have found you!"

Xiao Yan also turned his head to look inside the Shimen under Su Xueying's loss of voice, and slowly surrounded a few drops of blood-red blood on the skeleton's palm in mid-air, because he also felt an unprecedented pressure from there!

"That's all I can bring. I hope you two little guys have good luck." After the elegant man said this, he completely turned into a small group of light like broken glass and disappeared in this world.