Chapter 282: The Xuanling King and the Snake People are in conflict!

The people on the ground are also constantly choosing the sect that suits them. Until this time, the number of people on the ground is only two digits, but there is no doubt that the people who stay are the best among the elites.

Looking at the sky, many sects have a lot of seedlings. Among them, the Xuanling Royal Family and Pill Valley have the largest number. After all, one of the two is the alchemist who surrounds Xuan Santian, and the other is the huge pharmacist. Financial resources, the number of people is reasonable.

It's just that behind Chang Yu of Fenxiang Pavilion, there are only a few disciples to join.

Counting carefully, there are only five people!

You must know that other sects have at least as many as two digits at this time...

"Hehe, Deputy Pavilion Master Chang Yu, it seems that your Fenxiang Pavilion will not be able to break the number of disciples this year." Solomon's strong man also slowly said to Chang Yu, and after speaking, the people behind him also burst into laughter. stand up.

With the appearance of laughter, some doubts flashed in the eyes of the people behind Chang Yu, obviously thinking about whether to switch to it.

"Enough!" Chang Yu also said angrily!

With Chang Yu's anger, Solomon's strong man was not provocative.

Xiao Yan's huge soul power on the ground also discovered this scene, and immediately muttered: "It seems that this Burning Incense Pavilion is weak, and its relationship with Solomon and the Xuanling Royal Family is not very harmonious..."

The number on the ground is also rapidly decreasing, but Xiao Yan and the others are not impatient at all. After all, it is only a matter of time.

"I'll join the Fenxiang Pavilion." It was Luo Guang, a late-stage Four-Star Dou Emperor who was famous for his amazing defense.

Chang Yu was also quite happy when he heard the words. After all, in the battle in the Infernal Corpse Forest, Chang Yu remembered very clearly that Luo Guang's defensive power was extremely amazing!

Don't look at Luo Guang's strength in the late stage of the four-star Dou Emperor at this time, the defensive power that even the five-star Dou Emperor displayed could not be cracked in a short period of time. This is indeed a forged material.

"Okay, okay!" Chang Yu also said three good things in a row. Obviously, the addition of Luo Guang made his unhappy mood a lot brighter.

"Haha, although Burning Incense Pavilion is good, it's not suitable for you."

"I see that your fighting qi attribute is earth, and your defensive power will definitely be astonishing. It is better to join the Ancient Desolate Temple." Solomon's strong man also spoke slowly.

"You Solomon are interfering too much. Which sect to join is their freedom!" Chang Yu also said angrily.

"Haha, that said, but I'm just telling the truth."

"Chang Yu, deputy pavilion master, don't get angry, your body is important." Solomon's strong man also snorted coldly, but the targeting of Chang Yu in his eyes did not weaken at all.

"The junior thanked the senior, but still decided to join the Fenxiang Pavilion." The fat man Luo Guang also smiled honestly, and then without hesitation, he went behind Chang Yu.

When Luo Guang was in the corpse forest before, he teamed up with the second place. He was in charge of defense, and the woman in second place was in charge of offense. Therefore, the points of the two were also quite rich, ranking second and third. .

With the addition of Luo Guang, the power of Fenxiang Pavilion has also grown stronger, because Luo Guang's talent is quite powerful, and over time, he will definitely achieve great things.

A woman surrounded by snakes in her hands also slowly stepped forward, and then bit her lip slightly, obviously hating Solomon and King Xuanling in the sky...

Or fear!

The moment the woman appeared, the somewhat lazy eyes of King Xuanling moved slightly in the sky, and then stared at the woman, his face covered in surprise!

"I'll join the Burning Incense Pavilion." The woman said lightly.

The woman's name is Green Flute. She is a late stage four-star Dou Di, the one who had been chasing Xiao Yan in the corpse forest before.

At the moment when the green flute appeared, Xiao Yan also felt a slight movement in the blood in his body.

This kind of movement is extremely small, if it weren't for Xiao Yan's huge soul power, he would definitely not have discovered it.

With such fluctuations, it looks like a clan!

Xiao Yan also frowned, pondering.

The power of blood in his body is already the purest blood of the Xiao family. As for the previous Taixu Gulong and other blood powers, it was already expelled when the ancestors of the Heavenly Tomb exchanged blood for him.

So if it fluctuates like this...

"Could it be Cailin..." Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, and then said slightly surprised.

Xiao Yan and Cai Lin are already married, so it is not surprising that Xiao Yan has a trace of Medusa's blood in his body.

As for such fluctuations, it is definitely Medusa.

"Color scales..."

"Are you here..." Xiao Yan's face also sank, and then he looked at the green flute.

"Isn't your Burning Incense Pavilion a one-handed woman?" The strong Solomon also continued to ask for trouble.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe, that was in the past, can't you accept it now?"

"Furthermore, whether I accept female disciples at Fenxiang Pavilion has nothing to do with you." Chang Yu also fought back viciously.

"Haha." Solomon's strong man also suffered a dumb loss, and then he didn't speak, but the pupil of King Xuanling around him burst into anger.

As he said that, he looked at it, and it was the woman named Green Flute on the ground!

"Okay, come up." Chang Yu also smiled.

This green flute is a woman with good strength, and being in the top ten in this point grabbing competition also shows her strength.

"Hold on." There was a bit of blood in King Xuanling's pupils, and a faint murderous intent also spread.

"King Xuanling has you and advice?" Chang Yu's expression was also solemn, and then a breath was released, resisting King Xuanling's terrifying aura.

"You belong to the desert Medusa in the eastern part of the Mysterious Spirit Continent, right?"

"What are the intentions of the sect that mixed into our human beings!"

"Say!"

"Do not say……"

"Death!" With King Xuanling's terrifying voice appearing the strength of the terrifying Nine Star Dou Emperor is also undoubtedly demonstrated.

At this time, the strong sects in the sky were also contemplative, but they were still noticed by the Xuanling King.

Everyone knows that the Xuanling royal family has been disturbed by the Medusa snake people in the east of Xuanling.

Now this Medusa clan still dares to come to participate in the points looting competition, trying to join the sect!

Isn't this provoking the dignity of the Xuanling King!

How could the Xuanling King, who is at the level of the Nine Star Dou Emperor, tolerate it!

"Cough, cough..." Green Flute was also weakened by this sudden momentum, and the fighting qi in her body was solidified.

"It's true that I belong to the line of Medusa, but who said that I can't join the human sect?"

"May I ask who ordered this?" Green Flute said stubbornly.

Although Green Flute is also in the line of Medusa, she was adopted by humans since she was a child, so she can be regarded as a human, but her essence is still Medusa.

"I didn't mention the rule that snake people can't join the sect..."

"But since it's here..."

"Then die." King Xuanling said slowly, but in his voice, an unquestionable pressure spread instantly.

Ask for tickets!

The Luo Guang people who have been introduced here all have a role in the back, so they are introduced in such a detailed manner, and they are not role-playing roles.