Chapter Vol 4 1250: Immortal rank 3 soul core

"I don't know what your little friend needs?"

"Our Yuzong also has some background in Yecheng, and we should be able to give our little friends enough rewards." Yu Tianyue laughed.

Yu Tianyue himself was vaguely afraid of the ferocity of the power of space in the space teleportation formation, and Xiao Yan, as an alchemist, cultivated the power of the soul, and naturally knew the horror of the power of space better than them, so no matter what. Whatever Xiao Yan needs for export, Yu Tianyue will try his best to satisfy it.

"I don't want much. Sect Master Yu takes a look at these herbs. If there are any in the sect, I will take any of them. If the other sect master agrees, I am willing to exchange them for equivalent items." Xiao Yan laughed, then immediately He walked over directly, and wrote five medicinal herbs in the pen and ink in the hall.

"Heart-suppressing grass, blood lotus leaf, withered pulp, immortal rank third-grade soul core, ten thousand years mysterious ice." The five medicinal materials were written on the piece of paper by Xiao Yan in one go.

"Tsk tsk, these things, even in my whole life experience, I have never heard of several..." Yu Tianyue picked up the piece of paper and couldn't help but be surprised.

The five medicinal materials above, even if they are any one, are priceless and invaluable. Even with Yu Tianyue's experience, he has only seen the two above.

"I hope Sect Master Yu can help you a lot." Xiao Yan said, but Xiao Yan was extremely smart, and he deliberately wrote more two herbs to confuse their sight. Some kind of connection among them is tantamount to causing trouble.

"Little friend, you're not opening your mouth like a lion..." Yu Tianyue looked at the five medicinal herbs and said.

"Sect Master Yu, I believe that you are aware of the dangers of the power of space, but I can guarantee that the power of space will not hinder you in any way to repair the space formation." Xiao Yan smiled, obviously he must give this guy a reassurance. Otherwise the guy won't do his best to help himself.

"Hey, what is Xiao Yan's little friend saying, I'm relieved to have your words." Yu Tianyue said with a smile.

"Come here, collect all the shops in Yecheng for me. Once you find these five medicinal materials, you will buy them back for me at all costs."

"In addition, I instructed the eldest and the second lady to go to our Yuzong warehouse to see if there are any of these medicinal materials."

"If there is, take it directly." Yu Tianyue said.

"Yes!" The guard heard the words, took the piece of paper from his hand, and went down to work.

However, this guard is still a little puzzled. The warehouse of the Rain Sect has gathered a lot of treasures. Now Xiao Yan is worthy of the sect master to open the warehouse for him, which is enough to show what shocking conditions Xiao Yan has set. The old fox would not be so willing.

On the other side, Kuyezhai.

"Thank you, Lord Zhai, for saving your life." In the hall, several figures slowly appeared here.

"Third Elder, you have worked hard for so many years, and now it's the last moment, and it's time for you to work for Kuye Zhai." Ye Ku sat in the first place and spoke slowly.

These three elders were people who were caught by Kuyezhai. They took advantage of the trouble in Yuzong's mansion to attract attention, and secretly rescued them. At this time in Yuzong's cage, Fang was just a ghost.

It's just that in this hall, in addition to the third elder's Ye Ku, there is also a mysterious guy.

That guy was covered in black clothes and covered his body tightly, but the gloomy and eerie ghostly aura that came out invisibly was vaguely stronger than the third elder.

"What are your plans?" After a while, the man in black spoke slowly.

"This guy, just talking makes me feel frightened. How sacred is this?" The third elder couldn't help but said slightly in his heart.

"Hehe, sir, don't be in a hurry, wait until Yuzong's people enter the space teleportation formation to repair the formation, and we will go to the formation to kill them all." Ye Kupai said with a smile.

"But Master Zhai, the space teleportation formation is managed by them, how do we enter?" The third elder asked with some doubts.

"The space teleportation formation has been managed by us Kuyezhai for so many years. Let them take precautions. We do a little bit, but it's not enough to enter and exit freely..." Ye Ku smiled slightly, and his smile was full of treacherousness.

"I only need their souls, and I don't care about the rest." The man in black said coldly, and then disappeared here.

"Master Zhai, that was just now..." Seeing the man in black disappear, the depression gradually disappeared, the third elder couldn't help asking.

"Remember, don't ask what you shouldn't ask." Ye Ku said.

"That subordinate has retired." The third elder also nodded secretly, and then stepped back directly.

"Yuzong."

"Do you really think that you, a foreign sect, can compare to our native local forces?"

"Wait, with the help of 'that force', when you repair the space teleportation, it will be the day when your Rain Sect will perish." A gloomy voice slowly came from the hall.

Yuzong Mansion.

"Strange, how could my father let us open the sect warehouse..."

"There are a lot of treasures in this sect warehouse..." Yu Wei said softly.

"It should be Xiao Yan's soul power." Yu Ran was sensitive by nature and vaguely sensed something.

"These five medicinal materials, our Yuzong only has the soul core of the third rank of immortal rank now, and even this thing almost killed my father back then. If it wasn't for the father's own celestial appearance, I'm afraid..." Yu Wei said with lingering fears.

"Okay, take it, let's go to the hall first, father and Xiao Yan should still be waiting for us." After the second daughter finished speaking , she brought a beautiful silver box and walked towards the hall. go,

"Sect Master, I have searched inside and outside Yecheng, but there is no trace of these five herbs." After a while, the guards came back in a hurry.

"No..." Xiao Yan slowly shook his head, obviously he underestimated the rarity of these medicinal materials.

"Hehe, little friend, don't worry, there is just one medicinal herb in our Yuzong warehouse." Seeing a trace of disappointment on Xiao Yan's face, Yu Tianyue hurriedly said.

"Oh?"

"What?" When Xiao Yan heard this, his loss immediately dissipated.

"The soul core of a third-rank immortal-rank soul beast." Just as Xiao Yan asked, Er Dao Qianying walked in slowly with graceful steps like Qinglian.

"what?"

"The soul core of an immortal rank third-grade soul beast?" Xiao Yan was really shocked, and his body trembled strangely!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Soul beasts are magical beasts themselves, and their soul cores are also demon cores.

It's just that there are very few immortal-level pharmacists. On the one hand, it is extremely difficult to cultivate the spiritual power of the fairyland. In addition to refining the immortal-level pills, the magic core is an indispensable thing, so the immortal-level pills have a price and no city ​​situation.

After all, a magical beast whose strength can reach the level of fighting immortals is more powerful than humans of the same level, not to mention the soul core of this third-rank immortal-level soul beast.

five more today