Chapter Vol 4 2054: 5 rare treasures!

"Weng buzzing!" At this time, in the auction hall, people came and went, and there were strong people pouring in. Obviously, this auction gathered many forces, and at this time, except for the strong people in the first few rows, the hall was quiet. Closing his eyes, he slowly sat outside, and there was a lot of noise behind him.

This is undoubtedly a kind of contempt and arrogance. After all, the power behind the strong people sitting in the first three rows is already at the top of the pyramid of Douyun Continent.

"The Yan Clan, the Thunder Clan... the other six ancient clans, except your ancient clan, are all here." Xiao Yan glanced at the front of the auction hall. On a seat not far from him, a A well-known big man slowly emerged.

The ancient races all have their own iconic symbols. In addition to some rules of the Yaozu for auctions, they cannot disguise and cover their faces, so it is easy to be recognized by others.

"If you have a chance, let's communicate with them. Although these guys may have a lot of connections with my ancestors of the Xiao family, I always feel that Xu Shao's forbidden technique is not easy." Xiao Yan underestimated in his heart. Thinking of Xu Shao's forbidden technique, he couldn't help but feel numb in his scalp.

"In addition to the ancient five clans, there are also some forces whose status and strength are only second only to the ancient clans, such as the Xiyue Sect, Wanquan Village, etc. that we encountered earlier..."

"These guys are all led by the strong in their respective forces, bringing the younger generation of the clan to participate in the medicine clan festival. I am afraid that there is something in this auction that makes them inevitable." Xun'er nodded, He immediately whispered in Xiao Yan's ear and said, obviously even with Xun'er's current terrifying strength, when facing some old people around him, he still felt a sense of powerlessness.

"Xiyue Sect... is it very strong?" Xiao Yan looked at an old man in gray with his eyes closed and rested beside Shen Hong and Shen Hong in the distance, and said softly.

"The Xiyue Sect's overall strength may not be strong, but their sect is rich in refining pharmacists, and they are vaguely similar to the pharmacists."

"And it is said that Shen Hong is the leader of the younger generation in the sect, and has vaguely touched the level of the seventh-rank."

"Besides that, the six ancient clans, including the Yao clan, should not be underestimated. Regardless of their background or even their strength, they will probably become an obstacle for Brother Xiao Yan to shine at the grand ceremony."

"But I believe in Brother Xiao Yan." Xun'er said softly, as if there was no worry, the unreserved trust made Xiao Yan feel more comfortable.

"En." After the rest, the two also quieted down, and immediately waited for the opening of the auction.

"Dong dong dong!" This noisy sound didn't last long, and suddenly an ethereal bird slowly took off from the auction table, and a crisp and pleasant bell rang slowly.

Under the sound of this snow-white ethereal bird, the noise in the entire auction hall stopped abruptly. They slowly sat up, gearing up, their fiery eyes locked on the auction table, as if there was no gunpowder smoke. The battle is about to begin.

"Xuuuu!" With a sound, the ethereal bird flashed all over, and suddenly turned into a bright glow. Amidst the glow, a beautiful and colorful woman slowly appeared.

The woman's jade hips are round and have a very attractive beauty, and the small waist is quite slender, even if it is called the waist of a water snake. The breath spread out, and three thousand blue silks fell like a waterfall, adding countless mysteries to it.

At this moment, she just appeared, her jade body swayed gently, her light footsteps moved again and again, her figure was as graceful as a lotus flower, and her laughter was more like a lark.

A beauty of this level is enough to be called a beauty, a disaster for the water, a disaster for the country and the people, but because this is in the auction of the medicine clan, the strong people in the scene do not dare to have other evil thoughts.

"Squeak." The woman's elegant and easy-going high-heeled crystal shoes, a tight-fitting professional suit close to the skin, the heels lightly touched the floor of the auction platform, and a harsh sound rang out, making the whole auction the last trace of noise The sound fades away.

"Welcome to the Medicine King City auction."

"In the medicine cloud of the Xia Yao family, this auction will be presided over by me." The magnetic moving voice slowly came out, and it had a unique flavor in the auction hall.

"It's actually a medicine cloud?"

"It is said that this guy is a genuine eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse, and a seventh-grade immortal-level pharmacist with extremely terrifying medicine refining skills. His position in the medicine clan is only a few people who can beat her..."

"It's actually hosted by such a genius?"

"Could it be that the items auctioned in this auction are unparalleled in the world?" Looking at the seductive figure like a fairy on the auction table, the silence below continued for a while, and then a whisper suddenly emerged.

"What about medicine clouds..."

"This girl is one of the most important targets in the medicine clan. She was born here in just a hundred years, and her strength and refining technology have made breakthroughs at the same time, making many elders in the clan envied."

"It is rumored that it has been determined that he will be able to step into the profession of a saint-level pharmacist."

"Yao Yun has been hidden by the Yao clan for hundreds of years. This time, she will personally preside over it. I am afraid it is because the Yao clan wants to show the power of their race..." After Shunxi, some of the prominent figures in the first three rows slowly slowed down. Whispering reveals some information that is difficult for ordinary people to understand.

"This auction, in order to ensure the uniqueness of the auction items, our medicine family has never released any rumors in advance."

"There are a total of five rare treasures in this auction, please wait and see." Yao Yunmei said slowly after looking around.

"Five pieces..."

"It seems that there will be a **** storm again." After listening to Yaoyun's words, the strong person in the scene nodded slowly, and his body couldn't help but become hot.

The Pharmacist Auction is extremely strict with the confidentiality measures for the auction items. They will not spend any time and energy to promote it. Because of their arrogance as an ancient race, coupled with their identity as alchemists, they can appear in the auction every time. The items in it are all top choices.

"Everyone, don't be impatient. It seems that everyone is impatient, so I won't say anything annoying."

"I announce that the once-in-a-hundred-year auction of the Medicine Clan starts now!"

"A friendly reminder, this auction will be the most solemn since our auction. I wish you good luck." After Yaoyun finished speaking, a dazzling crystal platform in the auction platform suddenly disappeared from the auction. Protruding above the ground, a delicate auction hammer and crystal table enveloped her slender curves. .

"Is it finally going to start?" Watching this scene, the atmosphere at the scene became hot. In the huge auction hall with nearly 10,000 people, everyone's eyes were hot, and the corners of their dry mouths were slowly licking, and they couldn't help but look forward to it. stand up!

I don't know how shocking the so-called five rare treasures will be at this auction?