Chapter Vol 4 1365: Shocking World War 1!

Deep in the Leiling Mountains, in the freshwater lake, at the bottom of the lake.

"This kind of dazzling fluctuation is good for evil. Is it just as the predecessor before the forging knife Thunder Valley predicted that the thunder tomb was eroded?"

"But the entrance to the Thunder Tomb is extremely hidden by the forged sword Thunder Valley, how could they be discovered by them..."

"Why did they enter the Thunder Tomb... Is it for the thing in the forbidden area?" At the bottom of the lake, in the dark space, a huge creature slowly opened its pupils, and its body was like a dragon as ancient and powerful. The breath, accompanied by a whisper, filled the bottom of the lake.

Next to the huge creature's body, a looming huge light mouth keeps emerging. Obviously, one of them is the guardian guarding the entrance of the Void Thunder Pond, and the other is the entrance light curtain that enters the Void Thunder Pond.

"It seems that this time, it's troublesome." After the huge creature finished speaking, it slowly fell silent, obviously it already knew what to do.

At this time, the originally quiet depths of the Lei Ling Mountains had already become lively, because with the arrival of thousands of contestants.

"Is this the entrance to Thunder Pond..."

"Such a strong power of thunder can't be said to restrain the power of evil. Now our safety is in danger." Many people gathered around the lake, watching the thunder that kept emerging on the lake water, exclaimed.

It was strange to say that in the depths of the Lei Ling Mountains, there was an extremely empty flat land all around, and above the flat land, a huge raised lake appeared in the center of the flat land. At this time, all around the flat land were human figures. , the figure floated slightly so that he could just see the lake.

"The entrance to Thunder Pond is right here?" Looking at a group of two-star Douxian Perfection-level powerhouses around, Mu Ge looked at the lake below and wondered.

According to Pastoral's investigation, there seems to be nothing under this lake except the looming power of thunder.

"It can't be wrong, I remember it clearly." At this time, Du Qifei naturally wouldn't joke about many things in the Thunder Tomb, but before entering, his father explained it again and again, so Qifei naturally didn't What will happen.

"It's a little weird down there, the entrance should be down there." The next moment, Xiao Yan and Yun Qi said in unison.

"In that case..."

"It's not too late, go down immediately to find out where the entrance is, or things will change." Feng Yu's face on the side was also extremely ugly. Obviously, the previous battle with the foreign evil clan was vivid in his mind. At this time, it has been controlled by the foreign evil clan.

"I'm afraid things won't be so simple." Xiao Yan didn't act rashly, but looked slowly into the sky. Out of intuition, the sky at this time was already filled with a thick crisis. .

Just when everyone was puzzled, Yun Qi said slightly: "He is still here."

"Boom!" The next moment, above the sky, green thunderclouds expanded and condensed at a speed visible to the naked eye, and then at the center of the thundercloud, a man in green robes stared fiercely. There are many strong men standing on the lake.

"Master of the Holy Flame, I said it."

"You can't run away." Phantom Tong smiled evilly, with a mighty aura, his aura was stronger than the sum of all the people below.

"What should come will always come." Seeing this, Xiao Yan seemed to have expected it for a long time, and his eyes became deeper.

This phantom pupil will be the last level for them to enter the sanctuary. If they are defeated, it is easy to say, but if they fail, I am afraid that what awaits them is destruction.

"Damn it, it's still a trick..." Some strong people couldn't help but say, but even if they guessed that the foreign evil race would be ambushing their subordinates around the Thunder Pond, they had no other choice, because the entire Thunder Tomb is the only one here. Refuge, if they don't take refuge in the Thunder Pond, they will sooner or later become part of the evil tribe outside the territory.

"Although your strength is tyrannical, it is a little unrealistic for one person to deal with thousands of us." Xiao Yan's body slowly separated from the large army and floated into the air. Facing a powerhouse at the level of Phantom Eyes, he was present. All the powerhouses of , even the pastoral song that has already been half-step three-star Dou Xian can't solve it, only owning the holy flame can temporarily hold him back.

"Hahaha."

"Master of the Holy Flame, what you say makes sense!"

"So let your 'companion' entertain you well!"

"Come out, my legion!" At the next moment, a deafening voice continued to emerge from the flat ground where everyone was standing, and at the same time, one after another silhouettes suddenly emerged from the flat ground.

These silhouettes that emerged, each of them were filled with extremely evil fluctuations, and the four gods had no masters, so they were controlled by the illusion pupil.

"Xiao Xin...how could you..."

"Mumu, are you also under control..." As more and more figures emerged from the ground, the thousands of powerhouses present suddenly couldn't help but turn red, because every name, They are all their companions, but now they are going to fight against their companions with swords, making their hearts feel like a knife.

"It's really despicable." Xiao Yan immediately frowned as he watched thousands of similarly controlled evil figures appear below.

"Next, let's start our war."

"This time, I will seize the holy flame in your body together with you and send it to my lord." As soon as the voice fell, the green thundercloud beside the green-robed man suddenly became whistling, an evil force after another. The green ray of light keeps rolling, like a real devil!

"Yun Qi, you go down and look for the entrance to the Thunder Pond... and the guardian!"

"After finding the guardian, show it this silver thunder."

"I'm going to help Xiao Yan." Duan Qi slightly separated a small thunderbolt from between his eyebrows, and then slowly sent it into Yunqi's hands At this time, only Yunqi and Muge were strong Those who can be entrusted with important tasks!

"Okay!" Yun Qi heard the words, and naturally knew the seriousness of the matter. He immediately took the thunder that Qi Fei gave him with his palms, and swept away at the man who was arguing with the evil man above the sky, and then plunged into the lake. .

"Today, life or death, it's up to you all."

"Do it!" At the next moment, Mu Ge raised his arms and shouted, spreading the fighting spirit of the powerhouses to the peak.

In a short moment, several tyrannical battle fluctuations broke out.

"Mu Xiao, Blood Crystal, the opponents of the two of you are us!" The next moment, Feng Yu and the others directly confronted the generals beside Shang Huantong.

"Boom boom boom!" One after another terrifying attack erupted directly from the depths of the Lei Ling Mountains, including Liu Qing and the other strong men, who were also in a deadlock.

Above the sky, Xiao Yan, Liu Qing and Mu Ge faced off against Huan Tong, and a world-shaking battle sounded slowly.

. The fastest website for mobile version updates: m.