Chapter Vol 4 867: Double awakening

"What an evil power." Mu Yingying was beside Xiao Yan, so she couldn't help but say something because of her indifferent state of mind.

At this time, in front of the two of them, the hearts of the ghost twins, which were extremely rich and exuded monstrous evil power, were beating quietly.

Every time it beats, there is a trace of black evil energy that is extremely evil, but fortunately there is a purple cage isolation, that evil energy does not overflow.

Even if it is suppressed by the second-layer seal, it is still unable to withstand the evil power that fills the sky!

Without the isolation of the second layer of seal power, it would be extremely difficult for the two of Xiao Yan to approach this thing!

"The Netherworld Twins are a relatively weak branch of the extraterrestrial evil clan. Their clan is called the Netherworld Evil Clan." Cang Key also looked at the strange thing in front of him, and then spoke.

"Weak?"

"The powerhouses of the extraterritorial evil clan at the peak of Dou Di are still relatively weak?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but said.

"These things, you will naturally understand when you arrive at Douxian in the future." Cang Key said, and then continued.

"The Nether Evil Clan masters extremely evil evil methods, and according to my guess, these two guys can kill my master with the strength of Dou Di Peak, it must be related to some secrets in their clan!"

"And the Nether Twins are the most powerful duo in the Nether Evil Clan." Cang Yue said coldly, but the murderous intent hidden in his voice could be felt by anyone.

It's no wonder, after all, the two guys in front of them are the culprits who killed their master with their own hands.

As the saying goes, one day is a teacher and a lifetime is a father, so this hatred, Cang Key will naturally ignore them!

"It seems that this Nether Evil Race is not as simple as we imagined." Xiao Yan nodded slightly after hearing this, agreeing with Cang Key's words.

"You two, are you ready?" After a while, Cang Yue asked the two of them solemnly.

This kind of questioning is obviously what Cang Key is going to do.

"Let's start." Xiao Yan also knew how evil this alien race was, and nodded immediately.

"The two of you, summon the holy flame and help me." Cang Key nodded and said.

"Fire Heart Tianyan." Xiao Yan said indifferently, and then the dazzling khaki-yellow holy flame surged out instantly.

And as Xiao Yan's holy flames poured out, there was a sudden movement in the quiet Nether Twins.

Seeing this, Mu Yingying also bit her lip, and now she can't take care of it anymore, so she'd better deal with the foreign evil clan in front of her.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan asked, looking at Mu Yingying who didn't do anything.

"I'm fine." Mu Yingying responded softly, and then closed her eyes slightly, and after a while, a dazzling blue flame also emerged!

The appearance of Mu Yingying's azure blue holy flame made Xiao Yan's Huoxin Tianyan slightly afraid. Obviously, Mu Yingying's holy flame was much stronger than Xiao Yan's.

"The color of this flame, although I don't know which holy flame it is, I think it ranks higher than my Fire Heart Tianyan." Xiao Yan said helplessly in his heart.

Regarding the Saint Flame List, his uncle, the Golden Dragon King, must know, but he is now in a deep sleep, otherwise, with his fierce eyes, he will naturally be able to see which Saint Flame is.

"This holy flame is so strange."

"The whole body is blue, but it makes people feel a power like the ocean." Cang Yue is naturally aware of Xiao Yan's holy flame. After all, this is the holy flame that Xiao Mu used to have. Sheng Yan felt more strange.

"Do it!" But Cang Yue knew that now is obviously not the time to think about this issue. As Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying summoned the dazzling power of holy flame, Cang Yue shouted loudly, the dazzling power of life and death was perfect Fusion, appearing directly on its body.

"This guy's mastery of the power of life and death is actually so high." Although Xiao Yan didn't know what the power of life and death would become after the fusion of the power of life and death, he could feel that the power of life and death in Cang Key was compared to Xiao Yan's. Anyone I've seen is strong!

"Go!" The dazzling power of life and death appeared on Cang Yao, and then slowly poured into the purple cage under Cang Yao's subtle control.

"Weng Om!" Just as the huge power of life and death was injected into the cage, the cage suddenly became restless!

Rather than being restless, it is better to say that two quiet hearts suddenly became restless!

"Shabu Shabu!" The power of life and death in black and white is not a vegetarian, the next moment, directly wrap the two black hearts slowly!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Holy Flame!"

"Go!" When Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying saw this, they immediately knew what Cang Key did.

Cang Key's approach was to take advantage of the fact that when the two evil tribes from outside the territory were sealed and fell into a deep sleep, with the purification power of the holy flame, they directly obliterated the two evil tribes from outside the territory, so that they would not hesitate to spend their life and death to open the way for the holy flame. !

Otherwise, with the fear of the holy flame from the evil races outside the territory, I am afraid that the holy flame will just hide away when it appears.

And Cang Key's method just now affected the perception of the two hearts, so the khaki-yellow holy flame and the azure-blue holy flame easily entered the purple cage!

"Boom boom boom!" The two-color holy flame immediately wrapped the two black hearts without hesitation, like a hungry ghost rushing towards food!

"Give me evolution!"

"Destroy it to me!" The two-color holy flame had just wrapped around the two black hearts, and suddenly the two black hearts seemed to be mortally threatened, shaking violently!

"Don't stop, increase your strength!" Cang Yue said, and then his eyes slowly closed, obviously preparing for a killer move.

And Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying were still pouring holy flames into the purple cage.

With the continuous injection of Xiao Yan and the two, the evil power around the two black hearts was actually purified to no trace!

"not enough!"

"Silver Moon Bow!" A hint of hesitation appeared on Cang Yue's pretty face, and then he exclaimed.

And with Cang Yao's exclamation, an invisible silver force was slowly born in the entire hall.

This silver power was just born, and it made Xiao Yan and all the powerhouses feel an extremely unstoppable pressure.

"Press them down!"

"I'll give them the final blow!" After Cang Key finished speaking, UU read www. The silver light around uukanshu.com instantly appeared on his hand.

At this time, in Cang Ye's hand, silver light flickered, and in the center of the silver, there were many runes that made Xiao Yan feel jerky.

Among those mysterious runes, the meaning of purification emerged one after another!

"What a powerful weapon." Xiao Yan couldn't help but glance at it a few more times.

This thing, I am afraid it can be regarded as the pinnacle representative of the fairy!

"I didn't expect Cang Key to even master the silver bow." The voice of Jade Rabbit beside her was extremely happy.

"Silver bow."

"A powerful strike, its power can undoubtedly kill a fighting immortal powerhouse in seconds."

"With this thing, I am afraid that the evil races outside the territory will not escape." The Demon Whale was also relieved.

Cang Key didn't hesitate, the dazzling power of life and death slowly poured into the silver moon bow directly, and then the jade hand pulled back slightly, a black and white bow of life and death was born!

Moreover, as Cang Yao injected more and more power of life and death, the power of the Silver Moon Bow increased exponentially!

"Not good!" However, just as Cang Yue was concentrating on preparing for a powerful strike, Xiao Yan suddenly exclaimed.

"What's the matter?" Yutu on the side asked suspiciously, because at this time, the expressions of Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying became extremely ugly.

"Those two alien races..."

"Wake up."