Chapter 527: Fight 3 water snakes!

"What did you say?" A startled shout suddenly came from the vortex on the water surface!

"As I just said." Xiao Yan said calmly.

Although I don't know why, Xiao Yan, relying on his huge soul power and intuition, vaguely felt that this mysterious creature did not belong here!

In addition to the conversation just now, Xiao Yan's thoughts were even more firmed, so Xiao Yan came out this time. As for Long Yi, he had already returned to the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire.

Because in its words, although he is now the ruler of the ancient ruler of the different fire, but Xiao Yan's strength is too weak, he can't exert his strength at all, so Long Yi, a member of the dragon family, will naturally not be in the saddle!

Moreover, the Golden Dragon King also explained to Long Yi before he retreated, and he should not take action unless it is absolutely necessary.

Jade is not cut, not a device.

"Boy, do you know what you're talking about!" The whirlpool in the water suddenly roared, and the deep voice kept making Xiao Yan more dizzy!

Xiao Yan faced this huge dizziness and looked directly at the whirlpool.

The space in the vortex seemed to tremble slightly!

This trembling is different from the previous fear, but an unseen excitement!

"Can you really..." In the whirlpool, a tender voice said slightly.

"Shut up!" The next moment, in the whirlpool, a deep voice emerged!

"No name boy, Xiu wants to talk nonsense!"

"Let this king cut you into eight pieces and talk about it!" As soon as the words fell, the vortex in the water shook violently, and then a huge body with a length of dozens of meters suddenly appeared in front of Xiao Yan!

"This is……"

"Three-headed water snake?" A startled shout came out from Xiao Yan's mouth!

The three-headed water snake, this is an extremely terrifying existence!

Although it is not as powerful as the swallowing python, it is no different from an extremely rare beast!

The three-headed water-spirit snake is quite ferocious in nature. It has three heads, each of which is dominant, but they are all one. Whether it is attributes or personalities, they are completely different.

Although this introduction was short, Xiao Yan was extremely shocked!

Xiao Yan looked down in shock. At this time, above the water surface, the body of a huge three-headed water spirit snake slowly appeared, with extremely dazzling scales on its body. Even Xiao Yan's current strength, if he wanted to break through in a short time , is tantamount to a fool's dream.

Above the huge body, three heads slowly appeared!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The three heads are the three lives of these three water snakes!

Because the three-headed water snake also has strengths!

The differentiation of strength is the pattern on the snake's head!

The green pattern represents a one-star fighting emperor level powerhouse!

Counting carefully, I can actually find that there are seven green lines on top of the extremely ferocious looking giant in the middle!

Even the eighth pattern has faint traces of outlines!

A terrifying powerhouse that is comparable to the completion of the human seven-star Dou Emperor or even the initial level of the Eight-star Dou Emperor!

Looking at the beautiful young snake head next to it, it also has seven green lines!

He is also a powerhouse that is comparable to the seven-star fighting emperor of human beings!

It's just that the snake head on the far left has its eyes tightly closed, as if there is no trace of vitality!

"Boy, take your life!" The ferocious snake head in the middle, Snake Xinzi spit out a little, and then spit out human words.

As soon as the voice fell, the huge body swayed instantly, and then burst into the direction where Xiao Yan was!

"Be careful to bump into it!" The naive voice of the snake's head on the right appeared, and before she could finish speaking, the huge body suddenly changed!

"Bang bang bang!" Just when the snake head in the middle controlled the body of the three-headed water spirit snake and shot at Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan did not retreat or dodge, and stood directly on the edge of the pavilion.

The next moment, the huge and ferocious snake head directly hit the invisible barrier one meter away from Xiao Yan!

"Boy!" Above the hideous snake's head, the breath exhaled is clearly visible, but with the mysterious isolation of this pavilion, these three water spirit snakes are quite helpless!

"It seems to be the same as what I thought." Seeing this, Xiao Yan said unhurriedly.

"Boy, you are very courageous, but..." After the ferocious snake head finished speaking, some extremely strange incantations suddenly appeared in his mouth, and then he kept chanting!

Following this hideous snakehead's rant, Xiao Yan clearly felt that the mysterious power above the pavilion seemed to be slowly being mobilized!

Once the mysterious restriction above this pavilion disappeared, Xiao Yan would be faced with a powerhouse in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor and a powerhouse in the Seven-Star Dou Emperor!

"Bastard!" Xiao Yan scolded secretly, and then the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler in his hand exuded a more powerful attack than before!

"Human, you have to be careful!"

"My eldest brother intends to take away the restraining power of this pavilion... Then you will have to be on your own..."

"Don't worry, my eldest brother's strength is not very strong, and it is only the strength of your human beings in the middle stage of the eight-star Dou Di." Above the three water spirit snakes, a tender voice came out slowly.

"Humph!" Hearing this, the hideous snake head snorted abruptly.

"It's not good, it's not good, the big brother is going to be angry, can't I do it if I don't say it?" The tender voice was full of grievances!

"His grandma's!" Xiao Yan scolded, obviously not knowing what medicine was sold in the three-headed water spirit snake gourd!

"Could it be that these three water snakes are crazy?"

"According to my perception, they are clearly imprisoned here...because their breath is incompatible with this place, even after many years."

"My request is not too much, why are these three water spirit snakes like killing their father's enemies, their aura soars to deal with me..." Xiao Yan said depressedly.

"I can't wait any longer!" The next moment Xiao Yan felt that the power of restraint in this pavilion was rapidly draining!

If one is completely lost, I am afraid that what Xiao Yan will face is two deadly enemies!

"Great Heaven's Good Fortune Palm!" Xiao Yan's voice suddenly drank, and a huge energy handprint was instantly released, and then slapped on the huge body of the three-headed water spirit snake!

"Plop..." Xiao Yan's attack looked very terrifying, but hitting the three-headed water spirit snake was like tickling him!

"Idiot, the three-headed water snake is mainly water, the water attribute is quite soft, and the defense is extremely terrifying, only a little worse than the earth attribute defense..."

"If you want to really attack us, I'm afraid that the minimum fighting skill level you need is also the fairy level... Don't take out a spicy chicken like you on the ground level..."

"Gragra." The tender voice let out a hint of a smile.

"Really..." Xiao Yan heard the words, his heart sank suddenly, and then he suddenly threw the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand, and the soul-eating talisman in his hand suddenly flickered with a trace of black energy, which was randomly injected into the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire!

"Roar!" Long Yi turned into a dragon soul, constantly surrounding the body of the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and then the strange black energy entered the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and Long Yi suddenly held it in his mouth!

"Dragon's Breath!" A sudden sound burst out from Long Yi's mouth on the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire!

The violent flame was mixed with a little black gas, and it instantly went towards the three-headed water snake a few meters away!

Ask for tickets!