Chapter Vol 4 2253: Takumi!

"Later I will send you here to a space channel that is enough for the two of you to leave the Buddha Realm. Let's just say goodbye."

"The two of you helped me, and of course I won't forget it."

In the space, golden Buddhist scriptures appeared all over the blue-haired Buddha lion, and they traveled continuously through the void, taking Xiao Yan and the two to travel in the void of the Buddha Realm.

The emptiness of the Buddha world is obviously different from other empties. The emptiness here is filled with Zen sounds, Buddhist scriptures, etc. that make them horrified. .

"Don't pass here."

"I think your aura is not weak, and there are many secrets in your body. I might have the opportunity to meet here in the future."

After saying goodbye, they separated, and Xiao Yan and the two embarked on the road of return. As for the blue-haired Buddha lion, they went into it and went to find Manjusri Bodhisattva.

"Second brother, let's go."

At the entrance of the space crack, Xiao Yi was very quiet, but looking at Xiao Yan who was absent-minded, she could only remind her.

"Boom!"

Before Xiao Yan could speak, violent clashes of energy erupted in the distance.

"Wait, this smell seems to be somewhat familiar."

"Could it be the guy you met in the space intelligence sales building before?"

"go."

As soon as the words fell, the dazzling soul power of Xiao Yan surged out, forming a magnificent flame crystal on the body of the two, and then roamed together in this dark world.

In the distance, a group of whistling yellow light flashed out. Wherever they passed along the way, yellow filaments of light emerged, making the whole place buzzing.

"Damn it... This stinky monk is too difficult to deal with."

A group of cyan swords moved rapidly, as if they were escaping from the latter. There was a figure in the light group, with scars all over his body, but a rusty ancient sword behind him glowed with dim light, shocking one after another. The terrifying power of the void invaded.

Li Tian laughed!

"A daring human being who dared to pass through the forbidden area of ​​my Buddha's door, and today this seat will permanently suppress you here!"

A fierce voice gushed out from the yellow light group, and suddenly the entire realm was empty, and a strong aura collapsed.

"Just because you want to suppress me?"

"Sword Qi is 30,000 miles across!"

"Kacha!" Li Tianxiao roared coldly and a dazzling halo erupted from the ancient sword behind him. Immediately, with the skillful swing of his palm, it flashed directly at the yellow light ball, with a threatening aura.

"The sword skills of the Lord of the Sword Domain?"

Looking at this scene, the yellow light group stopped, and the figure of a monk with a kind face emerged, and the faint yellow Buddhist scriptures sounded around him.

Boom!

When countless sword shadow forces attacked the monk's body, the Buddhist scriptures poured out and shattered it directly.

"It's a miscalculation, I never thought that there are so many masters in the forbidden area of ​​Buddhism."

"But this is also the best time for me to realize the sword intent."

"Come on the sword!"

When Li Tianxiao saw this, the power of reincarnation permeated his body, and the ancient sword in his hand buzzed as if he was cheering.

This guy entered the Buddhist world and directly broke into a forbidden place of Buddhism, was chased and killed by many strong Buddhists, and was finally hunted down by this eminent monk. According to this situation, Li Tianxiao may not escape death.

"The benefactor's murder is too heavy, and the sea of ​​suffering is boundless."

"Buddhist sound and Zen spirit."

The Buddha beads on the palm of the monk Wudao twisted, and then the corners of his mouth began to recite the tyrannical exercises in Buddhism. Circles of golden Buddhist scriptures shot at Li Tianxiao like shackles. The shackles were covered with Buddhist scriptures, and the power above the scriptures It actually made Li Tianxiao's reincarnation force become afraid.

This level of power is too tyrannical, once touched by it, I am afraid that Li Tianxiao will be completely suppressed here!

"The sword breaks through the sky!"

Li Tianxiao knew his current situation, his eyes became fierce, and he poured his vindictive energy on the ancient sword and swung it at the enlightened monk!

A sword was swung out, all the void collapsed, and endless majestic sword shadows whistled. They were like stars all over the sky, leaning unreservedly beside the monk Enlightenment.

"The benefactor, the sea of ​​suffering is boundless, and turning back is the shore."

This time, the monk Wudao was whispering, but between the whispers, there was a strong ancient Zen sound. Those Zen sounds deeply stinged Li Tianxiao's soul, causing the direction of his attack to occur extremely. deviations in the eyes.

"Crack!" With a sound, countless sword shadows easily shattered and opened beside the Buddhist scriptures, without causing any waves.

"Pfft!"

Monk Wudao's terrifying blow of the Buddha's sound directly destroyed Li Tianxiao's attack. At the same time, the latter spurted out a mouthful of blood and spilled into the void, apparently caused by the shock of this Zen sound.

"The two-level reincarnation-level powerhouse, the enlightened monk, really deserves his reputation."

Li Tianxiao forcibly propped up his body that had reached the limit and smiled slowly.

"Donor, you hurt several Buddhist disciples of my Buddhism, and go back with me to listen to the teachings in front of my Buddha."

When the voice fell, the enlightened monk raised his big hand, and the ancient golden Buddhist scriptures were transformed into countless ancient Buddhist texts, completely covering Li Tianxiao's body, causing him to suffer.

"Holy Flame!"

Just when the monk Wudao was about to leave this void with Li Tianxiao, a glaze-colored deep flame swept out easily, covering the entire space.

"Holy Flame Fire?"

Looking at this scene, the eyes of the enlightened monk couldn't help but become dignified, and then turned to look at two strange figures in the void.

"who is it?"

When Li Tianxiao saw this, his pupils shrank tightly, and then he looked over.

"Why does Master Enlightenment make things difficult for his own people?"

"The situation in the Daqian world is shaking. Fighting in the nest is not a good thing at this time."

After doing all this, Xiao Yan slowly appeared, the breath of the peak of the reincarnation rank accompanied by a glaze-colored flame lingering around his body, like a god's mansion that truly controls all fires!

"It turned out to be the Lord of Endless Fire Domain."

Monk Wudao glanced at Xiao Yan indifferently, and then spoke softly.

"This matter is a matter of our Buddhism, does the donor have to intervene?"

The monk Wudao thought for a while and then said helplessly.

"This is the disciple of the old man."

Xiao Yan said with a hearty smile, UU reading www. uukanshu.com But anyone can clearly understand the meaning of short-term protection under these voices.

"That's all."

"Whoa!"

When Monk Wudao heard the words, he shook his head, and his whole body flourished, and he disappeared here in one fell swoop.

With the blessing of the glass-colored holy flame, he was at the peak of the reincarnation rank. Even if he had the strength of the second reincarnation rank, he could not shake Xiao Yan, so he retreated.

"A disciple of an old friend?"

"you?"

After the monk Wudao left, Li Tianxiao looked at Xiao Yan and the two with a surprised expression.

"These are some medicinal pills to recover from injuries."

"Xiao Yi, let's go."

Xiao Yan threw some medicinal pills at the two of them, then stepped directly into the void and returned to the Endless Fire Territory.

"Damn, he's really a weirdo, but what is the disciple of the old friend?"

"The person related to the master is the leader in the world..."

Li Tianxiao murmured, and immediately went back slowly.

At this point, the journey of repairing the ancient ruler has ended perfectly. When I see the ancient ruler next time, I am afraid it will be enough to evaporate some of the supreme brilliance that belongs to its divine weapon.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: