Chapter Vol 4 895: Xuanyin strikes!

"Pavilion Master, will Lingmengsheng be all right?" The crowd at this time, standing at the top of the waterfall, looked at Lingmengsheng downstream, the old man couldn't help saying.

"It should be all right." Fen Tian said, and then his eyes were fixed on Ling Mengsheng to prevent any accident.

"However, Ling Mengsheng's temperament and even talent are probably the best among us. If it wasn't for that, I'm afraid his current strength would have long ago..." At this time, Zhu Jin suddenly spoke up.

For Reimu, even if he is as arrogant as bamboo embers, he has to admire him.

Ling Mengsheng is known as the powerhouse in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion, except for the pavilion owner, who has the best chance to advance to Dou Xian. At this time, his strength has reached the pinnacle of Dou Di, and if he hadn't been troubled by Xuan Muqing, I'm afraid It has already reached a half immortal or even a fighting immortal.

After everyone finished speaking, they quieted down, but they didn't sit still. They walked around trying to find out what was different about the waterfall.

"Why is the waterfall here so different..."

"What is this..." Ling Mengsheng looked suspiciously at the rushing waterfall in front of him, which was different from other places. go!

"Boom boom boom!" Just when Ling Mengsheng's palm came into contact with the rushing water current, a strong force came from the water current. Obviously, even Ling Mengsheng, who was as powerful as the peak of Dou Di, was struggling a little.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Just as the palm of his hand was soaked in the waterfall water, a huge force was instantly mobilized, and he carefully investigated whether there was any difference in the place in front of him.

"what……"

"Here...is there a secret passage?" At this time, Ling Mengsheng was also basically certain that the place he was in must be the mysterious place leading to the waterfall!

That mysterious place has an aura that makes him extremely familiar!

It seems that there is only one of his own two daughters, but Ling Mengsheng can guarantee that the two daughters are definitely not here, but apart from the two daughters, Ling Mengsheng really can't remember. How can anyone make themselves feel this way!

"It's too late. If this goes on like this, I'm afraid this guy will discover the place behind the waterfall..."

"Although the strength of this pedestrian is unfathomable, for the safety of the princess, we can only take action." Xuan Yin, who was hiding at the bottom of the river, said directly with a gloomy face.

"Come in!" Ling Mengsheng is indeed a daring person, and he was ready to rush into it in an instant to find out, but just when Ling Mengsheng slightly urged the power in his body to prepare for action, a rushing water flow, impressively from the front of him. The waterfall gushed out and attacked itself!

"Humph!" Although Ling Mengsheng had a knot in his heart, he was still at the peak of Dou Di's strength. Faced with such a simple blow, he simply waved his sleeves and disappeared!

"who!"

"Get out!" At this moment, Ling Mengsheng's heart was filled with that mysterious aura, and then his mood couldn't help but fluctuate a little.

"Exit, this is not where you should come." Xuan Yin, who launched the attack, did not show up, but with the help of some special power, he hid in the waterfall full of the sky and said to Reimu Sheng.

Xuanyin's strength is already that of a nine-star Dou Di, but even so, facing the middle-aged man in front of him, he still has a feeling of powerlessness, so Xuanyin naturally doesn't want to show up rashly.

"What's behind this waterfall?"

"Let me go in and have a look!" Ling Mengsheng naturally noticed that the person who was hiding aura in front of him should be the guardian of the fourth floor of the underground palace, but he was not too surprised. After all, judging from the person's aura, his strength It should not be as strong as myself, so I am not afraid!

"It's a forbidden place inside..."

"The person who stepped in..."

"Death!" Xuan Yin's cold and cold voice sounded slowly, followed by bursts of cold killing intent.

"die?"

"It's hard to say who will kill the deer. Since you are protecting this place like this, then I have to go in and have a look!"

"Accept!" Lingmengsheng finished speaking, without giving Xuanyin, who was hidden in the waterfall, the slightest chance to breathe, his palm suddenly lifted, and a dazzling black and white force of life and death merged out, and immediately faced The waterfall water flow suddenly shot.

"Crash!" The terrifying attack caused waves of huge waves, and then the huge waves fell directly from the air. The terrifying power might be able to crush an eight-star Dou Emperor into serious injuries!

"What's the situation?" Fen Tian had just noticed the sound of fighting under the waterfall, and he didn't stop for a while, and his figure quickly moved towards the bottom of the waterfall!

And Zhu Jin and the others all looked at each other and followed directly!

"The power of life and death?"

"A powerhouse at the pinnacle of Emperor Dou?" At this time, Xuanyin's expression was extremely ugly, even if it was hidden in the waterfall.

Just now, Lingmengsheng's powerful blow seemed to be easily dodged by him, but Xuanyin knew that if Lingmengsheng in front of him wanted to kill him, I'm afraid which blow would kill him directly!

The blow just now seemed to be just a warning from Reimu to him!

"It was just a warning to you just now."

"Your strength should not be enough to be my opponent."

"So you'd better retreat."

"Don't worry, I, Lingmengsheng, have never been embarrassed by others. I just entered to prove something." After Lingmengsheng finished speaking, the power of life and death in black and white immediately emerged, and then he was ready to go towards the entrance of the waterfall.

"Sure enough, it's Lingmengsheng. I can't imagine that his strength has soared to the peak of Dou Di But no!"

"Even if you can't beat it, you will have to fight!" At this time, a hint of determination appeared on Xuan Yin's handsome face, and then the dazzling power of life and death suddenly emerged, and then he was ready to launch a terrifying attack. On the power of black and white, The power of black death is extremely weak, and it is obviously not a long time to step into the Nine Star Dou Emperor.

"Go to hell!" Xuanyin's palm contained an extremely powerful attack, and he attacked directly at Reimu who was about to enter the entrance of the waterfall!

"You're courting death!" Although Ling Mengsheng said that he had a good temper, he had already warned Xuan Yin, and Xuan Yin insisted on sending him to death. Ling Mengsheng raised his palm, and a powerful fighting technique emerged in an instant, and a wave like a fire dragon instantly appeared in the palm of his hand. Formed in the middle, that is, attacking Xuanyin!

"Stop it!" Just as Ling Mengsheng's eyes flashed with a hint of chill, as he was about to solve Xuanyin, a sweet female voice suddenly sounded from behind the waterfall!

And with the sound of the female voice, Reimu Sheng's heart beat violently, and then his eyes turned towards the waterfall.

Where, there is a beautiful shadow, Qianying's simple clothes are inlaid with golden lace, and on the pale face, there are a few crystal tears emerging from the tip of the eyes.

This look is clearly exactly the same as the person he thinks about day and night!

"Qing'er?" Ling Mengsheng seemed to have forgotten what he was doing, and his eyes were obsessed with Xuan Muqing's position.

Tomorrow is free for a limited time. If there is no accident, it should be the 20th update on the weekend and the day after tomorrow. Please ask for a ticket.