Chapter Vol 4 1799: Summoning fighting skills, Dark Guardian!

"His female horse, this bastard!" At this moment, Xiao Yan couldn't help but exclaimed foul language in his heart.

Xiao Yan didn't know what the power of faith was. I'm afraid that kind of power is only valuable if it reaches the level of the master of the soul. For them, it is still too far away.

The power of that kind of belief is probably comparable to the power of reincarnation of the Soul Eater and others. For Xiao Yan, it is the end of the world, the mansion of the gods, and it is inviolable.

However, the weak power of faith felt in Soul Flame seems to indicate that there are stronger powerhouses in the Soul Clan or Soul Palace with the Eight Star Fighting Immortals?

However, according to Xiao Yan's previous understanding, the strongest powerhouses in the Soul Palace are only at the seven-star or eight-star level.

Soul Clan, the predecessor of Soul Palace, stands in Douyun Continent, but Douyun Continent is still a little worse than Li Soul Domain. How could there be reincarnation powerhouses?

At this moment, Xiao Yan's cognition of Soul Peak became confusing again.

"It's really weird."

"There seems to be something interesting in your body." At this moment, Protector White also found something, his eyes wrinkled slightly, the black long sword and silver feather fan were held in both hands at the same time, and they stared vigilantly at Soul Flame.

Just now, when he directly attacked Soul Yan's body-protecting black mist with the ink-colored long sword, a throbbing surged in his heart, which could make even the powerhouses in the early stage of Eight Star Fighting Immortal feel this kind of fluctuation. I am afraid it is not something ordinary.

"The power of the White Protector is indeed well-deserved... so I can't neglect it."

"Weng Om!" As soon as the voice fell, an extremely terrifying energy emerged from around Soul Yan, like a star, and immediately covered his body. For a time, a special energy seemed to be connected to a certain plane. A gigantic giant creature phantom seemed to be roaring towards here from afar.

"Summoning fighting skills?"

"Not good!" Seeing this scene, Protector Bai's eyes became dignified, and the dark-colored long sword streaked several energy ripples in the air. Coupled with the incitement of the evil feather fan, one after another was enough to tear the entire sky. Evil power suddenly emerged.

"Hey, your opponent, it's me." Just when such a terrifying attack was about to attack Soul Flame, Hall Master Huang Tang, Soul Wuji, suddenly appeared, squirming in the void, and a special power of space directly sent Protector Bai. attack devoured.

"Damn it..." At this moment, Protector Bai also realized something, turned his head to look at the criminal behind him, but found that these guys were quickly retreating, and I am afraid that it will be a complete failure in a short time.

"Soul Yan, hurry up, I always feel that the atmosphere here is not quite right." Stopping the attack of the white guardian, Soul Wuji raised his head and looked up at Marr, who was incarnated in dark green mist, and wrapped the entire evil cauldron, as well as countless humans and sea beasts on the evil tree. Projecting away at the evil cauldron, a wave of prestige that made him extremely uncomfortable slowly diffused out.

"Give me five minutes, only by summoning this guy can we form a crushing situation, and the guy from the Holy See, it seems..." Soul Yan hesitated, the voice just fell, the whole body was shaking, and the blood mist Thoroughly emerged, in the space shrouded in blood mist, blood lines were outlined, as if summoning a monarch creature. Once summoned by it, I am afraid that this battle will become meaningless.

"Wait, what are these guys doing?"

"Now it's clear that the Soul Palace has the upper hand, why do they still spend so much time using the summoning fighting skills?" At this moment, Xiao Yan was at a loss and could not understand the actions of the two.

"I remember that Marr said that they were not only stared at by the Soul Palace, but also the people of the Holy See, but the people of the Holy See have never shown up." Ji Xuan shook his head.

"These guys, summoning creatures is probably to guard against the Holy See."

"And the reason why they didn't defeat these sinners White Protector and others in an overwhelming manner is probably because of the Devil Fruit."

"Once the devil fruit ripens, this place will instantly turn into dust." Xiao Yan took a deep breath and said word by word.

"Next, it's time for us to do it, how about it, do you have the courage to fight?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes flashed, and a bold idea emerged, and the Devil Fruit could not fall into their hands no matter what.

"Yes!" Ji Xuan gave Xiao Yan a surprised look and agreed.

"We are like this..." Xiao Yan was overjoyed immediately, and told Ji Xuan the plan for a moment.

"Will this be too risky? These are two eight-star fighting immortals, and there are not a few other powerhouses with seven or six stars." Hearing Xiao Yan's plan, Ji Xuan hesitated.

"Don't worry, I have already sensed the aura of the Holy See powerhouse. We only need to be responsible for completely disrupting this place, so that we can fish in troubled waters and take away the Devil Fruit." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Okay." The two of them looked at each other, and then they concealed their breath and quietly walked towards the evil tree.

"Gamma!"

"With the remaining power, go back to defense!"

"Protect Your Excellency!" After Shun breathed, Protector Bai's eyes suddenly froze, and he snorted coldly.

"Sir, there are many strong people in the Soul Palace, and they are well prepared. We are not their opponents." Gamma was also wounded at this time, and he came to the White Protector with less than half of his sins. As for other sins So, has completely fallen into the hands of the Soul Palace.

"Do it!" Without any hesitation, Soul Wuji snorted coldly at the powerhouses in the Soul Palace, trying to completely obliterate these guys.

"Shengyou, Tianshang!" At this moment, Protector Bai was violently filled with a special cyan energy, and in a short period of time, he was transformed into a fallen angel with the power of life and death, exercising the most tyrannical power.

"Boom!" For a time, the space at the bottom of the entire nest suddenly trembled, and a harsh sound stimulated everyone present, like the sound of nature.

"Is it fairy magic..."

"Let me see whether it is the power of immortality, or the power of my summoned creatures!"

"Get out of here!"

"Darkness!" Seeing such a fierce cyan evil force completely filling the entire space like a canopy Soul Flame's pupils shrank tightly, and the blood mist all over his body suddenly trembled, and a behemoth quietly emerged. ,

It was a knight with a height of 100 meters, covered in black armor, his eyes were sharp, his body was full of a strong depression, and there was a strong aura of death between the lines!

The Dark Underworld is a more powerful existence than the Dark Knight!

"Fall for me!" Looking at the supreme monarch-level creature in front of him, the White Protector suddenly roared, and the sky made of cyan energy at the bottom of the lair slaughtered it directly from the top of the sky like a waterfall. It became violently uneasy, as if it would collapse completely at any time.

"Hoohoho!" The dark underworld warrior seemed to be provoked, his footsteps abruptly stepped away, and he began to trample at will. Every time he walked, it would bring a touch of dark death power. Those powers turned out to be the sea beasts that ate away countless humans around him. anger.

"Crash!" The evil sky splattered directly on the body of the Dark Underworld, but the strange thing was that it did not bring any violent energy fluctuations, as if a breeze was blowing in the face. On the other hand, the Dark Underworld was like a **** of death. , step by step towards the canopy of the evil tree.

Every time I stepped on it, it was like a step closer to the **** of death, and a solemn meaning of death emerged in everyone's heart.

"It's over..." Seeing this scene, both Soul Wuji and Soul Yan laughed at the same time.