Chapter Vol 4 1196: The power of seal fighting

"Pretend to be a ghost, get out of here!" Xiao Yan stood quietly on the ground of the altar at this time, the fiery red power of fighting immortals permeated out, and he shouted at the altar.

At this time, the oval-shaped 100-meter altar has been surrounded by the forbidden source created by the evil spirit of the ghost, and even this forbidden barrier temporarily suppressed the power of the three people of Shuiyue and made them unable to move. .

"Oh……"

"It's interesting to be able to escape the blockade of the Forbidden Origin Realm." As Xiao Yan's loud shouts fell, the shadowy figure appeared slowly.

What caught Xiao Yan's eyes was a mysterious man wrapped in a black robe, but behind the mysterious man's black robe, the red and demonic word "sin" was particularly conspicuous.

"Sin?"

"How is that possible?" And seeing this figure, the expression on Shuiyue's face became even more difficult to look at.

They have heard of the "sin" force, but they have never encountered it, but there is no doubt that this "sin" is much stronger than their Hawkeye team in terms of strength and means.

"Sin?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

"Unexpectedly, unexpectedly it is a "sin"." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, the Soul Eater sighed with emotion.

""Sin", this is a huge force composed of human beings and loyal to the evil race outside the territory."

"The aliens have given them evil powers, so that they can use their human identity to freely enter and exit the world, and thus do some dirty things for the aliens," said the Lord of Soul Eater.

"And as far as I know, every time they show up, if it's not related to the holy flame, I'm afraid it's related to the foreign evil race behind them." Lord Soul Eater Zaidu said.

"Immortal Leaf?" Xiao Yan said in surprise after being said by Soul Eater.

"It should be right, these guys came for the undead leaves."

"Be careful, these guys never act alone. This guy's identity is only the lowest among "sins", and should be called a sin guard. Although his strength is in the late stage of One Star Fighting Immortals, he may have accomplices. ." The Lord of Soul Eater instructed.

"There should be some treasure on you, right?" The crime guard said to Xiao Yan, revealing a wave of extreme evil between the lines.

"You should also have a secret that I want to know." Xiao Yan is naturally not afraid of this sin guard. After all, he does not talk about the holy flame on his body. Just the means Xiao Yan has at this time, I am afraid that it is enough not to use the holy flame. deal with this guy.

"Hand over the undead leaves, otherwise...die!" The sinner obviously didn't have the heart to talk too much with Xiao Yan, and said directly yin and yang strangely.

"I don't have an immortal leaf, but I can send you to hell!"

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!" Xiao Yan bore the brunt of the attack. He didn't give the criminal guard a chance and launched the attack first.

The seven dazzling ruler beams with the power to destroy the dead and the dead, attacked the sin guard directly.

"It's beyond our own power." Seeing this, the criminal guard dismissed it and waved it casually. Suddenly, Xiao Yan's seemingly powerful attack was directly engulfed by a trace of evil aura in the Forbidden Origin Realm, which was instantly engulfed.

"Sure enough, it's a bit tricky." Xiao Yan also smiled helplessly. Although the Seventh Layer Breaking Sky Ruler is powerful, but after being promoted to Dou Xian, every time I use it, I feel a sense of powerlessness. It seems that I have to find a high-level ruler method. , otherwise, the seven-layer breaking sky ruler alone is not enough to deal with the next enemy.

"One finger in the sky, call the heavens and the earth!" The next moment, Xiao Yan mobilized the enormous power of fighting immortals in his body, and gathered it directly at his fingertips, wanting to blast away at the crime guard.

"Shabu Shabu!" Facing Xiao Yan's stern blow, the crime guard didn't dare to take it lightly, and he kept chanting some ancient incantations, and then in the world of forbidden sources, countless black energy squirmed, and a darkness suddenly condensed. knight!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The Dark Knight wears sturdy armor and holds a huge matching sword in his hand, just like a guardian!

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan's strength was at his fingertips, and he was abruptly facing the crime guard. Suddenly, the dark knight raised the sword in his hand, directly facing Xiao Yan's attack.

"Ring Ling Ling!" The sound of metal collisions sounded slowly. After a while, Xiao Yan took three steps back, while the dark knight took ten steps back, and even the sword in his hand trembled slightly.

"This guy!" Seeing this scene, the guard couldn't help frowning. Obviously, he couldn't figure out why Xiao Yan was not imprisoned in the realm of the forbidden source, and how could the strength of the mere one-star fighting immortal stage be compared with his own darkness Cavaliers tied?

You must know that the dark knight of yours is comparable to the powerhouse in the late stage of human beings.

"Xiao Yan, this guy, can you handle it..." Seeing that Xiao Yan ignored him and confronted the crime guard directly, Yu Xiaoye couldn't help but muttered slightly.

"Although Xiao Yan's attack power is tyrannical, this place is in that guy's enchantment after all. If this goes on, Xiao Yan's situation will be at risk." Shuiyue also said helplessly, the imprisoning power of the Forbidden Origin Realm may be for a while. It will not disappear, so they are also powerless and can only stare.

"No, there is a huge amount of energy in Xiao Yan's body that is rapidly gathering, what does he seem to be doing?"

"The attack just now was just a feint attack?" At the next moment, Liu Qing's beautiful eyes sensed something was wrong and said slightly.

And at the moment when the three of them were talking, the situation in the air actually changed dramatically.

"It's almost there." In the next moment, there was an extremely dangerous smile on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and then on the palm of his hand, a circle with extremely tyrannical confinement force suddenly spread out.

"The power of confinement?" Seeing this, the guard couldn't help but be surprised. He just wanted to summon the dark knight to protect himself, but he was directly attacked by Xiao Yan.

"Blood-devouring monument!"

"Suppress me!" And Xiao Yan pointed at the dark knight, the majestic power of fighting immortals temporarily dragged the dark knight, and the huge imprisoning power turned into a side full of 100 meters in size. The cyan stone tablet ~ fell from the sky and went to suppress the sin guard!

Above the cyan stone tablet, there is an extremely tyrannical force of imprisonment, and there is even a wave of devouring fluctuations. If it is shrouded by it, even if it is as powerful as Sin Guard, the strength of the late Xingdouxian, I am afraid it will be suppressed in an instant. !

"Huhu."

"Evil power!" And the sin guard suddenly shook his head and sighed, a trace of blackness to the extreme, as if the evil aura crawling out of the abyss slowly spread out.

"Haha, I've been waiting for you for a long time." Seeing that the blue stone tablet was about to suppress the crime guard, the crime guard invoked the source of evil to try to resist, but a dangerous arc appeared at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

"Holy flame destroys evil!"

"Destroy it to me!" A frenzy burst out from Xiao Yan's mouth, and then a small bluish-yellow flame shot out at the guilty guard in an instant.

In the eyes of Shuiyue and the others, this flame was just an ordinary flame, but that was because Xiao Yan used his soul power to perfectly hide the fluctuations of the holy flame, so that it would not be discovered by him.

"How... how is it possible?"

"Double Saint Flames?" Under the cover of Xiao Yan's huge soul power, the blue-yellow flame did not reveal any power of the Holy Flame, but when it came into contact with the evil power of the Sin Guard, it instantly engulfed its evil origin. , and with the disappearance of the source of evil, the guard's eyes became extremely solemn for the first time!

My own evil source was resolved by the power of holy flame. Without the evil source, I am afraid that with my own strength at this time, it would be even more difficult to deal with the suppressing power of this cyan stone tablet!

End of this chapter