Chapter Vol 4 1164: In exchange for information!

"Everyone, be quiet." Li Qinzai returned to the auction stage, and suddenly looked at the noisy voices from all directions, and said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Since Butler Li has come out, this finale should also belong to him." As Li Qin just appeared, some discerning people couldn't help but say, obviously they all wanted to know who actually bid for this undead leaf.

Although this is an auction, we can't come here clearly, but as long as we know the winner of the undead leaves, they have their own methods.

Among these people, only the Qing Lei Yu family was quite nervous. After all, although the chips they took out were worth a lot of money, they always felt that they were not very stable. It seemed that the preparations for this auction of the immortal leaves were still insufficient.

"Everyone, in order to protect the privacy of others, our City Lord's Mansion will naturally not disclose the winner of the undead leaves."

"However, the undead leaves have been successfully auctioned, and this auction has also ended successfully. If you are interested, you can stay. Our City Lord's Mansion will hold a banquet in the past few days." Li Qin smiled sweetly.

"If that's the case, then we won't stop..."

"Farewell!" Some intermittent voices sounded.

"The auction is over?" Xiao Yan shook his head when he heard the words in private room No. 3.

"It's over, it seems that the auction of the immortal leaves has not fallen into our hands." Qingming smiled helplessly. Although he had expected it, but now that he really heard Li Qin's announcement, he couldn't help but feel a little disappointed. .

"Respected pharmacist, please move to the back room. The fairy elixir and earth dragon blood crystal you photographed will be delivered to you later." The next moment, a girl wearing a professional attire came gently. In the private room No. 3, he suddenly smiled slowly to the Qing family, and then said respectfully to Xiao Yan.

"Patriarch Qingming, I still have some personal matters. I won't go back to the Qing family with you this time. If the Qing family has any needs, just ask." Xiao Yan smiled, and after he finished speaking, he followed the girl away.

"Let's go too, the nearest ghost city should not be peaceful." Seimei smiled and said immediately.

"Qing'er, let's go."

"How can a golden scale be a thing in the pool?" Seeing Qinger's nostalgic figure of Xiao Yan leaving, Qingming couldn't help but say.

"I know."

"Let's go." And Qing'er glanced at Xiao Yan's leaving figure with a little nostalgia, and she suddenly felt relieved at the next moment, and smiled directly.

"Father, that undead leaf..." As only the three members of the Qing family were left in the entire private room, Qing Wen couldn't help but say.

"This guy Xiao Yan probably has the same goal as us, but there are not a few forces with the same goal as us in the Ghost King City. If you can help, then help him."

"This immortal leaf is of great importance. As long as it doesn't fall into the Yu family's Lei family, then we can't control it." Seimei said a lesson.

After the three of them finished speaking, they also went back to Qing's house. After all, with the end of the auction of the undead leaves, open and secret battles will also collide more and more.

"Hey, Master Alchemist, I really admired it for a long time." The girl just led Xiao Yan to the back hall, and suddenly a hearty laughter slowly entered Xiao Yan's ears.

"What kind of wind blows the City Lord of Dead Wind?" Xiao Yan smiled and walked up, but his eyes noticed that there were Li Qin and Bai He not far away.

"Sir Xiao Yan is really joking."

"I originally planned to receive you in person, but the status of the guest in the private room is a bit special. I hope Sir Xiao Yan can ignore the previous suspicion." Death Feng accompanied him with a smile.

With the means of death and the relationship with the Qing family, it is natural to know that the third-grade emperor-rank pharmacist in the third private room just now is Xiao Yan.

"It's okay." Xiao Yan said.

Xiao Yan naturally knew that, as the City Lord of the Dead Wind, coupled with the strength of his 2-star Dou Xian Perfection, he would treat him like this. He didn't have to think about it. Stopping him, on the other hand, maybe he had some thoughts on Xiao Yan's ghost face, Yan Zihuo, but he was afraid of the hidden strength behind Xiao Yan, so he acted like this.

"Sir Xiao Yan, the fairy pills and the blood crystals of the earth dragon you auctioned are all stored in this collection ring, please take a look." After a while, Li Qin walked up directly, with a beautiful collection ring in his hand facing it. Xiao Yan said.

"Yes." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, took Na Jie directly, and checked it under the eyes of the three of them.

After a few minutes, among the three confirmations, it was indeed the Immortal Spirit Pill and the Earth Dragon Blood Crystal, Xiao Yan immediately put it away, and then said with a smile, "Since the auction has ended, I won't stay any longer. ."

"Everyone, farewell." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he raised his legs and walked outside.

"Lord Xiao Yan, wait a minute." Just when Xiao Yan was about to leave, Su Feng smiled slightly, his eyes filled with hesitation.

"What else is there for the City Lord of Dead Wind?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"The characters accompanied by the dragon blood crystal at the auction site are already on their way. They should come to the Ghost King City in less than a month. At that time, Sir Xiao Yan will be able to go to the Ghost Heaven Continent under their protection. ." Said the dead wind.

"Don't worry, the dead city lord, I will stay in the ghost king city for this month, and I just need to inform me when the time comes." Xiao Yan said with a smile, and he was about to leave after saying that, but the corner of his mouth was A smile appeared.

"Slightly a little... Hold on, I have one more thing to do." At the next moment, there was an ugly look on the old face of the dead wind.

"What else does the deceased city lord have to do?" Xiao Yan frowned and said It's ashamed to say, but the deceased is still unwilling..."

"I don't know if the ghost-faced soul-flaming fire in Brother Xiao Yan's hands can be exchanged for me?" Dead Wind said, looking forward to Xiao Yan's reaction.

"Hehe, Lord of the Dead City, I got this ghost face and soul flame by accident. If it wasn't for the strong family at the time, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to get it by myself."

"Furthermore, that Ghost Face Soul Yan's Zihuo can't compare to the price of the mysterious person in the private room No. 1, so I will disappoint the dead city master." Xiao Yan said with a hint of apology, obviously guessing the dead wind long ago. the purpose.

"Oh, there's no way."

"That guy took out a Dou Xian Pill, and I was stuck in the two-star Dou Xian, and I was greedy for a while..." Xie Feng also shook his head when he heard the words.

Obviously, he also knew that, except for treasures of the level of Undead Leaf, to exchange other things with Xiao Yan for the Zihuo of Ghost Face and Soul Flame would be like a fool's dream.

"If it is exchanged, it is not impossible." Xiao Yan said.

"Is this true?" Hearing the words, Xie Feng was overjoyed.

"Sir Xiao Yan needs anything, just say it!" Dead Wind laughed loudly.

"I need all the information about the Hammer mercenary group, as well as all the whereabouts of the mysterious person who photographed the Undead Ye." Xiao Yan said.

"Okay, it's up to you!" Ye Feng heard the words, but he gritted his teeth and said directly.

"It's a pleasure to cooperate." Xiao Yan said with a smile.