Chapter Vol 4 1064: Cailin is missing?

"What?" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, in the entire Crystal Palace, except for Shefu, other Medusa clan powerhouses were all shocked.

How powerful is Queen Medusa today?

A powerhouse with the perfection level of One Star Fighting Immortals!

The guy in front of him actually said that Queen Medusa was his wife. Such arrogant words would probably be shot to death by the strong men of the Medusa family!

The marriage and love of the Medusa family is different from that of human beings. The women of the Medusa family prefer men who are stronger than themselves, and do not consider those who are weaker than themselves.

So when Xiao Yan said this, almost no one believed it.

"Boy!"

"Rice can be eaten indiscriminately!"

"Don't talk nonsense!" Although Mobal was dissatisfied with Queen Medusa's rule, in the final analysis, Queen Medusa was also a god-like existence in their minds, so she was insulted by a weak human male. growled continuously.

"I believe Senior Shefu naturally knows whether the words are true or false." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the blood emitting nine colors of light dissipated slightly towards Shefu.

"It's true."

"The Queen can only tell me about this matter."

"The queen is from a lower plane, where does she have a human husband." And after feeling Xiao Yan's nine-color blood, Shefu also smelled the same breath as Queen Medusa, and endured it. kept talking.

"How could it be possible..." Even if Shefu spoke, the other eight leaders were still full of shock!

For someone as powerful as Queen Medusa, their spouse must be a very good person. How could such a weak human being...

"No matter what, she is my wife." Xiao Yan also looked at these powerhouses and spoke up.

However, Xiao Yan's voice this time was obviously not to them, but to Mu Yingying.

Xiao Yan believes that she is not a good person, but she can also vaguely sense Mu Yingying's affection for her. So far, I am afraid she can only use Cailin's matter to make her want to quit.

"Wife?" Mu Yingying didn't understand what Xiao Yan meant at first, but only after she said it for the second time.

"Xiao Yan..."

"Are you from a family?" Mu Yingying looked at Xiao Yan and said, her voice was full of sadness.

Mu Yingying converted to human beings, and finally met a guy she liked. In the end, he actually told herself that he was married...

He is a family man...

"Feel sorry…"

"This matter has lied to you for a long time. In fact, I wanted to say it a long time ago, but I just never had a chance." Xiao Yan watched Mu Yingying's pupils shrink tightly. said.

"Feel sorry?"

"Apologize is enough?"

"Are you a family man?"

"Then what am I doing to you all these years?" Mu Yingying said in a weeping voice, walking towards Xiao Yan step by step, she was already unable to cry.

"I'm sorry." Seeing this, Xiao Yan had no choice but to shake his head.

Xiao Yan knew that instead of making Mu Yingying suffer in the future, it is better to speak up now, otherwise it will be ten thousand times more painful in the future.

"Joke."

"Joke."

"Joke." Mu Yingying burst out laughing, then turned into a meteor, and disappeared directly here. It was obvious that she had only experienced the pain of her brother, and it was hard to find someone like Xiao Yan who she could rely on. It's what it looks like now.

"Big brother, I'll go take a look." Mu Yingying was extremely unstable and left the Crystal Palace directly. At that time, Xiao Yi said something and followed.

"I can't tell, you are still a master who likes to provoke right and wrong?" Long Yi joked to Xiao Yan while watching Xiao Yi and Mu Yingying leave one after another.

"Okay, let's do business first."

"I hope she's all right." Xiao Yan said to the place where Mu Yingying disappeared.

"Senior, I don't know why you are trying to save me this time?" After revealing their identities, the attitude of the powerhouses in the Medusa clan towards Xiao Yan also changed drastically.

The husband-in-law of Queen Medusa, this status alone is enough to make Xiao Yan walk sideways here, not to mention that Xiao Yan has the power of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python. Although it is extremely weak, it is genuine. .

"Ha ha."

"This matter has to start with the Queen." Shefu also spoke when he saw Xiao Yan's question.

And as Shefu opened his mouth, the powerhouses of the other eight tribes nodded and listened carefully, because the matter about Queen Medusa has always been a taboo topic in the clan.

"I remember that the child just came to the Xuanling Continent. Because of the power of the nine-colored swallowing python on his body, he was targeted by the powerhouses of the Xuanling royal family."

"She was extremely weak at that time. In a crisis, I simply rescued her."

"When she returned to the clan, she showed amazing talent, so because at that time, our Medusa clan was divided for many years, I moved my heart of compassion, and directly excluded the public opinion and sent her to the Medusa Temple. "

"She lived up to expectations, and successfully obtained the power of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, so that her strength broke through to the perfection of the One Star Fighting Immortal."

"But not long ago, she seemed to feel a familiar breath, and that familiar breath should be you."

"Yeah, after I sensed your breath, my always quiet appearance suddenly became restless. I left a sentence that you were in danger, and went straight to you."

"Therefore, the queen settled some family affairs, and went directly to Xuehe Town."

"And because the old man was worried, he went with the Queen's cronies, but he didn't find the Queen along the way."

"Because you have some Queen's aura left on you, so I saved you and wanted to ask about the Queen's trail." Shefu said slightly.

As Shefu's voice just fell, the other eight tribes of hungry powerhouses were relieved. At this moment, even if they were stupid, they knew what Xiao Yan's identity was.

"It seems that this time... things are in trouble." And Xiao Yan's expression became strange after hearing this.

"But don't worry."

"The Queen's current strength can be as good as one-star fighting immortals. There are almost no rivals in the entire Xuansan three days. Just wait here for the Queen to come back." Shefu Zaidu said.

"Now, that's the only way to do it." But as soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, his heart suddenly became uncomfortable, and it was obvious that something flashed heavily in his heart.

"Snake King, take Xiao Yan down to recuperate."

"When the injury is healed and the queen returns, it will be time for a decisive battle with the Xuanling royal family." Shefu Zaidu said.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, please come with me." The Snake King heard this and took Xiao Yan down directly, and Xiao Yan was also preparing to take care of his injuries after the war.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм