Chapter 351: The sound of the sea!

"The meteorite in the depths of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, even if it is my strength, can't detect the reason, but I believe that you will find something." Yu Xuan also said slowly to Xiao Yan, and then looked at The Golden Dragon King on the side.

"Mysterious meteorite..." The Golden Dragon King also sank slightly, then muttered in his mouth.

"Then I would like to thank my seniors." Xiao Yan also said respectfully. After all, the Xuanling Imperial Pond holds such treasures, and I am afraid that even the Xuanling Imperial Family does not know.

"Hehe, if you can promise my last wish this time, it can be considered that I owe you a favor. As for these little things, it's not worth mentioning." Yu Xuan also refused. Obviously, the Golden Dragon King promised to save his daughter. Good thing, so Yu Xuan will also try his best to help Xiao Yan.

"If you want to enter the Xuanling Emperor Pond, the first thing you need to do is to get nine formation stones, so that you can overcome the nine fish play dragon formation guarding the center of the altar."

"By activating the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation and defeating the Silver Dragon, you can also enter the Xuanling Emperor Pond."

"But if you want to enter the second floor of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, it won't be so easy."

"You must get the token of my Tianmu fish clan to enter." Yu Xuan also said.

"The token..." Xiao Yan heard the words and slowly returned the dark brown conch that had withdrawn the ring.

"Yes, this is it."

"This conch is called the voice of the sea, and it is a genuine fairy artifact." Yu Xuan also said with a slow smile, obviously appreciating the conch in Xiao Yan's hands.

"Fairy Artifact?" Xiao Yan's brows were furrowed when he heard the words. Obviously, after receiving this conch, Xiao Yan had felt it. There was no aura in this conch, it was like a normal thing!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Who would have thought that this is actually a fairy weapon!

Immortal artifacts, Xiao Yan knows the power of immortal artifacts. If a powerhouse of the same level as Xiao Yan owns an immortal artifact, even Xiao Yan will not be able to defeat it. After all, immortal artifact The key to victory or defeat can already be determined.

Xiao Yan didn't know that the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand could be at that level, but there was no doubt that even if the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire possessed an artifact spirit, it was probably a lot weaker than the real immortal artifact.

"Haha, don't underestimate the voice of the sea, this is a genuine fairy artifact."

"It's just that it is in a sealed state at this time."

"When I find my daughter in the future, it will also bloom again." Yu Xuan also said slowly.

"The sealed immortal weapon..." Xiao Yan also shook his head. Obviously, he was very jealous of this immortal weapon, but Xiao Yan also firmly believed that the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand would become a more powerful weapon than the immortal weapon in time. .

"This time, the Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon Formation should have started the Five Fish Technique."

"Five fish come out together, I am afraid that it is quite difficult for the six-star Dou Di powerhouse to deal with it."

"But you are different. You have the token of our Tianmu fish family, the voice of the sea."

"After activating the Wuyuxi Dragon Formation, you only need to take out the sound of the sea and sense the guardian silver dragon, and then you can enter the core area of ​​the Xuanling Emperor Pond." Yuxi also said slowly.

"Is the Xuanling Emperor Pond..."

"I'm here!" Xiao Yan kept asking about Yuxi with fiery eyes, while his master, the Golden Dragon King, looked around slightly lazily.

"Why didn't Xiao Yan come out yet..."

"Could something have happened..." Mu Yingying also said anxiously.

Outside of the silver dragon tray, the four figures slowly appeared.

"Humph!"

"With the strength in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, to challenge the powerhouse that is comparable to the human 8-star Dou Emperor level is nothing more than asking for a dead end." Xiaoshou also snorted coldly and then spoke slowly.

"You!" Mu Yingying was also a little anxious. After all, the three of them were all members of the Burning Incense Pavilion, and they were both prosperous. They would never hurt their companions, nor would they leave their companions and run away alone!

This is the pavilion training they received on the first day they joined the Fenxiang Pavilion.

"Don't worry, I can still feel Xiao Yan's breath, he should be fine." Mu Feng also said, obviously Mu Feng was quite helpless towards this moody Mu Yingying.

"Forget it, just wait."

"Let's go first!" Da Fatty also said.

Just after finishing speaking, Da Fatty and Xiaoshou also exercised their grudges and poured them towards the golden fish in their hands.

With the infusion of vindictive energy in the golden fish between the two of them, the golden fish also seemed to be alive, and the fish pupils exuded extremely terrifying fluctuations, and slowly walked away towards the silver dragon!

"Strange, Xiaoshou and Da Fatang clearly got rid of us from the beginning. If they got there first, why did they take the one-striped goldfish and the second-striped goldfish? With the strength of the two of them, it is enough to deal with the five-striped goldfish. Why... "..." Mu Feng looked at the fish in the hands of these two people, and said suspiciously.

"Shabu Shabu!" On the silver dragon tray, there were only four fish without pupils, which looked gray, but as Xiaoshou and Da Fatang had the first and second patterns of fish pupils in their hands, the golden fish slowly returned. After taking the position, the silver dragon also exudes an extremely terrifying aura!

It is comparable to the strength of a human five-star fighting emperor!

The two golden fish were swimming constantly, and along with the swimming of the golden fish, traces of golden rays of light were constantly radiating from the fish, and then slowly converged on the silver dragon.

"Roar!" The next moment, an extremely loud dragon roar also echoed in this space.

"them……"

"Actually activated this formation in advance!"

"Damn it!" Mu Feng also cursed secretly, and then quickly avoided hoo hoo hoo! "The terrifying coercion also instantly permeated the entire space, and then the silver dragon slowly fell off the tray and roared towards Xiaoshou and Da Fatang!

Looking at the appearance, if you want to enter the Xuanling Emperor Pond, it seems that you have to pass the assessment of this silver dragon!

"A mere beast dares to clamor with my Xuanling royal family!" Xiao Shou also snorted coldly, and then there seemed to be a strange powder in his hand.

As soon as he finished speaking, he threw it towards the silver dragon whistling in front of him!

"Why does the powder in Xiaoshou's hands... have a familiar smell..." Mu Yingying also felt the mysterious powder in Xiaoshou's hands in a daze, and the next moment Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes had a layer of rust. A faint gray appeared, and Mu Yingying's body couldn't help being shaken.

"Be careful, this is some kind of seductive powder..." Mu Feng also slowly said to Mu Yingying beside him.

"Hahaha!"

"Silver Dragon!" Just as Xiao Shou sprinkled the powder, he also found that the surging silver dragon's pupil suddenly turned into a fiery red, and he was immediately overjoyed.

"Yinlong, kill them!" In the next moment, Yinlong also seemed to be controlled by Xiaoshou's mysterious powder, and then fell with Xiaoshou's voice, that Yinlong also transformed the target of attack, facing Mu Ying. The place where Ying and Mu Feng were located viciously attacked away!

Ask for tickets!

Hey, the author is very unlucky, the phone is lost, so the updates will be unstable these days, but there will be no less updates every day.