Chapter Vol 4 1294: Top 50 battle!

"You... Who will come first?" Du Tianfeng's voice just fell, and there was a burst of commotion among the top 100 powerhouses present. Obviously, you pushed me and I pushed you, hesitating.

"I'll do it." Xiao Yan and Yu Ran glanced at each other, then took a step forward and walked away slowly towards the wooden box. If no one was willing to make this start, the two of them would naturally be willing. After all, the two of them He is quite confident in his own strength.

At this time, there is no need to hide and tuck, just draw lots to find your opponent and defeat him. As long as the luck is not particularly bad, naturally you will not encounter the late two-star fighting immortal and the two-star fighting immortal complete powerhouse. This kind of strong, I am afraid I will only meet at the end.

Even though Xiao Yan is only in the early stage of 2-star Dou Xian now, but his combat power is as simple as playing a family in the early and middle stages of 2-star Dou Xian. The powerhouse in the later stage of 2-star Dou Xian is a little bit difficult. It is necessary to go all out. After all, being able to participate in the Eastern Continent Competition is not an unknown person.

"Crash!" After some exploration, Xiao Yan finally drew Blue Twenty-five, while Yu Ran Ran drew Blue Twenty.

Xiao Yan was also worried that the two would draw a duel, so he wanted to use his soul power to directly probe the wooden box to avoid this problem, but how could he know that there was an extremely tyrannical prohibition set in this wooden box, which was obviously a sword-forging thunder valley. This kind of cheating has been known for a long time, and it was banned in advance.

"It seems that we won't meet for the time being." Yu Ran Ran was also slightly relieved. Obviously, for Xiao Yan, even her strength in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian, she was not sure. After all, she had seen this guy Xiao Yan. The horror, if it is a real battle, I am afraid it will be difficult to tell the winner.

When the two of them finished speaking, the other strong men around them also slowly wriggled and walked away from the wooden box to start the draw.

The lottery was conducted in an orderly and orderly manner under the leadership of the guards and the head of the forge sword Lei San, Du Tianfeng, and it didn't take long. The lottery is over and the competition begins.

The time required for the top 100 to advance to the top 50 is naturally determined according to the opponent. If the opponent is tyrannical, it will naturally take more time, and vice versa.

However, Xiao Yan found that the powerhouses here had the lowest strength and were also in the middle stage of 2-star Fighting Immortals, and it seemed that he only had a 2-star initial stage, which made Xiao Yan quite helpless.

"Since everyone is ready, let's start."

"The promotion of the arena is based on the outcome. If one side admits defeat, no more kills are allowed. Otherwise, the result will be cancelled. Otherwise, life and death are irrelevant." Duan Tianfeng said slowly, obviously the rules have been clearly stated.

"Such a rule is quite likable." The dark figure just now was the one who had been promoted in the same promotion field with Xiao Yan. At this time, what he was holding in his hand was a white twenty-five. In this way, his opponent is Xiao Yan!

"Boom!" Du Tianfeng's voice just fell, and suddenly the huge light curtain outside the barren arena slowly became transparent, and a scene that was enough to shock everyone present slowly emerged.

"This...where is this arena, this is clearly a mountain range!" And through the transparent light curtain, the top 100 who were immediately present couldn't help but say with a hoarse throat.

Because in the arena, there are mountains and waters, rocky peaks with undulating terrain, and a mountain range.

"Tsk tsk tsk, this sword-forging Thunder Valley is really huge." Xiao Yan couldn't help but be shocked.

The overall area of ​​the arena mountain range is probably several thousand meters, and being able to use such a vast space as an arena requires not only deep pockets, but also some special means. Name, well deserved!

"Blue No. 1 vs. White No. 1, please enter." A guard said slowly to the crowd.

"I come!"

"I'm coming too." As soon as the voice fell, two burly men jumped out of the crowd, and then poured into the competitive mountain range to start the battle.

Time passed minute by minute. During this period, there were many battles worth watching. Xiao Yan naturally detected several powerful opponents, and through observation, Xiao Yan also discovered the tyranny of Yu Ran Ran.

Yu Ran Ran was dealing with an earth-type powerhouse with the same strength in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian.

Earth-type powerhouses are extremely terrifying in defense. Although their destructive power is not strong enough, if their defenses are strong enough, they will suddenly use Dou Qi to defend and drag the enemy to death. This is also the reason why tyrannical earth-type powerhouses are hated. The shell is average, it can't be beaten and can't be beaten, and it can't be ignored. This makes other people like mute eating berberine, and they can't tell the bitterness.

However, the power of the rain and wind attribute was extremely well used. Although they fought for a while, they still managed to advance to the top 50.

"Next, blue twenty-five versus white twenty-fifth." The next moment, the guard's voice spoke loudly.

"This Xiao Yan, I'm afraid it's not that simple. He can come here with the strength of the two-star Dou Xian early stage... and the heavy ruler behind him is probably a weapon that is not weak." Among the crowd, a weak scholar The breath opened slowly.

"This guy is probably lucky, the guy who fought against him is a late stage two-star Dou Xianqiang powerhouse, and he advanced with us with a record of six wins. Although this Xiao Yan is also six wins, [ ] But it seems It's exhausting, I'm afraid..."

"And after the battle with the black figure, the six people who failed were all wiped out... Even if they admitted defeat, they didn't call out." Another figure also spoke slowly.

These two were Bingling and Mu Xiao who were in the same arena as Xiao Yan.

"What do you think Xiao Yan's chances of winning are?" Bingling asked.

"I don't know, let's take a look But I'm looking forward to playing against him. I hope he doesn't lose so soon." Mu Xiao smiled.

"Susu..."

"Boy, there is a way to heaven if you don't go, **** has no way to break in." The black figure and Xiao Yan came to the entrance of the light curtain at the same time, and immediately smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Why are you talking so much nonsense?" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then disappeared directly into the light curtain.

"Hmph, I'll make your life worse for a while!" After the black figure finished speaking, he also submerged into the competitive mountain range and started the battle.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Little guy, you are a dignified fourth-grade pharmacist of the Immortal Rank. Since this guy entered Leicheng, I have noticed that something is wrong. If you have the means, even if you use it well, I will cover it up for you." When rushing into the competitive mountain range, a powerful force like ** slowly entered Xiao Yan's mind.

"Tiantianfeng?" Just as Xiao Yan was about to start, he was immediately attracted by the sound transmission of the soul of Tiantianfeng outside.

"He may be a member of the Ghost Kingdom, and he is here to destroy our Eastern Continent ratio this time, so if there is a chance, I will obliterate him, investigate memory, and other things, and I will naturally help you." Duan Tianfeng continued.

"That's what it means." And Xiao Yan heard the words and laughed slowly, because he could smell some familiar aura from the black figure in front of him. Well, that's not the breath of the ghost kingdom, but...

Similar to Soul Clan!