Chapter 19: Battle against the 3-star Dou Di peak!

"However, there are so many secrets in your kid. First, there is the flame that you can't meet, then the secret method of increasing your strength in a short time, and the unusual flame. My interest in you is getting bigger and bigger. That's it." Although the man in black was a little surprised, the strength between the Dou Di and the strong is not something that can be resisted by the increase of the little secret method, and the external force is the external force after all.

"However, the secret method is an external force after all, and it is not on the same level as the real Samsung Consummation. Now I will show you the real Samsung Consummation's strength."

"Everything you rely on is ultimately vulnerable in the face of absolute strength, so let me smash your dependence." The man in black looked at Xiao Yan with disdain.

"There's a lot of nonsense." Xiao Yan also said to the man in black, since the man in black in front of him was the murderer of the Mu family, then he couldn't let him go.

The incomparably tyrannical fighting spirit continued to radiate from the man in black, and the huge power was vaguely transformed into a dragon hovering above the man in black, roaring constantly.

Qingyuan and Yueru felt the terrifying fluctuations from the energy dragon that day.

Xiao Yan was quietly brewing something in the palm of his hand, and quietly looked at the man in black in front of him.

"Xiao Yan, if it doesn't work, we will retreat first!" Yue Ru knew very well the strength of Dou Di's powerhouses. Yueru's words are not only for Xiao Yan to save her father's life, but more importantly, she cares about him!

It's all my own reasons that cause trouble, so I can't help but blame myself.

"Since I met him, I'll solve it for him. Besides, if you don't mess with them, they will come to you sooner or later." Xiao Yan seemed to see what Yueru was thinking and said.

"The soul of a high-level alchemist is very delicious. The taste of the Mu family a few days ago was really unforgettable, but I believe you will be more delicious." The man in black looked at Xiao Yan greedily with a twisted face.

"You are the murderers of the Mu Family, right?" Xiao Yan was also clear in his mind, and immediately asked.

"Anyway, you are all going to die, so what if you know it, the Mu family has got their hands on something that shouldn't be touched, so it deserves it." The man in black obviously thought the winning ticket was in his hands, and he told Xiao Yan and the others as if the winner was speaking to the loser. the same sarcasm.

"Is it something that shouldn't be involved? I'm very curious about the kind of thing you said, why not give it to me?" Xiao Yan said maliciously.

"Hahaha! You kid can't protect yourself and you still think so much." The man in black mocked with disdain.

"I think it's you who can't protect yourself!"

"Golden Demon Puppet, come on!"

"A puppet comparable to a two-star Dou Di? You really are full of treasures!" Before the man in black finished speaking, the golden demon puppet attacked him with his golden fist covered.

"Boom boom boom!" The fist of the man in black and the fist of the golden demon puppet faced each other!

One punch fell!

The man in black obviously took a few steps back due to the strength of his fists before stabilizing his figure, while Jin Yaopup's dead gray pupils and the golden-bronze body that didn't fluctuate a little bit posed a posture of punching.

Obviously, after the baptism of the nine-color Dan Lei again, although it has not fully evolved to the level of the Golden Demon Puppet, the current Golden Demon Puppet's power on the flesh is not weak at all, although this does not rule out that the black clothed person in front of him did not use it. All for the sake of it!

"How is that possible! This puppet is a little weird!" The man in black didn't think that a puppet that was comparable to a two-star Dou Di would be so strong. It was discovered that this puppet was actually covered with the power of thunder.

That seemingly simple punch, in fact, the entire fist is covered with the power of thunder, attacking with the power of thunder! No wonder he can make himself take a few steps back to stabilize his footsteps!

Although the Golden Demon Puppet gained the upper hand at the beginning, after the men in black became wary, the Golden Demon Puppet was also losing ground under the complete strength of the three-star Dou Di of the Man in Black. The original simple golden and bronze body was obviously swept away by the black one. Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a little bit distressed when he saw how many holes were beaten.

The battle between the golden demon and the man in black is going on continuously. Looking at the golden demon who is about to lose it, Yueru and Qing Yuan are also biting their lips, because they both know that once the golden demon is defeated Next came Xiao Yan.

"Huangquan Heavenly Fury!" Xiao Yan finally completed the fusion of Buddha's Fury Fire Lotus. A delicate lotus seed suspended in Xiao Yan's palm exudes terrifying power!

Just when the man in black was complacent, Xiao Yan completed the fusion of the Buddha's Fury and Fire Lotus, but he did not rush to take action, because Xiao Yan also knew that a strong man like the man in black would perceive the power of destruction in the face of it. , it was immediately a soul attack and went away!

Once the soul attack succeeds, causing the man in black to fall into a temporary stagnation, that's the best time to attack with the different fire lotus seeds! Moreover, Xiao Yan believed that only then would the winner be determined with one blow!

"Huangquan Tian's Fury" came quietly when the man in black was proud to deal with the Golden Demon Puppet!

"Puff puff!" The man in black spit out a mouthful of blood, but he didn't stagnate.

"Damn it! Did you fail?" Xiao Yan murmured while looking at the man in black.

"Cough, cough, it's such a powerful soul force. Thankfully, I prepared a hand when dealing with you alchemists, just to prevent your soul from attacking." The only ring on the man in black's finger was broken. Obviously, Most of Xiao Yan's soul attacks were resisted by the power in the ring that resisted soul attacks, so it didn't cause much damage to the man in black.

"Are you helpless?"

"Then welcome death!" The man in black roared loudly. The Jiaolong entrenched on top of his head also solidified at this moment, and roared towards Xiao Yan!

The Jiaolong roared towards Xiao Yan from the top of his head, and the air was full of the sound of breaking wind. The power of this Jiaolong could not help but make Xiao Yan feel numb in his scalp. Seeing this, Xiao Yan also turned the Buddha's Fury Lotus in his hand. Slowly lift it up, meet the dragon and go away!

"Ah!" For some reason, the man in black suddenly shouted, Xiao Yan knew very well that this was obviously a symptom of a soul attack! It turned out that at this critical moment, Qing Yuan worked hard to stimulate his own vindictiveness, and a white light radiated from Qing Yuan to attack the man in black! The soul attack that Qing Yuan had just launched was even stronger than Xiao Yan's Huang Quan Tian Fury!

What secrets does this Qing Yuan have? Even though Xiao Yan was puzzled at the moment, the crisis had not been resolved at this time, and he couldn't let go of this fleeting opportunity. He raised the Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus in his hand and threw it at the stagnant black-clothed man. !

Because the man in black was attacked by his soul and fell into a temporary stagnation, the terrifying dragon that he had just condensed also vanished in an instant.

"Boom boom boom!" The Buddha's angry fire lotus directly attacked the place where the man in black was. The terrifying destructive power destroyed this small piece of sky. All of his followers evaporated, and Xiao Yi emitted a huge protective shield to protect Yue Ru and Qing Yuan, who fell into a coma.

Xiao Yan was also panting heavily, looking at the place in the center of the explosion, muttering to himself.

"I hope you don't die, you have to let Qing Yuan kill the enemy."

​​