Chapter 334: Play pig eat tiger!

Xiao Yan followed behind Zhu Lao and Wen Zi. Although there were no ripples in his eyes, Xiao Yan was extremely shocked in his heart.

The Xuanling royal family is located in the middle of Xuantian San, and it has been attacked the most by the Medusa clan.

Moreover, in the depths of Xuanling City, most of the human beings who took refuge in the Xuanling royal family, attached to them, and lived in Xuanling City.

As for the Xuanling royal family, it is also located in the depths of Xuanling City.

Xiao Yan was not idle along the way. The huge soul force was constantly covering him. From the moment he first entered the gate of Xuanling City, Xiao Yan was doing this.

Because according to the guess of his master, the Golden Dragon King, it is very likely that this holy flame is in the royal family of Xuanling!

Exactly where it is is unknown.

Don't underestimate this Xuanling City, a big city with a radius of almost a thousand miles. In addition to the area occupied by the Xuanling royal family, the area occupied is absolutely terrifying, so if you search blindly, you will undoubtedly be looking for a needle in a haystack.

That's why Xiao Yan kept releasing his soul power along the way.

"strangeness……"

"This Profound Spirit City extends in all directions. Although I vaguely sense some extremely powerful and obscure auras, there is no familiar holy flame aura in this Profound Spirit City..." Xiao Yan also shook his head.

Sheng Yan is the same as Yi Huo, they are both inborn things, so the aura of Sheng Yan is similar to that of Yi Huo, so Xiao Yan dared to guess.

"Hehe, you're there when you walk in front." Wen Zi also smiled slowly, leading the four old Zhu Lao along the way.

Naturally, some dramatic things happened in the middle. After all, Wen Zi's status in the Xuanling royal family was second only to King Xuanling.

Immediately, many people with discerning eyes in Xuanling City saw that the four elders of Zhu Lao were respectfully led by this Wen Zi, and they also showed a look of thinking. people.

But nothing unpleasant happened.

"Hehe, I'll take care of something, please wait for me, everyone." A young man with a contemplative face also appeared slowly, and then he was a little anxious behind Wen Zi. Wen Zi also seemed to have found something to deal with, so he was also with Zhu Lao said hello in advance, and then took the young man slowly away from Zhu Lao some distance, the two were talking in a low voice.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As for Xiao Yan and the others, they also stood there and waited.

"It's really bad luck!"

"I was scolded by my father instead of going to Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Going to find my little lover, he's not here either..."

"It really **** me off!" Du He also said viciously in the street.

"Prince, calm down, it's outside, it's indecent..." The entourage who accompanied Du He to the Burning Incense Pavilion also hurriedly said.

Now is a great opportunity for these descendants of King Xuanling to perform, so there must be no blemish at all, otherwise once the right of inheritance is denied by King Xuanling...

"I know……"

"It's really annoying." Du He also said slowly, and then he ignored the follower, thought straight, and walked forward.

"Isn't that Master Wen Zi..."

"Could it be that I am blinded?" The attendant also saw a man holding a feather fan not far away, and then slowly murmured, the next moment, the attendant also hurriedly chased after him.

"boom!"

With a slight collision, Du He only felt that he had hit an indestructible copper wall and an iron wall, and his arm was hit with slight pain.

"Don't have eyes?"

"Do you know who you bumped into?" A domineering roar also slowly came out of Du He's mouth.

Du He was already angry enough today, but he didn't expect to come out to relax and meet some ignorant people who dared to contradict him...

"This time, it's a good time to let out the bad anger." Du He also glanced at the person who hit him, an old man with a thin and yellow face, there was no fluctuation of vindictiveness all over his body, and he looked like a soft persimmon.

"You hit me, tell me, how to compensate." The next moment, Du He also thought of something funny, the anger disappeared without a trace, replaced by a smile.

Xiao Yan also saw this Du He just now. He knew that Du He was a member of the Xuanling Royal Family, but he dared to go to their Burning Incense Pavilion to make trouble. This was the first time. Although he failed in the end, Xiao Yan was also Knowing that this Du He is actually the sixth prince of the Xuanling royal family, this status is a bit incredible.

"Let let..."

"Hey, let Rang..." The entourage beside Du He was also rushing to the runway, but more and more people were watching, and Du He's entourage was also drowned in the sea of ​​people.

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan also coughed, and the next moment he wanted to step forward to clear the siege, but he was blocked by Old Zhu with a wave of his hand.

"It's okay." Elder Zhu said lightly.

"How do you want to pay?" Elder Zhu also said slowly.

"Hehe, I don't want much."

"Look, you hit me first. My clothes are extremely expensive."

"Even if you pay a thousand gold coins." Du He also said slowly, his voice full of jokes.

"Isn't this a clear robbery?"

"It's really going downhill..."

"Wait, I think this person is a bit like Du He, the sixth prince of the Xuanling royal family..."

"Did you say..." A series of dangduansi words were also passed around, but it was also obvious that on such a bustling street, as long as there was a little bit of excitement, a large number of people who liked to watch the excitement would gather around.

"Oh, don't say..."

"It's really Du He, the sixth prince of the Xuanling royal family..." The onlookers also recognized Du He and said immediately.

"Hey, what's going on?"

"Dignified sixth prince, Du He, was bullying others?"

"Just your clothes are worth a thousand gold coins?"

"I don't think a gold coin is worth it In the crowd, a person who is not afraid of the identity of the sixth prince also said.

"Old man, it's okay, this is a shameless child in front of you, what he said can't be taken as true." The figure who spoke earlier also said slowly.

"One thousand gold coins, one more and one less."

"Otherwise, take it with you to the royal family!" Du He also said angrily.

But when Du He's eyes caught sight of the person who bumped into him, there was a trance deep in his soul, as if the old man had seen it himself.

But Du He couldn't remember where he saw it!

After all, in the Burning Incense Pavilion, the distance between Old Zhu and Du He was too far away. With Du He's eyesight, he naturally couldn't remember what Old Zhu looked like, so it was understandable for this situation.

A very important reason why Du He is so angry is that more and more people are watching, and his reputation in this Xuanling City is not very good. The most important thing is...

It was the old man who bumped into him!

If this matter were exposed, then Du He would not be able to eat and walk around, and that was the reason why Du He hurriedly freed himself.

"damn it……"

"This old man is actually..."

"Something's happened now!" The area code mix next to Du He passed through the crowd, and then saw Xiao Yan and a few others, but when his eyes caught sight of Zhu Lao, his pupils also shrank violently. stand up.

Ask for tickets!